

SIOFRA’S FIGHT
BOOK 4
THE BROADUS SUPERNATURAL SOCIETY SERIES
BY:
THERESA MARGUERITE HEWITT

Published by Theresa Marguerite Hewitt at Smashwords

Copyright ©2013 Theresa Marguerite Hewitt

Smashwords Edition License Notes
Thank your for downloading/purchasing this ebook. This ebook and its contents are the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.


This book contains mature content and is not recommended for anyone under the age of 18.

This book was edited and proof-read by my ever-helpful friend Samantha Baker. I couldn’t do this without you! You’re the best!


To My Readers:

I can not say thank you enough! You guys are great! The support and feedback I receive makes all the long nights, strained eyes and money I’ve invested in notebooks worth it.
I hope you all enjoy the Fourth installment of Siofra’s journey and stick with me to see what other tricks I have up my sleeves.
Stay weird!
~TMH~



CHAPTER ONE:
September 15, 2016

It was raining, again, as Abe stuck his head out the emergency door in Dorthea's office. It was before midnight and for a Thursday night, Lucian's Place Nightclub was packed to the brim with eager supernaturals. He had been checking IDs and taking cover charge money non-stop since they opened their doors at 9:30, only about an hour and a half ago.
The normal briny, stale, moldy stench of the back alley struck his nose as he peered around into the floodlight lit corridor facing Bourbon Street. He was waiting for Siofra. She had told Dorthea she would help out tonight since their head waitress had been in a car accident. Siofra, who was his mate, had been hiding out in his apartment since she appeared injured in the rain late one July night, begging for Dorthea's help. It was hard to have her around and not be able to touch her the way he wanted, but she told Abe she wanted to wait till they went back to Broadus, Montana when she was ready and he was just happy to have her near.
His tiger chuffed and purred at the thought of Siofra and her sky blue eyes, her shoulder length brown hair, and her curvy, short build that sent lighting throughout his limbs. Abe ducked back into the shelter of Dorthea's office, meeting the older woman's smiling face. "She'll be here cherie," Dorthea pats Abe on the shoulder, taking a seat behind her desk.
"I know, I'm just worried bout her walking in the rain," Abe tapped his cowboy boot on the carpeted floor, running his fingers through his shoulder length, silver streaked dirty blond hair, bringing it back and wrapping a rubber band around it at the nape of his neck. He was only 35, but stress and genetics had given him silver hairs at the age of 25 and he didn't have any reason to cover them up. Even his scruffy facial hair was silver streaked, in stripes like his animal, making most people think he was at least 45. 
Dorthea sat back in her office chair, stirring her computer mouse to bring her sleeping computer back to life. She was worried about Siofra, but not because of the rain, and she wasn't going to let Abe know that. The kind hearted young woman had a tortured soul and she had come to New Orleans for help. Emotional help. The night she had showed up at the same door where Abe was waiting for her now replayed in Dorthea's mind.
Siofra was bleeding from a self-inflicted stab wound to her stomach, soaked from the rain, and stinking of evil. Piecing faint drug induced answers together, Dorthea found out that Siofra had sacrificed a life that was growing inside of her to put an end to a large evil. Even though the girl knew that the life growing inside of her was the bringer of hell to Earth, she was still attached to it. Any mother could relate and Dorthea had held Siofra for hours on end as she sobbed wildly, her heart ripped into millions of pieces.
Dorthea sighed slightly, Abe giving her a raised eyebrow, knowing the woman who had taken care of him like a mother was thinking about something relating to Siofra. She gave the lonely tiger a slight grin, looking him up and down noticing that he was dressed extra sexy tonight, probably to look good for his new found mate.
He had a tight plain white t-shirt slightly showing underneath a short sleeve, black button down with silver stripes that was tucked into the waist of his just-tight-enough dark blue denim jeans. His United States Air Force belt buckle was prominently displayed at the front of his waist, Abe having served eleven years as a fighter pilot, and his normal black cowboy boots peeked out from the hem of his jeans, showing off his Texas roots. 
Dorthea shook her head, not knowing how Siofra had kept her hands off of this man for the last month, but then again she did already have a husband AND second mate waiting for her back in Montana. The Cajun woman could see why she had told Abe she wanted to wait until he met Conall and Dyson, so there wouldn't be any animosity between the men.
"What you thinkin bout D?" Abe gave the woman a sly smile, plopping himself down on the leather couch in the middle of the large room. He had been around the Cajun werewolf long enough to know when she was thinking about something that involved him. He had worked for her for five years, coming to New Orleans with a friend as soon as they had retired from the Air Force. That friend, Porkchop, was working the door in Abe's leave, this being one of his two nights a week he showed his face in civilization. The man was a were-boar, commonly referred to as a razorback, and Porkchop liked to spend his days at his cabin out on the bayou by himself.
Abraham Turner had enlisted in the Air Force at the age of 19, right after graduating high school, because he needed to get away from home. Home use to be Redwater, Texas, until he was shunned and pretty much disowned by his parents after a car accident. The accident, where Abe had been driving, had killed his little sister Ellen, who was only twelve years old. The accident hadn't been his fault, but his parents had blamed him, throwing his things out on the front lawn of their home after his sister’s funeral. He hasn't been back since, he didn't even know if his parents were still alive, but he didn't let their choice to shun him ruin his life. He had seen the world while enlisted in the Air Force; Italy, Iraq, Saudi Arabia, Japan, Australia, Russia, Afghanistan, Hawaii and hundreds of places in between. He had flown F-15's, F-22's, B-2 Spirits and finally B-52 bomber planes for the last three years of his service.
"Oh, chew knaw me cherie, I jus tinkin bout chew an Fry," she gave him a large smile, waving her hand around nonchalantly, "an how chew gonna fit in with ta wolves." More like how she thought Conall was going to take the news of his wife having yet another fated mate, but again, Dorthea wasn't going to let her fears seep into Abe.
“Yeah,” Abe sighed, leaning his head back against the cool leather of the couch, “I think about that a lot too.” Every second of every day, but he didn’t say that out loud. Since Siofra’s arrival, Abe’s normally quiet, lonely life had become a noisy jumble of tears and laughs, trying to make it easy for his mate to heal her broken soul. 
After spending weeks under twenty four hour supervision from Dorthea, Siofra was shuffled into Abe’s single bedroom apartment, the quiet area being better for her than the bustling household of the Petit’s. The first night she spent there, Abe had fallen asleep on his pull out sofa only to be woken up by her sobs, the cracking sounds breaking his heart. He had crawled into bed with her, holding Siofra tight to his chest, letting her cry herself back into a fitful sleep. They had been almost inseparable since.
Abe had found a missing piece to his soul in Siofra, bringing her to Porkchop’s cabin and out on the bayou. Every day she seemed to get a little better, that dark cloud around her heart lifting little by little. Her nighttime sobs had subsided only a week ago, the two of them sleeping through the night and waking up side by side in the sunshine. She had told Abe that she could feel their bond, but he respected that she wanted him to meet her husband and other mate first, knowing she was very hesitant about the whole multiple mate idea.
A slight knock on the office door and it opened to let Paulette Keller, one of the waitresses in the club, clip-clop into the office on her chucky heels. She was a typical gothic chic, black hair, makeup and nails. A studded dog collar graced her neck and she gave Abe a slight smile, crossing the room to the front of Dorthea’s desk. “Is that new girl here yet cuz there are these VIP’s asking for her by name.”
“Who, cherie?” Paulette had Dorthea and Abe’s full attention, because as far as them, Samuella and the club workers, no one knew that Siofra was in New Orleans. 
“A couple of Vamps up in the Velvet room,” Paulette snapped her gum and twirled her ponytail between her fingers, tapping her foot on the burgundy carpet. “They look like they stepped off a Viking ship. Tall, blond, sexy as hell. Makes me think of Eric in True Blood,” Abe saw the girl’s eyes flutter at the mention of the still uber popular television show.
Abe saw Dorthea tap her fingers on her chin, the woman trying to think if she knew these blond vampires. The vampires in New Orleans had been informed by their Master, Crawford Boutin, to keep their mouths shut if someone was to ask them about Siofra. The Master of New Orleans was very good friends with Dorthea and some of his ‘children’ were liaisons between the Pack and the ‘Family’, the name that vampires called their tight knit groups. 
The emergency door swings open, leaving the chair that was propping it open to crash out into the alley, Abe jumping to his feet to meet a raincoat clad Siofra at the door. Her sky blue eyes are slightly hidden under her bright yellow hood, but she brushes her side-swept bangs out of the way along with her hood, peering up at Abe’s hazel stare. His wide smile warms her heart as he takes her hand, leading her into the dry office and sending a shot of white hot desire through her body.
“Cherieie!”, Siofra smiles at the usual greeting from the silver haired Cajun woman, Dorthea taking her in a tight hug. She squeezed the older woman tight, taking in her comforting spicy scent. She owed Dorthea her life and her sanity. The woman had taken her in, lied to her friends and family per Siofra’s request, and worked hard to heal her broken heart and soul. 
Siofra could feel Abe’s strong hands tug at the shoulders of her raincoat and she shrugged it off. His fingers brushed lightly on her bare arms, sending a shiver up her spine. Tomorrow was the full moon and she would have to stay away from Abe the entire day, knowing that she probably wouldn’t be able to keep her hands off of him if she had the chance. The man had helped her put her heart back together, soothing her tears and being there when she needed him.
She couldn’t help but think about Conall and her sons, seeing Abe smile at her. She missed them so much. Sometimes she thought she could hear the boys’ laughter echoing off of the alleys on Bourbon Street as she walked it alone, clearing her head. She had told Abe that she wanted to go back home soon, and that he was welcome to come with her if he could get all of his things settled and find someone to fill his job. He had eagerly agreed.
“Geez, girl” Paulette snapped her gum at Siofra, eyeing her up and down, “you make our uniform look good.” The gothic girl gave Siofra a wink as she clicked her way out of the office. Siofra had tried to get Dorthea to let her wear something other than the typical Lucian’s Place uniform, but she had insisted.
The short black shorts made her feel as if she had a continuous wedgie, the sheer black tights underneath not making it any better. The red corset style top came up with lace straps, covered by a small black short sleeve bolero, pushing her breasts up and together, giving the illusion that she actually had some to mention. She had on patent leather, three inch pumps, lent to her by another waitress. The outfit made her feel a bit self-conscious, but she wore it out of respect for Dorthea as a business woman.
“You do look good, Fry,” Abe’s deep, soothing voice wrapped around Siofra, filling her with even more desire. She felt like screaming at the moon and it’s damn pull on her emotions, but she just smiled through her blush, stepping up on her tiptoes even in heels to give Abe a kiss on the cheek.
“Alright you two,” Dorthea put her arms around them, ushering them to the front door of her office, “Abe get your butt out there.” She pushed him out into the loud, packed club and he gave a smirk and a wink to Siofra as he disappeared into the crowd. She felt a little frightened facing this crowd without him, but she knew he’d be there in a split second if she called for him. They had spent days playing back and forth with her telepathic powers and Abe loved that they could talk even when they were miles away.
Taking in a deep breath, Siofra stared out into the jammed hallway leading to the top dance floor. There were people everywhere, dancing, drinking, making out, groping each other. With a small laugh she turns to Dorthea, leaning into another hug from the woman. “Where do I start Madame?”
“Ah, my Fry,” Dorthea sighed, patting her on the shoulder, “just go to the bar, Alice will tell you your rooms and tables.” Siofra smiled at her, turning to head down the hall. “Oh and be sure to make the vamps in the Velvet room tip you good hun,” she heard the Cajun woman mutter as she departed.
Running her hands down her stocking clad thighs, Siofra takes in a shaky, deep breath. “Here we go,” she sent out to Abe, with a small smile as she descended the large staircase.
“Ha-ha, yup. Here we go girl,” she heard Abe’s deep voice laugh in her head.
In the Velvet room, an evil, wide, fang bearing smile crept across Kalevi Aalto’s pale face. He could smell the mutt Were as soon as she entered the club. Now he would just sit back and enjoy the human woman who so willingly offered her neck to him, while he waited for the mutt to come to him.
Because he knew she would.

They always did.



CHAPTER TWO:

The lower floor of Lucian's Place was packed, shoulder to shoulder, with supernatural beings of all makes and models. Siofra weaved through the gyrating bodies and packed tables as she made her way to the end of the enormous horseshoe shaped bar. She felt more than one pair of hands brush along her butt and pinch a little, but she chose to ignore it, keeping her eyes on her destination and Alice Petit behind the bar. 
She let out a heavy sigh as she lifted up the counter and stepped behind the bar, smiling at Alice. "Here I am," she shrugged accepting a one arm hug from the thirty something Alpha she-wolf. She was the same height as Siofra, about 5'1"-2", with a shapely figure, thick hips and thighs. Her finely tailored skirt suit only accented her curves and ample chest. Her dark brown hair was up in a high ponytail, showing off the platinum blonde underside. Alice was a strict, but fair and fun Alpha. Her dark brown eyes smiled at Siofra.
"Well am I glad to see you, cherie," she kissed her on the cheek and grabbed a clipboard from beside the register. "You're in the Velvet room," Siofra followed Alice's nod to a spiral staircase off to the left of the bar, "and the tables on the balcony on the other side of it. Just make sure they have everything they need, but," and Alice raised her eyebrows at Siofra, handing her a small stack of menus and a notepad. "Do NOT let the VIPs walk all over you. You have trouble, come get me."
Taking the offered menus and notepad, Siofra nods, "You betcha," she gave Alice a mock salute and headed back out in front of the bar. She passed a wink to a group of young male wolves sitting at a small table as she passed and they let out a series of whistles and yips, but Siofra just shakes her head as she hits the first few steps of the spiral staircase. A weird, heavy feeling grew within Siofra as she got closer to the top of the stairs, but she just shakes it off.
The Velvet room was a 1,500 square foot space dotted with leather couches, chairs, small tables, a mini bar and a huge, sixty five inch flat screen television. Siofra pushed through a set of large, heavy red velvet curtains strung from the ceiling to face a room of six people. She smiled sweetly at the faces, but only the human women smiled back. They were four, skinny, drunk and scantily dressed women, strewn across the furniture as she walked past them to place the menus on a small table in the middle of the room.
“Ahh, our waitress is finally here,” a smooth, icy voice slithered over the muted music from the dance floor below. The almost seven foot tall figure of Kalevi Aalto rose up off of the couch behind her as Siofra turned to face him. She slowly traced his figure, his tight black jeans, black and red striped dress shirt, left open at the top to reveal a peek at his chiseled chest, and finally his statue perfect face. His blue eyes were bright, almost glowing in the pale light and his platinum blonde hair was tied back into a ponytail at the back of his neck. He flashed Siofra a slight smile, giving her a peek at his fangs, sending an involuntary shiver through her limbs.
“Ca…can I get you anything,” she stammers out, taking a small step back from the looming vampire, putting the small coffee table between her and his advancing body. She could feel the power rolling off of him and it made her stomach turn. She cast her eyes around the room, spotting the other vampire behind the small bar with an evil grin across her lips. She was a perfect match to the man before Siofra, only with slightly softer features. Her blonde hair was braided down to her waist, her long red fingernails tapping away at the marble bar top.
“Why, yes,” the man whispered out, still taking slow steps at the retreating Siofra. Her back hit up against the door leading to the balcony tables and she was trapped. The large Viking of a vampire hovered over her, his breath washing over her and she could tell that he had been drinking real blood, the coppery smell filling her nose. “Three bottles of the high end type O and some champagne for our,” Kalevi jerked his head in the direction of the inebriated human women, “guests.” The last word is almost a hiss and it makes Siofra’s skin crawl. 
His cold, large fingers come up to caress her cheek and she can see him smile, tilting his head at her quizzically. His touch sent waves of cold through her limbs and she had to clamp her jaw tight to keep her teeth from chattering. A low laugh fills the silence in the room as the vampire backs away from her slowly, brushing his fingertips along her bare forearm. Siofra takes a shallow breath, looking the icy man in the eyes, straightening her shoulders and gripping the door handle behind her.
“I’ll be right back with those,” she smiled sweetly, leaving the room and shutting the door behind her. She shook the bad feeling off as she tended to the four other tables on the balcony, taking drink and food orders and descending a small spiral staircase at the far end of the balcony that was for waitresses only. Shuffling her way through drunk, fumbling and dancing people, she slides behind the bar. Being behind the bar was like riding a bike, they all operated pretty much the same way.
She mixed drinks, un-capped beers and filled pitchers with expertise, filling a large tray to carry back up the stairs. She served the balcony tables first, leaving the large tray just outside the door to the Velvet room. Taking the three bottles of synthetic ‘O’ blood and the two bottles of champagne within her grasp, she took in a deep breath, pulling the door open.
The blonde male vampire was sitting there, facing the door when Siofra entered, giving her a wide smile as he pushed one of the drunk women off of his lap. She crossed the room swiftly, placing the bottles on the marble bar top. Behind the bar she grabbed glasses, ice from the small ice maker and a bowl of strawberries from the fridge. Siofra turned back to come face to face with the smiling man. "Would you like me to pour you a glass?" she said calmly, trying not to let on that he had startled her.
"Please," he grinned taking a rocks glass with ice in it and handing it to her, "you never said what your name was?" His ice blue eyes were searching her as she uncorked the bottle of "O", pouring it over the ice.
"Sandy," she rolled off the first name that came to mind, smiling at the man, "and yours?" She gave him a wink, hoping to ease some of the tension that had built up within her in the last thirty seconds. Her wolf was on guard, its hackles standing on end and issuing warning growls. 
"Hmm, you don't seem like a Sandy," the man mumbled, giving her a sidelong glance as he put his glass to his lips, taking a long swallow. "I'm Kalevi," he extended his hand and Siofra hesitantly took it in a quick shake. She could feel his power roll through her and she knew she had made a mistake touching him. His eyes went wide, his pupils focusing and dilating. She could see his nostrils flaring, taking her scent into memory. "My un-sociable companion is my sister, Eeva," he nodded to the woman in the corner, starring daggers at Siofra. 
She quickly gathered the stuff together on the bar, "Do you need anything else?", she asked heading for the balcony door. She whipped around when she feels the vampire's hand on her elbow.
Kalevi spins Siofra around, her right hand coming around fast and hard to strike his rocks glass, shattering it into tiny pieces. A jagged piece of the glass cuts into Siofra's palm, mixing her blood with what was left inside the shattered glass. She grasped her hand tight to her stomach, giving the vampire an incredulous look.
"I'm so sorry," he issued, reaching into his pocket producing a handkerchief, "please let me clean that up." Gripping her wrist, he wipes at her bleeding palm reveling in the magic that pulsed around her trying to heal it fast. Siofra pulled her hand from his touch, turning the doorknob with her un-injured hand.
"Thanks," she gave him a weak smile, "I'll be back up in a lil' while." She turned and shut the door behind her without waiting for a reply. Taking a cloth napkin from the tray she had abandoned outside the door, she wrapped her still slightly bleeding hand and tended to the other four tables under her watch.
Weaving through the crowd with her empty tray, she was happy to see Abe's back when she approached the bar. She could tell he was anxious about something, he was talking hurriedly with the bartender, Maude Giroir. Sensing her, he whipped around when she was within ten feet of him, his hazel eyes glowing.
"Are you okay?" he grabbed her around the waist, pulling her hand up to his concerned face removing the napkin. Her hand was healed, the skin still pink and throbbing from the cut. Siofra puts the empty tray on the bar pulling her hand from Abe's grasp.
"I'm fine," she gave him a weak smile, "I just broke a glass." She stepped up on the bottom rail, motioning for Maude to come close to give her an order. The thirty something she-wolf was tough as nails, her husband was the leader of the local biker gang that Abe belonged too. Maude was thin and tall, about 5'8", her legs seemingly going on for days. She dressed the part of a biker most days with leather, studs and motorcycle boots, but tonight she had a short leather mini skit, thigh high heeled boots and a tight black corset top on. Her short brown hair was spiked in the back with gel. Her black and silver eye makeup accented her blue eyes.
"You gotta rein your tiger in, cherie," Maude said into Siofra's ear over the booming Marilyn Manson song, "he was bout to rush headlong up the stairs." Siofra just shakes her head and both women smile. She relates her order for the balcony tables, telling Maude about the vampires in the Velvet room. "Take him up with cha next time," Maude nods to Abe, "and word of advice?" Siofra nods at her and she continues with a sly smile, "Maybe you should give him a piece, so he wouldn't be so tense." 
Siofra laughs through her blush as she steps off of the bar rail, bumping her shoulder into Abe's rock hard abs. His eyes are still slightly glowing as she looks up at him, worry rolling off seeping into her pores. She brushes the back of her fingers along his jaw, tugging at his slight beard and those silver hairs that made him so sexy. He pulled her closer with his hands on her hips and she could feel a raspy purr rumbling in his chest. Standing slowly up on her tiptoes, she brushes her breasts against his body, sending a shock throughout both of them, Abe gripping her hips tighter, squeezing his fingers into her flesh. Siofra took in his sandalwood and pineapple scent, it being so exotic to her. Placing a lingering kiss to his cheek, she whispered in his ear, "I'm okay cowboy."
"I'm going up with you next time," he ground out and Siofra could feel the tension in his shoulders as she ran her hands over his collared t-shirt. She nodded and smiled up at him, releasing him to go back to the door and her back behind the bar to help Maude for a little while. She'd tell him when she was going back up, but right now she needed to cool off a little. His touch made her crazy.
Up in the Velvet room, Kalevi sat in one of the oversized leather chairs, with his handkerchief up to his nose. The little mutt's blood was intoxicating, the magic lingering in his nose long after he had inhaled. His eyes rolled back every time he took a deep breath in, reveling in the wildness of her blood, marveling at the slight dark edge it had. His Master, Amadeo, would be so pleased with him.
"Brother," Eeva interrupted his musings, wiping her face with her sleeve, cleaning the fresh blood off and pushing the drunk woman from her lap. "It's her, is it not?" She crossed the room in the blink of an eye, taking the offered handkerchief and placing it under her nose. Kalevi loved the way his sister's eyes went wide at the whiff of magic in the blood, taking the bloody rag back and folding it nicely, placing it in his briefcase.
"Indeed it is sister," he grinned pulling the drunk brunette onto his lap. His gaze quieted her giggles as he cleared her mind and made her totally compliant. Leaning her back exposing her neck, he brushed her hair from her face, getting her to release a small moan as his fingertips caressed her neck and lightly exposed chest. She wasn't half as beautiful as the mutt, but she would have to do. "Amadeo will be so pleased with us," he laughed, sending Eeva a sidelong glance. He pulled the woman's motionless body up to his chest, sinking his fangs into her neck without caring about the pain she'd have in the morning.
If he let her live till the morning.



CHAPTER THREE:
September 16, 2016

Siofra yawned into her coffee cup, tapping her fingers on the outside of the warm ceramic, enjoying the steam and smell as it rose around her face. It was just around 10 a.m., and Siofra had walked down to the small Big Easy Diner from Abe's apartment. It was owned by a member of Alice's Pack, Clovis Landry and his father Cletus. Abe had left her a little while after returning home from Lucian's Place at 6 a.m, a bag packed with clothes to spend the full moon with his friend Porkchop out in the bayou. 
She leaned back, reaching in her jeans pocket to fish a wrinkled piece of paper out, holding it tight in her hand without looking at it. On the yellow piece of legal paper was a phone number, one she had gotten off of Dorthea's computer, using the internet yellow pages. Siofra sent her gaze across the half empty diner to the payphone near the bathrooms. She rolled the paper between the table and her palm, taking another sip of her hot coffee.
She missed her home. She missed her husband. She missed her sons and their food smeared faces. Her heart longed for Conall and his embrace, even Dyson crept into her thoughts, filling her mind with visions of four bodies entangled in the throes of passions, which frightened her more than a little. It made her heart race and her palms sweaty, thinking of what the men in her dreams had planned for her. 
The sky was overcast as she focused back on the here and now, starring out the window to Bourbon Street. She could see the famous Acme Oyster House Restaurant and she smiled recalling the time Abe had taken her there. They had ordered a platter of fresh oysters, Siofra trying them for the first time and Abe had almost spit his out laughing at the reaction on Siofra's face. They were slimy and cold, Siofra not expecting them to be that way. Needless to say, she never ordered them again.
A small hand on her shoulder and she is joined by vampire, Samantha Bakers, liaison between the Master Vampire of New Orleans and the Big Easy Pack. Siofra smiles at the cute two hundred year old woman, her brown hair braided in pigtails on either side of her pale face. Her short curvy stature was always clothed in high end, well-fitting suits. She loved to look good because when she was human she had lived in poverty. 
She had been changed in 1801 by Crawford Butin, when he was just another vampire wondering the world. She had been a newlywed western frontier woman, following her husband and his family as they moved from Maryland to Salt Lake City, Utah to try and find some fortune. They had lived in a small dirt floor cabin, tending to cows, sheep and horses. Her husband had been a harsh man and one night she had had enough, knocking him out cold with a cast iron pan and running into the woods, where Crawford had found her crying. He had promised her power and everlasting life, Samantha excepting it and never looking back.
“You okay Fry?” she said, her fingers resting on Siofra’s forearm strung across the booth table. The two had become quick friends, the vampire spending nights wandering the streets of New Orleans with the broken wolf when Abe was working. She could relate to some of the emotions that Siofra went through, feeling broken down and not knowing what to do, if it was right or wrong. Her human husband had made her feel that way since their wedding day, with his yelling, drinking and affairs. A small smile crept across her face recalling his screaming form when she had returned months after being changed by Crawford to exact some revenge. He had deserved everything she had dished out.
“Yeah, just thinking,” Siofra sighed, looking over to the pay phone again, getting Samantha to follow her gaze. Sam just tapped her on the arm, fishing in her purse for some quarters and placing them in Siofra’s palm.
“Go,” she nodded to the phone, “let someone know you’re okay.” She smiled at Siofra, nodding to the waitress to come over as Siofra got to her feet, the quarters and piece of paper in either hand.
She took a deep breath, crossing the room in slow tired steps. The heels she had worn last night had destroyed her calf muscles and she made a mental note to stop at the pharmacy down the street to get some Epsom salts. Reaching the pay phone she places the quarters and paper on the slight shelf, picking the receiver up and hearing the dial tone. Her nerves welled inside of her making her hand shake and she stared at the number buttons, zoning out to the buzz of the dial tone. 
The number she had looked up on Dorthea’s computer was for a department store in Miles City, Montana. The same store that Nikki Sparks worked at. Nikki had become a fast friend, the two women bonding in therapy sessions and going through some heavy stuff with the Elves back a couple of months ago. She hopefully still worked at the clothing store and Siofra began to punch in the numbers. She held her breath as it rang, looking back across the diner to see that Samantha was still sitting there, sipping at a coffee cup filled with warm synthetic blood.
“Thank you for calling Cole’s clothing, how can I help you?” a cheery female voice jumped through the receiver, causing Siofra to pause in her answer. She almost forgot who she was calling for, but clearing her throat she found her voice.
“Is Nikki Sparks there today?” she said meekly, tapping her fingers on the little shelf where the paper was sitting. She still hadn’t exactly worked out what she was going to say. “Oh hey Nikki, yeah I’m good. Oh you know I’m just chillin in the Big Easy, oh what’s that? Yeah I have found a third mate doesn’t that make me a whore oh ha-ha-ha.” Didn’t seem like a good mix for early morning conversation.
“Yup hold on a second,” the woman’s voice was replaced by holding music as Siofra took a stool from the counter and pulled it over to the phone, swiveling around on it as the blurb of music played.
“Thank you for calling Cole’s, this is Nikki, how can I help you?” the familiar voice made Siofra suck in her breath, her nerves fraying and her hands shaking. The silence stretched on for a few seconds, Siofra almost hanging up the receiver, “Hello”, Nikki’s voice echoed through the line.
“Hi, Nikki,” she almost whispered, feeling a rush of redness filling her neck and face. Now she was the one met with silence, but she could hear her friend breathing on the other end.
“Fry?!?” the squeak came through making Siofra smile, “is that you?” She could hear the happiness and sadness mix in Nikki’s voice.
“Yeah, it’s me,” she giggled slightly, “listen I don’t have much time, I just wanted to tell someone that I’m okay.”
“Where are you? When are you coming home?” the urgency in Nikki’s voice made Siofra nervous and her anxiety started to rear its head at the thought of going home. She wanted to be with her boys and her mates, but she still had a lot of pain that she needed to face in order to go home.
“I’m okay and that’s all I can say,” she whispered, “but would you do me a favor?” She swiveled around on the stool, accepting a smile from Samantha as she had the waitress pour more coffee into Siofra’s coffee cup at their booth.
“Yeah Fry, anything,” she could hear the plea in Nikki’s voice and she could imagine the woman sitting in an office on the edge of her chair, gripping the desk as she listened intently. 
“Tell Conall.... and Dyson that I love them,” she paused fighting back tears as her throat tightened, “and hug my boys for me. Tell them mommy will be home soon,”
“Roan says that,” Nikki interjected and Siofra can hear the tears in her voice, “Roan says you’ll be home soon. He says that you’re gonna take him Trick-or-Treating.”
It made Siofra laugh, tears flowing quietly down her cheeks. “Please Nikki don’t let my brother know I called,” she pleaded so that Marcus wouldn’t come knocking down doors to drag her back. She was going to go, but on her own time, when she knew it was right.
“Okay Fry,” her friend replies but Siofra can hear the hesitation in it. Nikki was torn between keeping her word and doing what she knows she would want someone to do for her should Kraze go missing. 
“Thanks Nikki,” Siofra stood from the stool, tapping her fingers on the pay phone metal, “I’ll see you soon.”
“Love ya Fry,” she said and it made more tears rim Siofra’s eyes.
“Love ya too,” she replied, hanging the receiver back in the cradle, holding onto it for a minute, letting the tears roll down her cheeks. Wiping her cheeks with her shaky hands, she turns and makes her way back to her booth, sliding in and facing a solemnly smiling Samantha Bakers. The vampire just pushed the coffee cup and plate of eggs and toast over to Siofra, knowing the she-wolf will talk when she’s ready.
They sat in comfortable silence while Siofra ate her breakfast and Sam sipped on her warmed blood. They paid and exited to the still grey sky of Bourbon Street, heading North past closed bars and nightclubs. They dipped into the small pharmacy where Siofra purchased some fresh cut flowers and the Epsom salts to soothe her aching calves and feet. She started to relate the story of her night working in the bar and her Velvet room patrons caught Sam’s attention.
“Did he happen to give you his name?” she asked as the women walked with their arms linked, weaving around the small amount of people and workers cleaning the sidewalks. Her Master hadn’t said anything about visiting vampires in the area so the story of two blonde, Viking looking club goers was intriguing. 
“I think his was Kal-kalevi, Kalini, something like that and the woman’s was Eeva,” Siofra contained a shudder at the thought of the woman’s attitude towards her. The cold stares and evil grins, the smell of fresh blood that lingered in the Velvet room still stuck with her. She gave her companion a glance as they got to the top of Abe’s apartment steps, unlocking the outside door and stepping into the mud room.
“Hmm, I’ll have to ask Crawford,” she took out her cell phone, her fingers a blur of movement as she texted her Master the info Siofra had related. She followed the she-wolf into the small one bedroom apartment and took a seat at the two person dining room table. She watched as Siofra took a plastic dish pan tub from under the sink, poured some of the Epsom salts into it and filled it with hot water. 
“You want anything?” Siofra asked as she placed the full plastic tub on the tile floor in front of the empty dining chair, seeing the vampire shake her head she sits and strips her feet of her sneakers, pulling up her sweat pant legs and slowly putting her feet into the steaming water. She sighed heavily as the heat stung her toes and ankles, but it warmed her aching muscles and it felt good.
The women sat and chatted about everything under the sun, Siofra showing the woman the clothes that she had purchased on her and Abe’s trip to Shreveport. “Where is Abe?” Sam inquires looking at the mussed bedroom sheets from where she sat, giving Siofra a raised eyebrow sending redness through the she-wolfs face.
“He’s at Porkchop’s, tonight’s the full moon,” the blush lingered on her skin, her own eyes going to the messy bedroom. “I really kissed him last night,” she all but whispered. When they had gotten home, Abe had taken a quick shower. Siofra couldn’t take her eyes off of him when he had exited the bathroom, crossing the room in a towel and she all but tackled him, knocking him to his back on the hardwood floor. Siofra had leaned down hesitantly closer to his face taking in his clean scent, his glowing hazel eyes and his rapid breath. The desire rolled off of him, making it hard to keep her senses about her. She had lightly brushed her lips on his, feeling her wolf whine and growl, wanting her to take her mate and make him hers.
She had taken his mouth in a demanding exploration of a kiss, Abe’s hands wrapping around her waist as she straddled him. He had tasted like fresh cut pineapple and his hands had roamed her back, gripping her still short clad hips pushing her core close to his already hardened need. She had pulled away from him, resting her forehead on his chin, both of their breathing heavy and irregular, whispering “I can’t,” tears running down her cheeks. Abe had kissed her again, sweetly and slowly, pulling her to her feet and taking her up into his arms, whispering, “It’s okay, I’ll wait lover,” and it had made Siofra’s heart glow. He was a good man.
“Well,” Samantha broke Siofra’s heated memory slightly slapping her hand on the table, “do you want to come and hang out with us blood suckers tonight?” She gave her friend a silly, fang bearing smile making Siofra laugh. “It’ll be fuunnn,” she waggles her eyebrows getting a snort from her friend.
“Yeah, I’ll go with ya,” she laughed swirling her feet around in the now lukewarm water. 
“Alright,” the vampire smiles, standing and smoothing out her jacket, “I’ll come get ya around eight-ish,” she made her way to the door, turning back before exiting, “dress nice.” She smiles, wiggling her fingers at Siofra as she disappeared behind the closing door.
“Oh my,” Siofra mumbled to herself, pulling her feet from the water and drying them with the dish towel from the sink. Looking out the window over the sink, across Bourbon Street, she thinks she catches sight of that blonde male vampire, staring at her intently. She meets his eyes and his gaze fills her with fear, her heart racing and her palms getting sweaty, but as a truck passes in front of her view, he disappears. 
“Nap,” she mumbles, turning and making sure the doors and windows are all locked, “I need a nap.” She was worrying herself into hallucinations. 
As she lay on the couch, she sighed, knowing she’ll be home soon with all of her mates and her sons. She drifted off fast, thoughts of her family and her pending night out with Sam dancing in her mind.



CHAPTER FOUR:
September 16, 2016
Washington D.C.~ Federal Supernatural Control and Containment Agency Headquarters
DELTA Team Leader-Marcus O’Hana’s Office

The rain dampened Marcus's lunch hour as he sat in his office, looking out the window facing east where he could see the White House. The F.S.C.C.A Headquarters was situated on 18th Street NW and G Street NW, smack dab in the middle of Washington D.C.. If Marcus looked to the south of his office, out the panoramic windows he could see the Lincoln Memorial and the Reflecting Pool, but the grey sky deterred his sightseeing for the moment. His roast beef sandwich sat half eaten, his can of Dr. Pepper going flat as he sat just thinking about nothing in particular.
The Federal Supernatural Control and Containment Agency building was sixteen stories tall, twelve above ground and four below, the building in the shape of a hexagon. When the first government elected recognized supernaturals built the building, they wanted to play off of the Pentagon, so they added a side representing their added 'abilities' as supernaturals. It was situated five blocks from George Washington University, about five blocks from the White House and kitty-corner to the World Bank. 
On the roof there was a nine hole golf course and a Olympic size swimming pool to be used at the agents leisure. The western-most side was used as personal dwellings for agents and their families. They had three and four bedroom apartments, two floor apartments for senior agents and a recreation, playground and fitness centers. Most of the agents stayed in the dwellings provided or close by, their jobs being very demanding.
Marcus O’Hana Jr.'s Delta Team occupied the entire eastern side of the building, all sixteen floors. Offices, training rooms, sparring rooms, and intelligence centers dotted the top twelve floors whereas the four basement floors had a more macabre purpose. The basement was where the holding cells for suspects and supes they detained. They had interrogation rooms, for both normal questioning and the more persuasive types, cells upon cells. At the far end, closest to the White House, was the ‘Death Chamber’, where they executed those convicted of crimes or those deemed too wild to return to society. Their morgue and forensics labs were down there as well.
Marcus’s concentration was interrupted by a sharp knock on his half open office door, whirling around in his office chair he spots one of his IT agents, Larry ‘Hobble’ Hope. “What can I do for ya Hobble?” he asks taking a long sip from his Dr. Pepper.
The twenty-something wolf was a nerd if Marcus had ever seen one. His black pants and white shirt always pressed perfectly, his tie tied just right and his hair parted and combed over slightly. He was one of the smartest men Marcus had ever had on his team, he could make a computer give him any kind of information he needed and fast. They had arrested him for hacking while he was still in high school and they had offered him a job in return for his help with a huge case. Larry had accepted because he had no family, his parents were dead and his older brother was a junkie, so the Delta Team was the only family he had.
“Got something you might wanna look at boss,” Larry hands him a piece of paper with phone numbers and call times listed on it. Marcus scans the document, noting that the call that was highlighted was made from New Orleans at about ten that morning to Miles City, Montana.
“What am I looking at?” he gives the agent a confused look, letting the paper float down onto his desk. He didn’t like being bothered with nonsense.
“The number in Miles City is the store your sister’s friend works at,” this caught Marcus’s attention. He had placed his best IT and Tracking agents on phone taps, looking for any connection to anyone in Siofra’s life since the night she disappeared. He shook his head slightly, double checking that the paper before him said the call originated in New Orleans, because he had led a search team down there himself not long after Siofra had taken off. They had searched Dorthea Petit’s club, her home and the homes of the closest members of her Pack, finding nothing, not even Siofra’s scent. “Nikki Sparks, I believe her name is, and well we got the recording and it was definitely Siofra” Larry continues.
“Yeah,” Marcus whips out his cell phone, shooting a text to both of his newest agents, “tell me you already traced it?” He looks up to the young wolf and is happy to see a smile creep across his face. He almost jumped from his chair, clapping the agent on the shoulder with a smile. “Good job man,” he took the other paper offered by the agent and gazed down at the address. “Right on Bourbon Street…well I’ll be damned,” he picked up his vibrating phone to see the reply from his newest minions.
“Do you want me to inform the Team?” Larry asked.
“Nope,” Marcus walked with his agent to his open door, “I’ve got Roman and Ronald coming here right now, there’s no better two men for the job.”
“Newbies?” Larry laughs, shaking his head.
“Yeah, but they know my sister, and if I went I’d prolly end up throttling her before we got to Montana,” both men laugh as Larry walks back down to the elevator, disappearing from view within seconds. Marcus loved his little sister, but sometimes she could make him so mad, just like any other sibling relationship. He knew she probably had a reason for vanishing after Penton had pretty much brought her back to life at the end of the dock on their pond, but Marcus just couldn’t see leaving your family and friends high and dry with no word of where you are.
Roman and Ronald Johnson had joined the F.S.C.C.A about two weeks after the ordeal with the Elves and Siofra’s disappearance, knowing that they should make a difference with their lives and help others in need. They had gone through the extensive basic training and academic portions, passing with flying colors, being inducted into the agency only about two weeks ago. Marcus was planning on stationing them in the Miles City office when it finally got up and running.
About thirty minutes after texting them, the twins rush into Marcus’s office, freshly showered and in sweats from the gym downstairs. “What’s up boss?” Roman’s chocolate brown eyes are bright with excitement because Marcus’s text said three words, “Office. Siofra. Now”, getting the brothers to end their sparing quickly and shower fast. They missed their sister-in-law and they knew that her absence was killing their older brother, Conall, and their new Pack mate, Dyson. 
Marcus put his cell phone on his desk top, grinning at the two young wolves, “I’ve got a mission for you boys,” and his grin only got wider as the twins smiled back at him.



~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~



It had started to sprinkle slightly as Siofra peeked around the curtain in Abe's living room window. It was quarter to eight and the sky was already dark, the fall bringing shorter days, and in Montana snow would fall soon. The weather was still warm, about seventy five degrees here in New Orleans, so Siofra had dressed for her outing with the Vampires in a knee length flowy black skirt, a red lace tank top, black kitten heels and had a small black sweater to bring with her. Her hair was down and curled at the ends, her bangs pinned up to stay out of her face. She had gone a little heavy on the black eye liner and mascara, dusting the lids with a mixture of glittery brown and blue shadow.
Smoothing out the edges of the bottom of her tank, she thanks Abe mentally for buying her the clothes. She had nothing when she showed up in the rain that night and he had bought her all the necessities, and some un-necessary pieces that he had just liked on her and demanded that she buy. She doubts that he’ll hear her mental thanks because she knows he’ll be in tiger form, bounding through the swamp with Porkchop.
Subconsciously she rubs her elbow and the new scar she had acquired, given to her by Porkchop on accident. She had ridden out to Porkchop’s cabin, joking with Abe from the passenger seat of his jacked up Chevy Silverado that she didn’t believe that Porkchop was a razorback boar, let alone one that was four feet tall at the shoulder. Abe had smiled at her slyly, telling her that she wouldn’t believe her eyes at the enormous animal that Andy “Porkchop” became.
He lived out in the middle of a desolate bayou, down a one lane dirt road, his driveway marked by a single wooden post with reflectors nailed all over it. When they had pulled up they could hear the chainsaw running out by a small barn that was to the left of Porkchop’s log cabin. Siofra had marveled at the beautiful yet rustic piece of art, Abe telling her as they walked around it to the barn that the two men had built both dwellings on their own. She was telling him how when they got to Montana he should build them a barn as they rounded the corner and Siofra bumped into something tall and hard.
It was only a split second later that Siofra felt a searing pain in her elbow, her eyes seeing huge tusks cut through her flesh, her ears hearing the unmistakable sound of shifting flesh and bones. Her eyes focused on a huge black boar as she fell to her knees, her right hand cradling her bleeding elbow, its snout lowered and its enormous tusks catching the sunlight overhead. It was the first time she had gotten to see Abe shift as well, his tiger grabbing her attention as he loomed over her, his huge fangs bared and his ears back, a ground trembling roar filling the air.
Getting to her knees, Siofra got the full look at her mate, his shoulders coming up to her nose as she slowly got to her feet. His orange color was bright and vibrant, his tail sweeping behind his seven foot long body. The two Weres faced off until Siofra put her bloodied hand on Abe’s fur covered shoulder, his muscles twitching under her touch, telling him that she was okay. After shifting back, Abe had inspected her elbow scrupulously, Porkchop apologizing until he was blue in the face, making Siofra feel like a child. 
She laughed now thinking about how she had took off into the woods around Porkchop’s cabin, leading a chase that the boys quickly followed. The exercise had released the tension, the three friends collapsing into rolling laughter at the edge of the water by Porkchop’s fan boat. 
The doorbell chime broke her daydreaming, Siofra’s heels clicking lightly on the hardwood floor as she opened the door to Samantha Bakers fang bearing smile. “Hey you look good,” Sam smiled, stepping to the side so Siofra could close and lock the door.
“Thanks,” Siofra stuck her tongue out as she appraised her vampire companions attire as they descended the stone steps, heading towards a long black limo parked at the curb. Sam had on a short black skirt, knee high black stiletto boots, a black lace tank similar to Siofra’s only with silver studs down the back, and her hair was pulled into a high ponytail, showing off a studded black leather necklace around her neck. Her makeup was dark and heavy, her lips a bright red. 
The limo was empty except for the two women, pulling away from the curb and heading North on Bourbon Street. Sam poured her a glass of champagne as they drove past Lucian’s Place, the doors still closed till 9:30. A left on Ursulines Avenue took them past the New Orleans Guest House Hotel, Siofra telling Sam about how they have the best Caesar salad she has ever had, their dressing and croutons being homemade. They pass the Empress Hotel and Sam relates that if they have any important visitors come to town, that’s where Crawford puts them up, their service second to none in the area of vampires. 
After three left turns on one-way streets, the limo stops across the street from Cafe Treme on North Robertson Street. Sam slides out first reaching her hand out and grasping Siofra’s, “Come on Siofra, you can play with us tonight,” and both women giggle, walking with their arms linked, they make their way up the massive steps of a brick face building. The doors open as they hit the top step, two burly vampires in black suits smiling at them and waving them in.
Soft piano tunes meet the two women as they make their way down a candle lit hallway. Siofra takes note of the large portrait paintings hanging from each section of wall, the subject of each one being Master Vampire, Crawford Boutin. They passed colonial period ones, civil war period ones, a few with him and some of his ‘children’, including Samantha and the last one on the right before they pushed their way through two heavy velvet curtains was one of Crawford in front of a 2016 Lamborghini sports car. The Master Vampire was known for his fast cars, he owned one of NASCAR’s best ranking teams.
Siofra had to stifle her astonishment as she stepped into the ballroom, her arm still linked with Sam’s. The floor was a black marble speckled with gold and silver, the walls covered in thick red panels pulled away from the windows to let the night in. Massive chandeliers hung from the cathedral ceiling, crystals reflecting the light to bounce off of the surroundings. Round tables dotted the room, all of them draped in black table linens and adorned with lit candles and gold place settings. 
“Cherie,” Crawford’s thick French accent rolled across the room, the piano stopping when he stands from the bench, leaving a female companion to stride his tall figure across the expansive room. His long black hair is pulled into a ribbon at the back of his neck, the straight shiny strands standing out against his perfectly white collared shirt. His black dress slacks only accentuate his long legs, his six foot ten figure making it to Sam and Siofra in the blink of an eye. His amber eyes seem to glow in the candle light as he takes Siofra into a hug, lifting her feet off the floor.
“Glad to have you here,” his smooth voice fills Siofra with ease as he set her back down, “I ordered a case of Cristal especially for you.” He winks at her as he places a kiss on each of Sam’s cheeks. “Please let me have a waiter bring you a drink and take your food order,” he hands her a menu and ushers the two women to the closest table, sitting beside them himself, joined by three others.
Siofra smiled at them all, gazing down at the menu, almost losing her mind at the selection. Some of the things listed were caviar, lobster, filet mignon, and an ice cream sundae that was topped with gold dust. She took a second to look around her to see if there were other non-vampires in attendance and she noted that there indeed were at least twenty other non-undead at this party. The waiter came up to her right elbow and Siofra just gave him a confused look.
“Please bring one of everything,” Crawford told him and the man took off even when Siofra protested.
“That’s a lot Crawford, are you sure that’s okay?” She gave him a sidelong look as she sipped at her champagne. It was wonderful, smooth and bubbly. Spotting raspberries on the table as a garnish she picked a few up and plopped them in her drink, making her table guests smile.
“Please Siofra,” Crawford smiles at her taking her hand in his, “you grace my home with your presence, the least I can do is make sure you don’t leave hungry.” His smile was wide and his fangs glinted in the light, disappearing only when he placed a light kiss to Siofra’s knuckles making her blush. “Let me introduce you to some of my other children,” he nodded his head and Siofra straightened in her chair.
A blonde haired, blue eyed woman was the first to be introduced and she was Belle Trahan, Crawford’s first ‘child’. She looked about eighteen and she related to Siofra that she had been turned in 1710, that she was the daughter of a French aristocrat that was visiting the Colonies when she had met Crawford. “I don’t regret my choice when I begged for him to change me,” she says, her voice sweet and innocent.
Crawford’s next ‘child’ was his only ‘son’, Ben Tanner, a six foot six African American man who stood and kissed Siofra’s cheek before squatting down next to her chair. He had been a slave when Crawford turned him in 1790, freeing him of his servitude. He had escaped his Virginia plantation and was on the run when Crawford saved him from bounty hunters who were chasing him through some woods. His deep brown eyes were entrancing, Siofra’s focus broken by Crawford’s hand on her shoulder.
“Don’t stare too long, cherie, he’s got a tremendous gift for hypnotizing,” making all of the vampires around the table laugh. Ben stood, kissing Siofra’s cheek once more before returning to his seat to the left of Sam. 
The last table guest was a beautiful woman of Native American descent, her russet toned skin reminded Siofra of Jace Smithe, her Big Sky Pack mate. Her name was Tracie Blackcrow and she looked to be in her late twenties. "I'm of the Blackfoot Tribe," her voice was smooth and musical, her eyes a rich brown that danced in the candle light, "and I actually lived near the Pryor Mountains in Montana."
The mention of the mountains made Siofra choke slightly on her champagne, the liquid dribbling down her chin as she reached for her cloth napkin, Crawford and Samantha's hands going to tap on her back. She had more bad memories of the mountains than good, it being the place that Bronton had held her prisoner, taking advantage of her in every way possible. She waved off her table guests concerns as she coughed lightly, her hands going to rest on her lap, running up to her hips and the scars that were there from Bronton's bite marks. When the New Orleans sky filled with lightening, Siofra could swear that Bronton was near, her scars tingling and throbbing. 
“It’s very nice to meet you all,” she smiles around the table as a troop of waiters come around, their trays loaded with plates of food. Plates and plates are placed on their table, the smell and sight making her mouth water. “Please, help me eat all of this,” she looks around at her vampire companions, knowing they can eat regular food but that they choose to mainly drink blood, it being easier on their digestive system.
“No, no,” Ben chimes in, standing from his seat, “eat your fill and take the rest home for that hunk of a tiger you have.” Siofra’s face fills with a blush, the others laughing slightly.
“I tried to tame that tiger once,” Belle looks the she-wolf in the eyes and Siofra can’t help but let a little jealousy build up inside her, “but he didn’t want anything to do with me. Now I see why and I couldn’t be happier,” Belle’s blue eyes smile down at Siofra and it eases the tension, Siofra knowing she is sincere. 
Crawford and Sam sit on either side of her as she dives into lobster, bacon wrapped sirloin, mashed potatoes with gravy, chicken smothered in truffles and cheese and finally her gold dusted ice cream. Sighing heavily she smiles at her two friends, leaning back in her chair and taking a sip from her second bottle of champagne when a loud crash fills the room, everybody around her jumping to their feet in defensive stances as she spins in her seat, hesitant to get to her feet. 
Ben and Crawford step in front of her, temporarily blocking Siofra’s view of the origin of the noise, hisses and growls filling the silence. She got to her feet with Sam’s hand on her arm, peeking around Crawford to see the blonde vampire from Lucian’s Place standing in the doorway, his ice blue eyes searching the crowd, falling on Siofra. His lips parted in an evil grin, his fangs large and reflecting the candle light.
“You are not welcome here,” Crawford hissed at the intruding Kalevi, his shoulders tense and Siofra could feel his power rolling throughout the room. He was extremely powerful and Siofra could feel that little dark edge she had discovered after her ordeal with Bronton spike and jump when a new wave of the Master Vampire’s power rolled around.
Laughing, Kalevi doesn’t remove his stare from Siofra, darting his tongue up to his fangs. “I’m just here to deliver a message,” he grinned at Crawford, reaching into his black trench coat and tossing a small white envelope to the black marble floor. “Consider it delivered,” he hissed, winking and blowing a kiss at Siofra before turning and disappearing out the door in a second.
Without a word, Siofra pushed through Crawford and Ben, going to her knees on the cool marble and picking up the small white envelope. It had her name scrawled on the front in red ink. Pulling her up and swinging her into her dining chair, Crawford sits in front of her, his knees touching hers, his eyes filled with concern and questions as he stared down at her hands clasped around the thin envelope.
“Do you want me to open it for you, cherie,” he asked, placing his long fingers on her wrists, his cool touch bringing Siofra’s eyes to his. She can see the concern creasing his brow and she pushes the white paper towards him, words failing to find her. The room is silent as everyone gathers around the table with the seated Master and the shaken Were. The sound of ripping paper is the only thing for a while, Crawford’s eyes running over the small piece of lined paper he had pulled from the envelope.
“What does it say father,” Samantha chimes in, her hands on Siofra’s shoulders feeling the tension rolling throughout the woman’s body. She pulled her cell out as she saw Crawford still reading, sending a lightning fast text to Siofra’s tiger, telling him to get home, tonight.
“Potete portare volentieri, o posso prendere con la forza. E il lupo di scelta, ma so che il sangue scorrera se si lotta. Il tuo dolce miscela la maggior parte di tutti.” Crawford’s voice was like an echo rumbling through her mind as Siofra absorbed the Italian words, fear seeping into her heart making her long for Montana and the warm embrace of her husband.
“For those of us who don’t speak Italian?” Ben gave an impatient look around the room, others nodding with him. 
“You can bring yourself willingly, or I can take you by force. It’s your choice wolf,” Siofra’s voice cracked a little, a few tears spilling down her cheeks wiped away by Crawford’s cool fingers, “but know blood will flow if you fight, your sweet blend most of all.” The room was silent as the other guests looked around at each other, all waiting for someone else to be the first to speak.
Samantha’s phone vibrated signaling a message and she flipped it open to read this reply from Abe, “Get Siofra home, stay with her. I’ll be home around 11.” She knelt beside Siofra’s seated figure, wrapping her arms around her friend’s waist, hugging her tightly.
“Shit like this keeps happening to me,” Siofra mumbles, “everyone I know would be a hell of a lot better off if I was just dead,” standing she breaks Sam’s embrace, pulls her magic to her, feeling the dark edge peek and tumble with her power. She pushes through the room, Sam and Crawford hot on her heels, stopping her in the portrait filled hallway, wrapping her in a tight embrace between them.
“Party is over,” Crawford issues the order, putting his lips to Siofra’s cheek, “we will take you home.” His voice was filled with kindness and concern, breaking the walls Siofra had built up, her tears spilling down her cheeks and a sob filling her chest. She leaned into Sam’s shoulders, wrapping her arms around the vampire’s waist.
Trouble. Death. Destruction and heartache.
They always seem to find her.




CHAPTER FIVE:

The New Orleans air was still warm and filled with sprinkling rain as the limo wound its way through the half empty streets, Crawford sitting with the window half down letting the fresh air move throughout the vehicle. His arms were wrapped around Siofra, cradling her into his lap, her calmed tears soaking the collar of his shirt. His youngest 'child' sat to his left, her hands running over the she-wolf's back and shoulders.
The driver pulled the long limo to the curb in front of Abe's apartment and Crawford let out an ear piercing hiss, quickly pushing Siofra from his lap, opening and slamming the car door behind him. Siofra was confused and frightened, but those turned to rage when she spotted what had made the Master Vampire so mad. Sitting on the front stoop of Abe's apartment, grinning from ear to ear were Kalevi Aalto and his sister Eeva, their dark hooded coat clad frames rising to their feet. 
“You need to leave,” Crawford hissed, “you are not welcome here. Get your fuckin asses back to Vegas.” He took a menacing step towards Kalevi, but the Viking-like vampire didn’t flinch.
“We just wanted to make sure our Master’s package got home safely,” his grin widened as he narrowed his eyes at Siofra, still sitting in the backseat of the limo. “Wouldn’t want anything to happen to her, now would we?” Both blonde vampires let out rolling laughs, Eeva eyes locked onto Siofra’s.
The blood suckers stare enraged her and she shoved open the limo door, hopping out onto the sidewalk to stand beside Crawford. She could feel her power growing, her eyes glowing bright blue in the dim street lights. The wind kicked up around them, that dark edge peeking around Siofra’s wolf making it yip in anticipation of a fight. “Tell whoever the fuck your Master is that he’s barking up the wrong tree,” she growls, her stare still locked on Eeva’s, “tell him he can go to hell and stay there.”
Stepping within inches of Siofra’s face, Eeva’s high heeled leather boots click on the cement, her icy blue stare filling Siofra’s vision. “If Amadeo wants you, dog,” she spits out, her bright red lips only inches from Siofra’s nose, “then he’ll have you. Simple as that,” she stepped back as Samantha’s hand came across her cheek, the slapping sound filling the swirling air around them.
The blonde siblings bared their fangs, crouching to strike at the ready Crawford and Sam, Siofra pulling all the power she could sense into her making the wind around the small group grow hot. Samuella and some of the other Witches who had helped heal her had taught Siofra some things about controlling her magic, but it was still all new to her so she tried her best. In a flash and blur of movement, there were ten other vampires scattered around them, encircling Kalevi and Eeva.
“Leave now,” Crawford bit out, again, his eyes intent on Kalevi, his arm snaking around Siofra’s waist and pulling her close to him, mixing their powers together, “or I’ll kill you and send you back to your Master in a tissue box.” The vampires encircling the blonde siblings all hissed in anticipation of a fight, their fangs reflecting the meager street lamp light, teetering from foot to foot, their muscles rolling with tension and readiness. 
“We’ll be back,” Eeva issued, straightening her black jacket, not moving her gaze from Siofra’s.
“My Master will make you pay for such disrespect,” Kalevi pointed defiantly at Crawford as he began to rise off of the ground, hovering above the cement sidewalk. Siofra received a wink and a fangy grin before the two disappeared into a blur of movement headed towards the sky, three of the New Orleans vamps following them. 
Crawford swung her up into his arms, floating up the stairs and into the mud room, having one of his men unlock the doors with the keys recovered from Siofra’s small purse. He took her immediately into the bedroom, telling Sam to get her into something comfortable, and then Siofra could hear him barking out orders to fill and turn the teapot on, to bring in all of the leftover food from the limo and to find warm blankets to put on the couch so they could wait for Abe.
“Abe’s coming back,” Siofra gives Sam a wide-eyed look as the vampire helps tug a flannel nightshirt over her head. Sam just nods, pulling her hair up over the collar, handing her a washcloth and pushing Siofra towards the small bathroom in the hall.
Her heart races at the thought of Abe coming back, especially now, she could use his seemingly unwavering strength. She splashed hot water over her face, scrubbing it with the washcloth and removing her makeup, pulling her hair back into a messy bun. She pulls on a pair of Abe’s old long johns, rolling them up many times to hit her at mid-calf, before she exits the bathroom to see Crawford and Samantha sitting stoically at the small kitchen table.
She sees that his men have left the food in the fridge and even made her a cup of tea, picking up the ceramic Air Force mug, taking a long sip of the scorching hot, perfect beverage. She stopped at Crawford’s elbow, placing a sweet kiss on his cheek, seeing him smile she whispers, “Thank you.”
“You are special, cherie,” he grasps her right fingers lightly in his cool hands, bringing them to his lips and placing a light kiss to them, “and you are family to us. We protect ours down here,” his smile makes her blush as she kisses his cheek again, making her way to the blanket clad couch and curling her legs underneath her, her tea in her lap.
She didn’t even get half way through her cup of tea before Abe came crashing through the door, his hair all over the place and his eyes glowing hazel. The sudden noise had made Siofra jump a little, spilling some of the hot liquid onto her thighs, but she had no time to react as Abe’s arms encircled her waist, pulling her up against him, his nose touching hers. She could feel the rapid heave in and out as Abe’s tiger chuffed (a snorting sound that Siofra had learned most big cats make, their cheeks vibrating to make the sound) , taking in her scent, his eyes roaming her face and neck. His body heat and scent made Siofra’s eyes and head roll back, exposing her neck in a submissive nature. She let her arms and legs go limp, her body pressing up against his as he looked her over.
Seeing her expose her neck to him, Abe took advantage, placing his hand on the back of her head and bringing her face up to his, taking her lips in a feverish display. He felt her arms go around his neck, her fingers playing in his loose, shoulder length hair. He let a slow rumble fill his chest before a throat clearing pulled his attention from Siofra’s lips. She was flushed, her heart racing, desire rolling off of her in waves and she smiled sweetly at him as he ran his hand over her cheek, placing her back on her feet. Another throat clearing, this time a more impatient one and the two mates turn their reddened faces to Crawford, Sam and Andy “Porkchop”, standing in the kitchen, their faces averted, but all smiling.
“Tell me what happened,” Abe asked Crawford as he pulled Siofra down into his lap as he plopped down on to the couch. His eyes were captivating to Siofra, filled with love and desire, edged with fear for her as he ran his fingers lightly over her cheek, pushing back loose strands of hair behind her ears as Crawford relayed the altercation with Kalevi. 
“We have to take you home, lover,” he whispered as he leaned in for another kiss, lightly brushing his lips on hers. Siofra whimpered, her fingers gripping at his t-shirt both in desire and fear, suddenly not feeling ready to go home. Abe could feel the apprehension flowing through his mate, so he takes her face in his warm hands making her eyes meet his, “We’ll be okay lover, I promise.”
“No one can promise that,” Siofra whispers, her eyes locked on Abe’s, “not with me around at least.” She got up from Abe’s lap, crossing the room into the kitchen under everyone’s stare, Crawford catching her wrist as she walked past him. She couldn't meet his eyes, so she just stands there, waiting for the vampire to say something as her eyes turned glassy, fighting to keep the tears from spilling.
"Cherie", he starts to say but Siofra throws her free hand up, still not looking at him.
"I've changed in more than one way since that night," she almost whispers and Crawford releases her wrist. "They won't understand," a big tear slides down her cheek as she whips around and places her foot on Crawford's chair so her knee is at his shoulder, pulling her pant leg up and pointing to the white scars on her thighs. Lowering her leg she pulls up her shirt, reveling to the four other occupants of the room the numerous scars from bite marks over her torso, tracing her index finger on the jagged one left by the limestone dagger. "I can feel the darkness, inside, when I get angry," she meets Sam's eyes as she lowers her sleep-shirt so that it reaches her knees again, "it mingles with my wolf and it turns her eyes whitish-blue."
Abe makes a move to embrace her, but she halts him with her hand, turning to face him she continues, "I can move things," she nods her head to an empty coffee cup on the counter and as all four people watch it, it moves sharply to the right and then sharply to the left, levitating up and floating over to Siofra's outstretched hand. She can see all of their eyes are the size of saucers as she shakes the coffee cup by its handle. "I'm a monster," she whispers as more tears flow from her sad blue eyes, and Abe can't take it. He pulls her into his chest, his strong arms surrounding her, burying her face in his shirt.
"You're not a monster," he whispers against her hair, running his hand over the back of her head and pulling out the hair tie, letting her hair fall free. He takes in her cinnamon and autumn leaves scent as Crawford stands and runs his hands over Siofra's shoulders.
"You are unique," the Master Vampire coos into her ear and Abe can feel some of the tension release from his mate's body, "and beautiful. You bring light to everything you touch. So what if not everyone understands, no one will be able to really understand what you've went through until they go through it themselves, and hopefully they never will have to." Samantha stood beside her 'father' leaning her cheek against Siofra's exposed one.
"I'll go with you if you want," she stared into Siofra's eyes as the she-wolf nodded, "I'll kill any bitch that stands in your way of happiness." Her quip gets a smile and a laugh from both Siofra and Abe, making Sam smile as well. Siofra grabbed onto her vampire friend, pulling her into a tight hug. She was unworthy of so many loving people.
"Then it's settled," Crawford almost laughs, slapping Abe on the back, "Sam will go with you, with my blessing, and may your travel be safe." He kissed Siofra on the cheek and shook both Abe and Porkchop's hand, heading for the door. "I'll send her by tomorrow, to help pack," he bares his fangs in a smile, and both vampires leave with a slight wave.
Looking from the door to Abe, Siofra realizes that she had forgotten that Porkchop was even in the room. She looked up at Abe's warm hazel eyes and she smiles, pulling him close to her again with her arms around his waist. "Porkchop is gonna go with us, if that's okay," he pulls her back and looks her in the face, "to start new."
"But your cabin," Siofra looks to Porkchop. He was a big man, six foot two and thick, but it was all brute strength, his dark hair swept back in a motion that he does all the time, moving his large hand from his forehead back over to the back of his neck. He just shrugged his massive shoulders at her, his light eyes not leaving his dirty Timberlands.
"He can sell it no problem," Abe smiled at Andy and it was the first time that the were-boar looked Siofra in the eyes, his smile wide.
"I can build another one, in Montana," his voice is raspy and rough, a reflection of his exterior, but Siofra knew he had a big heart. She smiled at him, bounding over and taking him in a hug, surprising him with a sweet kiss on the cheek.
"I know just the spot for your cabin," she tells him as she releases her hold on his neck, feeling Abe's arms snake around her waist.
"Take the couch Chop," Abe's voice is edged in darkness and Siofra knows what he wants as he pulls her backwards, a wide blush filling the face of their houseguest as he notices Abe's grin. The Were just nods with a small wave as he makes his way to the couch, shedding his boots and jacket, grabbing a blanket and plopping down with a huff on the cushion.
The bedroom door shuts in front of her, her back still against her mate's front and Siofra can't help but let her heart race. His big, warm, calloused hands roam her body over his old flannel shirt and long johns, her head lolling back against his chest. "Abe," she whispers, grabbing and staying his hands at her waist.
His breath is heavy and hot on her neck as he spins her around to face him, his hands still on her waist, lifting her up so that she sits on the edge of his old, hardwood dresser. Siofra can't help but let her hands roam his arms, finding their way to the hem of his t-shirt, her fingers exploring his perfect abs as she delved underneath it, making Abe release a low hiss of pleasure. "Why do you look so damn good in my clothes," he whispers against her neck before taking her mouth in a demanding kiss, taking everything she had to give and relishing in her taste.
Siofra couldn't hold back anymore, grabbing at his t-shirt and yanking it up over his head, breaking their kiss for a split second before tossing the garment to the floor. Abe follows her lead, taking his old flannel shirt up and over her head in one fluid movement, leaning back for a moment to appreciate her red lace pushup bra. A smirk filled his lips and Siofra wraps her legs around his hips, pulling him to her again, wincing a little against his lips when his Air Force belt buckle collides with her core, but she just pulls him closer.
Trailing her fingers lightly down his stomach, Siofra chuckles as Abe takes in a quick breath, his muscles clenching as she loops her fingers behind the buckle to pop it loose. She watches his face as she loosens his belt, pulling it free and snapping the leather with a hand grasping each end. She bites her lip at the rumble that emanates from his throat, his eyes bathing her in hazel. Making quick work of sliding his jeans and underwear down past his hips, she wiggles her butt just a little more to the edge of the dresser, rubbing the core of her long johns against his erection.
"God, you're fucking hot," he groans, hooking his thumbs into the waist band of the thermal material, lifting Siofra up at the same time as he yanks them down, leaving her barely-there lace panties in place. He loved the way she squirmed as he just looked her over, grinding his hips into her, getting a whimper from her when he wouldn't pull her free of her panties. "What do you want lover," he teases, whispering in her ear and nipping at the lobe.
"I want you," she breaths heavily into his ear, running her slightly curled fingers along his shoulders, getting a purr like sound to fill the room. Tightening her legs around his hips, she jerks him into her, whimpering, "Please," into his ear as she darts her tongue out, licking her bottom lip. She can see the desire boil over in his eyes, a feral rumble vibrating through his chest as he rips the lace panties from her hips. 
Siofra lets a small scream out as Abe thrusts into her, wrapping her legs around him tighter as he releases all of the pent up desire she had denied him. He picks her up, roughly pushing her up against the wall near his bed, not missing a beat in his drive to send her into climax. Siofra arches her back as much as she can, matching his thrusts as she feels that familiar build of heat in her stomach. She can feel her canines elongate as white stars fill her eyes, her scream of passion muffled as she latches her mouth around the crook of his neck, biting down and savoring the taste of his blood.
Abe grunts, both from his release and the slight pain from Siofra's teeth, as he slams their connected bodies onto the bed. Siofra releases his neck, licking the slight wounds, gazing up at Abe as he looks down at her, his right hand brushing against her cheek. Her canines were still showing as she rolls her head to the side, exposing the left side of her neck to him. Moving his hands to behind her shoulders, he kisses the crux of her neck lightly, grazing his teeth on the tender flesh as he feels her core tighten around him, her hips gripping him to her. Thrusting into her hard, he bites down on her flesh, loving the taste of her blood and the feel of their shared second release as he releases a roaring purr into her body.
Collapsing on top of her, Abe feels Siofra's arms go around his back under his armpits, holding him tight to her as he laps at the already healing marking wounds. Rolling onto his back, he pulls her tight to his side, his finger under her chin to look in her eyes. There is a tear sliding down her cheek and Abe wipes it away with his thumb, concern furrowing his brow. "Did I hurt you lover," his voice is full of hurt as he pulls her up to be face to face with him.
"No," she whispers, taking his lips lightly, kissing him sweetly, "I'm perfect." She caresses his face, rubbing her fingers through his graying stubble and smiles giddily at him. "You're mine, Abraham Turner," she whispers against his lips.
"And," he grasps her face, kissing her wildly till they are both out of breath, "Siofra Johnson, you are mine," he huffs out. Settling in with her head in the crux of his arm, Siofra drapes her leg over Abe's waist, taking in his sandalwood and pineapple scent, laced with their desire. 
She would be home in Montana soon, with all of her mates with her, surrounding her with love. She fell into a deep sleep thinking about the three men in her life and about her sons. Their laughter filled her with happiness and she smiled into Abe's side.




CHAPTER SIX:

September 17, 2016

Roman and Ronald sat in their agency issued black Dodge Charger SRT8 Super Bee, parked along the curb on Bourbon Street just down from the address Dorthea Petit had given them after questioning her about Siofra earlier this morning. Roman tossed the last piece of powdered doughnut into his mouth as he peered in the rearview mirror to see their coworkers parked a few cars behind them, their black Escalades standing out like sore thumbs on the narrow New Orleans streets. He makes eye contact with a new agent who graduated with Ronald and him, sending a mocking middle finger into the backseat and smiling at him, Roman laughs when the gesture is returned.
"Well," Ronald sighs into his coffee cup, taking a sip and wincing at the cold liquid, "let’s get this over with." He nods at Roman and the twins emerge from the sedan, nodding for their fellow agents to follow at a distance. They are both clad in black suits, their jackets open so that their white shirts and badges at their waists are visible as they walk the few hundred feet down the sidewalk.
Up the cement steps, they both pause before knocking, noticing Siofra's scent is strong coming from inside. Roman's chocolate brown eyes go wide as he nods for Ron to knock, both of their hearts racing. Ronald's knuckles rap hard four times, the sound echoing into the mud room beyond, the twins sharing a look as they hear Siofra's voice laughing, coming to the door.
"How can I hel..." her question is halted as her sky blue eyes meet those oh-so familiar faces staring back at her, the twins at a loss for words. Siofra grasps at her chest, her heart threatening to beat right out of it and her eyes spill over at the sight of her brothers-in-law. Her mouth is agape when a taller man comes into view behind her, his smile fading as he sees the twins. His hands go to Siofra's shoulders and Roman and Ronald stand at attention, their nostrils flaring taking in the tigers scent.
"Problem?" the man's voice is deep and smooth, casting a sense of ease over the twins. Their shoulders relax as they look at each other searching for the words to begin, but before they can Siofra wraps her arms around their necks, pulling them to either side of her face, her tears sliding down onto the collars of their suit coats. They each instinctively wrap an arm around her waist, lifting her up hugging her to them, taking in her scent.
"God," she mumbles into their hair enjoying their earthy scents, "am I glad to see you." She releases them and they set her carefully back in the doorway. She inspects their clothing, eyeing their badges as her gaze goes wide, "Marcus sent you," she almost whispers, looking to Ronald's light green eyes.
"We're here to bring you home Fry," Ron replies giving her a half a smile, his gaze falling on the man standing to her back. "Who?" he asks, nodding his chin in Abe's direction, giving Roman a sidelong glance.
"Abraham Turner," Abe offers his hand in a shake over Siofra's shoulder and both twins oblige, their moods lightening at the tigers touch. They know who he is now, because it's almost the same feeling Dyson gives them when he is around. A wide smirk fills both of their faces.
"Wait till Connie meets you," Roman smiles, looking to his feet, getting a swat on the arm from Siofra. He laughs, nervously, looking back to his sister-in-law but his stare is captured by a woman peeking around the corner of the doorframe from the apartment. He can tell she's a vampire, but he can't keep his eyes from her face. Her brown hair swept up into a high ponytail, her light eyes peering out at him, her red lips beckoning to him even through the distance.
Siofra follows his gaze, a smile finding her lips as Samantha comes up behind her and Abe. "I was just packing," she says turning back to the twins, "are you guys alone?" That was a stupid question, but she asked it anyways, following their points and seeing four Escalades parked down the street, men in black suits lining either sidewalk.
"Well give us a little while and we'll be ready," she touches Ronald's arm and they both smile, the bond between them still strong as ever. 
"We?" Roman asks, his eyes still not moving from Samantha's figure. 
"Well," Siofra nodded around her, "me, Abe, Sam, and Porkchop," she pointed around her.
"Porkchop?!?" the voice came from the middle finger receiver from earlier, Agent Ulner, down on the sidewalk at the bottom of the steps. His tone and volume drew Andy from the apartment, his big bulky figure pushing Siofra outside to stand with the twins. The young agent scoffs at the man and Siofra can sense Andy's anger boiling.
"Got a problem," Porkchop throws his head back, taking in the agents scent, "doggie?" He laughs, the low rumble filling the distance between him and Agent Ulner. Siofra could see the tension burst in the man, quickly stepping in front of Porkchop between the twins, she throws her hands up forcing her newfound power out as the young Agent bounds up the steps, stopping him dead in his tracks.
"We'll be out in a little while," she repeats, looking to both twins, releasing Ulner from her hold as soon as they have his arms. Roman and Ronald nod to her, giving her a wink, watching her and her companions file back into the apartment shutting the door behind them. 
They hurriedly carry their colleague down the street by his armpits, throwing his back against the first parked Escalade. “Calm yourself,” Ronald warned, his light green eyes edged in glow, “or you’ll go back to D.C. in an ambulance.”
Ulner shook the twins off, fixing his jacket and pants. “I’ll kick his ass for calling me a dog,” he bit out, spitting on the wet sidewalk. He was a coyote, and a proud one at that, coming from a New Mexico family who had roamed the desert for generations. He had joined the F.S.C.C.A. like his father before him, and his father before him and so on and so forth. 
“Just chill man,” Roman leans his butt on the back passenger door of his Charger, looking down the street to the stone steps. He still couldn’t get that vampire’s face out of his head, his wolf standing at full attention now, making his hands tremble in excitement. 
His twin notices, leaning on the car next to him, “What’s up?” he asks. He can feel the excitement and apprehension coming from his twin as if it was his own. He had felt Roman’s eyes on the vampire as they stood on the stoop, but he couldn’t decipher the feelings his brother was going through. 
“I’m not sure,” he says to Ronald, meeting his twins green eyes. It was the truth and he could see that Ron believed him, slapping him on the shoulder and just shaking his head. They got into the Charger, this time Ronald in the driver’s seat and Roman riding shotgun, waiting for Siofra and her gang to emerge.
Siofra shoved her clothes into an old duffel bag Abe had handed her, Sam helping her to empty her half of his dresser in the bedroom as Abe and Porkchop packed boxes out in the living room with Abe’s pictures and other important belongings. Abe had gone out and backed his jacked up Silverado onto the sidewalk, the tailgate down so that they could load things in the bed right off of the steps. He was leaving the furniture and most of the utensils and small appliances knowing he wasn’t going to need them in Montana. 
Siofra emerged from the bedroom, the duffle stuffed and slung over her shoulder, “Ready,” she asks the men as they tape up the last four boxes. Looking around the kitchen and living room, Abe assesses that he has all of the important items like his service papers, medals and pictures.
“I think so,” he nods picking up two boxes as Porkchop grabbed the other two. They deposit them in the bed of the truck, Porkchop bounding down the street to pull his Jeep Wrangler up that had Abe’s 1973 Plymouth Barracuda on a trailer behind it. The classic car was lime green with a black roof and stripe down the sides, it had a 426 cubic inch Hemi V8 engine with a shaker hood. Abe and Porkchop had rebuilt it and painted it themselves, in between building his cabin in the last five years. It was Abe’s pride and joy.
As his forest green Jeep Wrangler rumbled to the curb, Siofra spotted the boxes filling the backseat with Porkchop’s sparse belongings. She guessed it was mostly clothes and tools, the man not tending to indulge in vanity things. Samantha was riding with him, her belongings packed into the bed of Abe’s Silverado and she hugs Siofra tight before climbing into the passenger seat of the Jeep.
“One last look around,” Abe asks her and she takes his hand, following him up the steps for the last time. She took in the hardwood smell as they entered the mud room, still grasping Abe’s hand as they enter the living room. As she looks around she remembers all the days she spent laying on the couch in a stupor when Abe was at work, the nights she spent screaming as Abe held her close, and the nights they stayed up till the sun peeked in the East just talking about everything and nothing. Tears filled her eyes, anxiety filling her heart and Abe pulls her into his chest, hugging her tight and kissing the top of her head, “We’ll be okay, lover. They’ll love me,” he smirks as she turns her face up to him, “I mean come on, who doesn’t?”
She laughs at him, playfully punching him in the chest as they exit, locking all of the doors behind them, coming face to face with Roman and Ronald at the bottom of the steps. “Siofra is gonna ride with me,” Ronald said, nodding to his Charger, “and Roman is gonna ride with you.”
Abe and Siofra look at each other, then at the twins with quizzical looks on their faces. Roman waves his hand in the air, “Protocol,” he says as he shrugs his shoulders. Abe squeezes Siofra’s hand, pulling her to him again.
She rises up on her tiptoes, running her index finger along his graying stubble filled jaw line. “It’s okay,” she whispers, placing a light kiss on his lips, “you’ll be right behind me.” She ran her hand along his chest as she backed away from him, his fingers trying to grip onto hers as she pulled away. She didn’t lose eye contact with him when she reached into the passenger seat of his truck, pulling her purse and bottle of water out and heading over to the Charger.
Winking at him as she slides into the leather seats of the government issued sports car, Siofra looks over to Ronald as he revs up the engine. “You’ll make sure they stay behind us?”
“As long as they can keep up,” he grins at her, flooring the accelerator and squealing the tires, sending smoke up around the spinning tires. It gets a smile out of Siofra, but it’s a strained one and Ronald reaches for her hand, squeezing it and giving her a sideways smile as he merges onto the I-55 N. As soon as they hit the interstate, the vehicles turned on their blue and red flashers, Siofra spying one on the dash of Abe’s truck following close behind them. Seeing her gaze, Ronald smirks, “Roman had a feeling you’d be bringing friends back,” and she just smiles at him. They knew her well.
They raced along the interstate at around one hundred miles per hour. Before she knew it, Siofra was waking up and they had been on the road for eight hours, it being about ten after five as she rubs her eyes, seeing that they are pulling into a gas station-restaurant. She didn’t even remember falling asleep.
“Have a good nap?” Ronald smirks, rubbing her shoulder as he pulls the Charger into a parking space near the rear of the parking lot, watching in the rearview as the other vehicles followed suit.
“Where are we,” she asks, sleep still heavy in her voice. She reaches for her water bottle, loosening the cap to the car floorboard and taking a long drink. She must have been sleeping with her mouth open because it’s dry, the water making her cough a little bit.
“Kansas City, Missouri,” Ronald replies as he opens the door, motioning for her to do the same. Siofra yawned, stretching her arms out to grip the door handle and shoving the door open. She stretched her legs out, pulling her tall, flat bottom boots from the backseat, tucking her skinny jean pant leg in as she pulls them on her feet. She senses Abe before she sees him, his anxiety rolling to nip at her feet as she stood from the Charger’s passenger seat, reaching her hands to the sky.
He wraps his arms around her waist, pulling her up and swinging her around kissing her cheek. “Did you have a good nap, lover?” he chuckles into her ear. 
“Come on,” Roman yells to them from the front door of the diner, “let’s get something to eat.” Siofra leans her head on Abe’s arm as he grasps her hand, interlacing their fingers.
She isn’t very hungry so when they sit and the waitress comes around Siofra just orders coffee, getting high eyebrow looks from everyone around the grouped together tables. She tells Abe that she’ll just have a little of whatever he’s having, which makes him feel better. She giggles as she listens to the Agents and Porkchop order three or four of pretty much everything on the menu, sending the waitress huffing back into the kitchen. 
Porkchop is on Siofra’s left, Abe on her right and Sam sitting across from her, giving her a weird look. She sees her vampire friend has something to say, so she stands excusing herself to the bathroom, knowing Sam will follow behind soon. Siofra waits for her friend, her butt up against the sink in the restroom when Sam walks through the door, shutting it fast and locking it. She slides onto the countertop, pulling her phone from her pocket.
“Crawford sent me this,” she all but whispers, holding her phone out so that Siofra can see her scrolling through the messages on the iPhone screen. She stops on one with a picture attached and her long red nails click on it, enlarging it so that Siofra can see the picture.
“Oh God,” she clasps her hand to her mouth, taking the phone from Sam’s hand to get a better look. It was the employee entrance for Lucian’s Place, but the alley and doorway were smeared with blood, a dead wolf sitting in front of the door, it’s head sitting on the door handle. She gags thinking about the poor animal as she reads the words scrolled in blood, “TU SEI MIA,” and she looks to Sam. “You are mine,” she says with a questioning tone.
“Crawford said he could smell Kalevi all over the dead wolf,” Sam’s anger is evident, her grip on Siofra’s wrist tightening. She wished she was there so she could help track down the blonde son-of-a-bitch. Siofra pulled her down from the counter, the iPhone still in her hand, unlocking the door and pulling Sam behind her as they cross the busy diner.
The boys are already diving into the mounds of food, their laughter filling the entire diner as the two women round the small divider wall, Siofra grabbing Ronald by the shoulder and swinging his attention from the table to the screen thrust in front of his face. “Give me your phone,” she demanded holding her free hand out and Ronald hands her his Droid, taking the iPhone to get a better look at the image she was showing him.
Scrolling through his contacts, Siofra clicks on BOSS, putting it to her ear as the ringing starts. She hadn’t noticed that she was pacing till Abe’s hand are on her elbows, pulling her down into his lap. “Newbie, what do you got for me?” her oldest brother’s voice rolls through the phone.
“Junior,” her voice is shaky saying the nickname she had called him since she was old enough to talk. The silence on the other end scared her and she repeated, “Junior?”
“Sissy what’s wrong,” an edge to her brother’s voice rang in her ears and her eyes rimmed with tears immediately. She could feel his anxiety and she could hear him quietly issuing orders to people around him.
“Get a Team to New Orleans, NOW,” she bites out and tears rolls down her cheeks. She wouldn’t be able to deal with it if something happened to Dorthea or Alice because of her. “Protect the Big Easy Pack,” her brother tried to interject, but she raised her voice into an emotional yell, her voice cracking, “Marcus, DON’T. I told them to lie, I made them hide me, don’t blame them for my mistakes........please,” she choked out the last word, tears rolling down her face, dripping onto her grey hooded knit vest.
“Okay,” Marcus almost whispered, the hurt in his voice making Siofra hold in a sob, and it hurt her brother hearing her pain, “I’ll send a Team. Let me talk to one of the twins,” he paused and then cleared his throat. “Sissy?”
“Yeah, Junior?” she stood, wiping the tears away with the sleeve of her black shirt.
“I’m glad you’re okay and I love you,” her big brother’s voice cracked, the way it always did when he was being mushy. If he was here, Siofra would run and wrap her arms wound his thick neck, burying her face in his broad, strong shoulders the way she use to when she had had a fight with Kyle in high school. 
“Love you too, big bro,” she smiled as she heard his laugh, handing the phone to Ronald, taking Sam’s phone in exchange. She made it back to Abe’s lap, showing him and Porkchop the photo, letting them take the phone from her grasp as she sank into his warm chest. She didn’t know how anything could feel better than this, but she knew that when she had all of her mates around her, it was going to be like this times three. She had met with a multiple mate family out in the bayou and the woman had told her that at first the sensations and emotions were a little overwhelming, but that it was never enough after that to just have one mate by her side. This scared Siofra, but she knew her men would love her no matter what, so she snuggled deeper into Abe’s chest, listening to the conversations going on around her.
Around six, the Agents pack up their left over food, pay their bill and file out, with their guests in tow. Abe hugged her tightly as they stood beside the Charger, kissing her forehead he left her to get into his Chevy, Siofra slumping down into the leather passenger seat beside Ronald. “We’ll be home soon,” he says, patting her hand as he pulls the car back towards I-70 W. Siofra smiles at his touch, his warmth filling her and making her feel like they’re back in the Pryor Mountain pass with Siobhan and Kade, spending their days lounging by the seeing pool and running through the fields with the wild horses.
Before she knows it, Siofra is sleeping again, this time dreaming wildly. She is in her wolf form, bounding through the woods behind her and Conall’s home, her husband hot on her heels. She’s running for all she’s worth, the game of chase making her blood race when she spots Dyson’s Berserker form keeping step with her to her left, his form a massive grey streak through the trees. She pushes on, her muscles burning and her tongue lolling out when she hears a loud roar, pulling her attention to her right she sees Abe’s bright orange color flashing in between the trees, making her push her legs even harder. 
She raced over the stream, splashing up it as she followed it to the old tractor road at the very edge of their property. She leaped over the grooved road only to be tackled in midair by a flying mass. She hit the ground, spinning and leaping back to her feet to face her attacker, noticing a brown wolf about her size staring back at her, baring it’s teeth in a growl. She was so focused on the wolf that she barely felt the cold hands gripping her neck, pushing her to the ground and the magic pulsing through them, making her change painfully back to human form. The hands forced her to swivel her head to look up at him and she screamed at the sight.
For some reason she knew this man was the dreaded Amadeo, Master Vampire of Las Vegas. His eyes were an eerie glowing hazel as he grinned down at her, his fangs on full display. She screamed and thrashed to get free from his grip, but his laugh filled her ears, raising her terror level to a boiling point. He pushed down on her neck, causing her screams to come out in chokes as he lowered himself to let his lips graze her skin.
“You smell soooo good,” his whisper comes out in a hiss, his Italian accent edging his words. She can feel his fangs grazing her skin, his lips moving against her neck. “I bet you taste even better,” his hazel eyes met hers, showing off the feral intent as his fangs elongate to a frightening length. He snaps his head forward, sinking his fangs into her flesh, her scream of pain waking her from her dream.
She was covered in sweat.
Her scream was still echoing off the interior of the Charger, causing Ronald to slam on the brakes, pulling to the side of the darkened interstate. She saw Amadeo’s smiling face flash before her in the windshield, his dark hair slicked back and his fangs dripping with her blood. She grips her face in her clammy hands, letting another scream roll out.




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~



The Las Vegas night was aglow as usual as Amadeo DeSantis stood starring out of his massive penthouse window. A grin was on his lips as the echoes of that tasty she-wolf screams rumbled in his head, her blue eyes crying at the sight of him. Her smell lingered in his nose as he closed his eyes, reliving the taste of her blood in his mouth.
"Did it work father?" the stone cold voice of Kalevi Aalto breaks his quiet musing, Amadeo turning to face his children all sitting around the living area, snacking on some very drunk college girls. The slow smile that creeps across his lips lets Kalevi know that their plan had worked. That night in the club, when he had made it so that Siofra had shattered the glass in his hand, cutting her own, the handkerchief he had produced had Amadeo's blood on it. When Kalevi had wiped the she-wolf's cut, he had mingled his Master's blood with hers, creating a psychic link between the two.
Many Master Vampires maintained this link with their children, to know if they were in trouble, they could easily find them. Most of the time they had their children drink their blood on a regular basis, to keep the link strong, but with a vampire as powerful as Amadeo, you only needed a single drop and the link could last for months, even years.
Amadeo's attention snapped back to Siofra, spotting one of Crawford's children pulling her from the vehicle she was in, turning in anger he back hands Kalevi, sending the blonde man sailing across the expansive penthouse living room. Hisses of shock and fear meet his ears from his other children, Kalevi sitting up with a shocked expression.
"You didn't tell me that Crawford's daughter had left with her," he screamed launching himself across the room to have his feet land on the chest of his Viking 'child', pinning him to the floor. He hissed in Kalevi's face, his fangs on full display and at full length, being over four inches long. "Sei un idiota."
"Master, please," Kalevi's normal cold attitude was replaced by that of a begging boy, pleading with his 'father', "I didn't know."
"Why didn't you know," the ancient vampire hissed, his long, pointed nails tracing an X over Kalevi's eyes. "You are my tracker, you're supposed to know everything!"
"I'm…I'm...I'm sorry Master," he whines, the fear in his eyes feeding Amadeo's rage. He releases the Viking, throwing his head to the floor so that it bounces off the marble, leaving a large crack in the gold and cream tile. 
"Go get the Bokan woman and her pet," he roared into the room, "bring them here!" All of his children stood, leaving their snacks and disappearing out the door in a blur of movement. "Cazzo inutile," Amadeo mumbled as he threw himself down into one of the antique high-back chairs, pulling a still woozy blonde girl onto his lap, "fucking worthless, every one of them." He sank his fangs into the girl’s thigh, drawing from her femoral artery, laughing to himself at her screams.



CHAPTER SEVEN:

September 18, 2016

Siofra was jolted awake by a sharp pain in her head, opening her eyes to see that she was in the backseat of the Charger cradled in Sam's arms. She rubbed her forehead with her free left arm, stirring her vampire friend awake, "Don't move too much," Sam tries to whisper, her voice scratchy, getting the attention of Ronald in the driver’s seat.
"You need me to pull over Fry," he asks and she can see the concern on his face in the mirror, but she just shakes her head, which sends a wave of nausea throughout her body. She straightens her back, pulling her right arm from Sam's lap she feels like her wrist is going to throb right off her body.
"What the hell," she mumbles, bringing her right wrist to her face to try and see it in the passing lights of the freeway. She almost loses what little contents are in her stomach when she sees the two tiny puncture wounds, still red and bleeding slightly, and she gives Sam a horrified look. "What the FUCK?"
"Let me explain," Sam tries to reach out and calm her, but Siofra sinks closer to the door. "You don't remember?" She cocks her head to the side waiting for Siofra to reply and finally the she-wolf shakes her head, a confused look creasing her brow. "You had a nightmare," was all it took for the frightening face to return, Siofra jumping, banging her head off of the window.
She remembered now, the whole Amadeo nightmare where she awoke screaming in the passenger seat, seeing his face grinning at her from the windshield. Ronald had pulled over to the side of the road, everyone following behind him. He had jumped out beckoning for Abe and Sam to come help him. As soon as Sam had exited Porkchop's Jeep, she could hear her friend’s screams, rushing to the door and flinging it open, pulling Siofra to the wet pavement.
She didn't even have to ask what was plaguing Siofra, she could smell another vamp all over her. She knew right away that blonde bastard had somehow gotten some of his Master's blood in Siofra, because Sam had known Amadeo well at one time. The Master Vampire’s scent was all over her, the nightmare bringing it to the forefront, and Sam knew there was only one solution to help her friend. She had pulled Abe down beside her, told him to hold onto Siofra tightly and Sam had taken her right wrist, telling Abe to trust her.
She needed to get Amadeo’s blood out of Siofra’s system and the whole “sucking the venom from the wound” method was the only way. She sank her fangs into Siofra’s wrist, her eyes tearing at the sound of her friend’s cry of pain. Sam had to keep her whit about her, not having drawn from a living source in over fifty years. Siofra’s warm, pink flesh with the constant sound of her heart beating was tempting, almost too much so. She could feel Amadeo’s vile blood trickling out with Siofra’s, filling her senses. Her friend's blood was wild with magic and it tastes like apple pie, the smell and taste making Sam's mouth water even more. At the moment when she knew it was either stop or not turn back, Sam threw Siofra’s wrist from her mouth, staring at her motionless friend, fear finding her heart. Frantically searching Siofra’s neck for a pulse, she is relieved when she finds it strong and normal.
“You bit me,” Siofra whispered, giving her friend a sidelong glance, “you tried to draw it out, the blood.....his blood.” She looked out the front windshield, noting that they were on a more secluded section of interstate she asks, “Where are we? What time is it?”
“We’re bout two hours from home, in Wyoming and it’s about five a.m.,” Ronald reaches back and hands Siofra a water bottle which she gladly takes, and he grips her fingers as they meet his. “Almost home,” he says in a low voice, his eyes on hers in the rearview mirror. They would make it to Broadus at about seven, right as Conall would be leaving for work.
“Have you talked to Connie,” she asks him after taking a long drink from her water, handing it to Sam to share.
“No,” Ron shakes his head, “I figured it could be a surprise. Plus my parents are having a huge anniversary party tonight, so it’ll be a good time for Abe to meet his new Pack.”
“Yeah,” Siofra all but whispers, and feeling her friend’s apprehension Sam grasps her hand, squeezing it for support. Siofra pulled her right wrist up again, inspecting it and seeing that it had healed more, she squeezes Sam’s hand back, “thanks,” she smiles.
“You would’ve done the same,” Sam says and pulls Siofra to her, resting the she-wolfs head on her shoulder. When she felt Siofra drift off to sleep again, Sam tapped on Ronald’s shoulder, “Did you talk to Marcus” she asked.
“Yeah,” Ron whispered, not wanting Siofra to wake up, “he’s sending a large Team as we speak.” His boss, Siofra’s older brother, had almost freaked on the phone when the twins had called him, telling about Siofra’s breakdown at the side of the road and how she had vampire’s blood in her system. He was on his way, with a large section of their Delta Team, to Broadus as fast as he could.
The last two hours of travel were filled with quiet conversation between Sam and Ronald, their voices trying not to wake Siofra. When their caravan of vehicles approached the Broadus Volunteer Fire Department, Ron told Sam to wake Siofra, that they were only five minutes from her house.
As soon as her eyes opened, the anxiety around Siofra's heart grew. She was home, but her heart was pounding rapidly, her mind playing that last time she was here over and over in her mind. The sound of the war horn of the Trolls, the feeling of the blood running down her legs, the pain as she drove the dagger into her rounded stomach. It all made her panic inside, gripping Sam's hands.
"It'll be okay, just calm down," Sam's voice tried to lull her, seeping into her mind and relaxing her muscles. She rubbed across Siofra's shoulders as they turned onto Moorehead Road, and Siofra let out a heavy sigh. She sees the street sign up ahead stating that they were turning onto Fifth Street, her street, and her legs started to tremble. The corn fields bare, a few stray stalks here and there, as they go over and down the slight hill were Siofra had flipped her Jeep, subsequently losing their baby girl at the hospital after. She closes her eyes, letting a lone tear fall down her cheek, some of the heaviness returning to her chest.
She can see her house, Conall's black Silverado parked in the driveway in front of the car port and a silver Dodge Ram parked next to it, flanked by a bright red Harley. She reached in front of her and gripped her fingers around the headrest of the passenger seat, her short nails digging into the black leather. The gravel crunched as Ron pulled the Charger up next to the Harley, putting it in park.
Siofra couldn't hear what he said to her, all she saw was his lips moving, because her heart beat was pounding in her ears. She was taking deep breaths in and out through her mouth to try and keep the vomit in. She could feel Sam's hands on her arms, trying to comfort her, and then Abe's strong grip circled her, pulling her to her feet into the crisp Montana air.
"It's okay lover," he whispers, brushing the loose hairs from her face, tucking them behind her ears. His crooked smile warmed her heart, and she turned to get a good look at her home. It was decorated for fall, dried corn stalks staged on either side of the door, pumpkins and gourds on the steps and brick walkway. 
"Stay here," she says, looking up to Abe's hazel eyes. She needed to go in first, alone. Abe nodded at her, kissing the top of her head and pushing her lightly on her way, knowing his confidence in her will help her steps. She wrings her hands together making her way up the brick walkway, taking in the crisp smells all around her. She paused before stepping up to the door to see if she could hear anything, sending her powers out. A smile reached her lips as she heard the twins and Roan jabbering away in the kitchen, so she sends out a message to her boys, "Mommy's home," and she reaches for the door handle, turning it and stepping inside her home for the first time in almost two months.
"Mommmmyyyyyy," the squeal meets her, Roan racing his brothers down the hallway towards her. All of their hair was still in bed-head mode, sticking up wildly while their feety pajama clad legs slip and slide on the hardwood. She drops to her knees taking in Roan's blue-grey eyes, Clyde's dark green eyes and Markie's sky blue eyes, all wide as they embrace their mother all at the same time almost knocking her over.
Siofra can't kiss them fast enough as they press their syrup smeared lips to her cheeks and lips, their little hands and arms squeezing and pulling at her shirt. "My babies," she cries, her tears hot on her skin as she takes in each of their scents. Roan's fresh cut grass and apples, Clyde's cinnamon-laced pine and Markie's earthy, dry leaves scent. Her wolf whines, the sound rolling from her throat as she showers them with more kisses.
"Love?" the deep masculine voice meets her ears, making her eyes snap up from her sons, meeting a blue jean clad Conall with a t-shirt half on, half off, obviously still in the process of getting dressed. His pine green eyes are the same, surveying her as she releases her sons to go running back into the house, standing and straightening her shirt and smoothing her jeans. 
"Connie," she all but whispers, casting her eyes to the floor, stepping slowly towards him, "can you forgi..." her statement is cut off when Conall suddenly snakes his arm around her waist, pulling her up and capturing her mouth in a demanding kiss. He was so warm, so familiar and Siofra sighed into his lips, throwing her arms around his neck, wrapping her legs around his waist. She ran her fingers through his dark hair, tugging slightly, getting a rumble to fill his chest. Their display of passion is only stopped when giggles fill the room, their sons trying to cover their faces from the sight of them kissing. Releasing her hold on his hips, Siofra lets Conall set her down, taking her mouth from his, their breathing heavy.
Grasping her face, he looks her in the eyes, "Love, don't ever do that again," he states, kissing her forehead and lips again sweetly. He wraps his arms around her shoulder and his words bring tears to her eyes. 
"I...I...I just had to le-leave," she choked out, his grip tightening around her.
"Shhh," he rubbed her back with his strong hands, "we can talk all about it later. Just be happy now," he wiped the tears from her cheeks, kissing her again on the lips before turning to their sons. Dyson stood with them, his eyes on Conall and Siofra, Markie in his arms.
His presence sent chills down Siofra's spine and she can't help but let her eyes rolls back, taking in his ocean like scent. He had black carpenter jeans on, the waist band letting his boxer briefs peek out. His naturally tanned complexion was on full display, his massive chest and arms sporting his tribal design tattoos covering his left side. His golden-yellow eyes meet Siofra's, sending a blush throughout her face and neck.
"Siofra," his voice was deep and smooth, filling her with desire for his touch. He set Markie in his highchair, crossing the room in bare feet, stopping just inches from his mate. They hadn't really touched before, accept on accident, and Dyson was nervous as hell as he reached his hand out to hers, brushing his fingers lightly on her skin as he watched her watch his movement.
His touch sent shocks throughout her body and she grabbed his hand, pulling it to her right cheek and holding it there. His hands were rough but kind as he caressed her cheek, Siofra leaning her face into every touch. He stepped closer, taking her chin in his fingers, pulling her face to his, lightly brushing his lips on hers. The heat from his body wrapped around Siofra as she pulled him closer to take her lips in a real kiss, opening her mouth to his exploration. It felt just right as she heard a growl rip through his chest, his hands roaming her back. 
"Daddy Dyson," breaks their moment, a tug on both of their pant legs. Roan stood there, his face upturned to them smiling, a piece of pancake in each hand. "Mommy come eat with us," he grins and runs back to the kitchen, making Siofra and two of her mates smile.
"Come on love," Conall wrapped his arm around her waist as Dyson took her hand, pulling her towards the kitchen, "we'll call into the garage, tell'em we'll be late."
"Well, first," Siofra says pulling the two men to a stop, "there's someone you need to meet." Her face turns red just at the notion of introducing Abe to these two men, but it has to be done. Roan races past her, pushing off of her knees with his forearm, headed for the door.
"Daddy Abe is here," he screams, "daddy Abe!!!" 




CHAPTER EIGHT:

Abe stood on the brick walkway as he heard his name being screeched by a little boy, turning his face to the door just as a toddler with auburn hair swung it open, launching himself into Abe's arms. "Well, hello," his smooth voice washed over the toddler and he realized it must be Roan as the blue-grey eyes look up at him. He could see Siofra in the boy, but also a good dose of her first boyfriend, the one who had tried to kill her. Abe and Siofra had spent many nights talking about their pasts, absorbing every little piece of each other. 
"Abe," he turns his face to Siofra in the doorway, her hand held out to him, "come on in," she smiled at him and his heart almost jumped from his chest. Roan squirmed in his arms, so Abe set him down as soon as he stepped over the threshold, shutting the door behind him. Siofra's hand squeezed his as two men stood before him, their eyes roaming his figure.
"Conall," Siofra nodded to the dark haired man, Abe noticing his green eyes and he stepped forward, taking Siofra's other hand. "Connie, this is Abe," her blue eyes met Abe's and she smiled, "Abe, this is my husband, Conall." Both men extended their hands at the same time, when their palms touched a shock of heat pulsed through their arms connected by Siofra. The three of them shut their eyes for a split second, the heat rippling through their extremities.
“It’s nice to finally meet you Abe,” Conall issued with a crooked smile on his face. “Roan has been jabbering non-stop about his tiger dad.” The statement makes Abe laugh, the sound filling the household with its deep rumble, the other three adults joining in, unable to resist.
“Dyson,” Siofra nods to the dirty blonde haired man covered in tattoos and he steps over to their little group. “Dyson this is Abe, Abe this is Dyson Killian,” Siofra takes Dyson’s free hand as him and Abe shake and the same pulse flows through them, sending a smile to all of their lips. “Wow,” she whispers more to herself but all three men chuckle, surrounding her in a hug. Conall’s arms snake around her chest under her breasts as Abe and Dyson each keep an arm, snuggling in close so that the men’s shoulders touch.
“Home,” she whispers, leaning her head back on Conall’s shoulder, “home.” She squeezes Dyson and Abe’s hands, bathing in all three of their scents as they mingled and cascaded over her. The men issue a soft rumble in unison, Siofra’s wolf returning a sweet whimper, a crooked smile caressing her lips. 
“Mmm, do you have to go to work Connie,” she whispers, leaning her face up to him, seeing his eyes on her lips. She rolled her head to the side, brushing his jaw line with her lips and nose, getting him to squeeze her tighter to him. “Can’t you stay a little longer,” she whimpers.
A strange wave of power flows from her husband, making the hair on her arms stand on end and she feels the other two men tense. She can feel Conall’s wolf jump to the fore-front, his eyes going neon green looking at the other two men. “I am the Alpha of this relationship,” his voice is a harsh whisper, but Siofra sees Abe and Dyson’s eyes glow in response, “this is my wife, my children. Should you ever hurt her or them, I will kill you,” he growled, the sound vibrating through his chest. “I care for you two, but I care for them more,” his eyes softened, “you will abide by my rules when you are in my house and the Pack’s rules when you are not. Do you swear,” he raised his face to Abe and Dyson, starring in their eyes.
“I swear,” they say in unison and the group tightens, their grips on Siofra tightening. She closed her eyes, her heart racing in the mixture of all of their powers. 
“Now if you’ll excuse us,” Conall starts to walk backwards towards the stairs, his arms still around Siofra’s middle, “my wife and I need some alone time.” Siofra caught the grins on Abe and Dyson’s faces as Conall swung her up over his shoulder caveman style. She giggled as his hands roamed her skinny jean clad backside, his fingers pinching and teasing as he almost sprinted up the stairs. She hears the familiar creak of the hinges on their bedroom door and then the click of the lock as Conall shuts it, releasing a gush of air as he tosses her down on the mattress.
He hovered over her, his weight holding her down on the bedspread. His green eyes roamed her face and throat, his fingers pulling down the collar of her shirt on the left side of her neck, spotting the fresh marking scars from Abe. He nuzzled his face into her neck, releasing a low sensual growl making Siofra wrap her legs around his waist and push up into him, grinding her hips into his. Conall pushed himself up off the mattress making quick work of his jeans and t-shirt as Siofra struggled to free herself of her vest and shirt, finally getting them off to see a smirk on Conall’s face.
“What,” she says, her voice dripping with desire.
“You’re just so damn cute,” he whispers, grabbing her ankles and pulling her back down to him so that her butt rested on the very edge of the mattress. Siofra couldn’t take her eyes off of his as he unbuttoned her jeans, pulling her legs up to remove the dark blue material. She saw his eyes move to her thighs, seeing that he noticed the white scars left by Bronton, Siofra tried to pull her legs from his hands. “No, love,” he whispered, pulling the jeans all the way free and kneeling on the carpet he placed his lips to the wide scar, “I’m so sorry,” he mumbled against her skin. “I’m so sorry I couldn’t save you.”
His lips set her skin on fire, Siofra arching her back against the mattress, a soft moan escaping her lips. Her fingers gripped his soft, dark hair as he moved his lips from her right thigh to her left, pausing over her black panties for a split second to pull at them with his teeth. Hooking his fingers into the elastic of the band, Conall pulls them down in one swift move, Siofra’s fingers tightening their grip in his hair when his lips met her apex.
“Connie,” she breathed, tugging on his hair to pull him up as his teeth grazed her swollen mound sending shivers through her body. He abandoned his assault on her, pushing them both up to the pillows as he laid his weight on top of her, his eyes bathing her in green. They looked at each other for a long moment, their hands caressing each other’s faces and shoulders, their lips meeting softly. “Connie,” she whispered, nipping at his bottom lip.
“Love,” he mumbled, thrusting his hips, driving his need into her, hearing a soft scream issued into his ear. They felt so right together, so in sync. They fit, matching one another’s moves, the pace building so that they share in their release. Turning her head to the left, Siofra exposes those white scars, his white scars, and his canines elongate.
“Connie,” she whimpered, lifting her neck up to him, “please.” Without hesitation, Conall bites down, re-opening those marking scars, her blood filling his mouth and running down his chin. He can feel her body tremble in her release, issuing a growl into her skin, Conall’s muffled grunt comes with his own release. Unlatching his mouth, he licks at the new wounds, the taste of Siofra’s blood lingering in his mouth.
Not having enough of him, Siofra pushes him onto his back, pinning his arms down and straddling him at his chest. Reaching to the clasp on her back, she unhooks her bra, throwing the black lace material to the bedroom floor, smiling at Conall’s eyes going to her exposed flesh. She leaned down, sliding her hips down his torso, loving the way his muscles tightened as she made her way to his hips. Capturing his mouth in a feverish display, she thrusts herself down onto his still hardened erection. She loved the way it felt as his hands gripped at her waist, pushing her down harder and faster, back and forth as she sat up, looking down at her husband.
“Fuck, Siofra,” she heard him mumble and she knew that he was close. Collapsing down onto his chest, Siofra rode the waves of both of their releases, issuing a muffled scream as she buried her face into his chest. She roamed her hands up his neck to his face, pulling it to hers to feel his lips on her own, his touch and tongue moving in soft, delicate strokes. 
“Do you have to leave,” she whispers, leaning her cheek on his collar bone, nuzzling his neck, “can’t we just stay in bed all day.” Conall laughed, the sound warming Siofra’s heart.
“They need me at the shop today, love,” he kissed her forehead, brushing the hair from her neck, spying his new marking scars, “I’ve got to finish a custom bike the customer is picking up at four.” He squeezed her closer, pulling his lips to her ear, “But you’ve got two men down there who have some time to make up for.”
Siofra smiled at him, running her fingers along his cheek and jaw line, giggling at the way his eyes roll back and a growl rolls out. “You’re okay with it,” she asks, a blush filling her entire body. She won’t bring her eyes to his so Conall puts his fingers under her chin.
“Of course I am,” he says with a smile, “sure it’s a little hard, but Abe and Dyson fill a spot in my heart too. Not the way they do for you, but I love them like brothers, even just meeting Abe I can feel it.” He kissed her lips lightly, pulling them both from the bed to get dressed, “They are pieces to our puzzle and as long as you're happy, I’m happy love.”
Siofra wrapped her arms around his neck, taking his lips in a heated kiss. “Thank you Connie,” she whispered against his swollen lips, “you’re one hell of a man.” He patted her on the butt as they both smiled, pulling on their clothing. Siofra pulled a tank and sweat pants from their dresser, loving the smell of their laundry detergent. 
Making their way downstairs, hands entwined, they spot Abe and Dyson sitting and eating with the boys, a smile reaching both of their lips as they notice the men’s easiness with their boys. “Alright boys,” Conall kisses the twins and Roan on the foreheads, shaking Abe and Dyson’s hands, “I’m going to work, Dyson stay here and um....get acquainted. Abe feel free to roam the property, or whatever else you feel like,” he winked at Siofra, sending a hot blush though her. 
Following him to the door, she kisses him, running her hands over his chest as he puts his leather bomber jacket on. “Love you,” he whispers.
“Love you too,” she smiles, leaning on the door as she watches him bound over the lawn and get into his truck. Sighing as he drives away and honks, she notices Porkchop’s Jeep parked on the far lawn. “Abe, where is Porkchop?”
“He went with Sam into town, with Roman and Ron,” Abe’s mouth was full of pancake, making the boys giggle at his mumbled words. Siofra just puts her hands on her hips, shaking her head at him and Dyson.
“Didn’t your mamas teach you two manners?” she jokes. The two men give her sly smiles, munching away on their breakfast.
“Mommy, mommy,” Markie was almost leaping out of his highchair, reaching his arms up to her so she picked him up, wiping his face with an offered napkin from Dyson. “Look wha I ken do,” he smiled. He gripped the sides of her face with his sticky fingers, bumping his forehead against hers and Siofra can hear him in her mind. “Mommy I ken hear wike you ken hear,” his two year old babble filled her mind and her eyes got wide, thinking if Conall knows it or not. “Daddy knows,” she heard and it made tears rim her eyes, “he say not to use it with strangwers.”
“Daddy is right, Markie,” she whispered against his cheek as she hugged him closer. She turned her teary eyes to Dyson, and he stood, quickly taking her and Markie in a hug, rubbing his hands up and down her back. “He can read minds like me,” she whispered, not trying to hide it from Abe, her voice edged with emotion. She didn’t want her children to go through the tough childhood she did having to deal with her ‘power’. 
“Yeah me and Connie found that out right after you left,” Dyson mumbled against her hair, his cheek rested on the top of her head. He hugged her shoulders, making Markie squirm in her arms. She kissed his cheek before setting him down to run through the house to the living room, the sound of blocks crashing echoing only seconds later. Abe released the other two boys from their chairs, Siofra yelling after them that baths would be soon, smiling at the squeal that filled the house as the boys reunited, with more plastic blocks crashing. 
“Clyde can move things,” Dyson said as he placed the breakfast dishes in the dishwasher, “with his mind,” he pointed to his temple. It made Siofra gasp and she sank into the closest chair, her head going to her hands to try and hide her tears. Abe’s warm hands pull her into his lap, his sandalwood scent filling her nose.
“They are strong kids,” he whispers, “I can tell that just in the last half hour,” there was a chuckle in his tone and it made Siofra release a chocking laugh, sinking her head against his chest. His hazel eyes soothed her and she wiped the tears away, getting to her feet.
“Well, how about a walk after their baths,” she asked, looking to the two men, Dyson still loading the dishwasher and wiping the table down, they both nod their heads in agreement. She went into the living room, corralling her boys with Clyde being the only screamer, his green eyes watering as she pulled him from his dump-truck. 
By the time she got all three upstairs and undressed, she had to chase Clyde back down the stairs, gathering his naked little body in her arms screaming and yelling. Abe came to her rescue laughing, taking the boy from her as she helped the other two into the large tub in the hallway bathroom. The boys all calmed in his presence and it made Siofra watch him out of the corner of her eye, wondering if it was the tiger in him or if it was the man. She smiled as he made funny hairdos on the boys with the bubbles of shampoo, getting them all to giggle.
Getting them all to stand and close their eyes, Siofra uses the detachable shower head to rinse them all off, Abe taking them out one by one, wrapping animal shaped towels around them. She kissed her boys on the cheek and patted them on their butts as they ran down the hall to their rooms to get dressed, stopping Abe’s exit with a hand on his elbow. As he turned around she took his mouth in a feverish display of all the happiness that had built within her heart in the last twenty minutes. He lifted her up onto the ledge of the sink, Siofra wrapping her legs around his waist, her fingers moving to unbutton his jeans.
Abe swung the door shut as his other hand pulled her sweat pants and panties down and off of her right leg to dangle around her left ankle. Siofra pulled his jeans and underwear down just enough to free his already hardened erection, running her fingers down the smooth skin, feeling it twitch under her touch. Abe pulled her to him with a loud purr, lifting her up and pushing her back against the closed door as he filled her to the hilt. Her core tightened around him making him grunt in her ear as he pulled in and out slowly, wanting this moment to last.
“My tiger,” Siofra whimpered in his ear, taking the lobe between her teeth. It drove Abe crazy and he quickened his pace, feeling as if he was going to pound her in half. He buried his face into her shoulder, his palms flat against the wooden door, his nails digging at the white paint as Siofra softly moaned into his ear, signaling that her release was near. Moving his hands to her hips, pulling her down hard as he thrust up, Abe rode the wave of their release as Siofra dug her fingers into his scalp. Taking her mouth, he stood there holding her, kissing her till their breathing eased to a normal pace.
“God I love you, lover,” he said as he kissed her neck and set her down, pulling up his underwear and jeans. 
“I love you too,” she smiled as she traded her sweats for a pair of jeans that were on the back of the door. Before opening the door, she kissed him lightly, keeping eye contact with him, making him grin. They opened the door to screaming, naked children running past, making them both laugh.
The three mates worked as a team to get the boys dressed in jeans, socks, shirts, sweatshirts and jackets as they readied for a trek out into the crisp Montana day. Making sure they all had boots and hats, Siofra pulled on her pair of knee high grey, flat bottom boots she had recovered from the hall closet, Dyson holding her up from falling over with his hip. She could tell that he knew Abe and her had had a quickie, she had noticed the longing in his eyes. "Ready," she asks the boys and she gets three loud squeals in reply.
They all walked as a group from the front yard headed north down their road, the boys holding hands with Roan in the middle a few feet in front of Siofra, flanked by Dyson and Abe, each grasping one of her hands. As they turned to go up their road Siofra noticed a blacked out SUV parked on the side of the road, near where she had had her accident. She keep her eyes on it as they headed in the opposite direction, sensing the occupants watching them, she pulled her mates to a stop, beckoning for Roan to stop. "Who is that?" she nodded towards the car.
"Crawford sent some slayers to follow us," Abe said, squeezing Siofra's hand, "to protect us from any stray vampires."
"Crawford employs slayers?" Siofra gives Abe a quizzical look, starting their walk again.
"Yeah," he sighed, kicking some of the yellowed leaves from his path, his brown cowboy boots scuffing against the pavement. "They're good kids. Crawford employs them to keep his brood in check. They go after 'crazy' vamps, ones who have been connected with murders and such." Siofra leaned her head on his shoulder, watching her boys kick at the leaves on the side of the road and toss little stones.
"They should come to the house and introduce themselves," Dyson stated, looking behind them and noticing that the vehicle indeed was following them, at a distance. He sees Abe and Siofra nod, pulling his attention back to their peaceful walk. The three talk about everything and nothing, Abe and Dyson learning they have more in common than they thought, both having tough childhoods and being shunned by their families. 
On their way back, Siofra breaks from her mates to chase her boys in a recently chopped corn field, turning it into an impromptu game of tag. They ran around in circles, Roan chasing after his younger brothers, Abe and Dyson joining in making the boys squeal. Roan got a little too rough, knocking Clyde over and in return Clyde used his newly found powers to make Roan go flying. Thankfully Abe was there to catch him. Siofra swept Clyde up, making him look her in the eyes. He was crying but she squeezed his cheeks lightly, making him keep eye contact with her. 
“Don’t you ever do that again,” she told him, harshness in her voice, “don’t you ever use your power to hurt someone you love.” She shook his face slightly, his cheeks still gripped between her thumb and fingers, pushing his lips into a fish face. She was angry that he would hurt his brother, her anger making tears fill her eyes. “Promise mommy you won’t ever do that again.”
“I pwomiss mommwie,” he mumbled out, his lips still pursed in a fish face. Siofra kissed his forehead, putting him back down on the ground where he ran over to Roan, taking him in a hug and said he was “sorwee”. 
Getting back onto the road, only about a mile from home, Dyson says, “Shamus has been working with the boys, to try and train them…sorta,” Siofra nodded her head, making a mental note to sit in on some of these training sessions, keeping her eye on the black SUV, now back tracking its way towards it original resting spot as they made their way home. 
After stripping the boys of their outdoor wear, Siofra gets Abe and Dyson to entertain them in the living room with blocks and cartoons while she searches the cupboards, planning lunch after an eleven o’clock nap for the boys, which would be in forty five minutes. Rough and warm hands slid up her shirt as she was filling a pot for mac and cheese at the sink, running up to her bra as she set the cookware down on the counter. The tattoos peeking out from the sleeve gave away Dyson as the culprit, Siofra leaning back into his chest.
“Not out here,” she whispers, rolling her head back, exposing the back of it to Dyson’s lips, a low growl spilling from his lips as he layered her skin with kisses. Spinning her around, Dyson lifts her up into his arms, quickly carrying her across the kitchen, through the toy room and into the small spare bedroom. Siofra can tell he’s been using this as his bedroom, his scent is all over it. He sets her down, pushing her back up against the door as he shuts it, his arms on either side of her head, yellow-golden eyes staring down at her.
“Siofra,” he whispered to her, his voice dripping in beastly need, his nose and lips hovering around her jaw “you’ve slept with Abe already?” The question shocked Siofra, but the heat from Dyson’s body was driving her wild and she started to pull off her shirt, her hands helped along the way by his.
“Yes,” she whispered, her voice heavy with need as Dyson yanked her shirt away, tossing it to the floor, removing his own in one fluid motion. Her hands wouldn’t stay still as he kissed and licked his way up from her chest to her neck, biting the edge of her chin, growls filling both of their chests. He snaked his hands up her back, entangling his fingers in her hair, pulling it tight making Siofra hiss in a breath.
“Well that wasn’t very nice,” Dyson growled out at her, turning to toss her onto the mattress. His attitude frightened Siofra a little, sitting up on her elbows she sees the glimmer in his glowing eyes, easing her mind knowing that he is just playing. So he liked it rough, that could be fun. As she watched him, he pulled his jeans and boxer briefs down, letting her examine his impressive, well-toned body. Grabbing her ankles, he all but ripped her pants from her, throwing them along with her panties to land on a chair in the corner. “Guess I’ll have to punish you for that,” he grinned slyly down at her as he pushed her knees up.
She saw his eyes go to the numerous scars over her body and she whimpered, squirming because she wanted him. She wanted him to take her, and now. He smiled at her, his hands slowly tracing a pattern along her stomach, ribs and breasts, teasing her with his touch. She arched her back into his hands, the roughness bringing her nerve endings to life. She saw a bright flicker in his eyes before he bent quickly, latching his teeth around her right breast, sending a slight scream from her lips, muffled by a hand over her mouth. He pulled at her sensitive flesh with his lips, grazing the nipple with his teeth.
Siofra bit down on his finger closest to her teeth, making Dyson growl and roll her hips to smack her ass with his free hand, sending a stinging echo through the room. She squirmed under his mouth, trying to get him to fulfill her need, but his mouth stayed at her breasts, moving from one to the other, torturing her endlessly. When he removed his hand from her mouth she let out a frustrated sigh, her hands going to the sides of his face pulling his lips from her flesh and moving them to her own, pulling his body to rest its length above hers. 
“Please,” she begged between feverish kisses, “please, Dyson, please.” She reached her hand down, wrapping it around his shaft, giving him a taste of his own medicine. When he lowered himself to her apex, she smiled against his lips, squirming her hips further away from him, making him wait. Putting his arms under her shoulders, Dyson smiled against her lips, pulling her quickly down to him to be impaled, the sudden sensation sending a feral roar through his chest and gasp through Siofra. 
He sat up on his knees, pulling Siofra up with him, his pace non-interrupted, furiously pounding into her. Siofra ran her hands along the tops of his shoulders, up his neck, into his short dirty blonde hair, tugging onto it, pulling his head back. She could feel her canines elongate, her release coming like a freight train. Releasing a loud growl she sinks her teeth into the crux of his neck, tasting his blood sending another growl vibrating off of his skin. Releasing the bite, she’s spun around to face the mattress, Dyson pulling the hair from behind her neck off to the side. He starred down at the crescent moon tattoo, his fingers lightly brushing against it.
“You are mine Siofra,” he growled, his teeth in full Berserker mode. Leaning over her back, Dyson places his teeth over her spinal cord, just below her hairline and around the tattoo, quickly snapping down and reveling in the taste of her blood. It was sweet and coppery, releasing a growl feeling her whole body relax, he almost howls in his release, collapsing to his side pulling her down with him. He licked the wounds, pulling her to snuggle in with him.
“You are mine Dyson,” she whispered, rolling over to face him, running her fingertips over his still bleeding  marks, bringing her mouth to them to lick them closed. He rumbled in her ear, his hands pulling her closer. She smiles, kissing her way from her marking scars, up his neck and jaw, across his cheek to his lips. 
They lay entwined in each other till Abe comes to check on them after putting the boys down for their nap. He helps Siofra pull on her jeans and shirt as he jokes with Dyson about how sweet her blood is, getting Siofra to slap him on the shoulder.
“I think you guys need a nap too,” she ribbed, leaving them in the room behind her.
“Not without you,” Abe yelled after her, the men’s laughter filling the hall as Siofra walked to the kitchen, a small smile caressing her lips.



CHAPTER NINE:
The Venetian Hotel
Las Vegas, Nevada

The heavy green velvet curtains were drawn, covering the massive windows in the penthouse as Shelley Bokan entered, her skin immediately prickling from the AC that was cranking, outside being over ninety degrees already. It was a little past noon and it was Las Vegas, but she still wasn't use to the chill temperature that the vamps kept, rubbing her hands up and down her arms vigorously. 
Amadeo DeSantis sat at the piano as she entered, playing a melancholy tune, not raising his eyes to greet her. He was well dressed as always, black dress shirt left unbuttoned at the top to show off his perfect chest. Black, tailor made pants, flown in from Italy. Black wing tip shoes. His shoulder length black hair was slicked back, kept out of his face with gel and not his usual ribbon or rubber band. 
Shelley sat in one of the antique high-back chairs, just watching him. His long, bony fingers moved gracefully along the keys, his eyes closed to the tune. She took the offered gin and tonic from the waiter, but she kept her eyes on the Master Vampire, smirking at the trance that he was in. He ended his song, hanging his head for a second, reaching his hand up to the top of the piano, taking the glass of blood that he had been savoring.
"Ms. Bokan," his Italian accent laced voice flowed across the room, "where is your pet?" Shelley cringed at the name that the vamps called the Inu possessed Candy. If she was here, the Spirit Shadow would rip him apart in no time. They still hadn't realized what she truly was.
"She's off gallivanting with some of her, um what do you call them... boy-toys," Shelley gave the Master a weak smile as he stood from the bench, his tall figure stretching, his ancient bones popping. In the last two months, Inu had improved her 'body', losing weight and attracting the attention of some very good looking men. Also, to the astonishment of local law enforcement, there has been a rash of unsolved murders involving single men found drained of blood, internal organs missing, and their skin turned basically to stone. Inu had a way with men, that was for sure.
"Well, I've found our mutt," he smiled, getting Shelley's full attention. Amadeo made his way to the bar, having the meek man behind it refill his glass with the remainder of last nights 'snack'. He swirled it around in his glass, wishing it was Siofra's, closing his eyes and imagining the taste of her sweet blood. His fangs descended further just thinking about it, the wild magic that filled it and the twinge of darkness. He licked his lips, returning his attention to the she-wolf in his sitting room.
"Well, have you killed her yet?" Shelley stood, approaching the vampire slowly, anxiety in her voice. Could the bitch finally be dead? Could her family have their vengeance at last? Would her baby boy Kaeton be released from that dreaded Pack's hold on him, to return to his mother. So many questions flowed through her mind, she almost jumped on the Master, begging him for answers. She saw a sly grin caress his lips, his eyes to the floor and her heart sank. This bastard was going to re-nigg on their agreement, she could feel it. 
"There's been a slight change in plans," he hissed at her, and Shelley noticed his children seemingly popping out of the woodwork. It was an ambush. "You see, little wolf, I've tasted this mutts blood," his eerie hazel eyes mocked her as his children gathered around her, "and I can't have anyone, and I mean anyone, getting in my way of having her."
"What are you going to do with me," she whispered, dropping her drink and trying to think how she was going to defend herself. There were five of them and one of her, plus she hadn't trained in months, her husband usually doing all of the dirty work.
"Oh we're not going to kill you," the Viking Kalevi hissed, his pale skin glowing in the weak light of the penthouse lamps, "you'll just be our, guest, in our special place we have set up just for you." She knew the place that he was talking about and it made her skin crawl. The vamps owned a sleazy whore house on the outskirts of Vegas, keeping the girls high and using them as blood banks not only for themselves, but for any vampire friends that happened to travel through. 
She crouched to defend herself till she saw the amber eyes of Adofo, Amadeo's headhunter. She knew she had no chance escaping and she knew that he could snap her in half, so feeling defeated, Shelley fell to her knees, letting the enormous ebony skinned man haul her up over his shoulder. Amadeo's cackle of a laugh followed her all the way to the elevator, even ruminating in her mind as she was tossed into the trunk of car.
She never thought it would end like this. I'm sorry my boys, she thought as she felt the car start up and begin to move.




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




The sky was just starting to orange as Conall pulled into his driveway, hoping out and rushing inside to see Siofra. He was greeted by the boys, hugging his knees and pulling at his jeans, all swept up into his arms giggling and laughing. "Where's mommy," he asked placing kisses on every cheek.
"In the living room," Clyde whispers, which at his age really isn't a whisper and Conall smiles at his attempt. Setting the boys down, he nods to Dyson manning the stove making the boys dinner, tip-toeing his way to the dim living room. A sweet smile crossed his lips and a tear streaked his left cheek at the sight he found. Abe sat, his head lolled back on the top of the couch, his mouth open in sleep with his arms cradling a scrunched up Siofra, held tight to his chest. She looked so peaceful, her cheek rested against Abe's chest, her hair sticking up from movement. Conall almost hated to wake them, but they had the anniversary party to get to later.
Placing a light kiss to her exposed cheek, he smiles as she stirs, her tired blue eyes meeting his. "Hi," she says with a scratchy voice, rubbing a hand over her face to brush back the hair. She smiled when she turned to see that Abe was still sleeping, holding her hands out for Conall to help her up. Stretching her hands up to the ceiling, Siofra giggles when Conall takes her in a hug, swinging her around the living room, startling Abe out of his nap. 
Conall hugged her close, taking in her scent and the sound of her laughter. He captured her mouth, kissing her lightly, marveled by the way she knew what he wanted from her, the way her lips moved letting their tongues explore. He could feel the heat from Abe surrounding them, his arms snaking around Siofra's waist underneath Conall's, and he pushed his wife's body back to meet with Abe's chest. He could hear Abe's lips meeting Siofra's skin, her hands gripping into Conall's shirt as she let out a soft moan against his kiss.
"Later," she mumbled, pulling her lips from Conall's grasp, letting him run his down her cheek, trailing kisses down her neck just as Abe was moving up from her collar bone on the opposite side. Siofra didn't want them to stop, but she knew they had a party to go to, so placing her hands on Conall's chest she mumbled again, "Later," hearing a frustrated grumble from both men.
"You're god damn right later, lover," Abe growled in her ear, making Conall chuckle. Both men released her, straightening their shirts and rearranging their jeans as Siofra stood there, wobbly and still in a desire filled haze. "Well come on," Abe prodded and Siofra smirked at him, both men laughing at her flushed face. Feeding the boys and getting them ready, they all filed out of the house just before seven.
"Have you told anyone that I'm back," she asked Conall as they buckled to boys into their seats.
"Nope," he replied, getting into the driver’s seat, "figured I'd surprise everyone, give the party a little twist." His evil little grin made Siofra smile, looking in the rearview mirror she saw Abe and Dyson get into the Barracuda Conall had helped them take off the trailer, and they were off, heading to Airport Road.
Her nerves got to her as they turned onto the Johnson's road and she spied the blacked-out SUV following them at a large distance. Her heart started to race as they rounded a slight corner, the cars of their Pack mates already lined up on either side of the road. Her fingers gripped onto either side of the passenger seat of the Equinox as Conall pulled it into the barn on the opposite side of the road from the house.
"What if they hate me now," she said to Conall as he shut the car off. She couldn't look at him and it had become hard to breathe, her chest heaving in and out. Her short nails scraped on the material of her seat and Conall reached for her hand.
"They may be confused," he whispered, turning her face so that he could kiss her lips, "but they could never hate you." Siofra leaned her forehead on his, trying to absorb some of her husband's strength. She hated herself for leaving him the way she did, twice. Taking a deep breath, she smiled, kissing him quickly before resolving that she had to face the music, so she opened her door, helping to get the boys out.
Abe and Dyson corralled the boys across the road, Conall and Siofra bounding after them up the stone walkway. The Alpha house was warm and smelling like apples and cinnamon when they made it through the front door, the sounds of cooking coming from the kitchen. "Mom," Conall yelled, letting the boys go running after their jackets were off, "Mom!"
"What Connie?" Siofra heard Susan reply from the kitchen and she knew at once that the retired female Alpha was baking. The woman loved to bake every kind of sweet from cookie to brownies and elaborate cakes. 
"I have a surprise for you," he grinned, taking Siofra's hand and pulling her behind him. Motioning for Dyson to go first, Siofra heard Susan greet and kiss him on the cheek. Abe was hanging back behind Conall and her, waiting for them to introduce him smoothly. They came around the corner into the kitchen and Siofra met Susan's light green eyes.
They went wide, her mouth open slightly trying to form some words. Siofra blushed, not wanting to know if her mother-in-law was mad, but she gave Susan a weak smile. Tears streamed down Susan's cheeks and she dropped the muffin pan she was holding, crossing the twenty feet between them in almost a leap to gather Siofra in her arms. Siofra couldn't help but bury her face in the woman's neck letting the moment take over and sobs roll from her chest.
"Oh dear," Susan mumbled against Siofra's hair, stroking her hand down the back of the curls, bringing her daughter in law to face her.
"I'm sorry," Siofra choked out, her eyes red and mascara streaming down her face. Susan used her thumbs to wipe the tears away, smiling at her.
"Tell me about it later hun," she whispered against her cheek before placing a kiss to it, hugging her tighter. "Connie go get your sister-in-laws," she said without letting go of Siofra. It was a good thing because Siofra was far from done crying. She did raise her head to motion for Abe, who came forward slowly with a cautious smile on his face.
“Susan, this is Abe,” she hiccupped out, taking Abe’s hand while Susan shook the other. As soon as her mother-in-law touched him, her eyes went wide, knowing who he was to Siofra and her son, she took him in a half a hug kissing his cheek. He smiled and stepped away, standing by Dyson.
Gasps pull Siofra’s face to the sliding glass door, finding Sylvia, Cassie and Francie standing there with their hands to their mouths. She wiped her eyes with a shaky hand, smiling at the girls before her. “Oh my god,” Cassie and Sylvia said at the same time, running to her and taking her from Susan’s grasp, wrapping their arms around her. She kissed each of them on the cheek, hugging them tighter to her, more tears falling from her eyes.
“Syl,” she mumbled, “please forgive me,” she asked for her female Alpha’s forgiveness. Her wolf needed it.
“Of course Fry,” Sylvia said, kissing her cheek and wiping her tears. She rested her forehead against Siofra’s, letting their wolves reunite, smiles caressing both women’s lips. “I’m glad you’re home.”
“Me too,” Siofra whispered, hugging both women tight before kissing each on the cheek and releasing them. Her best friend since high school stood before her, her red curls up in a high ponytail and her brown eyes watering endlessly. “France,” she whispered, smiling at her. It shocked Siofra when Francie crossed the room, slapping her across the right side of her face. 
Growls rang out from Dyson and Abe, Siofra putting her palm up to silence them as she rubbed her cheek, the stinging emanating through her jaw. When she removed her hand, Francie brought another slap across her cheek, this time her wrist was caught by Sylvia, “That’s enough,” the female Alpha issued, making Francie cringe.
“It’s okay,” Siofra issued, moving her jaw and facing her high school friend, “let her go.” Her cheek was beet red and she could feel the heat from the slap still moving through her face. “You wanna hit me again, France?”
“I’d hit you a million fuckin’ times and it still wouldn’t make me feel better,” Francie bit out, her nose only inches from Siofra’s. “You left, again, after I told you not to ever do it again,” her words were turning into cries as she screamed at Siofra, her eyes watering. “How could you?”
“You wanna know why I left,” Siofra asked, noticing Conall return through the sliding glass door with his father, brothers Mike, Jason, Roman and Ronald and friends Jace Smithe, Trey Rainwater, Leon Sullivan and Sebastian Campbell. She brought her eyes back to Francie’s, putting her hands on her shoulders, Siofra took in a deep breath. “I left,” she started feeling the tightness gather in her throat, “because that bastard Bronton had gotten me pregnant.” There was an audible gasp that followed, Siofra’s eyes closing so that she didn’t have to see the look on her friend’s face. 
“He had raped and beaten me till he got what he wanted,” she lifted up her shirt to show the bite marks along her ribs and the jagged scar on her stomach from Penton’s dagger. Francie pulled Siofra’s forehead to hers as she continued, “I couldn’t let that happen,” she cried, “I couldn’t let that bastard have something that was a piece of me.” She was surrounded by Francie’s arms pulling her in, joined by Sylvia, Cassie and Susan, Siofra’s sobs joined by their own. 
“I’m sorry,” Francie sobbed, hugging Siofra tighter as she cried on her shoulder. She could feel that her friend was still broken, and the look on Conall’s face as he sat in a dining table chair told her that he didn’t know. “Make them leave,” she whispered to Susan, nodding to the men.
Susan shooed all of the men back outside, even Dyson and Abe, letting the women sit at the table to console the still sobbing Siofra. She placed a cup of tea in front of her broken daughter-in-law, lacing it with Jack Daniels. Leaving the four women to talk, Susan went out into the backyard to try and track down Shamus.
Siofra delved into detail of her ordeal with Bronton, the night on the dock and her time spent in New Orleans. She gushed about Abe and how he had helped her heal and about his were-boar friend, Porkchop. She told them about her new friend Samantha, the vampire, and was surprised when they said that they had met her, that she was outside with Roman, Ronald and Porkchop. They wiped her tears, fixed her hair and makeup and kissed her cheek as they led her outside to the party.
Silence met the women as they stepped into the crisp night air, their steps echoing off of the wooden porch. Siofra lowered her gaze, feeling all of the eyes on her, making her way down the steps with her arms entwined with Cassie and Sylvia. Walking towards the bonfire she could feel a wave of power hit her, her eyes coming up to meet the Alpha’s, Conall’s older brother, Mike. His brown eyes were on hers, his hand outstretching to pull her within a small circle she noticed had formed.
Sylvia pulled Siofra with her, leaving Cassie behind, handing her off to her husband in the circle. Siofra spared her a look, but Sylvia just smiled, clasping Siofra’s hand within Mike’s. “Siofra,” Mike’s voice boomed out over the lawn, pulling the circle tighter, “welcome home.” Yips and howls filled the air, a roar from Abe, making Siofra blush and smile.
“You have broken one of our Pack laws,” his eyebrows knit together, reaching in his pocket he produced a knife, “you abandoned your mate and pups. For that you shall shed blood,” he pulled up her right sleeve, holding her hand towards him, closer to the fire. “Do you deny it?”
“No,” she said, raising her chin, setting her jaw to brace for the pain. Mike nodded his head, sliding the knife across her wrist and turning her hand down, so that her blood dripped into the fire. Siofra bit her lip at the pain from the silver bladed knife, her magic pulsing and rolling to heal the wound.
“Does anyone have any objections to this she-wolf rejoining our Pack,” Mike raised his eyes to look around him and the fire, into the faces of the Pack surrounding them. Siofra looked around, seeing smiles and tears.
“I do,” the voice came from the other side of the fire, Mike whipping his face in the direction of it, a growl filling his chest as the man steps forward. His dirty blonde hair was clipped shorter than the last time that Siofra had seen him, but he still carried his arrogant attitude, sauntering up to Mike, his hazel eyes locked on Siofra.
"Brandon," Mike ground out, "what are you doing?" Brandon Rose came up to his Alpha, never losing eye contact with Siofra. She could tell that he still held a grudge after she had made him tap out in front of the entire Pack two summers ago, on the night that she had first fully changed into her wolf. His shoulders were much broader than she remembered, the muscles in his arms bulging underneath his henly shirt. He honestly looked like someone on steroids to Siofra.
“You asked if anyone had a problem,” he turned his hazel eyes to Mike, “and I do.” He smirked, bringing a growl from Mike and some of the group surrounding them. “I use my right to object to issue a challenge,” he grinned and a huge knot grew within Siofra’s stomach.
“What is your challenge,” Mike released Siofra’s hand to fall to her side, giving her a look saying that he was sorry.
“Fight,” Brandon grinned, his teeth gleaming white , and more growls emanated from the bystanders. Siofra spied Dyson and Abe removing their jackets and she put her hand up, telling them to back off, Brandon smiling at her. “One on one, with me, no funny business,” he ground out, a light sparkle of excitement dancing through his eyes.
Siofra sighed, nodding to Mike that she’d do it, turning and stripping of her jacket as she walked over to her mates. Conall grabbed her face in his hands, Abe and Dyson pushing her jacket back up her arms, fighting her motion. “You don’t have to do this, love,” he whispered, his eyes glowing in anger starring at Brandon.
“Yes, I do,” she told him, shaking her hands from Abe and Dyson‘s grasp, shedding her jacket. She pulled her long sleeve shirt up and over her head, fixing her tank underneath, she heard more than one muffled gasp as she felt her Pack mate’s eyes on her. They were noticing her scars even in the dim light, but she ignored it, her scars would always be there. She handed her clothes to Abe, kissing him on the cheek she said, “Go inside and watch the boys,” nodding for Dyson to go with him, “I’ll be fine.”
The two men kissed her lips, both whispering encouraging words and sending killer looks to her opponent. Taking a deep breath, she looked over to Francie. Her friend was shaking, tears in her eyes and Siofra motioned her over, putting her arm around Francie’s shoulder. “How about some music,” she whispered against her red hair. 
In high school, the best friends were fighters, getting into scraps with other girls over the dumbest things. Francie’s job when Siofra was in a scuffle was to crank up the music, fueling Siofra’s drive. She smiled at Siofra, bounding over to the porch, pulling her phone from her pocket, a few seconds later Halestorm flooded the speakers, their song “Miss the Misery” bringing a small smile to Siofra’s lips. Kissing Conall, she puts her forehead to his, “Don’t worry love, I’ll make him tap again,” she tried to reassure him but he gives her a non-committal look.
“Come on, I don’t have all night,” Brandon yelled, Siofra turning to face him. He had shed his shirt, his massive chest covered in tattoos, the fire light bouncing off of them as he teetered back and forth warming his muscles up. He gave Siofra an evil smile as she stepped closer to the fire, Mike coming to stand between them.
“No shifting,” Mike issued, “no magic, no cheating, no help from other Pack members.” He looked to both, Siofra nodding along with Brandon. “Till one of you taps or calls mercy then,” he issued, quickly stepping back to mingle within the outskirts of the circle.
Siofra stood, just watching Brandon as he bounced around, shaking his arms and shoulders loose. He was cocky and sure, Siofra was positive that he had forgotten her knowledge of martial arts. Brandon started the fight, coming at her growling and swinging one arm after the other, Siofra dodging up, down, left and right, staying just one step ahead of him around the fire.
She knew she had made a mistake when she tripped over a sitting log as she was back-tracking from Brandon’s swings, one connecting with her right cheek as she fell, her back striking the middle of the log. It knocked the air out of her lungs, but Siofra quickly rolled to the side, just missing a boot that struck the log where she had been laying, sending chips of bark flying. It hurt to breath and now she was only half dodging punches, blocking with her arms, the pain radiating up her arms and back, the magic pulsing around her trying the heal the bruises. She took another brutal hit to her right cheek, blood filling her mouth, and it spun her to her knees, facing away from her aggressor. 
Siofra could hear him gloating as she got to her feet, taking note that they had shoved the onlookers close to the porch. She spit a mouthful of blood to the ground, feeling around her mouth with her tongue to see if any teeth were missing and thankfully all were in place. Before she knew it, Brandon’s hand was wrapped in her hair, pulling her down on her back and dragging her behind him, pulling her up to toss her over by an old oak tree. Siofra’s ribs cracked against the ancient tree, her vision blacking out for a split second till she heard the familiar screech of “Mommmmyyyy!!!!”
Roan was making his way toward Brandon’s back at an impressive speed, his eyes glowing red, Abe and Dyson hot on his heels. She tried to scream for him to stop, but nothing but blood came out, trickling down her chin. Turning towards the direction of the scream, Brandon brought his hand forward just as Roan was running past him, bringing it back quickly, connecting with Roan’s mouth and nose. The force of the hit sent the three year old flying back into Abe’s arms, both of them teetering back, almost falling.
Fury filled Siofra, getting to her feet, Roan’s cries of pain filling her ears. “You’re a bastard,” she growled at Brandon, a wide grin filling his face. She motioned for him to come get her, backing herself up to the trunk of the old oak, her right hand on the peeling bark. Brandon quickly obliged, his rushing figure coming at her with his head down. She waited for the right moment, when he was about ten feet from her, then launched herself off of the ground at him, her right foot coming across his face in a loud crack of a super-kick, knocking him to the ground. 
Taking only a split second to recover, Siofra jumped on Brandon’s recovering form, pushing his back to the dirt, her right knee pressing down on his windpipe while her left slipped behind his skull to tighten the pressure. This was the same move Siofra had made him tap out to two summers ago and it made Siofra grin at his struggling figure. His face was reddening and his arms were wildly hitting her, trying to shove her off of him. He grunted and spit at her, trying to pull her off of him by ripping her tank and grabbing at the waist of her jeans.
“Tap the fuck out,” she growled, squeezing her thighs tighter around his throat till he couldn’t take a breath in, it was only choking. “Tap, or I’ll kill you,” she leaned towards his face, causing him to cough more. Her glowing blue eyes peered down at him as his eyes started to bulge, his face a deep red. His eyes started to roll back in his head, but Siofra didn’t let up. Mike approached their huddled figures.
“Tap,” he growled in Brandon’s ear, his Alpha voice sending tingles up Siofra’s spine. She felt three rapid slaps on her back, releasing the hold she had on Brandon’s neck and sprinting to where her mates were gathered, Roan’s cries still filling the air. Blood was still running from her mouth as she slid in the grass on her knees, coming to stop next to Abe’s figure, the screaming Roan in his arms. Siofra’s heart broke at his cries, Abe looking to her with pain on his face.
“Roan,” she choked holding her arms out to him, surprised when he leaped onto her. He wrapped his legs around her waist, his little fingers tangling in her hair. She felt up and down his back, trying to see if he was really hurt, tears rolling down her cheeks as her oldest son cried in her ear. Conall helped her to her feet, Dyson and Abe following them up the porch steps into the house where Markie and Clyde were crying also. 
“Give him to me, Fry,” Pack doctor Michelle Trapper held her hands out for Roan, but Siofra shook her head, not wanting to let him go. “I need to see if he broke anything,” she argued, putting her hands under Roan’s armpits, forcefully pulling him from his mother’s grasp. Siofra let out a choking cry as the doctor made her way into the den with her screaming son. She crumpled down into Abe’s arms. He pulled her close, resting her face in his neck, rocking her back and forth as she cried.
“I’m sorry Siofra,” Dyson knelt before her, his face streaked with tears, “I wasn’t watching him very close, I…I…I’m sorry,” he buried his face in her lap. Siofra pulled his face up to her chest, holding him there as he knelt in front of Abe and she could see Abe’s free arm encircle Dyson’s shoulders. 
“Connie,” she mumbled, “Connie!”
“I’m right here,” his smooth voice washed over her right ear and she could feel his body heat near her cheek. His piney scent filled her nose, soothing some of her sobs. “I’m going to check on our boy,” he whispered, kissing her forehead before heading into the den. He shut the door behind him, but Siofra could still hear her son’s cries.
It broke her heart. She pulled Dyson’s cheek closer into her chest, snuggling closer into Abe’s neck. Abe ran his arm up and down her right arm, his other hand gripping Dyson’s shoulder holding him to Siofra. She felt helpless. 
She hated feeling helpless.



CHAPTER TEN:
September 19, 2016

It was a little after six in the morning as Siofra held Roan’s sleeping figure close, rocking him back and forth in the chair she had since he was born, looking out of his window out across the back yard. He was sleeping so soundly, his warm breath flowing through her flannel nightgown to warm her chest. She pressed her cheek against his auburn hair, singing softly,
“His curly hair and his knobby knees
The way the sun brings those freckles out,
Talk and talk, never miss a beat
Yeah, he gets that from me
He gets that from me.

He looks at me with those big grey-blue eyes
He’s got me in the palm of his hands
And I swear sometimes
It’s just like you’re here again
He smiles that little crooked smile
There’s no denying he’s your child
Without him, I don’t know what I’d do
He gets that from you
Oh, he gets that from you.”

She hummed the Reba McEntire song, lightly brushing Roan’s hair from his face. She couldn’t help but think of Kyle at a time like this. How would he have reacted? How would he have handled it? Roan’s eyes had been glowing red last night, everyone had seen it. He shouldn’t have that attribute this young, but Michelle Trapper figured it was because of the magic in Siofra’s blood, heightening her children’s abilities. She had been so relieved the night before when Doctor Trapper had told her that Roan was going to be fine, but that he should take it easy for the next few days. He's probably going to have one hell of a bruise across his cheek and nose, Siofra peeking at it as she rocked him back and forth.
She was so inside of her own bubble, humming and rocking her oldest son, that she hadn’t heard Markie and Clyde come shuffling in until they were at the arms of the chair. “Mommy,” Markie sleepily said, rubbing his eyes, “ken we cwuddle too?”
“Yeah, baby,” she whispered, getting up slowly and getting into Roan’s twin bed, snuggling him to her right side while Markie took her left and Clyde crawled up to lay with his head just below her breasts, his arms around her stomach and his twins waist. She closed her eyes on a sigh as she felt her sons drift off to sleep, a smile creeping to her lips.
She would never leave her boys again. 
She awoke to the feeling of the boys being pulled from around her, her eyes opening to Conall and Abe standing above her, each with a twin on a hip, the boys awake and smiling down at her. Stretching her arms up, she noticed Roan was gone too and she sat up looking around for him.
“He’s in the tub,” Abe smiled, his voice scratchy with sleep as he followed Conall to the door, Siofra getting out of the small bed slowly. Checking in on the tub scene in the bathroom, Siofra laughs as all three of her mates get soaked simultaneously as the twins splash their way through the huge tub to their oldest brother. Getting chased out with the threat of soaked hugs from Abe, Siofra laughs her way down the stairs to the kitchen, making coffee and getting everything ready for French toast.
"You know he'll be a strong wolf," the light Scottish accent scared her as she was frying bacon, her hand slamming down on the stove as she whipped around to see Shamus sitting at her dining room table. His hair was pulled back and tied with a ribbon at the nape of his neck, the black half mingling with the silver half. His huge figure was hunched in the chair, his white-blue eyes watching his daughter, a smile on his lips. He laughed as she released a sigh, her hand on her chest, shaking her head and turning back to the pan on the stove. "All your children will be strong wolves."
"Yeah well what if Abe fathers one of my children," she retorts, not turning away from the stove, "if I choose to have more, or can have more," she almost whispers, turning the bacon and pouring the coffee into a carafe, fixing the pot to brew more. She hadn't even brought up having more children, let alone thinking about it. She doesn't know if she's ready for that.
"That's not possible," Abe's deep voice enters the room, Siofra turning to him with a questioning look. He was in his usual blue jeans, just a little bit tight, showing off his butt, with an old t-shirt pulled over a long sleeve thermal shirt to ward off the chilly Montana day. Wrapping his arms around Siofra's waist, he kisses the top of her hair, squeezing her tight. "I can't have kids lover," he whispered in her ear getting her to gasp.
"Why not," she asked, turning to face him and seeing Conall and Dyson enter the room with the boys in tow, all greeting Shamus, the boys leaping into the ancient Druid's lap. She handed Dyson the carafe of coffee with five mugs, still looking at Abe waiting for him to answer as he munched on the toast he swiped from the tray.
"When I was in the service, I signed up for some drug trials the government was doing on all supernatural servicemen." He took the tray with toast and condiments to the table, introducing himself to Shamus and shaking his hand. "After the trials were over, they put us through all sorts of tests, including fertility tests, and well I'm shooting blanks." He grinned, Conall and Dyson chuckling into their coffee cups, but Siofra didn't think it was funny.
“What does shooting blanks mean daddy?” Roan chimes in, making Dyson almost spit his coffee across the table as Conall tries to answer the question calmly. Shamus slaps the Berserker on the back with his massive hand, almost sending the man to his knees as he coughs.
She said nothing as she turned back to the stove, flipping the bacon and getting the griddle ready to put French toast on. "See, my daughter," Shamus cooed, "only wolves for you." He laughed at Clyde pushing his cup of orange juice around the table with his mind, catching it from crashing to the floor and handing it back to the toddler.
"You know what Shamus," she ground out, her hand slamming down on the stovetop, her powers going out and flinging the glass sliding door open, letting the cold air rush in. Her eyes crept over to the Druid, his stare locked on her with slits for eyes. "I'm fucking tired of you calling me your daughter," she hissed, her sons gasping at her use of a 'bad word'. Shamus stood quickly, setting the boys on the floor, crossing the room to be at Siofra's side in a blur.
Grabbing her wrist, he pulled her close to his chest, his breathing heavy. "You are my daughter," his deep voice washed over her in his thick Scottish accent, sending chills over her skin, "you are of my blood. Tell me," she heard him in her head, searching for something. "Tell me what he did to you?" A picture of Bronton flashed into her mind and she winced, pulling her hand from his grasp, taking a step to put some space between them. He wanted to know what Bronton had done to her, where should she start.
"Didn't Penton tell you," she whispered, going back to her cooking duties, tears threatening to spill out. She could feel Shamus prodding around in her head and she fought to shut him out, closing her eyes letting a few tears drip down. She felt it when Shamus learned what he wanted to know, a slight gasp coming from his chest, his arms wrapping around her shoulders. She shook and shrugged her shoulders, but he didn't let go, his magic mixing with hers. It filled her with a feeling of being safe, a feeling of being secure and of being home, and she couldn't fight the tidal wave of tears, letting them fall down onto her nightgown as she leaned her head back against the Druid's expansive chest.
Shamus said nothing as she cried, he just held her to his chest, letting their magic mingle, filling the kitchen and dining room with faint blue and green light. He released her when her tears started to slow, placing a light kiss to her hair, "I have always cared for you," he whispered, "please don't shut me out."
"Sorry," she said, wiping the back of her hand across her cheek, "it's just hard for me to deal with everything still." Shamus gave her a warm smile, nodding his head and moving to stand beside the stove, peering into the dining room. Taking a deep breath in, she moved all of the French toast to a platter, handing it to Shamus, "Go serve the animals," she smiles at his leaving figure. When he was out at the table, Siofra could hear the squeals and exclamations of delight, she gripped the edge of the counter, closing her eyes tight. 
Her mind replayed the scene that Shamus had seen; inside Bronton's chambers, the candle light low, the fireplace roaring. Her hands were roaming the perfection that was Bronton's back, his figure writhing on top of her, her face displaying the pleasure that was flowing through her body. Her skin tingled at the memory, the scars on her hips throbbing, sending a shot of desire throughout her limbs, bringing frustrated tears to her eyes. "Mommy are you coming," the little voice found her, Siofra wiping the tears from her face, grabbing the extra coffee and leaving the kitchen.
Her plate had two pieces of French toast, a few pieces of bacon and a spoonful of strawberries, all the rest of the food already half devoured, but Siofra barely touched her food. The memory had all but taken her appetite away, her stomach churning even at her coffee, which she forced down. She noticed that Roan’s face was sporting a pretty bad bruise, the purple and black color reaching from just under his left eye, across his nose to engulf his right cheek. His grey-blue eyes caught her staring at him, a crooked smile crossing his lips.
“What’s wrong mommy,” he said, his auburn hair falling to the side as he cocked his head, his sticky little fingers trying to get his fork to shove a piece of French toast in his mouth. She shakes her head at him, smiling sweetly at Markie and Clyde when they look her way.
“Nothing babies,” she says, looking back down at her plate, “just nothing.” The rest of the morning passed quietly, Shamus leaving after eating, saying he’d return soon with some visitors. Siofra was picking some clothes from her dresser drawers when Dyson cleared his throat, entering the master bedroom.
“Hey,” he said, rubbing his hand through his buzzed dirty blonde hair, his tattooed bicep peeking out underneath his vintage Harley t-shirt. Siofra smiled at him, sitting down on the bed and scooting her nightgown up to pull over her head, tossing it to the side and reaching for the clothes she had beside her. “Um, I heard what Abe said earlier and I should tell you something,” he looked nervous and Siofra couldn’t help but feel concern, pulling the jeans on with thick socks. “I can’t have kids either,” he almost whispered, Siofra stopping in the midst of pulling her tank over her head to stare at him.
Putting her shirt on in silence, she stands to brush her hair in the dresser mirror. “I don’t know if I’m going to have any more so why are you telling me this,” she gives him a sidelong glance as he sits on the edge of the California King size bed. She turned on him, her back up against the dresser, his golden eyes looking her over.
“I figured you needed to know,” he shrugged his shoulders, getting to his feet, “I just didn’t want to disappoint you.” He headed towards the door, stopping as Siofra grabbed the belt loop of his jeans, turning him to wrap her arms around his neck placing her lips on his heatedly. Shocked at first, Dyson snaked his hands around her waist, pulling her against him, running them over her back and butt, pinching through her jeans. He groaned into her mouth, pulling her away from him, washing her in gold as he starred down at her, brushing the hair from her face, pushing it behind her ears.
“Love you Dyson,” she whispered, kissing him lightly again. “No matter what.”
“Love you,” he smiled, setting her flat on her feet, taking her hand as they make their way downstairs. The boys were crashing trucks into blocks in the toy room as Siofra walked to the front door to see where Abe had wondered off to, leaving Dyson and Conall to their own devices. The air was crisp, so grabbing a jacket and donning her Timberland boots, Siofra headed out to Abe’s figure, talking on the side lawn with Porkchop.
Around Dyson’s Dodge Ram, Siofra spotted Porkchop’s Jeep parked on the grass, the two men standing at the edge of the bare corn field, looking down the road. “Whatcha boys doin?” she called, giving a small wave when they turned her way, a smile caressing both of their lips. She put an arm around Abe’s waist, getting a kiss on the top of her head and a squeeze as Porkchop winked at her. She followed their gaze to the blacked out SUV, in its usual spot right down the road.
“They say that Crawford told them to keep their distance,” Porkchop spat on the ground, shuffling his steel toe boot around in the leaves. “Sam said he told them to follow you everywhere,” he nodded his chin to the car port where Siofra spotted Sam checking out her Chevelle.
“Can we trust them,” Abe gave his longtime friend a skeptical look, squeezing Siofra’s shoulders. It warmed her heart that this man, who only met her boys and husband a day ago, was concerned about their well-being. Hell, she had heard him and Dyson referring to the boys as ‘my sons’ or ‘our sons’, it was a beautiful thing.
“They’re our best slayers,” Sam’s voice flowed through the crisp air, her smile meeting Siofra with a kiss on the cheek, “your car is kick-ass,” she hissed, a laugh rolling out from both women. She grasped Siofra around the shoulders, taking her from Abe’s grasp and walking out into the chopped corn field, away from the two men. They walked for a few hundred feet not saying anything, their heads leaned against one another’s, the cold afternoon air making Siofra’s cheeks rosy. “Roman asked me on a date,” she whispered, making Siofra send her a wicked glance.
“Annndd,” Siofra asked, wondering if her vampire friend was leaving her brother-in-law hanging or if she had given him an answer. It made her think of the morning that they had left New Orleans and the look she had noticed in Roman’s eyes as he peeked around her into the mud room of Abe’s apartment where Sam had been standing. 
“I said yeah,” the vampire giggled, Siofra squeezing her waist, “he’s cute and smart,” Sam started to gush and Siofra faked a gagging sound. “Oh stop it,” Sam pushed her making both of them laugh, “like standing around watching you make-out with three men is enjoyable.”
“We do not make-out in public,” Siofra retorted, snaking her arm around Sam’s waist again as they continued their walk through the baron corn field, their boots crunching in the remains of the dried corn stalks.
“Yeah, well you sure do enough eye-fucking for a lifetime,” Sam scoffed, getting an astonished look from Siofra who stopped the pair in their tracks. Was it really that bad? she thought to herself. She looked over her friend, a smile trying to creep into the corners of Sam’s mouth, one trying to mimic the motion on her face. A giggle started to roll from Sam and Siofra couldn’t help but join in, the women laughing so hard that they held their sides.
They walked all the way down to where the corn field met Moorehead Road, doubling back to go into the tree line, walking along a small path through the falling leaves. They followed the small creek to the old tractor road at the very back of their property, turning to head toward the house. They walked past the portal that Penton had carried Siofra through only two months before, running from the hordes of Trolls and Ogres, led into battle by Bronton and his vile parents.
Siofra gripped Sam’s forearm tighter as they neared the pond, her chest tightening. The flashes of that July night ran through her mind; the sound of the Trolls war horn, her mother urging Penton to run faster, the smell of the pond, the sound of Bronton’s voice. Her eyes closed and she stopped abruptly, her head rolling back as her mind replayed the melodic tone of Bronton’s voice, the scars tingling all over her body. Her arms went around her chest, trying to hug her power to her as it licked the trees and bushes all around her and Sam.
Tears found her cheeks, the sudden feel of familiar hands tracing her arms, the smell of peaches filling her nose and she opened her eyes, Penton’s smiling face peering at her over her shoulder. She turned into him, hugging him tight and mingling their powers, the green and blue light dancing with the sunlight. He sighed into her hair, his cheek rested on the crown of her head, “Siofra, you have been missed.”
“You saved me,” she whispered, taking her face from his chest to look up into his white-blue eyes, noticing that his dark hair was clipped short. 
“I had to,” he smiled at her, “you have a lot of love still to give to the world.” His smile was contagious, making Siofra giggle, taking his hand in hers. “Come on,” he whispered, pulling her up by Sam where they rejoined their arms, making their trek towards the pond. They broke the tree line and Siofra gasped, the sight of the pond bringing tears to her eyes.
It looked peaceful and even beautiful, but it brought back all those memories. Sam kept her arm tight around Siofra’s waist feeling her hesitation. They stood where the dock met the grass, Siofra starring out to the end of the wooden planks, seeing her actions that night, feeling the bite of the limestone dagger as she drove it into her rounded stomach. She started to tremble, Penton’s grip on her hand tightening. What broke through her sadness was the fact that she was alive. She was alive and Bronton wasn’t, there was no chance of him hurting anyone else. There was no chance of some other girl going through the horrible things he had put her through, no one would have to make the choice that she had, and the revelation had lifted some of the hurt from her heart.
“I’m okay,” she whispered, turning her lightly tearing eyes to Sam and then Penton, “I promise, I’m okay.” She pulled the two into a tight hug, the three of them standing there for what seemed to be hours. They release each other, Siofra giving the pond another long glance before heading slowly up the back lawn towards the porch.
“How are you and Dyson getting along,” Penton asked, a serious note running in his voice making Siofra give him a raised eyebrow, but she brushed it off with a smile.
“Fine, why,” she smiled, a redness creeping into her neck thinking of yesterday when Dyson had finally taken Siofra, the roughness he had showed sending tingles through her spine even now.
“Well, I was just wondering since his brother was the one who caused your car accident, how...”
“What?” she almost screeched, ripping her hand from Penton’s, looking him in the face. “What did you just say?” she asked, wondering if she had heard him wrong. He looked sheepish, his eyes darting around to Sam to try and find solace, but the vampire offered none. “Say it again,” she ground out, her eyes starting to glow blue with anger.
“Kraze was the wolf in the road that night,” Penton almost whispered, his eyes on the grass, “everyone knows, I thought they would’ve told you.”
“Everyone knows,” she choked out, tears from rage finding her cheeks, pulling her arm from Sam’s. Not letting Penton’s grip keep her, she stormed up the porch steps, the pounding echoing through the wood. She swung the sliding door open to an astonished Conall, helping the boys into their highchairs for lunch. “You knew,” she hissed, her eyes spilling over with tears, a shaky hand pointing at a confused Conall.
“What are you talking about love?” He moved to put his hands on her arms, but she side steps him, pushing his hands away.
“Kraze,” she mumbled, “he was the wolf that night, and you knew and you didn’t tell me?” She peered up at his pine green eyes, “You couldn’t tell me, you know it still hurts and you couldn’t take a second to tell me? I had to find out from Penton.” Conall sent Penton, who was still out on the back porch, an evil look, attempting to grab his wife by the shoulders. 
Her retreating form staggered around the kitchen island headed for the stairs, bumping into someone as she crossed the threshold for the living room. Turning, Siofra’s eyes went up the arm holding her, noticing the tattoos. “You,” she cried, ripping her arms from Dyson’s grip, “your brother killed my daughter, almost killed me, and you couldn’t be a fucking man and tell me?”
She brought her right hand up, open, across his face, the sound thrumming throughout the kitchen. She didn’t stand around to see or hear his reaction, bolting up the stairs, into the small family room that was down the hall from the master bedroom, slamming and locking the door behind her.
Pounding on the door met her back as she pressed it up against the wood, Abe’s voice finding her telling her to let him in. She ignored him, going to the entertainment center and flicking on the stereo, cranking it up to drown out the pounding on the door. Her tears flowed as she threw herself onto the plush couch, burying her face into the cushion as she pulled a pillow around her head.
She didn’t mind the extremely loud music. It was better than listening to herself cry.




CHAPTER ELEVEN:

The rain pelted her face as she trudged through the busy streets, holding her right hand up to her face to try and shield some of it out of her eyes. She shrugged her sweatshirt hood up onto her head, even though it was already soaked, weaving in between the people surrounding her. They all seemed to be moving in slow motion, staring at her as she walked past them, whispering her name, “Siofra”, “Mutt”, “Whore”.
She ignored it, her face to the pavement, walking as if she knew where she was going. Stopping, looking around her, she noticed she was surrounded by pulsing lights and billboards advertising casinos and buffets. “Vegas,” she mumbled to herself, people bumping into her almost knocking her to the cement. She crossed the street, dodging a few cars, up over the sidewalk and under a cement over pass leading into a hotel lobby.
She shed her soaked sweatshirt, the staff behind the ornate marble desk starring at her blankly. The gold and yellow tones of the elaborate decorations were welcoming, almost inviting, but Siofra keeps her guard up. A man with salt and pepper hair nodded for her to follow him, waving for her to come over to the elevator. He inserted and turned a key, the doors dinging to open for her, the man motioning her in. The colors of the paintings on the inside of the elevator dazzled her as she rode up, the music playing softly overhead. 
Coming to a stop, the elevator opened to two massive, Italian marble doors, Siofra cautiously placing her wet hands on the golden handles and pushing inward. Melancholy piano notes and the smell of cigars find her as soon as she steps into the enormous space, the marble flooring glowing in the candlelight. She followed the music, the floor changing from gold and beige tones to a dark blue with gold and silver. There were heavy curtains pulled back and tied, revealing a panoramic view of the Vegas skyline, the bright lights glowing in the rain.
“Ciao Siofra,” came the heavy Italian accent, the piano tunes speeding up to a lovely waltz sort of melody. The man’s tall, thin frame was packed onto the piano bench, his long legs stretched out underneath it, displaying a pair of snake skin boots. His dark hair was slicked back, just hitting his shoulders and a shiver ran down Siofra’s spine as she recognized who this man was. “Mio caro, how are you?”
“What the hell do you want with me,” she ground out, keeping her distance, circling the seated Master vampire. She could see the grin on his face, displaying a little bit of one of his fangs. Candles littered the room, casting eerie shadows all over the expansive space.
“That’s not very nice,” he coos, turning his hazel eyes to her, winking and smiling. “See it’s not what I want,” he turned to face her, abruptly stopping his song, “it’s more of what I need from you.” He laughed, picking up his cigar from the top of the piano, placing it in the corner of his mouth. Smoke rings flowed up around him and Siofra could have sworn one of them spelled her name out. 
“What you need,” she growled, feeling her power swirl around her making the candle flames flicker and dance, “is to go to hell and stay there.” Amadeo threw back his head, letting a cackle of a laugh roll from his chest, making Siofra’s anger peek and roll, her chest heaving.
“Ragazza sciocca, silly girl,” he quipped, still laughing at her, slapping one of his tailor made pant clad legs. “You fight, even now, when you know I could turn you inside out in mere seconds.” His face was mere inches from hers in the blink of an eye, his breath washing over her, stinking of cigars and blood. “Tu sei mia, little doggie,” he smiled, brushing his fingertips over her right cheek.
“All you bastards are the same,” she hissed, snapping her teeth at him, “you think you own me, but you see, I’m not some piece of property.” She hit his hand away from her face, Amadeo’s hand spinning and gripping her wrist, pulling her into his chest, wrapping his other arm around her waist.
“What those other, bastardi, didn’t know, or care to recognize, mia dolce,” he leaned his face close, giving her a good look at his fangs, forcing her to lean her neck back, “was that you have a weak spot.” She could see his eyes go to her throat and it made her stomach turn. She tried to wrench from his grip, but his hands were like steel, holding her in place.
“And what would that be,” she ground out, trying to keep her skin from touching his lips. His breathing was fast and she could tell that he was close to biting her, his eyes focused on the prize.
“Your sons,” he hissed out, his lips connecting with her neck, sending a heat rushing through her skin while his words sent ice to her heart. She froze, letting the Master Vampire move his vile lips over her neck, up her chin, stopping and hovering above her lips, his eyes meeting hers again.
“Ahhh, I was right. A woman would lay down her life for her children,” he chuckled, quickly standing and tossing Siofra down into one of the antique chairs. “I will have you,” he hissed, his hand going around her throat, his thumb massaging into her jugular, “or I will bathe in your children’s blood.” Pulling her up he sank his fangs into her neck, Siofra letting a high pitched scream roll from her throat.
Her scream was still filling the room as she sat straight up, throwing the pillow that had been covering her head to the floor in the spare room. She was drenched in sweat, the music still blaring and the room darkened. She cracked her shin against the small coffee table as she crossed the room to shut the stereo off, flicking on a small lamp as she stood there, trying to catch her breath. Pounding on the door made her scream slightly again, Abe’s voice telling her to open the door.
Stripping of her soaked long sleeve shirt, Siofra crossed the room, unlatching the door and letting Abe in as she shed her jeans, practically having to peel them off. Splaying herself on the couch, she covered her face with a pillow, feeling Abe’s form approaching her. “You screamed,” his deep voice flooded the silence, his sandalwood scent flowing over her skin, instantly calming her nerves.
Siofra just laid there, tossing the pillow to the floor, starring up at the shadowy ceiling. She was still sweating, fanning her face with her hand. She could tell Abe was becoming impatient, so she sat up, "Where are the other two?"
"They took the boys to spend the night at Susan and Clyde's," Abe sat on the coffee table directly in front of Siofra, placing his large hands on her knees, "they figured you would want to discuss what happened earlier."
"No," Siofra growled, "they're the ones who need to explain. I have nothing left to say to either of them." She stood quickly, headed for the door when Abe grabbed her arm, spinning her into his chest, squeezing her tight to him. 
"Give them a break," he whispered, "you've only been home a day. They had a lot of things on their minds."
"More important than, 'Hey, Kraze was the wolf who made you swerve, crash and subsequently loose your daughter, he's real sorry'," she pushed away from him. "Yeah, I see where the priority lies," she growled, stomping into the master bedroom, shedding of the rest of her clothes, tossing them wherever and cranking the shower on. When the steam rolled out, she climbed in, the hot water scalding her skin.
Abe had followed her, leaning his butt against the sink, letting her shower in silence till he heard her sobs. Pulling the glass shower door to the side, he stepped into the running hot water, clothes and all, taking Siofra in his arms, pulling her back to his chest. He leaned his massive shoulder on the tile wall to support them, his clothing soaked all the way down to his socks. "It'll be okay, lover," he whispered, running his fingers through her wet hair pulling it from her face.
Turning to face him, Siofra wraps her arms around his neck going up on her tip-toes so that her chin rests on his shoulder. "It hurts Abe," she sobbed, "it just hurts so much." She gripped the collars of his layered t-shirts, trying to hold onto him for dear life, his arms crushing her to him. She wanted to feel better, she wanted to feel loved, so pulling her legs up to encircle his waist, she kissed the side of Abe's neck, just above her marking scars.
Brushing the hair from her face, Abe looks into her sad blue eyes, seeing the desire building he kisses her lightly. "Lover, are you sure this is the right time," he mumbled against her neck as she kissed down his jaw line, getting a loud purr to rumble in his chest. He got his answer when she reached behind her, shutting the shower off and taking his lips, pushing her hips against his jeans, stirring his already hardened erection. Pushing the door open, Abe steps out cautiously, shedding his socks and shirts, walking them both into the bedroom. Kneeling on the carpet just beside the bed, Abe releases her to peel his soaked jeans and underwear from his body, Siofra watching him the entire time, taking in his impressive body.
They both knelt there, looking at each other, their eyes glowing in the darkness. Siofra ran her hand up from his abdomen to his chest, over his shoulder and around to the back of his neck, her fingers scratching into his hairline. She stood slowly, Abe grabbing her around the waist, nuzzling his face into her stomach and Siofra ran her fingers through his hair. "Make love to me," she whispered, smiling at him as he turned his face to her, bathing her in a glowing hazel, his rough facial hair brushing against the scar on her stomach.
Pulling the sheets back, they lay in the bed slowly, Abe's arms and legs moving over hers till they were in the middle, his weight hovering over her. She kissed him sweetly, placing her hands on his hips and bringing him to her, his length hitting her core sending a hot race of desire throughout her. Abe slowly, painstakingly drove himself into her, getting a slow hiss of air from her lips as she arched her back, taking his impressive size into her to the hilt. 
He took his time, getting every little moan and murmur from her that he could, his mouth rarely leaving hers, whispering in her ear that he loved her, hearing her say it back. Hearing her murmur his name, desire dripping from every letter, her fingers digging into his shoulders, back and hips, the arch in her back curving to let him drive deeper. Her core tightened around him, making him shiver, biting down lightly on Siofra's bottom lip. He drove her over the edge, her climax bringing his, both of them riding the wave down holding onto each other, kissing every inch of exposed skin they could. They lay entangled in one another's arms till the sounds of Conall's truck pulling into the driveway found them.
"Love you," Abe murmurs, kissing the top of her head as he sat up, gathering his wet clothes off of the floor. Siofra watched his fine butt walk into the bathroom and come back out with a towel wrapped around his waist. His smile was wicked and she couldn't help but giggle, "I'm gonna go get dressed," he whispered.
"Yeah, tell them I'll be down in a bit," she nodded her chin towards the direction of the stairs, "and make some coffee," she stood from the bed, watching as Abe's eyes roamed her body, "I have a feeling we'll be talking all night."
Siofra took her time getting dressed, noticing on the alarm clock that it was quarter to nine, she pulled a comb through her wet hair. She shrugged on a lace tank and plaid pajama bottoms, rummaging through her closet to find her slippers, thankful that they warm her feet as she descended the stairs. She can hear her mates' quieted voices as she shuffles her way into the kitchen. Ignoring them as they sit at the table, all their eyes on her, she makes herself a cup of coffee, stirring it extremely slow and leaning her back against the counter, sipping the hot liquid.
"Stop it," Conall's deep growl rumbled through the dinning room, Siofra snapping her head in his direction, rolling her eyes at him. His eyes switched to neon green, slamming his hand down on the table he stood stomping over to her and yanking her to the table and down into a chair. The Alpha part of his attitude was irritated with her and how she was acting. She had left them high and dry and now being back only a day, she was acting as if they had betrayed her. "Stop acting like a spoiled brat."
"Fuck you," she growled, pushing her chair back from the table, poking him in the chest, "fuck you for not caring."
"Not caring," he roared, his nose touching hers. "How can you say I don't care? You're the one that left me high and dry to take care of our sons," his words enraged Siofra and she pushed him with both hands on his chest. "I'm the one who welcomed two other men into my house, because your wolf bonded with them." Now he was just being a jerk and tears started to flow down Siofra's cheeks, "From my point of view, you're the one not caring."
"How can you say that," she choked, slamming her hand on his chest. "How can you stand there and tell me that you let the man who killed our daughter into our Pack?" She slapped her hands on his chest, one after the other, tears streaming down her cheeks, "How could you? You blamed me for her death, yet when you find out that there was a wolf in the road, you sponsor him into the Pack?" The look on Conall's face was bewildered as he grabbed her wrists, stopping the assault from her fists. 
"I never blamed you," he said, pulling her into his chest, her arms twisted over one another as she tried to squirm from his hold, "I never blamed you."
"Yes you did, I heard it," she ground out, her tear filled eyes meeting his, displaying all of the hurt and anguish that she had been filled with since that horrible Christmas Eve. She pulled her arms from his grip, turning her face to the seated Dyson, "And you," she hissed pointing at him, her hands shaking, her words suddenly escaping her replaced by tears. Her tears fell onto the table, Abe's hands pulling her down into his lap, nuzzling her face into his neck. Her sobs were loud, wracking her entire body as Abe held her, her fingers twisting into the collar of his shirt.
Conall's scent gave him away as he knelt, brushing his knuckles against her cheek. Abe pushed Siofra from his chest, her fingers gripping his shirt as Conall reached a hand behind her head as the other brushed the hair from her face. Kissing her cheek, he moves his warm lips to her ear, "I'm sorry love," he whispered, "I never blamed you, it was an accident, one that no one could have prevented. You must have misheard my thoughts because I never thought that. Even if there hadn't been a wolf, your Jeep's four-wheel drive wasn't working, you prolly woulda spun out anyways." Siofra released Abe's shirt, burying her face into Conall's shoulder, "I forgave Kraze, because I knew it's what you would have done, eventually. Your heart is so big, you even forgave Kaeton for his hand in trying to kill you. I did what I knew was right."
"My brother is a piece of me," Dyson said, his eyes rimming in tears, "I would have disowned him if Conall hadn't done what he did. I'll always owe him for that," he nodded his head at Conall.
 Siofra stood abruptly, pulling both Abe and Conall to their feet, her eyes going to Dyson. "I think I'd be lost without Kraze," he almost whispered, his eyes roaming Siofra's face, "I'd be lost without Conall," he nodded his head again, lowering his gaze, letting the tears run down his cheek. He hated feeling broken like this, but something about his mate made him weak like this. "I'd be lost without you."
Minutes of silence stretched out between the mates. Siofra stood, her hands gripping those of Abe and Conall, her eyes never leaving the still seated Dyson. Could she blame him for his brothers actions? Can she blame him for being pulled into the plot to try and kill her with the promise of money by Kevin Bokan and his wife Shelley?
"I'm sorry," she sent out mentally, a small smile coming to the corner of the three men's lips as she moved her teary eyes from face to face, "I shouldn't have acted like that, I just..... there's still a lot of healing I need to do." She squeezed Conall's hand, the last of her tears falling and being brushed away by his thumb.
"I'm sorry," Dyson replies, wiping the uncommon tears from his face. Siofra nods at him, her head lolling over to bump Abe's shoulder.
“It’s time for bed,” she pulls the confused Conall along with Abe towards the stairs, “come on Dyson,” she calls, heading up the carpeted stairs. The men say nothing as she leads them into the master bedroom, Abe climbing into the bed first while Siofra helps Conall strip of his clothes. Pulling his pants off, she shoves him down onto the bed, turning to help Dyson shed his jeans. She pulled them down slowly, trailing her fingers over his thighs and calves, standing to her tiptoes to place a kiss on his lips. "I love you," she whispers to him, her fingers lining his jaw.
"I love you too," he smiles, his golden eyes lighting the room slightly.
Climbing under the sheets, Siofra positions herself on top of Conall, snuggling her face into his neck with his pine scent washing over her, pulling Abe closer with her right arm and Dyson closer with her left. The three mates settled in, Dyson and Abe throwing an arm over her waist and back as she sighed into Conall's skin. The warmth and closeness filled Siofra with ease, a smile caressing her lips as she drifts off to sleep.
"I love you all," she mumbles, Abe's fingers drawing circles underneath her tank while Dyson's massage at her hips. Conall weaves his fingers into her hair, pulling her face closer to him, his chin resting on her forehead.
"Love you too," was echoed in unison, bouncing off of the walls in the darkened bedroom and off of the walls of Siofra's heart.




CHAPTER TWELVE:
October 31, 2016

Roan's little footsteps slapping against the hardwood floor gave him away before the creak of the hinges and his screech before he launched himself onto the California King bed, landing at the feet of his parents, squealing. Siofra opened one eye, smiling down at her oldest as he wiggled and crawled his way up to be in their faces. She knew that he'd be excited, this being the first real time she was taking him trick-or-treating through town. 
"Mommy," he tried to whisper, giggles following, "mommy," he put his warm little hands on her cheek, shaking her face. He was so focused on trying to get her to react to him that he didn't notice Conall's hand hovering above his little waist, preparing for a tickle assault. Siofra smiled as she looked over at her husband closed eyes and expressionless face, obviously bracing himself for the screams and squeals he was about to coax from his son. 
Conall's hands descended taking Roan by surprise, the squeals at a high pitch tone filling the house as Siofra joined in, her laughs meeting that of her husband's. They were soon joined by Markie and Clyde, both dragging a blanket from their small beds and Abe and Dyson, all of them filling the massive bed laughing. Siofra smiled at the scene, being a perfect picture of the last month with her mates. A lot of love and happiness filled their home, and she kissed all of her mates, whispering a good morning to them and her sons.
"Mommy," Clyde giggled as Dyson tickled him, his little face red from laughing, "do we gwet to gwo twick-n-tweatin' too?" His little laughs made her giggle as Dyson gripped his waist, turning him upside down.
"Well of course," she smiled, tickling his bare belly as Markie jumped in her lap, "you two little monsters are going to be Batman and Robin," she hugged Markie to her placing kisses on his cheek. Her mother-in-law had picked up the costumes on a shopping trip to Miles City a week ago, seeing them and knowing they went with Roan's Superman costume. The twins shared a squeal of delight as they jumped from the bed, both falling to their knees and being swept up by their mother, "Time for a bath," she smiled, getting a resounding 'No" from her three children.
She got the boys into the tub, with the usual meltdown from Clyde, and all of them washed and rinsed in no time at all. Scrubbing them dry and wrapping their animal towels around them, she set them loose to run downstairs. "Mizz. Sam," Siofra heard the twins scream in unison, their little feet slapping against the floor to the kitchen.
"Love, Sam is here," Conall called up to her as she pulled on some clothes for the cold Halloween. A light dusting of frost was covering the grass as she peered out the window. Today was their second wedding anniversary and Siofra pulled his present from underneath her bras piled in the dresser drawer. She had made him a picture frame from old t-shirts she had pressed and laminated, putting a picture of their seven member family in it. The second anniversary is the ‘cotton’ anniversary, and she had mulled over an idea for a gift for three weeks, finally getting the idea from Martha Stewart. She had gotten the old shirts from Conall’s old bedroom at his parents home, working on the project when her mates were at the auto shop working. She was proud of the picture where her and Conall were seated on the couch with the boys on their laps, Dyson and Abe standing behind, each with a hand on one of her shoulders.
She knew there would probably be flowers waiting for her in the dining room as her three mates cooked breakfast, preparing for their busy day. The first part of their day was going to be spent in the auto shop helping Jason and Cassie decorate it as a haunted house for the kids. The second would be helping her mother-in-law bake pies and other sweet treats at the bar, preparing for the adult party that started after nine tonight, when all the kids would be home in sugar comas, supervised by babysitters. 
She quickly pinned her bangs into a small poof, pulling her hair into a ponytail as she jogged down the stairs, the smells of coffee and sausage filling her nose. She smiled at her vampire friend Samantha as she entered the kitchen, spying Abe manning the stove and Dyson helping Conall with the boys. “Morning,” she said, kissing her friend on the cheek and accepting an offered card along with a sweatshirt.
“Need to talk to you,” Sam smiled, her hand on Siofra’s elbow pulling her to the sliding door, “in private,” she saw the vampire smile to Conall as they stepped out onto the back porch. The morning air was cold, Siofra appreciating the sweatshirt her friend had prepared her with, pulling the Sherpa lined hood around her neck as they sat in the wooden swing, looking out over the frosty yard and pond. They sat in silence for a few minutes, the creaking of the cold hinges on the swing filling the space.
“Crawford had a confrontation,” she bit out the word, Siofra turning her face to the vampire, “with Amadeo DeSantis.” The vampire sighed lightly, casting her light eyes out over the yard and Siofra worried her bottom lip.
The mention of the Master vampire’s name made Siofra shiver. She hadn’t had any dreams involving the vile man since the night of her fight with Conall and Dyson and she hadn’t spared the evil being a thought. “What kind of confrontation,” she asked, leaning into Sam’s shoulder as the vampire snaked her arm around her shoulders. She mentally prayed that it hadn’t been too serious, guilt building in her heart thinking that the sweet Master vampire of New Orleans had felt the wrath of someone aiming for her. 
“Amadeo and his lackies,” Sam scoffed, “crashed Crawford’s annual Halloween masquerade last night. They made a lot of our people very uncomfortable. He demanded that Crawford send his slayers home, not mentioning from were, but Crawford knew.” She gave Siofra a sidelong glance, squeezing her shoulder and pulling her closer. Sam could see the concern cross Siofra’s brow. “Don’t worry, the slayers aren’t going anywhere.”
“They didn’t hurt Crawford, did they?” she asked, her eyes starring out over the pond, watching a large whitetail munch on some of the frozen grass. Amadeo’s grinning face invaded her mind, his fangs dripping red and his hazel brown eyes boring a hole into her soul. She closed her eyes tight, leaning over and putting her face in her hands she tried to squeeze him from her mind. 
“Of course they couldn’t hurt him,” Sam almost laughed, rubbing Siofra’s back, “it would be an automatic death sentence if Amadeo, or any of his lackies, were to hurt Crawford.” Siofra stood, releasing a breath she hadn’t realized she was holding, Sam wrapping her in a hug. “Don’t worry,” she whispered, “you’ve got a lot of good people looking out for you and the boys.”
“Yeah,” Siofra nodded, pushing the sliding door open, “but who’s gonna look out for all of you?” She tried to give her mates a sincere smile as she shed her sweatshirt, Sam joining the table with an offered cup of coffee from Dyson. Her boys were smeared with ketchup and maple syrup, their smiles making her laugh as she sat between Abe and Conall. “They’ll follow us tonight,” she nodded to Sam, pointing her finger out the window towards the ever present SUV parked up the road.
“Yup,” Sam smiled as Markie offered her a sausage link, his giggles filling the room as she ate it from his fingers, “I told them to follow closely.” It relieved Siofra that she had a little protection knowing that Amadeo still had her on his mind. Abe’s hand squeezed her thigh, Siofra looking at him, seeing that he was nodding his head towards he kitchen. Figuring he wanted some more of something, she got to her feet, crossing the room, a gasp filling her as she was bombarded by flowers on the island of the kitchen.
Orange and red roses, dotted with painted black daises filled an enormous vase, an orange bow tied around it. Picking up and tearing open an orange envelope, she sniffled away the tears that were trying to fall as she read the little card, Conall’s hand written words echoing through her heart. “I love you for all that you are, all that you have been and all you’re yet to be.” His warm arms snaked around her waist as the first tear slid down her cheek, Siofra pressing the card to her chest. 
“Happy anniversary,” he whispered in her ear, placing a kiss just below her right earlobe. She spotted a wrapped package and opening the large drawer in front of her, she handed Conall his, the wrapping paper a black and silver striped with an orange bow on top. “You didn’t have to get me anything,” he smiled, taking the present while Siofra pulled the box closer to her.
“I made it,” she smiled, pulling at the ribbon on the box, keeping an eye on Conall opening his. She laughed as she opened the box, the same picture she had framed for Conall staring back at her, Conall’s chuckle joining hers as she pulled the frame from the box. The frame was made from antler, Siofra’s fingers tracing them, feeling the rough edges and ridges.
“My elk?” she whispered, looking up at Conall.
“Yup,” he smiled,” I had my dad hang on to the antlers cuz I wanted to make you something with them.” She saw him run his fingers over the frame she had made him, his smile widening. “There’s more,” he whispered nodding his chin for her to keep looking in the box. She pushed the tissue paper aside, tears flowing down her cheeks as she saw the three little circles drop onto the counter.
“My rings,” she exclaimed, grabbing them up and shoving them on her fingers. Her engagement ring had been cleaned and it sparkled in the overhead kitchen light, her rose and white gold wedding band fitting perfectly with it. Slipping her mother’s Claddagh ring on her middle finger, she turned her eyes up to her husband, rising to her tip-toes to take his mouth in a kiss. She thought her rings had been lost when she had surrendered herself to Connor and Sabra, in the middle of the road in Miles City.
Wrapping his arms around her waist, he lifts her up, spinning her around the kitchen till she’s giggling in his ear. “The guys have something for you too,” he grinned, setting her down. Abe and Dyson stood there, both leaning on the door jam, sly smiles on their faces. Abe offered up a little felt box, Siofra taking it from him with a smile.
“Dyson and I went in on it together,” he smiled, “it represents us both.” Siofra flipped the lid open on the little box, more tears rimming her lashes as she takes in the magnificent ring. It was an orange-ish colored metal woven with a black metal. Taking it from it’s holding place, Siofra rolled it around between her index and thumb, marveling at it.
“It’s got an inscription,” Dyson smiled at her, his hands shoved down inside his jean pockets.
“’Forever yours,” she read out loud, “Abraham and Dyson’, I love it,” she looked up at Abe, her hand behind his head bringing his face to hers for a long kiss. Leaving him, she practically jumped on Dyson, her lips claiming his with a growl. She slipped the one of a kind ring on her right hand ring finger, holding it up for Sam to see in the dining room. The vampire shot to her side, twirling the orange and black metal around Siofra’s finger, ‘oohing’ and ‘awwing’ over it.
They dropped the boys off at Mike and Sylvia’s as they headed into town to help decorate the auto shop. Cassie loved the new ring on Siofra’s finger, elbowing her husband Jason, telling him in a not so quiet way that she wished he would buy her a new piece of jewelry. Jason grumbled, moving away from the two women to put up black plastic over the windows. They cleaned and decorated well into the afternoon, Sam departing to do some shopping up in Miles City, Cassie and Siofra leaving the four men to walk the block down to the bar to help their mother-in-law at the bar. 
They made every kind of sweet treat you can think off, pies, cookies and cakes, all put in the massive ovens of the bar kitchen. The women sighing as they checked on the pots cooking on the stove tops, taking a break into the empty bar, they each grab a cup of coffee sitting up on the bar stools. Susan loved the new ring Siofra had, giving her daughter-in-law a sidelong glance, "How do you do it hun?"
Siofra laughed, "How do I do what," she gave the retired female Alpha a quizzical look. Seeing a slight blush fill her mother-in-law's face, she knew the real question.
"You know," the silvery-strawberry blonde haired woman said, her face in her coffee cup, "all us old she-wolves wanna know how you do it." Siofra passed her look to Cassie, seeing that her sister-in-law's jaw was agape, her eyes wide. A heat wave filled Siofra and she was pretty sure that if she were to shed her knee high boots that her toes would be red. Her mouth became desert dry all of a sudden, her jaw moving up and down trying to form words.
"Umm," she mumbled, tapping her fingers on the bar, "if you mean, do I sleep with the three of them at the same time," she spared Susan a look, seeing the woman nod slightly, "than there's nothing to tell, because, umm, we haven't ventured down that road." Even Cassie looked disappointed as Susan let out a mumbled comment, their eyes never leaving Siofra's blushing face. Siofra shrugged her shoulders, "I haven't even tried to be with two of them let along all three," she took a sip of her coffee.
"Why the hell not," Cassie said, leaning over the bar so that she could see Siofra a little better. Siofra almost spit her coffee out, Cassie's attitude surprising her. "You have three hot-as-hell men," Cassie smiled, almost laughing, "and you're telling me you haven't taken advantage of it?" Siofra tried to clear her throat, coughing up what coffee she had almost choked on. All she could do was shake her head, Susan clapping her on the back.
"No *cough*cough*, I haven't," she said, "I didn't think it was something that, interested, the guys."
"Well how would you know if you don't ask," Susan said, her eyebrows knitting together, a sly smile on her face. She must have heard some talk spurring this conversation. Siofra just nodded, bringing a silent end to the topic, the three women changing the subject to their trick-or-treating house by house plan, finalizing the plans to drop the kids off with Jan Smithe after they were done. 
Cassie and Siofra left Susan to finish up the final touches, getting back to the garage at a little before five, saying their goodbyes till they would run into each other towing their children around town. The entire ride to pick up the boys, Siofra was silent, thinking about what Susan had brought up, the car filled with the men's conversations. When Conall put the Equinox in park, Siofra blurted out, "Do you guys wanna have a foursome?" getting all of them to turn to her, eyebrows raised and jaws open.
She kicked herself as they just looked at her, then at each other. She blushed, leaning her face into her hands, shaking it back and forth. A slow rumbling laugh came from Abe, Siofra turning to see him getting out, the laugh passing through Dyson and Conall as well. They left her in the vehicle to go get the boys themselves, “Great job Fry,” she mumbled to herself, “smooth, so smooth.” She kept quiet as they loaded the boys in, their chatter filling the car in seconds.
Getting the three toddlers into their costumes was more of a battle than Siofra had planned, but a little before six, all three were superhero clad and happy, their plastic jack-o-lantern pals in hand. Roan’s Superman costume had the fake muscles and he was flexing at every turn, especially when Sam rang the doorbell, making the vampire laugh. Siofra loaded the three boys into the Equinox, the men taking that so that Sam and her could take the Chevelle, heading towards town. They parked behind the bar, the men leaving the two women and three children to go dress in their costumes and man the ‘Haunted House’. 
The boys were on their best behavior as they held hands, saying “trick-or-treat’ and ‘thank you’ to every house they went to. The sun was disappearing as they ran into Cassie with her three kids, it being the first time Siofra actually met six month old baby Veronica. The little girl cooed at Siofra, jumping into her arms without hesitation, her blonde hair and brown eyes a spitting image of her mother. Tears threatened to fall as Siofra talked to the little girl, her arms shaking slightly, but she kept it together, Sam’s hand rubbing slight circles on her back. Cassie kissed her on the cheek, leaving the two women to drag her children in the opposite direction, promising to see them at the bar later.
Markie, or Batman as he insisted on being referred to, was sleeping in Siofra’s arms as they made their way back to the Equinox. Siofra pulled her spare keys for the SUV from her jean pocket, buckling the boys into their seats and stowing their candy in the back with their overnight bags. Jace Smithe’s parents lived near The Johnson’s, a road over from Airport Road on Follower. The she-wolf was happy to watch the pups, taking Markie from Siofra as Sam led Roan and Clyde through the living room to get them out of their costumes. The boys were PJ clad and in their sleeping bags before Siofra departed, sparing Jan a kiss on the cheek.
“Go to your house,” Sam directed as they pulled out of the gravel drive, Siofra giving her a sidelong look. “Just go, I bought you a costume,” the vampire giggled and Siofra knew the woman had something up her sleeve. They made it to the house, Sam pulling two black and red bags from her car in the driveway, taking Siofra by the hand and pulling her through the house, up the stairs to the master bedroom.
“Put this on,” she handed Siofra one of the bags, smiling a wicked smile, “and wear those real dark, real tight skinny jeans that you have.”
Siofra issued a fake frustrated moan, taking the bag and going into the bathroom. Inside the bag she pulled out a shoe box, a black and orange lace up corset, a glitter adorned eye mask, and orange hair pieces. The door swung open, Sam entering the bathroom wearing a similar costume only in silver and black, her hair in a high ponytail and a very short, very tight leather skirt on. She handed Siofra the jeans she wanted her to wear, helping her strip and pull them on along with the corset. It pushed up and squeezed her breasts so that they looked ample, and frankly, Siofra liked what she saw. Pushing the orange hair into place, Sam straightened all of it in a flash, braiding pieces on the side and meeting them in the back, pulling it all up in a tight ponytail. 
“Don’t you feel sexy,” Sam smiled, layering Siofra’s eyes with liquid black liner, mascara and orange and black glitter shadow. Siofra mumbled in agreement as Sam painted her lips with a bright red, glossy lipstick stain. Placing the black mask over her eyes, Sam turned Siofra to see the masterpiece she had created, Siofra’s jaw going wide at her reflection.
Her hair was amazing, the orange mixing effortlessly into her brown. Her makeup made her blue eyes ‘pop’, the mask bringing the focus in even more. She was more astonished at her physical appearance, the corset fitting like a glove, making her feel super sexy. She ran her hands down the sides of the corset. She hadn’t felt this good about her physical appearance since before Bronton took her hostage.
“Now the boots,” Sam smiled, breaking her concentration and opening the shoe box, handing Siofra the thigh high, shiny leather high heeled boots. She knew why Sam had requested she wear the tight jeans, as the boots slid up her thigh, the zipper coming all the way up from her ankle. They fit perfectly and Siofra gave her friend a hug, giggling as they left the house, headed back to town. She revealed that she was nervous as they parked by the Chevelle behind the bar, her hands getting a little sweaty.
“Oh please,” Sam scoffed, opening her door, “all the little single she-wolves and other women are gonna be dressed way more slutty than us. And besides, we look damn good, so why not flaunt it.” She pulled the driver’s door open in a blur of movement even before her own door was shut. The two women held hands as they made their way through the employee entrance, the sounds of Creedence Clearwater Revival’s “Bad Moon Rising” blaring through the kitchen as they approached the swinging doors. Sam went through first, pulling Siofra behind her, her eyes closed in nervousness at first.
The bar was packed as Siofra looked around for her mates, spying Roman and Ronald making their way over to her and Sam. She could tell right away that Roman was head over heels for the female vampire, his eyes locked on her, a silly grin on his face, and she wasn’t surprised when Sam squeezed her hand.
“Go get’em girl,” Siofra whispered, slapping Sam on the butt and sending her out from behind the bar. She gave Ron a small wave as she spied Sam join them, and she laughed to herself noting the twins Mario and Luigi costumes. They would forever be little boys at heart.
Coming out from behind the bar, she spotted Brandon Rose starring at her, his zombie makeup not hiding the harsh look he was passing her. As she walked past him, not looking at him, he had the nerve to growl, swatting his hand out to pat her rear-end, but Siofra just kept walking, ignoring him, her heels clicking on the hardwood under the loud music. She spotted Sylvia and Cassie huddled together near the pool table and she snuck up behind them, tapping each on a shoulder.
“Damn girl,” Sylvia said, hugging Siofra, “you look good enough to eat.” They all laugh, Siofra hugging Cassie and inspecting their costumes. Sylvia was a sexy Snow White, her dark hair curled and kept back with a red ribbon, the cute little yellow and blue dress coming barely down to her thighs, spread out with tulle, white thigh high stockings and red wedge heels. She looked damn good too. Cassie was a sexy pirate, her blonde hair down but mostly hidden under a black ‘Jack Sparrow’ hat, the short brown and black dress cut to look like rags with a white shirt under a tight bustier, knee high brown boots and a plastic pistol topping it all off.
“We still on for later,” Siofra asked. The girls along with Francie and Sam had a special show planned for everyone, especially their husbands, later on. They had practiced in secret for the last couple of weeks, sneaking the guitars and song sets around like thieves. Both girls nodded and it made Siofra giggle, all of them throwing their arms around one another’s waist, watching Siofra’s half-sister Lilith play pool with her husband Jace Smithe.
Lilith sent Siofra a sweet smile, her costume a sexy Red Riding Hood, complete with the red cape and small white and brown dress. Her long black hair was kept back with a red ribbon, her white-blue eyes smiling at Siofra as she waved hello, Lilith being in on the little surprise performance, playing drums. Jace was dressed in a toga with a gold sash and leaf crown, a plastic sword at his hip. His russet colored skin worked well with the white toga, his dark hair clipped short and gelled. His amber eyes winked at Siofra, his ever present ‘lady-killer’ smile on full display. He along with all of the other men were probably going to crap their pants when Siofra and the girls take the stage, but that’s what they wanted. They wanted the men to be so surprised that they are speechless.
"Bestest," Francie's squeal came from behind her, Siofra swinging Cassie and Sylvia around with her to spy her friend approaching, dressed like a sexy 'Chuckie' doll. Her red hair was straightened, hitting just below her shoulders and she had a little blue suspender dress made to look as if it had blood splatter on it. She had thigh high red boots on and was wielding a fake knife. She wrapped her arms around the three women, all of them giggling over their costumes. Lilith joined them after Jace went to find the guys and the women put their heads together, planning out the last few details of their performance. 
As they mingled throughout the bar room, Siofra told her friends about her ‘four-some’ blunder earlier in the day and she laughed right along with them, feeling stupid about how she brought it up. They ate and drank, each of them getting a little tipsy and before they knew it, it was midnight and time for their show.
“Go get your respective guys,” Sylvia laughed, dragging Cassie behind her to go get their husbands. Sam took Siofra’s hand pulling her through the bar room to the game room, past the pool tables with the smell of cigars and beer filling Siofra’s nose.
The men had set up a gambling area, complete with poker and roulette tables in the back of the game room. Siofra winked at Sylvia and Cassie as she passed them sitting on their husband’s laps. Alpha Mike was dressed like Napoleon, complete with a plastic sword and Jason was a handsome devil, little red horns and all. Siofra smelled and heard her mates before she saw them, Dyson’s laughter finding her ears as Sam pulled her to the back of the room to a poker table.
Conall’s eyes found hers first, the green piercing her as she saw him look her up and down, taking a long pause at her chest. He was a SWAT officer, black tactical pants and vest with a tight blue t-shirt underneath and a utility belt, nightstick and handcuffs included. She gave him a little wink and wave as Sam left her to get Roman, and she leaned her hands onto the top of the table, drawing Abe and Dyson’s attention.
If their jaws could’ve fallen off Siofra swears they would have, their eyes roaming her body. Abe was dressed as a Western gambler, igniting a fantasy within Siofra’s mind, a flat brimmed cowboy hat, long brown trench coat, plastic pistols and his worn out boots, with an unlit cigar jammed into the corner of his mouth. Dyson was a biker, most of his leather being his own, his chaps over a tight pair of jeans and the vest over his bare chest. She grinned at both, running a finger along their jaw lines simultaneously, getting a purr from Abe and a growl from Dyson. She finally noticed that Kaeton Bokan sat beside Conall, his eyes wide and starring at the same places that her mates were, and Siofra snapped her fingers in front of his Gene Simmons KISS painted face. She could tell that he blushed even under his heavy face paint, quickly turning his eyes to his cards in hand.
“What can we do for you love,” Conall growled, Siofra getting a whiff of desire rolling off of him. She closed her eyes, letting her head roll back slightly before she let a sly smile caress her lips as she thought about her and the girls little performance they had planned. Her mates were going to go crazy.
“Follow me boys,” she purred, taking Abe’s hand and pulling him to his feet, the other two men following. Sylvia and Cassie pulled their husbands to their feet, everyone filing out and into the live music room. They made their husbands sit in chairs they had already set up before the stage, Abe and Dyson standing behind Conall and the girls taking the stage. Lilith pinched everyone’s behind, taking her place behind the drums as Sylvia grabbed the bass, Cassie took the keyboard, Sam on lead guitar, Francie on the controls and Siofra on the mic, pulling Conall’s acoustic guitar to sit in the stand where she could reach it later.
“Big Sky Pack,” Sylvia’s voice rang out through the packed space, a resounding howl answering her call, the husbands being the loudest to reply, “we have a little show for you. All the she-wolves know what to do,” she grinned, the women yipping in return, “so please, enjoy our girl power.” Lilith counted them down with clapping her drum sticks together, kicking into “Call of the Wild” by Heart, the she-wolves on the dance floor going crazy and pulling people out to dance. Siofra ate it up, rocking the lyrics and dancing around stage, feeling badass and sexy. Ending the song with a bang, the girls were bombarded with howls and yips, their husbands practically jumping from their seats. 
Siofra could see the astonishment in Conall’s eyes. Abe and Dyson were elbowing each other like guys do when they’re bragging about something, both of their gazes locked on her form. She loved it. She felt wanted and needed, tuning into her mates mental signatures in an instant feeling the love and desire rolling off of them.
Pulling Conall’s guitar from the stand she sees a grin peek on his lips, and she smiles down at him leading the girls into their next song, “Crazy on You”, another by Heart. The hook in the beginning was all Siofra and she took a deep breath, playing the cords without tripping, smiling to herself. Playing her husband’s guitar felt great, her and Sylvia playing it up back to back, the girls singing the lyrics together moving all over the stage, working the crowd. They felt like mini rock stars, the crowd all out on the dance floor. 
Siofra was sweating like crazy, taking the little mask from her eyes, she whipped it into the crowd, seeing Abe and Dyson push each other to get to it. The girls took a short minute to gather, all of them breathing hard, smiling at one another. She takes an offered water bottle from Lilith, chugging half of it then passing it off to Francie. She saw a strange look pass over Sam's face, her eyes scanning the crowd then closing and her head rolling back slightly, taking in some scent un-noticed by Siofra. Elbowing her, Siofra asked, "What's up?"
Sam's eyes snapped open, but they didn't focus on Siofra. Instead she was still looking out over the crowd, searching for something. Shaking her head when she doesn't see anything, she says, "Thought I smelled something, but guess it was nothin'." She tried to smile at Siofra, but it was a hard job to pull off when she still thought that she smelled a threat. She scanned the crowd again as the girls shouted around her, her eyes searching for the owners of that rancid smell. 
Ghouls carried an unmistakable scent of rotting flesh and blood. They were abominations, a being stuck in an undead limbo between human and vampire. Not just anyone can become a vampire because not everyone's body can handle the change. Vampires can smell it on someone that they would survive the transformation, a certain protein in their blood giving it away. It was forbidden to try and change a human that didn't have that protein, but some vampires tried to do it anyways, mostly just for fun. The enzyme emitted when the human drinks the vampire blood essentially destroys the red blood cells inside the human body, killing all of the tissue. Within humans with the right proteins the enzyme then rebuilds the tissue, stronger and more resilient, but in humans without the protein it just leaves the body to rot while the mind becomes a trolling zombie like slave. They do a lot of dirty work for vampires who use them, killing and eating people who make the vampire mad. Their salvia carries a blood thinner, turning a simple bite in a human or Were into a traumatic injury in a hurry unless they can get to a hospital quick. They obey the vampire who tried to change them until, well, until they literally fall apart to the point where they can't exist anymore. 
"Hey," Siofra nudged Sam's shoulder, pulling her from her thoughts, "are you okay?" Her friends sky blue eyes peered at her underneath all of the makeup that Sam had applied for her, searching the vampire's face for an answer. Sam nods her head, slapping a hand on Siofra's shoulder.
"Great," she smiled, trying to shake the thought of Ghouls from her mind, "what's the next song?" All of the girls smile at her, shouting away over the crowd as they go through the play list Lilith has at the base of the drum set. A sly smile crept onto Sam's lips as she spied the next song, "Love Bites (So Do I)" by Halestorm, which is a split vocal between her and Siofra. One last pass of water bottles and Lilith cues up the next song with a countdown, Siofra taking Sam's mic stand and pulling it to center stage with hers as the guitars ring out the fast paced beat.
Siofra joins in on the chorus, rocking out with her vampire friend, seeing that Sam's attention is diverted to Roman's Mario costumed figure standing with the husbands. She smiles at her vampire friend, knowing that she had her eyes on the tall and lanky wolf. Taking Sam's guitar solo to dance around the stage, coming to stand next to Cassie and her keyboard, Siofra spots a strange man standing right beside the stage stairs, his eyes cast out over the crowd. 
He was a shorter guy, maybe five foot five, with pronounced muscles in his arms and chest, the t-shirt and leather jacket he had on practically bulging to hold them in. Going to stand at the edge of the stage closest to him, Siofra sings to a group of her Pack mates standing there, taking in the man's scent, noticing that he was very human. She also noticed that he kept one hand inside of his jacket at all times, his eyes darting out and over the crowd, not paying attention to the band at all. 
The girl’s transition into Paramore's "Misery Business", Siofra turning her attention from the strange human to her mates, jumping down onto the dance floor to mingle with the crowd as she sings. She finds out quick that Abe is a great dancer when he grabs her, spinning and grinding against her to the beat as she sang. The song ends as he spins her off into Dyson's arms, Siofra's lips meeting with his as he claims her mouth in a heated kiss, his hands pressing her hips to his leather clad waist, a recognizable hardness pushing into her stomach as he pressed her close. She smiled into his lips, feeling a growl vibrate in his chest, but she doesn't get to enjoy the feel of it as she's ripped from his arms and thrown to the floor.
Chaos breaks out around her as she fights with a horrible smelling person on top of her, it's hisses filling her ears. The stage lights are still going, sending streaks of color across the room, the roars and growls of all the patrons causing a deafening echo. Dyson's Berserker form appears above her, his elongated claw clad fingers swiping the hissing thing from her, pulling her to her feet. "What the hell," she screams, looking up to the stage to see Sam ripping arms from someone, Mike, Jason and Conall in wolf form fighting their own three assailants. Her Pack was shifting all around her, but she still couldn't make out their attackers. 
A limping woman breaks from the chaotic group, turning towards her Siofra notices that half of the person's face is missing. Her wolf immediately goes on the defense, her teeth elongating, her nails growing into steel hard weapons, her eyes glowing blue. "Get down," the shout comes from behind her, Siofra ducking to feel the rush of air flow over her head, a second later an arrow pierces the forehead of the woman before her, the body crumpling to the floor. Whipping her head around Siofra sees a thin blonde woman with a compound bow in hand, firing off three more arrows in a split second. 
The woman was about five foot four, her short blonde hair whipping around her chin as she fired arrows into the chaos, taking out the horrible smelling creatures. Siofra saw that she had a pistol on her hip and a quiver of arrows on her back. She nodded to the woman in thanks, bounding through the crowd to help her friends up on stage. Conall's black waist high wolf ripped the throat of one of those creatures out as Siofra jumped up beside him, the blood soaking her clothing in it'\s spray. Knowing that her mate and his brothers were doing just fine, Siofra sprinted to help her vampire friend who was pinned underneath a hissing man.
Booting the thing in the ribs with her high heel, Siofra helps Sam to her feet, surveying the club together. "What the fuck are those things," Siofra shouted, kicking the head off of another aggressor, sending the skull splattering against the cement wall. 
"Ghouls," Sam hissed, pulling the arms off of another, then decapitating it with a swift twist of its neck. "BRAD," she shouted, her voice humming over the chaotic noise, the man Siofra had spied on the edge of the stage joining them, firing off at the creatures from his two Colt Peacemaker revolvers. He winked at Siofra, his dark blue eyes dancing with excitement from the action. Siofra could see Dyson and Abe, fighting on the dance floor side by side, sending body parts flying.
She sees Kraze’s figure join her mate, a twinge of hate building inside of her towards the wolf who caused her accident last Christmas Eve. She spots the blonde woman with the bow and arrows, aiming at a Ghoul to the right of Dyson, then everything seems to move in slow motion. Kraze is thrown off balance, bumping his right shoulder into his twin, sending Dyson’s Berserker form into the path of the blonde woman’s arrow, Siofra’s high pitched scream filling the air as the silver tipped arrow connected with Dyson’s back, sending him roaring to the floor.
Ignoring the yells of the slayer Brad, Siofra launches herself towards the edge of the stage, bullets wizzing past her head on each side, taking out the Ghouls chasing her. She was too focused on her bleeding mate, thrown off by a tackle, pushing her on her back, her head at the very edge of the stage. Her vision of Dyson’s crumpled figure was upside down, her hands reaching out for him, her voice screaming his name as the Ghoul’s shark like teeth ripped into her neck, the pain making her shriek. 



CHAPTER THIRTEEN:

Samantha ripped the Ghoul off of Siofra, tearing it’s head off and quickly kneeling by her friend’s side. Frantically she tries wrapping her hand around the she-wolf’s neck to try and stop the gushing blood flow. “A little help over here,” she yells, Brad coming to her back, still firing his pistols, handing Sam a handkerchief, sparing a look at the gurgling Siofra.
“Jesus,” he whispers, holstering his pistols as the onslaught of Ghouls stops, the wretched beings being summoned back to hell by their master. Kneeling he takes the handkerchief from the shaking Sam, seeing the vampire’s fangs are out, the blood tempting herself control. “Go check on the others,” he says, his fingers delving into the mess the Ghoul had made of Siofra’s neck, finding the jugular and pressing down on it, trying to stop the blood flow. “We need to get this one to the hospital,” he yelled to no one in particular.
“This one too,” he hears his partner, Gina, yell in reply, his eyes finding her blonde form hovering over a wolf on the dance floor. Gina’s arrow had found the spine of the Berserker mate of the wolf they had been sent to protect, and she knelt, gripping the shaft of the arrow.
“Hold him still,” she issued to the tiger over Dyson’s moans, “I need to take it out before the silver gets too far into his system.” The tiger held onto the wolf’s arms, Gina taking a deep breath in and holding it as she quickly yanked the arrow from his body, his howls piercing the air, fading into sobs as the pain set in.
Conall’s green eyes moved from his fallen ‘brother’, Dyson, up to the stage where his wife lay, choking on her own blood, Brad motioning him over with his free hand. He was speechless, kneeling next to Siofra, her blue eyes tearing and searching his face, her hands grasping at the air to touch him, gripping at his shirt. “Where’s the nearest hospital,” Brad asked, pulling Conall’s hand to replace his pressure on Siofra’s throat. Conall mumbled that it was Miles City, his left hand fingers feeling the heat of Siofra’s blood spill over them as he covers the wound.
“Put him in the back of the Tahoe, G,” he yelled to Gina, coaxing Conall up to his feet, searching the crowd for the two government agents, finding them standing with Sam. “We need your lights and sirens,” he issued to the twins, pulling Conall past him into the cold Montana air. The bar emptied, the slightly injured Big Sky Pack members watching their Pack mates being loaded into the back of the blacked out SUV and the bright red Chevelle. 
Conall held Siofra in his lap, tears running down his cheeks as Brad cranked the Chevelle to life. “Why isn’t her wolf healing her,” he cried out, his wolf on edge trying to send his wife some of its power to try and heal her. He put his fingers to Siofra’s lips when she tried to say something, blood spilling from the corner of her mouth. Blue and red lights fill his vision as Brad speeds onto the highway behind the black Dodge Charger of Roman and Ronald, Sam in the back seat, Gina driving their Tahoe behind him.
“Stop freaking,” Brad issues, his eyes looking in the rearview mirror, trying to keep tabs on his ward, “just stay strong for her. She needs you. She needs your strength.” Turning his eyes back to the dark highway, he slaps his hand on the steering wheel, damning himself for not seeing the signs of the Vegas vamp’s trick. It brought back way too many memories, pictures that pulled at his heart making tears fall onto his stubble ridden face.
It had been two years since his fiancé had been murdered in front of him, but her screams still found him every time he was working. They had been camping, the two twenty year olds celebrating being together for five years, Brad proposing only four hours before on their drive out to the secluded spot in the Nevada wilderness. They were in the Washoe Lake State Park, in Carson City, Nevada, the last trek of their summer country tour before heading home to Nebraska. He had awoken to her cries for help, jumping from their pop-up camper to be surrounded by vampires. Amadeo DeSantis and his ‘children’ had been passing through, when they came upon the lonely campsite, and they decided to have a midnight snack. His fiancé, Brandy, had cried for him as the tall blonde, Viking of a man held her to him, her neck exposed. A tall, menacing African American vampire had held him down, his face forced to watch as they took turns drinking his Brandy’s blood, draining her dry before knocking him out. 
“Just talk to her, tell her it’ll be okay,” he almost whispered to Conall in the back seat, wiping the tears from his cheeks with the back of his hand, expertly weaving the Chevelle through the lonely traffic to keep pace with Roman’s lead foot.
Conall leaned his forehead to rest of the bridge of Siofra’s nose, his tears dripping down onto her bloodied face. “I love you,” he choked out, her skin clammy under his touch. He kissed her lips lightly, but they didn’t respond, they were cold on his, and he sobbed, grabbing her tighter to him. “You can’t leave now, “ he cried, pressing down harder on her neck to try and push his will for her to live into her veins. “I just got you back. You can’t leave again.”
Siofra couldn’t feel her body. All she registered was numb and cold. Her vision was in and out, focusing and then fading. She could hear snippets of things. The roar of her Chevelle’s engine, Brad’s voice telling her husband to talk to her, Conall’s sobs. She couldn’t move to hold him even though every fiber in her being wanted to. She wanted Abe and Dyson to be here too, but Dyson was hurt. Where was Dyson? She thought, the fear of him being dead crossing her mind. She tried to say something, pain and warm liquid filling her throat instead, making her choke, her vision clearing temporarily to see her blood splatter up an on Conall’s tear stained face.
The normal hour and twenty minute drive to the Miles City hospital only took twenty minutes with the fear driven speed of Roman and Ronald, their black Charger screeching into the ER ambulance parking zone, the blue and red lights drawing nurses through the glass doors. “We need help,” Ronald yelled, running back to open the passenger door of the Chevelle, helping Conall carry his wife from the back seat. 
Stretchers were rolled out, a huge number of nurses and doctors filing out into the parking lot to help with Siofra and Dyson, all shouting directions and vitals to each other as they wheel the two into the hospital. Conall stays by Siofra’s side, her weak hand in his, till he’s pushed away, the nurse telling him he needs to wait in the waiting room as they push her and Dyson behind locked double doors. He was covered in her blood as he looked down at himself, slowly turning to face Abe, his cowboy costume covered in Dyson’s blood. Conall felt dizzy, Abe catching him under his arms, sinking to the floor by the nurse’s desk, both men sobbing, their heads leaned against one another. 
Sam sank into one of the thinly cushioned waiting room chairs, her face in her hands rested on her knees. She felt Gina’s presence across from her, raising her eyes to meet the slayers, seeing tears rimming her big brown eyes. “I should have seen this coming,” Gina whispered, her voice edged with tears, sinking back into the plastic chair across from Sam. Crawford had trusted her to keep Siofra and Sam safe, and she had failed.
“No one could have foreseen their use of Ghouls, G,” Sam issued, trying to give the tearful girl a smile, placing a hand on her knee. “Use the energy for thinking of revenge and put it into praying that Siofra and Dyson make it through this,” Sam said, turning her eyes away, tears streaming down her cheeks. She patted Gina’s knee lightly, leaning back and slumping her shoulders against the back of the chair, Roman sitting beside her. He seemed to know that she didn’t want to talk, throwing his arm around her shoulders, he pulled Sam close, her head resting in the crook of his shoulder, her tears sinking into his Mario costume.
An hour passed. The group in the waiting room was joined by Alpha couple Mike and Sylvia, Jason, Cassie, Conall’s parents and Siofra’s father. 
Two hours passed; Conall demanding that the nurse behind the desk go and find out what’s going on, being calmed and made to sit down by his brothers and Abe. At the three hour mark, they all jumped to their feet as a scrub clad nurse came through the double doors, shedding a plastic robe and heading for them, pulling the cap from her hair.
“Mr. Johnson,” she addressed Conall, her face solemn and emotionless, “your wife lost a tremendous amount of blood, but we’ve repaired her jugular and her body has started to heal the wounds, slowly.” She looked around the group, her hands clasped in front of her, “The Ghouls saliva is a blood thinner, so we’ve put your wife on a dialysis machine, to purge her blood, and her body has reverted to a slight coma, trying to recover from the blood loss. We aren’t quite sure when she’ll come out of it, so we are going to keep her sedated. There is one thing you need to know,” she lowered her tone, pulling Conall from the group, closer to the double doors. Abe’s eyes follow them as the others start to whisper around him, straining his ears to try and hear the nurse address Conall.
“What is it?” Conall says, his voice cracking, fearing the worst.
“Mr. Johnson,” the nurse looked at him, “did you know your wife is pregnant? Only about five weeks along?” The shock must have played across his features, because the nurse threw her hands up, gripping his hands in hers, “Don’t worry, don’t worry,” she said, “the baby is okay,” Conall releases the breath he was holding, leaning back against the wall. “It’s heartbeat is strong, but we are going to keep the monitor on your wife, to keep track,” Conall nodded at her, the shock still filling him as he ran a shaky hand over his jaw.
He led the nurse back to the group to update them on Dyson. “Mr. Killian however, took an arrow to the spine,” the nurse rubbed her hands together, interlacing her fingers as she looked around at the people, settling on Kraze. “We won’t be sure what kind of damage the silver tip did until he’s out of surgery, but he may be paralyzed. The silver had enough time to sink into his system, causing some pretty bad damage to his spinal cord.” She left the group with a promise she’d be back out within the next hour with more news, all of them settling back into their chairs in shocked silence.
“Siofra’s pregnant,” Conall says, his face blank with exhaustion. He meets his family’s eyes, one by one, the emotion of the situation spilling over when he meets his mother’s, seeing the tears spill softly down her cheek. Abe throws his arm over his shoulders, patting Conall on the back as he tries to hold back the tears. Cassie’s sobs whisper in the quiet, leaning her head on Sylvia’s shoulder as the two women console one another, silently praying for their sister-in-law. They both know she wouldn’t be able to handle it if something happened to this baby as well. Last year was hard enough on their loved Siofra, they didn’t want it to happen again.
Conall angrily threw his back against the chair cushion. This was not what his family was supposed to be going through. They were supposed to be happy with Siofra finally home. He slammed his clenched fist down on the arm of the plastic chair, shattering it so that the pieces fly on the floor of the quiet waiting room, the nurses eyes meeting his and quickly darting away back to their papers.



~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~



“What the fuck were you thinking,” the hiss of Amadeo’s voice rang in Kalevi’s ears, his hand tight around his throat, holding the Viking up against the wall in the penthouse as the hazel-brown of his eyes seemingly burning through his ‘son’. “Ghouls?!? You stupido stronzo!” Amadeo snapped his wrist, flinging Kalevi across the room to crash into the marble bar, smashing the stone and turning it to rubble, crumbling around the blonde vampire. 
Amadeo roared into the empty air, his normally well-kept hair disheveled from his rage filled rant. Straightening his shirt, he ran his long fingers through his hair, pulling it into a rubber band and facing his Viking ‘child’ watching him try to stand from the ruined bar.
“I told you to go and watch her,” he ground out, stalking towards Kalevi, “I told you to play with the slayers, to play with that damned Samantha,” his heavy Italian accent hissed at her name. “I did not however, give you permission to make an army of Ghouls and then to use them to attack her!” He gripped Kalevi’s throat again, the blonde vampire’s ice blue eyes widening, his hands thrashing at Amadeo’s face.
“Please, father,” Eeva’s trembling voice makes Amaedo stop, turning to see her tearing face, “please. My brother was driven by lust, please forgive him,” she cried, falling to her knees at Amadeo’s feet. He tossed Kalevi away, back across the penthouse to crash against the Italian marble doors. “Thank you father,” Eeva whispered, still on her knees, backing away to go to her brother’s side. 
“You have disappointed me, Kalevi,” he growled, picking up a decanter filled with still warm blood from the coffee table. “You have set my plans back with your stupidity.” He chugged down the type B, alcohol tainted blood, wiping the back of his hand across his mouth. He tapped his long fingernails on the glass of the window, starring out over the Vegas skyline, the ever present lights bouncing and flashing, drawing humans in like moths to a flame.
“I’m sorry father,” Kalevi choked, rubbing his throat, accepting help from his sister as he stood. “I thought I could bring her to you with the Ghouls help.”
Amadeo laughed, the sound bouncing off of the glass in front of him, “That was your first mistake,” he chuckled, giving the blonde vampire an evil look. “Thinking I needed you to bring her to me.”
He strolled to the sitting room, gracefully sitting in his usual high-back chair, motioning for Eeva and Kalevi to join him. They hesitantly sit, keeping their distance from their Master. “I will go get that sweet little she-wolf, when I’m ready,” he hissed, sliding a glass of blood across the table to his ‘children’.
"There is one more thing, father," Kalevi meekly replied, taking the glass of blood from the table. Seeing Amadeo nod for him to continue, he takes a long sip of the blood. "She's pregnant," he all but whispers, his ice blue eyes downcast.
"Hmmm," is all Amadeo replies, tapping his long fingers on his crystal glass. Now his plans would have to be pushed back, leaving the wolves enough time to think that they are safe, to put their guards down. Then he would slither in and strike, bringing that sweet little doggie to her knees. It'll be even sweeter now that she's carrying a child. Amadeo's mouth waters at the thought. He might need a little help this time. Help from someone more competent than his children.




CHAPTER FOURTEEN:

November 4, 2016

Siofra awoke, stiff and in pain, to Markie cuddled to her chest, his dark hair tickling her nose. She immediately realized she was in a hospital room, the smell of sanitizing products wafting around her as she raises her hand, brushing her son’s hair from her face. She licks her chapped lips, trying not to stir her son as she shifts her body, trying to reach for the remote to move her bed. Just barely grasping it, she presses the button to raise the back of her bed, the groan of the little motor coming to life. As it moved up, the motion pulled on the strap connecting the fetal heart monitor around her stomach, pulling it free, sending a loud beeping throughout the room, out into the nurse’s station.
Markie jumped at the sound, Siofra’s arms going around his body, holding him to her as nurses rushed into her room, followed closely by Conall and Abe. They looked tired as Siofra peered at them, moving her attention to the nurses fumbling with the monitor, ending the beeping noise and pulling Markie from her arms to readjust the monitor around her stomach, causing Siofra to ask them, “What are you doing?” Her voice scratchy and dry, bringing tears to her eyes from the stinging in her throat.
“Love,” Conall’s smooth voice finds her, sitting beside her, taking her in a hug. His pine scent filled her with ease, Abe’s sandalwood joining it and filling her with joy. Tears quietly flowed down her cheeks, hugging two of her mates tightly. She was happy they were okay. She was glad to be awake and alive. “Do you remember?” he asked.
“Yeah,” she choked, wiping the moisture from her face, “the ghouls and Dyson.” She looks around her, gripping her hands into the men’s shirts. “Where’s Dyson?” Her heart starts to race, her breathing coming in quick bursts, one of the nurses putting an arm on hers.
“You need to calm down hun,” the middle aged nurse smiles, pointing to the little monitor. “The stress isn’t good for the baby.” Siofra astonished face turns to Conall and Abe, tearful smiles on both of their faces.
They explained to Siofra how she had been out of it for four days, handing her glass after glass of water. They explained about the baby and how the doctors judged that she was probably five weeks along and that she would have to take it extra easy with this pregnancy due to the stress on her body and the unknown effects that her accident and self-inflicted stab wound had caused to her body. Only time would tell, the doctors had told them. 
“Where is Dyson,” she ground out, looking from Conall to Abe, seeing a sad look pass between them.
“He’s down the hall lover,” Abe said, trying to give her a smile. “He’s been askin’ bout ya. He’s, um ... he was hurt real bad,” Abe mumbled, his hazel eyes rimming in tears.
Siofra took his hand in hers, pulling his stare back to her face, begging him to tell her. “He....um... he can’t walk,” Abe choked, leaning his arm on Conall’s shoulder, accepting an arm around his shoulders in support. Siofra couldn’t believe it. Leaning to be in between two of her mates, the men surrounding her, each laying a cheek on one of her shoulders, the three of them cried quietly.
Getting the okay from a doctor, Conall and Abe help Siofra into a wheelchair and wheel her down three rooms, pushing her in to see Dyson. He was sitting up against his bed, talking with his twin Kraze when she came around the pulled curtain, pushed by Abe, their eyes meeting.
“Hey,” Dyson whispered, Siofra seeing moisture rim his golden eyes, she reached her hands out to him. Abe pushed her right to the edge of the bed, Dyson’s strong arms pulling her up into the bed with him, careful not to squeeze her too tightly, pulling her head to his neck and hugging her to him, her tears mingling with his on his skin. 
They felt Abe and Conall join them on the bed, each placing a hand on top of Dyson’s that was on Siofra’s hip, leaning their faces into Siofra’s chest and back. The four mates lay there, entangled, just breathing each other in, crying softly, letting their senses fill with each other. Lifting her head from Dyson’s shoulder, she gripped his face, her forehead against the bridge of his nose.
“I’m sorry,” she cried, tears dripping from her chin to hit Dyson’s hospital gown. She felt his hand run up from her hip, trace her back and tangle in the back of her hair, pulling her lips to his, his other hand caressing her face, filling her with love and desire for this broken man.
She softly moaned into his lips, feeling Conall’s touch move to her stomach as Abe’s moved to her back, Dyson releasing her lips. “It wasn’t your fault,” he whispered, kissing the tip of her nose and her eyebrow, his hands massaging into her neck, his thumb brushing his marks on either side of her spine. “I’ll be okay,” he murmurs, pulling her down to snuggle against him again, Abe and Conall settling in with them. “Just rest Siofra,” he whispered, feeling her relax as Abe rubs her lower back and Conall rubs her stomach.
"Does it hurt," she whispered, tracing an invisible pattern across the chest of his hospital gown.
"No," he replied, his cheek rested on the top of her head, "not really. It's weird, I can feel when I need to use the bathroom, which they say is good. I try to wiggle my toes, but nothing happens," he sighed deeply, running his fingers through her hair. He was determined not to feel bad for himself, not to have people pity him. With his fingers under her chin, he tilts Siofra's face up to his, "How are you feeling?"
She shrugged, not really sure how to answer. She was sore all over, especially her neck and she hadn't even bothered to ask for a mirror to see the damage done by the Ghoul that had bit her. There were butterflies gathering in her stomach with the notion of her being pregnant, her nerves getting the best of her already. An unfamiliar cough rings out, Siofra swiveling her head to see Kraze, her anger building instantly at his presence.
"You," she hisses, sitting up pushing her mate's hands away from her. Tears filled her eyes, both in anger and sadness seeing the man’s hurt reaction to her appraisal of him, his figure backing away from his brother's hospital bed.
"Mommy," the squeals fill the room, Siofra turning her attention to the door to her three boys bounding into the room, Susan Johnson on their heels. Roan jumped up on the hospital bed, hugging his mother tight around her shoulders, Clyde snuggling in next to him saying, "Don't hug Mommy too tight, she has babies in her tummy." It brought tears to her eyes, and she kissed each of her boys, Markie hugging to Dyson's chest.
"Baby," she corrects Clyde, brushing his brown hair from his face, noting they will need haircuts soon.
"No, mommy," Roan smiles, crawling into Abe's lap, "angels say babies. That means there is more than one." He smiles wide at her, looking so much like Kyle and Siofra turns her wide-eyed face to Conall. He just shrugs, gets up and goes to see if he can find her doctor. He returns with the doctor who takes Siofra and Dyson's blood pressure, then opts to wheel Siofra down to an exam room, bringing Conall along. 
“Now there’s no guarantee that an ultrasound will show us this early,” the doctor said, pushing up Siofra’s gown and rubbing some gel on her stomach, flicking on the small machine. “But we’ll try.” Conall sat facing the screen of the ultrasound, holding Siofra’s right hand as the doctor presses the little wand to her lower stomach, rolling it around, the black and grey images just a jumbled puzzle.
“There we are,” the doctor mumbles, focusing the wand, Conall spotting an image he’d seen once before in person. “Guess your little guy is right, you’ve got twins.” Siofra gasped, squeezing Conall’s hand as she closed her eyes tight, tears escaping down her cheeks. “It seems they are growing well,” the doctor says, pointing to the screen and Conall issues his thanks, helping Siofra wipe off the gel and get back down into the wheelchair.
Rolling her into the elevator, Conall can feel that she’s nervous. “What if something goes wrong,” she whispers, emotion pulling at her voice, wiping the back of her hand across her cheeks. 
“Stop,” Conall whispers, leaning down and kissing her cheek, running his hand down her arm to interlace their fingers. “Just focus on getting better. We’ll be taking you two home in a few days and all I want you and Dyson to focus on is getting healthy.” When Siofra rolls her head back to smile at her husband, he captures her mouth in a stolen moment of intimacy, their tongues searching one another for safety, their hands gripping in each other’s hair as the elevator opens on a ding.
Over the next three days the four mates and their families made preparations to go home, Abe helping the Pack build ramps at some of the homes so that Dyson could easily get around. Dyson worked with the doctors and physical therapists to help make his transition home easier, making plans to have a therapist come to the house twice a week. The hospital provided him with a wheelchair, but he opted to buy one himself, wanting one more his ‘style’. Kraze delivered it before they left on the eighth.
Siofra was still in her room, pulling on a pair of sweatpants when Dyson came speeding around the corner, skidding his wheelchair to a stop with a sly smile on his lips. Patting his lap with his hand he says, “Come on, hop on, I’ll give ya a ride,” his smile makes Siofra laugh ans shaking her head at him as she grabs her duffel bag.
Sitting on his lap she lays her head on his shoulder as his palm runs across her stomach, Siofra closing her eyes as Dyson pushes them out into the hall. Opening her eyes, she sees Abe and Conall smiling at them as they approach, both with flowers and balloons in their hands. Figuring out how to fold up the wheelchair took Abe, Conall and Kraze while Dyson and Siofra sat in the Equinox, silently laughing at the three men. The hour and twenty minute drive was halted by one pit stop, Siofra screaming at Conall to pull over before she vomited in the car, instead vomiting in the frosty grass on the side of the highway as Abe held her hair. She spent the rest of the car ride draped over Dyson and Abe’s laps in the backseat, her head on Abe’s chest trying not to get car sick again.
The boys were waiting for them in the front yard, their hats and mittens pulled on to ward off the cold air. The twins kissed their mother, leaving her to jump on Dyson’s lap as he wheeled himself over the brick walkway, the new ramp making him smile as he reached the front door. Roan held his mother’s hand as they entered the house, family members and Pack mates filling the home with smiles and warm food. 
Their first afternoon back home was spent eating great food, well wishes and a few baby gifts, most of the visitors leaving around six to go fix dinner for their own families. Yawning into Dyson’s shoulder, Siofra stood from the couch, heading for the stairs to go take a shower.
“Love?” Conall’s voice stopped her, his face peeking around the wall from the kitchen with a dish towel thrown over his shoulder. “Remember the Doc said not to go up and down the stairs too much,” his green eyes were full of concern, Siofra smiling back at him, nodding her head as she headed up the stairs, slowly.
The familiar hot water felt great as Siofra stepped in, the steam fogging up the glass door. She stood there, just letting the water run over her, her muscles relaxing. The smell of sandalwood hits her as Abe’s hands wrap around her waist, a sigh escaping her lips as she leaned back into his naked front. He roamed his hands over her body, stopping only to gather the shampoo, lathering it and massaging it through her hair, Siofra’s eyes closed as she enjoyed the feeling. 
Turning her to face him, Abe kisses Siofra sweetly, letting his lips linger on hers, her hands tangling in his shoulder length hair. Lifting her legs up and wrapping them around his waist, Abe smiles as Siofra bites her bottom lip, her eyes locked on his, closing only for a second when he slowly enters her.
Siofra feels complete, a small moan escaping into the shower as Abe takes his time, gingerly drawing out her pleasure, her back pressed up against the tile wall. “I love you,” she whispered, running her right fingertips down the side of Abe’s face, kissing him passionately as he takes her left hand, interlacing their fingers.
“I love you,” he purrs in her ear, his teeth nipping lightly at his marking scars on her left shoulder, the sensation sending Siofra over the edge, her climax making her scream out bringing Abe’s right behind it. She tightened her grip on his waist, not wanting him to put her down, reaching behind her and shut off the water. Holding onto him, Siofra snuggled her face into his shoulder as he stepped from the shower, grabbing a towel and taking them into the bedroom. Rubbing the towel through both of their hair while still holding onto her, Abe lays them both down in the bed, pulling the sheets up around their chests.




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~




November 24, 2016: Thanksgiving Day

Siofra was standing at the kitchen counter, looking out the small window over the sink, taking in the peaceful start to the morning. The snow covered the ground, sticking around past dawn for the first time this season, the temperature outside being around thirty degrees. It covered everything, dusting the back porch giving away the path of a rabbit, framing the pond making it look peaceful and unsullied. The boys were up in the tub with Conall and Abe was out in the woods helping Porkchop get an early start on building his log cabin before dinner. The were-boar had purchased ten acres at the back of Conall and Siofra's property, the old tractor road being the boundary line. 
“Siofra?” came Dyson’s voice. “Can you come help me?” Siofra put her steaming coffee on the counter, wrapping her robe tie tighter, following the sound through the toy room to Dyson’s bedroom.
He was sitting on the edge of the bed, trying to pull on a pair of jeans. She knelt down, tugging his jeans on and pulling a pair of socks on for him. “Thank you,” he smiled at her, grasping her face and kissing her sweetly. He pulled her up into his lap, running his hands over her stomach, sending tingles throughout her body. They had tried to be intimate in the last couple of weeks, but Dyson hadn’t been able to feel much, only sporadic sensations. His doctor told them to keep trying, massaging and touching, because the repetition of the activity could help, hopefully eventually making it so that Dyson could make love to her again.
Siofra had to admit, he was very independent. He rarely ever asked for help except when it came to traveling. He could shower and use the facilities on his own and Conall was working on installing a chair lift on their stairs so that he could go upstairs and down into the basement, when Abe finished refurbishing it. He never talked down about himself or his situation, he even joked about it. His chest and arms had grown, the work with his physical therapist being twice a week and working out on his own, using Jason’s weight bench he had at the auto shop while Conall and Abe worked.
Little footfalls come rushing at them and the three boys jump onto Dyson’s bed, bouncing lightly as their giggles fill the room. Siofra smiles as Dyson leans back, grabbing the twins and tickling them, pulling Clyde with him as he slides into his wheelchair. The doorbell chimes and Siofra follows Markie to the front door, helping his little arms pull the door open to see Samantha on the stoop joined by slayers Brad and Gina.
“Good mornin’” she smiles, kissing each of them on the cheek as they cross the threshold, Brad sweeping Markie into his arms and swinging the boy around. After the Halloween incident, Brad and Gina had made themselves known, spending nights hanging out with the family and Pack.
Siofra accepted a bouquet of harvest colored flowers from the blonde haired Gina, giving the girl a one armed hug as they entered the kitchen, Conall at the stove cooking breakfast as Dyson set the table. Siofra had learned the slayers sad story, and she squeezed the girl’s shoulders tight before releasing her to help Brad wrangle the boys into their high chairs. “How are the babies,” Gina asked, her eyes skirting to Siofra’s stomach and back up to her face.
“Good,” Siofra smiles, running her hand subconsciously over her robe, “Michelle says they are growing fast. They are already at the twelve week measurement mark. She thinks it might be because of all the magic that I’ve been exposed to,” Siofra smiled seeing Conall wink at her.
“They are gonna be two big boys,” Conall boasted, puffing his chest out as he set the plate of pancakes on the table, turning to strut back to the kitchen making all of the adults around the table laugh.
“And what if they’re girls,” Sam laughs, taking and filling her cup with coffee, quickly sending an apologetic look Siofra’s way. She was issued a small smile, Siofra excusing herself to go get dressed for the day, slowly making her way up the stairs.
“If they’re girls, they’ll be as beautiful as their mama,” Dyson said loud enough for her to hear as she topped the stairs, bringing a smile to her lips. He always knew just what to say.
She pulled on a pair of dark blue, boot-cut jeans, thick knee high socks, a white spaghetti strap tank, rubbing her coconut lotion on her arms and stomach to ward off the ever present winter dryness, and her favorite light grey, cowl neck sweater. Pulling her hair back into a ponytail she turns her head side to side, inspecting the scars left by the ghoul. They were minimal, her wolf had done a great job in healing her, but in the right light there were white patches visible. Pinning her bangs back with a few bobby pins, she applies a little mascara, brushing her cheeks with a light powder. 
There was cheery laughter coming from the dining room as she entered the kitchen, taking her coffee cup and retrieving her vitamins from the cupboard. Leaning forward with her hips against the counter, she tried to get the bottle open, pushing down and turning like it said she had too, when a flash of Amadeo's fangs struck like lightening in her mind, making her drop the bottle just as it opened. The pills go all over the sink and floor, drawing Dyson into the kitchen, concern all over his face.
Siofra gripped the counter, her fingers digging into the granite, her eyes closed tight trying to squeeze the image out. Dyson snakes his arms around her waist, his right hand brushing her stomach sending shocks through her, making her gasp loudly as she sits in his lap.
"He wants the babies," she whispers in his ear, his hand cradling the back of her head. "He wants the boys too," she cried, her tears streaming down her cheeks, Dyson pulling her into his chest.
"We won't let that happen," he whispered, his lips against her forehead.
"None of us will let that happen," Siofra raised her eyes to the doorway, to see Sam smiling at her joined by Brad and Gina. Conall pushed through them, the boys on his heels to kneel at the side of Dyson's chair, running a hand along Siofra's thigh. She wiped away the tears, nodding and standing, accepting a hug and lingering kiss from her husband as Sam and Dyson picked up what they could of the pills she had spilled, returning them to the bottle.
Sam took Siofra’s hands, “Crawford is coming with some of our people and your brother is here with the feds and none of us will let them hurt anyone, let alone the boys.” Siofra threw her arms around her vampire friend, hugging her tight.
Just before noon Abe and Porkchop came jogging in, their faces red from the cold, hurriedly showering and changing their clothes, following Siofra and the others out the door before one. As she buckled Markie into his car seat, Abe’s hands found her hips, waiting till she shut the door to spin her around and take her lips in a fierce kiss, lingering till they were both out of breath.
“I missed you this morning lover,” he whispered, his voice steaming in the cold air, bringing a smile to Siofra’s face. On her tip toes she kisses him quickly three times, her hands pulling at the front of his leather jacket, bunching it in her fingers then pushing him away so that he runs and jumps in Brad’s Tahoe before Conall tears out of the driveway, headed for the bar.
“That tiger,” Conall laughs, getting a swat on the arm from his wife. Siofra leans over and places a loud kiss to his cheek, getting her boys to issue a resounding “YUCK”, making Conall laugh heartily. She loved all her men.
Siofra’s eyes widened as they turned onto Park Street, the black government issued SUV’s lining both sides of the street and at least ten of them parked at the auto shop. They must know something, she thought to herself as Conall parked behind the bar as usual, Brad pulling right next to them. Siofra gripped Conall’s hand as he went to get out, “Are you not telling me something,” she asked, heavy seriousness in her voice.
“No love,” he kissed her on the cheek, letting his lips linger just above her skin as he spoke, “your brother just wants to be safe rather than sorry. Plus your other two brothers are here,” he smiled. Siofra grinned, shaking her head as Abe helped her from the car, interlacing their fingers and grabbing Markie’s with her free hand. The smells coming from the kitchen were amazing when they walked through the back door, Siofra’s stomach rumbling loudly, getting her a look from Abe.
There were ‘suits’ all over the room as they came through the swinging doors behind the bar, all mingling with the Pack members who were early, helping to cook and set up. Sam met up with Crawford who wrapped Siofra in a hug, kissing each of her cheeks and shaking Abe’s hand, his other ’children’ gathered around him issuing hellos and smiles. Siofra thanked them for coming, leaving them with Roman and Ronald.
Siofra didn’t have to look long for her brothers, hearing her oldest one’s laughter over the jukebox, she spotted them standing near the far booths, beers in hand. Her father Marcus was the first to spot her approaching, a wide smile causing wrinkles to form as Roan and Markie ran to him, jumping into his open arms as little Clyde ran to Conall’s father beside him. She slapped her brothers Duncan and Sean on their backs, getting them to whip around.
“Sissy,” they both issue, their arms going around her. Duncan had his dark brown hair clipped short, Siofra noticing some grays starting to show on the sides. His blue eyes also sported some wrinkles on the sides, but he was always smiling. Sean had his brown hair shoulder length and wavy, the same way he’d had it since he was sixteen, and Siofra tugged on it, getting a smile to reach her brother’s light blue eyes. They were both in pressed khakis and nice button down shirts, their penny loafers scuffed and worn. They were both taller than the oldest brother, Marcus Jr., standing at six foot eight. Siofra introduced them to Abe, leaving them to shake hands and talk as she pushed past to Marcus who was in deep conversation with some of the ‘suits’. 
“I need to talk to you,” she said, her fingers going in to grab at his bicep, pulling him away from the solider looking men. He gave the men some final, silent instructions with hand signals, wrapping his sister’s hand between his arm and chest, he walked them both into the live music area. Before she could say anything, her brother wrapped Siofra in a tight hug, his strong arms over her shoulders pressing her face into his chest. It was the same kind of hug he use to give her when she was little and crying over something. It was meant to ward off the pain and Siofra sighed into his suit coat, wrapping her arms around his waist.
“Why so many,” she asked, her voice mumbled in his expensive grey coat, his hands moving to her shoulders to push her back so that he could see her face. She could tell he hadn’t shaved in a few days, the dark stubble on his chin sticking out against his light skin. He had their dad’s eyes, the same light blue that could almost look grey in the right light, and she noticed some grays in the sides of his closely clipped hair as well, brushing her fingers through it.
“Just being safe sissy,” he said, taking her fingers from his hair. “Stop playing with my grays,” he smiles, shaking her hand making her giggle. Nodding his head towards the door, he asks, “Those men have been treating you good? You’ve been listening to the doctor?” Always the over protective one, she smiles, snaking her arm through his, leaning her head on his massive shoulder and leading them back out into the bar.
“Yes Junior,” she sighs, smiling at her mates as she meets their eyes, all of them talking with her other two brothers and her father. “They are wonderful.”
Talking a little with the guys, she leaves them to go find her girlfriends. They were all in the kitchen with Susan, Sylvia and Cassie wrapping Siofra in hugs as she walked through the door. Along with Francie, the three women placed their hands on her stomach, asking her the normal questions and talking to her stomach in their baby voices, making her giggle.
Leaning her butt against one of the counters, she mixes some cookie batter in a bowl held to her chest, all of the other women cutting and chopping. “Conall thinks they’ll be boys,” she says, her eyes going to her mother-in-law, giving her a fake pouty face look, making the retired female Alpha laugh.
“Well,” Sylvia laughed, putting her potato juice filled hands on her hips, “Johnson men are good at making boys.” They all laugh, Siofra almost dropping the bowl of cookie dough, making them all laugh harder.
Siofra helps Francie and Trey set up the buffet, sending Abe and Conall into the kitchen to help the other Johnson boys bring out the hot food. She sank into Dyson’s lap, pulling Markie up on her lap as he wheeled them over to the head table. Dyson was at the very end, putting Markie in a booster seat to his right, Clyde on his left, Siofra sliding into the cushioned chair pulling Markie closer to the table. 
“Mommy,” she heard Markie’s little voice in her head and she turns her face to him, his blue eyes locking onto hers. “Don’t worry mommy, daddies will keep us safe.” He put his little warm hand on her cheek and Siofra couldn’t help the tears that rimmed her eyes, taking her son’s tiny hand and kissing it.
“Your mommy and your daddies will do anything to keep you safe,” she told him, leaning her forehead on his, kissing his cheek and getting him to giggle. Leaning back in her chair, she sighs, noticing that Dyson is watching her out of the corner of his eye, his attention to the chattering Clyde. She gives him a sly smile and a wink, a yawn breaking up her cute moment making him shake his head and laugh to himself.
Alpha Mike Johnson issued the order that the food was served, Conall and Abe grabbing her and Dyson’s plates, Roan helping to carry his brother’s plates to the table. Once everyone was seated, Mike stood, issuing the Pack prayer as Siofra grasped the hands of her husband and her son Markie, their heads bowed over their plates. Yips and howls replaced the normal ‘Amen’, and the Pack dug in, light conversation falling over the bar room with the jukebox turned down to a murmur. 
Looking around her, Siofra took in all of the happiness filling the room. Her brothers sat with her father and his girlfriend, Reina, all lost in conversation and laughter, Marcus’s loud boom of a laugh filling the room every now and then. Jason and Cassie Johnson were down the table from her, trying to coach their eight year old twin boys, Tim and Tom, into eating their food and trying to keep their six month old baby girl, Veronica, from flinging her food all over the place. Jace Smithe and her half-sister Lilith, with their six month old son, Jace Jr., sandwiched between them, laughing as he smashed mashed potatoes into his chubby little face. 
Her in laws, Clyde and Susan, sat with their eldest son and his family, the Alpha’s Mike and Sylvia chatting away with them as their ten year old son, Jonathon, watched over his eight year old sister, Susie, two year old Lily and six month old baby brother, Mike Jr.. Trey and Francie cooed over their little girl, Francesca, sitting next to Leon Sullivan and Michelle Trapper, with their son, Sammie, between them. 
In this stolen moment, everyone was happy. Everyone was safe. Siofra fought back the tears as she smiled to herself, knowing that this couldn’t last forever.
Not in her life at least.




CHAPTER FIFTEEN:

“Connie,” Siofra shouted over the music, setting Clyde up on the pool table and quickly stripping him of his pants and underwear. “Connie!”
“Love?” he says as he pokes his face around the corner, his one eyebrow cocking up at the scene of his half naked son crawling on the pool table.
“Watch him,” she pulls Clyde back to her by his legs, “he peed his pants. I need to go to the car.” She shook the wet garments at Conall, her stress and exhaustion showing as she walked away, leaving Clyde in his arms.
“You don’t want me to go,” he asked as she walked away, her answer being the shake of her head, weaving behind the bar and through the swinging doors. She was tired and she had a headache, thinking the cold air will help as she pushes the back door open.
It was snowing very lightly as she swung the back hatch of the Equinox open, the dome light popping on. She rummaged through the Thomas the Train backpack, pulling out a new pair of character briefs and both twins pajamas, shoving the bag back in and pulling the door down to slam shut. She stood there in the cold, her face to the sky, her eyes closed, breathing in the cold Montana air, the tiny snowflakes hitting her cheeks and nose melting instantly.
“Well hello,” the heavy Italian accent met her ears, fear forming like ice around her heart. She spun around, her hands dropping the clean clothes and gripping the bumper of her vehicle behind her, her butt up against the hatch door.
“Ahhh,” Amadeo grinned at her, his fangs glinting in the streetlights above them. He had a long black wool trench coat over his tailor made suit, his snake skin boots trampaling the Montana snow. His long, bony hands met, the fingers forming a point aimed at the sky, slowly tapping each other up under his chin, making it look like he was contemplating something. 
Taking a quick breath in, Siofra’s physical scream was stopped by his fingers, pressed up against her lips, his nose touching hers. Her mental scream flowed from her mind, aimed at her mates and brothers. Amadeo's brown eyes roamed her face and body, his tongue darting out to lick his lips and part them just enough to give her a better look at his fangs. There was something different about him than in her dreams but she can’t put her finger on it.
“ No, no, no, bel cane,” he whispered, his breath reeking of cigars and blood, making Siofra’s stomach flip, “no screaming.” Crashing sounds and he pulls her away from the car, back out into the snowy street, her Pack and the government agents spilling out from the bar.
“Unhand her,” the megaphone voice echoes from a rooftop nearby, Siofra seeing snipers on the roofs surrounding them. Stealth gear clad soldiers appear from the darkness all around, guns aimed at the ten or so vampires that appear from thin air around Amadeo, the red laser sights darting around like fire flies. She recognized Kalevi and his sister, Eeva, but the others were new to her, all hissing and baring their fangs at the threats around them. “Unhand her and surrender.”
Amadeo threw his head back, his laugh flowing out and around them. His laugh isn’t the same, she quickly thinks but it’s forced out by her fear in the current situation. The slight breeze brought the familiar rotten flesh smell to Siofra’s nose, her eyes watering and focusing in on her husband, her arms and legs frozen in place by the icy grip of the Master Vampire.
“See,” he hissed, “I’ve brought some friends,” the Ghouls made their way from the ally and shadows, some limping and some looking somewhat still human. Their flesh was grey and rotting, half hanging off of their limbs, their mouths covered and caked in frozen and dried blood.
“Mommy,” she heard the little voice of Markie, her eyes darting around to find him, telling him to stay away. His little form breaks from behind some of the Pack members, Susan’s voice yelling after him bringing Amadeo’s attention.
“Get the boy,” he hissed, Kalevi obeying in the blink of an eye, returning with a screaming Markie before Siofra could get out the warning protest.
“No, please,” she begged, struggling against Amadeo’s hold on her shoulders. “Please not my boys. Please.” She wiggled from his grasp only to feel his fingers encircle the back of her neck, pulling her back and immobilizing her, her feet dangling inches from the ground. His nails dug into her skin and Siofra could feel the slight trickle of blood run down her neck, Markie’s cries bringing tears to her eyes. “Please,” she whispered, her throat tightening.
She could hear her Pack shifting and howling around her ready for a fight, the hisses of the vampires and eerie moans of the Ghouls. “I want my mommy,” Markie’s cries echoed, Kalevi hissing in his ear, making the boy scream, tears streaming down his chubby little cheeks. His little arms were flailing, reaching out to Siofra, but she couldn’t move.
“Put them down,” it was her brother Marcus’s voice on the megaphone now, Siofra could tell he was on the edge of shifting. “Do as I say and we’ll kill you quickly,” he growled out, howls resounding in the dark.
“See,” Amadeo hissed, bringing Siofra down so that his mouth was next to her ear, “my Ghouls are going to kill you.” he pointed out at the surrounding wolves, vampires and other Weres. “While I go off and drain this sweet little lupo.”
Siofra felt his tongue dart out against her earlobe, shivers trembling throughout her body. She whimpered, struggling against his hold again, his fingers digging further into her neck. Kalevi brought his hand to Markie’s hair, pushing the toddler’s head to the side and bringing his little throat close to his fangs, his eyes locked on Siofra.
“No,” she screamed, dropping to her knees as Amadeo let go of her. “No please,” she threw her hands up as if to stop Kalevi, the blonde vampire’s eyes smiling at her as he threw the toddler to the snow at Amadeo’s feet. Scrambling trying to grab her son, Siofra screamed as her hair was yanked back, a very large African American man dragging her to his Master’s side.
Markie lay crumpled in the snow, his cries breaking Siofra’s heart, trying to issue him reassuring words. “Marcus, do something,” she sent out to her brother, a hard slap connecting with her left cheek, sending her to her knees, a sharp pain flowing up through her abdomen making her cringe and grasp her stomach.
“Kill them,” Amadeo whispered, the Ghouls springing into action just as the megaphone issued the words “FIRE”. Siofra was trying to breathe through the pain radiating in her belly as she’s scooped up, bullets whizzing past, howls, roars and hisses filling the once peaceful night. She punched and hit at Amadeo’s face, the vampire hissing at her, dropping her legs so that her face is in his, his fingers around her chin, squeezing her lips into a ‘fish face’.
“You’ll die here,” he pushed her back up against a brick wall, pushing her head to the side and sinking his fangs into her warm flesh. The sharp pain took the scream from her throat and she tried to hit him away.
The Master Vampire moaned into her skin as her blood flowed freely into his mouth, her hands hitting at his shoulders, her lips failing to release the scream that was building. She tasted like cinnamon, bringing back memories of sweet pastries he had enjoyed as a boy, and he pressed his body into hers, his hands running through her hair and down her body. His hands stopped at her waist, his long fingers looping under her shirts to brush against her stomach. Another moan vibrating through her skin issued as he felt the magic from within her, his lips and tongue moving to bring her sweet blood faster into his mouth and down his throat. His eyes widened with the amount of magic he was consuming through her blood, then squeezed tight as he fought the urge to drink faster, wanting this moment to last.
Siofra was starting to feel cold, her hands not moving as fast or as hard to hit Amadeo as they were before, just resting on his shoulders, her vision starting to edge with white stars. Tears streamed down her cheeks, the sounds of Markie’s cries echoing in her ears. Gasping for breath, she squeezes the fabric from Amadeo's jacket in her fingers, hearing the vampire issue another moan of pleasure. Grinding his pelvis into hers, Siofra can feel his desire, disgust making her want to vomit if she had the strength. 
A flash of orange streaks by, her aggressor ripped from his hold on her. She could hear roars and howls, her back sliding down the brick wall, her right hand going up to her neck feeling the warmth of her blood flowing over her fingers. Her magic was pulsing, the green and blue light bouncing in her eyes, making it seem like Penton was in front of her. His white-blue eyes roamed her, concern crossing his brow. His strong arms went under her legs and behind her head, pulling her up into his chest, the smell of sun ripened apricots hitting her nose. 
Abe pinned Amadeo to the ground only for a second, the vampire kicking him, sending his tiger form flying into the brick wall of the post office building. Conall jumped in, his green eyes glowing against his black fur, his teeth bared as he squared off with the Master Vampire.
“I’ve got her,” he heard Penton issue and Conall released a loud, ear piercing growl, lunging at the hissing creature with Abe coming from behind at the same time. The mass of flying fur and fangs rolled in the snowy alley, claws and fists thrown, Abe's long teeth sank into the vampire's upper arm yanking and dislocating the creatures shoulder. Conall's canines sank into Amadeo's shoulder, immobilizing his arms and they dragged the kicking and hissing vampire out into the street. The Pack and Federal agents had only suffered minor injuries, subduing the vampires and killing the Ghouls. Marcus had some of his men tending to the injured while the other bound the hissing and bleeding vampires, making them kneel in the snow.
Their jaws let Amadeo fall into the hands of four agents, their forms quickly shifting back to human, their eyes searching the crowd for Siofra. “In the bar,” Marcus issued, kicking Amadeo down to his knees. The Pack gathered near the kneeling vampires, all of their magic pulsing in anticipation as the black tactical gear clad men took their stance at the back of the vampires, their M-16’s pointing at the back of their heads.
As Conall and Abe hit the back door of the bar, simultaneous gun shots rang out, followed by a earth shattering howl emitted by the Weres. The first face they met as they entered the kitchen was that of Dyson, tears streaming down as he gathered towels, placing them in his lap as he wheeled himself back into the bar, Conall and Abe on his heels. They both could see and smell her blood on him, soaked into his grey sweater, following him into the game room her soft, weak cries met their ears. 
Michelle Trapper and Penton hovered over Siofra as she lay on the same pool table where she had stripped her son of his wet clothing only minutes before, Penton’s hand on her stomach, Michelle trying to stop the bleeding wound on her neck. Conall and Abe stood there, their faces full of shock as Dyson handed Michelle the towels he had gathered, Penton meeting the men’s stares.
“She needs you,” he whispered to the three men, not moving his hand from her stomach.
The men react, Dyson wheeling around Penton to take Siofra’s right hand, Abe standing behind her head and Conall taking her left hand, squeezing it tightly. Her lips were blue, her skin cold and she was trembling. “She’s in shock,” Michelle said to Conall, moving around him and Abe to apply more pressure to her neck, “I don’t think...”
“Stop,” Dyson yelled, everyone in the room going silent. He looked at Michelle, his golden eyes rimmed with tears and glowing. “Stop. Don’t say that,” he cried, kissing Siofra’s palm, rubbing her fingers along his jaw. “She can’t die.”
“You all need to be quiet,” Penton issued, his voice flowing out and over the group gathered around, placing a calm over them all. Looking at Conall he says, “I’m going to try and help her,” looking to Abe and Dyson, his white-blue eyes pulled them in. “You need to focus on her, something that makes you happy when you see her. Think of a happy memory, something that brings a smile to your face even now,” he nods to the men, their gazes going to the trembling Siofra.
Shamus appears, appraising his daughter and taking a place by Penton’s side. “I’ll help,” his Scottish accent flows out and over Siofra, getting a reaction in the form of a moan, her body twitching when her mind recognizes the sound. His enormous hand goes to her chest, her sweater soaked in her own blood, pressing down lightly, covering his daughter’s heart. Both taking a deep breath in, Penton and Shamus breathe out in unison, sending a tremendous wave of magic throughout the fallen Siofra.
It made the walls of the bar shake, the lights flickering and the overhead lamps wobbling back and forth. All of the Pack were gathering inside, turning their eyes to the ceiling watching the lights sway. The magic pulsed through her limbs, flowing through her mates as they held onto her, the power making their bodies shake, their inner beasts rolling and reveling in the feel. They closed their eyes, Conall and Dyson issuing low growls as Abe’s tiger purred and chuffed, his figure kneeling so that his lips were next to Siofra’s ear. 
Abe remembered the night in New Orleans that they stayed up, talking till four in the morning. The way Siofra smiled as she told him about her boys and Conall, the way it felt to brush her hair back behind her ears. The way her lips felt when he kissed her. The lingering taste of the chocolate ice cream they had shared on her lips. The way she had sighed as they laid in bed, her head on his shoulder. The way she made his heart race every time she laughed the day they had spent outside playing in the leaves with the boys. A tear slipped down his cheek as he squeezed his eyes tighter, his tiger purring as he placed a light kiss to her temple.
Dyson squeezed her hand, pressing her fingers to his forehead as he recalled their first solo ‘date’, in the beginning of October. It had been a warmer day, Siofra wearing a light blue sundress, her sandals on the seat next to her as she hung her feet out the passenger window of his Dodge Ram, winding down some back roads looking for a perfect picnic spot. The sun shone through the trees as Dyson had laid the blanket down, Siofra picking berries from a bush nearby, marveling at how perfect this spot was. They had enjoyed their food, talking about everything and nothing, Dyson pulling her down on top of him in a tickled frenzy, kissing her for what seemed like forever. It started to sprinkle as they made love, but they didn’t move, staying out there on that blanket as the rain soaked them. Dyson had carried her into the cab of his truck, making love to her again as the lightning and thunder cracked and flashed around them. He opened her hand so that her palm caressed his cheek, her fingers pulsing with the magic flowing through her.
Conall had pictures and scenes flashing through his mind as he squatted down, his chin resting on the edge of the pool table. The first time he had seen her, sitting in the farthest booth near the jukebox, her stomach round and looking like she was going to pop being pregnant with Roan. The first time he had kissed her, sitting at the bonfire at his parent’s house after she had killed the whitetail buck. The first time Roan had called him Daddy, that day being three years ago tonight, the irony making a choking laugh rumble from his chest. The day she had given birth to the twins, her tear stained face staring at him as his mother propped her up, Michelle Trapper letting him cut the umbilical cords as his sons cried for the first time. The way she looked in that black and red halter sundress when she woke up from her ‘coma’, running to him on their back lawn. Every little smile and laugh he enjoyed, there were too many to recall and he smiled, placing a lingering kiss to her palm, his tears dripping down to pool on her skin.
“Don’t leave me,” he whispered against her wrist, “don’t leave me.”
“Never,” the hoarse whisper replied, her fingers twitching and Conall jumped to his feet. Those sky blue eyes met his, a weak smile on her face. Conall leaned down, gently taking her lips in his, his tears mixing into his joyful laughs, his forehead going to her chest letting Abe kiss her.
His hazel eyes watched her, his lips tracing her jaw as she whispered, “Mmmm, my tiger, I heard you purring.” He laughed, his tearful eyes meeting hers. Siofra squeezed her hand around Dyson’s fingers, whispering to Abe, “I want my Berserker.”
Abe nodded to Dyson, the man slamming the brakes on his wheelchair in place, putting his hands on the edge of the pool table and lifting himself up. “Dyson,” she murmured, running her hand along his cheek and down his right arm, a sweet smile on her lips. Dyson’s feet touched the floor, and he could feel it, he could feel the sensation in his feet, so he let a little of his weight rest on them and they held. He leaned over Siofra, placing a light kiss on her lips, his forehead going to hers as her hand went into his short dirty blonde hair, scratching at his scalp.
“Alright, alright,” Shamus issued, shooing the men back a little, “we need to finish, let the Doc check her out. Please if you would,” he nodded for them to leave, the men hesitating.
“It’s okay,” she whispered, smiling at all three as Dyson lowered himself back into his wheelchair. She waved them out with a weak hand, lolling her head to the side to watch them leave. Grabbing Penton’s hand that was rested on her stomach, she looks into his familiar white-blue eyes, “My babies,” she asks, tears rimming her lashes.
“Going to be just fine Siofra,” he smiled, placing a kiss to her forehead. “They’re strong like their mother.” She felt the heat of his magic pulsing through her, replacing the cold that had taken over her limbs not too long before. The blue and green light danced on the ceiling above her, drawing her tired mind away as Michelle Trapper checked her neck wound.
It was healed, but still red and she wiped the blood away with a warm wash cloth. Lilith joined them, reassuring Michelle that everything would be fine as she ushered her from the room, returning to stand by her father. “She’s going to be okay, father?” she asked, taking Siofra’s hand and sitting on the edge of the table, smiling down at her half-sister, brushing the hair from her face.
“With rest, yes,” Shamus issues, bending down and kissing his daughter on the forehead. “You have to take it easy,” he looks Siofra in the eyes, purveying his command and she nods giving him a smile. She reached her arms straight up towards him, wrapping them around his neck bringing him down for a hug, shocking the ancient Druid.
For the first time, Siofra saw her biological father cry. The powerful ancient man let the tears roll down his cheeks, dripping into his daughter’s hair. “Thank you,” she whispered, “I love you..... Dad.”
“You’re welcome,” he said into her ear, “my daughter.” He hugged her tight, pulling her off of the pool table and setting her feet on the floor. Siofra was a little dizzy, accepting helping hands from Penton and Lilith, making their way with her slowly around the table and towards the bar. She stopped them before they turned past the wall into the bar.
“Markie,” she gasped, pulling at their arms, a fear building making her heart race, Shamus filling her vision.
“Stop,” he says, his voice calming her nerves, “your boy is fine. Remember what I said,” he cocked his head to the side.
“Take it easy,” she repeated. She stood there, wobbling lightly trying to get her bearings. There was so much magic pulsing throughout her limbs it was making her stomach do back flips, a sudden rush of nausea and she spewed all over the bar room floor at her feet, Lilith holding her arm and her hair, Penton rubbing her back. "Oohh," she mumbled, wiping her mouth, "I'm sorry," she mumbled, her eyes meeting Susan's as she rushed to clean up the mess.
"She needs to go home," Shamus ordered, pushing into the bar room and taking Conall and Abe each by a shoulder, Dyson wheeling himself up beside them. "She needs to sleep," her mates nodded, Abe sweeping her up into his arms, her head lolling against his chest. He was warm and his scent filled her, a contented moan rumbling through her chest. 
Shamus's voice mingled with those of Conall and Dyson, others joining in as Siofra slipped into a deep sleep. "Home," she mumbled against Abe's chest, rubbing her cheek against his black thermal Henley, running her hand up to wrap her fingers around the side of his neck. "Mmm," she mumbled, still feeling the tingle of the magic in her toes and fingers, vibrating through her stomach.
"I'm going with you," a soft female voice chimed in, her blue eyes meeting Conall's. It was Cecilia, Siofra's mother, dressed in a white flowing dress, smelling like she had just stepped from a sunlit meadow. She spent most of her time in the Fae Realm with the reigning King and Queen, Kade and Siobhan. Conall saw the tears in her eyes as she put her hand through his bent arm and he nodded, pulling his arm in to squeeze her to his side. 
"There will be a Pack meeting tomorrow," Mike shouted to the room, all of the eyes snapping immediately to their Alpha, "please be at my house no later than seven. Any stragglers will be punished," his Alpha tone flowed like bourbon, warm and soothing and all of the Pack nodded in reply. They all gathered their things, saying their goodbyes and closing down the bar, returning to their homes to wait for another day to pass.
No one ever questioned why they stuck up for Siofra. She was their family. She was their Pack and they all know that in the reverse situation, she would lay down her life for them.



CHAPTER SIXTEEN:

November 27, 2016

The smells of bacon and cinnamon made her eyes open, the sun peeking in between the half open vinyl blinds as Siofra rubbed at her eyes. Stretching her legs, they bump into something that grumbles, Siofra picking her head up off of her pillow spotting Roan curled up near the foot of the bed, his Spongebob blanket wrapped around him. She stretches her arms out, loving the soft feel of Dyson's king size mattress and his down comforter, Markie and Clyde stirring from their positions on either side of her. Gingerly brushing her twin’s messy hair from their foreheads, she smiles down at them as they open their eyes, Roan sitting up rubbing his little fingers over his eyes.
"What are you boys doing," she whispers, Roan climbing up to snuggle, his cheek rested on her chest, "you should be in your own beds." She hugged Clyde under her other arm as Markie draped himself over her slightly rounded belly, the magic she had consumed three nights before speeding her unborn child's growth temporarily. Her belly had grown to the point that the doctor, Michelle Trapper, had estimated that the twins had shot up to the second trimester already, pushing her due date up to late April.
Markie turned his sky blue eyes to her, his ear rested just above her belly button, his dark hair spread out on the comforter, his smile creating dimples on each cheek just like his father. "Mommy," he whispered, pulling his twin Clyde down and pushing his ear to the spot near his, "the babies are hungrwy." The twins giggled, Roan snorting into her shoulder getting Siofra to laugh at them, her fingers tickling all three of them. She sat up, pulling Roan's PJ top up and blowing a loud, slobbery raspberry on his stomach, getting his brothers to squeal along with him.
"Alright, alright," Dyson's voice finds them, his wheelchair pushing through the half open door, "what's all the noise in here?" A smile reached his eyes as he spied the scene, quickly lifting himself up onto the bed and joining in on the onslaught of tickles, the boys squealing even louder. He and Siofra release the boys to stumble their way up the stairs to get dressed, still laughing the whole way. Sighing, Siofra leaned her head on Dyson's shoulder getting a kiss on the forehead. "How are you feeling," he asked, pulling her closer so that her legs were across his lap, running his hand over her rounded belly.
Closing her eyes enjoying the wonderful feeling of one of her mates touch. Siofra leans her chin up to look at him, a smile caressing her lips. "Good," she whispers, "I can feel them moving like crazy," she put her hand on top of his, moving them around to chase the movement she was experiencing. Stopping above her left hip, Dyson's eyes light up as he feels the slight kicks, pressing his fingers into it slightly, a laugh coming to his lips. The smell of bacon wafts back into the room making Siofra's mouth water and her stomach grumble.
"Mmmm," she mumbles, Dyson laughing at her as he slides back down into his wheelchair. 
Her legs and back were stiff, having spent the majority of the last three days in the bed she just got out of and she took her time getting dressed. Her bellies growth even surprised her, running her hand over the even more rounded skin, pulling on her tank and buttoning the red and blue flannel shirt. She shuffled her way from the bedroom, through the toy room and into the hall, the smells of breakfast growing and making her mouth water more. The boys bounded down the stairs as she was shuffling by pulling her hair up into a messy bun. Markie wiped out on the last step and fell to his knees, but smiled at his mother as he bounced right back up chasing after his twin and Roan.
"Stop running," she yelled, smiling at the smell of fresh coffee as she made her way into the kitchen, her decaf pot waiting for her on the stove. Abe was manning the cooking duties this morning and Siofra wrapped her arms around his waist, pressing her cheek to his warm t-shirt, taking in his scent and the sound of his purr as his hand ran over her forearms.
"Good mornin'," she mumbled against his back, weaving under his uplifted arm to get a sweet kiss on the lips, Abe lingering for a second one, a smile on his lips telling her she looked beautiful. "As beautiful as a whale," she joked, sipping her coffee.
"If whales were as pretty as you, there'd be a hell of a lot more of them," Conall joked as he came up behind her, running his wide spread fingers over her hips and stomach, getting her to lean back into him, a slight moan escaping her lips. "Hello, love," he whispered against her ear, his lips tracing a slight pattern from her hair line down her jaw, stopping and lingering on hers. 
Breakfast passed too quickly, Siofra packing away three full plates of food and two pots of decaf, helping Dyson load the dishwasher as Abe pulled on his jacket and boots. As a family, they had purchased the cornfields that edged their property, the acreage going all the way down to where Fifth Street met Moorehead Road, a total of fifteen acres all around, including the forest. Abe had finished helping Porkchop build his cabin, so now the were-boar was helping him build a barn next to Conall and Siofra's home to house some horses, and maybe goats as he liked to tell the boys. The men had laid the foundation already with the supporting beams sticking up and out, waiting for the frame work and siding to be hung. The two men worked fast, but they had help arriving today as Kaeton Bokan, Trey Rainwater, Jace Smith, and Mike and Jason Johnson walked through the door just as Siofra shut the dishwasher, quickly flicking it on. 
She hastily filled mugs with coffee and orange juice, placing them hurriedly on a tray and walking it to the front hallway where the men were gathered. They all had on gloves, hats, work boots and Carhart jackets, ready for some hard work out in the cold. Keaton spotted her first, rushing to take the tray from her hands.
"You shouldn't be doing that," he scolded her with a sidelong glance played off with a smile, offering the drinks to the men around him, all of them telling her 'Good morning' and 'Thank you' with winks and kisses on her cheeks. Taking the empty tray, she kissed Conall and Abe as they led the men outside, their chattering disappearing as she shut the door behind them, leaving the house almost silent.
Two sets of little feet coming up behind her and Siofra turns to her twins, both stopping in their thwarted attempt to sneak up on her, smiles on their faces. "Come on mommy," Clyde giggles, his green eyes so much like Conall's, "daddy Dyson wants to show you something."
They both wave their mother to follow them as they retreat back into the living room, Siofra shuffling behind them. She chases their giggles around the wall, gasping at the sight before her, throwing her hand up to cover her mouth and the other against the wall to brace herself.
Dyson stood, one hand on the back of the couch while his other held Roan perched so he could see out the window above the couch. His back was to her until the twins jumped on the couch, bouncing on the cushions wanting him to hold them up, their loud entrance making him turn and see Siofra leaning against the wall.
He put Roan down, "Are you okay?" he asked, concern crossing his brow as he limped the few steps to his wheelchair, sitting and pushing it over to her.
"Nooo," she mumbled tears in her eyes as she tried to sniffle back her emotions, "you were standing." His hands went around her waist and pulled her down to his lap, her head leaning on his shoulder. "How," she whispered, silent tears trickling down her cheeks, Dyson wiping them away before they reached her chin, his rough fingers bringing her face up to his.
"Shamus thinks it was their magic," he smiled, kissing her lips lightly as the boys bounded around them playing tag. "I can't stand for long, hopefully with the therapy I'll be able to use a cane sometimes and leave this bad boy home," he patted the chairs arm rest and Siofra smiled at him, kissing his cheek before standing.
Her mate was healing. It made her wolf whine in happiness whilst a yawn broke out on her lips, making Dyson chuckle and swat her on the butt. These new babies were really kicking her butt in the energy department, causing her to tire quickly.
Dyson entertained the boys as Siofra took a short nap, waking just before noon to someone sitting on the bed beside her. Soft, petite hands brushed the hair from her face, those familiar blue eyes looking down at her with a smile.
"Hey mom," she whispered, sitting up slowly, stretching her arms out. Cecilia hugged her daughter, pulling her close and rubbing her back and asking how she was feeling. "I feel good," Siofra replied, standing and pulling a light sweatshirt on, "wanna help me make lunch?"
"You betcha," Cecilia replied and they walked into the kitchen, Dyson chasing the boys around the table with Sam in tow, Siofra giving her vampire friend a wide smile. Siofra and her mother work in unison, whipping up a homemade vegetable soup with chef salad in no time, Sam setting the table. Cecilia and Sam were helping the twins get their salads on their plates when the doorbell rand, Roan jumping up at the sound.
"I'll get it mommy," he yelled as he bounded down the hallway out of sight. Siofra sat and dished out the soup, handing the bowls to her mother to pass around. She got up to go back into the kitchen to get some napkins yelling, "Roan, who is it?" Stopping in the doorway when there was no answer. "Roan," she asked, walking her way through the kitchen, "Roan stop fooling around," she scolded. 
Coming around the staircase she froze for a second, the front door being empty and wide open, fear filling her heart. "ROAN," she screamed, almost tripping out of her slippers as they slid on the hardwood floor as she tried to sprint to the doorway, her scream drawing Dyson, Cecilia and Sam from the dining room. "Roan," she screamed again her hands on the door jams as she propelled herself outside, her face turning every which way trying to find her son. "CONNIE, ABE!" she yelled towards the space where they were building the barn, a group of faces coming into view. "ROANNNNN," she screamed out, her throat straining and the tears finding her cheeks. 
She searched the snow covered ground all around her for footprints, her feet void of her slippers, her socks soaking in the snow as it melted. There were only the prints she was making now in the fresh Montana snow. Screaming her son's name she spun around, her hands going to her rounded stomach as her unborn children reacted to the stress, doing back flips, seemingly tossing Siofra's stomach around like a hacky-sack. She screamed as Conall's arms surrounded her, pulling her face into his chest.
"Where is he," she cried against his jacket, pounding her clenched fists against him. She heard Alpha Mike issue some orders, the sounds of shifting and howls, then wolves bounding out and around them, their noses to the ground. 
Sam stepped out into the snow as Conall placed the sobbing Siofra into Dyson's lap, shedding his jacket and shifting, bounding out after his Alpha with Abe's massive tiger form right behind. She closed her eyes, catching a familiar scent on the cold breeze, rolling it around in her brain till it caused her blood to boil. "Oh my God," she mumbled, her eyes going to Cecilia and Dyson. "Amadeo is still alive," she almost whispered, the seriousness of the situation sinking in even more. 
"What are you talking about," Dyson scoffed, pushing his wheelchair back across the snow covered ramp, leading the women back inside with Siofra draped on his lap, "Marcus killed that bastard three nights ago." He gives the vampire an incredulous look, his eyes on the verge of glowing.
"No," Sam breathed, throwing herself into one of the dining room chairs, placing her face in her hands, "I never got a good look at the man that had a hold of Siofra, but I know his scent and it's out there." She pointed towards the front door. "It must have been Brando," she shook her head, pulling her cell phone from her jacket pocket.
"Tell us," Cecilia slammed her hand down on the table, a pulse of magic running through the room and up the walls, the pictures shaking and turning. Her blue eyes were watering, locked onto Sam's, her chest heaving in and out from desperation and anxiety. Shamus appeared, his face turning instantly to concern, kneeling in front of Siofra with whispered conversation going on between him and Dyson.
"Amadeo has a twin brother," Sam said, tears running down her cheeks. "Brando DeSantis." They were identical, except for their scents and Sam had only come face to face with Brando once in her immortal life, about one hundred years before. Brando was renowned as being even more ruthless than his twin, being a nomad and living on the outskirts of society, keeping authority on their toes. Their one encounter had been in New Orleans, Brando thinking he could have his way with some of Crawford's women, the Big Easy Family having to chase him out of the state. 
Cecilia slammed her fists down on the table, a growl rolling from her chest, her magic pulsing throughout the room making Sam's skin tingle. Shamus stands, a seemingly lifeless Siofra in his arms.
"I had to knock her out," his Scottish accent rolled around the room as he placed her in Dyson's bed, returning quickly to the dining room, "in her state the stress could kill them all." He paced around the room, Dyson wheeling himself from every window he could see through, his magic pulsing around him creating a blurry cloud, his muscles growing within his clothing causing them to strain at the seams.
"He wants her magic," Sam says, her ear to her cell as she presses the intended number. "Roan is just a lure," the person on the other end picks up, Sam issuing orders and information in Creole, snapping her phone shut in less than twenty seconds. "Marcus and his Team have been alerted, Roman and Ronald are on their way over. I'm going out to see if I can help," she stood, getting a nod from Shamus and Dyson, she disappeared in a blur through the back door. 


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~



"I want my mommmmyyyyy," the high pitched screech rang out through the cold air, Roan's breath turning to steam, his fists and legs wailing at the man that was carrying him over his shoulder. Amadeo floated through the forest at an ear shattering speed, the branches and pine needles ripping away as he flew by. 
"Shut up," he hissed, slapping the little wolf on the back of the head making him cry out, "tua mamma can't help you now." He pushed himself even faster, having sacrificed his 'children' and brother three nights before he had no protection waiting till he got back to Las Vegas. The auburn haired wolf fell silent in his arms, his cries resigned to sniffles and the vampire smiled, "You know what I have planned for your mommy, piccolo lupo?"
"N..n..nnoo," Roan cried, wiping his reddened eyes with the back of his little hand, calling for his mother with his mind. He reached out in every way a three year old could, to his 'angels', to his grandfather Shamus, to anyone who could hear. 
"Well," Amadeo hissed, "first I'm going make her watch as I drain you dry," he laughed as Roan screamed, his arms and legs resuming their pointless flailing. "Then I'm going to draw out your mama's pathetic life, draining her slowly, bathing in her magic."
"Stop it," Roan screamed, covering his ears with his hands, squeezing hard as if to push out the Master Vampire's voice. He could feel the vampire laugh, the sound making the hairs stand up on Roan's arms. He was so young, but his wolf stirred inside, spurred by the magic in his blood and the hatred for the vile creature carrying him away from his home.
"Shh, shh, piccolo lupo," Amadeo laughed, patting the boy on the back harshly, "we'll be in my home soon. No need to cry, you'll have your nonna to keep you company, as I haven't killed her yet. She'll be happy to see her dead son's suono bastardo." He let out a resounding cackle, shooting them straight up into the light morning sky, the snow pelting his face as he headed South. 
"Here pecorina, here girl" he called in his mind, a wide smile caressing his lips. He knew this was a less honorable plan, but, who wanted to be totally honorable when you plan on becoming the most powerful supernatural in the known world?




CHAPTER SEVENTEEN:

November 28, 2016

Siofra had been awake for hours, but had just laid there in the bed, not having the strength to get up, or talk, or breathe sometimes. The hurt in her chest seemed to consume her entire being, engulfing her limbs and darkening her mind. The tears never seemed to run out and they streamed down the sides of her face as she lay facing the ceiling, staring blankly at the shadow covered surface.
She feels like she did when she was under Bronton's spell. Helpless and weak. Confused and unable to do anything about it. That dark edge to her magic rolled and peaked with her tears, turning the faint blue and green light of her magic to purple, then disappearing again. Her hands remained on her swollen belly, feeling her unborn child flip and kick with every new wave of power.
"Mommy," the weak little voice made her pick up her head, seeing Markie standing by the door, cast in the shadow from the hallway light. His little shoulders were hunched and as he sniffled, Siofra noticed his tears running down his cheeks and they broke her heart. She held out her arms, beckoning to him and he sprinted to her, leaping up and wrapping his little arms around her neck as she lay back.
"Shh, shh," she tried to mutter without crying too much as Markie sobbed into her neck. She ran her hand down his back, feeling the force of his tears vibrate through his chest and she pulled him closer, nuzzling his neck.
"Mommy," he cried, turning his face so that his lips were on Siofra's cheek and she cradled his head with her hand. "Mommy, I heard Roan cwy for hewlp," he sobbed and Siofra tried to squeeze her eyes tighter to ward off a new wave of tears, but they came anyways, flowing down her cheeks and she fell into the sob. She held Markie to her, his little legs wrapped around her swollen mid-section while both mother and son cried.
She kept running ways to get her son back through her head and it always landed back at the same one. She'd have to go after him. She'd have to fight because if it was anyone else, Roan will be killed without a doubt. She can feel it in her soul.
"Mommy, no," Markie whimpers, gripping her hair tighter in his little hands. "You can't go, you just can't."
"Mommy won't be going anywhere," Conall's deep voice rolls over them and Markie shoots his head up, wiping his hands across his little face. The bed dips and Siofra turns her head to look up at her husband as Markie slips into his lap. "It's okay Markie. Mommy won't be goin' anywhere without me."
"Connie," she cries as his hand caresses her cheek, rubbing his thumb slowly over her bottom lip. She tries to sniffle back the lump in her throat, holding his hand to her chest. "He wants me. He'll kill Roan if anyone else tries to get him back. I have to go."
"Shh," Conall leans down so that his lips are only a whisper away from Siofra's as his thumb runs over her bottom lip again. "Shamus, Marcus and I have already worked out a plan. I'm not too happy about it, but it seems to be the only way." He gives his wife a concerned look, kissing her sweetly. "And it's the safest."
"Tell me," she says hurriedly, sitting up slowly with a wince. She was stiff and sore, being emotionally drained. Conall stands and holds his hand out for her, smiling as she slips hers in, gripping tightly.
"We were all just waiting for you to walk through it," he pulled her close as he laid the now sleeping Markie down on the warm spot Siofra had just vacated. She leaned down and kissed her son on the cheek, pulling the sheets up around his curled body.
At the door, she pulled on Conall's hand, stopping him and spinning him around. She wrapped her arms around his neck, pulling him close and claiming his lips. She wanted him to make her feel better. She wanted him to somehow take away the pain, but she knew it couldn't be, so she reveled in the feel of him. The feel of his hands as they moved from her belly to her hips, and then around to her back, burning a path the entire way. Her wolf whined at his touch, causing a low growl to rip through his chest as his hands gripped her face.
"I will get him back," he breathed as their foreheads met, their breathing heavy and emotion laden. His green eyes washed over as she looked up, his thumbs brushing away the tears that slid down. Siofra nodded, rubbing her hand over his heart, feeling the rapid beat beneath her fingers.
"I know you will," she tells him with her power, claiming his lips again. She knows Conall will do anything to get their son back, even sacrifice himself. She won't let him do that. She'll make sure it doesn't come to that.
With her hand wrapped tightly into his, Siofra follows Conall into the dining room, finding a room full of men staring back at her. Shamus and Penton were joined by the Commander of the Fae Army, Mayland, sitting near the sliding glass doors in full battle gear, the gold metal shining in the dull light from the lights above. Pack Alpha, Mike, and his father Clyde sat next to Siofra's father, Marcus, who was busy talking in the ear of his eldest son, Marcus Jr.. Standing from his seat next to Shamus, Abe's hazel eyes cast a glow over her as he hovers over her, gently running his hands over her arms and tipping her face up to look at him.
"Hey lover," he whispers as Siofra's eyes start to tear. Wrapping his arms around her shoulders, he pulls her in just as the tears start to fall, holding her tight to his chest. Siofra tries to hold it in and as Abe's heat sinks in, she takes a deep breath, taking in his calming scent and she starts to feel better. He lowers his face so that his lips and nose touch the crux of her neck, letting out a low, rumbling purr that vibrates his entire body, Siofra can feel his undying love for her flowing out. It wraps around her as his arms move to her waist and it stays the tears, making a feel of at ease set in.
Pulling his face to hers, Siofra kisses her tiger slow and sweet with her palms on his cheeks. "Sit down my tiger," she whispers, running her hands down his neck and chest. Kissing her on the cheek, Abe falls back into his seat letting Siofra have a full view of Dyson, standing at the glass door with a cane propping him up. He tries to give her a smile, but she can see the tears building on his lashes and she diverts her eyes, back to the men at the table.
Penton stands, offering his chair and Siofra slips in with a nod next to Shamus, tingling at the magic that surrounds the Fae beings. The massive Druid looks over her with his white-blue eyes, focusing on her baby bump with a slight smirk, surrounding her tiny hand with his. "Daughter, your children will be here soon with all this magic flowing around."
"Please don't talk about me havin' a child when my oldest is God knows where in the hands of that evil bastard," she says sweetly, patting the top of his hand as Conall pushes her chair in. Shamus nods and Siofra turns her attention to the others with their eyes on her. "Tell me this plan of yours."
"Sissy," Marcus starts to say and Siofra whips her hand up, silencing him.
"Don't," she cries, trying to hold back some of the pain she was feeling, "don't say that I'm not going. Don't say this is too dangerous. Don't say you can get him back without including me because we all know that is a fucking lie." The tears fell down her cheeks as she felt Dyson's hand come to her shoulder, trying to give her some support. Her unborn children give her a swift kick and she has to stifle a gasp as she stares at her older brother and his indignant look.
"Siofra," Penton's smooth, calming voice washes over her shoulder and he kneels down at her side, his hands on her stomach. "You need to calm down." His eyes pull her in and she feels as if he's trying to hypnotize her, his voice echoing in her head as his hand rubs methodically over her shirt. "For this plan to work, you must be 100 percent in control. He will be able to sense your weakness and we need to make sure that you can hide it so this can work." He smiles and Siofra can't help but run her fingers through his short, dark hair, pushing it to the side. He nods and Siofra turns her attention back to the table.
Marcus clears his throat, casting a look over to Shamus and the Druid nods for him to go ahead. "We think that Amadeo will take Roan to Las Vegas. It's his territory, it's where he feels safest. Plus he'll have all the minions he wants at his disposal." Siofra nods, taking Conall's hand as he sits beside her and pulling it into her lap, squeezing it tight. "Crawford and his people have been a big help with the history of DeSantis. He's got a heavy black magic background," he gives his sister a heavy look, slipping it over to Shamus, "that's where he comes in."
"Ah yes," Shamus's Scottish accent booms over the room, commanding attention. He pats Siofra's hand, shifting in his chair as it groans and creaks, reaching into his pocket and producing a small silver locket. The metal shone in the light so that it looked as if it was the middle of the day and not nine at night. It reflected light onto the walls and caught everyone's attention, all of the men leaning a little to see it better.
"This is a protection necklace that has been dipped in our seeing pool." Shamus unlatched the hook, gracefully placing it on his daughter’s neck and brushing her hair aside. As it touched her bare neck, Siofra felt a small jolt of power, emanating down into her chest and through her arms. "As long as this is touching your skin," Shamus pointed to the oval shape, "myself, Penton and Siobhan will be able to see where you are, hear what is being said and will be able to alert the men as to when to move in."
Siofra was entranced by the shining metal around her neck, reaching up and grasping the engraved oval between her index finger and thumb, twirling it around slowly. As she continued to touch it, the light flowing through the room dissipated, waning until the necklace looked like a normal old locket. With a disappointed look, she peers up at Shamus and his silvery-black hair, seeing a grin on his strong features.
Leaning in, the Druid whispers into her ear, "We can't have it looking like anything but normal now can we, my blood." He kisses her on the cheek and Siofra feels a wave of power flow through her, making her babies kick and squirm like crazy. Shamus seems to sense the movement as she sees his eyes scan down over her stomach, a smirk on his lips.
"If you all aren't careful, I'm gonna give birth right here, right now," she chides, slapping the Druid on his massive arm as the men let out a low chuckle. Taking a deep breath, Siofra rubs her hand over her stomach trying to soothe the action. She spies Dyson's tanned arm come around her shoulder and as his hand covers hers, a heat flows through her body, making her close her eyes for a second and enjoy the feeling. Rolling her head back to meet his abs, Siofra smiles up at her Berserker as his golden eyes wink down at her.
"We want to go tomorrow," her brother's voice breaks her little moment and Siofra snaps her head back to face him, still holding Dyson's hand to her stomach. She nods at Marcus and sees the worried look cross his face. Leaning forward she takes her brother's hand in hers, squeezing it, trying to reassure his always overprotective spirit. "You promise not to do anything stupid," he asks and Siofra can hear the agreeing thoughts ruminate throughout the room and the men who care for her.
"I won't do anything stupid," she tries to give them all a sweet smile but only half of them buy it. She pats Marcus's hand as he nods, passing a look to their father seated next to him. They are worried, Siofra can hear it, but she has to get her son back. She'll do whatever it takes to see her son home where he is safe and sound.
"Alright then," her father says, standing as all of the others do the same, "we'll be back tomorrow my little Fry." The old wolf smiles, taking Siofra into a hug as she follows the group to the door. Chatter is running through the group as Conall opens the door letting the chill of the night sweep in over them. Siofra wraps her arms around herself and her father hugs her one more time, kissing her on the cheek. "You be safe now," he whispers, giving her a wink.
"Always daddy," she smiles, watching them all leave. The wolves got into their vehicles as Shamus, Penton and Mayland simply just disappear from the front step, leaving a small whirl of blue and green light behind them. She sighs loudly as Conall shuts the door and sinks into Abe's embrace as his arms snake around her.
Conall's pine scent washes over her as he steps up taking her face in his hands, kissing the tip of her nose and her lips. "I'm gonna put the twins in their beds," he murmurs against her neck, kissing and nipping lightly at her skin, making a fire ignite within her. "Then the four of us are going to go to bed."
Siofra nods as she watches her husband disappear around the corner, a bright burning flame of desire ignited within her. She runs her hands up Abe's arms, entangling her fingers into his hair and pulling his face down to the crux of her neck, whimpering a tiny bit as she feels his teeth graze her skin. "Dyson," she gasps as Abe runs his palms over her stomach, his purring loud and vibrating through her.
She slowly opens her eyes to see that they had moved into the lower bedroom and Dyson was standing before her, his golden eyes lighting the dark room. "Siofra, I don't know if I can," he says, running his knuckles over her cheek as he leans on his cane.
Lightly trailing her hands up to his shoulders, Siofra pushes Dyson down to sit on the edge of his bed, leaning down to press her lips to his as Abe swiftly removes her pants. "We won't know till we try," she breathes out against Dyson's lips, claiming them as Abe kneels behind her, planting kisses on the backs of her thighs as his fingers work their magic inside of her.
Pulling his shirt up over his head, Siofra places light kisses to Dyson's tattoos, teasing his nipples and pulling one into her mouth as she hears him hiss in a breath. Running her hands down his abs, she caresses the crotch of his pants, hoping that he's able to feel it and his hands shoot into her hair, tugging her face up to look at him as she feels his heart start to race. "I feel it," he groans as she unzips his jeans and works her hand inside his boxer briefs, wrapping her fingers around the already growing bulge.
"Starting without me I see," Conall's voice echoes in her head as Abe's fingers twist and probe within her finding her G-spot and making her whimper against Dyson's bare abs as her fingers grip the bed sheet and her eyes squeeze shut. Conall's desire filled chuckle makes her smile and as she steps back to strip Dyson of his pants, her husband’s hands quickly remove her shirt and bra, spinning her to face him and his glowing green eyes.
"Is this okay love," he whispers against her lips, claiming them until they are both panting for breath, their hearts racing a frantic beat. Siofra tries to reply but only a wanton whimper escapes so she nods her head, rolling her head back as she feels Dyson's hands find her waist and pull her to the edge of the bed. "How do you want to do this love?" Conall smiles, running his fingers lightly over her bare skin, teasing and torturing her.
"I'm...I'm, not sure," she stammers, grabbing greedily at Conall's bare chest, rubbing her hands along his muscles and loving the way they twitch under her touch. She sees the incredibly adorable grin creep onto his lips as Dyson pulls her down onto his lap, brushing her core with his erection, making her gasp as the desire skyrockets inside of her. Conall smiles, spinning her around so that she straddles Dyson and lightly pushes them down so that Dyson lays flat on the bed with his feet on the floor, his lips crashing to Siofra's.
She's so focused in on how good Dyson's lips and tongue feel against hers that she almost screams when Conall's fingers brush her back entrance and he immediately calms her, rubbing her back and leaning down over her. "If you don't want me to, I won't," he kisses her shoulders and massages his fingers into her hips.
Abe's fingers in her hair bring her face up from Dyson's and she smiles as he stands before her in all his naked glory, his hazel eyes adding to the glow in the room. "I.... is...can..." she stammers as Abe's fingers caress her cheeks, the pads of his thumbs running over her bottom lips and she quickly bites down on one when she gets the chance, making a loud growl of a hiss rumble from her tiger's throat. Placing one of his knees on the bed, Abe pulls her face forward, letting out a loud purr as Siofra's lips connect with his swollen head, quickly encircling it as her tongue swirls around the sensitive skin.
She feels as if she might overload as Dyson thrusts into her, making her want to grit her teeth and she pauses in her movement to collect herself, Abe's fingers massaging into her skull as she caresses his shaft. She can hear him ask, "You okay lover," in his mind and she hums in her throat, making him grip her hair as his muscles tighten. She can see him throw his head back as she resumes bobbing her head, taking him in till he hits the back of her throat, closing her eyes tight as Dyson thrusts into her again.
Her nerve endings are going crazy as she feels Conall's fingers start to massage into the puckered, tight entrance, stretching her. Preparing her. As a couple, they had ventured into anal sex only a handful of times and it was back before all of the problems with the Elves. She feels him press against her entrance, the head parting her sensitive flesh only a little and Siofra senses a wave of magic build within her. Conall's hands are rubbing into her lower back as she puts a palm on Abe's hip and Dyson's chest, staying their movements and lifting her head to look over her shoulder.
Conall has his hands on her hip, slowly pushing inside her as he moves his gaze from her backside to her face. "Love?" he whispers seeing the strange look on her face. She can't speak as she feels the magic build and roll within her, making her unborn children kick away and she hisses in a breath.
"Holy shit," Dyson growls moving his hand to the spot on her stomach where it met his abs. "I felt that," his golden gaze fills Siofra with hope, knowing he's excited about the babies. "Maybe we should stop."
"No," she almost screams, knowing that if they stopped now the heat and magic would eat her alive from the inside out. Looking up to Abe, down to Dyson and over her shoulder at Conall she breathes out, "I'm okay, just don't freak out if a light show starts to happen. I have this feeling..." She lets her thought trail off and her three mates nod.
Conall leans slowly over her, pushing inside of her inch by inch and she grits her teeth, her fingers digging into Abe's hip as she holds onto him. Straightening, Conall grips onto her hips, lovingly placing kisses to her lower back and buttocks, soothingly rubbing his hands over her flesh making the heat and magic peak within her and a growl rips through Siofra's chest. She wanted this, no, she needed this.
As the magic rolled within her, making her skin glow, she wrapped her lips around Abe's shaft hearing him grunt and he grips her hair as Dyson thrusts into her. She was completely full and something inside of her spilled over, making her utter a scream against Abe's hardened flesh. She felt the first elongated nail tip brush her scalp and the second brush her ribs as Abe swore.
"Fuck Siofra," he groaned, throwing his head back, "you're gonna make me be the first man out," he joked. Conall and Dyson laughed, not stopping their onslaught and Siofra loved it. What she at first thought would be dirty and disgusting was making her magic grow and tense like she hasn't felt yet. Her mind screamed at her mates that her release was near and their replies were in growls, pushing and pulling her faster and harder.
Abe's fingers tightened in her hair as a low roar filled his chest, holding Siofra's head as he came, filling her mouth and running down her throat. Dyson's claws dug into her ribs as he growled his release, pulling her face down into the crux of his neck as she whimpered. She was so close and her husband could feel it, moving within her back entrance, his fingers digging into her hips.
"Come on love, come with me," he growled, thrusting into her and she bit down on Dyson's neck, screaming into his skin with her release as a burst of soft green and blue light filled the room. Her magic rolled with her release and it felt like it would last forever as her core tightened and her teeth kept their hold on Dyson's skin, his blood filling her mouth and trickling down her chin as his hands rubbed down her back.
Conall pulled out, flopping down on the bed beside Dyson and pulled Siofra onto his chest so that she straddled him, holding her tight to his chest as her release rolled through her limbs and the light danced around the room. She couldn't help but grind against him as the warmth radiated from her core, making her hands tremble and a whimpering moan escape her lips as she kissed the center of Conall's chest. His hands tangled in her hair and pulled her face to his, kissing her lips feverishly as she felt Abe lay down next to them.
"Love are you okay," Conall breathed out against her lips as their foreheads went together and Siofra let out a small giggle. Abe and Dyson's hands run over her back and she throws her head back, enjoying the feeling of her magic filling her limbs, her unborn children moving within her.
'I'm perfect," she smiles, leaning over to kiss Dyson and pull him closer, then repeating the gesture with Abe until the four of them were cuddled close, her mates hands splayed over her bare body as Conall pulled the sheets over them. "And tomorrow," she whispered, closing her eyes to the warmth of the love surrounding her, "tomorrow we'll get our son back and kill that blood sucking bastard."
"Damn right," was echoed times three, making her smile as she drifted off to sleep.




CHAPTER EIGHTEEN:

November 29, 2016

"Shh, shh," Shelley uttered against the crying boys hair, brushing it up and away from his forehead, wiping the tears from his dirty cheeks. She cradled the boy to her chest sitting on the floor in the bedroom of Amadeo's penthouse, her leg chained to the bed. “Quiet now Roan, we’re going to be okay.” She whispered, kissing his auburn hair that was so much like her Kyle’s.
The moment that Amadeo yanked her from the whore house on the outskirts of Vegas, where they had kept her locked up, Shelley had felt Roan’s presence. It was like the part of him that was her son, was calling to her. Calling for help. It made her loath the Master Vampire even more than she already had. The toddler had her Kyle’s hair and eyes, smelling a little like him at times and it made her heart ache for her family. Her boys had been her life and just recently she realized that her husband had made it so that she slowly phased her boys out and focused on him, leaving them with a hatred of their parents. That’s why Kyle and Kevin had run.
Kevin had been poisoned by his father to love the black arts, spending hours with him in their basement conjuring spells and strengthening their influence. Kyle, her middle child. Her lovable goof ball. Her ray of light had been sucked in by his big brother, following Kevin wherever, whenever. Roan sniffled and wiped his hands across his face, looking up to her with his blue-grey eyes.
“Gamma,” he cried, wrapping his arms around her neck and squeezing her tight, “where’s my mommy?” The way his tearful voice cried her name made her heart break. He knew who she was almost immediately, she never once had to tell him that she was his Grandmother, he just knew. She hugged him tight and stood, laying them both down on the massive bed and pulling the blanket around his shivering body.
“Your mommy will come for you, I’m sure of it.” She whispered, wiping his nose as he sniffled some more, looking up at her. “Your mommy and I won’t let that man hurt you, I promise,” she murmured as she kissed his forehead, pulling him close to her once more. 
The door flung open and Shelley jumped back, leaning against the headboard with Roan in her arms, pressing him to her with all of her might. Amadeo’s tall, lean figure floated through the doorway with an evil smirk on his lips, curling the one side up so that one of his fangs glinted in the weak lamp light. His hands were connected behind his back and he stared at the two huddled wolves as he stopped at the foot of the enormous four-post bed.
“I see the little nipote and nonna have reunited and are getting along well,” he hissed, casting his gaze over the still trembling Roan who gripped Shelley tight, nuzzling his tearful face into her neck. Amadeo laughed at how weak they both look and turned to peer out the window, throwing his head back and taking in the intoxicating scent that was flowing in on the light breeze, letting it roll around and fill his every cell.
“I will see you die,” Shelley hissed, holding her grandson to her chest. Amadeo spared her a short side long glance, his hazel eyes laughing at her even though he was silent. She growled deep in her chest.
“Don’t get too riled up,” he said placing his long fingers on the window sill and leaning out, trying to take in that sweet smell so that it wouldn’t leave him. “The little mutt is here,” he smiled, letting his fangs glint in the waning sunlight, lightly laughing to himself. “She’ll come, like they always do, and then you’ll be free to go.”
“Her Pack and family won’t just let her give herself to you,” Shelley scoffed, getting a nasty look from the Master Vampire. 
Amadeo hissed and in a blink he was only inches from her face, his lips curled back. Shelley jerked back and he smiled, reaching his long fingers out and stroking two fingers down the back of Roan’s head, loving the way the little boy screamed into his Grandmother’s shoulder. “It’s either her or you and him,” he breathed, touching Shelley’s cheek with the back of his hand and she turned her face away, pulling Roan tighter to her as he cried.
The Master Vampire’s cackle filled the room as he straightened, calmly heading for the open door while taking a few deep breaths, letting the smell of Siofra linger on his taste buds. “Just wait and see,” he chuckled, pulling the door shut slowly, “just wait and see.”
Amadeo hummed a classical tune as he strolled into the sitting room of his penthouse, taking a glass of blood from the bar and turning to the panoramic windows, watching the sun slowly slide below the horizon. He tapped his fingernails on the tinted glass, sipping the still warm A positive, humming away again as the liquid slid down his throat. He was finally going to have his chance at true immortality. Siofra’s blood was going to make him stronger than any other supernatural being alive.
He tapped impatiently on his rocks glass and squinted against the orange sky. “Here doggie, doggie,” he whispered with an evil smile on his lips. “Come to me little girl.”


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


The heat hit her, taking her breath away as soon as she stepped out of the car. “Love,” Conall’s voice pulled her face back to the interior of the government issued Escalade, coming nose to nose with her husband. With his hands on her cheeks, he pulled her in for a long, sweet, lingering kiss and she rested her forehead on his. “I know you’ll be fine,” he whispered against her lips.
“You’ll be close,” she asked, looking over his shoulder to see Dyson nod, his features like steel. “Okay,” she sighed, reaching her hands out to Dyson and Abe and pulling them in for lingering kisses, feeling her magic grow as her mates surrounded her. “I’ll call if I need you,” she sends to them and they all growl in reply, kissing her one last time before she steps to the curb and shuts the door, turning towards the eerily quiet Venetian Hotel.
She looked over her shoulder for just a second before taking a deep breath and starting towards the entrance, telling herself repeatedly in her head to stay calm, stick to the plan. Stay calm, stick to the plan. Stay calm, stick to the plan.
Shamus, Penton and Siobhan were listening and watching through the necklace around her neck and she spun it between her thumb and index finger, feeling a wave of warm magic fill her chest. "We are here my daughter," she hears the Scottish accent roll through her head and it steadies her nerves for the minute.
In the lobby, a heavy, dark feeling fell upon her as she strolled towards the elevator. She was enamored at the golden surroundings exactly as they were in her dreams, the walls and floor reflecting the light of the fading sun and making her feel as if she just walked into Mount Olympus. As she neared the front desk, a large golden statue to her right caught her attention and she found herself mesmerized by it, scrutinizing it. It was magnificent and her eyes darted to the large ornate chandelier above the desk, watching as the crystals danced with the light reflecting off the walls. Squinting her eyes, she spotted blood on some of the crystals, moving in a circle she brought her eyes down to the back of the statue where there was a huge blood stain, the size and shape of a human body. Her stomach churned.
There was absolutely no one around. No bellhops. No one behind the desk. No patrons. There was, however, the unmistakable scent of rotting flesh wafting around her as she moved and the hair on the back of her neck stood on end. As she reached out for the button on the elevator, a flash of movement made her put her back up against the wall and face a handful of Ghouls.
They all had their eyes on her with drool and blood dripping from their mouths. Their skin was graying, their hair and limbs seemingly barely holding on and Siofra held her breath against the stench, pounding furiously on the button as if it would make the elevator move any faster. One that appeared to have worked at the hotel, his nametag displayed "Barry, Manager", jerked towards her, a gurgling hiss coming from his throat, or what was left of it. His salt and pepper hair was matted and pulled out in patches, Siofra’s eyes flicking over it as his eyes looked her up and down.
Her heartbeat raced and her unborn children kicked and flipped within her and Siofra put her hands over her stomach trying to soothe them. The elevator dinged behind her and with a sharp glance over her shoulder, Siofra stepped in, letting the door shut off her view of the poor creatures doomed to rot to death. "I don't know if I can do this," she cried to her mates, gripping the railing behind her as the elevator moved up. "He'll feel the deceit."
"You can do this," Conall's voice broke through her rapid heartbeat pounding through her ears and Siofra closed her eyes, trying to calm her breathing. "We are right here love, just get him to bring Roan out and bring them to us. We‘ll take care of the bastard."
A loud purr and growl come through and Siofra can feel that Dyson and Abe are anxious. They had sat through the entire car ride from the airport silent and statuesque. They are worried, but they won't let anyone else hear it from their mouths. That would make them seem weak. She nods her head to herself and as the doors ding open, she pushes herself forward, facing two enormous marble doors with golden handles. They were smeared in blood, still bright red and the coppery smell makes Siofra’s senses tingle.
Roan’s fresh apple and grass scent hit her like a ton of bricks when she reached out for the golden door handles, bringing tears to her eyes. "I'm coming my baby," she tells him, taking a deep, ragged breath before pulling the heavy door open to face her tormentor.
The space was dimly lit with the fading sun, but Siofra could still appreciate the beauty of the Italian marble and art as she made her way through the entrance way to face the massive sitting room, complete with a grand piano. Mozart flowed around the room and Amadeo didn't even raise his eyes from the keys to look at her, he just smiled, taking in her scent.
“Where’s my son,” Siofra choked out, cursing herself for not steadying her emotions before speaking. She needed to stay calm or her magic would peek, letting Amadeo see that there were people watching over her. She flinched at the way the Master Vampire chuckled, never stopping the movement of his fingers over the ivory of the piano. “Please,” she whispered, taking a small step closer to him, “just give me my son. He’s only a child, he’s,”
“He’s not just a child,” Amadeo hissed, abruptly pounding on the keys and standing from the bench seat. “He has your blood. Fae blood.” His hazel eyes burnt a path across Siofra’s face down to her chest, making her skin crawl and she wrapped her arms around herself, trying to stay off the cold that came with the evil man’s presence.
“Do you know what that means for me, mutt? To dine on the blood of a half-breed? A mix of Fae and Were blood?” He cast her a questioning glance with his head cocked to the side and Siofra’s tears flowed down her cheeks. She was losing it and her husbands voice finds her, telling her to stay strong.
“Of course you don’t,” he mumbled to himself, making it to stand inches from her in the blink of an eye. He stroked the back of his fingers down her cheek and Siofra bit her lip, holding in the tremble that begged to travel throughout her limbs. “You see,” he hissed with his lips brushing her ear, “draining you and the boy dry, stealing your magic and that of your unborn children within you, would make me truly immortal.” He grinned, wrapping his hands around her upper arms and jerking her to him, reveling in the sleek feel of her body and the slight growl of her wolf.
“I’d be stronger than any supernatural being alive.” He spun her around so that she faced the panoramic view of the Vegas strip. The lights and signs danced in the darkness as Siofra tried to rein in her tears, taking deep breaths. “I’d be stronger than the strongest Alpha wolf,” he murmured against her neck as he pressed his lips above her jugular. “I’d be stronger than the oldest witch or warlock.” He spread his fingers wide and roamed his hand from her waist up between her breasts, feeling her babies kick in defiance of his power. “I’d even be stronger than your dear Siobhan,” he whispered and Siofra jerked in his arms.
He laughed heartily in her ear and pulled her back against him with an iron grip. “Please, just let my son go,” she pleaded, begging that the Master Vampire would take her and let her toddler go. 
“Now why would I do that,” he laughed, grazing his fangs along her neck making her stifle a scream. “I’d rather drain all of you.” Siofra felt his fangs pierce her skin as she pulled her power around her, the pain making the dark lining peek and flourish. She tried to squirm in his arms as the wind picked up in the penthouse, shaking the windows and knocking over chairs. His grip only tightened as her blood slid down his throat, letting an ear piercing hiss rumble from his throat in his delight.
“No, mommy,” the little scream made it’s way through the swirling wind and Siofra pushed against Amadeo with all her might, throwing him down in the high back chair as he chuckled, drunk on her blood. Roan auburn hair is the first thing she sees through her tears and she rushes towards it, halted by long bony fingers on her forearm as her sons tear stained face looks up at her from only feet away.
She wheeled on Amadeo in anger and let the dark of her magic flourish, forcing it against him like a wave and watching him fly back against the window, cracking it and moaning in pain. Whipping back around to her son, Siofra scoops him up in her arms and hugs him tight, reigning in her power once more to transport them away. “Wait mommy,” he sniffles, reaching out into the swirl around them and grabbing onto a hand.
It was Shelley Bokan and Siofra gasped at her appearance. “Mommy we can’t leave gam-ma,” Roan wipes at his running nose and Siofra keeps her eyes on the elder she-wolf. Using her mind she scans over the woman and sees that she’s defeated. No trace of the once strong and defiant wolf remains, but instead a weakened, strangled spirit and a whimpering wolf. Without saying a word to her, Siofra reaches out and takes her hand, placing Roan in Shelley’s arms.
“Take him and I’ll send you to Marcus and the Pack,” she says, pushing them lightly into the eye of the swirling wind. “Take care of my son,” she whispers, looking the one time enemy in the eyes and seeing the truth in her vow to watch over Roan. Her son starts to cry, knowing his mother is saving him and potentially sacrificing herself, and he screams out for her once more right before they disappear in the swirl as Amadeo’s hands wrap around her throat.
“So I see you’ve mingled with the Dark side,” he hisses in her ear, spinning her around and pinning her arms to her sides. His long black hair is sticking up from where his skull connected with the window and his fangs are on full display. Wrapping his long fingers into her hair, he jerks her head back just as she pulls her power to her causing blue and green light to flicker throughout the penthouse.
“Are you feeling okay,” she grins, feeling the grip on her hair loosen and the look of pain pass over Amadeo’s eyes. Their plan was working. The Master Vampire was weakening. His hazel eyes burnt into her face and he threw her across the room with a roar, laughing as her body crashed through the glass coffee table.
Shocked and in pain, Siofra pulls her power to her, making the fragments of glass that have shattered around her body float and fly around the room as Amadeo slowly staggers towards her. Dropping to one knee, the Vampire roars in anger. “What have you done to me?”
“Oh you’ll see soon enough,” she grinds out, pushing her power out and focusing her mind on finding her husband’s mental signature while pulling the Vampire with her. The heat pulsed around her as Amadeo hissed and screamed, mumbling that this shouldn’t be happening. Siofra rubbed her hands over her rounded belly, trying to soothe the movement within and reassure herself that they were okay. Her mind locks onto Conall, and then Dyson and Abe, pulling her whirlwind towards their position down in the middle of the strip.
When her legs touched blacktop, Siofra let out a sigh as Conall’s arms snaked around her waist pulling her back to be flush with his chest. The blue and green light from her magic dissipates to reveal Shamus, Siobhan, Penton and Mayland circling the Master Vampire as he writhes on the ground, hissing and yelling out in his native tongue. The Vegas strip is quiet, the supernatural beings the only ones occupying the expansive space and as Siofra looks around her, she doesn’t see her son or Shelley Bokan.
“Roan?” she mumbles, looking over her shoulder into her husband’s pine green eyes.
“Inside,” he jerks his head to the left and she sees a casino all lit up with a cowboy billboard. “Marcus and his Team are standing by if we need them. Roman and Sam are entertaining him.” The slight smile that tugs at his lips lets Siofra know that her oldest son is okay and it warms her heart. Now she can focus on getting rid of the cause of all this turmoil.
As Amadeo yells “You fools can’t kill me!” Siofra leans her head back, feeling Abe and Dyson come up to her sides and wrap their arms around Conall and her, creating a tight circle. She breathed deep, taking in the pine, the ocean and the pineapple scents of her mates, hearing their low growls and chuffing in reply. 
“Time to end this love,” Conall whispers against her neck, kissing the sensitive skin lightly as Abe and Dyson’s hands roam over her belly, soothing her unborn children in their presence. She nods her head and opens her eyes, taking in another breath as her mates release her. She takes Shamus’ hand and engulfed in the size of it, Siofra feels safe and knows that it’s almost over.
Amadeo is kneeling on the pavement with his knees straddling the middle yellow lines of the strip, his eyes a blaze with anger and confusion. He attempted to stand as Siofra looked down upon him but Mayland kicked him down, causing the Vampire to roar out, blood spilling from his mouth. “You can’t kill me,” he laughed while coughing harshly, his eyes still locked on Siofra.
“Can’t you already feel it,” Siobhan calmly asks, her voice like music flowing over their small little group and getting Amadeo’s eyes to dart over to her. She looked heavenly as ever, her body length red hair braided and adorned with flowers and golden wire, matching her petite form fitting golden sheath dress making her look like a Greek Goddess. Her pale skin and white-blue eyes practically glowed in the street lights of the strip, reflecting every bit of sparkle as her bare feet make a slow circle around the Vampire. “See we planned ahead, knowing you’d be greedy enough to taste our Siofra’s blood before the fight was won,” she smiled sweetly, enraging the Master Vampire.
“You shoulda kept your fangs in your mouth lad,” Shamus laughed, “and then your death wouldn’t have been so painful.” The ancient Druid released Siofra’s hand and started to join Siobhan in her circle around Amadeo, followed by Mayland. “You see lad, we gave Siofra a lil’ magic boost before she came to talk sense into you.” He smiled, running his massive hand through his black and silver hair as Penton joined their travels.
“Magic can’t hurt me,” Amadeo spit, casting his gaze back over to Siofra, “I’m trained in the Dark Arts, hell I probably invented some of the shit you fuckers use.” He chuckled but was stopped when he started to choke on his own blood, being forced to spit it out at his knees. Hearing Penton and Mayland laugh at him makes him snap in anger, trying to rush to his feet.
Siofra forces him down with her newfound telekinetic power, honed efficiently by the jolt of magic passed through her earlier by Siobhan and Shamus. It caused her blood to in essence carry the sun that she was exposed to. The Queen of the Fae’s magic carried light inside, turning Siofra’s blood into a light catcher and boiling the Master Vampire from the inside out. If he had been smart enough to take a good whiff of her before sinking his fangs into her neck, he would have sensed the increase in magic and Siofra laughs lightly to herself.
“You shouldn’t have touched my family,” she says with little emotion, stepping up and stopping the others circle, grabbing Shamus and Siobhan’s hands as they gather in tight. “I wouldn’t have to kill you if you had just left us alone,” she smiles, looking over to Shamus and then across to Penton, seeing them both nod.
Taking a deep breath, Siofra focuses on her magic, feeling the dark peek and seeing the blue and green light start to dance out from her, circling the Master Vampire. She can feel the tingle in her palms from the others’ magic mingling with hers, waiting for her to send the first wave. Waiting for her to take the revenge she is warranted.
Breathing out, Siofra pushes her wave of magic out through Shamus and Siobhan, feeling the enormous power as their magic joins it along with Penton and Mayland. It hits the Master Vampire square in the chest as he knelt before them.
Amadeo’s eyes go wide, his mouth opening, seemingly wanting to say something but all that came out was ash. His skin slowly cracked, the sound echoing through the eerie quiet of the strip, sounding like a hammer striking dry clay. Light started to shine through the cracks as his skin flaked off into ash floating lightly in the air around Siofra‘s face. His arm started to move up and out towards Siofra, his long bony fingers scratching the air to get to her as the first rain drops fell.
Looking up to the sky, Siofra doesn’t spot any clouds crossing the night sky. “Kade is watching us my dear,” Siobhan says, not moving her gaze from the struggling and disintegrating Vampire. Siofra smiles up at the darkened sky and a bright streak of lightning flashes across, followed by a loud boom of thunder, sounding much like the Fae King’s laugh and Siofra figures that it was indeed him sharing in their moment of triumph and she giggles to herself.
Shamus and Siobhan release her hands, replaced by Conall to her left, Abe to her right and Dyson wrapping his arms around her from the back, clasping his hands over the roundest part of her stomach. They all watch as the rain picks up, taking pieces of the Vampire with it as it washed the dirt of the Vegas nightlife down into the gutters. A loud echoing crack and the left side of Amadeo’s face falls and flakes off onto the blacktop, mixing in with the water and swirling around Siofra’s feet as it washes by.
A hiss of a voice fills the air as what is left of Amadeo’s lips try to move. “Hai ucciso me ma ci saranno altri, ci saranno sempre gli altri al buio. Nelle ombre, che vogliono it tuo sangue per un motivo o un altro.” He curses her, his eyes burnt out to black pools that are smoldering as he peers at her. “There. Will. Be. Others,” he grinds out, ending in a spew of ash from his mouth.
“Enough already,” Abe rumbles in his throat, stepping forward and planting his black cowboy boot through the middle of Amadeo’s chest. The Vampire explodes in a hiss and burst of light, leaving them all blind for a split second before they watch the rain wash the last of the burning pieces away. She can feel the tension building in Dyson’s chest pressed up against her back and the magic pulsing from her husband’s wolf to hers. Turning and grabbing Abe’s hand, pulling him to be in the tight circle, Siofra throws her head back, issuing a triumphant howl as her mates join in, Abe with a roar that makes the hair on Shamus’ arm stand on end.
“What did he say just now?” Abe whispered, his lips on Siofra’s cheek.
“No need to worry about that,” she grins, kissing him sweetly and she sees that he accepts her answer. The dead Master Vampire’s final words rang in her head. “You may have killed me, but others will come. There will always be others in the dark. In the shadows. They want your blood for one reason or another.” No reason to upset her mates again, so she files the words in the back of her mind.
Smiling, meeting Conall’s lips as he pulls her to him, she sighs into his shoulder. “Home now love?” he asks, leading her towards the casino that held her son.
“Home,” she smiles, kissing each of her mates on the lips as they run their hands over stomach and up through her hair. They were free. They were together.


CHAPTER NINETEEN:

December 10, 2016

“Susan!” Siofra yelled from her perch on the side of the bed in Dyson’s bed room. It had been a couple weeks since the Amadeo incident and life for the most part had returned to normal for the abnormal family. Dyson had started to work at the garage with Abe and Conall again, leaving Siofra at home with the boys and either her mother-in-law or one of her sister-in-laws. Her fingers wrapped into the edge of the bed sheet and she yelled a little louder, “Susan!”
Her vampire friend, Sam, stuck her face around the door cautiously and Siofra can see her close her eyes and roll her head, taking a deep breath. She could smell the blood and Siofra hissed in another breath with the coming contraction.
“How far apart,” Sam asked calmly, appearing at her side in a flash and taking her hands, helping her stand slowly. She wasn’t going to give birth in a bed this time. The Pack Doctor along with Siobhan have convinced Siofra to have a water birth this time around and Abe has built a large enough Jacuzzi in the remodeled basement, finishing it just two days before.
“Only about five minutes,” Siofra sighed, waddling slowly down the hall as Susan appears, the twins wrapped around her legs. “Call the guys Sue,” she grinds out as she fights through another contraction, “it’s time.”
“Oh geez,” Sue huffs, ushering the boys into the living room as they ask what’s going on. “Mommy’s okay,” Siofra can hear her issue as Sam helps her down the carpeted steps into the basement. Abe had really done a wonderful, and quick, job of finishing the basement and Siofra was happy it had a separated bathroom containing the large tub. She didn’t want just anyone walking down and seeing her in the tub giving birth.
“I’m not sure about this,” she breathes out, gripping onto the edge of the tub as Sam filled it, turning on the heater like Lilith and Siobhan had instructed. 
“You’ll be fine,” Siobhan’s soft, music like voice filled the room as her arm snaked around Siofra’s waist, calming her just by a touch. She tried to give the Fae Queen a smile, but the pressure and pain radiated from her look and Siobhan rushed Sam along, blessing the water with her magic before Siofra stripped down to her sports bra and steps in. The heat filled her limbs with an ease and she sighed, wrapping her fingers around the edge not able to totally relax until her mates are by her side. She closed her eyes and breathed in rhythm with another contraction, appreciating the hand on her back from Siobhan.
“Can you go up and see if they’re coming,” she says to Sam in almost a beg. Her children are coming fast and she doesn’t want to do this alone. She had been pretty much alone when she gave birth to Roan and she doesn’t want that feeling again. With the twins, well she had had Susan, Conall and the Pack doctor, Michelle Trapper, by her side. Her vampire friend disappeared up the stairs and Siofra can hear the front door open and close.
“Oh Lord,” she hears her mother-in-law before she sees her rushing down the stairs, her graying strawberry blonde hair floating around her face and her light green eyes resting on Siofra, giving her a sweet smile. “Everyone is on their way,” she grinned, rubbing between Siofra’s shoulder blades.
“Everyone,” she questions, trying to not over react as another contraction rolls in. “What do you mean everyone,” she grinds out.
“Well once I tol’ Conall, he of course yelled it to all of his brothers and Jace at the garage, they called the girls, so on and so forth.” She gave Siobhan a smirk and the Fae Queen tried to stifle a laugh, getting an evil look from Siofra.
“Well you better tell your son to hurry the hell up,” she sighs, rolling her head around trying to ease some of the tension. Her half-sister Lilith appears at the foot of the stairs and Siofra waves at her through the crack in the open bathroom door. Lilith was here in case something went wrong and to tend to the babies after they were delivered. The only ones who were going to be in the tub with Siofra were her mates.
“She needs to start pushing,” Lilith stepped up to the side of the tub and grabbed Siofra’s wrist, her white-blue eyes washing over her sister’s face. She was a talented healer and she can sense that Siofra is in a tremendous amount of pain, so she smiles and sends a wave of power through her fingers, trying to soothe her. “She shouldn’t try holding it in, you know that.” She looks over to the Fae Queen and Siobhan nods.
“No,” Siofra almost yells in the throes of another contraction, “I need to wait for my mates.” She had to close her eyes to fight off the tears from the pain and she hears screeching tires and then crunching gravel of their driveway. “Hurry!” She sends out, connecting effortlessly with her three mates and she can feel their anxiety and excitement peek.
The front door slams into the wall above them and Siofra smiles at the sounds of pounding feet and laughs. “Shoes off,” she hears Abe chide from the door to the basement, “I don’t want your dirty feet ruining my carpet.” Siofra giggles along with Susan as Siobhan pushes the bathroom door open more.
Conall was the first down the stairs, pulling his shirt up and over his head as he was kicking off his boots and Siofra tried to give him a smile as his eyes met hers. His brow creased and he let out a low growl when he sensed the pain she was in. “Love...”
“Shh,” she sighed, “get in. It’s time.” She rubbed her hands along his bare chest and her wolf whined in appreciation of his presence. As Abe and Dyson joined them in the bathroom, Susan and Siobhan exited, shutting the door behind them. The men stripped of their jeans, climbing in the large tub in their boxer briefs surrounding Siofra.
“Alright, just how we talked about,” Lilith coached, nodding to Siofra as she leans back into Conall’s chest and he sinks back down onto on the molded seats of the tub. A slight knock on the door and Michelle Trapper entered, smiling sweetly at everyone. Lilith and Michelle shared duties at their office in town and she looks to the dark haired woman for the update. “We’re ready to go,” Lilith smiles.
“Okay then, with the next contraction you know what to do,” she grinned and Siofra let out a slight giggle, nodding her head. She sees Lilith and Michelle pass towels to Abe and Dyson who are wide eyed with their nerves tingling like lightning.
Siofra grabs one of each of their hands. “It’s okay,” she smiles, feeling the next contraction coming. Her tiger and Berserker both wink and she leans her head back on her husband’s shoulder, closing her eyes to gather her strength.
Conall wraps his arms around her, holding her tight and he whispers, “Love, our babies are almost here.” He grinned and kissed her ear and Siofra felt his strength seep through her, filling her and she took in a deep breath, gripping her hands into the handles that Abe had specially installed for this day. With her feet propped up on the seat on either side of Conall’s knees, Siofra bore down.
“Oh my God,” she heard Abe mumble.
“You’re doin’ it,” Dyson exclaimed and Siofra smiled hearing his excitement. Conall had promised the guys that this set of twins was all them. They could cut the cords, they could issue the first bath and if Siofra agreed, they could name them as well. “I can see the head.”
Siofra breathed out, leaning her head back. “Come on Love, one more time and this guys out,” Conall murmurs, kissing her temple and rubbing her chest. One big breath and Conall starts to count down from ten as Siofra pushes. Her eyes are almost closed but she sees Dyson move in front of her, the pressure alleviates a little and Dyson scoops up the first baby through the water, quickly handing it off to Lilith.
“It’s a boy,” he smiles back at Siofra, leaning down and kissing her sweetly as she shifts around on Conall’s lap, her breathing rapid as she feels another contraction building.
“I can’t do this,” she cries as she throws her head back on Conall’s shoulder, the pain radiating throughout her entire body. “It hurts too much Connie.” Her wolf whimpers, the sound vibrating against her teeth and Conall replies with a low growl, nipping at her ear.
The first baby’s cries break the minor silence and Siofra’s heart breaks, the tears streaming down her cheeks. “You can do this love,” he whispers, “we’ve got you. You can do this, now, come on. One more time.” Siofra felt like screaming, but she knew he was right and she took a few quick breaths, preparing herself.
Moving her feet back to straddle Conall’s knees, she gripped the handles as Abe moved in front of her, his hazel eyes washing over her with warmth and appreciation. “Lover,” his voice was husky and full of emotion, “this is the greatest day of my life.” A couple of tears leaked down his cheeks and Siofra felt calmer, almost edging the pain away entirely and she took one deep breath, closing her eyes and baring down again.
Conall’s calm voice counting down from ten kept her on point and Abe’s excited exclamation as the pressure eased. “It’s a boy!” he almost shouted and Siofra can hear cheers and foot stomping from upstairs, making her tiredly giggle, fully leaning back against her husband. Conall’s arms wrap around her as he kisses her neck, cheek and temple repeatedly. The pain doesn’t go away and Siofra starts to feel another contraction coming.
“Connie,” she murmurs, shifting in the pain that is radiating throughout her lower back and abdomen. She flicks her eyes over to Lilith and her sister immediately knows something is wrong, hopping in the tub and coming to her side. A wave of bone crunching pain fills her and Siofra screams at the top of her lungs, bringing her wolf to the surface ending in a howl. “Connie,” she cries, turning her face into her husband’s neck, feeling the rumble from a growl vibrate through his skin.
She can feel Lilith’s touch on her skin and a muffled gasp escape the woman’s lips, causing her eyes to snap up to her sister. “You need to push,” Lilith smiles, her eyes wide. Siofra just looks at her, shaking her head as Conall asks her what she means. “I mean you’re having another baby. Now, push!”
A wave of her sisters magic hits her and Siofra takes a deep breath, feeling Conall’s arms wrap around her again and his lips on her shoulder she repeats the process, baring down feeling the pressure move. As Conall gets to the number two on his countdown, the pressure eases and Lilith scoops up a third baby, this one crying heartily as she holds it up. Her white-blue eyes are rimmed with tears as she looks down at her exhausted sister and her husband.
“It’s a girl,” she sniffles, handing the crying newborn off to Michelle Trapper.
“What did you say,” Conall asks with disbelief as Siofra grips at his forearm, bracing herself as her heart wells with emotion.
“It’s a girl,” Lilith cries, leaning down and kissing Siofra on the cheek before climbing out.
“A girl,” Siofra chokes, turning her face into Conall’s neck once more, letting her tears flow freely. She smiles into his skin as he leans his head down, his tears dripping onto her cheek. Dyson and Abe squeeze tight next to her and wrap their arms around, forming a blanket of skin on skin as their lips meet hers in adoration, issuing congratulations and loving words. She wraps her arms around their necks, pulling them closer to her as her newborn babies cry softly in unison, making the four of them laugh through their tears.
As Michelle tends to the babies and the guys drain and rinse out the tub, Lilith helps Siofra clean off and get dressed comfortably before her family and other Pack members come down to meet the new pups. She is tremendously sore and appreciates when Siobhan appears, lightly touching her lower back and sending a wave of power through her muscles, easing and stretching them as she slowly reclines on the couch near the stairs to rest.
“Here they are,” Michelle smiles, handing her babies to her one by one. With a boy in each arm and her daughter rested on her lap, Siofra lets the tears of happiness flow down her cheeks. “They are perfect in every way,” Michelle coos as Siobhan and Lilith kiss and caress the infants’ cheeks.
“How am I going to feed three babies,” she laughs and they join in as her mates emerge from the bathroom, pulling their clothes back on. Dyson kneels in front of her, taking one of the boys as Abe slides in on her right taking the other. As she picks up and holds her daughter, the little girl squeaks and stretches, making everyone ‘ooh’ and ‘ahh’.
“We’ll talk about that later,” Michelle grins with tears in her eyes, leaving the little group and disappearing up the stairs. Seconds later a wave of people emerge, led by Siofra’s father Marcus and her boys, who are practically tripping over each other as they get to her.
“Slow down,” her mother-in-law, Susan issues, grinning from ear to ear as she looks over Siofra, her son and their mates. She stops mere feet away with the boys gathered around her as her eyes spy the little pink blanket in Siofra’s arms. Her light green eyes fill with tears as she gazes into Siofra’s blue ones. “A girl?” she asks and the room goes silent.
“A girl,” Siofra issues with a smile, laughing through the tears as they well in her eyes and Conall kisses her cheek, throwing his arm around her shoulder.
“Mommy,” Roan spoke up, peeking around from his hiding spot behind his grandfather, Marcus’s legs. Siofra waves him and the twins forward, laughing at the twin’s excited giggle as they jump from their grandfather, Clyde’s grasp. “Mommy can we hold them,” he asks, roaming his grey-blue eyes over his two new brothers and little sister as if he was looking at a candy shelf in the grocery store.
“Maybe later lil guy,” Abe laughs as Clyde leans over and kisses his little brother on the forehead, making the entire room giggle.
“What are their names,” Jace Smithe speaks up, leaning against the wall as he holds his wife Lilith tight to his chest. His deep Native American skin seemed to be glowing in the low lighting of the basement and he winks at Siofra.
She looks over to Abe and down to Dyson, giving them a shoulder shrug. “Well guys,” she asks as the room gets silent again, “what are their names?”
Dyson turned to face her, his golden eyes looking into hers and then down to the squirming bundle in his arms. His brow furrowed and his eyes went to the crowd, spotting his twin, Kraze, standing idly by with his mate Nikki. Clearing his throat he looked back up to his mate, seeing the tears on her lashes and the sweet smile on her lips, he got up on his knees and kissed her lightly, holding their son on her knees.
“Everyone,” he says with a shaky voice, never moving his gaze from Siofra’s, “meet Wyatt Edward Johnson.” Excited murmurs moved throughout the room and he smiled, still gazing in his love’s eyes. “Wyatt for my father,” he whispered, looking down to the cooing baby, “and Edward for Kraze, because that’s his real name. But don’t tell him I told you,” he grinned making Siofra giggle and lean down to kiss him passionately.
Turning her smile to Abe, she sees her tiger’s apprehension with the crease in his brow. His shoulders were hunched, his hazel eyes locked on the sleeping boy in his arms as Clyde and Markie looked over his massive arms at their little brother. Taking a deep breath he looks into Siofra’s eyes as she rests her head on his shoulder.
“What’s his name my tiger,” she whispers, kissing the side of his neck as she looks down at her newborn and the look on his older brothers’ faces.
“Everyone,” Abe issues, his loud bourbon like voice flowing through the room, “meet Luca Trevor Johnson.” A lot of murmurs run through the Pack gathered and Siofra gazes up at him just in time to catch his lips as he leans towards her. Smiling against her lips he says, “It’s the one I’ve been caught on since the day we found out you were pregnant.” He chuckled when she nips at his bottom lip, getting a loud purr to rumble through his chest.
Siofra leans back into Conall’s shoulder, resting her head as he kisses her forehead. “What about our little girl love,” she asks, pulling their daughter closer to her chest and settling her between them. She squirms and issues a little squeak as Conall runs the back of his fingers along her newborn cheek, making both Siofra and him grin from ear to ear.
“She has green eyes like daddy and Clyde,” Roan chirps, climbing into Abe’s lap and leaning over his mother to peer at his little sister. His blue-grey eyes go wide and a smile creeps onto his lips as the little girl stretches, turning to face him with her little pink blanket tucked up to her chin, opening her eyes to look right at him. “See! See!” he squeals, getting his twin brothers to jump to his side, both of them leaning to see their sisters’ face. “Green eyes just like daddy’s.”
“And mine,” Clyde cries, scurrying to stand between Dyson’s knees to be closer to Conall, looking between the baby girl and his new brother, Wyatt. Siofra sees his dark green eyes dart from Wyatt to Luca and back to the girl yet to be named. “And look,” he kneels down with Dyson telling him to be careful of the baby and Clyde gingerly runs his finger over Wyatt’s scalp. “Our bruders have brown hair like me and little sister has dark hair like Markie!” He just about squeals the last part and Markie jumps down off of the couch, kneeling eagerly next to him, making everyone laugh.
“So,” Susan chimes in and Siofra looks up to see her mother Cecilia at her side, both women’s hands entwined with slight tears in their eyes. “What’s the little ones name?” she almost whispers and the group of close family and friends murmur their agreement, the excitement buzzing through the basement.
Siofra looks up to her husband, searching his pine green eyes as a smile caresses his lips. “Well she has green eyes like you,” she almost whispers, loving the feel of his lips on her cheek as he whispers kisses along her skin. “What about Emerald?”
“I like that,” he smiles against her earlobe and gently bites down, making her giggle. “We can call her Emmy for short, and what about a middle name?” He takes little Emmy from her arms and cradles her in one arm, close to his chest as Siofra leans fully into his right side. She is tired and her eyes are starting to feel heavy as she sighs her contentment into his shoulder.
“Hmmm, how about Siobhan,” she asks, not able to keep her eyes open more than a slit. She owed the Fae Queen a great deal and maybe naming her daughter after her would make her proud for all she has done.
“I like that,” her husband whispers against her cheek as he kisses her again, then clearing his throat to share with their family. “Everyone,” and the room goes quiet, anticipation hanging like fog around them, “meet Emerald Siobhan Johnson.”
Some claps, cheers and giggles was all Siofra heard before she drifted off to sleep, tired from giving birth to her triplets. Surprise triplets. She never felt her husband pick her up and move her to the downstairs bedroom, or hear any of the guests leave, but she smiled through her sleep, finally happy with her life.
Startling awake in the darkened room with the blankets up around her chest with one of the newborns whining in the crib she spies to her right. She sees a shadow standing over the crib and she bolts out of bed, igniting the magic within her and bathing the room in blue light in an instant.
“Whoa lass,” Shamus’ thick Scottish accent flows from the shadowed figure as he turns to her with a smile on his broad face, one of the babies in his massive arms. Siofra lets out the breath she didn’t know she was holding and goes to stand next to her Druid father, gazing at the two sleeping babes in the large crib. “Just came to see my newest grandchildren,” he almost giggles and she gives him a sidelong glance.
He has Emmy in his arms, his large finger grasped between her two tiny hands as she giggled, her green eyes glowing in the waning light from the moon peeking in the window. His white-blue eyes were glowing, looking down at the baby in his arms and the scene brought tears to Siofra’s eyes. She watched Shamus gaze down at Emmy, cooing and speaking Gaelic to her, his skin starting to glow, illuminating the room as her magic had done only minutes before. The light danced above his skin lightly, surrounding her daughter in his arms.
“What are you doing?” she whispered, reaching her hand out tentatively and feeling the warmth of the Druid’s magic flow in her fingertips when they touched the light. Shamus laughed, leaning down and kissing his grand-daughters forehead before nestling her back down into the crib, right between her two brothers. Siofra smiled down at her babies, wiping at the tears that fell slowly down her cheeks.
“Just giving your babies a gift from their ol’Da,” he grins, wrapping his arm around her shoulder and pulling her into his side, kissing the top of her head. “All of your children will make a difference in this world lassie,” he mumbled, leading her towards the door, casting light from the hallway into the dark and cozy space.
“I don’t want them to have a hard childhood like mine,” she said, running her hands through her hair as they slowly make their way to the kitchen where she can hear light voices. She already knew how mean kids can be. She had endured years upon years of bullies making fun of her because of the lack of control over her mind reading through her adolescent years. People fear what they don’t understand.
“Times are changing,” Shamus whispered, leading her into the kitchen and making her a cup of tea. “The world’s view on Supes with your sort of talents will change soon enough.” He winked at her, pulling his silver and black hair back into a tight ponytail and nodding for her to lead the way into the kitchen.
She was confused by his statement, but seeing her brother Marcus sitting at her table, flanked by Roman and Ronald and other F.S.C.C.A. agents lined up against the wall with her husband and mates at the head, she held her breath. “What’s going on?” she sighed, sinking down into Conall’s lap.
“It’s about your sister,” Shamus said, making a chair creak and groan under his massive form as he plopped down, kicking his massive boots up on the edge of the table. “The one you’ve yet to meet.”
“I have another sister,” she breathed, shocked that he hadn’t told her before. “Well tell me! Where is she? What’s her name?” There were a million questions rolling around in her head.
“Yes, well,” Shamus started but Marcus threw up his hand and stopped him, moving his eyes up to his sister’s face.
“Sissy there seems to be a problem with locating her,” he ground out, sharing a sharp glance with Ronald. Siofra bounced her eyes back and forth between the two and then to Shamus, waiting for them to fill her in. “You see, her name is Rowena Byrne, and she was a prisoner of the F.S.C.C.A up until last night when she escaped.”
“A prisoner?” Siofra almost gasped. What were they hiding from her? She needed more info. For some reason, since the utterance of her name, Siofra felt connected to this sister, this Rowena. She stared at her brother, telling him mentally to go on and tell her everything.
“She’s a fire starter sissy,” he glanced down at his clasped hands on the table in front of him then back up, frustration creasing his brow. “We don’t know that much about her, but when she was in our custody we learned that she can conjure fire and that she can move objects with her mind. She was captured in New York City after a couple buildings went up in flames, killing a Master Vampire and three quarters of his hoard.”
“Well what was her reasoning?” Siofra cried, frantically trying to fight the building emotions around her heart for this sister she never knew about up until minutes ago. “There must have been a reason. They must have done something to her.”
‘She’s in need of guidance,” Shamus chimed in, his voice booming over Marcus and shutting him down before he even got one word out in reply. His white-blue eyes bore into his daughter, his heart breaking, feeling what she was feeling for her sister. “Her mother never brought her to me as Cecilia did with you. I’ve had to track her through the years, only really finding her three years ago, but she was already on the wrong path.” He heaved a sigh and leaned forward onto the table with a loud thud from his chair, placing his massive hands in a peak in front of his chin. “She’s an important part of your prophecy my Siofra,” he glanced over to her, the pain evident in his eyes.
“Well of course,” Siofra almost whispered, looking over shoulder to her husband, moving her gaze to Dyson and Abe, seated beside her, supporting her silently with their strength and nods of encouragement. She recalled the story Siobhan had told her. Siofra‘s prophecy was to save the world with help from four other points represented on a drawing as a star, Siofra being the fifth point. Abe, Dyson and Conall represented the points descending from the top (Siofra “The Northern Point“) going to the right. The last point, facing West, must be Rowena. She is to be the one to complete the cycle, to bring the real peace to the supernatural world. “She’s my sister. We have to find her.”
“She’s dangerous,” Marcus interjected, once again silenced by Shamus, this time with only a look. He slammed his fist on the table and shot out of his chair, angered by what he thought was the Druids careless attitude towards his sister.
“We are already searching for her,” Shamus said, turning and softening his gaze on Siofra. “There is another who has a slightly higher stake in this than us,” he grinned.
“Who?” Siofra questioned, looking around the room as no one acknowledged that they were that one person. Who could have a bigger buy other than her blood and those who would die for her to see her safe, Siofra thought.
“Me,” the smooth, deep voice flowed over the tension in the room as the glass sliding door opened, letting in the slight chill of the winter night along with Penton. Siofra smiled at him as she took in his changed appearance. His dark hair was shortened, his white-blue eyes bright as ever, winking at her as he leaned on the glass. His tall muscular frame was hidden underneath snug jeans, a muscle defining long sleeve shirt and a wool pea-coat.
“But, why?” she cocked her head to the side, trying to read his mental signature but getting nothing of worth. He seemed different somehow, but she couldn’t pinpoint it.
“Well,” he grinned and Siofra could have sworn she saw a blush run over his skin making her smile. “Well, because your sister, Rowena, is my mate.”



EPILOUGE:
December 24, 2016

Siofra sat near the glass sliding door, rocking back and forth with baby Emerald in her arms quietly nursing as Wyatt and Luca snored in the playpen next to the kitchen table. The annual Pack Christmas party was going strong in their den, living room, family room and basement, the music and happy voices reaching her as she hummed along to her baby girl. Pack Alpha Mike had opted to move the party from the family bar to his brother’s home, knowing that it would be hard for Siofra and her family to travel on a night that only a year ago they suffered that tragic accident that took their unborn daughters life.
She fought back the sadness as she tried not to think of that night and the sound of the shattering glass, the crunching metal, than waking up in the hospital days later. Wiping a small tear away from her lashes she smiles down at little Emmy clutching at the edge of her shirt and she squeezes her tighter, humming along with “Jingle Bell Rock” streaming through the speakers all over the house.
“You’re missin’ the party, baby,” Dyson’s sexy voice comes from behind her and she smiles, meeting his dark jean clad figure, topped off with a fitted pull over sweater with his favorite plaid shirt peeking out at the collar and sleeves. He winks at her, coming over and wrapping his arms around her shoulders bathing her in heat and kisses as his lips move from her cheek, down her neck and across her collar bone as he pulls back the strap of her tank. “Aren’t you cold sittin’ by the window like this? Where’s your sweater?”
“I’m fine, I’m fine,” she giggles as he searches around her for the red cowl neck sweater he had helped her pull on after their little tryst before the guest got there earlier. He found it on one of the table chairs and brings it over with a smile, causing her heart to race like it always does. Leaning over the play pen, Dyson’s golden eyes move from one son to the other, his heart welling with pride in the fact that he can call them his as he does Roan and the twins.
“Sound asleep,” he chuckles, handing Siofra a burping rag as she shifts Emmy to her shoulder, pulling her bra and tank back in place. He leans down, brushing his lips along her ear lobe and kissing the spot right behind her ear, making her wolf whimper and he smiles against her cheek, pressing a long kiss as she pats the baby girl on the back. “I love you so much.”
“I love you too,” Siofra whispers, turning her face and catching his lips for a long passionate kiss making a low rumble rip through his chest. She smiles against his lips, releasing him to lay Emmy down between her brothers, her little eyes closed and a steady rhythm of breathing already streaming from her little body. In the couple of weeks since their birth, Wyatt, Luca and Emmy had each gained eight pounds earning them the nicknames of “Porkers One, Two and Three” from all of their friends and family.
Pulling her sweater over her head, fixing the cowl neck and her hair, Siofra wraps her arm around Dyson’s waist as his arm goes over her shoulders, leading her back into the party. “I wanna take a walk,” she whispers as she lays her head on his shoulder, smiling at their Pack mates as they weave through the crowd, headed for the basement. There was freshly fallen snow and Siofra’s wolf wanted to be outside, looking at the moon with her mates.
“Sounds great baby,” he growls, squeezing her shoulder and kissing the top of her head. He basically carries her down the stairs and she giggles, accepting greetings from more Pack mates before Francie spots her, squealing in her usual way as he curly red hair bounced at her shoulders as she weaved past her husband and friends to squeeze Siofra around the waist.
“Hey France,” Siofra smiles, kissing her best friend since childhood on the cheeks as she spies Trey following his wife’s path to Siofra’s side, squeezing her around the waist in a one armed hug. “You guys are having a good time right?” she asks, scanning the crowd to get the mood from everyone’s thoughts. Her heart lifts as the mood seems happy and loving, smiling faces meeting her all around as they chatter amongst themselves.
“A great time!” Francie laughs, pointing Siofra to look over at some of the younger wolves arguing over a game of pool on Abe’s brand new table. “Francesca is having a ball with all the other kids up in the play room. Her and Clyde seem to be getting along pretty well,” she winks, elbowing Siofra and they both laugh.
Siofra’s grin deepens because she caught her green eyed twin holding the little girls hand and talking to her in little whispers. “Yeah it seems my son might have his first crush,” she laughs, gasping as she feels arms go around her waist. The familiar pineapple and sandalwood scent washes over her and she leans back into Abe’s expansive chest, hearing a purr rumble through it.
“Talkin’ bout lil Clyde I see,” he whispers, kissing her ear, cheek and neck as he chuckles and she nods. He lifts his hazel eyes to Trey and elbows him in the side, laughing and joking with the tall lanky man. “My sons got his eyes on your little girl I guess.”
“That’s good,” Trey smiles, moving his gaze down to Siofra and across the room to Conall talking away with Marcus Sr. and Shamus. “At least we know she’ll be in good hands,” he wraps Francie in a hug and kisses her forehead and Siofra punches him on the arm , getting him to fake being hurt and rub the spot as Francie laughs at him, leaving Siofra and Abe to mingle some more.
“Dyson said you wanna take a walk?” Abe says, kissing her cheek and lips lightly, pulling her tight to him with running his hand from the middle of her back down along the curve of her butt and hips.
“I wanna run in the snow,” she answers breathily, caught up in the passion running from Abe’s eyes and he smirks down at her, feeling the desire roll from her like a wave. “Stop turning me on and go get Dyson and Conall,” she smiles, pushing him back as she turns and makes her way up the stairs.
She finds Susan Johnson and tells her their plans and she agrees to keep an eye on the triplets as Siofra checks in on the boys who are playing away with the other young pups in the game room under the watchful eyes of she-wolves trading off every thirty minutes. Pulling her hooded vest from the coat rack and her boots from the closet, Siofra stops abruptly as she re-enters the kitchen, seeing her mother Cecilia leaning over the playpen.
“Hey mom when did you get here?” She smiles, rushing over to hug her mother who kisses her cheek, squeezing her daughter tightly.
“Oh just a few minutes ago,” she grins, releasing Siofra to look back down at the triplets. “I just wanted to say hello and check up on my newest grandbabies.” Siofra gives her mother another squeeze and brushes the graying hair back from her forehead, leaning her head on Ceclia’s shoulder. “It’ll be dangerous you know,” she whispers, not looking from her new grandchildren.
“What will mom,” she asks, suddenly gripped by a slight fear.
“Going after Rowena,” she sighs, leaning her head onto Siofra’s, running her hand up and down her daughters opposite arm not wanting to let her go. “She’s only a year younger than you, but she’s been alone most of her life. She’s a loose cannon.” The concern in her tone was evident, but Siofra pushes it away and kisses her cheek, releasing her to dress for her little walk. As she sits her mates come around from the living room, ready in their jackets and boots.
“Mom, she’s my sister,” Siofra says sternly but with respect and her mother nods her head. “She needs my help and we need her too,” she stands, taking Conall’s hand and kissing her mother one more time. “Besides, Penton is the one going after her. She’s his mate after all,” she smiles, taking Dyson’s hand on the other side.
“Yes, yes,” Cecilia nods, kissing the three men on their cheeks. “He will have his hands full for sure now go on, I’ll watch these guys with Sue,” she grins as the retired female Alpha joins them. The four mates nod and disappear out the sliding glass door.
The chill hits them, but the smile on Siofra’s face warms all their hearts, staying off the cold from their skin. She lifts her face to the sky as they walk down the stairs and across the back yard headed for the woods, the fresh snow crunching beneath their boots. The moon was big and bright in the Montana sky with no clouds disturbing her view and she took a deep breath, hearing her men chuckle at her.
Releasing Conall and Dyson’s hands at the edge of the pond, Siofra slowly walks to the edge of the wooden dock, remembering that horrible night in summer that sent her life spiraling again. She isn’t going to let it keep her back any longer and letting a few tears slide down her cheek, she puts it behind her, lifting her face to the moon once more.
“If you can hear me, please listen, Rowena,” she sends out, not knowing if it can reach her, or if her sister will let it. “Please, you’ll be safe here. I’m your sister, your family. Let me help you. Please, stop running and let your family help you. We need you too.” She closed her eyes for a second, letting the moon bathe her skin in the bright white light, her wolf on edge and ready to rip loose.
“Are you okay love?” Conall asks, slowly approaching his wife with a concerned look. As she turns and smiles, his worry leaves him and he grins right back at her.
“I’m perfect,” she whispers, looking at her three men with a smirk. “You guys ready?” she grins, giving them a side long glance as she skirts around them, slowly heading for the woods. As Dyson starts to ask why, she lets her wolf loose, her skin morphing and her bones cracking with the shift, leaving the three men speechless as her white wolf shook it’s coat out in front of them. She raised her face to the sky and let out a long, happy howl, sparing them a quick look before racing off into the woods.
Two excited howls and a loud bone chattering roar and the three men were after her. Conall’s black wolf slinks along in the darkness, following the white streak of his wife’s wolf as Dyson’s silver Berserker form brought up his left hand side. He could only see the bright orange flash from Abe’s fur for split seconds as the tiger bounded along on his right but he kept his eyes on Siofra’s back flanks, enjoying the freedom she was feeling.
Siofra howled once more in happiness as she reached the old tractor road, stopping and looking at the moon as she can hear her mates catching up to her. She was whole. She had her family and they were happy. Soon she would have her sister and her good friend Penton would have his mate. She huffed into the dark, creating a large cloud of steam as she hoped that Rowena heard her plea only minutes before.
Turning and facing the woods, she sees Conall and his bright green eyes heading straight for her as Dyson came to her right and Abe to her left. Lowering her head and pulling her lips back, her breath steamed up around her. Giving a loud yip, she raced head long back at them, hearing a roar and howl in return and seeing an undeniable look of love in Conall’s glowing eyes as she jumped right into him.
She was home. They were home. Her Pack was safe. It was time to relax and have some fun in the snow.


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Rowena
Rural Maine
December 24, 2016

The snow is falling in big heavy clumps now as I huddle up to a large pine, taking a quick breath before moving on. The Berserkers tracking me are only about half a mile behind and I can hear their growling and howling as they track my blood trail. If that bastard at the gas station hadn’t told them where I was, I’d be safe and warm in that cozy little Inn, tucked under the sheets with Blaine beside me, making me feel good with his massive arms and well-tuned “skills“ as I call them lovingly. I hope they haven’t killed him.
The gunshot wound in my leg is slowly healing, but they must have used silver laced bullets as the blood is still trickling down my calf and into my boot. Looking up to the moon I curse whatever God might be listening, slamming my clenched fist into the trunk of the pine hearing it crack. “If you can hear me, please listen, Rowena,” I hear and close my eyes, not knowing the voice echoing through my head but somehow, it calms me, making me forget about the wound and the drug crazed wolves chasing me.
Brushing my short, naturally silver hair out of my eyes I quickly shift into my snow leopard form, hunkering down under the massive pine in a spot where I can still see the moon. “..you’ll be safe here..” I can hear the voice say and I huff, coming out in a light hiss that steams around me. I’m downwind from the Berserkers but I can hear them getting closer and I huddle closer to the trunk. Where is this voice coming from? I close my eyes tight and try to focus in on it, pulling my raging power close to me and feeling the heat from the ever present flames always on the brink of exploding.
“I’m your sister, your family,” I hear it again and it freezes me in place. I forget how to breathe. I forget how to move. My sister? I think incredulously. No way! The only family I ever had was my mother and she’s been dead and gone for fourteen years, since I was twelve, so this can’t be true. And how was she connecting with me? I’m snapped from my musing when I hear voices only about ten feet from my hiding spot, on the perimeter of my pine.
“Where the hell did she go?” a scratchy deep voice yells and I watch his torn jean, worn out Timberland legs stalk around, brushing against the branches making them shower me with needles. “That bitch couldn’t have gotten far.”
I’m hoping the breeze stays still for the time being as another wolf in camo overalls and knee high rubber boots steps next to the other. “She’s got too big of a bounty on her head for us to lose her,” he growls out, slapping the other on the shoulder. “That big wig in New York wants her head. Guess she burnt up his kid or somethin’.”
Oh great, just what I need. Although, Livius did warn me that if I killed him, his father would come after me and Livius was over three thousand years old so I can only guess how ancient his sire is. He shouldn’t have touched me if he didn’t want to die. I had burned down that damn Master Vampire and his coven because he had tried to rape me in his club, and well no one should get away with that shit.
Even though I was arrested by the F.S.C.C.A after that, going to that club did wield one good thing. It’s were I met Blaine. He was a bouncer and he looked the park both clothed and naked. He had massive arms covered with tattoos and his chest rippled in muscles. He stood a little taller than me at about five foot ten to my five foot four. His short blonde hair only made him look more tan than he already naturally was and he was the first face I saw as I crawled out of the dungeon of the F.S.C.C.A facility in lower Manhattan. He is my mate and a strong wolf and I’m crossing my fingers that they haven’t found him or linked him to me yet in this quiet little town.
“What the hell was that,” one of the Berserkers snapped, bringing me back to the here and now. They both crouched down, right in front of me, and listened to something I could barely hear myself. It was a rushing sound, like a fast wind. I’m trying to pin point the source of it when one of them yells, “What the hell!” and there is a third pair of feet and a bright flash of steel.
Two quick slashes and a few seconds of gurgling noises before both men fall to the snow covered forest floor, their heads missing and rolling somewhere in the distance. I try to slink back to the trunk closer, but there’s nowhere else for me to go. The scent of sun ripened apricots washes over me as the third man slowly kneels. I see his fingers grip one of the larger branches and I issue a warning hiss.
“Now, now,” the smooth, deep voice washes over me, calming me and making me feel at ease. His white-blue eyes could have been twins to mine as he peers at me from a crouched stance, holding the branch near his head. His dark hair was cut close to his scalp and his pea-coat was open revealing a tight fitting shirt, framing perfect muscles. He reached a soft looking hand out to me and I flinch, not knowing if I should trust these feelings I’m having over this man that just beheaded my foes with an ancient looking sword. “Come on Rowena, there’s no need to fear me.”
Shifting back to human form in a flash and crouching on my hands and knees, my silver hair brushes my cheek. “How do you know my name,” I breathe out, reaching slowly for his hand. The shock that flowed through my fingers and arm at the slightest touch from him took my breath away and I’m frozen for a split second, until a smile pulls at the corners of his perfect mouth.
“I know an awful lot about you,” he chuckles, piercing me with those white-blue eyes again.
Oh my, I think to myself as he helps me from my hiding spot. Just what I need, more complications. And who was that voice I heard earlier?

########


TO BE CONTINUED IN BOOK FIVE OF THE BROADUS SUPERNATURAL SOCIETY SERIES: “ROWENA’S REVENGE”



ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Theresa Marguerite Hewitt grew up in a very small town in Central New York, learning to love everything country. She had always conjured up impressive stories, making worlds of her own and jotting them down on numerous notebooks. Leaving the small town behind her, she attended college near Buffalo, New York, earning a Bachelors Degree. She enjoys listening to country music [loudly with singing off key] and riding down long, winding country roads with no specific destination in mind.


CONNECT WITH THE AUTHOR:
TWITTER: @TMarguerite
FACEBOOK: www.facebook.com/TheresaMargueriteHewittAuthor
BLOG: www.theresamargueritehewitt.wordpress.com/
GOODREADS: Theresa Marguerite Hewitt [author profile( Become my fan!)] Theresa Hewitt [personal profile]
PINTEREST: TMarguerite -or-Theresa Marguerite


DISCOVER OTHER TITLES BY THERESA MARGUERITE HEWITT AT SMASHWORDS.COM

Paranormal Romance
The Broadus Supernatural Society Series
Book 1: Siofra’s Song
Book 2: Siofra’s Nightmare
Book 3: Siofra’s Change
Book 4: Siofra’s Fight
Coming Soon! Book 5: Rowena’s Revenge

Contemporary Romance
The Wakefield Romance Series
Book 1: Two Weeks With a SEAL
Book 2: Coming Home
Coming Soon! Book 3: I Never Asked You To Save Me

AND COMING SOON!!!!!!
Historical Romance
Viking Dreams
Book 1: We Roam The Seas
[STILL IN BRAINSTORMING PHASE: TITLES SUBJECT TO CHANGE]


THANK YOU FOR READING!!!!!
I appreciate each and every one of you that takes the time out of your days to delve into my worlds! Please remember that reviews and ratings mean the world to us authors, so please take the extra second to do so!
Thank You for supporting INDIE Authors!!!!
~TMH~
