
SIREN


PHILIP MATTHEWS


      He dreamed a veilèd maid
Sate near him, talking in low solemn tones.
Her voice was like the voice of his own soul
Heard in the calm of thought…
                      P.B. Shelly

Smashwords Edition

ISBN 9781005469078


Copyright Philip Matthews 2021



For over a century this has been understood: magnanimity is like profit to the charitable, in the way that kindness shores up a damaged life, making space for – not love as such – but more what used to be called regard, that is, acknowledgement of another presence and its truth. That is the danger of the other, that the revelation might be more than one could bear: that fortune is contagious, for good or ill. Why we like the famous, laughter, success, appearance.
 
Not what you’d need to read first thing in the morning, not long out of bed. But this is what is written here, a scrap of paper on the kitchen table – probably torn from one of the paperbacks stacked on the windowsill in the main room. This is what comes of strong weed out under the moonlit sky, lapping water in the offing, gentle breeze in the mellow night. Will he ever get used to the great outdoors, two thousand miles of ocean at his back, the nearest person probably at least two miles away? This is not the back garden, familiar windows all about, decent folk abed already, steady low music from the BT player down on the grass, being stoned serving only to prove that he is at home.
Stoned out here means your head goes around the world, out to the fruity stars, bouncing off that full moon – last night dropping into the placid ocean. No one is watching, maintaining control: people who know you expecting you to be who they know. Out here, you are not anybody at all – just barely controlled impressions like storms on the horizon. And the momentary thrill – do I dare or do I dare? – then the recoil to a fateful doubt: Am I going wrong?
That gets him out of the house this morning, out under the bright big sky, low hills over that way, a lot of ocean the other way, bright sun in the clear sky down the middle. That’s the problem with being free to do anything you like: you only discover how frightened you are of doing anything at all. Like there’s no cover anymore, no sanctions, no neighbours to keep a check on you, no limits. It’s true what the man said: total freedom is total inertia – just stuck out on an empty beach on a bright Spring morning with nowhere to go and nothing to do.
And that’s when he sees the woman standing on the rock down towards the water’s edge. A naked woman. Just standing there, arms by her sides. His response? A solid dart of fear, like a hot knife down his spine: seeing himself in the night on his knees not far from where he is standing now, crying for someone to come and love him. That kind of fear: like a fervent wish could transport you to another reality, especially when you are way too stoned, too exposed.
He does look around him to see if the rest of the world has changed much. There is the holiday home he is renting out-of-season not far away, his car, the contorted rowan tree out the back, low hills, clouds, and of course the sun ever-shining down on him. And still the woman stands naked on the rock down near the ocean, water calm towards the island to the left, tight heavy rollers hitting the beach to the right.
So he has flipped, no longer reality, projecting a fantasy in broad daylight. With this sinking thought, he sees the woman raise her right hand and wave to attract his attention. If he turns his back to her, closes his eyes and thinks this fantasy away, then it will be alright. He even vows that he has learned a lesson. He had never believed in hallucination, no matter how stoned, no matter what drug. If there was such a thing, he would have hallucinated when Miriam dropped him. He can remember the nights strenuously visualising out of his memory of her – a youth of nineteen buried beneath the bedclothes – making his lost love as real as he could and feeling the cold suck of rejection at his back, a bottomless pit he would never plumb no matter how hard he wanted to.
‘Can you please help me?’
He is startled by the sound, never mind the words, how it emphasises the low rumble of the ocean, which he realises he has never consciously heard before, even though he has lived here now for two months. Two thousand miles of ocean pressing onto the wet sand with such a patient steady boom. The sound is suddenly so vivid that he can feel the ground tremble, though he knows that is just his febrile imagination busily distracting him.
The woman on the rock can’t be real.
He will walk away, back to the house: he is walking away, back to the house.
‘Please.’
The strange – eerie strange – thing here is that her voice is as though right at his ear.
Now he is certain that she is not real – yet he turns and looks down the beach to see her standing on the rock, right arm still raised. Nothing for it then but to walk down over the soft sand, curious and apprehensive, not sure just what will happen if she is really there on the rock – or how he might feel if she is not.
The first thing he notices is that her hair is dry, which prompts him to ask:
‘How did you get there?’
He is aware, fully aware, that he is projecting here, like he has stepped forward out of himself – something he has never before done. And yes, there is the background nervousness as he wonders how he will get back to himself, how he will feel is she suddenly pops out of his sight and it is just another day in his life.
And she replies:
‘Some Columbian friends dropped me off as they were passing on their way to make a delivery.’
He accepts this explanation wholly and without question, and asks:
‘Where’s your luggage?’
She shrugs, a very life-like shrug, even her modest breasts trembling realistically:
‘I didn’t bring any. It was all very sudden.’
He nods as though this too makes sense. He wonders if there is another question he might ask her, then asks without thinking:
‘Why here? This is the middle of nowhere.’
She nods now in turn, her long brown hair shimmering in the sunlight:
‘It was the most convenient spot for them.’
He really has no answer to this, so plausible is her explanation. And then, just as he notices that the rock stands in the very centre of a wide pool of water, seaweed in places to show it is a permanent feature, she asks him:
‘Can you help me down, please?’
The pool looks deepish, so he counters:
‘Can’t you just jump down? It’s not very high.’
She looks so disappointed by this answer that he immediately bends down and removes his shoes and socks, rolls up his pants, and steps gingerly into what he expects will be – and turns out to be – cold seawater. At once the woman jumps down into the pool, landing just in front of him.
He does notice at once the curious aspect of this event: her two feet enter the water without disturbing the surface in any way whatsoever. He is both startled by this and yet not disturbed in any way. This is a fantasy – he accepts that now – while yet allowing that it is a real fantasy, meaning that he accepts that it is a true fantasy. And he is not even surprised by what she says to him next:
‘It is a good advance you humans have made, Bernard. Once inamorati drowned in order to join with us. Now we can join easily in water with no harm to you. That is good. It is better to commune here in this life and not among the shades, as before. The way is clearer now, as you will see.’
His very first impulse on hearing this is to reach forward to touch her hand. It’s not there: his own hand passes through her hand.
The disappointment is sudden and very deep. He turns away and wades back out of the pool, bends to take up his shoes and socks and marches away up the beach, floundering on the soft sand, the harsh grains grinding against his cold wet flesh.
His strongest thought is this: if he had somewhere to go, he would go there. Trouble is, he has nowhere to go.
 
Now he is standing in the middle of the main room, looking out the long holiday window at the panorama of low hills and islands, the intervening ocean, sunlight shining on everything within his view. It is like decision time, he very resolute with his arms akimbo, teeth pressing into his lower lip. His thoughts are not rational. He is thinking that fantasy doesn’t really work, that much he has learned this morning. Off your skull in the middle of the night, knees buried in soft sand, doesn’t get you what you want. What did he mean, anyway, asking for someone to love him? He has parents who still love him, seeing it all his life in their eyes and so knowing what love is like. How helpless it is, how vulnerable – think Miriam, fool. Strange how he can suddenly see it: what love is like, the love he sought last night, that is. Like the word he used last night before going out to beg a blessing from the open heavens: regard. How the French use it: like actually seeing someone, seeing the discontinuity, the fragmentary, someone always just coming into view.
‘I see only the colours, Bernard. That’s all.’
She is standing over by the fireplace, near the wonky stove and the turf debris that always seems to surround it. He remembers only now that he had noticed her absence on the rock when looking out at the panorama, that there was even a passing feeling of relief that he could walk out of his fantasy so easily.
Her nakedness is all the more noticeable here indoors. He asks:
‘Can you flit about – with no effort, I mean?’
‘I’m just with you, Bernard. That’s all. Wherever you are.’
It’s the word you that gets to him, sounding like a penetration into him. For an instant he losses the sense of distance from her, so that he feels as though she is merging with him in her intangibility. Then he hears the word colour – which has a special resonance with him – so that he says to her:
‘You have a blue tinge to your flesh, you know. Like coloured glass.’
And she does have a blue tinge, sometimes faint but just now very evident. It’s a blue that hovers between cold and electric, her body shifting in appeal, the yearning in him like a piece of elastic.
She is watching him with a speculative interest:
‘That’s why they call us Sirens, Bernard. Sitting on the Rock of Ages, combing our hair.’
And he sees her combing her hair, blue sparks leaping from her like angel dust. This is too much, his sensibility still trembling like a bell after the weed:
‘And why are you naked then?’
‘It's how you have me, Bernard. A man looking at his bride.’
Now that does shake him: quiet holiday home out of season in the middle of nowhere and he looking down to see that her body is entirely hairless. And, yes, he does see his bride: a sex doll. His candour astonishes him, but only after he has spoken:
‘Is that the best I can do?’
And her frankness also astonishes him:
‘Well, it is sex that you are thinking about, Bernard. Isn’t it?’
His voice is plaintive this time, which he doesn’t try to control:
‘I didn’t mean to. Honest.’
And she does laugh – a silent laugh:
‘Does it matter? I’m not here anyway.’
Now he is confused. He is the kind of man who wants to confess to some woman – not knowing what is to be confessed – only knowing that women prize knowledge over hugs and kisses, knowledge a road where sex is a fence. But this fantasy-woman already knows – of that he is certain. So what is she looking for from him?
 
He is eating breakfast at the kitchen table: oats, grapes and milk, lots of milk. His eyes are closed: the only way he can be with himself now. At school the phrase used was reserved, a reserved boy – which the unkindly termed mother’s boy, that is, a pet. He drank his lessons like cold water, a lot of cold water, while he covered the back pages of his copybooks – which he knew from experience would never be used – with drawings of cats and dogs. Why cats and dogs? Simple: there are many different varieties of each, and he could on a whim invent new breeds himself, fantastical creatures that might never have been able to walk, breed, eat or shit. One teacher caught him – the steady Mister Gormley – who looked at his pets, then at him, then just nodded, knowing that little Bennie Gilmartin did the work required of him by the education system.
‘So that explains the colours, Bernard.’
The woman is seated on the far side of the table from him, still nude though not so provoking just now. He has discovered that she is surprisingly obedient of him, while he has also discovered that he fears this apparent submission of hers, if only because she isn’t real and he is therefore in danger of getting too involved – even obsessed – with his fantasy.
Just now, however, he has a much greater fear:
‘You can read my mind?’
The slight movement of her lovely head indicates that she is being patient with him:
‘I see only the colours, Bernard. As I have already explained. But allow me. Those strange creatures you drew: remember that you used coloured pencils. Those coloured shapes I saw then made me so content, Bernard. You have no idea. How you loved the reds then, and how you feared the blue. I could see that so clearly: what being alive really meant. I could feel the pull of the red, while I used to embrace the blues, to keep you from completely abandoning them.’
He is nodding, remembering how the tray of pencils changed over time, the reds and yellows being whittled down, while the blues, dark and light, remained untouched, seemingly like erect sentinels to him even back then in his childhood.
‘I don’t think I feared them as such. It was more what I felt lay behind them. Maybe death, but more something like extinction, the light out for ever.’
She is nodding, for all the world at the moment like a real person holding an intimate conversation with him at breakfast time:
‘That was love, Bernard. Though it took years for you to discover that.’
For an instant, a tiny tiny instant, he wished that she was real, that she was a woman who loved him here in this isolated holiday home, with whom he could chat over breakfast.
But love?
‘It was Mom who gave me my first drawing book. I didn’t know that she had known about my doodling at school. And she gave me those fat wax crayons. I didn’t like them at first, you know. Very clumsy, blobs of colour. But the colours…’
‘Yes. I swam in those colours, those soft pastels. So rich and deep.’
He’s suddenly impatient, the slide of emotion seeming false.
‘No. Enough of that.’
She has pulled her head back, hair falling away from her shoulders:
‘But I do love how red and blue play through you, Bernard. How the blue tints your reds – making them fierce like life must be for you – and how blue catches fire in you, your will clamping against the death you fear so much.’
Excess here too, the woman like a child with goggling eyes, though her language he finds earnest but excessive. He gets to his feet, places the bowl and spoon in the sink, turns to ask her if she would like tea or coffee, then catches himself on. But she does say:
‘Have tea, Bernard. The colour of your coffee in the morning is dull, though it is fine in the afternoon.’
Her nipples are distended, though he can’t think why, that is before he realises that she shouldn’t be able to do that. Again he is candid in a way unlike him:
‘Can you get aroused?’
She smiles with a touch of abandon, like a giddy teenager:
‘Pleasure, Bernard. Tea gives me great pleasure. Do you know the colour? It is a dull red, the kind of tone you get if you add a steady green. I don’t ordinarily like green, but it does make the colour of tea very inviting. Does tea taste as good as it looks to me?’
Her nipples are even more distended by now. Yes – and it is not left-over high – but the sight is very erotic. He manages to get the kettle going, a teabag in a mug, his back to her, his penis nodding against his boxers. Still with his back to her, watching the kettle fuss as it heats up, he says as firmly as he can:
‘You must dress yourself. You really have to do that.’
Her voice is right at his ear:
‘Then you must dress me, Bernard. You see me as you want to see me, remember that always.’
The only thought he has – can have, it seems – is the fear of seeing her again just now, especially now standing just behind him, naked all the way down her body. But even this thought convulses him: the full erection struggling against his clothes, the heat like an oil over his entire body. He can only say:
‘I can’t…’
And then his hand is squeezing the erection, squeezing his hot member until it spurts. He buckles again the cabinet, head down, a low groan.
‘It is love, Bernard. You need to understand Eros. It is Eros that draws us together, all down through the ages, my dear man. Eros for me is music, but for you it is the carnal drive. That is how you are made, my love. Let us be blissful now together, you with the pulse of pleasure and me with the sweet music.’
 
Eyes closed again, mug of tea hot in his hand, his loins still a-tremor: he resists the feeling of joy. He’s not a puritan, could screw around college like any randy student – good at it, too, easy charm, smooth hands. That was birds-in-the-hand, this is bird-in-the-bush: even the memory of her fantasy-breasts sends a pulse down his dick. He sees he could easily wank himself to death with her standing there naked in the room. Better drowning by far, get it over and done with.
‘Eros is the bond between us, Bernard. That is love, aching to re-join.’
Keeps his eyes closed:
‘No. This works two ways. You must control the flow on your side too. You need to do that.’
He feels the chill so clearly that he opens his eyes. She is sitting at his side on the sofa. Even her knees work magic on him.
‘There is no flow, Bernard, as you call it. It is you who sees the separation, and so the flow is in you, from you into me. I am where you are, my hands your hands; these legs you admire now, your legs. Do you understand yet? You love me with passion, and you always will.’
He puts the mug on the floor, stands up and declares:
‘Then it is better if I drown, as your lovers used to do.’
She stands up too, and moves to be close to him, the blue sheen on her skin tremoring so slightly that a corresponding chill begins to stream down his own body.
It’s the longing that will kill him: that’s the truth as he sees it now.
She shakes her head, tresses sliding over her shoulders:
‘No, you won’t die, Bernard. You will learn, though you may have to learn the hard way. The way of exhaustion.’
She steps back so that he can see her entire:
‘So begin the lesson, my beloved.’
And it is true what she has said. Watching her nipples engorge, he finds that he is the one engorging them. That he is as though pulling something out of himself. And even as he wonders how far this can go, he sees her open her legs slowly, bending so that her groin comes forward.
Sex-doll.
His arousal is tremendous, like nothing he had ever experienced before with any woman. Not big, not eager, just a strength in his penis that would allow it pierce stone. Not really an arousal in the sexual sense: more like his entire body comes to a peak of preparedness.
And at the peak of his exhilaration the fantasy-woman just disappears.
 
‘It was your painting of the blue flower that drew me out, beloved. Remember that for me now.’
He is seated on a tuft of dry bog above the ocean, seagulls swooping in the sunlight, water glinting playfully. All alone for miles about, he finds it safe to speak out:
‘It was Miriam’s older brother. He was in his twenties and I was seventeen then, I had just started the art course at college. He called himself an enthusiast, and said his equipment was prosumer – which meant that core elements of his camera were to a professional standard. SLR, he called it, single lens reflex. Art is supposed to be strictly anti-camera – it has to be, I suppose, after all it was the invention of the camera that turned the painting trade into an art-form. I mean, so painters could go on making a living. Anyway, I liked some of his photographs, mainly because I liked the subjects he was attracted to, mainly cloud formations, flowers and trees. He said it was because these things were always unique: no two flowers or trees were ever alike. Of course, this kind of distinction wouldn’t mean very much to the average viewer, so he didn’t get to exhibit very often. But that picture that you like, this is how it happened. He had been up some mountain to get the sunrise and the kind of streaming cloud formations often seen in the summer in the mountains. Coming down afterwards, he came upon this bank in a bog covered with the usual heather and bilberry. But there were also a bed of blue flowers he had never seen before. Now, just as he prepared to take some shots, didn’t the sun rise above a shoulder of the mountain off to his right. There was still a hint of the dawn russet in the light and he was amazed by the effect of this subtle light on these blue flowers. So he took many shots as quickly as he could, especially of one particular flower, which rose prominently about the others. There was one particular shot among these that really drew me. Martin – that was the brother’s name – suggested that I paint it. I was reluctant at first, really daunted by the exactness of the whole image. So far, I had been daubing at best, a kind of freehand patterning – in effect playing with colour. He pressed me, and only when Miriam joined in did I feel I had to make a stab at it anyway. What Martin did for me was this. He open the digital original of the photo in Photoshop, overlaid it with a set of lines that broke the image into six by six squares. I had to learn new techniques. I needed to use paints rather than crayons or pencils. I hated oils from the very beginning at college, and so concentrated on acrylic instead, which was cleaner and the colours more vibrant. Hated canvas too, saggy and coarse, only good for throwing paint about. I like fine fibre board instead. As for the painting itself: I was surprised how easily I could in effect copy the detail of the photograph onto the board, and learned very quickly how to vary the colour range to better suit the paint image. That was fine. But when I came to the flower itself – well, I can tell you that I was reduced to tears. I did not think I could catch the subtlety of that blue. Look, there was blue, there was a paleness – not white – and then there was an overlay of the faintest russet – not red itself, but a colour tempered in a way I could not fathom. I daren’t try to work on the board itself, so I tested and tested on another piece of board. It was only when I remarked the problem to one of my teachers – an old woman who had been famous for a year back before I was born – that I got the answer. Know what she said? She told me to paint wet-on-wet and to trust myself. Took a week. Needed to find the paleness first: this was the lightest grey possible. Then the russet overlay. I toned off scarlet with a hint of yellow and a smidgeon of blue, and created a very liquid wash. So come the day: up early, the first prayer uttered since puberty, then made a soft wash of Cobalt Blue. Ok. So to the board and dive in: lay a thin wash of the blue, add a dab of the grey, work them with eye and hand only. You might not believe this, but I knew when exactly to drop some russet on top. I let it spread and settle, then took a sheet of toilet paper and touched it for an instant to the surface. Went away for a long walk, wanting to whistle but not knowing how. The finish is coarser that the photo image – which probably says a lot about modern cameras – but the painted image was pure art. I could see myself in that flower in a way I could never see myself in any photograph, no matter how good it is.’
He’s thirsty, so he gets in the car and drives to the village and sits alone in the back of the bar with a pint of stout, looking at the wall opposite. Nothing else.
‘It was the flower that brought me out, Bernard. When you saw yourself in the flower, beloved, you were looking at me.’
 
He has a second pint and afterwards stops by the village general store. He needs milk and oatmeal, looks for grapes but finds only small hard peaches available. Nothing for it but to take them, he remembering the big juicy peaches on a hot afternoon in Marseille, juice running down his arm. Had been afraid of the sun at first, but could never get over the sight of the local people getting on with their lives as though it was just another day. Never anything but a tourist despite living there for almost a year.
Problem at the checkout: not enough change after the pints, so he had to dig out the wad of notes from his back pocket. Did it as discreetly as possible, still about twenty of the fifty-euro notes left, but old Mrs O’Donnell never misses a trick. The big note awkward for her today – quiet midweek – so they settle so that he receives change for twenty, while the thirty euro balance will serve as credit for the future.
‘Marseille, when?’
He’s driving out along the empty road traversing the undulating open bogland, so he can take the time to answer, speaking out:
‘Long story. A lot connected with it. Start with the flower painting. Put it into two college exhibitions. The first was landscape themed, but the painting was dismissed as not fitting that theme. The second was a more general exhibition. But it turned it out to be a head-fest, the usual clutch of concept driven constructions. One guy apparently used fifteen thousand paperclips, which was regarded as super cool. I could cope with the first rejection – they did have a point – after all, I didn’t create as a piece of scenery. But the second rejection did annoy me, I suspect because I had to admit that regardless of my own opinion, what those people were doing did have a future. This was in final year now, and while my marks were pretty good, I knew I really didn’t have a future as a painter. That old teacher I told you about the last time. Her name was Mabel Fernshaw, and she came from the North of England. She’d had some success back in the Lowry days, there are two of her works hanging in Manchester and another one in a gallery in Leeds. Whatever about her talent as a painter, I still think she was a very fine teacher. She didn’t just push course work onto you and then grade it, she took the trouble to discover a student’s strengths and weaknesses and worked to develop whatever ability you had. Anyway, one of the last times I was in with her – some close sketching of furniture that she’d had me do – she suddenly handed me this little box. In it was an implement I had never seen before, with a wooden handle – like a pen – and a little clutch-like head of shiny steel. This was a paint-pen, and it had been given to her by her father over fifty years ago. She explained that I was more comfortable with the rough precision of crayon and pencil than with the soft texture of the brush. She suggested that I develop some expertise with the pen, which would allow me some brush effects while exercising the kind of control I preferred. It took weeks to get even a basic grasp of the technique required. But once I had achieved that I began to search for a use for it. It was the memory of the guy who had used all those paperclips that gave me the idea. First I got an half-metre rule made of clear plastic. Then I cut board to a width of just under a half-metre with a length of around one metre. The technique I used was simple. Mix a thickish wash in a given colour and lay lines down the board using the ruler and paint-pen. Let dry. Mix another colour, lay down lines at random. Did this for days on end, until I reached a certain density, when I began to lay the lines more deliberately, using the existing random array of lines as a base. Entered  in the next exhibition, a German collector gave me a cheque for twenty five thousand Euros in exchange for it, together with the offer to buy almost anything else I produced. That’s how I got to live in Marseille, though how I came to choose that wonderful place is another story for another time.’
 
Usually – at least out here in the west – he will heat a prepared dish, chicken or beef with a variety of dressings, but this evening he cooks some chopped carrot with garlic and a good dash of light soya sauce, and serves this on a bed of unsalted white rice. He sits where he can look out at the evening sky and the ever-present ocean, the sun still evident though soon to pass right on its journey into the ocean. This is the north-west coast of the island, where storms that have run up the coast will force their way around a famous headland to follow the north coast until they reach the outer islands of the next landmass. It happens that the house he is in is only two miles from the headland. He knew all this before taking the house – the out-of-season rent very reasonable – and did look forward to experiencing Atlantic weather in the raw.
Only one real storm so far – regarded as unseasonable – and he had lain in bed through the night feeling those mighty forces on his pulse. One of the first things he discovered was this: in artistic terms, storms work with thick oil crayons, daubing winds and shoals of rain with a wonderful creative abandon. More than once in the night he had wished that such a titanic power worked through his own being, though he knew very well that he was a summer sunshine kind of artist: seeking a delicacy of tone, a subtlety of colour-light, mesmerised by high summer shading, the gentle chiaroscuro it permitted nature. This is not impressionism – he’s not trying to outdo the camera – but an instinct for a kind of fullness that oils could never achieve, that even watercolour failed to find, thanks especially to that English obsession with structure. Still that guiding insight: we paint light, cameras shoot light, we even see nothing else but light.
These clarifying thoughts suggest to him that he should complement them with a hit of weed. He digs out the pipe, grinder and the jar of buds. Then:
‘You know what happens with stimulants, don’t you, Bernard? Most think the stimulant does the work, giving vision and profound insight. But no: your weed – as you call it – simply opens a door for you, no more. It is you who does all the work, looking through that door at what can be seen, even going through into yourself until you are on your knees in the night, looking for truth.’
This gives him pause:
‘You’re saying that I don’t have a use for this now?’
‘Do you?’
He places the paraphernalia on the coffee table in the main room and seats himself on the long sofa, back to the evening sky but facing the fireplace. Out of his indecision he says:
‘This is summer three years ago. I’m twenty two going on twenty three. Driving down to spend a weekend with the parents in our summer place near Clifden, out on the coast, but way south of here. Come upon a car drawn up on the verge, two young woman – obviously visitors – looking very anxious indeed. They are French, their rented car broken down, their English not really good enough to get them by in this situation. They are nice people, and I’ve been helped out of enough jams to feel that I should return the favour to humanity. So I go on to the next town, find a garage and a mechanic willing to come out and take a look. Not a big problem, which can be fixed with a part from his big metal box in the back of his van. I give him what he asks for – I’m twenty five grand rich, remember – and gallantly invite the two woman to continue on their way. But no. They will pay me what it cost – not at all necessary – so they must buy me a meal then. We settle for coffee and spend an hour together in a small café in the town, when I hear all about Marseille and its environs. I wait until late summer before making enquiries. My French is no better than the English of those lovely tourists – incidentally, I was not pursuing them, they were too decent for what could only be my casual interest in them – and I flew down very early one morning with little more than a backpack and my arty canvas shoulder bag. At the door of the aircraft it was as though they had the heating on full. Saw tanned building workers at full toil in that sun, tanned young people in short and tee-shirts, light sandals. I sat in the shade waiting for the bus into the city: watching all those people out in that hot sun going about their business. If I had known about this place, I would have arranged to be born and reared there, two and half thousand years of breeding there in this – to me – perfect climate. I would have tolerated Greeks, Romans, Barbarians, and the French, just to live there.’
It’s this kind of insight that decides him: he is already through that door now. He gets up from the couch, finds firelighters, lays them in the stove, empties all the buds on top and use the gas lighter to set whole lot alight.
‘It was the light, Bernard. It dazzled me. How I longed to see your world then.’
‘Yes, I can believe that. So what did I do there in a place of light? I walked its streets, boulevards, rues, avenues. Walked them all day every day. Sat down in the old port watching the Mediterranean light on the water. Sat on the beaches over at Pointe Rouge and watched the kids after school explore each other under that sun, all of us bathed in the unforgettable blue of the sea. That’s all I did. Yes, I had plans: painterly plans. But I knew I would need a lifetime to get a handle on the light, never mind do justice to the colour, to the golden glow in the afternoon, how the light danced on the trees, how people appeared in the shade of those trees, the surrounding grass throwing a cool green glow upon them. I quaked at night to even think of trying. Instead, I wished I could make music, though even then I knew that I would never catch those tones either, needing the roots of someone like Ravel to even try. So, as you can see, I wasn’t in Marseille to advance my career as an artist. What was I there for then? How indirect it all was. I rented a small apartment over near the new port, a working-class area where the dockers had lived, but was now being taken over by North Africans. But there were still some traditional shops surviving. One was a tabac, run by an aging Frenchman. Initially I bought chocolate there, to serve as a kind of food on my walks. But it softened too much in the heat. Then I discovered nougat. I had always purloined the nougat in the Christmas boxes of chocolates at home and had come to consider it a seasonal luxury. Image my pleasure to discover that nougat was made locally, using simple pure ingredients, and available at any time in the little tabac. Now I had proper food for my journeyings: it remained solid and tasty in the bottom of my canvas bag, even on the hottest of days. Well, so far so good. Come the day when I waited by the side of this old woman, who was engaged in buying five lottery tickets, and she counting out coin after coin – only to discover that she had enough only for four of the tickets. She left, very disconsolate, and I stepped forward to get my supply of nougat. I noticed that the old proprietor fiddled with the surplus ticket all the while, and realised that he was afraid he might misplace it now that it had been detached from the roll of tickets I saw to one side. So, on impulse I decided I would take the ticket along with my nougat. Thought no more of it, couldn’t even remember what I had done with the ticket, until the next time I visited the tabac to replenish my supply of nougat. The old man lights up at the sight of me, actually comes around the counter so he can shake my hand. Guess what? Yes, I had won the lottery, which happened that week to be an accumulation amounting to – for me – an unfeasibly large sum of money. Took a bit of sorting out, but everyone was very helpful – how people like the successful, thinking some of it will rub off on them. I banked the money here and banned every kind of communication with me. Last thing I did before leaving Marseille was to entrust the tabac owner – who I knew by then was an honest man – with a thick envelope to give to that old woman. It was a consolation that I hoped would ease her pain a little.’
Reliving those times makes him restless so he gets up and says:
‘Come on, let’s walk the beach in the gloaming. And don’t worry, you will be decently dressed.’
And so she was, a loose gown that flowed around her graceful figure, her breasts nonetheless nicely prominent. Eros, you know.
 
‘What do you do at night, when I am asleep?’
‘Oh, I join with you, Bernard. We are one while you sleep, when I am the agent of your dreams.’
 ‘And how am I then?’
‘We are joined, Bernard, flowing together.’
‘Then why do you feel you should come out like this? By day, I mean.’
‘You called me out, Bernard. You managed to reach back.’
And that is enough for him to begin his day. He gets up, showers and dresses, a feeling of difference on him that is very strong. It seems like a dissatisfaction, even a disappointment, like some hidden expectation has turned out to be less than he had expected, or even hoped for. But the big puzzle is this: why should possessing a very great deal of money – such that he will never have to work again – leave him feeling so empty. He knows he can google on the lap, then ring some number or other, and the rest of his life will be filled with all the excitement he could want. Anything he wants could be his.
As for asking for and apparently receiving love: he can still feel the cold pain when he found himself last night wishing that the fantasy-woman was real. That he could actually touch her, embrace her, fuck her. And to see her face as that desire registered with her: her confusion. Nothing more: just an honest but thorough confusion.
No. It’s not shame. Not over-reach, either. Really he thinks it was a failure in himself. He knows from experience how limited sexual desire is: how you use up a resource, as it were, like a battery draining. What then is love like? He has a memory then. Took a bus up from Marseille to Arles to see the sights, more in fact to watch people seeing the sights. Got into conversation with a young Italian couple, vaguely hippyish, and discovered that they had this big van – which the man used to make a living in Rome – and they were on their way to Paris for some holiday weekend or other. And he is struck by two features of that event now. One was the kind of social arrangement that permitted quite ordinary people flit between two world class cultural centres on little more than a whim. The second insight runs a bit deeper: the kind of life that young couple lived. Very restricted at one level – hard-working for a modest return – yet capable of together driving from Rome to Paris for a shared experience built upon two and half thousand years of European history. Seeing them again sitting side by side in that café, smiling, quite content together, at that instant living with complete trust in themselves, in each other, in the culture that sustained them, knowing that they grew older with each second until the time came for death and separation. That’s love.
And he knows this: for whatever reason – personal, historical, social – he could not do that. Fundamentally: he lacks trust.
He’s been eating his breakfast while running this scenario, staring out the window at ocean, sky and sun, not gloomy or sad, more like finally touching some base within himself.
And the fantasy-woman takes the trouble just now to reappear, sitting opposite him at the table, a shawl of some kind draping her shoulders:
‘You forget one small fact here, my dear Bernard.’
He’s wonders if she can ever know the effect her presence has on him, seeing this morning her modest breasts peeking out from under the shawl.
‘And what is that?’
She raises her right arm, so that the shawl slips there, the effect of which is to further expose her right breast:
‘You already love. You were born loving. We have loved, Bernard, ever since the fateful time so long long ago when we were parted.’
No: even if it is a fact of his existence, this statement does not help. And he knows why, of course.
His erection hurts him, his penis tight and hot. Eros, of course.
And he knows that if he moves now he will never stop moving until death stops him. He gets up from the table, saying:
‘Drowning was better, beloved.’
And he sees how she vanishes from his sight, there one instant, not there the next.
‘No longer possible, Bernard. Now we must re-join here.’
His penis is still hot and hard against his clothes, yet no passion, only that impossible emptiness.
 
The thing about money is that it allows you do what you want. That is, if you know what you want. He packs the backpack again, checks passport and so on in the back pocket of his canvas bag, gets the car keys. And off he goes. He knows he can drive to almost any point on the western border of Russia, to so many points on the wonderful Mediterranean Sea, even take a spin along the Baltic in the wake of the Hanseatics. He can fly anywhere, that special gold card he has would be good everywhere in the world, no questions asked. He can do anything he wants.
He stops to give a young couple a lift into the county town. They chat on the way. Turns out that they are going to see the young man’s family, his mother in hospital after a fall at home broke her pelvis. The young man works in a supermarket, minimum wage, the young woman still at school, final year, exams in a few weeks. He sees in the rear-view mirror how she sits by him, holding his hand, he explaining how his father is too old to cope, his sister in England on the phone all the time to him, mad with worry.
What can he do? Pure sentiment, no doubt, but he sees love sitting in the back of the car, girl loving boy, boy loving girl, boy loving mother, loving father, sister loving everyone from afar, all of them riddled with anxiety. He stops at the first bank. Luckily market day, so he can draw a decent sum. The bank even gives him an envelope. Dropping the couple off outside a council estate, he leans across to the girl and presses the envelope into her hand, nodding his head towards the boy getting out in front of her.
Then he is gone, further down the road: the emptiness still impossible. But it is either this or drowning – but drowning won’t work anymore.
 
Manages to catch one of the ferries late afternoon, so he’s across and over onto the mainland by the evening. He drives into the dusk among heavy trucks on their way to far-off places until he spies a small hotel up on the slope of a low hill.
The staff are kind and attentive – even before they see the card – which comforts him, he only realising now just how forlorn he is. Yes, he knows he is running, but not sure if he is running away from or towards something. A full meal can even be prepared for him – though the kitchen is closed for the day – and with the help of a couple of pints of a local beer he can wind down in the deserted bar. One thing does surprise him. He is sad, empty – forlorn is the word that comes to him – yet there is an edge of something that borders on satisfaction, even contentment. He may not know where he is now – too rich to live in the world now and yet nowhere else to go – but he is not alone anymore. True, this strange companionship comes with a quite subtle agony, a desire that flows through a mechanism that serves a completely different purpose.
He undresses in the room and lays out under the covers on the bed. She is not apparent but he knows she is near him. He says:
‘You know, the last year at college, I should have been working out a strategy for the future. Some were intent on making a career as artists, but there were others who were going into design. Interesting how the class divided along these general lines. The ones going into design I would call sexy – one of them, Alisa, I had slept with for most of second year, and I could fuck her time and again without ever getting tired of her. That doesn’t often happen, you know. Most times there is an element of expediency – on both sides, I should make clear – might as well be him or her as another. But Alisa was different, though I would never have thought of spending my life with her or anything like that. But the other lot, who planned becoming artists of one kind or another, they were very different. A lot of ego, that kind of reactive egotism, really wanting to be as good as someone else. Well, I suppose they would have to be like that, after all, they all intend becoming famous and rich. Design people didn’t like them: Alisa called them predators. Why not? The artists thought the design people were parasites, robbing ideas from artists to make money. Anyway, what happened to me is that I became very interested in a painter who might well have been that last great master before the invention of the camera destroyed the whole trade. This was Caspar David Friedrich. One of the things he said was that a painting should look as though it had been painted by a human hand, not pretend to be Nature itself. That’s as good an epitaph for that lost world as any. But what I admired most back then was his hand. He had the most beautiful clean and steady hand. By comparison, my hand is that of a house painter, though they use rollers nowadays. And I’d say he worked quickly, his eye and hand closely connected. Such clean work. It was only afterwards that I began to appreciate his actual paintings. Allowing for temperament – a quietist German disposition – Caspar David could work so diligently into a realm of calm, whole landscapes where nothing happens but where everything so powerfully is. Now, I would call it presence. Do you know what I mean by that?’
Then she is in the room, standing at the end of the bed, the shawl again draped over her slender shoulders, long brown hair arrayed across the fabric. She smiles, radiant:
‘Your presence now, Bernard, is a beautiful pink. What do you see that gives me that colour?’
‘Moonlight over water, a silver light along the horizon, stray high cloud, quiet people watching this quiet scene. Pink?’
‘Don’t you like pink? The colours between us will always be red and blue.’
‘Pink is weak. But you might say it is tender. Do you understand tender?’
‘No. It is a physical state? Between us, pink indicates a condition of the will. Do you understand that?’
‘No. Explain, if you can.’
‘We share a will and also soul. No, don’t try to understand what I am telling you. Not yet. It’s like we look at the same things but from completely different perspectives.’
‘How do you have language? I mean, if you have no connection to this physical world?’
‘This I will try to explain. It might help to explain other things too. Put it this way. Imagine that we are connected by means of a kind of sheath, like a thin, very sensitive screen. On one side is your mind – for the want of a better word – and on the other is my intelligence. No, don’t try to understand completely. I cannot have a mind, because I do not need one. Your mind, Bernard, reads the Darkness, which is the screen I told you about just now. My interface – as it were – is best called, in terms of your understanding, intelligence. What you call your intelligence is in fact what I make available to you, as a matter of course. Put it this way: your mind grasps what my intelligence discerns. Now, normally you would be concerned to grasp discernments that have to do only with your physical existence. If you wanted to, you could also use your mind to grasp other – non-physical – discernments. Actually, your mind does grasp such discernments, but you ignore them as a matter of course. But you are not aware that you are ignoring such discernments because you have never developed that part of your awareness, and the kind of ideology you are subject to in this age strongly directs you away from such insights.’
It might have been the long drive, or perhaps the overly sweet beer, but he is simply stumped:
‘Sorry. You lost me. I have no idea what you are talking about.’
He wants to close his eyes and sleep, but she is suddenly standing over him, hands reaching out to him:
‘No, Bernard. You must understand. Otherwise you will drive to your death. You may not like the emptiness that you now experience, but that is the realm in which I have my being. You need to grasp it with your mind, not just run away from it because you are afraid.’
Now he is annoyed. Only one other woman tried to nag him. Yet he finds himself saying:
‘I cannot reach you. Don’t you understand that? You can float in and out of my sight at will, but I am trapped here with this desire, the Eros you talk about. You cannot understand how it eats into me. I am flooded with a sexual desire that I cannot satisfy. You cannot be physical and I cannot be whatever you are. As I said before, drowning might be a better solution after all.’
She lets the shawl slip from her shoulders and bends closer to him:
‘Then burn, Bernard. It is the only way through for you. Burn with your love for me.’
He whimpers to see how he can make her fantasy-body so aroused, crying out at the sheer agony of his intense release, his whole body burning up and up.
‘The music, Bernard. Don’t you think I long for this music too?’
 
He makes the national motorway system early, inserting himself into the busy stream of heavy trucks and business cars with an ease that surprises him – he has never seen anything like this level of traffic before. And it is like a gigantic conveyor belt running down the country, signage indicating exits and the road system accommodating entries, all done at full speed. He should stop midmorning for food and rest, but the tension in him has wired him. The woman appears beside him at one point but the shouts at her to go away. He knows he is pushing, knows all about burn-out, yet he knows he is looking for an edge of a kind. It’s like he is in a flooded river, fast current, and he looking for a bank to beach on, or maybe just something to buoy him up even as the flood carries him down into some wide deep ocean.
Even so, a relief comes about midday, like he can relent if he takes care to do something. Not clear what that something is, but he pulls into the next service centre prepared for a sign or the like. No sign, just a late breakfast followed by a light lunch, sitting among a crowd of truckers and holiday makers. He’s by no means the only lone person there – some, men and woman, seem even more detached than himself, staring at table tops with complete vacancy. At least he is looking about him, still looking for the sign.
Does he see one or does he make one? A young woman, thin with mixed blood, a young child in a buggy at her side, just a mug and the wrapping of a bun on the table before her. This might be just an escapist sentimentality, but he goes to the nearest ATM, keys in the card and gets the maximum amount possible. Finds a discarded paper bag, folds it about the money, walks over to the woman and hands it to her.
He away in the car before she has time to register what has happened. He knows that most of the time it is not about money, but even so, money helps, like oil in a machine. That woman could kill herself with one drug or another – the baby doomed – or she could catch herself on, enough now to overcome despair. Or maybe she goes home and shows her folks what some dope gave her – and gave her for nothing, not even a quick fuck out the back. Any of those things. He thinks what money is doing to him, driving him out into a world he never wanted to know about. Money is always a temptation: for some a release, for many a threat – so some spend and some save. And always the question, that dangerous question: what do I really want?
He hasn’t given any thought to how to get the next ferry, so it has to be fortune that brings him to the less busy port, where arrangement can be made face-to-face. He is too crashed to do anything but stare at a blank wall during the crossing. The gentle roll of the ship helps, of course, but so also does the cold bar of pain that seems lodged somewhere in the pit of his stomach, perhaps an existential anxiety under other circumstances: here is it the perfect agony of unrelenting desire, like looking into a dark night at the end of a road.
Then his phone is ringing. It is his mother:
‘Bernard? Where are you? I can hear a drumming sound.’
‘It’s a ship, mom.’
‘A ship? Where are you? I thought you were staying with a friend.’
‘It’s just a short break. The weather is so good now. How’s dad?’
‘In bed. He has three final fittings tomorrow. There’s a big conference coming up, so they all want to look their best. But you shouldn’t be spending all the money that German gave you for that painting. I know you will always have somewhere to live, but you have to think about your future now, Bernard. You’re not getting any younger.’
‘It’s alright, mom. Just a short break. I’ll send you a postcard.’
‘Postcard? No one sends postcards anymore, Bernard.’
‘I will send you one, promise. From somewhere really nice. It’ll be a surprise. Look, I have to go now. We’re coming into port and I need to get down to the car.’
Still in the middle of the sea, he decides to eat again. Hamburger looks best under the circumstances. Chips, as well. Solid carbs. The tea is awful, but he’s sure the coffee will be worse. Truck drivers here too, and holiday makers. One group of women already whooping it up.
‘Do you remember the word, sagacity?’
He almost chokes on a lump of seemingly elastic bun. He’s about to shout, then catches himself on, a quiet family group at the next table watchful amidst apparent chaos. One of the whooping women is already down to her bra, parading for a group of truckers. He thinks:
Leave it. Told you: not while I’m travelling.
‘Your colour tells me you are sitting in gloom. The colours flash when you are driving and they are not flashing. Don’t lie, Bernard.’
He picks up his phone and says to it:
‘I am being travelled on a ship. That’s travelling as far as you are concerned.’
A steward has come into the restaurant and is now speaking to the group of whooping women. One of the women pulls her tee-shirt down and the rest cheer very loudly. The truckers are more interested in the steward’s response, tit nothing new for them. The steward is speaking into a com, nodding steadily. Two large men dressed all in black come through the swing doors. It’s like the party is only getting under way.
He’s out on one of the decks by now, breathing sea air mixed with marine diesel. The wrong end of the ship.
‘Sagacity. Do you remember that word, Bernard?’
He groans: even the presence of her words makes him want to fuck her. Fleetingly, he thinks drowning. So opportune just now, threshing propellers just a few metres away.
‘I’m thinking about drowning. Just need to climb the rail here and I will be mashed up by this ship’s propellers in a matter of seconds.’
There is such an emptiness in him right now. Even the effort of climbing the rail is beyond him. Yet he knows that when he is called to get into his car he will do it. And he will keep lane, obey lights, eat when hungry, piss and shit, and everything else that living demands, and do everything only because some outside impulse demands it of him. But he cannot make himself climb that rail – the rail he has just laid his right hand on.
‘Don’t you know what love is, Bernard? Didn’t your relationship with that girl not teach you that? Who did you see in that girl, Bernard? Think, remember the first instant. Who did you see?’
Karl Johnson’s eighteenth. His mother doling out lemonade. His father beings pals with everyone. And she walked into the room. With a friend. She was unwrapping a scarf from around her neck. It was like it had already happened, even before he thought anything at all about her. What did he see in her? The Garvey guy hung around her all night, talking at her. It was only when I went upstairs to piss away the lemonade that I actually met her. It was like sliding down a slope: hello, I’m Bernard – yes I know, I’m Miriam, Miriam Prentice. I know your dad, he has his shop just down from where I work. Then a date, then another.
‘You know, it was hard even to kiss her. I put it down to purity, virginal marriage and a life together. And yes, I know. It was you I saw, is that it?’
There’s a ship passing them, going the opposite way. There’s even a man standing alone on a deck towards the back, sea air and marine diesel there too. He waves. The man waves in response. Ships passing in the golden evening. He feels an immense relief.
‘You’ve flash such a beautiful bright violet, Bernard. What has happened?’
He can see lights forward now, a lighthouse on a height. Time to go:
‘I know who you are now. What if I had screwed Miriam? Would that have made a difference? I didn’t feel the urge, to be honest. Maybe too innocent still then.’
‘It would not have made any difference at all. She was a mirror, that’s all. You saw me in her face, her eyes.’
‘But I didn’t want to fuck her.’
‘You didn’t love her, Bernard.’
 
Presents himself at the hotel, no words needed with that kind of card. Still time to find a place to eat. First a brandy, though, in a small bar. There’s a screen, music beyond. Teenagers having time together, low lights, smell of weed strong. Seeming not more than sixteen, she offers to dance with him. Takes him only seconds to catch on: small town on road away from port, brandy stop, visitors with money. What that girl can do amid the tight scrum of a dark dancefloor. It’s like a testing station for him – his worst fear confirmed. Nothing, absolutely no response. She follows him to the door: looking surprised more than anything else. He fiddles a note away from the wad in his back pocket and gives it to her, eyeing her with a wistful smile – she really is very sexy and so loose – and says with a shrug:
‘No love, sorry.’
She’s looking at the note, then at him, than at the note again. She really is so sexy: god, but he would love to take her out the back – she’d know the place.
Yet she follows him to the small bistro and sits watching him eat real ham and eggs, glorious local bread, and tasty local beer. The staff know who she is and want to chase her off, but no, she will have a coke, and a straw. She does speak to him, but he hasn’t the language, certainly not this local version, clipped and no doubt full of local slang. But she is remarkably sweet – no doubt little more than a whore already – her personality unspoiled by education, something flowing in her that he sees will actually make her death worthwhile. She’s like a stream of water.
Then it is goodbye. And she is affected more than he is, a strange fondness in her as she repeats some expression to him. Has she seen something in him? Maybe, for the last thing she does is to reach her grubby hand to his cheek and draw it slowly down until it loses purchase at his jaw and falls to her side.
He deliberately doesn’t look back – though he would just love to have a last sight of her sexy little body in its loose blouse and tight denims.
And she does come to him in the night, glowing softly blue in the low light, and he is better prepared now. Even so, the climax reaches back into parts of him he didn’t know existed. And the bliss is such that he says, tremors in his voice:
‘If your music is like this.’
‘It is, my love.’
 
Nabs a table by the window – no need for the scramble, only one old couple at a faraway table otherwise, very cranky with each other. Needs to check where he is. The GPS connects but the map app tells him it has no data. Gets the code for the hotel broadband and waits until the required data is downloaded. Luckily, he can get by clear of the capital and its ring road – the last ring road was a hell he escaped from as soon as he could. Thought he was in the middle of nowhere until he saw a sign that indicated a ferry port. So, today he will drive east and more east, that Russian border still far away from where he is.
Gets the car out, fills the tank, can’t find an open bank so decides to head out anyway. Guess who is waiting at the edge of town, waving intently. It gives him a real lift to see her, then of course he is annoyed. Never thought he was a sucker for this kind of woman: too obvious. Anyway, the fact that he pulls over says enough, yes? Winds the window down, sees she looks even better in daylight, especially as she seems to have cleaned herself up. She speaks her piece, he trying to work out her angle. Then he gets it. Give a sample in the brandy bar, than offer to be the holiday fuck-buddy, no need to trawl resort bars for talent. Probably cheaper too. So he says, just because he needs to resist her:
‘Ich geh’ nach ost.’
Not the best German, but enough he hopes to put her off. Not a bit of it. Big smile, rummage in shoulder bag, produces passport. Probably has shots that will allow her travel anywhere with him in the world. But he looks at the passport anyway: Albertine, could never pronounce the surname, almost nineteen years old: perfectly legal. The photo does her justice, more than can be said for his own:
‘Albertine?’
He is foxing with her, can’t resist the pull. She smiles hugely – his first real communication with her:
‘Bertiné.’
He has to shake his head: she does it so well. But she’s too good to be true, such excellent self-promotion pointing to a lot of experience.
Last thing he does is wave his hand – maybe dismissively, maybe appreciatively, he doesn’t know – though he wants to at least complement her on the overall effect. And he’s not even thinking about fucking her.
He’s gone before he can register her response, part of his heart – his poor impressionable heart – lying back there on the road at her feet.
 
He hits a larger town soon, the banks open now. Signage tells him there is a motorway nearby heading east. The card works in the bank, so he can stock up with another wad of notes, some this time sequestered in his left back pocket and securely buttoned down, the rest folded in with the wad in the right back pocket.
Guess who is out by the car. He is impressed all over again: but how does she know he might be a good customer? He says:
‘How did you manage it?’
She might not understand the words, but she does understand his expression. She points to a large white car parked across the road. He nods. She takes out her phone, obviously tapping up an app and then speaks into it. The phone says:
‘Take me with you.’
He is impressed all over again. He reaches back, unbuttons his right back pocket and takes out some of the notes there and proffers them to her. She shakes her head, suddenly serious – and strangely vulnerable in her seriousness, as though she has now no other resource. She speaks to the phone and the phone says for him:
‘I see heaven in your eyes.’
And it’s then that he realises that whatever about trusting this young woman, he knows now that he doesn’t trust himself. Regardless of his age, he is still just an impressionable kid.
He shakes his head: what else can he do? She nods and then goes around the car to the far door.
 
God, but it is so nice to have her sitting in the car beside him. He glances over to see her sitting quite erect, arms by her side, her shoulder bag – real leather, he notes – resting in her lap. Her pants are some stretch material, coloured bright blue sky, cerulean. He points to her phone and asks:
‘Are you an art student?’
The phone does speak for her, a babble to him. She laughs, very gay of a sudden, speaks to the phone, which tells him:
‘No. I was a bad student.’
The laugh takes him aback, not what he would have expected of the sex doll he met the night before. He points:
‘Your clothes. Not what I would have expected.’
The phone gabbles then she speaks:
‘What did you expect?’
He ducks this:
‘Is this what you usually do?’
Now she does turn towards him in her seat, her knees coming into the periphery of his vision. It’s like she is a volcano spouting hot lava:
‘What do I do?’
‘Take holidays with strange men.’
And this translates as badly as it is in English. But she chooses to understand him:
‘Are you taking a holiday?’
There’s a dart of something cold, suspiciously like the self-pity men use to soften women up:
‘No. I’m driving. Just driving.’
‘Where are you driving to?’
‘The Russian border.’
‘And what will you do there?’
‘I don’t know yet.’
‘Then I will go with you.’
‘Don’t the men pay you for sex? I won’t be having sex with you.’
‘I know.’
 
By the evening he knows why he can be so soft on her: he is safe from her. It’s obvious, once he realises this, but even so he finds it overwhelming to experience this level of fondness. She is by now dozing, still sitting facing him, her head lying back again the seat. It not a protection thing, nor for that matter an ownership thing either. He’s heard stories of people getting up in the morning and finding a stray cat or dog on their doorstep, the animal following them in for some food and never leaving again. He thinks cherishing: how people love pets because they cannot fuck with them, nor the animal do likewise. Not the finest kind of trust, surely, but enough for some people in this kind of world.
He already knows that this young woman will never want again, whether she can trust him in return or not. That’s how it works, you’ve got to give it in order to get it in return.
But he has to give her some kind of choice. He stops the car in a service centre, shakes her awake, and says:
‘I’ll be crossing the river soon. Do you want to get out here? I’ll give you enough to get you home, even enough so you can holiday on your own for a change.’
Yes, that is pure sentiment: the best he can do when he knows he could set her up in a palace for her lifetime. He sees how being able to do something can be such a temptation, leaving you feeling like a fool afterwards.
She unlocks the seatbelt and draws herself closer to him, so that he can feel the heat of her body on the hand that still lies on the gearshift:
‘No. I’ll stay with you to the end.’
The press of her firm breast on his arm should be electric: it’s like he’s looking back at her, the ship he’s on already steaming out to sea.
‘Don’t say you have not been looking for this, Bernard.’
 
At the hotel, they are just another young couple travelling, an overnight bag between them as he books them in. It’s wonderful to walk beside her, sensing her easy stride, how her arm sometimes grazes his. And she is very dutiful, as befits the ambience of the hotel, smiling quietly at the clerk, the porter, moving with a very careful grace. And him: well, he looks as though he has driven all day, looks as though he attends closely to his partner, see how their bodies seem always to draw together: still sexually active with an alluring mate.
They do eat together, eating in silence, drinking the wine that she selects. Her alertness bemuses him: how she seems to see so much without apparently looking, profoundly conscious of her own body and how it affects people. Is he thinking during all this silence? The word craven is not exact here, but it does convey an aspect of his disposition. He is like a goal waiting for a ball to hit its net. Not timorous, more like waiting to see where all this is going. He knows his fantasy-woman is right, but he is stunned that it should happen so easily – well, apparently easy – when asked he would have said it was an impossible search, if only because he wouldn’t know what to look for. Even now, he hasn’t a clue what this young woman is doing in his company, even though it is obvious that she is determined to be his companion.
It’s a double bed. He undresses and gets in naked while she is in the bathroom, lies away from where she will lie, closes his eyes and tries to think into some cold subject. And he finds one.
Miriam had no doubt expected him to take up his father’s trade, as tailor to the rich and powerful in their little country, and so introduce her into a high and mighty life. Rabbiting on with her brother about exposure, frames, focus, the pair delirious over some flower, wasn’t what she wanted of him. Her brother was a middling bureaucratic with an all-consuming hobby, perfect for a life of nine-to-five with a decent pension at the end. She wanted the high life, the kind of young woman who wants to trade on what she considers her beauty: the kind who believes she is worth it. The end was bitter, more so for all the truths that it uncovered. Miriam manages to hook an aspiring line manager, gets him with her hard-sell of perfect image. Once that was secured it was time to dump good old Bernard, already in the slow-lane of what seemed to her a turning back to what they already have. And the truths? Two, at least two for him, Miriam’s truth is probably waiting for her at the end of some line – should she ever want to know. Bernard’s truths, then: one, there is no future already prepared for him; and two, he likes to ride. He’s not what the girls called a sex-mechanic, forcing himself obsessively on unlucky girls. But if she was game, well let’s get to it.
Is this deliberate timing? The woman is there in blue. It’s pitch dark in this hotel room yet she is there as vivid as ever, the shawl as usual slipping from her aroused breasts. He can’t help it: rolling on to his back, his erection hot and tight just like that, the vision of her engorging nipples as though burning through him. Then he ejects in a rush, his body arching, he groaning with the sweet agony of his over-stretched body.
Then the girl is at his side, her thighs locking around his left thigh, she pushing frantically up and down, her cunt wet against the hair on his leg. Then she too comes, forcing her hairy crotch painfully against his now wet skin, panting hoarsely.
And then he understands: he lifts his left arm and wraps it down around her shoulders, draws her into him, his face buried in her hair, he groaning the more now that he has someone to cling to. And then her hand is on his penis, just caressing it as they calm down together, the soft pressure like a balm.
 
Talking through the night afterwards, side by side – not touching – the phone on the pillow between their heads:
‘Maman told me when I was fourteen. Said I needed to know in case I ran wild – that was her word, not mine. I knew something already. Mama seemed a quiet housewife and mother, dressing in traditional black clothes, dutiful, Mass on Sundays and Holy Days. But I could hear her in the night – that’s how I knew what she meant about wild. Papa was a fisherman – he and his two brothers owned a boat. One night asleep on the boat he had what he thought was a dream. Maman called her a demon, but papa said it was a mermaid. He dreamed he fell into the sea and was sinking down to the bottom, when this blue skinned woman came and raised him to the surface again. He told maman all this one night. He said that the mermaid told him that because she had saved him from the deep that she now owned him. After that, she used to come to him in the night – not every night, for that would have killed him – but about once every two weeks. Maman thought it might have to do with the Moon, she believed that demons were ruled by the Moon. Maman was frighten at first by what would happen to papa. She was afraid that he might kill her in what seemed to her to be a mad rage. Papa had to explain to her how the mermaid would come to him in the night, naked and aroused, and he couldn’t stop himself when he saw her like that. It was only when one night papa suddenly grabbed maman and pulled her close to him that she realised what was happening. What she learned was this: no woman could ever arouse a man to the extent that the demons can. But what she also learned – and here papa helped her understand – was that she could have part of his passion. She was very nervous at first. She would just hold him when he grabbed at her in his arousal. Then she began to touch him, and finally one night she climbed onto him, being rocked up and down, feeling his hardness against her. Then there came the night when she managed to sit down on him. She told me that she has never in her life experienced anything like that: to feel that hard and hot rod driving up into her with such a mad urgency was like sitting down into a raging fire. She had never screamed out in her life before, but that night she screamed at the top of her voice, feeling that her entire being was shooting right up among the stars. And so it was for six years afterwards. She said she never tired of the experience and has never found anything like it since papa went away. She told me she had even gone into the city at night, looking for men who might be able to match what papa used to do to her. Never could any man do it. She even let wild angry men beat her, but no use. I had wondered why she always had this haunted expression after papa disappeared. I thought it was because she had loved him. I had heard crying in the night and sometimes seemed to be praying out loud. Yes, she was so desperate that she tried calling on the demons to come to her in the night. She said she would have willingly become a slave of one of them, if only they could move her again like that. What troubled her about me was the fact that I was the product of one of those nights of wild passion. She feared that I might be possessed by the demon, that I might be what she called a cambion, that is a mixture of human and demon. She had watched me closely growing up, looking for demon signs – though she admitted that she didn’t know what they would be like, only that it would be sexual, for that is what the demons wanted most from humans, sexual passion. It troubled her that while she knew I was intelligent and even good-willed, I refuse to learn anything at school and refused to be friends with anyone. I didn’t cause any trouble, I just went my own way. And what she found strangest of all in this was that I seemed to know what I needed to know. I passed every exam at school, always good enough to get by, I could behave properly in every circumstance, polite and considerate, and yet utterly indifferent, though not coldly so. And what she feared most for me, once I became a woman, was what she called my radiance. She cautioned me to see what men do, rather than what they say. And she was right. For many years I could not understand how sex was supposed to work. I knew the facts, about intercourse and semen and babies, but in my experience no boy – and later man – could hold it long enough to enter me. I even tried not touching them, just let them put it in themselves. But no, most of them shot it out in their pants even before they could unzip themselves. You’ve no idea how long I have searched for you. I’ve been in cities at night, by roadsides by day, open to every advance, hoping for the day when some man would remain cold no matter what I did to him. Only with you did that happen. That is why I followed you. I knew what you had and I wanted to be part of that. And I tell you now, and tell you freely, you can do anything you like to me – even treat me like a dog, a slave, anything you want – only let me lie with you at night and share your demon passion.’
 
Then it’s another day of driving east, mountainous country, roads running this way then that way following the terrain, but it’s like there is a compass in his head that points always east, east. He had updated the GPS app again as needed, but it’s proving not much use on the relatively small screen of the phone. So he’s watching the road signage carefully, a series of cities and towns memorised, passing them one by one intended to get him across the hill country edging the high mountains to the south.
By midday he’s feeling a bit crashed, the intense arousals finally getting to him. So he comes off the by-pass at the next town and heads into its centre. Parking is fine, everything here well organised, even a comfortable spot for lunch – indoors – feels he has been outside for weeks now. She wants to pick lunch here too, but he wants comfort food, the bread proving excellent, cold meats and a tasty salad with basil predominating. Tea is a no-no, so he makes do with water, a lot of it.
Not clear at first why people are noticing him, but once he spots the common element he understands. The men have this mixture of sneaking admiration and outright envy that he can handle such a hot number as the woman at his side – with the woman for her part certainly doing her bit to encourage this attitude. She wearing her tight blue pants and a loose red blouse with long sleeves, her dark hair piled in some kind of knot on top of her head. Sees her coming across the café with a tray to their table, the slightest swing of her hips, the slightest jounce of her breasts, her dark eyes locked on him: who wouldn’t want to throw her on the ground and fuck her for the rest of the day, at least? And the women? A mixture, as expected, of wish you’d do that to me and she’s only a scrubber anyway.
There are a lot of shops, so some shopping for clothes is indicated. This comes to be an extremely interesting experience for him. His mother stopped buying him clothes when he was about thirteen – puberty, of course – and he went from sensible jumpers and slacks to sweatshirts and denims and on to cooler hoods and cords. The latter was a curious distinction he only slowly became conscious of when a date remarked what she thought was the rougher texture of his pants – all the guys then into stretch denim, everyone no doubt liking the plastic smoothness. All this came to a point at the first-year bash at college when someone took the trouble to point out that only four people in the place weren’t wearing denim in some mode or other. He didn’t say it, but Michael Faring did: denim was for peasants. What happened then? He might have been knifed elsewhere, but college was civilized, so people just nodded and let it go. Yet this event did lead him to recognise some years later a curious feature of all the social-climbing that was going on around him. First generation is uneducated workers of one kind or another, but who manage to get an education for their children. So the next generation is in suit and tie – the dress of respectability of the previous generation – and they manage to get their children a college education. This third generation has made it, so no need any longer to dress for others. So what do they do? They revert to tradition, to who their people actually are: college-educated workers, and so revert to traditional work-clothes. No harm in that, of course, after all that it was they still are: workers.
But the woman today thinks to buy his clothes. Perhaps what her people have always done, spending your time catching and gutting fish at sea wouldn’t leave much time – or inclination, perhaps – for fashion. She’s enthusiastic about these red trousers, of uncertain composition, overly tight and thin. It’s diplomatic to let her carry them about the shop while he hunts out some decent light wool trousers – of a texture and quality he has not seen back home, looking best in a low green that has a very dark highlight dispersed through it. He has never worn green before, and so wonders at that. No matter. Some cotton shirts, underwear and socks. The jackets attract him, especially one of a fine beige suede, cut as a casual jacket. It is hugely expensive, but so what. The jacket has triggered one of his nicest memories. His father was always a very busy man, good at his trade and blessed with excellent taste. Despite the relative fame and fortune, he remained an honest modest tradesman. Come the final year ball – as they loved to call it – at college, and his father wants to create a special dress-suit for him. He could see himself with his father’s wonderful tailoring among all the mass-produced rentals and knew it just wouldn’t work. So he takes the trouble one Saturday to sit with his dad and discuss the matter. Come the night of the ball – he with some looker called Matilda (really), she in what in fact was a hundred year old heirloom – though the lace no longer bore close inspection – and he wore silver-grey wool slacks and the jacket his father made for him: the absolute finest Moroccan kid leather dyed a low smouldering brown-red, cut as the kind of outdoor jacket that could be worn with everything. Not planned, but it was as though Matilda – whose people incidentally turned out to be the kind of landed folk who now have a hundred acres remaining – and himself were alone at a shindig set up solely for them. They were both extremely polite and friendly, but there was no doubt that all they offered was a big farewell FUCK-YOU. And everyone knew it.
She insists that he come with her when it’s her turn to shop. This is something he has never done before. He does cringe at the sight of the stacks of panties and bras, especially when she begins to seek his opinion. She has the phone, so he can tell her plainly: ‘Don’t be a tart.’ It does work, though he needs constantly to pull her back from excess. He does try to explain in a quiet corner of this over-lit establishment that every woman there already knows who she is and what she is: a good fuck getting fucked good. For a while she does cringe at this idea, but whether she’s disappointed that she can’t parade this fact like some courtesan or glad to know that she doesn’t actually need to work at it, is not clear at first. But he does manage to get her to buy some sensible clothes, explaining that though the season is warm, they will find themselves running down energy and so will need protection to prevent colds and the like. But she does buy one “number”. And he has to admit that it does work, just as a very big fire-cracker would. Black with a curious rich red seam throughout, tight but knee length, body covered to neck and wrists. He nods at the sight of it on her: she has tits to die for, no question.
 
Another town at the end of a long day driving. Again they are this close young couple just passing through on the way to somewhere, signing in, flashing the card, no questions. She wants to wear the black number for dinner, but he quashes the idea pretty thoroughly:
‘You might get away with flashing it in the middle of the day in a shop, but here you could get us both hurt, even attract the attention of the authorities. Just go on being the nice young sexy woman with an adequate partner, rather than a young whore in the market with her pimp. The sooner you get a real idea of what’s going on here the better for both of us.’
So there they are in the hotel restaurant, he in cords and casual shirt, she is her blue pants and a plain white blouse, hair tidy on her shoulders, eyes only for each other. There’s a good crowd here for some reason, the bar even crowded – mostly men it is true, but steady, soft-spoken older men drinking spirits. A glance or two, no more, married men here tonight: a pilgrimage crowd it seems, wives already in bed, their husbands with a thirty-minute down time at most.
They are less discreet with each other back in the room. Undressing in plain sight, lights still on. He is curious – he even admits this to himself – wanting to see what her breasts, especially, are like. And he is not disappointed, as firm as they ought to be on a teenager, the nipples like dugs, the aureoles dark and very firm looking. He asks and she lets him touch her breasts, pinching the nipples lightly to feel their firmness. He even says, as an expression of his appreciation as a man:
‘I envy the infants that get to suckle you.’
She wants to invite him – he even senses the movement in her – to suckle, but realising at the same time that he is simply not moved by her in any way, no matter even what tricks she might try. He watches this play of hers, though, how her eyes give her away every time: how she still wants to get him under her control, wetting himself with the mere sight of her. And when she sees him naked, his so-average flaccid dick hanging there out over his balls, almost lost in the hair, she wonders at the miracle that he can wrought in her. No man has even moved her, much less brought her on the whole way. Even the thought just now gets to her, such that she does reach and grasp his short dick in her right hand, looking at it intently where it lies in her open palm. Yet there is something here even so, she feels, and it moves her to drop to her knees and take his dick into her mouth. No, she’s not trying to work a number here: she just likes the warm feel of it in her mouth – never having a man’s penis in her mouth before. She looks up at him from where she kneels, her mouth shaped around his still flaccid member with such a peaceful expression, that he on impulse says:
‘You could get to like that, yes?’
It’s something he has been told many times: once you get a dick in your mouth you will always want it there. Even a guy told him once, stoned at a party, that he couldn’t resist dick now, even though he still considers himself hetero. Said it happened back at school, a gang of them together, no girls, so pull you own, pull someone else, or suck someone. He sucked – out of curiosity. Now he has a steady girlfriend and two guys he sucked, both hetero, one in fact married with two children. And yes, they suck him in return. He thinks now that there was an invitation in the offing. That he didn’t twig that at the time simply tells him that it wasn’t something he would ever think to do. Not only would it have made him a hostage to the future, but he is in any case ultimately a lazy lover: letting a hard dick do all the work for him.
Then it is to bed, lying naked side by side, no cover, the night being warm. They wait in silence, just wait. And when the fantasy-woman comes, they both know it simultaneously. She moves to his side, his left arm going around her shoulders, her firm nipples pressing into his chest, her left hand hovering indecisively.
The shawl is slipping, slipping, the nipples engorging and engorging, swelling out towards him in an unreal way. And then it hits him, his dick swelling so rapidly, her hovering hand feeling the heat at once. She touches it and that’s it: her body arches along with his, both with the same groaning sigh, and his right hand reaches over to pull her body closer, pulling it onto his own. And while his left arm pulls her closer and closer, his right hand searches for her breast, grips it tightly, the firm dug pressing up into the space between his long and ring fingers. She jerks with the sudden pain, but already her wet cunt is trembling against his thigh, the orgasm cutting up through her. And it is so hot that she presses her breasts in against him as tightly as she can, encouraging his right hand to squeeze and squeeze her breast. And then she feels the warm sperm on her left hand, feeling intently how it cools as it slides across the back of her hand. Then something snaps in her and she drives her bared teeth into his neck, biting down there, pressing and pressing for more pain, more agony, feeling all the while that she cannot quite fill the space his arousal makes available to her.
She rolls away from him, finding that she is crying. Maybe she feels inadequate, but he reaches for her again and pulls what is for him her light bulk over until she lies on top of him. His two arms about her, he squeezes her in against him. And when she panics – unable now to breath – and pulls her head back, he just smiles at her and hits her repeatedly on her rump. She threshes but no use: he is stronger than her. Then as suddenly as it all began, he relaxes completely, pulls his arms away from her, then uses his right hand to tip her off him so that she rolls away onto her back.
 
They talk into the night:
‘Your father called her a mermaid, which does make sense in the context. And for me she appeared one morning standing on a rock by an ocean. So I regard her as a siren: you know the ancient legend, combing their hair on the Rock of Ages – her words – drawing sailors to their peril. She told me that because of some development in us we can survive the encounter with them without dying. Now, I’m just repeating here what she told me, so it’s not a question of believing any of this. Oh, and she could work that sex thing on me from the start. Really shocked me the first time – I was having my breakfast and she standing on the other side of the kitchen. Anyway, I see it as a fantasy thing. I was very stoned the night before I encountered – I won’t say met as it implies a degree of reality. And this idea is reinforced by her claim that I do control her in some way. I tried at first to get her to dress herself – I mean, I was popping off just like that every time I saw her – but she insisted that how she looked was under my control. Now, telling you this for what it’s worth, she has a shawl over her shoulders, under which I always see her breasts lurking. Strange this, but it is only her breasts that interest me. No, I did see her entirely naked one time and looked down her body, but the only thing that struck me there was that she was completely hairless, except for her long brown hair, that is. Her – not sure what word to use – fanny doesn’t interest me at all. In fact, it repulses me for some reason. Now, I may have an explanation for that – if you will bear with me here. Remembering now, she has told me a lot, much of it of course I don’t really understand. But let me give you an idea. She cannot see me, only knows me by the kind of colours she senses in some way. She told me that I like red but am afraid of blue, that’s an example of what she tells me. I don’t remember telling you this, but I did study art at college and produced some work, one of which, at least, made me some money. Hey, but that is another story. She also told me that she likes what I experience as sex. She says she hears music when I peak, and beautiful music she says. And I do believe something of that. You see, don’t you? These fantasy-women exist at another level from us, that goes for you father’s mermaid as much as for my siren. That explains why their experiences with us differ so much. Now she does recognise that whatever the force is between us, that it operates in me at the level of sex. She says this will continue until it is exhausted – that is her word, by the way. Exhausted. And, no, I don’t know what she means by that. One last thing that I remember here. She told me that we were joined in some way. She called it Eros, you know the term I assume, erotic? Yes, well that. Seems for her it is more fundamental that what we would call sex, like it exists before we become sexual, that it even goes all the way back to whatever origin we have. I’m not sure what the point of all this is for her now. Does she simply want to have some kind of music-sex relation with me? Maybe just that. But this part is strange. I will tell you this now. Once the fantasy-woman and I got started, I came very quickly to really ache to hold her. Not much fun jerking off on your own with the woman unreachable though in plain sight. So enter you. Strange enough that you do suit my peculiar situation. Stranger still is how you were in effect prepared for this relationship. You’ve told me that your mother fears that there is a demon element in you. I don’t know about that, but tonight I think we should give some thought to that possibility. I’ve come to like you, Bertiné, so I don’t want you to come to any harm. Tomorrow I will give you some money to stash away in your bag, so that if you just want to clear off you’ll have enough to help you get away. But, as I have said, we need to watch out for extremes here. I mean, what I’ve been told by my fantasy-woman might be lies. There might be – as your mother has believed – something much more sinister going on here.’
Silence for a while. He can feel that she is tremoring on the bed, and has been for a while. Then she rolls towards him and whispers – the phone of course relaying at its usual volume:
‘I’ve already told you, beloved. Do what you like with me. You can even kill me, if you find that necessary.’
 
They’re like the walking wounded at breakfast next morning. His wound is obvious, good old-fashioned love-bite, hers evident in her winces as the light blouse grazes the sensitive breast. The pilgrimage crowd seem hyper-aware of their condition, mostly admiring glances thrown their way – young lovers getting on with the lovin’ – no doubt taking many of them back to their own prime.
They’re over by a window so he can check the coming day’s route with the GPS app. Seems they are near the edge of their present country, so he determines they will need to stop for coffee by early morning. Otherwise they are quiet together, and even quiet in themselves. He is surprised to recognise the sense of companionship their mutual silence creates. He sees how her eyes don’t look, even as she works her way through the breakfast, a kind of veil that renders her eyes more gentle than he has ever seen. Even her hands move in a new way, not the fast accurate shifts he has grown used to – how she seemed always to be clearing some space about her being, not just her body – now a flow in her movements, more like a fish in a slow river than the feeding hawk more usual with her. It prompts a curious thought: is this what death is like for her? And then the fish image comes back, seeing her on her back, legs apart, her cunt as though open all the way to her mouth.
 
The first town in the new country is much like the last town in the last country and he finds a café with broadband with no trouble. So he can check their route over coffee and a heavy pastry. Sees that the banks are open, which allows him carry out the plan he had made the previous night. Back in the car then he can hand her a thick envelope and say:
‘Stash this in the bottom of your bag. Just in case we get separated or you want to split. No, that’s it. Enough there to get you home and tide you over for a while.’
And she can stash the envelope. Sees her digging down through everything to pull something, then shoving the envelope down with her other hand, closing that something again, and that’s that. But now she takes another envelope from her bag and gives it to him, explaining:
‘If anything happens to me, post this to my mother. Just needs a stamp. No. It’s a suicide note. It’s convincing. So if there is an accident or you find you need to kill me, this letter will cover you.’
This may not be love as we usually understand the word, but it is certainly consideration – probably as good under present conditions.
 
Night comes, as it always does if you wait long enough. He suggests she lie on the other side of him tonight – his right side. But she won’t have that, insists she needs to be on his heart-side. Part of him is utterly indifferent to the situation: her right breast obviously badly bruised and she willing to suffer more that night. But another part of him – the underlying boy, if you like, who used to apologise if he disturbed feeding birds in the back garden – is reluctant to see further pain inflicted on this woman. And he tries to think into why this is happening – why, that is, pain must be involved. He then remembers himself crushing her body into his, how her head reared up as she tried to breath. Why did he do that? Then the word: inadequacy. Not a word he like to thinks just now, inadequacy next door to words like impotence and feeble.
He is surprised how the fear darts in him as the thought strikes him: he might not be up to what the fantasy-woman wants of him. There is a kind of death in there that really frightens him. Where would he be then, whether dead or alive?
And the night is quiet and warm, they lying side by side on the bed, again with no cover. A tension develops between them as they feel the town around them quieten for the night, until they feel they are waiting in somewhere like limbo. She does manage to slide herself over closer to him as unobtrusively as possible. He’s not aware of this until he feels her warm hand encircle his flaccid penis as it rests on his balls, careful lifting it up into an embrace without pulling any hair. Then her forearm heats up against the flesh of his hip and he feels her breast nod against his arm. No arousal, nothing. But he hears her breathing deepen, not arousal, as such, more like a relaxation in her, she just holding his dick in a loose embrace and her so-sensitive breast grazing his arm.
Then, quite suddenly, it is obvious that the fantasy-woman is not coming this night. There should be anti-climax, but instead he finds himself saying, the phone on the pillow between them relaying:
‘We do have to consider the possibility of our inadequacy. I’m willing to admit to experiencing this last night, and I suggest that your reactions towards the end demonstrate that you experience the same kind of frustration. I allow that there is no point trying to establish any rules here. Passion is passion, especially the way we are experiencing it. So we must start by recognising our situation. As I explained last night, this being I call the fantasy-woman came to me because I called out for someone like her. There are two points here that I want to clarify. The siren – let me call her that for now – says that she and I are united like one being that was divided in two for some reason. This means that she has always been present in my life in some way, though I have no memory of anything like this. Now she told me that it was a flower I painted back when I was about eighteen – another story – that drew her to come out to me. And then it was my plea – one night when I was very stoned – that brought her into view, as it were. Now I know nothing of what kind of mechanism worked here. If I called out for someone to love me, I didn’t mean to be loved in this way by a fantasy-woman, no matter how she describes her relation to me. I surely meant I wanted the love of some woman. I had been very hurt back in my teens and I’d say I lost confidence in the idea of love – that it could be trusted, I mean – but even so found myself in my mid-twenties desperate for the kind of love I thought I’d had with Miriam – that’s the girl that let me down. You see, the fundamental problem with this fantasy-woman experience is that I don’t believe it. You see, it’s not a question of trust, as such, I simply do not believe that this siren woman – no matter how sexy she seems – is real. And this brings me to my second point. The siren woman insists that she is naked because I want her naked. This implies that I actually create not only the fantasy-woman, but also the strong sexual effect she has on me. This means that I create my own sexual passion, but do it indirectly for some reason, probably some kind of sexual hang-up left over from my childhood. Can you see all that? And what about your father, then? Was that the same kind of hang-up? Was that the only way he could have satisfying sex with your mother? That might be argued, but how do we explain your mother’s search after he disappeared – as you called it – not that she went looking for the same satisfaction with another man – not unusual – but that she never found it. That’s what sticks in my mind. I mean, could some sort of male sexual hang-up lead to a kind of fantasy arousal beyond what any woman could generate in a man? That is just weird. In some ways it is more unbelievable than the idea of an actual fantasy-woman, not real in the ordinary sense, yet real in some other way, who can by some means way beyond what we could achieve create a sexual passion that may in fact be too powerful for us mere humans. Worth thinking about. Need to think about it really, if only because it could damage us, and damage us to no useful end for anybody. You have to believe this: I don’t want to hurt you in any way, and I most certainly don’t want to kill you. You are a kind decent woman in yourself, regardless how you appear to outsiders, and I never want to damage that part of you.’
Wakes up in the morning with his left arm around her shoulders. Her head is nestled in the cruck between his shoulder and head, her hair resting against his cheek – a curiously intimate experience. She is still holding his still-flaccid penis and her right breast now rests on his heart.
 
There is this about long journeys, how the days begin to merge, especially if there is sameness about all the difference. It’s probably because he has thought himself out to an edge that he’s paying so much attention to his surroundings today. What happens if you can think your way through rationally to the fantastical? Does that mean that the fantasy is real after all? For himself, he can explain his situation away: so rich now that he can live in cloud-cuckoo land without coming up against the inconvenience of mundane reality. But an ordinary respectable wife driven to the pits of self-abasement in order to relive a real experience – and searching without success, moreover? In any other circumstance he would set up a strategy to test the situation he is in – himself and the woman sitting in the car beside him, also studying the passing countryside as though she might find a clue there. But how do you test an overwhelming passion? All they will ever have is the aftermath, for good or for ill.
It’s in the afternoon that he realises that they will not manage to bypass the major city ahead, especially as he cannot decide whether to bypass to the north or the south. This bring them to a halt in a large village still outside the influence of that city. The hotel is modest, the staff that bit more curious in their relative innocence, but the card – as always – speaks for itself. He sits on the bed looking at his feet, the weariness due mainly to the unexpected halt, like he’s stepped off the conveyor belt. It is she who moves them forward, coming out of the bathroom wearing a light dress he has never seen before, even a pair of court shoes that do complement her slender legs. The dress is yellow, and the effect against her dark hair and eyes is striking, so much so that he says on impulse:
‘I could paint you, you know. Just to catch that tone.’
She gives him her phone. It’s only then that he realises that he has never actually taken a photograph in his life, such being the ideology of his art teachers. But the image is not good, the light poor and too angled in the room. She suggests that he change and that they find some spot in the open. So he puts on the wool pants he recently bought and the only traditional style shirt – collar and buttons all down the front – that he has. Not great together, but good enough for an early summer’s evening.
And it is a pleasant little village, the church with a soft-toned bell, a little green that leads onto the bank of a small river that flows smoothly between grassy banks. The light is better here, much better, and he concentrates on getting the balance of tones right. She is perfectly obedient to him, standing here this way and then over there with one arm raised – to sample skin tone. He’s trying to remember Miriam’s brother’s comments on his own photographs: how light is best at right-angles – unless of course you are aiming for special light effects. The afternoon light here is mellow – too round for studio quality shooting – but all the time he is trying to bring out the yellow. And then he quite suddenly gets it. The trick is using light reflected off the river surface, a coolness there that balances the rich sunlight.
She comes to stand by him to see what he has managed to study, nodding as he flips image after image. She surprises him by suddenly starting at an image, a sound escaping from her. She looks up at him, her eyes glowing, the light playing across her faintly olive skin, her lips suddenly attractive.
He kisses her.
She steps back, shakes her head, puzzled. Then she is astonished:
‘No one has ever kissed me before.’
There is something hurting in him, how someone might suddenly miss a lost arm or leg. Then he is frightened, sensing that some unspoken rule has been broken, like he has turned off onto a forbidden track. And she knows this too: see her there: arms hanging by her sides, the yellow dress like a joke on a woman that no man can touch. She says, quite forthright:
‘You’ll never love me.’
He nods, his regret much less than hers – if only through experience – yet realising what she means here: that they came in through the wrong door. The one marked sex, not regard.
‘No one can love me. That is the price I pay.’
 
How far apart can you be lying side by side naked, waiting for the fantasy-woman to bring a ration of passion? Very far apart indeed. It’s so warm this evening that he can feel the heat of her body, even feel her pulse through the firm mattress they lie on. He is thinking about love and what is meant by the word. He looks at it in terms of outcome: a man and woman married and living together unto death separates them. Fine. That is how he saw his future with Miriam, though he never thought once of the word love. He was simply prepared to live the life his parents had lived, and he had assumed that Miriam was doing the same: living the life of her parents. But no man could envisage such a life with the woman lying by his side. She has admitted as much herself: what she has sought was a specific kind of sexual passion, nothing else. But how has he come to this pass, an otherwise conventional young man perfectly capable of settling down to a traditional marriage with children, the family home easily able to accommodate another couple while his parents still lived? He can see how the failure of his life-plan with Miriam threw him out almost completely. Yet his interest in sex was simply a man-woman thing, something of a leisure activity, not the kind of life achievement the woman here seems to want. And yet the fantasy-woman has called him…
She’s in the room, electric in blue tonight, the shawl firmly about her shoulders. He hears:
‘Love has no beginning, beloved, and it has no ending.’
He tenses, knowing he is too conscious by now of what to expect. And yet the passion is there in him like it has never happened before. He watches it come into him, like there is a back-door, a valve that lets this magic fluid flow in him. He cries out, the fire like a rod along his spine shooting out in front of him a great distance. The he is lost in the glorious haze, gold here among the red flames, and he can see something far off, like a pearl, glowing softly – then there is sound, so far away. He cries, so far away that he is inconsolable.
The woman is standing with her back to the wall, as far from the bed as she can get in the room, her arms splayed out at her sides, pressing back against the wall so that her knuckles are white. She is licking her lips repeatable, her tongue shooting from side to side, over and over. He just lies there on his back, head turned to see her. His body feels like a roadway, an empty tube, like a path that crosses moors of a dark evening. The images are confusing and he knows they are confusing. But it is so simple, really so simple. He knows now what must be done, the place he must struggle to reach. The woman speaks in a low frightened voice, the phone of course coldly relaying her:
‘What did I do?’
He cannot see her clearly in the subdued light in the room, so he signals her to come closer. The bruising is evident already. He asks:
‘What did you do?’
‘My mouth. I thought.’
Now he feels the pain in his legs, muscles in his thighs especially pulled too tight. But that can’t explain all the bruising, her neck and shoulders, perhaps, but not on her arms or thighs.
‘What happened?’
‘You don’t know?’
He shakes his head.
‘I bent across you to take you in my mouth and you caught me with your legs around my head and neck and pinned me down, then your arms wrapped around my waist and hips. I couldn’t breathe at all, couldn’t move. And you forced your penis right into my throat and wouldn’t let me go.’
She sinks to her knees at the side of the bed, elbows resting on the mattress. Now this look of astonishment floods her face, lighting up her eyes:
‘And when you came. I thought I was going to die. My heart stopped beating, everything in me just stopped and all I felt was your warm sperm shooting right down inside my chest.’
Now she reaches her right hand across towards him and says with an uncharacteristic fierceness:
‘Pray to God that you do that to me again. Do it to me for ever, you hear. Just fuck me anyway you want, that’s all.’
No wonder his penis feels as though a dog has been chewing it. Even so, he has the presence of mind to reach to her proffered hand and draw her up onto the bed beside him. She immediately snuggles in against him, head once more against his cheek, breast at his heart. He is relieved and begins:
‘Look, I didn’t know what…’
She lays a finger on his lips, raising her head to looks directly at him:
‘No. Not anyone’s fault. This is how it is once it starts. I saw my mother with worse injuries, saw her once hurrying to wash bloodstained sheets. I don’t want to seem a victim, but the woman is the receiver, always. Women who don’t want the pain can protest for rights, but they must also allow other woman undergo this strange and wonderful experience. That the woman suffers in her body doesn’t mean that the man is a sadist. This passion is so powerful. What you said yourself: it is so powerful that there is the danger that we may prove inadequate to it. I think that is a greater danger than what we did tonight. In inadequacy there can be cruelty and violence. So I have vowed to strive to be adequate. To do this I must be open and passive. I must allow your passion full expression on my body, no matter the pain and injury. Have I not already allowed that you might kill me? Yes, and if I die then I have done what I can to exonerate you. I know that no court of law could ever exonerate you, no law could be framed to permit what we do. How could it be framed? How could demons or fantasy beings be made subject to human law? Very well then, let me say this again and say it as clearly as I can: you may do to me in your passion what you need to do in order to express what your passion conveys. What do I mean by this? Let me tell you, beloved, what I experienced tonight as a way of explaining myself. As I have told you, only your penis has ever been in my mouth. Allow that was the first stage of preparation, so that my mouth had the shape of your member. Then today – while I was dressed in a colour I felt was significant, but without knowing what that significance is – you kissed me on the lips, the first person – and not just the first man – to have done so. That was the second stage of preparation. Only now, speaking to you about my experience tonight, do I see this process. It is like a ritual, yes? Very well. When our passion began, my first impulse was to once again hold your penis as it hardened – a wonderful unique experience, I assure you – but it was as though someone pulled me up on the bed and thrust my mouth down onto your body. There was a light in me – a yellow light, very bright and glaring – that rendered me as though blind. It was my hands that guided my mouth. And then when I at last took your engorging penis in my mouth, I felt the strong impulse to scramble up onto my knees and then to lie out along your body, so that my head was thrust down right in between your thighs. Your penis is so long when full, and so hard that it gouged my throat. I couldn’t breathe at first, but then I learned suddenly how to expand my throat sideways in little thrusts, drawing a small amount of air at the same time. And then your legs wrapped about my head and squeezed my face down into your hair. Then your arms caught me about so tightly that I could not move at all. I was for an instant absolutely terrified. I might say easily that you may kill me, but the threat of death is nonetheless so frightening in a fundamental way. But then my fear passed and the yellow light seemed to ease. I was hardly aware of your penis driving into my throat, or of how I could still breathe in some way at the same time. Then you began to drive into me at the peak of the passion. I could feel the spittle build up in my throat and mouth, it flowing out and down onto you. But my body, oh how it opened. Like a long tunnel running all the way down my body. Your tight embrace did not affect my vagina in any way, no real excitation there, but yet it felt wide open, like a roadway. And then when you ejaculated, what seemed a bright yellow flame surged down my body and shot out of my vagina. That is how it felt. The vision of the yellow flame was in my imagination – that I admit – but then that flame seemed to light a strange chamber. It wasn’t large, but every part of its surface – walls, ceiling, floor – was decorated with golden symbols, like embossments of a kind, some abstract, others of fantastical animal creatures. And there was a stone slab in the centre on which was laid a brilliant red cloth. And I knew in my heart that I could go there someday and lie out on that red cloth. And then it was gone and your passion was at an end.’
Silence. His arm is about her shoulders and he draws her close to him, no pressure, just close enough for comfort. And as they lay there in the low light, he feels her left hand caress his body all over, she reaching every part she could. For his part, he was afraid to touch her, for the moment she seems almost holy to him. Holy in the way a sacrificial victim would be.
His only thought: I’m not up to this.
 
He decides to bypass the big city on the south side. Driving through the hill country is demanding, though the roads are good. Then he hits the commuter towns to the south of the city and must spend much of the day negotiating ring-roads and busy arterials. Demanding work when he really is not up to the job, head too full of revelations. Yet he thinks as he drives – cursing freely as a kind of release for his frustration, though knowing the route was wholly his choice – seeing an abstract interplay of his and her visions in the night. He wouldn’t admit this, but his own vision – especially of what he saw as a pearl – has a kind of familiarity to it. Familiar in the way that an image he thought to paint would be. How – now that he thinks of it – the blue flower he achieved was in some way already there, so that he only had to bring it out into the open. This line of thought he finds both intimate – as though part of him – and at the same time vaguely threatening, as though the edge of the kind of insanity he might accept as normal. But her vision does disturb him. So clear that he wonders if it was just her imagination, perhaps a memory of a picture she had seen as a child, or maybe a place in some museum where she grew up. And her acceptance of what she seemed to think it meant disturbs him most.
It so happens that they are clear of all the conurbations when he reaches this point in his thought and finds himself suddenly asking her:
‘Is someone missing in that vision of yours last night?’
He’s thinks someone to sacrifice her on that red – blood – cloth: that is, himself. But she says, looking out the window at the surrounding forest:
‘Oh no. He hasn’t come yet.’
The hotel tonight might be in a resort area, with forest to the west and a wide lake to the east, the way their room faces. She has worn the yellow dress again this evening at dinner, at his suggestion, and they are both strongly taken with the symbolism. The difference now is that they both feel that they are on a mission, a shared experience though exclusively personal for each of them. The bruising is evident on her neck, but no one seems to notice in the crowded restaurant – perhaps acceptable hereabouts with young lovers. He is vividly aware of her body tonight, and when he remarks this fact to her, she readily admits that she can only see his gonads as they eat their meal. They need to be discreet, even at low volume, the phone’s metallic voice does carry. So they fall silent with this shared understanding: how yellow tells them both what is in store. It’s not a matter of sex, not even of eroticism – given his condition – more like following instructions to prepare for a ceremony.
They are pent up back in the room – both mildly intoxicated – and it is only when they try to express what seems to be driving them that the anti-climax hits them. He finds it strange to look at this sexually available woman, so attractive in her bright yellow dress – the flow of her hips, the swell of her breasts, the slenderness of her limbs – and feel absolutely nothing. It is somewhat different for her – she is not handicapped in the way he is – and the thought of his swollen penis engorged in her mouth does haunt her. But the question facing her is this: what does sex, as such, mount to in reality? She sees something that does surprise her: sex in a way is a bridge – it allows people to get from here across to somewhere else. She’s seen them Saturday nights – she looking for the unmoved man she needs – how sex will get people across the weekend from one working week to the next working week. It’s as simple as that. She can even remember her father – before the mermaid came – home from the sea and looking only to have sex with his wife. She had thought this was sex starvation – a week at sea – but she remembers him afterwards how bright and forward-looking he seemed. She can imagine now the farmer in his field coming home to bed with his wife and then getting up the next morning and going back to his labour in the field.
This she now understands: sex is not a bridge here. It’s more like a point of departure. She looks across at him, standing looking out the window at the dusk, light from the lake reflected in his face. He is going somewhere, she now understands, and I cannot go with him.
She undresses, laying the dress carefully over the back of a chair. She looks down at herself. Only now does she remark her own beauty, how the curves of her body fit together so well. She has never thought this way about herself before, seeing her body more as a tool to be used in the service of – not pleasure, as such, more like reaching out into another place, pain and damage ensuing. But now she does see that she is beautiful, and in seeing this sees also how like a door her body is, reaching out towards that so-familiar chamber, the being approaching also familiar. She understands now why she is so willing to die.
She goes and lies out on the bed and says to him:
‘Will you do me a favour?’
He too has been thinking, watching the evening draw the pale light from the lake below. His thought is much simpler. He can see now how the whole apparatus of the body is really like a blockage on a road. Why can’t we just throw off carnality like that? The answer comes immediately to him: like jumping into an ocean. You need someone on the other side, as it were.
He’s very satisfied with this line of thought.
He sees the woman on her back on the bed, legs wide open, the dark fur between her legs.
‘Anything.’
‘Will you kiss me again?’
As he approaches she raises and bends her legs, the fingers of her left hand drawing the thick bush apart to expose her labia, which shines very pink against the dark hair. He balks, completely taken aback. She’s surprised at this response:
‘Haven’t you done this before?’
‘Once. I didn’t like it. I suspect I didn’t really know what to do at the time. But I never cared much for what they call foreplay. No one foreplays good food or drink, do they?’
She laughs at the idea:
‘But just kiss me, that’s all. It’s not foreplay.’
He feels he should undress first – it seems somewhat clinical to do it fully dressed. He gets onto the bed and kneels before her, between her upraised knees. When he pauses again, she says, very gently – though not evident over the phone:
‘I washed myself.’
‘Oh no, it’s not that. I don’t want to seem cold with you, but can I look at your clitoris? I’m really curious about it.’
‘Of course. Take your time.’
He places his hands flat in between her thighs and leans down and kisses the pink flesh. It is smooth, even slick smooth, but it is its warmth that affects him, he then seeing how her sex is actually so much a part of her. This does affect him, not sexual, more a kind of fondness. He looks up and says spontaneously:
‘Your vagina is very friendly.’
He sees her colour with pleasure:
‘That is such a kind thing for you to say.’
He bends and kisses her again, pressing his lips in against her lips, her thighs tensing and coming to press against his head:
‘No one has ever done that to me before. I didn’t know it could be so pleasant. Thank you for letting me see that.’
When she relaxes her thighs, he looks up at her to ask:
‘Can I do it now? I’ll kiss you again, kiss you as often as you like.’
Her smile is very warm, rendering her expression unusually relaxed. She nods.
Crouched now, he uses his fingers to lift the cowl and search inside until he encounters the organ. He doesn’t know what he is doing, of course, but he does manage to grasp what he can see there between his forefinger and thumb. He looks up at her:
‘Can you feel that? I don’t know what to do otherwise.’
She is looking at him looking at her. So he sits up and says:
‘Google for it, will you. I tell you what, though, your clitoris reminds me of the sex organ of male fishes. That’s hidden within a sheath too. It doesn’t get very extended – like animal penises – it just peeks out and squirts its seed over the eggs the female fish has laid in the water. I was always struck by the similarity, you know. And the other thing, too, is the fact that women do have a penis of a sort. How did that come about? What it suggests to me is that the woman is in some way derived from the man.’
She looks up from the phone:
‘Yes. It says here that it will become erect if you stimulate it. The whole of the labia seems to be part of the clitoris. Will you try that and see what happens?’
Down he goes again, noticing at once a new odour in the vicinity of her vagina, even the glint of moisture on the smooth flesh. He finds the clitoris again and gently rolls it between his finger and thumb. The odour is stronger now – not pleasant but strangely exciting the way the smell of burning rubber is to him – and he can now feel an increasing warmth against the back of his hand. He hears her sighs and then gasp:
‘Oh yes. Do that. Please.’
He feels the clitoris harden and swell between his fingers, not a lot but nonetheless a very pleasant experience to feel so directly. Then her hand grips his wrist and pulls his hand away. He looks up, startled:
‘Why? It’s working..’
‘No. Can’t do that. It’s false.’
He sits up and faces her:
‘You’ve done that to yourself surely? Everyone masturbates.’
‘No. Not like that. No. Please come and lie with me now.’
He has never seen her so open, so vulnerable, but he does obey her, absently rubbing his moist thumb and finger together, curious to smell them but not wishing to upset her.
‘But you have done it, haven’t you.’
‘Oh yes. Many times, you’ve no idea. I had to get control of myself when I was sixteen. I was doing it so often that my body came to be so tired and old. I didn’t like that. But I never saw it in terms of erection or anything like that. I would rub myself, either with my fingers or against something until I came. That was all.’
‘So why not now? I’m glad to do it for you. I mean, you are prepared to do so much for me.’
‘It might seem like a superstition to you, but I think we offend whatever or whoever is leading us. We must remain pure and chaste so that we are properly prepared for the passion.’
Now she sits up and straddles his body, telling him:
‘Will you raise your legs so I can lean back against them?’
He does so without thought, seeing her crouched back against them and lowering her body down onto his groin. He realises what she is doing and calls out:
‘No. You can’t do that deliberately…’
She is in the room, over by the window, the shawl about her shoulders, though her full breasts can still peek out at him.
 
He has to lift her up from the floor. She’s totally limp in his arms, heavy but not so heavy that he can’t shunt her over onto the bed, though the drop there is a bit rough. The reason for his imprecision here – usually more careful than that – is that hair is caught in his penis in some way. Dried blood and sperm. A glance shows him blood on her thighs, splatters, not a lot. And there’s some blood on the sheet, again just drops as though sprayed there. She groans, right hand going down to her vagina, pressing there. She opens her eyes, looks for him and then says:
‘I forgot I was a virgin. Sorry.’
He wants to do something, but stops long enough to ask her:
‘How could you forget that?’
She’s wincing, having touched a tender spot inside her vagina:
‘I didn’t expect it to be like this.’
He’s gone to the bathroom – hearing her voice receding as he hurries – getting tissue and running it under the cold tap. Back at her side he says:
‘What other way did you expect it to be?’
He bends over her, drawing her fingers away, and sets to cleaning off the dried blood and semen that coats the lips. She winces once, tensing her thighs. There are lacerations, mostly likely caused by the tender skin there being pinched as his erect penis was driven into her – with some force, it would seem. He says:
‘Relax now. I’m going to check the passage.’
It’s not a lesion, more bruising as again the flesh was creased and crushed. There is some blood here and what looks like a slightly soiled oil, all of which he wipes away.
‘Is that better?’
She nods, then catches sight of his condition and reaches to grasp his now-flaccid penis:
‘There’s blood there too.’
‘No. I think it is yours. I’ll wash myself.’
She calls after him:
‘Don’t shower. Not yet.’
He’s wrong. The foreskin is also lacerated and bruised, in some ways more severely than her vagina. He says to her as he comes back into the room:
‘You were too dry.’
She nods. Then she smiles a very strange smile, victorious yet utterly bemused with herself:
‘I’m not a virgin anymore.’
He goes around to the other side of the bed and lies out beside her:
‘I know what that’s like. I was sore afterwards. We didn’t really know what we were doing. I thought she was experienced, and now I think she thought that I was. She was dry and I just pushed it in. She said afterwards that it hurt but that she said nothing at the time because she had been told that it would.’
‘I never really thought about it. Maybe when I was younger, sort of romantic but no details. Just kisses and hugs and then.’
‘Not like tonight?’
She laughs out. He feels the vibration through the mattress, realising that he had never heard her laugh before. He says, suddenly fond, as though they were meeting again after a long separation:
‘You have a jolly laugh.’
She rolls on her side to face him:
‘It is because I am happy with you.’
And her dark eyes do sparkle, her lips so mobile that he turns and kisses her. She blinks in the low light and he sees what she sees: that they have completed some task or ceremony. He rolls away again, suddenly saddened, knowing now how much he likes her, liking her courage and capacity for commitment. He says to the ceiling, though the phone relays it at her right ear:
‘I cannot remember anything of tonight. Absolutely nothing.’
He feels her rolling onto her back. Her voice is distant for some reason, though again the phone is at his ear, his left one:
‘The light was red this time. There was what I thought at first was a big bird, like an eagle. It was swooping down towards me from a grey sky. But as it got closer I saw that it was a dragon, a red dragon. And as it came close, I heard a voice tell me that I must go with it. I knew I didn’t want to go, but it told me that there was nothing in this life for me, that I would be better off going now. Still I said I would not go. Then it said this – and it was very clear to me – it said that I had earned reprieve in my next life. It said that I could get no more out of this life than that, what he then called the power of restitution. Then everything went dark, until I felt you lifting me from the floor.’
They are both silent for a while. The night about them is quiet. Then the thought comes to him, so obvious when it comes, so disturbing for him. He gets up from the bed and goes to the window. The moon is waning, high in the sky, the lake surface milky, glistening in what must be a light wind. He says from where he is standing:
‘Do you know what that means?’
She replies immediately:
‘That I will be like you?’
He nods to the very faint reflection of himself and the rest of the room in the window. Her body has a burnished quality: for an indulgent instant he wishes that someone like him could be loving-close to someone like her, without the grinding of personalities and disparate drives. He says, with what he feels is a risky candour:
‘I wish I could love you.’
And she says immediately, raising her head to look across at his back:
‘And I wish I could love you.’
He goes back to the bed and kneels there at her side, bending his head close to hers:
‘But you should go now, sweetheart. There’s a better life for you.’
She shakes her head, bringing her left hand up to cup the side of his face:
‘No, my love. I will stay with you to your end here. I promise you that now.’
They sleep then, wrapped together like young lovers would.
 
Over breakfast they decide to take the day off, to find somewhere near the lake below to sit in the sun for a few hours and just relax. Not so easy to do, where the lake is not edged with mudflats it is very heavily built up, but they find a spot on the far side, where the roadway passes close to the lake-water’s edge. It’s her idea to go back to the last town they passed through and get the makings of a picnic. She insists that she will create this picnic, and he easily relents, knowing her culture has better experience of good food than his own. Turns out to be a largish box, weighty too, the neck of one bottle of wine peeking out.
The spot they find is just down from the road, about sixty metres from the water’s edge, rough grassy ground between rocks and scrub vegetation. It is the silence that gets to him first: so like a weight on his ears, he finding that he is an intent listener out of habit. He remarks this to her and she replies, sitting beside him on a conveniently flat rock:
‘It’s waiting that I do most. I can feel it now, like I’m always looking towards the next corner, the next person. And even when you came along and I wanted you to be the one I was waiting for, I found myself waiting for you. Like you were always still just coming towards me.’
He can nod at that, seeing that aspect of her in how she holds her body: like he is always going to touch it and she braced for some unknown effect. And he can see now, looking at her beside him, how she will always be like that. Never will she be just there in the way that he might be able to go around her, look back at her: she would always be in front of him, waiting, he always as though bringing her something new.
‘You know, I don’t know what you look like from behind. You are always facing me.’
She gets up from the rock and walks a few paces away from him over the rough grass. She wearing a blue dress today – powder blue, the loose weave of the fabric accentuating the softness of the colour – loose on her slim body.
‘Where did you get that dress. I haven’t seen it before.’
She laughs, looking back without turning:
‘The other day. When you weren’t looking.’
He laughs too, seeing how slender her back seems, the curve of her buttocks hinted at by the dress. He remembers slapping her, and for an instant he feels a movement in himself. He says:
‘I don’t know if you know your back, but I can tell you it is as lovely and as enticing as the front part of you.’
She turns to him and he sees that her whole body has flushed. She walks back to him, asking:
‘Does it work on you any better than my front, as you call it?’
There is an edge, but it is not a good one: inadequacy there. He grimaces:
‘Remember that I slapped you there. Cruelty in that.’
She’s standing just in front of him, the grassy turf giving her some extra height so that she seems to tower over him seated:
‘Cruelty will do.’
Yes, he can see the abandonment, can see in what way she is now already dead and on her way to her next life, and its promise. He shakes his head:
‘No. That’s impotence.’
He means this, yet can see himself beating her arse hard, she kicking out as she screams. But she even so pushes it:
‘Do it if you want. It’s also love.’
And he can see it now: what’s left when Eros finds its true home: only violence, a naked physical drive reaching across on the sex-circuit. He tries to get around her invitation:
‘Can’t you feel sex anymore?’
That gives her pause, her head down as she examines herself. Then:
‘When you kissed me last night – down there – that was sex, pure sex. If that was enough for you I’d say do that instead. But I don’t think it is enough.’
And that about seals the argument. He answers:
‘Nor would beating you be enough.’
 
And her lunch is a treat. He fetches the old rug from the boot of the car and finds a reasonably level spot. There is to begin with chewy bread, paper cartons of salted fish and cold meats, a fresh-tasting salad, stuffed olives. The wine is white, very light, and pleasant though on the warm side. And then – this, he thinks, is the culture – a flask of strong coffee and chocolate eclairs, real cream moreover, dangerously rich but just so perfect out of doors on a summer’s day. He lies back, the weight of the eclairs alone pushing him away in a gentle summer’s afternoon gentle doze. He can hear bird song, the laps of water – even the plop of fish, a distant buzz of a saw, the sun warm on his body, unkinking all the kinks in his being, for now anyway. He even knows that she lies close beside him, knowing also that she is not dozing as blithely as he is, that she is dwelling on some mystery within herself. And he knows that she will talk to him about it this evening. Time enough then: time now for an easy slumber by a sunny lake in a faraway country.
 
Passing through a town late afternoon, he spies an art supply shop, so stops and buys a pad of cartridge paper, a box of coloured pencils. On his way out he chances to see some slender wax crayons: gets them too. She nods when she sees them and he smiles at her and says:
‘Not art, sweetheart. You’ll see. Better than a photograph.’
He drives on beyond the lake – pleasant while there, but the dark mudflats like a nun’s habit covering the water’s charm. He knows there is another major city to be circumvented on the morrow and uses the GPS app to find the best stopping place for the night.
They are signed into the hotel and in their appointed room on the early side. He showers and changes into the woollen trousers and his conventional shirt – not too creased still at this stage. He finds her sitting cross legged on the bed, naked, obviously waiting for him. He asks if she is not getting ready for dinner and she replies:
‘Aren’t you going to draw me?’
‘Not like that. You’ll have to await the moment, sweetheart. And you won’t be naked, not at first anyway. That would be too much to capture first time. My hand and eye need to get to know you first. Do you see? It’s not photography, point at what you see and click. My eye and hand need to collaborate, so they need practice first. Here, I’ll show you.’
He throws her the tee-shirt he had been wearing today, indicating that she should put it on. He then sits her in relation to the light coming from the window – which faces east, as it happens, so no blinding sunlight. He starts with a blue pencil, the nearest to the blue she wore that day, and sketches the outline of her head, neck and exposed shoulder. Her gets her nose wrong first time: longer than his eyes sees it just now. But her mouth her gets just right. Too right in a way, the danger is that the exactitude will trap him next time. He doesn’t try too hard with her eyes, feeling his own eye falters as feeling intrudes. Enough for now. He says to her as he shows her:
‘You have such beautiful eyes, you know.’
She’s startled, which startles him in turn. She looks up at him, a kind of pleased astonishment in her face:
‘Do I really look like that?’
He looks at the page then looks at her still astonished face:
‘Near enough for a first attempt.’
She gone back to staring at the sketch, shaking her head:
‘It’s like there is a roadway running into my face.’
She looks up at him:
‘It’s like the first time you affected my vagina – a few nights ago, when I took you in my mouth – I felt there was a roadway there too. It’s the same roadway, like it goes all the way through me and into another place. Can I keep that?’
‘But it’s only the first one. I’ll do more of you. They’ll be better once I get used to you. Look, see how I had to fudge the nose. And your eyes. Not sure I even be able to capture what’s there.’
She nods, as though this is just a kind of professional quibbling:
‘But you have caught my face here. Oh, what is your name? Funny, I’ve just realised that I don’t know it.’
‘Bernard.’
She reaches and cups his face with her soft open palm:
‘Nice. Suits you, my love.’
He has a strange thought: he has just created her. He knows he shouldn’t be surprised. After all, isn’t that what artists have always done?
 
It is his suggestion that she wear the black number this evening – a suggestion he couldn’t resist making, though he does have misgivings. He knows it is part of the process of image-making her. That he understands quite clearly. But there is a risk in this: either she will become besotted with that image, or someone else – most like a man – will. He has to do it: there is an image in his mind already, a construct that needs components. Now these thought do surprise him to an extent. They are painterly thoughts – the operation of artistry.
So there she is over by the door. What strikes him most strongly at first is this: the conventional image here would have her tricked out with jewellery, shiny gold and sparkly diamonds, to put value on the meat on display. As she is, it is a black dress shaped to happy curves – individually modest but summing to a form the will entice any hand – her olive skin aglow in the soft light, brushed hair hanging below her shoulders, lips:
‘What colour is that lipstick?’
‘It’s a carmine. Not very accurate, but the best I could get.’
‘No. It’s fine, just fine. It pulls at your skin. Do you understand that? Like your skin wants to light up.’
She just nods emphatically. He going to say something more about carmine when he sees her eyes:
‘You told me once that you saw heaven in my eyes – it was that compliment that seduced me – but I have no name for what I see in your eyes, my love.’
And he knows now that he will never be able to paint them. Eyes are impossible to catch – look at all the glassy stares in the work of the Old Masters.
She breaks into his silence:
‘The shoes? Are they right?’
Her black court shoes. He nods:
‘Yes. They are modest. Sexy as all hell but modest. That’s you.’
 
Another step into the image-making unknown, he arranges a reservation at the town’s best restaurant. A small provincial town, but its best restaurant is not to be underestimated: people here like quality, not flash. A solid folk.
The meal is fine – though he is no judge in these matters – and the evening runs smoothly all the way to the end of the meal, a cognac and black coffee. She must use the toilet. She rises from the table and walks away from him across the fairly full restaurant. A man almost jumps up from a table on the far side of the room, throws his napkin down, mutters something to his wife and sets off towards the toilets. He needs only gesture to the waiter over to one side and he is off after the man, touching his sleeve and pointing at the floor back at his table. The man bows his head and turns back. No problem there.
They leave when she comes back, he palming a couple of notes to the waiter and leaving a good tip for the staff. They walk through the balmy night air, the pathway sheltered by mature limes, other late night strollers passing them with a communal nod. He holds her elbow with his left hand, more really like a holder for some objet d’art, though he is all too aware that her lovely bones are mortal, someday to rot back into the universal slime.
Back in the hotel room, he – walking ahead of her – turns to say something: sees her form shaped by the low light from a bedside lamp and says curtly:
‘Freeze. Just don’t move.’
He doesn’t even ask himself if he can do it: either it will work or it won’t. First he has to find a surface for the pad. A small writing table can be lifted out from the wall and positioned just as he wants it. Open the box of crayons, take out white, yellow, and a pale blue. He says as he studies the scene:
‘This will take a little while. I hope you can bear with me. You see, I must first try to catch the background. Not exactly but thematically, that is so it fits into the rest of the picture.’
He lays white out on the white paper, then works the yellow in, adding a touch of red – a crimson in fact – working this till he gets a sheen of gold which varies slightly across its surface. Now the blue to begin to outline the figure, the texturing in tiny dabs of white along the outline. Then he begins the main body of the work, using a deep grey first. It’s then she says:
‘I must go. I really must go.’
He swears, then apologises for swearing. Tells her to hold on. Searches and finds a bowl in the bathroom. Goes to her and eases her panties down and freeing them from her off-leg, her right leg as it happens. Then he holds this leg out, supporting her at the same time. He pushes the bowl as far up between her thighs as he can, then says:
‘Try a little first.’
It works. She empties her bladder at his nod. He then lowers her leg, leaves the bowl out in the bathroom, and is back at the table, saying:
‘Not too long now.’
The grey doesn’t really work, can’t get texture with it. So he works a deep red into it, and finally accepts defeat and uses black. He didn’t expect much of the black – essentially a no-colour – but it sits on the mess underneath and he feels how the red especially is as though burning up through the black. Then there is texture: not what he planned, certainly not what he might have expected. And now the grey has its part, like an overflow out onto the – what he sees now is an unstable field of colour – goldy red and yellow, allowing what blue survives this invasion to shine out intensely here and there along the interface between form and background.
He stands back. From one perspective – not knowing what he was trying to do – it looks a complete mess, too many colours – but when he looks up again at her over by the door, and sees the vivid reality of the woman he has plumbed such depths with, then he sees what he has captured.
He signals her to come and look. She comes quickly, hopping forward as she frees the panties from her other foot. She looks at the image, then looks at him, then says:
‘My mother would say that was a demon.’
 
They are abed, side by side naked under the cover: not expecting anything tonight. They have no reason to believe this, but they both know it is true. They had showered together, something they had never done before, and they had washed each other’s back – which neither had ever experienced before. They agreed that this was one good reason for having a partner in life, the perfection of equal mutual service.
It is fondness, possible because they both now live outside the world, outside its values and its objectives. Side by side, they don’t reach to touch, yet their arms do graze together, their skin dry and warm after the shower. She waits until they have settled together before asking:
‘What happened?’
‘One man went to follow you.’
‘The little old one? With grey hair.’
‘Yes. How did you know?’
‘The older men feel they have less to lose. There were two of them. Did you see that?’
‘I thought there was a young guy, but that seemed to be just admiration.’
‘Yes. But the other young guy, with the cropped hair over at the bar.’
‘You had the whole place twigged?’
‘Remember that I’m used to this. I know the type of man who is interested in me. And how they are interested. That old guy would have tried to kiss me, blubbering as he did. But the young guy knew how to rape a woman.’
‘How do you know that?’
‘How they carry themselves. Crouched, they come at the woman from behind.’
‘Has that happened to you?’
‘Once.’
‘Were you raped? You said last night…’
‘Oh no, Bernard. I can run very fast.’
Silence. There should be some kind of guilt, but he knows that he isn’t the guilty type. It’s punishment or nothing. Then she asks him:
‘Did you expect something like that?’
Honesty:
‘Yes. No, I didn’t set you up. It would happen sooner or later. We were going to flash it, know what I mean?’
‘The day I bought the black dress.’
‘Yes. But tonight. I think the reason I chose a place outside the hotel was to put us out in the wild, as it were. I knew the waiters were experienced and they would have dealt with this kind of thing before. I can tell you that the moment that guy stood up, the waiter was on to him. I signalled, letting him know I would reward him. But as you say, it could have been different, and all I can say to that is that it wasn’t.’
‘And that it how you could do that drawing?’
‘Yes. I needed some kind of depth. No, not in you, or in me. Look over at it. See the background. See the way it shimmers? Sometimes it is hard to make the subject move, so you have to make the background move instead.’
The sketch is propped up on the little table – back in its position against the wall – glinting waywardly, like broken glass.
‘Are you a genius?’
‘No. Just a job of work, no more. Another piece of the construction.’
Now she rolls towards him, her breast coming to lie against his arm. She whispers, the phone sounding as usual:
‘I wish we were ordinary lovers. We could make love now. Then sleep peacefully afterwards.’
He shakes his head, a sigh escaping him as he feels her hand enfolding his penis:
‘No. If we were ordinary, I would be just another guy in the crowd, longing for goodness knows what with you.’
Her head nods against his:
‘And I would have been pregnant at fifteen, ODed already by now.’
He pulls his left arm loose and folds it about her shoulders. She moves closer to him, so that her breast comes to rest on his heart again.
A long day, a long night.
 
Discovers at breakfast that they are in another country again and so needs more data. Another big city in the offing. Bypassing to the south seems the obvious direct route, but the river down that way will offer restrictions. So it will be north and then east for the rest of the day, work out the next stage tomorrow.
Both are muted today, too much going on in their personal lives now, a sense of borderline preoccupying both. Oh, they know each other well enough for trust and are open to whatever eventualities lie ahead, but they are also aware by now just how little they know themselves, never mind how little they know each other. Yet he is constantly aware of her, sitting in the seat next to him, the seat belt between her breasts, the shine of her ivory knees – wearing the blue dress again today – the mundane plastic sandals that shod her quiet feet. He could chat with her – if that was possible without the impersonality of the phone translator – natter away together, swopping opinions and observations, like filling out the void with bubbles. But he does say, as they pull off the ring road to head east again:
‘Maybe an early stop today? I don’t know about you but I’m crashed.’
It’s like she is waking up – see her legs draw in – looking around her as though in a dream:
‘Small place, my dear. Where we can be alone.’
He nods: just the thing to say. They pull into a kiosk of sorts later to grab some rolls and water for lunch, eating them on the way. The roads are busy but very disciplined, truckers and other experienced drivers. He has never remarked the restriction he has faced driving right-hand steering in a right-lane road system. He thinks now it is mainly because the drivers on these roads are so disciplined. There’s none of the little-me exceptionalism they get at home, the jack-asses who jump lights and lanes – exploiting the discipline of others for their own trivial advantage. The sort of people, that is, who never stop to wonder why they are always on the outside, always pushed to the end of the queue.
She says at one point, out of the blue:
‘You will draw my face again?’
He steals a look over at her, seeing how rounded her nose is in profile, her jaw seemingly short – because of the shallow curve:
‘Sure. I’d need to do that anyway. But why’d you ask?’
‘My father took a photograph once of maman and me, outside the house one summer’s day. I was squinting so my eyes were hidden, I think now because I had to look up at the camera. But there had been shadows around maman’s eyes that frightened me then. This was around the time I started to hear her scream at night. I was very frightened of those shadows and for a long time I used to look at myself very closely to see if I was getting shadows like that. But I think now her eyes were shadowed because of the angle of the sun.’
He hears her laugh, her breath expelling like a sigh. He looks at her again, then asks:
‘Do you wear eye shadow?’
Now she looks across at him:
‘Don’t you know?’
He shrugs, keeping his eyes on the road ahead, a truck restricting his view just now:
‘Strangely, no. It’s not that I’m afraid of your eyes – I mean, of you looking at me – it’s just that I didn’t want to be captured by them. Do you know what I mean?’
‘I think so. But tell me.’
‘Ok. That first night, remember? When you followed me outside the bar? Your eyes were like beacons. You were wearing eye shadow then, even mascara, weren’t you?’
‘Yes, but that’s part of the show.’
‘Fair enough. But your eyes seemed so intense. But I couldn’t work out if you were looking for something or just seeing something.’
Her hears her laugh again, the same sighing as she says:
‘I told you, remember? When I asked you to dance with me – back in the bar? – you looked at me in a way that I wasn’t sure whether you were looking for something or had found something in me. Then when we danced and I pushed myself really close to you, I could see the way your eyes seem to dance, as thought you were trying to look at two things at the same time. Do you understand that, Bernard? It was only when you told me that you had studied art that I understood your eyes. Can you see that? And the sketch you did last night really proved what I had understood. You can see colour, really see colour. No wonder your fantasy-woman came to you.’
A lot to take in out on a busy road. He has nodded repeatedly as he followed her descriptions, valuing what she is saying for the insights she’s giving him. So much he can say in reply, but while he wants to repeat his question about how she dresses her eyes now, he finds he must say:
‘No, Bertiné. Not colour alone. Light. I try to paint what we all see all the time, and no one seems to notice: light. Colours are like shields this world puts up to hide the light from us. Thinking now – after what you have said – that what I was doing last night: digging down through all the colours I saw around you as I tried to get to the light.’
That does give her pause, he stealing a glance to see her looking straight ahead, a slight frown creasing her normally clear brow. Then she says, looking at him even as he looks at her again:
‘The heaven I saw in your eyes, is that the light?’
He nods, smiling with relief – even though it’s not the light painters talk about – seeing at the same time that she does not dress her eyes. So he says:
‘Do you have stuff to dress your eyes?’
‘Do I need it?’
He nods.
‘I’ll get some at our next stop.’
‘About another hour. There a junction up ahead that will take us east. We’ll stop in that town.’
 
 Took less than an hour to get to the outskirts. The sight of a neat café-bar down a small incline off the road, mature trees all about, prompted the idea of late afternoon coffee and pastries. Inside was exactly what they expected, intimate, comfortable yet bright and colourful. She discovered that the pleasant young woman behind the bar was a compatriot, stopping over in this town for a while on her way somewhere else.
He leaves them to chat together, looking for a table with good light but out of the way too. There is such a table – of course there is, when is there not? – and he can seat himself with his back to the main light source here – sunlight reflected from an open area of grass bounded by the tall trees. She comes then, more jolly than he has seen her before, really a kind of relief she is not used to. Her face is so animated that he can hardly see the intently preoccupied girl who had approached him way back in the brandy-bar. She tells him:
‘Heloise is working her way to Istanbul to join a Turkish man she met in Berlin.’
‘Why is she taking the long way if it is to join her lover?’
‘Oh, that’s just a reason to get out of Berlin. He’ll have probably forgotten her by the time she gets there. Then she’ll go on somewhere else.’
Coffee and cream pastries arrive now, more animated conversation between the two women, then a big parting smile for him. She leans towards him, knowing smile on her face:
‘Heloise thinks you’re really good-looking.’
‘Well, you can tell her next time you talk that I think she is not bad herself. Tell her that she has beautiful hips.’
He takes the pad and crayons out:
‘I want to sketch your face, especially your eyes. I need to see if I can capture them.’
‘Should we not have our coffee first?’
‘No. I’ll work as we do that.’
There is an obvious imbalance between them now, mainly – as expected – due to the presence of the other woman. He is not the slightest bit interested in her – she’s just another member of their generation uprooted by education and unrealistic expectations. He knows she will wander around until… there is a degree of abstraction for him here now. He has become suddenly wealthy and so need never worry about the future. Yet there is still that element in him that he does share with the woman, Heloise. Once people broken away from their traditional lifestyle would experience acute loss and a sense of despair. But his generation has the sense that they have risen above tradition – not fallen away from it – and education has filled their heads with dross to the extent that they can no longer think about their actual situations. That’s why he cannot see the end facing the likes of Heloise – and himself, despite his wealth – there is no apparent end available to them. It’s like they are always somewhere in the middle of nowhere.
‘What? What’s happened?’
‘I’ve got it. Look.’
It’s strange – and he knows he will never stop finding this fact strange – just how effective the hand with the eye is. Her eyes are there on the page, yet it is not what he expected to draw. He knows he would have started on the outside, as it were, a neat vesica, then the orb within, then – what? That had always been the difficulty with eyes: what is there beyond the neat geometry and a bit of detail?
‘Are they really like that?’
‘Not if they are photographed, Bertiné. But I’m looking for the expression in your eyes, not just their shape and colour. What you need to do it take the pad into the ladies and glance at the my sketch and then glance at yourself in the mirror there. Then you’ll see what I was after.’
There is an element of Expressionism in what he did. But the weakness of Expressionism and most other modern art is that it was always a matter of translation for them, of deforming the natural – really the photogenic – in what had to be discernible ways. As far as he is concerned – and he will claim no authority for this – the only truly successful modern artwork is Picasso’s Les Demoiselles D’Avignon, both a profound distortion of the natural and a unique expression of a human condition. There is no virtue in self-expression, even the scribblings of an infant are self-expression. If art does not communicate shared experience, then it is no better than childish doodlings.
She looks surprisingly serious when she returns. He notices she is holding the pad down and away from her. She seats herself and hands the pad back to him before speaking:
‘That’s where you’ll start, isn’t it?’
He understands her perfectly, and also understands why she is so serious. She’s afraid now that she may not know herself, after all. He’s going to speak, to try to ease her anxiety, when he is struck by an insight: he is not painting the woman on the other side of the table from him. And yet he cannot be trying to paint his fantasy-woman either – for he has also realised just now that she is not a woman, not a woman in the way that the woman facing him is. There is a connection, but he cannot see it. So he says, trying to be frank amidst he own uncertainties:
‘You are more than you see in the mirror. You know that. And you know that you and I are involved in a complicated process that involves more than just the two of us. You’ll have to trust both of us, Bertiné.’
She answers by reaching across and catching his hand. That is enough. Then he is brisk:
‘I want you to dress your eyes now, keeping in mind what you saw in the mirror. I want to see how I can build out around your eyes first. For that I need some kind of emphasis. Will you try for that?’
She is gone for longer than he expected. The other woman, Heloise, comes over to clear the table of the plates, though not the cups and coffee pot. She says, heavily accented:
‘Albertine says you are travelling to Russia. What is happening there?’
How like the college students he’s known she is. And he can see that more clearly now, just by seeing how she comports herself. She’s like a door in a corridor. He can see his hands on her body, his mind in her head, and all there is then is that long empty corridor. And the best thing he can say to her in reply?
‘We’ll see when we get there. You know how it is yourself?’
Then she has returned and Heloise knows enough to clear off. Her eyes look as though she has done nothing, but then he does see the very faint lines along the outer rims of the lower lids. He is tempted to just add emphasis to what he has so far achieved, but then his hand wants to begin again. He’s had this experience before: the second and subsequent attempts to improve on the first result. Never works. But this time, his eye guides his hand to begin from those new curves. He needs to hold his nerve, tongue caught between his teeth, the brown crayon dabbing forward – he all the time fearing disaster. But he can see the eye, while knowing that there is no such thing as that eye. And he gropes towards the sense of seeing without seeing – what the Siren had called discernment. And then he sees her eye: what she called intelligence.
He shows her the result. Her eyes widen:
‘Yes. How did you do that?’
He says simply, folding the pad closed, both pleased with his success and also very relieved:
‘What you both share.’
The relief in her face is also very evident.
 
‘Did you sleep?’
‘Dozed. You?’
‘For a while. I had a little dream. When I was a child, about seven, my father took me with him on the boat. Just for a day. And my cousin, André, was with me. We didn’t go far out in the boat, though it was a clear day with very little wind. I think they wanted us to feel what it is like to be at sea. I remember at one point looking over the side. I was nervous of all that water, but I did want to see what the sea was like, especially water that was deep enough for me to drown in. It was my uncle Val who held me and he laughed and asked me if I could see any fish. I couldn’t that day, but in the dream I’ve just had I saw a face. It was just under the surface, and it was looking at me.’
‘And the face was like what I drew in the café?’
‘Yes.’
‘Were you frightened? In the dream, I mean.’
‘No. I felt I was looking in a mirror. Can you explain that, Bernard?’
‘I can piece together some of the things she told me, in the first days. She talked a lot to me then. She said we share the same will and soul, but while I had a mind that could discern, she had the intelligence that I discerned. Can you see that?’
‘Yes. You told me something like that earlier.’
‘Yes. OK. Now you say that you have experienced a being like a red dragon, and that it wanted you to go with it. So let me tell you what I think here. It’s like you and I have two parts each. And it’s like one part is – let’s call it masculine – and the other part is feminine. Now the feminine part is dominant in you while the masculine part is dominant in me. The other parts – feminine in me and masculine in you – are like hidden in us in some way. I don’t know why my feminine part has made herself known to me, but the effect has been to bring your other half out also. You see that?’
‘Yes. I follow you. And my father’s feminine part came out to him too. But why didn’t my mother’s other part come out?’
‘Well, you knew something about this situation, from your father. Your mother didn’t. That left her with only the sexual experience, which she has tried to recreate with other men.’
‘Yes, that makes sense. I feel sorry for her now. I must try to help her.’
‘Yes. You should be able to do something for her when this is over.’
 
Dinner down in the café was quiet, though Heloise tended to hover given the opportunity. She’s wearing the blue dress again tonight, though it’s in need of an ironing, at least. Still, he is very comfortable with her tonight. He looks at her eyes with greater confidence, something that she herself is acutely aware of, and which pleases her too. It brings her to say, at one point, speaking with an unfamiliar confidence:
‘We are almost like an ordinary couple now, aren’t we?’
This draws his attention to the fact that she seems not to be engaged in some kind of play with him. He’s hard put to specify this: how she is no longer acting towards him but in a sense now acting alongside him. He can see this in how she treats Heloise’s approaches, friendly and expressive, yet heading her all the time to one side. And even when Heloise appeals directly to him – an openness he is familiar with but which really never did more for him than offer an opportunity should he want to take it – how she goes completely quiet and allows him make his play.
And yet the reduction of sex-appeal – which is what her new relation with him amounts to – does concern him. He can’t decide how this is playing – is it his fantasy-woman who is managing this or is it Bertiné herself? This brings him to wonder if the process – or whatever it is – has completed. Is that all that is required: getting an accurate image of the Siren? What’s the point?
Is it over? He’s looking at her on the other side of the table as though they have just met. That’s stuns him. Watching her eating with her habitual neatness he realises that he does not know her. Not only that: he realises that he really doesn’t want to know her. She’s just another young woman he has met, seeing her with tits and cunt, pretty face and very nice legs, but just another woman in a world full of women with tits and cunt and one kind of beauty or another. Just another Heloise, a door with a long empty corridor on the other side.
 
It’s hard to walk back upstairs to their room afterwards, still early enough to be faced with a long evening before sleep will come to give him a break. There is an emptiness now that not even a mountain of money could fill. Just an emptiness there before him: all that he knows falling away into it as utterly irrelevant. All human struggles, wars and famines, civilizations: all just so much bumping around in the dark.
He undresses and lies out on the bed, hands by his side, eyes closed, feeling that he must wait further aeons of human futility before his own existence is over. The phone is on the pillow at his head:
‘Don’t be disappointed, Bernard.’
It’s the tone of her voice – off to one side away from the phone that affects him. He hears the emptiness there too, which prompts him to say in a neutral tone – not feigned:
‘But you have somewhere to go, Bertiné. At least that.’
‘Yes. But it will only bring me to this point too. In the future, in another life perhaps, but it will be this same place that you are in now.’
He opens his eyes to look at her. She is in the process of undressing, arching her back to unzip the dress. He watches her with a growing – but fugitive – contentment, how she draws the sleeves of the dress down over her lovely arms, then pushes it down over her smooth hips, turning and bending slightly – so that the curves of her buttocks are emphasised – to lift the dress from the floor. And he sees how in her perfect ordinariness she is still such a beautiful being. How the grace of her movements complement the grace of her body, of her whole being. He says – still watching as she removes her underwear:
‘You know, I love women. I love their company. But there are times when I resent – perhaps really hate – the blind forces that come between us. If you and I were sexless beings – angels or pixies – I could lie here like this and watch you move for all eternity, and never get tired of who you are. Right now, I hate the idea of you and I having to leave this room in the morning and appear out in the world again, where all those blind forces will play through us again.’
She is naked now, standing looking at him looking at her, arms hanging down by her side, a very slight pose that tilts her hips so slightly to her left, her knee jutting out slightly, her breasts thrust just that little off centre. He has to laugh:
‘You are such a sexy woman.’
She comes and kneels on the bed by his side:
‘As long as I am alive, my love, I will have this desire. And if we are still together when old and sexless I will still expect you to pleasure me with words like those. And I will hold you and you will hold me.’
She takes his penis in her warm left hand, lifting it gently from where it lay on the hair matting his balls, then swings her hips so that she lies down alongside him. He says to her:
‘Before you get comfortable. There is one thing that I would like to do.’
‘Anything you wish, my love.’
‘Your cosmetics? Where are they?’
 
She gets off the bed again and brings the small zip bag back with her from the bathroom. She opens it for him and he reaches in and pulls out the lipstick.
‘Now lie down again.’
She lies on her back. He leans over her and dobs lipstick on her nipples, then gently he works it into her flesh, working it in an ever wider spread until the nipples have the kind of subtle bloom he is looking for.
She has watched him with increasing interest, her hands all the time itching to touch her breasts. When he has finished, she jumps from the bed and runs to the bathroom. He is pleased to hear her cry out. Back at the door she calls across to him:
‘Have you done that before?’
He shakes his head, studying her breasts closely, trying to evaluate the effect at that distance in the soft bedroom light with the glare of the bathroom at her back. She comes back to the bed, kneels down beside him again:
‘It is so sexy, Bernard. When did you think of that?’
‘Just now. But I have wanted to do something to dress those nipples.’
She leans down over him:
‘Kiss them for me. Suckle me, my love.’
Her nipples really are dugs, the rough surface, the firm mounds that only extend very slowly. Yet he has never sucked nipples like these before. And she moves carefully so that she brings her breasts closer to him, wanting to push her tingling nipples deep into his mouth. Then she whispers, loud relay by the phone:
‘Touch me, love. Touch me.’
And he knows exactly what to do, simply touching the lips below, knowing already how that does affect her. He draws his fingers, one lying on either lip, slowly and steadily up and down, up and down, feeling how her thighs move against the back of his hand. And that curiously primitive odour rising again, and she sighing and sighing so easily lost in the bliss.
Then she is in the room, just beyond the bed, fully naked tonight, her breasts fully aroused, nipples swollen. And they are better prepared tonight, his hot and hard penis driving smoothly into her vagina as he rolls over onto her, driving into her with maximum force as she clutches his back, her nails digging into the flesh.
‘I can see you, beloved. I see what your hand has wrought in our will, what beauty you have found for me in our soul. You have done well. Soon will come the time.’
 
Afterwards. He thinks afterwards may have lasted a few centuries already, the two of them like a boat on a merry sea, long waves to lull them down. He thinks love is like the back of your head open at last, letting in such a golden light, the togetherness like seeing in all directions at once.
Then come the time when he rolls off her body so very slowly – feeling his detumescent penis dragging against the wall of her sticky vagina – and lies looking up at the ceiling. The tenderness in him is a novelty, like all his skin has been removed so that the world can get all the way into him. Then he raises his head and looks at her by his side. Eyes closed, lips pursed full, her right leg is straight while her left leg is bent away to one side. The hair about her vagina is wet, glistening in the soft light, his semen still seeping out of her, the lips slickly oiled.
But not a wound anywhere.
Her nipples are glowing: no other word for it. He says softly:
‘Always dress your breasts in future, sweetheart. They’re like sweeties that even a child would love to eat.’
Seems a mindless sort of thing to say – and assuming that she does not hear it. That is how he is at the moment, like he is at rest and can take time out to – look at a model. That is how he sees her: there is a fullness to her that he has never seen in any woman before. His experience is limited, surely, but post-sex women have usually seemed like spent cartridges. Not a sexist, exploitative view, more how they seemed to themselves: like they have done something they feel obliged to do – part of the zeitgeist – and are now relieved to have it done.
But how this women lies this night on this bed, semen seeping from her still rosy vagina, arms lying slack by her sides, one leg splayed, breasts straight up in the air, eyes close, lips pursed full, breath smooth and even.
He gets the pad and crayons. Lays out a spread of white, works grey in randomly to create movement, her body appears by degrees against this background using a pinkish red he has never used before. Now highlighting with a pale blue, rubbing it into the pink, seeing various violets here and there. Then a yellow – yellow? yes, yellow, a full yellow – over everything, body becoming a contorted banana. And now the red to rework the contours, her arms and legs coming into being, her breasts mighty like lights in the night. And then the dark blue again: her hair this time, both crown and pubic, hinted in her armpits. And finally: he gets the lipstick from her cosmetic bag, gives her lips and nipples, and then the final touch, thin lines to establish the contours of her vagina, the lines then rubbed with yellow until he achieves a sticky off-golden bloom.
Too much colour, of course. He can fantasize fifty years into the future: a career as artist judged in terms of his easy means, a dilettante with a fondness for too much colour. But his main regret, looking now at his handiwork, is that he didn’t have more blues, more reds, more yellows, that he doesn’t know the violets well enough yet, that he hasn’t the confidence to spend more time on the work.
She says at his back:
‘Who looks like that?’
Does anyone know how a fucked-woman should look like? So he challenges her:
‘What do you think?’
She is shaking her head, beginning to laugh:
‘It looks like a dessert. Look, there are even cherries and orange slices, and lemons.’
He has to agree. He laughs with her: it does look like a banana split:
‘Good enough to eat?’
But she looks him directly eyes to eyes:
‘It is good to see you happy. And I am happy that I can make you happy.’
For an instant he is very frightened – so exposed right now – then he smiles an acceptance and bends to kiss her lips.
 
Over breakfast he discovers that they are again at the edge of a country and will need to stop mid-morning to download more data. Heloise serves them, her mood flat, avoiding eye contact, she knowing that they had good sex in the night. But she’s out in the carpark as he readies the car for the day. She stops for a word with her, smiles, and when she gets to the car, he digs out the wad in his left back pocket and gives it to her, nodding over towards the obviously disconsolate Heloise. She takes it over and hands it to her, has a word, and then comes back to the car. They drive out, seeing Heloise looking at the wad of brown notes, dumbfounded.
Once on the road, she asks:
‘How much?’
‘About five. I don’t remember taking anything out of there.’
‘There was more than five hundred there, Bernard.’
‘Five thousand.’
‘Five thousand? Where did you get that much money from?’
‘I always carry some in case it’s needed.’
‘Are you rich, Bernard? I never thought about it before. You don’t seem rich.’
‘I won a lottery. It’s a long story. Pure coincidence, really.’
She is laughing out. The kind of laugh we have when faced with an absurdity: that mixture of outright terror and escapist dismissal.
‘How much?’
He shrugs his shoulders: as though he doesn’t want to know how much:
‘A lot. More than enough, Bertiné.’
She is wise enough to stop when she hears her name. But she needs to ask, even so:
‘And me, Bernard. How much did you give me?’
 He glances over at her:
‘I’ll give you as much as you want. That’s a promise.’
He sees by how she draws her shoulders in that she too is now frightened by the money, by so much money.
 
They stop at a roadside café so he can get the data he needs for this new country. The terrain ahead daunts him. Mountains, high mountains. There seems to be three main crossings, two of which – the most easterly – reach up into high passes. The western crossing looks less demanding, though it will add to their journey by putting them more south than he had planned. He realises it is going to be such a day: the kind of demanding day that will only underline just how tired he is already.
And it is that kind of day. The GPS app is not really adequate in the circumstance. He has never used a route finder, seeing how others spend most of their time glued to the tiny screen on the dashboard and never see where they are. A print road map would have suited him better, especially one that showed contours. The problem for him is that this mountain range is vast by the standards of his experience. He soon loses orientation, finding himself driving along valleys and then over shoulders without any sense of the layout of the range. By mid-afternoon he has to admit that he is lost – at least with reference to the route he had planned. The road he is on is taking him south-east and it is too late in the day when he realises that he did take a wrong turn in the last large town he passed through. He decides they will stop at the next town for the night, consoled at least by the knowledge that they have crossed the mountain range and are now negotiating their way along a broad valley. Tomorrow it will be a matter of retracing their way back to that large town and this time taking the right road out, the one heading eastwards.
 
He finds he is still driving when he drops his bag in their hotel room. She is just weary with the long day’s travel and is content to lie out on the bed.
‘I’m going to take a walk around the town. I’m still driving.’
She nods, eyes closed.
He has only walked about a hundred metres when he see the postcard on a rack outside a shop. Why that card? See the photograph: a narrow ravine, mountainy trees clinging to the steep sides, foamy water of a fast river below, blue sky above a distant ridge. The sense of enclosure is very powerful, and sums up his day’s experience so well. Only now does he realise how the vastness of the range had frightened him, overwhelming him with its brute immensity, the sheer anonymity of so much dark rock stretching away to far horizons. It brings home to him the bigness of the world – he the product of a human-scale island. It gives him a perspective on himself, how small he is in the scale of this world. He looks at the people passing him now on the street, all ages, and for a moment can feel what it must be like to live as they do with those great mountains at their backs. Are they greater than him for living in this bigger world, or are they less: perhaps held in a kind of abeyance by a land they cannot directly grasp.
Then he sees what had taken his interest to begin with: there is a high rock jutting out over the ravine, such that it’s edge is in the exact centre of the card. Lousy photography, but a neat holiday image.
The pretty girl in the shop offers him a stamp to go with the card, pointing to a little wooden counter to the back of the shop – complete with chained pen – which he can use.
 
Mom and Dad
Here in the middle of nowhere, weather great, roads good, food even better. See you both soon.
Love, Bennie.
 
And there is a post-box out at the edge of the pavement.
 
He hears her in the shower when he gets back, her clothes lying at the end of the bed. He’s still thinking about high mountains, how his unwillingness to climb is the source of the intimidation he feels. Actually, he knows it is not merely that he doesn’t want to bother climbing, more that he knows he couldn’t climb them. Not energy or muscle, just will. Is it the first time he has felt this kind of will-limitation? Yes: and it’s like this limitation creates a real barrier for him.
It’s the reality of this barrier that perplexes him. As a counter-balance he thinks how he would be unable to swim across the ocean he lived beside for two months. He had even thought about that one evening, nicely stoned with some cosmic disco filling the space around him. Yet he had not thought that the limitation in that case had created a barrier of any kind. Yes, he knows the answer to this conundrum: no one could swim that two-thousand-mile wide ocean, but people climb high mountains every day. And yet it is not the answer.
She comes into the room, drying her hair:
‘Are you long back?’
The answer is in that postcard:
‘No. Just back. I’ll have a quick shower.’
That was the point of that scene: it showed a real limitation in this world. No, a limitation to this world: though more like an edge than a barrier.
 
He’s surprised to see her wearing the black number. But it’s only when she moves, reaching for the court shoes, that he sees how she has changed in some way. She’s not a girl anymore, not just a sexy thing: no, she’s a woman now. See the gravity in her poise as she balances to insert her feet into the shoes, first the left foot and then the right. But it’s only when she turns to him that he sees what is missing:
‘Don’t you wear jewellery?’
He remembers even as he speaks that he had thought about this the last time she wore the black dress.
‘No. Fishermen’s wives don’t, so I have never thought about it.’
‘Would you like some jewellery?’
She looks at him. She hasn’t moved, but he feels her drawing back – not cagey but even so careful in some way:
‘You mean gold and diamonds?’
He sees it so clearly – painting again:
‘No. Sapphires. A necklace. You could wear it with anything. It wouldn’t look ostentatious. Not like gold and diamonds.’
She shakes her head:
‘I tell you. Once I had some money. No need to tell you how I got it. I was in a big city at the time and I went into one of the big department stores. I saw this jacket. It was so beautiful, Bernard. And I could afford it. But then I thought of the other clothes that I would need to compliment the jacket. Then I thought of the things I might do wearing that jacket. I didn’t have that lifestyle, nor would I ever have it.’
‘But you can now if you want.’
‘No, Bernard. I’m not that sort of person. I was born and bred to be like my mother and to marry a man like my father. But I’m not going to do that, and I’ve known that since papa disappeared. But there is no reason why I should take up another lifestyle, especially a showy one that I have no use for.’
‘But would you accept a sapphire necklace if I bought you one? It would be beautiful on you, bright by day and so dark by night. I mean, you could keep it locked away somewhere. But you would have it as I would want you to have it.’
She’s crying. Is he surprised? No. It’s what he would have done in her place. But he is truly surprised when she raises her head and says in a firm voice, relayed by that phone app:
‘Paint me that necklace.’
 
The first question is: how many blues are there in a sapphire? He remembers that his fantasy-woman said he feared blue, but that is true of all young men. Blue is like water to them: deep, a place of drowning.
He may be breaking some rule or convention, but no one is reminding him of that. He has the pad down on his lap while they eat, the crayons and pencils – he feels he’ll need the accuracy of the pencils tonight – bunched near the condiments. He has so far managed to catch her skin tone – not exact as in this restaurant light, but in the warm light of a more intimate setting. And he has broadened this background to include the upper swell of her breasts, the lines of her neck, the curves of her shoulders – just anatomy-class stuff intended to appeal to the passing viewer.
There will be seven stones, six of much the same size and shape, the centre one slightly larger and intended to catch most of the light – to be the daytime stone.
So much for the plan. He builds the stones on white, starts to work with crayon, loses patience with the smudging, all the time aware that he has not the hand for the sharpness of stone. He fares better with the pencils – surprised to find he had four blues to work with – discovering quite by accident that he can work the pencil much as he can the crayon. But he has to be satisfied with smudging, and discovers that once he can accept that, he can work with intense concentration fiddling the blues, working in more white and even twice a little black.
It’s coffee and chocolate time, the wine almost gone, when he can pass the pad across the table to her. Of course, there are no such sapphires on the planet, never were and never will be. But he can see her nod, looking up with a very pure smile.
And then this women approaches her and begs permission in whatever language they speak here. She passes the pad to her. The woman stares at the pad. Another woman comes by, looking over her shoulder. This second woman looks over at him, her request unmistakable. She takes the pad back across the room to a crowded table. Well, it’s the provinces out here, foot-hills people not too gone on etiquette. Do they know what they are looking at? He doubts it – no more than he knew what he was drawing in the end.
The waiter brings them both a glass of brandy. It’s very good brandy by his limited standards. Then the waiter is obviously offering them more brandy. They decline, enough brandy already gone to his tired-out head.
He stands up, she stands up, and the pad is back in his hand in minutes. He folds it closed, bows to the entire restaurant – definitely befuddled. Then follows her out, his eyes only for the sway of her hips – like a calf following its mother.
 
It’s about all he can do is clean his teeth, undress and lie out flat on his back on the bed. There is something flowing in him, like water, except it’s not water. How many blues are there? How many do you want? How many do you need? Say there is a planet somewhere out there where sapphire is liquid and flows like water. And say the light is sometimes white, sometimes golden, sometimes red. And say you are sitting on the bank of a sapphire river on this planet and the sunlight is sometimes like creamy palm-oil, sometimes like reconstituted orange juice, sometimes like a sugary cherry lipstick, how would it be for you? It’s like you want to have a really good wank, but all the time it is as though there is something else you must do – something more important for a reason you can never know…
The mattress rocks and rolls as she gets into bed by his side. How she is like a woman tonight, like someone else, not the bird you can screw when you are in the mood. Her voice too is someone else’s – in a foreign language too – relayed by a mechanical voice at his ear:
‘The woman spoke to you last night?’
He’s crying that river of sapphire – that is the bitter truth:
‘She finds the sketches in my will. She said I was nearly there.’
‘Good. How will it happen? Will you just disappear like papa did?’
‘I don’t know. What happened with your father? Can you remember?’
‘I came home from school that day and found maman crying. He only took his jacket, she said. Left suddenly in the night. Didn’t waken her. Didn’t eat anything before he left. He wasn’t on the boat – which was in the harbour. His brothers hadn’t seen him either. Never came back. And his body was never found, even though maman reported him missing to the police.’
 Do we get whisked up into heaven or something? No. This is serious.
‘What about you? What did you experience?’
‘He’s – I think you are right to call the dragon masculine – he’s waiting for me. I could see him as though through some trees in a forest. There was like a campfire in the distance with its light flickering on the trees.’
‘You can go there, can’t you?’
‘I’m afraid, Bernard. Really afraid. And I don’t want to leave you alone, not the way it is for you now.’
‘How do you mean?’
‘Those women tonight, in the restaurant, they all saw exactly what I saw in your drawing.’
‘Saw what? I hardly knew what I was doing.’
‘They saw themselves, Bernard. What you called the feminine being.’
‘It’s like a river inside me now. It’s like it will carry me away.’
‘No, Bernard. She will come to you. You should sleep now, my love. Let me kiss you goodnight.’
The compress of her so-soft lips is like a balm.
‘Courage, dear Bernard. Have courage and all will be well.’
 
He awakes alone in the morning, sunlight from the east in the window shining in the room.
His very first thought? His very first sight of her: her girl-face seemingly looking up at him, even though she was almost his own height. Even the music he remembers now, Daft Punk getting lucky to the beat. She was like a tasty hostess welcoming him aboard holiday flight number nine taking him to some plastic paradise with the heating full on and a spotlight always in your face.
He sees she has taken only her shoulder bag, so he packs everything else of hers into her overnight bag, rolling each dress carefully as he had seen her do, then her underwear, then her cosmetic bag and toothbrush and comb. He has such a sense that all these things belong to himself too, that if he ever hits base he will hang up her dresses in his wardrobe along with his own gear. He could marry someone and have six children and still those dresses will hang in his wardrobe. No question about that. And he doesn’t have to give this feeling a name, the dresses and her cosmetic bag say it all for him.
 
He’s on the road at eight. He knows he is going somewhere and he doesn’t really care where that is. Yes, he might recover from this shock in time, but until then he’s going to stay on what he feels is the track. The traffic is light and well behaved, so he has time to think. Think of her, of course, except it’s like he can’t get that door open fully. There are glimpses – sudden movements of her hands or head, flashes of her face or body, even seeing her glancing across at a tree as they flash by – and there are sounds: her voice, how the language she spoke – which its specific inflections and vowels – shaped her voice for him. And he thinks it’s because he rarely grasped the words she spoke – once hearing chérie, for instance, and of course the more familiar maman – that her voice has a musical quality for him, as though she sang for him all the time.
And even he himself has a part in these flashes. How he feels he was always approaching her, always going towards her, getting closer all the time. And yet she was always as though out on an horizon, but the sense then that she was waiting for him. But the sense then too that she might have been waiting for someone, anyone at all. But no: he sees that face again, hearing the word danse this time. And again that sense of invitation: come with me.
An opportune moment, perhaps, for him to spy the very large display just ahead, large arrow underneath pointing in to his right. He has to laugh at the irony of finding the postcard he sent his parents the day before displayed very large here by this road. Well, why not? It’s obviously the local tourist sight. The image here is almost exactly that of the postcard, except that the pointed rock thrust out over the chasm is not at the centre – here the centre is occupied by a pretty young woman falling through the air.
Lover’s Leap. 
What else, given the day that’s in it? He has to laugh, hoping that his parents never take the trouble to have the card translated. He’s nodding away to himself, protecting himself with this irony, when he does notice something unusual. The falling girl has fair hair, while most of the people he had seen around here have dark hair. The kind of fair hair that was quaintly called flaxen. And the clothes confirm this, the simple jerkin tied at the waist with a woven belt, buskin style footwear – the kind of gear attributed to the pre-Roman peoples called the Celts. So the question is: did this pretty girl jump, or was she pushed?
He remembers another aspect. One reasonably successful party at college – i.e. that didn’t end too soon with a crash – when a New-Age girl told a group of them about a place in the West of England where there was a road called Clouds Road on which stood a pub called The World’s End, behind which the land fell away steeply down to a public park. Her point was that Cloud here had originally meant cliff in the British tongue, so that the pub’s name probably retained some memory of the use of the site for human sacrifice.
He is surprised to find that he is now feeling peaceful, a sense of completion even. Each individual part of what has altogether given him this new-found steadiness might be complete nonsense – listing: Siren, mermaid, changeling child – whatever Bertiné called herself – postcard, Lover’s Leap/sacrifice, the New Age cliff story, the woman gone and he standing here looking up at what might be an omen of some kind for himself. All these parts might be so much nonsense individually, but taken altogether here and now must mean something to even a sceptic such as himself.
Maybe, just maybe.
So he gets back in the car and takes the turn right. It’s a local road but in very good condition, no doubt to facilitate the stream of tourists that might be expected during the summer months. The road is running up a side valley, following a contour that takes it along a snaking route above high pasture country, patches of forest above, broken ground intervening. There are signs warning of deer crossing, then later signs indicating rock falls. Then he breasts a shoulder and the road follows this for a while before beginning a descent. The land changes quite suddenly. Gone is the easy pastureland, the patches of forest, now there is a darkness on the rising slopes as the road descents following a contour that keeps it off the steep lower slopes. The trees are the familiar conifers, but have a stunted appearance and are dispersed in random copses, with expanses of a dark bush in other places, bared rock elsewhere. He sees the jutting rock quite suddenly as he comes out of a long shallow bend. It is still below him – this is unexpected, for he has assumed that he would approach the site from the floor of the valley. The rock seems to be jutting out from among a more forest-like mass of trees, and – because he cannot see down into the valley yet – seems to just hang in the air as an incidental feature. The sense of darkness does not lift even when he gets to see how the valley opens quite a distance ahead. He can even see farmland now down in the broad valley below, the river running almost straight down the centre. Still the darkness because where he is at present seems so different that you might doubt there was a connection between the two worlds.
He had never accepted the idea that places could have specific identities. He had heard mountain walkers talking about such characteristics, here a place peaceful, there conveying a sense of death. And yes, he can admit now, far from home and entering what seems inescapably a dark morbid place, that he is the kind of modern rationalist who can scoff intellectually while carefully ignoring the state of his sensibility. It is dark here: even inside the noisy piece of modern technology that is his car he can feel the presence of the place. Then he breaks through the feeling of encroachment, the valley broadening even as he guides the car through a long shallow curve, sunlight suddenly on the road, and a big sign ahead with the pretty girl falling down through the sky.
One car in the car park, a small family group out on the platform, the father glancing over and nodding in a neighbourly way. The legend is in several languages, none of which he knows. But one word stands out in almost all versions: princess. From this he concludes that we have the Lover’s Leap version here. He crosses to the railing and discovers that he is now looking up at the postcard image, the jutting rock almost in the centre between the sides of the valley. The rush of the river below comes faintly to him too, even birdsong that couldn’t figure in a photo.
The father of the family approaches him with a careful delicacy, holding his phone towards him, gesturing towards his family further along by the railing. Yes, he is willing to take pictures of the family group. It takes three shots before he’s sure everyone was smiling, the mother and little boy most shy. The father is very grateful and he tries to ease the man’s discomfort in having to ask anything of a stranger by saying in his most emollient tone:
‘You’re very welcome. Please, you are welcome.’
And it is his daughter who speaks then:
‘Speak English? You speak English?’
He focuses on her with relief:
‘Yes. And so do you.’
She’s about ten or eleven, dark hair, strong broad face, used to running on all cylinders:
‘I learn at school. I will go to America someday. To visit cousins. Is that right? Do I speak right?’
He smiles to reassure her that he’s human just as she is:
‘You speak English very well. Very good.’
Yes, she is very pleased. And he is pleased for her, seeing what an effort she is putting into this attempt at conversation – after all, he hasn’t spoken directly with anyone for a long time now. A very long time, given what has been happening.
Then she asks, stepping forward towards him, indicating the postcard scene out there:
‘Do you understand story?’
He shakes his head:
‘No. I cannot read these languages.’
She signals him to follow, very self-possessed:
‘Come and I will tell you the story. It is sad.’
Once she has him gathered in front of the long display board she begins:
‘There was the beautiful Princess Marta who loved the hunter she had met in the forest. But the evil lord wanted her for himself. So he killed the young hunter and the poor Princess ran away to here and threw herself down from that rock up there into the river below. They say her body was never found.’
He nods, visibly impressed by the girl’s application. He says with as much sincerity as he can muster:
‘Thank you for telling me that story. It is very sad. The Princess was very unhappy.’
He sees a cloud pass over the girl’s face, so he says quickly:
‘But it is better now, yes? You will be happy.’
She nods earnestly. He reaches into the right back pocket and skims a note from the wad there and hands it to her:
‘Thank you for helping me today.’
She looks at the brown note, eyes widening – she may never have seen one before. Her father does hurry over, but he is not going to let his pride get in their way, saying to the girl:
‘Tell your father that I am grateful for letting you help me. Tell him that I am expressing my thanks for what you have done for me.’
It works. The father does smile for him and bows his head slightly in acknowledgement:
‘Tell him also that he should be proud to have such an kind, intelligent daughter.’
The daughter tells her father some version of this, folding the banknote carefully and placing it in the top pocket of her jacket, buttoning that pocket down with equal care afterwards.
 
The car is gone, family all sitting erect, the car chugging at a steady speed. Now he has the whole postcard world to himself. Or had. The woman is just over to the right, at the rail. She’s wearing some kind of tight white gown, like the slip women sometimes wear under more formal dresses. She says:
‘It was like a thunderclap. Bernard. They didn’t know what they were doing. They believed it worked, but it didn’t. In your modern terms it was like a reset, a factory reset. But of course at that time they didn’t have the kind of perspective available to you now. Look what you can do to stone, Bernard, making it flow like water: your soul so powerful now. They were still on their knees before stones, homes of their gods. And yet – as you yourself recognised today – they knew what was involved. They knew where their true love was, though they had neither the idea or word. How it has been all along. Only in recent generations have you begun to grasp the truth.’
It’s a this point that he loses patience:
‘Christ, can you stop the teaching thing. I don’t need you to tell me what I think. If we are doing something together – which seems to be what this is all about – can we just get on with it. Look at Bertiné, see how she got her side sorted out without all this fuss.’
She seems not at all fazed by his outburst, just walking slowly towards him, hips rolling in a way that reminds him of Bertiné. He wonders if she is imitating her, like she can only appear to him like this by copying some living woman or other:
‘What you need to understand here, Bernard, is that what your companion can achieve will only bring her to your level – which she herself understood. What we are doing is part of the final mystery. We will be utterly changed.’
 And of course that gives him pause. He simply blanks out the second part of what she has said and focusses instead on the first part:
‘Yes, I know about Bertiné. My point is that they just got it done. No fuss. No chat.’
This is the first time he has felt this: he wants to get away from her now. He wants to get back in the car and drive and think about what has been lost.
And she senses this:
‘Go then. But it will happen now, Bernard. You can thank your companion for that. Thank her for her true heart.’
He is suddenly furious:
‘Don’t patronise her. What courage do you need? You don’t remember what it is like to be incarnated as a woman.’
He shakes his head: what has he just said?
She replies without any emphasis at all:
‘Don’t I? It has taken us ten incarnations to achieve what we have now, Bernard. We both suffered, you as man, and me as woman. But look at us now: the music almost there in you as that sapphire water. I agree that you do not need to understand, but I want you to understand. Bernard, if you can make stone flow, then you can turn this wretched universe into music. Do it.’
And she is gone in a flash.
 
It is not now a matter of having lost someone, more that he feels abandoned, left alone to face what is so vast that it appears to him as a vacancy. And in all this, he finds that there is one small matter that he cannot grasp. A simple question: how did it all come to this? He has millions sitting in a bank and here he is lost in the middle of nowhere, feeling he might be broken-hearted for real this time. Miriam left him without a future, but he fears Bertiné has left him without a life. No, he’s not kidding himself here. He’s not thinking of the girl in a brandy-bar throwing enticing shapes that did seduce him. No, he’s thinking of the more complex woman he came to know at the end. The person who could ask for a sketch of sapphires in place of the – expensive – real thing. And look at what happened. He misses that woman, that wise insightful woman, who could look right down into his soul. He accepts that she was apart from him at the end, how she appeared all the time as though he had just seen her across a room for the first time. How she seemed always to be just coming into view.
And that is the image he holds to as he drives along this twisting road that seems to be crossing some kind of complex upland that is never a mountain or a valley. Yes, he hits a tiny village about midday and can stop to eat. The people there look at him as though he has come from another planet. A stolid people, herding goats and a skinny kind of sheep, everyone wrapped up even though the sun beams them ample heat. But the food is surprisingly pleasant: chewy bread, dry cheese and a lot of cherries, the water with a distinctive quality, probably because it is straight from a well. It’s indicative of something that they cannot find change for the brown banknote, so he just smiles, waves his hand and drops another note, sweeping his hand about the whole village and miming drinking.
The café owner and his wife come to the door to see him off, he gone in a trail of dust back onto that never-ending road. Even so, he is cheered for a good while afterwards, happy to have experienced such simplicity while knowing that he could easily corrupt such innocence. And then slowly does memory return: the idea of coming into view haunting him. He’s back at those first moments with her again, as though they still mark a turning point in his life. Her blouse had been loose on her, how that emphasised the thrust of her breasts before she had them graze his chest as they danced together. It’s not sex he is thinking of, more like the notion of invitation. Yes, invitation to a life. That’s it: what he has been trying to get at. And now he can see the end, how he saw her in terms of…
He sees that he has miscalculated this bend: judging by the contour the road should have straightened, instead it continues to bend left. The car runs up against the bank. He hears the crack as the front onside wheel snaps and feels the car drag about, tires scratching the gravelly surface. Then all is quiet.
Strictly middle of nowhere, not a car in sight, evening coming on. No signal for his phone, no data for the GPS app. Another new country in the middle of nowhere. He gets out of the car using the off-side door. Walks back and forward on the road for a while to work off the tension. The silence is a definite weight on him. Only the slight soughing of wind now and then. Evening coming on, the air cooling already. He has no idea what altitude he is at, so no idea how cold it might get at night. He walks up and down the road some more, now intent on keeping warm before he begins to feel cold. This kind of thing is beyond his experience: the last worst thing like this was missing a train one evening, so that he has to sit for five hours in a draughty waiting room until another one came in the middle of the night. There had been a coffee machine, a sandwich machine, a porter who came by every so often for a little chat. This is not that kind of fuck-up: this is a middle of nowhere in a unknown country up high where it might get cold or even very cold, where he has no food or drink, and doesn’t even have a jacket, kind of fuck-up.
In other words, this is a real fuck-up.
Of course, having admitted this, what happens but this van comes along, headlights already on so that his forlorn figure beside a wrecked car is very visible. He does raise his arm just in case, but the van is already slowing down and drawing in towards the side of the road just short of where he is standing. A man gets out of the van and speaks in a raised voice. He says by way of reply:
‘I’m sorry. I don’t speak your language.’
The man nods, then reaches through the window back into the van. He then comes forward slowly, his arms hanging loosely by his sides. There is a quality in the man that makes him suddenly wary, sensing that this man lives in a very different world from himself and almost all of the people he has ever met. His instinct is to step forward very deliberately with his right hand extended, saying as he does:
‘Hello.’
The man continues approaching him, his eyes shooting from him to the wrecked car and back again, then the man takes his hand and shakes it with an enviable firmness, the handshake of a man who knows himself. This might otherwise have fazed him – bringing the full range of his own self-doubts to the surface – but he finds instead that he is quite steady with him, almost as though they do share an equality of some kind. He mimes car on bend then hitting bank and – pointing – flicks his open hand to indicate the breakage. The man grasps this immediately, going on past him to approach the car. One quick push against the off-side front of the car confirms the account.
Now he sets about making his requests. First he hooks his forefinger to indicate towing, then takes out his phone and flips it about to show that there is no signal, then finally he pillows his head to indicate rest, i.e. access to an hotel for the night.
The man takes all this in quickly, signals that he should collect his belongings from the car and come with him. He fetches out the two overnight bags from the back seat and his canvas bag from the front, then follows the man back to the van. He’s momentarily taken aback to find that the van is not quite what he expected. It is somewhat larger than it seemed, and has a rugged appearance, the tyres heavily treaded for off-road use. In fact, it has a military feel to it, the body more raised than usual, indicating both heavier springs and a 4x4 transmission. The man has indicated the off-side door – on the right hand side on this vehicle – while he himself opens the other door and climbs in. There is an odour about the van that is new to him, and yet he knows by some instinct that he is smelling blood, as though his own blood calls out to this other blood. The door is heavier than might be expected, though it does swing open very easily. Even before he has lifted the bags in he notices two things: one there is a heavy rifle with a sight resting on a steel cradle at the back of the cab, and there is a pistol nestling on the seat beside the driver. He puts the bags on what he sees is a continuous bench seat, pushing them over towards the driver. He then climbs in himself.
The driver has been watching him, obviously noting his responses to what he is discovering, but waits until he is sitting in and has closed the door before running through what is a list of words. It is only when he hears jaeger that he understand and can ask:
‘Sind Sie ein jaeger?’
The man nods, suddenly animated, and reaches across again – this time impulsively – to shake his hand, the grip this time more than firm.
Relief. Only now does he stop to think of things like bandit country and terrorists. Was he afraid? Well, he has just learned that there is another state – either beyond or preceding fear, he doesn’t know which – which is much like how the rabbit feels caught in the headlights of a fast approaching car. He thinks sardonically – already embarrassed by what he sees now as his own funk – that it is probably the best way to die.
Anyway, the man has just put the pistol away in the glove compartment – hefting it first in his sight by way of apology – and has started the engine up. Definitely ex-military, the engine has a hi-spec growl, and the gearing he now sees runs to five forward and two reverse. He smiles to himself: he actually likes the van, a real go-anywhere vehicle. The man has caught the change in his mood and he looks over quickly even as he slips into first gear. So he points down towards the engine, the van generally, and asks:
‘Militaer?’
The man nods emphatically, miming with his right hand going up and going down, rocking the hand to indicate broken terrain. And he nods in reply, smiling openly:
‘Gut. Sehr gut.’
So he may not be a hunter out in this wild country, but he certainly likes the kind of vehicle that is used.
The evening is gathering in now, the sun already gone behind a high ridge westwards, and the van’s lights are beginning to take shape ahead of them. The man drives in a steady way, hardly moving, a kind of habitual focus there. He would really like to talk to the man, to see more of him, as it were. He knows he would end up coming across like a tourist trying to be interesting while asking dumb questions. But yet there is some quality in the man that he finds more than just interesting. If there is an art in hunting animals to death – leaving aside the blood-price here, which he thinks does exist – then it has some affinity to his own attempts to penetrate the world outside himself using crayons and pencils. He is watching the road ahead unfold before him – knowing this land is familiar to the driver – while he is thinking this. He even goes so far into the abstract to pose himself the question: what is it like to kill a living creature? It is not a question he would ask, but it is a question he would certainly like to have answered. And speculating thus, he finds himself with an answer: the killer gives up something of himself by way of balance. Karma. He remembers talk about karma: by the kind of people who will believe anything spiritual providing it doesn’t involve sin, good old Christian sin. But there must be a balance. Why? The universe persists, what other reason would you want?
And yet: he steals a glance over at the man, as though he might see how the balance works here. The man’s sense are keen, for he glances back at him, smiles a soft smile and says just one word:
‘Blut.’
What does he do? He nods. He understands the man, yet he hasn’t a clue what it is he understands.
Now the man gestures with the forefinger of his right hand, slowing the van down as he searches along the other side of the road, then swings it across onto a narrow track between tall conifers. The van bumps along the track, the springs hard, but the man can twist the vehicle from time to time to avoid the worst. Then, quite suddenly, the headlights spring forward into a clearing among the trees and shine upon a two storey cottage. The man tips the horn once as he swings about to the side of the building, he catching sight of two children racing out the front door of the cottage before the van comes to rest facing an earthen bank.
The man switches off the engine, turns to him and raises his hands, palms up, as much as to say: this is how it is. The voices are pitched loud, so that he hears what might be:
‘Tatko! Tatko! Tatko!’
Two girls, and shouting in perfect unison.
He shakes his head for the man, sharing his own delight at the infectious joy of the children. He can see that the man is relieved and pleased that he can accept the presence of young children. The last act of the man as he eases himself down onto the ground to await the avalanche of his daughters, is to indicate that he should take his belongings and follow him.
And he follows at a distance, the girls on either side of their father, each with a hand to hold, a warmth rising in him that is like a cleanser that – for now at least – washes away a variety of pains, a gamut of doubts and misgivings. Yet he is still himself to the extent that he can ask if he would be satisfied with the man’s situation. And even as he realises that he would not, he knows that the man is more than just the father of these loving children, and more in the way that the more in himself generates his reservation. He is surprised to learn only now in his twenty-six years of life, that the man’s love for his children might be for him the most demanding task he faces, and might ever face.
Has he ever felt admiration for another person before? If he has, it was nothing like what he feels for this man, now that he knows so much about him.
 
He pauses at the open porch door, uncertain what the custom might be here. He can sees shoes and boots lining the wall of the porch, can see through the open front door into the softly lit main room, can see the man let go the hands of his daughters and lean forward to the left and appear to kiss some object there. What will he do with the two handfuls of luggage? Is he to wait here until a taxi comes to take him to the nearest town? Wait inside in the comfort of their home?
A woman approaches the front door, partly shaded from the light in the room, her head in any case turned to the left – no doubt towards the man. Then she turns and looks at him, the makings of a welcoming smile coming into her face. He catches his breath. A question he had often considered was this: what is the difference between beauty and loveliness? If you believe dictionaries, then you’d say there is none. But he does have a strong sense of beauty – to be expected, given his vocation – and has always felt that there was a difference. Looking at this woman’s face he can see the difference so clearly. This woman is not beautiful, but she is so lovely to look at. He would make the distinction now in this way. Beauty draws you out of yourself – probably why beauty is considered the main source of desire – while loveliness is more like a steady state. The woman’s face reminds him of a lake he once saw. It was summer time, a day with high thin cloud and hazy sunlight. There was almost no wind. The surface of the lake was almost completely still, a pale sheen on the water glinting randomly here and there. It was like an enormous jewel, a living opalescent stone. He had sat on the side of the hill for a long time, just lost in contemplation.
The woman says something, gesturing with her right hand that he should come in. She knows how he is responding to her – recognising that he is that kind of man – and is kind enough not to interfere with his gaze. She helps him by taking the overnight bags, so he can pull his shoes off and put them in line. Then she leads him into the room. It is larger than might be expected from outside, separated informally into various areas: cooking area away to the right, eating area then to its left, forward of this is a seating area, and finally, to the right of the entrance, there is a kind of play area for the children, with an open stairway to the upper floor at the back of this area. The curtains on the several windows are already drawn against the encroaching night.
The first thing he does, a reflex he can’t control, is look left to see what the man had kissed – he knew it had not been this woman, if only because he had not raised his hands to touch her. Sure enough, there is a kind of screen just inside the front door, upon which hangs what seems to be a fairly old painting. He turns to the woman and asks:
‘Icon?’
She nods and tells him:
‘Sveti Maikul.’
Yes, he sees that immediately: the armour and the sword:
‘The Archangel Michael?’
She is very pleased that he recognises the figure, pressing her hands together in a very innocent expression. Now she leads him towards the eating area and points to the chair at the end of the table, while she heads back to the cooking area. The man and the girls are upstairs – he can hear the odd muffled cry, the dull thud of bare feet. He is surprised by how the man protects himself. Asked, he could have speculated – given the culture – that an image of Mary and Jesus might have been more likely, as much for the popularity of the image as for its redeeming quality. It is obvious that the man does not seek forgiveness for the blood-guilt. Yet he finds it hard to see the role of the dragon-slayer here, unless he sees blood-letting itself a redeeming act.
The girls appear first, now dressed in matching dresses and petticoats, colourful thick wool socks on their feet. Their fair hair has been brushed out till it shines in the low light. It’s curious what they do. He had expected them to climb up the table, but instead they go and stand over in the kitchen area, standing side by side but with the younger girl slightly back and behind her sister. They are of an age now – the older about nine or ten, her sister seven or eight – to be self-conscious in the presence of strangers, especially of an alert man. They stand there just looking at him, as though waiting for him to do something.
Then he has it, suddenly seeing what is happening. He spies his bag over in the sitting area, dives across and scoops out pad and crayons. He attracts the woman’s attention and indicates the pad then the girls. The woman addresses the children, they nod vigorously, so the woman nods also. But how did the children know? Had they poked in his bag? Does he look like an artist? Does it matter? He wants to do it anyway, but would never have had the nerve to suggest it.
So, the girls adopt their best pose, which he tones down with a gesture of his hand: he wants two girls in a cottage in the middle of a forest in the middle of nowhere, not two suburban pre-teens on the make. Sketching is easy at first: creating a background and floor, placing feet and building anatomies. Then the clothing, outlining here only, leaving the question of colour and shading to the end. Then features and hair. He uses the eyes trick he has learned: here a kind of experiment, to see how this innocent audience will respond to what appears at first sight to be a distortion. He can easily amend the eyes if need be. Then it is the colouring of the dresses. He can feel the colour temptation rising in him, his eyes already darting over the array of crayons. The actual dresses themselves are composed of a gauzy material dyed a pale yellow, while the underlying petticoats are of a slightly off-white cotton. It is the interplay of this underlying colour with that of the dress itself that intrigues him. He has already worked some blue into the abstract background he has created, and he is itching now to echo that in the dress. But he is being pulled in two directions for some reason. It’s only when he looks up at this point at the two girls themselves that he realises what’s going on.  He’s obvious still in some kind of blue phase – carrying echoes of the woman and that blue dress of hers, her skin glowing – but the girls, the younger girl especially, are in a yellow phase. Who wins? Who is right: the model or the artist? Tonight – a guest in the middle of nowhere – the models win out.
Finished, he holds it up. The younger daughter comes over and takes a look. She shakes her head and reaches to take his hand and lead him over to her sister. She points out the tiny mole on her face, just blow her left eye. So back he goes, the younger daughter in his wake, and puts in this mole – using the dark blue crayon.
The younger girl accepts this compromise. Her sister comes over now and claps her hands in delight. He pulls the sheet from the pad and gives it to them. Now it will have to get their parents’ approval: he aware that what for him and his culture is just some more image-making, may here seem a kind of deceit, at least, or just a vanity to be resisted. They show it to their mother over at the cooker. She seems surprised more than anything else – looking over at him as though seeing a different person now – but she does relent under pressure from the girls. And now they go and wait at the bottom of the stairs, standing side by side, this time with the younger girl standing slightly forward of her sister.
Now there is an edge in the room for him. If he had any sense, he would have sat quietly at the table and awaited the family gathering for their evening meal. But no: why did he draw the children? So many dangerous angles here. He had already seen the sacrifice of the man on behalf of his children: has he transgressed on this – in effect reaching into the very soul of the man, where life and death reside, one outbidding the other. He is a man of blood – said so himself – does he think his children balance all that murder?
Now the man comes down the stairs. Gone are the dark clothes of the hunter and in their place bright casuals suitable for family down-time. The younger girl is holding the drawing, already moving forward even as he reaches the bottom of the stairs. He sees how – young as she is – she knows her father already, standing firmly in his path, the sheet of cartridge paper held out to him. He takes it from her, looks at it, then looks over at him seated at the table, then hunkers down to listen to his daughter’s hard sell. If he needs a sign of what is happening, it is given when the woman turns away from the counter where she is slicing fruit and speaks to her husband. He sees the man shaking his head, the older girl stepping back, the woman letting her arms drop limply by her sides. He knows the man wants to speak to him, but hasn’t the words he needs. Instead he comes across the room towards him, the drawing held forward in his right hand, the girls trailing behind, the woman following him with her eyes.
He sees that the man is truly conflicted, struggling between his own inclination and the obvious wishes of his women-folk. He understands how the man can live with himself if he can keep his life away from the generality of the world. The drawing is like a door that punches into that exclusion, with goodness knows what else to break in after it. He can sympathise with the man, but he is moved more by the appeal of the woman and her daughters. No, not because they are females, with all the ambiguity that implies, but because they are innocent of blood-guilt. They have a right to access the larger world of mankind. But even so, he has sympathy for the man, and the best he can manage for him – hoping that at least his German is better this time:
‘Es wird ein erinnerung sein.’
The man does pause, but he cannot tell if any of the words have meaning for him. He tries again, this time miming the girls growing up then indicating the drawing and pushing slowly away with both his hands to indicate the past. It takes the man all of two seconds to grasp something of what he is trying to say. Now he does what he might perhaps have done earlier if he had not been set upon by his younger daughter. He takes time to look at the drawing. And while he is doing this, his wife comes across, she peering forward as though to catch a glimpse as soon as she can. The longer the man studies the drawing, the more encouraged are his daughters, so that they finally come forward too, the younger daughter pulling at his arm to get him to lower the drawing so she can see.
It’s obvious that the woman is pleased with what she sees, reaching to point at the dresses. But the man suddenly looks up at him, turns the draw around so he can see and points at the children’s eyes, at the evident distortion. Is he ready for this? No, but what he does is gesture: raising his hands up to his own eyes, fingers closed loosely at their tips, then springs his hand out, spreading his fingers as he does. The man looks sharply down at his daughters, one by one, and sees how a kind of light does spring from their eyes at the sight of his attention to them. He sees that the man is evidently moved by this experience. He shows his wife the drawing, pointing to the eyes and then pointing down to their children, how their eyes dance in their heads in the company of their beloved parents.
The man now gives the drawing to his daughters and turns to him, his hand held out, saying:
‘Dank. Vielen Dank.’
It’s not that he feels humbled by the man’s effusive thanks, it’s that he is a bit in awe of himself, that he can provide such happiness to others, especially genuine people like this family.
 
The anti-climax at meal-time is to be expected. The family is not used to excitement – and obviously don’t seek it – and he is back trying to remember a woman who is rapidly becoming a stranger in his memory of her. There is also an element of self-consciousness on both sides, no-one here used to social exposure. He might have grown up in a city, but his social experience is very limited, school friends then college, perhaps a greater range of experience then but still very limited. He cannot do formality at all, all the time at this table wanting to quip or prompt a response from the others, but communication is impossible – he doesn’t even know what language they speak. And he can see that the family is used only to its own company, visitors at most would be members of their extended families. So he eats slowly and steadily, eyes down for the most part, the family likewise, though the girls do pass remarks from time to time, but receive monosyllabic replies from their parents.
Afterwards, the man gives him a shot of what is obviously vodka. He’s not a spirits man, but he follows the man is knocking it back in one gulp. Then the man signals him to follow and head towards a door at the back of the kitchen area. They have just reached it when there is a call at their backs, the children running up to them. The girls stand very erect and recite in unison what is obviously thanks for the drawing. He accepts this with good grace and only then remembers what else he had planned. He slips a note from the wad in his right back pocket and holds it out to them all, miming a frame for the drawing so that it can be hung from the wall of the girls’ bedroom. The man at first is hesitant but the girls are keen, so he accepts it with good grace. It might be spontaneous or part of the farewell ceremony, but each of the girls comes forward to kiss him on the cheek, above his beard. He is touched by this – again he has almost no experience of children and how they can work charm on adults – and he watches them walk away across the room towards the stairs, watching them as though they are walking away into their lives and whatever is in store for them.
 
He only appreciates the structure of the man’s hunting life when he sees his small office in the barn-like building out behind the house. First there is a large map on the wall, an area ringed in red. This is his domain, where he has closely defined hunting rights. He sees the list of animals he can hunt: deer mainly, but also wolf, bear and boar. It’s obvious that his work is part preservation, part culling, part the supply of meat and hides. And the weapons: three rifles on individual racks, telescopic sights of various kinds, and in a locked cabinet, a range of ammunition, together with two pistols in holsters. And out in the shed itself there are large freezers, hooks for carcases – two deer, shot that day, hanging there, awaiting butchering – and drying frames for the hides. So it is business, a rational enterprise that is concerned to maintain a balance with nature. All this is fine, but the idea of blood-guilt still haunts him, so much so that at the end he says softly – allowing the man to ignore it should he wish:
‘Blut?’
The man nods, takes him by the elbow and leads him out a far door, out under trees. He leads him just a few metres to a rock, a perfectly ordinary rock, except that he can see – in the twilight glow – that the surface of the rock is very smooth, unusual for bared mountain rock. The man lays both his hands flat on the rock, then invite him to do the same. He could be imagining the flow, perhaps a static charge built up in the warm dry atmosphere of the house. But then it could be something else: it could be one of the gods his fantasy-woman had referred to back at Lover’s Leap. Why not, he thinks, he’s far enough out on a limb by now.
 
There are two policemen seated side by side on the family sofa when they get back to the house. The two policemen are waiting for him. He keeps on walking into the room, walking towards the seated policemen. The man remains at his side, pacing along with him. He accepts that it might be a requirement in this country that such a situation as his would need to be reported to the authorities. Even so, he does appreciate the fact that the man remains at his side, even when he has reached the now standing policemen. One policeman is young and tall, the other squat, old and obviously overweight – see how he is constantly lifting the gun pulling at his soft gut. It is the older policeman who thrusts out his hand and speaks. He shrugs and says:
‘I don’t understand you.’
The man at his side speaks now, speaking at length to explain the situation. The policeman seems satisfied with his explanation, nonetheless his hand is out again and he is now apparently asking for something from him. Well, this could only be his passport. He grabs his canvas bag from behind the armchair and digs it out. The policemen studies it closely, comparing him with the not-very-good photo. Then the policemen goes to shove the passport into a pocket, but he immediately thrusts his hand out, flexing his fingers in case he is not understood. The policeman hesitates, then hands it across to him.
It’s the younger policeman who now speaks, pointing over at the front door. He understands this, but the man at his side explains, pointing too:
‘Musst mit ihnen gehen.’
He nods:
‘Verstehe. Aber danke.’
The man steps forward to accompany the two policemen as they lead the way out of the house, while he is collecting the bags. He turns then to go, but finds the woman standing there, her silent eyes seeking out his eyes. She puts her two hands together in what is a gesture of request. He lowers the bag and steps forward. She turns and points towards the kitchen table, where he see the drawing – no doubt put there by the woman. She mimes signing. He reaches into his bag and fetches out the box of pencils. He goes over and marks his initials and year under the drawing, using the dark blue pencil. Then he signs his full name on the back. On the spur of the moment – though aware that the authorities are waiting to take him away – he wants the girl’s names. he asks:
‘Ihre namen?’
But she doesn’t understand. So he lists names until she catches on. What she does then is write out the names on the table-top, and he copies her exactly. The characters are Cyrillic, most of which he does not recognise. So he points to what he has written and she tells him:
‘Sofiya, Mariya.’
He smiles, thinking what perfect names they have under the circumstances. Now the man is at the front door, calling softly:
‘Bitte.’
He lays his forefinger on each name and nods to her, then touched her nearside elbow and whispers:
‘Good luck.’
 Then it's across to pick up the bags again, a last look around, and then it is out into the night. The two policemen are already ensconced in their jeep-like vehicle, the older one seemingly dozing in the passenger seat. He is not looking forward to saying goodbye to the man, and given how close the man is walking beside him, the feeling seems to be mutual. First he stows the bags on the back seat, pushing them in, then he turns very slowly, now uncertain of what to do. Only now does he recognise that he has never been so close to another man before, even without the language and cultural differences. The man is looking at him searchingly – exactly as his wife had done – his two hands held towards him, he obviously as uncertain of protocol here as he is. He tries this:
‘Gute Freundschaft. Dank. Vielen Dank.’
The man nods emphatically, then reaches and takes him by the shoulders and draws him into an embrace, holding him across his shoulders tightly for several seconds. He has managed to hold the man’s sides for a second or so before this embrace is broken. The man now looks at him, moisture in his eyes:
‘Geh gut, mein guter freund. Geh mit Gott.’
It’s clumsy how he turns away, sincerity difficult for him, and the best he can do once seated is to smile, his eyes memorising the face he sees there: the hunter with a stone god to absorb his blood-guilt.
 
He has never been in a police station, so he cannot tell what standard obtains here. But one thing is clear to him: the informality is unusual. There is an enclosed office, a policeman seated at a window – who does look at him when they enter, but who looks away almost at once – and the two policeman take him into a room down a short corridor, where there are table and chairs, a bench with a hot-water urn and a filter coffee machine, a partly filled flask sitting there. There are even a couple of obviously off-duty policemen lounging at a table at the back. Here the younger policeman flicks his fingers in some way at him and leaves this room. The older policeman now points to a chair at a nearby table, obviously inviting him to sit down. He then goes across to the bench and points to the coffee. He nods: good idea. So he gets a large mug of this filter coffee and a chocolate bar of some kind, which the policeman had taken from a drawer under the bench. Then he too leaves the room.
It is so quiet. Even the murmur of the two men at the back does not intrude on his sense of this silence. He realises with a shock that the woman had left him less than twenty four hours ago, yet it feels as though a lifetime has passed, as though he has lived in another age for a long time. And in case he might want to doubt this – in the interest of his habitual rationality – he sees the room he left less than two hours ago, sees the two girls standing looking at him, sees the woman’s gentle quiet eyes looking at him, sees the man’s hunter’s eyes looking at him. And all he can think is that maybe he let them down in some way, taking more, much more from them than he gave in return. And it is that question that plays on his mind – stoking a kind of guilt he has never experienced before – what does he have that he could give people like that? Shallow tricks with coloured sticks? Throwing his cheap money around – cheap because he has not worked for it, damaged his soul for it to give it the only real value it could have. Except with the man, seeing how he could reach into his soul in some kind of honest way, asking what might be the only question you can ever ask a man: how do you live with yourself?
And then he sees how everything else there followed on that enquiry. How the man’s daughters showed him his own value: his own capacity for an innocent kindness that he is almost ashamed of. And how he stood before that lovely woman as though before a benign ikon, patiently awaiting the gift of her gentle smile. And even thinking these thoughts, he knows he will never go back there again. Even if he could, he will never go back to this day again: the whole day like a once-in-a-lifetime gift.
Then a well-dressed man about his own age walks into the room and says to him:
‘Hello, you are Bernard, Bernard Gilmartin?’
He jumps up, shocked to hear English spoken, then shocked again to hear his name spoken. The man smiles, nodding:
‘Yes. Obviously you are.’
He thrusts his hand out, holding it steady until he has recovered enough to take the hand and shake it, all done out of a reflex. The man now says, pointing to the table to indicate they should sit:
‘My name is Pavel. It would be Paul in your culture. You may address me either way, whichever suits you best.’
The distance from his memory of his memorable day to sitting in this utilitarian canteen facing this affable stranger is too great to be crossed without some regret. And yet he can say – only knowing why as he speaks:
‘Your English is very good. Where did you study?’
It’s the masonry of graduates: always instant recognition. He doesn’t understand how it works, but it always works. The man is a college-boy, like himself. The man tilts his head up, the familiar gesture that says his degree might be fine in this country but might not look so good in another one, especially one further west. He says:
‘I studied English here at school, but I did a masters in Bristol University. Diplomacy.’
He’s tilted his head slightly sideways before he can stop himself:
‘Diplomacy?’
The man has the decency to smile:
‘You know, wide ranging.’
‘What’s a diplomat doing here with me? I thought you were a police officer. You know, a lieutenant or captain. Like that.’
The conversation is edging into banter, so the man says, taking a deep breath to signify:
‘No. I am here as an immigration official.’
This does startle him:
‘I thought I could enter this country freely. Aren’t you…’
The man’s hand has gone up fairly quickly:
‘No, no. Please, Bernard. I need only ask you a few questions. And considering the time, I think they can be left till the morning.’
He is brisk now, turning and clicking his fingers at the off-duty policemen at the back of the room. One of them leaps to his feet and hurries over.
‘Now, Bernard, it is too late to arrange hotel accommodation for you, so I propose putting you up in the – well, let’s call it the executive suite, just between you and I, you understand – and I will come by at eight in the morning and take you to breakfast. How does that suit you? There is an excellent little café down along the Square that I’m sure you will like.’
So without further ado, the man signals to the policeman to take the bags and tells him where to go. Then turns to him and says, touching him on the shoulder: 
‘Just follow this man. Sleep well now. And you are not to worry yourself about tomorrow. Everything will be fine, you’ll see.’
There’s a lift, which then rises a surprising number of floors – given that this is a police station in a modest town. It may not be an executive suite, but it is a very comfortable set of rooms. The policeman places the bags in the bedroom, salutes him very civilly, and departs, making sure he closes the door quietly behind him.
Time is after two. He’s crashed, the day behind him like the day-long adventure film it was. It seems impossible that he had completely bombed-out sex with a beautiful young woman only a couple of nights ago, that he has done Lover’s Leap, had a village turn out to say goodbye and as for the hunter and his family – well, he’ll keep all that for another day, when he will have the time to savour all those moments.
 
Sure enough, there is a soft tap on the door at precisely eight o’clock. He at a window, looking out over tiled roofs at the nearby hills, heavily forested and dark, even though the rising sun shines directly upon the trees. The place still feels far away from everywhere else to him, the town below him like an outpost at the edge of a no-man’s land. Of course, he knows this is not true, but it’s just how he feels – like he has gone too far in some undefinable way. The fantasy-woman had said to him in the night:
‘Sooner or later, Bernard, you are going to have to learn to trust. You need to forget yourself and allow everything look after you, as it does anyway. Do you think you could have got yourself out of your mother’s womb without the help of everything else? Who held the nipple for you, got you to say ‘Mah’ that first time, got you to take that first step? Did you think everything was off somewhere else? Everything is everywhere all the time, cannot be anywhere else. And when you run your car off the road, don’t you think everything was there to help you? You mightn’t like the word, fate, or even necessity, but the words don’t matter. Everything is there anyway.’
No, he had nothing to say in reply, only thankful there was not a hot and heavy erection tonight.
So the man helps him with his bags and they take the lift down and saunter together out of the police station, the policeman in the reception window calling a farewell. The café is basking in the early sun, a lot of busy pigeons out in the square, the traffic not very heavy – though very fast and abrupt. Breakfast is fine rolls, a dry soft cheese with what might at home be called strawberry jam, the coffee strong and plentiful.
The coffee would normally give him a lift under these conditions, but this morning it just drills a hole in the back of his head and creates a tension across his brow. The man’s questions don’t help at all:
‘You had a young female companion travelling with you until yesterday morning. What happened to her?’
 He’s not sure at first how to answer: the question could be personal or it could be official in a disquieting way. So he says, honestly enough:
‘She wasn’t there when I woke up. I assume she decided to leave during the night.’
‘Was it part of the arrangement you had with her that she could leave when she wished? Even in the middle of the night?’
‘Yes. That was the understanding.’
‘And it didn’t strike you as strange that she would leave under the circumstances? My understanding is – and forgive me for putting it so baldly, Bernard – that she was a paid whore, and that the relationship between you seemed to be very convivial. Reports from the various hotels you stayed in all describe your relationship with the girl as very friendly. Some were in fact surprised to learn that she was being paid to accompany you.’
Now he feels the first stirrings of irritation:
‘Bertiné wasn’t a whore. I admit I thought she was at first, but the basis of our relationship was one of mutual regard. I won’t claim it was love or the like – that wasn’t possible in the circumstances. But we did have a very fruitful relationship, even so.’
The man seems more interested now than an official might be:
‘Why couldn’t you love her? By all accounts she was a very attractive young woman who showed every sign of being very fond of you. What she not good enough, Bernard? Given your circumstances, I mean?’
‘What do you know of my circumstances – as you call it. Have you been investigating me?’
‘No, Bernard. These are routine enquiries. Look, the authorities in another country raised this matter with us, and we are obliged to question you like this and make a report.’
‘Jesus, you people think I killed her. She just walked out of the fucking hotel room in the middle of the night. That’s all I know.’
The man is as agitated now:
‘Bernard, please. We need to clear this matter up. Here’s how it looks. There is a report that you gave a large sum of money to another young woman. This woman then got the idea that you wanted to start a relationship with her. It seems that she followed you and was asking about you in the town in which your companion disappeared. The police there now suspect you murdered the first woman in order to take up with the second woman.’
He stands up. He’s looking across the Square at a large ornate building. He has always placed this limit on his life: if the shit that can happen ever went beyond a certain level, he would just off himself. That was his basic rule of life.
This was such a moment. It was so stupid, that he could not bring himself to bother even trying to deal with it. Just let him near a bridge over a deep river. A fast car or truck if necessary, though he did not want anyone to have to suffer for his death.
The man is standing up beside him, a hand holding his elbow, saying:
‘Bad as this comedy seems, Bernard, it is not worth death.’
He turns to look at the man:
‘You don’t understand the situation. You couldn’t. Do you understand that? I am now in a position where I can just walk out of this life. And just so you know this – though you won’t understand – Bertiné can do precisely the same. So, fuck you all.’
He walks away going along the Square. It they want him, they will have to arrest him: otherwise, he’s going to look for a bridge. Beyond the Square there is a shopping area surrounding a small department store, stiff clothes on stiff models in a window, with quiet furniture in another. Then it’s a residential area and he can see already the edge of town, a speed limit among the signage. No river that he can see. Has to be the other side of town.
A large car pulls up beside him, and the man is leaning across the seat to tell him to get in. He thinks at once of the luggage, seeing it across the back seat even as he thinks about it. Pulling the door open, he slides in even as the car moves forward, the door slamming shut with a solid thunk. The man says, eyes ahead on the road as the car runs up through the gears:
‘Not a word, Bernard, for now. We must get away from here pretty fast. You should rest.’
That film has started up again – an escape and maybe a chase sequence this time. Perhaps, but he finds all he can think of is Bertiné out on the road somewhere herself. She might be resourceful, but she is still a desirable young woman far from home. Why didn’t she confide in him? He wouldn’t have stopped her going if that is what she wanted, but he really wished he knew what she had planned.
 
It’s the man saying:
‘We can stop here for lunch, Bernard. That was a small breakfast we had this morning.’
He’s fuzzy. Must have slept. He is surprised he managed it, but he does feel better for it. This is more a village than a town that they are entering, a wagon being hauled by two strong horses leaving on the other side of the road. He asks:
‘Are we safe?’
The man laughs:
‘Oh that. Sorry for the melodrama. We have a long drive ahead of us. But, also, Bernard, I was afraid you were going to throw yourself under the first likely truck that came along. I realise now I should not have brought up the matter of that other woman. What happened there? I’m curious.’
The car is parked nose into the pavement, just outside a café, the man already getting out. He follows, telling him:
‘The previous night. A village inn – or whatever they are called hereabouts. A young woman working there, who was on her way sometime to Istanbul to meet up with a man she had met in Berlin. She wanted to come with us, but that wasn’t on. I gave her some money to help her on her way. That’s all. She was pretty and all that, but – well, you know, just ordinary.’
‘Not like Albertine?’
‘Albertine? Have you checked on her too?’
The man has ordered a substantial lunch, even a bottle of white wine. They are sitting opposite each other within the café, over towards the back, which is quieter. He is beginning to feel more relaxed in his company, the man looking less like a government official and more like a well-to-do young man on a journey with a friend.
‘Tell me something about her, Bernard. I’m curious. It’s obvious by now that you did like each other, quite a lot I suspect.’
The wine will make him mellow. It does, sweetish, chilled just right for a warm sunny day in a far-away country. He looks a long while at the man, savouring something about a quality he has: as though he is performing a service he values, for someone he values. He says spontaneously, the wine, of course, but he is also recognising that the journey he began yesterday at Lover’s Leap has now resumed:
‘You are capable of trust, Pavel. I’m not. I admire that capacity in you. As for Bertiné, I’ll tell you one thing about her. I think that should be enough. I had just come off the ferry and had stopped in a roadside bar for a brandy. This girl approached me and asked me to dance with her. One of the first things I learned was that her life would be such that her death would be worthwhile. I didn’t at the time think it was a strange thought to have about a stranger, especially one who seemed a sixteen year old prostitute, who would probably end up over-dosed before she was twenty.’
The man is eating steadily, a tasty salad to accompany a salt fish, head down. He himself is drinking more wine than eating food, consumed by a warm emotion, now that he can talk about her to someone. He feels it would be a blessed relief if he could cry now. And even as he thinks this, he sees her in that blue dress, the shape of her slender legs, the flat sandals she wore. He says, unable to stop himself:
‘She didn’t have to go, Pavel. I could take care of her, no matter what the situation was.’
And the tears flow, and in the ease he finds he can eat now, suddenly ravenously hungry. The man is looking at him, seeing the tears streaming from his eyes even as he eats:
‘You may not be able to trust, Bernard, but you can most certainly be loyal. Is there a real difference, do you think?’
Is he drunk or is he wise? He says quietly, once he has swallowed and cleared his mouth:
‘Yes, there is. Being loyal is like being here. Trust is more like the other being somewhere else. I’m not waiting for Bertiné, Pavel, but I will always be here for her.’
The man is nodding, wiping his mouth carefully with a white napkin, reaching then for his wineglass:
‘A nice distinction. I must remember that. But not love, then? Romantic or otherwise?’
‘No. We both regretted that we couldn’t love each other. That would have made matters easier, I think.’
The man can nod to that:
‘That I do understand. Do you want to explain why you could not love?’
He grimaces slightly:
‘No. Sorry, Pavel. We should let that topic go now, I think.’
The man nods agreeably, then gets up from the table, heading over to the cashier over by the door:
‘Come, my friend, let us continue our journey.’
 
They spend the afternoon on a road that seems to follow valley after valley, valleys that are more like long depressions between ranges of hills, that run from ridge to ridge, another valley following. He sleeps again for a while, sprawled in the ample, comfortable seat. A stop for coffee and a chocolaty confection brings him back to life. He remarks the comfort of the car, which leads to a conversation tempered no doubt by both the caffeine and the cocoa:
‘That’s what you should get yourself the next time. A 320, mind you. A solid car for long journeys.’
‘What makes you think I could afford something like that? The mid-range Volks did well enough.’
‘Oh, that was fine for that little island you live on. But travelling here needs a real car, Bernard. And I know you can afford it.’
‘I’m not sure I have the nerve for a car like that. You know the story: see a beautiful item that you can afford, but realise you cannot afford the lifestyle that goes with it. I know, I might be able to afford a car like that, but I am not interested in the lifestyle it demands.’
‘I appreciate that, Bernard. What I suggest is that you get the car and let a lifestyle – as you call it – grow around it. Look at how you are living now? Is that the lifestyle you had before you won that lottery?’
‘You know about that?’
‘They did a routine background check. That’s standard procedure.’
‘Fair enough, then. But I wouldn’t call my life now a style. It’s more like I’m running, but whether I’m running away from something or towards it, is not clear.’
‘Something must have happened to set you running, Bernard.’
He nods, but clams up, unhappy again.
 
The evening is closing in before they turn off this long road, heading now up along a shoulder above heavily wooded valleys. His mood seems to have infected the car. What had been comfortable now seems excessive, a feeling that everything is just out of reach. He knows it is a matter of scale: how the scale of the car exceeds his own scale, one he has carried over from his parents, from a long line of secure artisans. This thought prompts him to ask the man – what otherwise might have been an ambiguously weighted question:
‘You are used to the scale of this car?’
The man glances over, obviously he has been expecting a question like this:
‘Scale is a good word, Bernard. This was my father’s car. He died two years ago, too young. Cancer. He smoked too much. We are the kind of family who have had to ride the fortunes of history. Let me tell you. My ancestors once ruled this area. It was a clan structure – something you will be familiar from your own history, yes?  Then the Turks came and broke up that structure. We managed to hold onto land, but it was mostly marginal land, forest and mountain. Hunting ground, not farming. Then the communists came and we lost most of that. But we have standing among the people here, the kind of people who value service over possession, loyalty over legality. My grandfather became an important regional official based on that status. And my father managed to negotiate the transition to what is called democracy. And I am managing to negotiate it now.’
There is silence for a long time, the world about him now changed in a subtle way. He has two lines of thought which he wants to broach:
‘The hunter who was kind to me after I crashed the car?’
The man looks over and nods:
‘Did you understand him?’
This might seems a curious question to ask, but he knows how to answer it:
‘Yes. He showed me when I asked.’
The man nods, very pleased to hear this:
‘And your people, Bernard?’
‘Probably making clothes for people for the last few hundred years, at least, Pavel.’
‘And the difference?’
They are surrounded by forest now, the light ebbing, the car headlights bright on the road. He needs to choose his words carefully now:
‘A matter of disposition, Pavel. Roughly: the landsman depends upon present forces, while the manufacturer looks forward to a coming force. The word force here is clumsy, but the word power would be worse.’
‘And you know both now, don’t you, Bernard?’
He looks over at the man, admiring his persistence, finally pulling together the drift of his questions since they met:
‘And you know about both, Pavel?’
The man smiles.
 
The house is eerily familiar as seen in the lights of the car. It’s bigger, but it is still an old house in a clearing in a forest. 
He’s only inside the door, the man is front carrying her bag, when he asks, some compulsion driving him:
‘How old is this house?’
The man turns and looks at him to ask:
‘Why do you ask?’
‘It’s the flagging. The hunter’s house had some kind of covering on the floor, probably warmer for the children, but I could feel the unevenness. It’s only now that I remember that.’
The man signals that he should come on into the hallway, which he does, closing the heavy door behind him. The flagging fascinates him for a reason he cannot grasp. They are cut as hexagons, a crystalline stone with a reddish grain through it. They could be a hundred years old, they could be older, much older. He says, the man already gone ahead into a room off to the right:
‘They are very beautiful, Pavel.’
There is a woman coming up the hall from somewhere in the back of the house. She tells him in perfect English:
‘They need only be washed. Even the mortar is indestructible.’
The woman is in her forties, he estimates, once lovely but now overweight and drawn. The man is back in the doorway:
‘Mother, this is Bernard Gilmartin, come here at last. Bernard, this is my mother, Helena. She has looked forward to meeting you.’
The woman smiles a greeting, but saying at the same time:
‘We should let our guest rest before dinner. It has been a long journey.’
She turns to look back down the hall, calling:
‘Gretta. Please.’
An older woman appears from the gloom back there, walking slowly with a slight limp. The woman points to him and says:
‘Can you show our friend here to his room. The one at the back, yes? Do you have luggage, Bernard?’
He has one of the bags. He reaches and takes the other from the man, saying:
‘I can manage these.’
He nods to the older woman, so that she can simply turn at the bottom of the stairs and lead him up. The man steps forward to tap him on the shoulder:
‘Rest awhile, Bernard. Gretta will show you everything. I’m going to make some calls. They should clear this matter up once and for all.’
The older woman is slow on the stairs, using the rail to support herself, but she is already at the return by the time he starts up, so that he does not come to feel the drag of the bags for very long. The room is large, the ceiling moulding simple but intricate, the walls papered with a gold and green interlacing pattern. The furniture is old, worked by patient craftsmen, the wood unknown to him but richly lustrous in the pearly light. He remembers what he had said about scale: this room should intimidate him, but instead he feels warm and secure here, sensing that the value here is human, purely human.
He is shown the bathroom, then the toilet, then he is asked – by means of signs – if he has clothes he wants washed. He knows it is a servant that is asking him this question – the servant here invisible when service is offered – and while he sorts through the bags for her, he nonetheless feels a mighty curiosity about the woman herself. Her face is a mask, yet he knows she lives a vital connection in some way. She may be just representing her mistress or master, but it is even so a living representation for her. He wants to smile as he hands her the clothes, but he knows that while he might think he is offering some kind of compensatory kindness, he is merely expressing the fact that he does not belong in this system of service, like he is no more than a piece of chaff blowing through this house over the next day or two.
He bathes afterwards – how long since he last lay out in a bath? – thinking abstractly how strange the idea of service is now. It’s hard for paid-labour to understand the reciprocation involved, believing that service must be as short-changed as labour is. And he can think this, soaking in warm water, while believing that he himself would be incapable of service, yet happy to talk about loyalty, as though it was something different.
 
Lying out on the bed naked – under the cover, the room already chilled up here in the mountains – he has been busy with his fantasy-woman. Not so busy as the apparition herself, listening is usually less demanding than talking:
‘I know you think that philosophy is the last refuge of spoofers with nothing else to do, Bernard, but you will now have to attend to aspects of the kind of problems your philosophers have faced over the millennia. You may ask what I – a being of spirit from your perspective – could know about such mundane problems as being and existence, identity and presence. Well, I can say at once that I know nothing about them, except what I perceive in the flow of your mind. You must remember, Bernard, that while your mind can draw from my intelligence – to the extent that it wishes to – my intelligence can draw fully from your mind. And yes, my dear incarnate man, I do know your most secret thoughts. No, don’t be alarmed, my dear: after all, what can I do about all the silly things that run through your mind night and day? Well, I can sift them for meaning. An example: you have enough money in the bank to feed you for the next thousand years or so, yet you run craven across the face of the earth looking for meaning or something like that. If you have secured tomorrow’s dinner, what else is there to find in life? Don’t you understand yet, my over-educated love, that staying alive is all there is to life? Yes, there is also the matter of knocking up a woman or two – survival of the species – but the core function of life is to stay alive. Fine, I’ve solved that problem for you. Next, I suppose, is doing something with this life that you have. I assume you know that animals are usually content, when fed, to lay about until the next meal time. Human do seem to need to do something when fed, to busy themselves with some activity or other until the next mealtime. The question then is: what is the best thing to do between meals?’
It’s at this point that he hears a low tap on the door of the bedroom:
‘Yes?’
It’s the man:
‘Can you come down when you are ready? Dinner will be served soon.’
‘Sure’
The light down in the hall is filtered through a glass globe decorated with an interweaving of fantasy flowers that play upon the intricate wallpaper and golden-red carpet. The man is in the doorway of the room to the right, signalling that he should come in. He’s relieved to find that the light in this room is no more than a slightly reddened pale yellow, this time filtered through a set of glass prisms, which has the effect of splitting mundane electric light into a subtle phantasmagoria of pastel yellows, reds and violets. The man is very cordial – dressed now in a white turtle-neck jumper and pale slacks – and offers him a glass of wine, saying:
‘A little something before dinner, Bernard. It’s very light, much like the wine we had at lunch – which you seemed to like very much.’
The wine is light, sweetish, chilled. He drinks it, though he really is not in the mood for alcohol. The man invites him to sit in an ample armchair, the old soft leather sighing very gracefully as he sinks down into it. The man sits opposite him and starts:
‘To begin with, Bernard, that matter has been cleared up. Completely. They had the woman – Heloise, yes? – in custody, as an accomplice, apparently, so they could question her in the context of the information you had provided me this morning. I made sure senior people dealt with this. As I understand it, the charges were concocted by two policemen in the hope that you and the woman would want to bribe your way out of it. Yes, that simple, I’m afraid. Bernard, you really have to be carefully about money in this part of the world. So, anyway, you are clear of that problem.’
He is already tipsy – it taking only two mouthfuls of light wine this evening – so he does ask the obvious question, where usually he would play a long game:
‘But why have you brought me all the way here to tell me that? I could have spent the day in a hotel back in that town.’
The man waves his hand, then rises to replenish both their glasses, saying:
‘Oh, there is another matter. It interests my mother. I thought also that you might like a few days away from it all. It’s obvious that you’ve had a hectic time recently.’
The sight of the again-full glass daunts him. He really does not want to drink more wine. There is a coffee table off to one side, so he gets up, lays the glass down there and – to do something – looks around the room.
There is what seems from where he stands and in the low diffused light a line of framed images running along two of the walls. He goes over to the nearest one. The image is slightly larger than the A4 sheet that he has been using, roughly the same length but wide, creating a more generous space. Each image is protected with a non-reflective clear material, but even so the cast of the light in the room is obviously distorting the colour values of the images. He calls across to the man:
‘Is it possible to have clear light, please?’
It is: the man goes to the switches by the door.
The first thing he sees is that the medium is watercolour. Regarded as primarily an English mode of art – the restrained pastel quality said to best represent summer light in the southern counties – he has always disregarded the medium because of the English characteristic focus on objects – rather than light – which reduces that art-form to little more than a painting by numbers exercise. But here the medium has been used for a kind of free expression of colour that chimes with his own instinct, though of course he uses the coarser medium of oil crayon. And yet through the free flow of the brush-strokes he can see how images do form. He can fully appreciate the freedom this painter’s hand enjoys: how the details of the image seem to rise as a kind of aftermath of the sweep of colour-creation. It’s as though one power lays colours in sweeps of the brush across the board and a second power as it were raises the image from this welter of brush-strokes.
He calls across to the man:
‘These are extraordinary, Pavel. Who painted them?’
‘I did.’
The woman is standing in the doorway – the man nowhere in sight – one hand on the door knob, the other lightly touching fingertips to the frame of the painting nearest her. He feels pity at the sight of her. Should he feel this? Yes. Despite the brilliance of her work, this woman long ago lost something far more valuable to her. He can see the absence so clearly in her, the bulge of her stomach against the line of the simple dress, her flaccid breasts, limp hair tied back out of the way, the colourless skin of her legs.
But he will say – knowing at once that everyone loses something sooner or later, no matter what it is:
‘Do you like the work of Caspar David Friedrich?’
And there is a light in her eyes:
‘Yes. It’s as though he can reach back into eternity.’
He walks over towards her:
‘But you can let the painting say itself. Caspar David was meticulous, but he always painted someone else’s images, probably God’s.’
The woman is taken aback by this, obviously not a person to reflect upon her work. But she asks without any hidden agenda:
‘And you, Bernard?’
He waves his hand dismissively:
‘Oh, I have a clumsy hand and I’m too fond of colour to make anything worthwhile.’
She smiles – the first time he has seen her do this – raising her right hand from the doorknob:
‘Don’t be so modest. I have been told that you can make jewels flow like water.’
She continues into his surprise:
‘I had a friend in the restaurant. She saw the necklace.’
Now she pauses, bringing her other hand back to join the right hand at her breast:
‘Perhaps you will show us this evening, Bernard. After dinner?’
 
Here the light has a blue cast, which surprises him, until he sees the amount of what seems to be real gold on the table. Might this be usual in these circles? Why not, what else have they to do with the stuff nowadays in democracies? Sure, he knows he is being defensively glib – even as he also knows that he won’t let himself be impressed.
The table is laid for four, with only the man so far seated. The woman goes around to sit at the far end of the table, while indicating that he should sit at the opposite end. The is a moment of pause, and then a young woman comes into the room and takes the fourth seat. The woman says:
‘May I introduce my daughter, Pavel’s half-sister, Veronika. And this is our guest from a far land, Bernard Gilmartin.’
The young woman almost doesn’t exist: early twenties, slender in a loose yellow dress, light fair hair falling in waves onto her shoulders, eyes a startlingly blue. She smiles, seemingly wan at first, but a sudden warmth, even an interest in him.
The man says quietly:
‘Veronika is home from the college where she is studying theology.’
He now addresses the young woman in another language and she smiles politely and nods, looking at the same time towards him. The man again:
‘She has developed an interest in medieval scholasticism. Albert the Great and Thomas Aquin?’
The young woman recognises the names and nods, looking at him again to judge his response. It’s the woman who speaks now:
‘But she will never be ordained, Bernard. However strongly she prays for it.’
He wonders if it is significant that he finds himself looking at the young woman’s breasts – modest as they are behind the screen of the loose dress. And he wonders then to see how she is fully aware of what he has just done. She speaks to him, and it is the man who translates:
‘It is what all men do, Bernard. The Church says that the woman should feed man’s life, while the priest will feed his everlasting soul.’
He nods at just how apt that is, addressing the man:
‘Can you tell your sister that her Church may not know the full nature of either the man or the woman.’
The man duly translates, and he sees the eyes of the young woman widen. If this was a club somewhere in a sinful city, he would be well on his way with her. A judgement – however vain it might seem – that is confirmed by the young woman’s reply, again translated by the man:
‘The Church is only interested in both men and women to the extent that their God is. All else can be left to demons.’
And he nods to her, smiling as he thinks: then demons it is.
Now Gretta appears with a tray containing the soup course, one plate each. There is a period of silence as they consume the soup. He is surprised that he seems already used to the gold cutlery, gold napkin ring, gold condiments. He really itches to make a witty remark of some kind: how easy it would be to eat dry bread at this table. But he knows that he is being defensive again: seeing money here where there is a bond that contains what money can never contain: death. Thus he sees now that this gold is a bridge, and sees also that he is just a tourist without a permit to cross that bridge.
It’s the woman who speaks once the soup has been consumed, speaking to her daughter, while the man translates for him:
‘Bernard has the art of making even jewels flow like water. Perhaps he will favour you, should you wish it.’
He at once sees the young woman drowning in yellow. And when she looks over at him with a sudden dart, he can see with a curious certainty just how he will make her sapphire eyes come alive. This is a strong vision, and he knows that the experience of it is naked in his face, for the young woman says, the mother translating this time:
‘I would be flattered by your art, Bernard.’
Nothing for it but to get up from the table, go upstairs, dig out the pad, crayons and pencils – sifting through the latter for yellows, white, and blues. Back at the table, he finds that the main course has been laid out: a dark meat, vegetables, bread. and a thick gravy. The young woman sits patiently as he sketches, following the indications of his left hand closely. And as usual, deliberate anatomy is soon buried under colour: white skin textured with pale yellow, dress white underlay, a layer of mid yellow, a top sheen of white, a slight blue shading to emboss her bosom. Then the eyes: whites brilliant white, the blue orbs appearing only to be lost in a welter of pencil strokes, using all four blues available. Finally, he asks the woman is she has a carmine lipstick. This is brought and applied. He hands the pad to the young woman and sets to eating, sudden hearty appetite, even reaching for the heavy red wine.
Silence, they all eating now, the pad lying open between the woman and her daughter, both glancing continually at it, now and again looking up at him, as though they will find the clues they need there. The man, for his part, is eating steadily, eyes down, aware that for the moment he is outside the loop.
It at the end of this course that it is the woman – no doubt as senior person here – who asks him:
‘Picasso?’
He sees it as once, and answers:
‘Avignon.’
Only now does he recognise the profound influence that remarkable work has had on him. It’s like some screen the centuries, even millennia, had overlaid on womankind has been ripped away in just one work, an act that might well be enough for all the future.
The woman is speaking to her daughter, but the man is not translating. The young woman nods, looking over at him just once, her blue eyes – now that he has caught them – flashing brilliantly, as much in his mind/soul as in the room itself. And he wonders with a dart of sober anxiety if he is so impressionable. Does he fall in love with every woman who falls in love with him?
And he knows: of course he does. How else could he paint them? He knows he could stand on a street corner with his pad and crayons and fall in love with every woman who passes, etching this love with frenzied strokes on page after page of his infinite pad.
That is his gift now: his fantasy-woman writ large in every woman on the planet.
The woman now addresses him:
‘Veronika is agreeable to you making whatever sketches of her that you wish. We ask only one favour, Bernard, and that is that you allow us to choose one of the sketches you make. A sketch of our own choice. Do you agree?’
He hadn’t thought of more sketches, really feeling that he has just done his party trick, enough to earn his dinner and maybe a bed for the night. But he looks over at the young woman now, and sees that her eyes are veiled, that she does not in fact want to be his model – as though this was a Paris atelier and she being paid by the hour with a little sex thrown in on the side. He agrees with her, and he gives her a discreet shake of his head. To make the situation clear, he reaches out for the pad, pulls the sheet away from the ring binding and hands it across to her.
Then it is dessert, an indulgent flossy affair that must have taken hours to construct. There is a lot of it, and once he sees that the others are determined to consume it entirely tonight, he gets to work too. All of them welcome the sugar high, some giddiness that is a relief to the by now somewhat over-wrought atmosphere.
 
Brandy, coffee and mints back in the other disneyland room, just the man and himself: the only thing missing are the cigars. He’s again castigating himself for his defensiveness: why can’t he just accept the way things are here? He asks the man:
‘This lighting. Who designed it?’
The man is not comfortable just now, for some unknown reason, but he answers civilly:
‘After my father died mother went through a period of depression – you have seen the results yourself. She was a beautiful woman, Bernard, as beautiful as her paintings here on the walls. In fact tatko said many times that she really painted herself. And I think there is some truth in this. May I tell you this? I’m not sure what word you use, Bernard, but maika called tatko’s companion a demon. Is that the word you use?’
He feels relief now, a very strong surge of relief, as he realises why he is here. This time he will be frank:
‘No. She came as a siren. Saw her standing on a rock on a seashore far from here. She called the rock the Rock of Ages.’
The man seems taken aback by his apparent levity:
‘Why do you joke? Mother says father’s demon almost killed her.’
  Time to stop this line of talk. Again he is candid:
‘Perhaps your mother is the best person to explain all this, Pavel. I was asking about the lighting here.’
The man is immediately contrite:
‘Yes. Yes, of course, Bernard. You are right. But she spent weeks arranging those prisms to get this effect. I know you asked to look at her work in ordinary light, but maika wants her work to be seen in this light.’
He takes the cue and gets up and crosses to the nearest painting. It’s not the woman he sees: it is what she calls the demon. And in case he might afterwards doubt this with his habitual scepticism, he hears:
‘The woman can only see me as a reflection of herself. In the same way, Bernard, the man can only see the woman’s hidden man as a reflection of himself.’
He goes back to his seat, to the remains of the brandy and its cloying stickiness. The man is still edgy, so he confronts him – knowing they won’t turn him out until tomorrow morning at the earliest:
‘What’s bothering you, Pavel?’
Strange to see the confident social man becomes a hesitant boy in his own home:
‘My sister is not part of your world, Bernard. You must treat her with full respect.’
This is where defensiveness might be justified, but he is annoyed:
‘Have you told your sister this?’
The man flares, looks as though there might be anger, then he deflates:
‘What is it then?’
‘What does she know about your parents’ experience?’
The man nods, and even seems relieved:
‘Yes. You are right, Bernard. I should have seen this before confronting you. I apologise for my bad manners.’
He holds his hand up:
‘No. Don’t. No need for that, Pavel. Veronika knows something. And I suspect it might be the source of her interest in theology.’
The man is silent for a while, looking down at the carpet. He too sits now in complete silence. There is a balance of forces in this house – in this family – that intrigues him. He is aware that the only reason he can afford to see the situation as intriguing is that he feels he is not involved. He knows it would be a different matter if he was. After all, he knows something of the power involved here – what his fantasy-woman calls Eros – and knows what it can do to its agents. Thinking of the woman here, he wonders now just where Bertiné is and how she is doing. Will she be hag-ridden for the rest of her life too, like her mother and the woman here?
 The man now looks up and asks:
‘You are the one with the experience here, Bernard. What should we do?’
‘Let me speak to your mother first, Pavel.’
‘Oh, she has already retired.’
‘God, no, not tonight. We’ve had a long day, Pavel, and I suspect your mother had too. No, time enough tomorrow. I will speak to her then.’
‘Thank you, Bernard. I was never sure why you should come here. But I did as maika asked. Perhaps it will all work out well for us. Goodnight, Bernard.’
‘And goodnight to you, Pavel.’
 
A tap on his shoulder and he awakes in the dark with a fright, only a sense of strangeness to guide him. His cry is involuntary, ragged and reluctant. Then:
‘Let me in. Please.’
Now this does frighten him, he seeing how freaked he has become over the last weeks:
‘What?’
This is best he can do, groping now in the chill air for the unfamiliar lamp switch.
‘Cold. Let me in.’
Something clicks in him, just like that, so he can say:
‘Light.’
Click and there is light at the bedside, the young woman – Veronika – standing right up against the bed, shivering in her thin nightdress.
All he can see are her eyes, even as he tells her:
‘Go back to your bed. Go.’
She bends close to him:
‘No. I want to talk to you. Let me in beside you. I won’t trouble you.’
He nods, recognising that they were halfway here already. Drawing the bedclothes back, he stiffens as she literally dives in and presses against him, pulling the bedclothes over them. She is shivering, she is also squirming in against him, back to him, the full length of her body now aligned closely with his.
The very first thing that strikes him about her in this intimate situation is the unusual softness of her flesh. He asks:
‘Your body is so soft. Don’t you even exercise, play sport?’
She laughs, pulling his loose arm over her body for more warmth:
‘No. I sit at a desk and read books and write. My hand is very strong. You can try if you like.’
But the softness of her body is weird: the strongest urge in him is to eat her. It’s nonsense, of course, but he can see himself eating all of her up. Then there the other thing that strikes him is this:
‘You can speak English?’
‘A little. I learned at school. I practiced what I said to you. All the English that I know.’
Next matter is the fact that her bottom is pressing right into his groin and there is not the slightest response in him down there. Or anywhere else. He can even caress her arm and there is nothing. Is he happy with this or is he not?
He doesn’t know. Depends on the perspective, no doubt. He must say something:
‘You see that I don’t respond to you.’
She turns her head to look at him:
‘Respond? Do you mean sex?’
He has to laugh at her frankness:
‘Yes. That’s what I mean.’
‘So I am safe with you?’
‘But am I safe with you?’
This is banter, and she knows it is banter. She turns in the bed now to face him, explaining:
‘I am warm now. We speak now?’
Only now does she realise that he is naked, a fact that is fully confirmed when her hand grazes across his limp member, hanging down as it is, touching the bed. She lets out a low squeal, then laughs out:
‘You sleep with no clothes on. Can I do that?’
Now he is firm:
‘No. Not in this bed.’
 So she needs now to wriggle and shift a little more until she finds the comfortable position facing him, their knees touching, their lower arms pressed together between their bodies, their upper arms loose and uncertainly placed along their respective flanks. Her breath is sweet on his face and he wonders what his breath is like, teeth clean but the heaviness of the brandy still in his throat. Anyway, to business:
‘Why are you here?’
‘This is the only time to talk to you. I go back to college early tomorrow. I have one question: is my mother evil?’
He gets the picture:
‘No. She is most definitely not, Veronika. Her paintings tell you that.’
‘Thank you. Is your demon evil?’
‘No. And she is not a demon.’
‘Thank you again. What is she?’
He rolls away on to his back. She also rolls onto her back. Now the only contact between them is along their adjacent arms, his bare flesh comforted by the contact with the soft texture of her nightdress.
‘Stop me and tell me if you don’t understand anything. One night I cried out for love and the next morning I found her standing on a rock by the ocean… No. Questions later. This is what she has told me. She is not a woman, though I see her as a woman. I also see her as I see women, which at first caused her to appear to me as naked. She is a hidden part of me, separated from me at the beginning of human history. I don’t know why this happened, so don’t ask me. She says we share will and soul, but that she is our intelligence while I am mind. Now, I learn through my mind from her intelligence. I learn about this world, but she has told me that I could learn much more from her if I wanted to. She can see into my mind and so she knows everything about me. I can tell you this, Veronika, that she is probably listening to what I am telling you. Now, and this is important, so try to understand this. There is a link between that inner part of me and this outer physical part – which she calls Eros. This Eros link is very powerful. She says she hears music when it is active, but it runs in me as a powerful sexual current, which leads me to climax. I’ll stop now and allow you to ask questions.’
Silence. Then:
‘Is there such a being in the woman?’
‘Yes. In the woman the hidden part is male. But – and this is very important, and you should remember this: the relation between a woman and her hidden male part is very different from the relation between a man and his hidden part. I’m not sure yet exactly what this difference is, but it does exist.’
‘Can I know what my hidden part is like?’
‘I think there are two ways. One is if you fall in love with a boy when you are a teenager, you will then know what that hidden part looks like – like the boy you love – and you will also have made your first contact with that part. Often teenage love fails – for a lot of different reasons – but if the girl is wise she can learn from the experience and not just feel let down. The same is true for the boy. The second way is more complicated and I would like to leave that for the moment.’
Silence. She moves in the bed in some way, restless, then he feels the slight weight of her clothed breast on his arm. She pulls at him until he turns to face her again:
‘I love you, Bernard. The instant I saw you tonight I knew that I loved you. Is it like that?’
‘What do you see in me?’
‘I have closed my eyes now. My breasts lie against you and I can feel the softness of your sex against my sex. You have wings, Bernard. Your wings are very great, wide and uplifted.’
‘Colour?’
‘They are red. Like fire.’
He nods, his head against hers. She says in response:
‘If I died now, I would die happy.’
He can think it, but decides to speak it out for both of them:
‘I have asked myself just now how this can happen. How can you have visions so easily when Bertiné needed forceful sex to stimulate her? The only reason I can find here is that there is no sexual current between us, there is only Eros here. Can you hear music?’
‘Music? Ah, it’s like a wind we hear in the forest sometimes. Very low. The ancients believed it was the sighing of the dead. Can you hear music?’
‘No. I’m sorry I can’t. There are too many thoughts in my head. I am not as innocent as you, Veronika.’
‘Call me Nika. Do you have a pet name?’
‘My parents call me Bennie.’
‘Then I will call you Bennie.’
With that, there is a sadness in him. Too much reality now. Like waking from a dream. He rolls away from her onto his back.
‘Is that all?’
‘The dream is broken.’
But she moves close to him again, though she doesn’t press her body into his this time:
‘Tell me about the woman you call Bertiné. That will tell me about maika, yes?’
 ‘The Eros energy is very great, so I think a woman comes to help absorb this energy. The sex is very powerful, so powerful that some women spend the rest of their lives looking for some other man to do this to them. One was Bertiné’s mother, whose husband called his hidden part a mermaid. You can see that it has had a powerful effect on your mother too, though I think she has managed to channel it through her art. I don’t know what effect it will have on Bertiné.’
‘Do you love her?’
‘We both know we cannot love another human.’
‘And I am like that now?’
‘Do you think so?’
‘Yes. And I also feel now that I have been preparing myself for this night with you. I was afraid that evil might be involved, though I believed that mother was not evil. Nor is Pavel evil, though he is the fruit of my mother’s relation with that possessed man. That is why I have studied church doctrine.’
‘What will you do now?’
‘I would stay with you. I would give my life to caring for you until you disappear.’
There is no temptation here for him: he would probably end up trapped here in this mountain fastness. He says:
‘We should sleep now. You need to be up early to go back to your studies.’
‘What about you? Don’t you want to be with me?’
‘Veronika, I could never be with you, no more than you can be with me. Don’t you understand that? You should become a theologian in your Church and argue for a better understanding of mankind and its destiny. Let me tell you this – and I have only now become aware of it, here with you tonight – there is one force greater than that of love, and that is beauty. No, please let me finish. Love exists between us and our hidden part, and any regard we can have for others will grow out of that love. So you can see that love is human, within the human being and then among humans. But beauty is greater, far greater than just us human beings. It reaches beyond us and points to our destiny, to our end. So it is with love that we can look to beauty, to let is show us the way to that greater end.’
He can feel her shaking at his side, crying softly. Her voice is muffled when she speaks:
‘What have I done, dear Bennie? I’m frightened. Please hold me. Please.’
This he can do, seeing how she is frightened, how she will always be frightened now. Just like himself, frightened until they learn to trust.
Which, of course, might be never in his case, whatever about hers.
 
Breakfast is again dark meat, this time with fried eggs. Not his kind of breakfast, so he sticks to the rolls and what he assumes is an apricot conserve, thankfully not too sweet. But the coffee was hot and strong, useful on a morning like this: not knowing what storms lie ahead. This is especially true today, for only the woman is in the room now – eating quietly at the table – and the house feels otherwise empty.
Seeing the proposed content of his meal, the woman observes:
‘So you do not have what the English call a fry-up in the morning?’
He grimaces, remembering the occasions when he had welcomed a plateful of fried food: heavy-going parties, still stoned and thoroughly fucked-out, the lot of them like an army on campaign, the girls as bad as the boys. But he says carefully:
‘I usually have oats and fruit, to be honest. And tea.’
He shouldn’t have added the latter: he doesn’t want the version of tea that might obtain here, probably with lemon. But the woman gets to her feet, saying:
‘Oats? Well, then, Bernard, please wait for a moment.’
She calls Gretta, a few words, and two minutes later there is a bowl and spoon, a jar of milled oats, strawberries, grapes, and a bowls of honey and cream. He is stunned by this, and it shows very clearly on his naïve face – much to the delight of the woman. And she can be humorous too:
‘You see, my dear, you only have to ask.’
He says, piling oats into the bowls, splitting fruit, adding honey and then milk:
‘When I was little, the oats were cooked into what we called porridge. This would be served with sugar and milk. But I used to cheat, when my mother wasn’t looking, by adding the cream from the top of the bottle instead shaking the bottle first to mix the cream with the milk. It was truly delicious.’
Seeing how he has dived into the oats, she puts her plate of meat aside and gets Gretta to bring her a bowl. She fills the bowls almost exactly as she has seen him do.
So they both chomp away in silence for the next while.
 
A window is open: there is birdsong among the trees in the bright sunny morning.
 
The woman invites him to see her studio afterwards. It’s at the top of the house, really part of the attic converted by raising the ceiling and installing a wide window and a long skylight. There is a thinness to the light that is new to him – obviously mountain air, but he can see immediately how well this light suits her work, the yellows especially bright here in the various boards that line the wall and lie about on a long table. She sweeps her arm in a general sort of introduction, saying without looking back at him:
‘I would like to paint you, if I might.’
He nods, half expecting this:
‘How would you like to do it?’
‘Just casual. At first, anyway. I need to see what is required.’
He is still standing just inside the opening in the screen that separates the studio from the rest of the cavernous attic. He is conscious that he is wearing one of his better shirts – that degree of formality at work in him here.
She is busy preparing what seems to be an A3 board as she asks casually:
‘Have you done much portraiture yourself, Bernard.’
He will be honest:
‘The one last night was really my first. I made some preliminary sketches with Bertiné, but never got to do a full portrait.’
 She looks up:
‘Is that the woman you were with on the way here?’
He catches the curious assumption immediately: but he won’t correct it:
‘Yes. She was very supportive.’
She looks up again, sharply this time:
‘Was she beautiful?’
He knows she has jumped to a second issue here, obviously not wanting to acknowledge Bertiné’s relationship with him. He can duck this too:
‘Yes. Very.’
And she leaves it at that, concentrating instead on preparing the paints now on a little tray. Done, she looks over at him:
‘Can you come into the studio, Bernard. Wherever you wish. Shadow will be minimal this morning.’
He comes up to the table and rests himself back against, laying the base of his palms along the edge. He’s not really comfortable with her manner, too professional for his liking. He decides to cut across this:
‘Will you let me sketch you afterwards?’
That should not have caught her out. It should have been obvious that he would ask. He can see now that she did not expect him to ask: that he only paints pretty young things with no baggage in their faces, no hell in their eyes.
It has worked, though, she is working away on the board – almost flat on a small portable easel – but looking at him with a kind of worry in her face. He realises he is looking at a woman who has refused to look at herself for many years.
He wants to help her – no point trying to catch her out like this:
‘Do you want to tell me what happened, Helena.’
He is deliberately presumptuous here, as much to pull her back to him here as to throw her out of this cold working mood.
She’s silent for a while, dabbing almost fiercely at the board – so much so that he can’t imagine what she is doing there. but the only thing he can see from where he stands is that she is not using much yellow. Then she says:
‘Does it always end with a drowning?’
Candour here this morning: this woman has been there, this he must acknowledge:
‘I offered that but was told it is a failure. Like starting over again.’
She nods very emphatically at this:
‘Yes. That is what I thought too. That was my intuition, Bernard. No one told me this.’
‘And he left you alone with a child?’
She has stopped painting, and she studies what she has done as she speaks:
‘That was not really the problem. I had expected that it would end in some way and that I would be left alone. I always understood that. But it seemed to me that he – his name was Henry, I’ll tell about him later – was expecting to be saved in some way. But I thought he had a part to play. I mean, Bernard, to be frank with you – if I might – that he had a part to play himself. I had seen her, his demon, I mean, and I knew she was not a god of any kind. You know, not a saviour.’
He is intensely interested in this:
‘What did you see?’
She smiles, obviously surprised by his question:
‘What you drew last night, of course. I knew this already. I had been told that you had the power to conjure the demon with your art.’
She comes away from the easel and approaches him:
‘I really should have stopped you last night, Bernard. But you work so incredibly fast: you were finished before I had got over my surprise.’
She’s close enough now to grip his arm, gripping it very tightly:
‘Do you see what you have done to my daughter? Pavel had to drag her out to the car. She must never see you again.’
Now she pulls him by the arm over to the easel, where she pushes him ahead of her towards the board lying there. He looks at himself. It is nothing like what he expected – given his knowledge of her work – and it should shock him: but it is so familiar. He turns and says to her:
‘Thank you, Helena. This is exactly what my fantasy-woman sees when she looks at me. She told me this herself.’
Did Picasso ever paint a man? He can’t remember. Did any modernist ever bother to paint a man other than themselves?
The woman is crying. Just standing there to one side of the easel and the bloody mask that is her sight of him, arms hanging by her sides, looking fat in the kind of loose top fat people wear.
Then he says to her, remorseless:
‘Now it is my turn, Helena.’
 
The woman does follow him downstairs to the bedroom he is using, carrying her image of him like an ikon at a religious festival. He doesn’t like to see her so broken – though he can now understand where she’s at – yet it is not his intention to console her or make things easier for her. It’s not something he can do: he will do for her now what she has just done for him.
His by now slightly dog-eared pad and packs of crayons and pencils cannot match her artist’s paraphernalia, but at least he knows by now what he can do with the little he has. He waits until she has laid the board down on the bedside table before asking her to fetch her cosmetics bag. This turns out to be a much more elaborate affair than the one Bertiné sported, but it is enough that can find the lipstick he wants today. Next he has her sit on the bed. She is so obedient to him – no doubt the events of the last hour have thrown her back into her habitual depression – but her vulnerability to him is operating as a quite powerful temptation. She might be a middle-aged mother of two, old before her years, but he can see now what attracted that man – Henry – back when she was a young beauty. He wonders now what her second husband – Nika’s father – was like. Could he match this quality in her, or did she hide it from him?
He says to her – he seated in an easy chair about two meters from her, deliberately sitting in the same plane as her:
‘Can you remove your upper clothes, please.’
She does lift the loose top over her head, and unstraps the slip underneath and pulling it down to her waist. But she seems as though waking up at this point, her fingers already busy at the back of her bra:
‘Is this decent? I’m not a model you’re paying by the hour.’
He has a ready answer, already setting out the anatomy of her, scaling it carefully on the page:
‘You stripped me naked, Helena. Be happy that I’m not doing that to you.’
Her breasts are heavy, sagging fat with full nipples. She does try to support them with her crooked arm, but he waves that aside. She doesn’t know this, but it is not her breasts that he wants – it is the line of the nipples, how her breasts sags outwards so that the nipples point upwards rather than downwards.
Once he has completed the anatomy and has fleshed it to the degree that he needs, he lays the pad on the floor, takes the scarlet lipstick and walks over to her, indicating that she should raise her face to him. He daubs the lipstick on her lips, smoothing it with his fingers, then he daubs each of her nipples, again smoothing the paste over the entire surface of both of them.
She had wanted to complain, her right hand rising, but then he sees her – as he had expected – fall back into a sullen passivity. It is a very compelling state, and it is then that he can grasp exactly how she was used by the man, Henry: how he had driven into her repeatedly in his indulgent arousals. No wonder she called his fantasy-woman a demon: that being has been willing to use her like this. Was is for the music? Or is some other element possible?
The answer comes immediately:
‘I am not all-powerful, Bernard. Your goodness makes me good, if you were bad, then that would be so much karma – as the orientals call fate. This woman invited the bad, believing she was evil, a sinful being.’
He stops what he is doing. What is he doing here? This woman went to great lengths to bring him here, and to bring their relationship to this pass. Then it comes to him: no, this is his own good sense, not the lady on the rock – just get on with it, sort it out afterwards, run if you must.
All of which he can do.
Colour: definitely blue period today. Once decided he works very fast: in no time he has the Ice Maiden with red hot tits, and lips you would want to suck dry: how a mouth can be a vagina for real. Her eyes? Here’s the secret – her eyes are closed.
He signs it with the dark blue pencil, walks over and lays the pad on her lap, goes downstairs and finds his way into the kitchen, mimes coffee for Gretta.
And coffee it is, this time with very nice almond fingers.
 
Then it is back upstairs to tidy up, help the woman should she need help. The younger woman is sitting on the bed beside her mother, that morning’s work balanced one on each thigh. He should be surprised to see her, instead he just falls into her, saying with an intimate casualness:
‘You have beautiful legs, Nika.’
She’s appraising him, like he’s a mountain that offers different views depending where you are, high up or low down:
‘Was maika wise to invite you here, Bennie?’
It’s the woman who answers:
‘Would a priest in any church forgive me?’
He waits to see if her daughter would let him off the hook: she doesn’t:
‘Perhaps if you confess your sin, Helena.’
She nods acceptance of this judgement. When she turns about to look for her bra, the younger woman hastens to help her dress. But the woman shrugs her off:
‘No, my dear. I will bathe now.’
She’s unsteady at first – as though she has not moved for days – then she gathers up her top and bra and crosses to embrace him, holding him tightly in against her ungainly body. Then she draws her head back, her arms still holding him tight in against her body:
‘Would you have abandoned me, Bernard?’
He smiles:
‘But I was abandoned, Helena.’
She releases him, acknowledging that he would not have been tempted by her availability – he instinctively fearful of depths:
‘And yet you are not at the end yet, are you?’
Fateful words, fateful judgement.
When she has left the room he goes and sits beside the younger woman. The two images are still balanced on her thighs. They really are hot and cold: one coming, the other fleeing. She asks:
‘What colour for me?’
No banter just now:
‘Your mother told me that I would never see you again.’
She keeps her head bowed, her light fair hair falling down about her face. He sees that the delicacy of her wrist would require a Caspar David to do justice to their beauty – even though that beauty would be God’s and not that of this really choice young woman. He says to her, already by now sick at heart:
‘Can you frame the sketch for your mother?’
‘Is it A4?’
‘Yes. She might want to hang it herself.’
‘It’s a kind of absolution, isn’t it?’
‘Only if that is what she wants.’
When she has gone, he goes to the wardrobe and takes the blue dress off the hanger – that Gretta had washed and ironed along with the other dresses and his shirts – and lays it out on the far side of the bed. Then he undresses and get under the cover, on his back with eyes closed. He feels he is waiting for thunder to sound, something really unknown poised within him.
He should be afraid, but he is way beyond that now.
 
He hears what could be a gong-like sound echoing through the stone house, then realises that it is a gong that is making the sound. Reminds him of a film he had seen, set about a hundred years ago, where a gong in an ornate hallway was sounded by an aging butler as a signal for what was then called luncheon. He dresses casual, fawn cords, fawn suede boots, fawn hood. It’s true that fawn doesn’t suit an untidy brown beard, but so what?
Well, must have been an intuition on his part, for the mood at the table had that kind of holiday-end testiness, everyone bolloxed and only too glad to get back into routine. Mother and daughter very tetchy  with each other. He has a good idea why, though detail eludes him because of the language barrier. Even so, the resigned look on the son’s face suggests that this kind of lunch experience is not that unusual.
This is all a pity as far as he is concerned, for Gretta had clearly taken a lot of trouble with the meal. What seemed a chicken pie, dry meat with luscious vegetables, though the flavouring eludes him. He says to the man, as much to try to break the mood at the table as to express his pleasure:
‘Gretta is a fine cook. This chicken pie is delicious.’
This does allow the man to relax and even smile:
‘Oh, Bernard, that is not chicken. It’s a kind of pigeon that inhabits the lower forest around here. It’s difficult to eat whole, so the flesh is boiled off the bones and then prepared as you find it here. As for Gretta, she has a thousand years of cooking experience in that head of hers.’
And this quiet exchange does bring the two woman to order, with the younger woman interjecting with a laugh:
‘And they also have to make sure all the pellets are removed.’
The man does smile at this sally. Only the woman remains silent. He steals a glance at her – not wanting to oblige her to make conversation – and she seems more tired than irritable. So he does look at the younger woman long enough to catch her eye. She shrugs her shoulders slightly, then nods to reassure him. The woman catches this exchange and says across the table to him, glancing quickly at her daughter as she speaks:
‘And Gretta is preparing one of her finer dishes for this evening, Bernard. So you must make sure you have a good appetite.’
He barely manages to suppress his reactive grimace: he had planned asking the man to take him into the nearest town this afternoon.
 
And when he does ask the man – later, after searching for him through the downstairs rooms – he is told:
‘Ah, today is Sunday, Bernard. It would be better if you waited until tomorrow. I need to report in, and Nika has finally agreed to go back to her studies. So tomorrow morning, early, will suit us all best.’
He is tempted to ask about taxis, but the man has touched his forearm to detain him:
‘Look, Bernard. I had planned asking if you would like to come with me this afternoon. I would like to show to something that might interest you, especially considering that the hunter showed you his secret. Will you come? It’s not too far. We can take the buggy. But can you dress warmly – we will be back up in the hills?’
The buggy turns out to be an ex-military vehicle, 4x4 and very powerful with plenty of gears. The man knows the track – loose grit over an old foundation – that climbs steadily through the forest following a shoulder that rises in a long shallow curve. Then they break out onto the upland, a broad moor, very quiet and remote. And still the track climbs, crossing this moor aslant and heading towards what seems a watershed ridge, but which proves to be just a shoulder that opens on to another wide expanse of moorland, this time broken by areas of exposed rock. But the next ridge is a watershed, and they begin a shallow descent – again across the slope – down towards a tree covered tableland at the head of a high valley.
He knows at once that the site is artificial – he has seen similar sites elsewhere – no doubt a prehistoric construction of religious or political importance. The trees are mostly oak, and these are arranged in a circle around a set of pillared rocks.
The man parks the buggy outside this enclosure – tyre marks to show numerous vehicles are parked here under a variety of conditions. He gets out and waits while the man searches the back of the vehicle for what proves to be a powerful torch. Walking side by side in through the trees, the man says, whispering close to his ear:
‘I’d rather if you didn’t take photographs, Bernard. This is still a sacred site.’
He leads him on in between the rough pillars of rock, right into the centre, where there is a flat slab of smooth rock lying flush with the soil. The light here seems not as dim as the man expected, for he shoves the torch down into a pocket of his jacket. Then he bends and lays his right hand flat on this rock, holding it in place for several seconds. He straightens and turns and begins what is obviously a prepared speech:
‘My people have lived here in these mountains for over four thousand years. We have managed to resist Slav, Asiatic tribes, Turks and even the communists, and to hold on to our traditions, if not our language or religion. But we do keep faith with the gods of our people. I will not name them for you, Bernard: their names are powerful and only to be invoked in extreme circumstances. But because the hunter trusted you with his secret, I would like to invite you to experience our family secret here.’
If fellow students had proposed this to him – somewhere back home in the local mountains – they would all have been off their skulls on peyote or mescaline, at home with Don Juan in Mehico. Here? He replies very carefully:
‘The hunter gave me the answer to a question that had haunted me in his company. I have no question to ask you, Pavel. I still assume I was brought here for the sake of your mother, and I have done what I could do in that case. So, with the greatest of respect for you and your traditions, I suggest that you do not offer to reveal your family secret to me.’
The man takes his time absorbing this. Well he might. Then he cries, tears rolling down his cheek, what might be a despair clouding his eyes. He says:
‘I regard you as a good friend, Bernard, though we have not known each other for long. You know how I was conceived: by a demonic lust imposed on a submissive woman. No, Bernard, I know more than I let on to my family. I play at being the dutiful son, fathered by a cowardly bully but reared and loved by an equally weak man, but one who thought that love was a compensation for the want of power. In other words, the opposite of a bully. And I ask myself constantly: am I therefore a weak man too? I am afraid to approach women, afraid that I might be cruel to them or be subject to their cruelty. I see cruelty in all things – that is the sign of my weakness. And then you come, Bernard. You are a man of power, but a man who does not exercise that power. But the weakness here that I see, my good friend, is that you use your power to merely resist the power of others. You see? You neutralise people. You think to make them happy in this way, believing that non-action is better than action. And yet your strength here is that you can do this. I don’t understand how this is possible. If I were to stop as you have stopped, I fear that I would be overwhelmed by the lust and greed of others. But how can you do it and yet survive with such a carefree air. You are not a poser or a bluffer. I know that by now. How do you do it?’
Good question. He’ll allow this just now:
‘Pavel, first answer: consider where you are asking these questions. It’s no accident that you do it here in this sanctuary. Now let me answer your question in a few words: I believe in nothing. I let the entire world flow through me and just concentrate on handling the accidents that occur. And the basis here is this: truth happens, so there is no need to worry about knowing the truth. It just happens all the time. So being born is like being thrown off a high cliff and falling till you hit the ground below, and all you need to is watch for stray bits that are also falling and which might hit you on the way down.’
Then he gets down on his hands and knees and kisses the smooth rock. There is the buzz that he expected.
They drive back in silence, side by side.
 
Eyes closed, he knows when she is in the room – though it might be the subtle draught from the opening door that alerts him – and this is confirmed by her dulcet whisper:
‘Are you awake, Bennie?’
He opens his eyes to see her seeing the dress lying out on the bed beside him. She gasps with delight, runs around the bed, asking:
‘Is this Bertiné’s?’
She takes it up and holds it against her body, further delighted to see that it will fit her, though a little big – Bertiné having a fuller figure. Then she is coy, asking:
‘More?’
Doesn’t wait for an answer, running to the wardrobe, seeing the dresses there. She holds the black dress up against her, flattening it against her body with her left arm. He can see how it works on her: hair dazzling, skin luminous. She looks up at him with an honest face:
‘Can I wear this?’
He can see clearly how she is not sexy, but how clothes can make her desirable, which is not always a good idea, especially when you are as inexperienced as this beautiful young woman:
‘Never.’
‘Never?’
Lesson number two:
‘Nika, you need to understand the difference between being sexy and being desirable.’
This does stop her. She puts the black dress back in the wardrobe and turns and asks him, the simple beige outfit she is wearing – which covers her body fairly completely – only accentuating her essentially modest demeanour:
‘And the difference is?’
‘With one the man will probably wet himself before he gets to you, the other will most likely get you raped.’
She nods, deflated for the moment, though she does ask with some intensity:
‘But it does work, doesn’t it?’
He nods his head against the pillow:
‘You bet. Last time Bertiné wore it two men followed her when she went to the ladies. Oh no, a waiter was on hand. It was expected.’
She’s looking at him with a steady expression, he knowing that she is chilled, seeing something of the jungle outside this house in the middle of a forest far away among the mountains. She comes and takes the blue dress, inserts the hanger and hangs it up outside the wardrobe.
Then she takes all her clothes off and gets into the bed beside him. He sees her doing this and knows she won’t be stopped: this woman will go as far as she can – but it is not yet clear if she will stop there.
She lies apart from him. Lying still while her body warms the cover. Her breathing is steady, and he thinks what a gift she is, yet he also knows that life as he experiences it has no place for gifts – if only because gifts get used up, otherwise we would only need one Christmas in a lifetime. He is immensely sad then, aware that not even his fantasy-woman could present him with a gift: even she is part of a job to be done. She interrupts him:
‘Did Pavel take you to the grove?’
‘Grove?’
‘Oh, what did he call it? The stone ring.’
‘Yes. Did you expect that?’
‘It was possible. You know that it is a secret place? Women are not allowed go there. It’s sacred to men only, not even a boy-child can be brought there. Did he tell you the secret of the place?’
‘Do I have to answer that, Nika? I must respect Pavel’s confidence, even if I don’t share his beliefs.’
‘No, don’t misunderstand me, Bennie. I don’t want to know their secret. I respect their restriction: it has helped maintain our people through very hard times. No, I am simply curious to know if he told you.’
‘That’s good to hear. In a way I already knew the secret – how to perform it, I mean – the hunter had showed me.’
‘Why did the hunter show you? You are a complete outsider.’
‘I think because I asked the right question. I assume the hunter – who I liked very much – thought I would benefit from the secret.’
‘And have you?’
‘Honestly, Nika, I don’t know. I’m just not on that wavelength. But I do allow that some part of me, beyond my ken, does benefit.’
‘Yes. I thought you and Pavel had a good trip. He rarely is so relaxed.’
‘One thing, Nika. You should encourage him to marry. And I do mean marry in his case, not get a lover or anything like that. I can tell you this much – though you might already know this – Pavel is afraid of cruelty.’
‘Yes. I had seen that, but in terms of domination only, but if he used that word today, then that is a new insight. And, yes, I think I know someone who would make a good wife for him. We were at school together and we both lodged in the same convent while at university. She is like maika, passive, but she is also very steady in herself. What I mean is that she could well handle the kind of love Pavel would give her, which would be like tatko’s love for maika. You know, the kind of forbearance that masks repressed violence. And the good thing here is that they already know each other. Her father is Pavel’s immediate superior, and she has visited here many times.’
Now she turns in the bed and asks:
‘Can I kiss you now?’
He should say no, but he says nothing, just watching her push over to him, raise her head, close her eyes, and place her warm lips on his cool lips, pressing down gently but with a steady pressure. Then she draws back, opening her eyes, and asks, hovering over him:
‘What kind of husband would you make, dear Bennie?’
He smiles, not giving in – though not necessarily relieved by this fact – but savouring his experience of her, as though she will be a story to tell the boys someday:
‘Politically, well disposed. Otherwise, once the novelty has worn off, somewhat negligent, busy all day and winding down in the evening, with another day to come. What kind of wife would you make?’
‘My grandmother was a famous socialite. I have her beauty. She benefited from a steady husband, though it made him hard. Is that an answer?’
‘I think I would be a voyeur in that kind of situation. But I can tell you this, sweetest Nika, you would end up like the beautiful grandmother surrounded by a circle of eunuchs designed to give you praise and protect you from the callousness of impotence.’
‘So better to be sexy than desirable? What kind of wife would Bertiné make?’
‘Steady housewife, good mother, tell other men to fuck off.’
‘Would she suit you better?’
‘Yes. Her sexiness would keep us both warm, even in old age.’
‘Well, Bennie, I am sorry I could not make a better wife for you.’
‘But who says we would ever need to marry. Children are the only reason to marry, at least as I see it. And you need to remember where we three actually are. We all have contact with our hidden halves, and that fact is going to determine the course of our lives for good or ill.’
‘Does that mean you want both of us, Bertiné and me?’
‘No, of course not. But it would be interesting for you two to meet. I think you would learn a lot from each other. For instance, your other half seems content just to be with you here in this life, while Bertiné’s half wants her to die and join him. That’s a very big difference, and it would be good for all of us to understand it.’
Then there’s that gong sounding again.
 
Downstairs, Pavel takes him off for a glass of wine before dinner. He is relaxed, dressed this evening in an open-necked blue shirt and navy slacks, looking handsome and alert. They have the other room to themselves, daylight streaming in through the long gauzy curtains. He says, once they are seated:
‘I trust I can rely on your discretion, Bernard? What we did today is strictly beyond all our customs. I know how you knew what to do, but may I ask why you did it? You are not a false man – whatever about your tendency to irony – so I assume the impulse was genuine.’
The wine is very light but also unexpectedly strong. Only now does he realise how light-headed he is after that last twenty four hours in this fastness. He can be frank: what he will say here need ever need to be acknowledged by him elsewhere:
‘The hunter has Saint Michael to protect his home and his stone god to protect himself. What protection is there here, Pavel?’
The man gets up very deliberately and signals that he should follow. He opens a cabinet over by the door. This ikon is old and no doubt very valuable, Mary’s face all gold, the infant all bright eyes. He nods and asks:
‘May I?’
The man indicates that he may. He bends and kisses the surface, picking up the faint whiff of old perfume, old saliva. He stands up and offers:
‘Thank you, Pavel. I regard this as an honour. You need not have done this, but thank you for doing it?’
He go back to his seat and the man follows. He pours them more wine before seating himself. He drinks and then continues:
‘I am not a religious man, Pavel. Nor do I believe in magic. But you know that I am gifted with the presence of my hidden half, and it is because of this that I do submit to those things that you – and the hunter before you – regard as sacred. And it is on this basis that I have been willing to expose myself to you all, and have been willing to accept whatever obligations have been imposed on me. Believe me, Pavel, when I tell you that I could not say these words to anyone in my world, for they would laugh – and so would I. First your beautiful and chaste sister offers me her entire being to use as I will, then you mother offers me her soul to exploit as I will, then you submit your will to me and offer me full command of you. These are very great temptations, real facts and also I assume tests set by – if not my fantasy-woman – then by whoever watches over us in these circumstances. I know now that I have survived these temptations by the simple expedient of exposing myself in turn to each of you. And that is the bargain all four of us have struck. You sister owns my heart, your mother owns my spirit, and you own my reality. And the only way this bargain can be maintained in conformity with your values here is that I leave here tomorrow morning, never to return. Because if I returned here, I would laugh at all this nonsense.’
Well, he thinks, draining the glass: he knows truth happens. We are already history and can never be changed.
The man is preparing to answer, shifting in his chair, obviously somewhat uneasily, when the younger woman taps on the door and comes in. He sees that she is wearing a dress of the purest white silk, that reaches to her ankles and to her wrists, but is cut low on the neckline. He says, nodding to her, his voice a little hoarse:
‘Your grandmother’s?’
She nods, looking intently into his face, closely gauging his response. It is the man who speaks first:
‘It is beautiful on you, Nika.’
She nods to accept his compliment, her eyes still on him as she replies:
‘Maika thought it would mark the occasion of the evening. Do you like it, Bennie?’
He doesn’t, but he is not going to say that – yet he offers, in a blunt tone:
‘You are not vain, Veronika. It doesn’t suit you.’
Now she does nod more vigorously, even a ghost of a smile:
‘I told maika that you would say that. I told her you were not conceited – that you are a simple man with simple tastes.’
He sees that the woman is standing in the doorway, hearing what her daughter has just said. He wonders for a moment if she has decided to protect herself after all. But she speaks to her daughter in their native tongue, and is answered sharply.
He stands up. Places the empty glass on the coffee table, thanks the man, and walks out of the room, brushing past the woman when she doesn’t move aside for him. He goes up to the bedroom, thinking in a storm of feeling how things can fall apart so quickly. Like the evening with Miriam, how that particular world, reality, just crumbled in a few seconds, though of course it takes a long time to accomplish. And now, with this world just now gone away, what has he left? Just history: his mother’s shining eyes as she realises that the beautiful light in the hallway at home was being produced by an old lampshade that he had brought just for her enjoyment. For once she never asked how much it cost, how he was frittering away money he should keep for his future. And he got dad to tap it for her, she amazed in her blessed innocence to discover how glass can ring out like a bell. And all she could do was stand there and thank him: no touching, no love-yas, no froth, just a shared honest pleasure.
He has both bags packed by the time the man taps on the door and comes into the room. He stands looking at the bags on the bed, extreme sadness in his eyes. He says:
‘I will take you into town. Let me ring the hotel first.’
He waits – deliberately waits – until the man has left the room before he allows the anger run in him. How stupid, he thinks, how fucking stupid can people be, no matter who they think they are. It didn’t have to be cowardice – she blamed the man, Henry, when she was the coward, terrified of the bottomless pit in herself.
Then it is the young woman – Nika – in the room, warm zip-up jacket over a light blouse and loose slacks, her soft bag on the floor in the doorway:
‘Are you ready, Bennie?’
He knows instantly that this is another track now: open ended, but going into a kind of light that is more a glow than flare, the kind of light that does not make shadows. So be it, he thinks, pulling up the two bags and his shoulder bag, following her down the stairs and out to the big car, the man already at the wheel, engine purring.
 
The hotel is a model of discretion, no one seeing anything they shouldn’t see, the children of the local mountain folk dining with a stranger, the daughter booked into a double room for the night. It’s not a class thing, more a matter of a respect that still has no name. A kind of charisma, if you like – a modern rational people still allowing the possibility.
He is watching her as she and her brother speak together in their native tongue. He had nodded agreement to this in response to a glance from Pavel. Good manners, perhaps, but it also gave him time to evaluate the sudden change in circumstances. For instance, who had instigated this apparent radical break-up of the family, that is, what did the mother and daughter say to each other in such sharp tones, again in their own language? But he is leaving all this, concentrating instead on watching her now.
He’s not sure he knows what seduction is like, not regarding himself as worthy of seduction. He might be good-looking, witty, even charming at times, but he is not otherwise – at least until recently – much of a catch, not obviously a hot lover on his way to something better: someone a woman might latch on to. But he allows that he would recognise seduction if he wasn’t interested, but doubts he would if he was interested. It’s the latter case that holds his attention: how could it be seduction if he was interested anyway? The answer comes with surprising ease: seduction is always a matter of getting more than the other might ordinarily be willing to give. And the final question: what has he got that he might not want to give? And this is the question that frightens him, really frightens him. He wouldn’t know until he had lost it – after which it would be a matter of tough luck.
But why is he thinking along these lines as he watches this beautiful young woman moving now with such an easy fluidity, now that she has – apparently – broken the shackles of home? He’s doing it because even as he watches the flow of gesture, smile, glow in her wonderful face, he hears Bowie’s masterly cover:
With your long blond hair and eyes of blue,
The only thing I get from you is sorrow.
That’s why he is thinking of seduction. Some instinct is at work in him, connecting mother and daughter. He could figure Bertiné and her mother, could figure the solution there. But between Helena and Veronika there is a chasm he has not wanted to consider before now. Consider the mother as seductress, see it in her mouth – as he did when sketching her – that is as consumption rather than simple accommodation, eating dick rather than just giving it shelter in a time of need. He looks at her across the table in terms of her mouth: gets a shock.
This is strange territory for him, which shows clearly his own limitations. He can figure Helena in contest with the man, Henry, with sex a dare: who dies who first. Can it be that basic? Do we hate being alive that much?
Then the other question: how much is the daughter like the mother? Then the second other question: how much is he like the man, Henry? He can figure this to an extent. He knows he is not like Bertiné’s father. He survived Bertiné. But that was a simple contest, just straight sex. Here the situation might be different.
It’s at this point that brother and sister complete their conversation and turn to thank him for his patience. All there is left to do then is arrange to meet Pavel early in the morning: a car must be bought and the matter of Nika’s next move be decided.
 
In the hotel room, this thought is inescapable: how like a wedding night this is – bride and groom finally alone together, for better or worse. Never having been in such a situation before leaves him undecided. So he undresses, showers, cleans his teeth, combs his hair and beard, and gets into the bed, under the cover. She has waited patiently – after setting out clothes for the morrow – sitting on the end of the bed. Now she goes into the bathroom to prepare herself. Then she too gets into the bed – entirely naked also – under the cover.
Silence.
She finally breaks the silence:
‘Do you think I am like maika?’
Good girl, he thinks, with some relief: straight to the point.
‘Yes. I do. But the trouble there, Nika, is that I’m not sure I fully understand your mother. Do you want to tell me how you see her? Or should I tell you what I do understand.’
‘No, Bennie, I think it fair that I speak first. After all, I’ve brought this topic up. So, let me start this way. Maika is exactly as you portrayed her. She believes she is evil for good reason. I grew up watching her painting all those images of herself as a kind of golden angel. She wasn’t hiding herself behind this image – which is what Pavel believed for many years. No, she is trying to save herself, but your image of her showed that she is still as evil as she always was. That’s why she despairs of salvation now. The only way she can live with herself now is by accepting her nature. But the result of that acceptance – and the reason I left tonight – is that she now believes that I am like her. That is why she made me put on that dress, to show that I was no better than her, that I was just another whore who devours men.’
Silence again.
Then:
‘That’s pretty well my understanding too, Nika. But let me add to it now. Tonight while I was watching you and Pavel talk together, a song was playing in my head. I don’t suppose you know it. It’s an early cover by David Bowie called Sorrow. He sings about a woman with long blond hair and eyes of blue who gives him only sorrow. He calls her the Devil’s daughter. And that led me to think about seduction. Please bear with me here, Nika. I’m not the sort of man that a woman would want to seduce, no future and not very sexy. Even so, I realised that seduction is not about mere desire, it’s about getting from the other person something that the other person wouldn’t want to give, everything else being equal. A kind of existential theft, where the other is depleted in some essential way. Would you consider that your mother was a seductress? I suspect now your grandmother was.’
Silence again.
He hears her get out of the bed and go into the bathroom. He hears water run. Then she is in the room again and asking:
‘Am I seducing you?’
Good girl, he thinks again:
‘I wouldn’t know, Nika. That’s one of the first things I learned tonight about seduction. I wouldn’t know it was seduction if I was interested in the woman. And you know I am interested in you. So the real question is: what do you really want from me?’
He realises now that she has been dressing herself. Yes, he panics at the thought that she might be leaving him. He hears her walking on the carpet, then the bedside lamp come on and he sees her standing beside him, panties and slacks on, blouse hanging open. She says with a force he had never heard in her voice before:
‘I would die for you, Bennie. I would let you cut me open and kill me, and I would just tell you how much I love you. The question is, man, would you do the same?’
He nods, surprisingly calm, the relief like an ocean of water at his back:
‘That’s what I thought seduction is finally about, Nika. Mutual murder. But here is my answer, plain and simple: no, I would not let you kill me. And I will do everything in my power to keep you alive for as long as possible, so that we can be together. So that I can go on learning about you for as long as possible, and go on exposing myself to your searching intelligence for as long as possible.’
He smiles at her, irony up front:
‘How’s that for an answer?’
Then he pats the bed beside him:
‘Now, please come to bed and let us get some sleep. Busy day tomorrow.’
They lie entwined together, the softness of her body like a hand that can reach all the way into his heart, to hold it steady there.
Just one slight blemish here, far away from his heart, out where his mind is, near to his intelligence: she is willing to die.
 
Breakfast in the hotel’s restaurant calls up some habits. One is to get the broadband code and download data for the country he is in. It surprises him that he is so near a large body of water: the Black Sea. About as far east as he can go under present circumstances. So be it.
Nika: a morning woman, looking decidedly fresh and rested, an off-cream summer dress, legs sheer down to her red sandals. There is this thing about curves, he is thinking over the muesli and rolls, cream cheese and apricot conserve, hot coffee: decide which is the base curve then search for balance. With most women the curve is that cello curve waist to hip, long curve or short, all women like variations on some ur-curve, for most found on the Venus-de-Milo.
Looking at the young woman across from him on this bright sunny morning, he registers the curve of her calf as the base-curve, seeing how the suggestion of the curve of her thigh as it vanishes into the loose skirt of her dress opens this curve in such a sensuous way. He finds a true echo of this proportion in her arms: the long curve of the forearm leading up to the plump soft muscle of her upper arm – arms that have lifted nothing heavier than a theological treatise.
This is when Pavel arrives to join them. A quick exchange between brother and sister, so that Nika can tell him:
‘Maika is sleeping with Gretta. You see, they grew up together, Gretta’s mother was the housekeeper then. Gretta used to take little maika for walks in the forest – she’s about ten years older than her. And it was Gretta who cared for Pavel when maika returned from London. There has always been the extra bed in Gretta’s room, where maika sleeps when she cannot bear her own company. This is good, Bennie, though you might find it strange, for it has given maika the only constant in her life. Gretta is the only person she trusts.’
How the bustle and warmth of the hotel going about its daily business can vanish just like that. He wonders if he will ever really escape these mountains now. And he can see how she is escaping this world, how her eyes flicker over him all the time as she speaks, her red lips mobile, light flashing in her eyes. But the haunting question always: what is she bringing with her from that world? And Pavel: he might have thought poor Pavel on any other occasion, but here this morning he sees only the bureaucrat, how the waitress and the porter defer to him – not because of who he is, but because of what he is. An official in a society ruled by officialdom, whatever about democracy. Pavel could rot inside and still the populous will make way for him always.
 
Then it’s in Pavel’s 320 to the car dealership. Yes, there is a 320 on offer, good condition, extremely comfortable. Seeing it in the flesh, as it were, disappoints him: the car is a mask, nothing but a mask. He nods to Nika, who just shrugs. Then he sees it: metallic blue – nods to Nika again. She presses her lips together, asking:
‘A4?’
They both laugh.
Then the card does its trick, then they are loaded up, then Pavel is farewelled and wished good luck, then they are gone:
Out on the road again.
 
Once out of town he burns the car along, letting it bounce where is might, overtaking on a variety of sweeps, narrow and wide, getting the feel of the car, its balance, most of all its grip.
The left-hand steering does throw him, taking all morning to get used to her sitting over on his right and he driving. A number of times he felt himself relax and look over at her, ready to chat – only to realise that he was actually doing the driving.
But she is quiet, even so, all the morning, looking at the scenery, not much more. He notices, though, that she is sitting slightly to one side, favouring her right rump, and he wonders if she finds the seat relatively cramped – this based on his own experience of Pavel’s 320.
He waits until lunch time to ask – they in a little café back off the road outside a small village:
‘No. It’s that I wanted to think about something. I didn’t want to feel that the outside world was rushing at me.’
He doesn’t ask her what she was thinking about, and it doesn’t look as though she is going to tell him either. He knows they have been only a morning together, and that they must give themselves time to adjust, but he already feels a fundamental difference between them. He is – as Bertiné was also – ordinary, that is, that they live in the world. But he can see that Nika lives outside the world. Not a question of high and low, but of a habitual disposition. He feels he shares the world with the people about him, in cafés and hotels, on the road, all the time assuming that those he meets are pretty much like himself. No matter where he would be in the world, regardless of race, creed, colour, language: he would feel that some basic features of his life are common to everyone he met. He always smiles at people, always disposed to get along with them, to accommodate and be accommodated. But she is not like that: sees her all the time negotiating her encounters with people, her face like a mask. Not necessarily mere superiority, more like not knowing what to do. And he sees then how people negotiate her: their faces masks too, how they relax if he intervenes. Again, it is not simply a class thing: he just now sees how even Miriam had that attitude, though in her it was a fear of being discovered, her basic insincerity betraying her at every moment.
They have eaten lunch and are seated facing each other in complete silence. He doesn’t want to go back on the road like that, to spend the afternoon running on separate tracks. So he asks:
‘Your studies? What will you do now? You can’t give them up at this stage.’
And she too looks as though she has to come a bit of a distance to join him at this café table:
‘Oh. No, you shouldn’t worry about that, Bennie. Everything I need now is on my laptop. I am about to start work on my thesis. I can do that anywhere.’
‘Can I ask what it’s about?’
‘It’s for a doctorate. I told you before that it was mother’s conviction that she is evil that prompted me to start this. I’ve discovered that evil is a hard subject to study nowadays. They try to divert you into one kind of psychology or another. Even the church doesn’t want to talk about sin anymore. Strange, but they have allowed me to research Hell. Perhaps that’s the only way that modern rationalism can be outflanked. If I say that Hell is a pit, Bennie, would that make sense to you?’
 He sees the mouth he gave Helena, so he says simply:
‘Helena’s mouth?’
She just nods. So he says, meaning to be witty but finding as though at an edge:
‘Better as poetry, I suspect.’
She looks at him for many seconds, looking at him very closely. Then says with a smile:
‘I think you are a Romantic, Bennie.’
 
Later in the afternoon, when he suggests coffee and a bun, he sees that she is glassy-eyed from staring at everything, and so they agree on an early halt for the day, allowing some rest before dinner time. He regards this as fortuitous because – as he sees from the GPS app – the next town beyond the one they are coming into is the fateful one with the police station and all that entailed there. They had been quiet – really too quiet – all through the afternoon, following their own trains of thought. What had he been thinking about? Asked, he would have been surprised to discover that he had thought about art. Why should this surprise him? After all… Well no, he doesn’t regard himself as an artist, fairly certain that he will never be able to climb out from under the dilly label now. He’s back to some early doubt – back when he really doubted himself – about the whole business of representation itself. What is it with images? He remembers one of the older teachers screwing them all up by telling them that the most ambiguous invention of the nineteenth century was that of the motion picture. She told them that it was the greatest gift man could give his ego, putting it at the centre of the whole universe: all of the universe certainly becoming the stage. The strangest part of that afternoon was the difficulty they had in proposing an alternative – the old teacher watching on with the slightest of smiles. Yes, they couldn’t imagine a world, a reality, that did not have them at its centre. And yet he sees now, this afternoon on a busy arterial, that the fact of representation is not explained by the fact of its existence. True, even animals are taken by their own reflection, but they do not deliberately manufacture images of themselves. They neither enhance nor degrade themselves thereby. Only humans do that. Why?
 
Resting side by side in the hotel bedroom, she says:
‘I never realised that so many people existed, Bennie. These roads today were jammed with cars and trucks, and the buses full of people. They were all going somewhere, and yet nobody knew where anybody else was going. And I’m sure it is the same everywhere in the world. Just billions of people on the move all the time. How could God or his Blessed Mother keep up with all that? Look, I remember this. We were stopped in some jam, and there was a bus full of dark skinned women alongside us. And these women in the bus were staring down at me, like they had never seen anyone like me before. And the strangest thing, Bennie, is that I found myself staring back up at them. And then one of the older women gave a little wave to me, and I found myself waving back. And then all of the women waved at me, and all of them had such big smiles, their teeth so white against their dark lips. And then the traffic started moving. But it was so strange to feel the warmth in my chest afterwards. I only saw them for a few minutes and yet the feeling was like love. Have you ever experienced that, Bennie?’
‘Yes, pretty often. It’s what keeps us all going.’
‘You mean that happens all the time? You meet people and they smile and you smile and you all feel so happy?’
‘Why not, Nika? You’ll get used to it. You’ll see that people will really like you. They will like to see you and they will smile with pleasure. And you must learn to relax with such people and smile in return. It costs nothing and yet gives everyone so much pleasure.’
He feels her shaking her head beside him on the bed, thoroughly bemused.
‘And they are not afraid?’
‘No. Why should they be? Oh, there are ill-willed people, surely, but they only come out of the woodwork when all the decent folk have gone home to rest after their day.’
‘Decent folk. Am I decent folk, Bennie?’
‘You must be. Isn’t that how those people treated you today?’
 
And even at dinner in the hotel restaurant, he could see she was still bemused. She was watching everything that went on. Saw waiters handing people menus with a smile and people accepting them with a smile. Saw people making way for each other in doorways, seeming acting in accordance with rules she knew nothing of. And when the waitress came to their table, she saw how he smiled and murmured a thanks as he accepted the menu, and saw how the waitress smiled at her when she thanked her for her copy of the menu. Such a simple exchange stunned her, and she found herself looking for the reason why that young woman – her own age – had been so open towards her. What did she have that deserved such a kindness?
Later, back in their room, she sat in a chair facing the bed and asked him:
‘Why should people be kind to me, Bennie? Until now, people respected me because they knew who I was – I mean my background – but these people today didn’t know who I was. I could have been a murderer, a common prostitute, a thief, for all they knew. Yet they treated me as a good and honourable person. How did I come to deserve that degree of respect from strangers?’
He sits on the bed facing across from her, leaning forward to rest his elbows on his knees:
‘Why did you treat them as good and honourable people – as you term it?’
She’s very surprised at this question:
‘Because I could see that they were good people.’
‘How could you tell? You knew nothing about them. The women on the bus could have been prostitutes being shipped to some event or the spoiled wives of some oil sheik. The waitress tonight might steal your purse when you were not looking.’
‘No, Bennie. I knew they were good. I could see it.’
‘How?’
At this point she does stop. She bends forwards to look down at the carpet, resting her forearms along her thighs.
‘You see, Veronika, it’s about trust. It’s what holds the world together. Nothing else. We trust the drivers around us, trust that we will have water and electricity, that money will keep its value, that dinner will be cooked, that someone will smile at us today.’
Now she does look up at him:
‘And can you not trust me, Bennie?’
That does take him aback, knocking him out of the easy groove he’s found for himself just now:
‘As far as I can, Nika. You know that.’
What she knows is that he is temporising just now:
‘I can say I love you, Bennie. Why can’t you say that too?’
He gets up and kneels on the carpet at her feet, laying his hands on her forearms:
‘I’ll put it this way. One evening I said to Bertiné that I was sorry that I could not love her, and she replied that she was sorry too that she could not love me. Do you know why we had to tell each other that? No, you don’t, Nika. So I’ll tell you. According to my fantasy-woman, my hidden half and myself are related in love – what she calls Eros – bound together in this way until we can reunite again. I can only offer you what the French call regard: that is, I can acknowledge your entire being, while only able to comprehend an existential fraction of who you are, but continue to relate to you in the hope of learning more about you.’
Now he reaches his right hand to her chin and raises her head until they are eye to eye:
‘Now, the fact that you declare love for me tells me that you have not encountered your hidden half, as you have claimed. Is that right?’
This challenge does cow her, but she does manage to maintain eye contact:
‘Yes, that is true. I said it to gain your confidence, Bennie. I did so want you to love me.’
He nods, taking his hand away from her chin and allowing her to move her head – and eyes – as she wants. But she keeps her eyes locked on his:
‘No, that’s fine. No harm done, Nika. But the interesting thing is this: how did you know the colour of your hidden part?’
She tilts her head to one side, surprised by the question:
‘I don’t know. I asked myself – a kind of reflex – and then it was like I saw the word cherven, which translates as red, as though written in my inner vision.’
He smiles hugely, shaking her forearms so that her legs are shaken too:
‘You see? You may not have seen your hidden half, but he was there to help you when you needed it, yes?’
Now she’s stunned, but beginning to smile, nodding:
‘Just like that, you mean?’
He’s nodding too:
‘Yes, just like that. The trick is to learn to catch the answers to your questions.’
Now she stands, an excitement running through her:
‘You mean I can do that anytime?’
He stands up too, facing her:
‘Yes, but you must learn to look out for the answers. They can come to you in different ways. I can tell you another thing, Nika. You look back over your studies and see the number of times you just put your hand on the right book, or someone gave you what turned out to be the answer to a question you were asking yourself. That’s how it works. All the time.’
Suddenly, the delight makes her look so young, like she’s going back to some point of contact, back when she was a teenager, when she asked the fundamental question – no doubt long forgotten now.
She throws her arms about his neck, hugging him tightly, whispering:
‘Thank you, oh thank you.’
He returns her embrace, the flow of life in her soft body like a charge that runs up through him. For the first time, he feels his impotence, like he was a spent battery that could no longer be charged. Whatever about his cosmic or spiritual destiny, there is a deep regret in him.
 
And he watches her at breakfast. A coincidence that the same waitress serves them: watching her smile with more assurance this time, and how the young woman responds, even exchanging words in their language. And the waitress even reaches to touch her hair – her tray held to one side in her left hand – and she reacts and touches her hair too, a wide smile on her face, eyes shining.
After the waitress has gone he asks:
‘What was that about?’
‘Oh, she liked my hair. She wondered how I managed to make it so light. I will get her some of the shampoo and conditioner I use before we leave.’
Then suddenly she is in the world – like everyone around her. But he says softly:
‘Remember, Nika, some will envy you, so young and beautiful.’
She nods, but continues to glow:
‘That I know about, Bennie. I need not be out in the world – as you term it – to know about spite.’
And she is true to her word, slipping away to a nearby pharmacy, then stopping the young woman over by the entrance to the kitchen, a paper bag in her hand. Her back is to him, but he sees how she nods to reassure the young woman, then how she is kissed in gratitude, even tilting her head to accommodate the grateful young woman.
And then watches as she walks towards him in the car outside the hotel, walking on air, her shoulders raised, head up, the long line of her slim body so gently curved all the way down to her slender ankles. He feels close to her – close enough to feel he is in her body as she walks on air – and yet he is so far away from her, like she was on the other side of a screen in a completely different reality. And he thinks, projecting at his fantasy-woman – who says she is always with him: why let me come to this pass: love-sick without respite?
And the answer comes immediately:
‘What other kind of love is there in this wretched realm, Bernard?’
 
 Funny experience driving through that town, even noting the police station back from the Square. She does look, nodding, but he can see that she is already moving away from that world. And it is only now – seeing how indifferent she is to that event and what it led to in her home – that he wonders how contrived the whole murder scenario was. The presence of that girl, Heloise, looking for him that evening might well have served as the pretext for the scheme. And again, how easy it was for Pavel to resolve the situation. Was there even a charge made against him in the first place?
Even as he frets about that, he is aware that he’s is not sure of the next stage of their journey. He was brought into this town in the back of a police car, so no idea how to get out. He pulls over to check the GPS app. She waits a while then asks:
‘Is there a problem?’
‘Can’t figure out how to cross the uplands to the north. I was brought here in a police car and I just can’t figure which of these roads will take us over.’
‘Why not head west, then north around the hills?’
‘May have a problem at the border.’
‘Can I see?’
She studies the screen, shifting the display back and forwards, then:
‘Why is it blank there?’
‘No data for that country. But I can get that at the next roadside café. But that is not the problem.’
She nods, then hands the phone back to him.
‘You have passport and driving licence in good order?’
He’s taken aback by her phrasing, so official:
‘Yes, of course.’
‘Good. Fine. Get the data we need, then drive on to the border. No, it will be fine. You’ll see. Perhaps I could drive then, Bennie?’
He’s seeing another person emerge now, official: brisk and precise. Well, her father was an official and her brother, too.
‘Sure. I take it you have the required documents too?’
This is banter: she looks over at him:
‘Always had them with me, though rarely got to use them.’
So it’s coffee and chocolate, data downloaded for the next country. Then she changes into tee-shirt and slacks, a cute red scarf banding her neck. He discovers that she drives with some determination, able to keep her place against the best of them, remarkably courteous as required.
He says at one point, testing the water in a way:
‘You are the first woman to drive me, Nika. Strange that.’
‘Bertiné?’
‘No. She had no interest at all and I just assumed she didn’t drive. But as I say, I’ve never been on a long road trip with a woman before this particular jaunt. And I did assume that you didn’t drive either.’
‘No. I had lessons when I was old enough, but Pavel would never let me drive. I was lucky I had a friend at university who let me drive her car. I like driving. So we can share the driving, mornings, evenings, whichever suits you best.’
He is honestly impressed by her now, so much so that he says impulsively:
‘You are so accomplished, Nika. I feel like an amateur in your company now.’
She likes hearing that: nearly as good as a declaration of love.
 
And if he thought she was accomplished, watching her handle the border officials was an object lesson in the operation of officialdom. Flashed her passport, a few words, and a senior official is out at the car. Cursory examination of his documents, glance across at his honest face, official stamps here and there, and they are on their way. She explained afterwards:
‘Tatko was a senior official dealing with foreign affairs. That was a major crossing, so I thought there would be a senior official who would have known about him. And if that hadn’t worked, a phone call to their headquarters would have sorted it out. Would have taken longer, but there we are. Which way now?’
‘North-west. Follow this main route. I’ll handle the capital by-pass if you like.’
 
The next thing they learned is this: they can work as a team. Lunch is filled rolls and water in a layby. Coffee later from a truck stop just off the motorway, where they walk back and forth to stretch their legs, then they change seats, he feeling fresh and ready for the by-pass. Ring-roads are hell and this one is no different, but she sits tight on the route with the app, calling out junctions in good time, co-piloting across busy intersections.
Then they are through in good order, pulling in at the next town, booking into the best hotel while there is still good light.
They should rest awhile, but both are pent up, feeling that they should test the new quality in the relationship: two people out together sharing an adventure. And it is like that, walking through quiet streets side by side in casual gear, not talking – which seems to be the new norm – just taking the evening air as they look for a local restaurant or café to eat.
However that might be, they are no sooner seated in a booth at the back of a little place in a side street than he has misgivings. The menu is incomprehensible, chalked on a board above a counter manned by a bully-looking old woman. The place is clean – and he knows it would annoy the old woman if he doubted that – but everything is old and worn, some patching he can see on the tablecloths. He asks in a low voice:
‘What do you think?’
She looks around, as though she hasn’t already done this, and shrugs:
‘You wanted local colour, Bennie. You have to remember this is a country off the grid, even by my standards. They are suspicious of outsiders, but as you explained to me today, left to themselves and treated with respect, most people are good-willed.’
Then this young man is at their table, gruff and watchful. She smiles at him, makes a point of reading from the board behind the bar, orders food and drink, smiles a winning smile. Yes, the young man is abashed, feverishly writing on a pad, looking up to admire her as often as he can. When he’s gone away into the back of the café, she smiles the winning smile at him and says with deliberate complacency:
‘See? All done with a smile, Bennie.’
And he has to admire her too:
‘What have we let loose on the world? But how did you manage the language?’
She is pleased with herself, honestly pleased both with her success with the young man and now with him:
‘Fiddled the language a bit. We’re on the main route through the country, so even a little place like this will have its share of passing trade.’
This is fine at first, but as the café fills up with evening diners, her untypical beauty begins to attract more interest than even she can handle. He can do invisibility in such a situation as this, but it is hard for her and he sees her become more constrained, even beginning to shift away from the ardent gazes.
There might have been some awkwardness at the end of the meal – when it came time to get up and walk out between the closely packed tables – but the old woman picks this moment to come to the table with their bill. She accepts their currency, especially with the generous tip added, and then very pointedly escorts them out of the café, walking close by her especially, hands active in a way that every man in their path fully understands.
 
They stand away from each other in the hotel room. If she has broken out of the restraints of home life, he is finding that he also is being pushed out of a habitual life. Asked before tonight how he conceived his relations with women, he would have said something to the effect of parallel tracks. Mutual convenience, while each looked after personal concerns alone. This way of engaging allowed for easy hook-ups and equally easy un-hookings. Today, he finds, he has been drawn into an entirely different relationship. Now he must care about the personal concerns of another person. And what he discovers is this: he doubts he has the capacity to do this. Oh, he is willing – very willing – to do this for her, but he doubts his ability to do it. He had seen that tonight: he had no way of protecting her himself. Worse, he could never have been able to cope with the aftermath. Anger would have got him beaten up and maybe she even more seriously molested. Submission would have bred shame in both of them, which would have eaten into them for as long as they were together.
As on other occasions, she knows what to say to him:
‘What would Bertiné have done tonight?’
Easy to answer that:
‘We would not have gone there.’
‘Why not?’
‘That’s not the way to see it, Nika. The main reason we ended up there was solely to do with us two. I don’t know how you felt tonight, but for me it was like parading something we had discovered together today. It wasn’t just the vanity of showing you off, it was more about showing the two of us together off. Can you see that?’
He sees how she relaxes at once:
‘That’s how I felt too, Bennie. I was proud of us both. I felt today that we could do anything we wanted together. That is a completely new feeling for me. I feel free with you, my love. I feel I can go anywhere in this world with you and be safe from harm.’
Now he is just that bit ironic:
‘But it took an old woman tonight to save you, Nika. Remember that.’
 Now she is emphatic:
‘No, Bennie. She protected both of us. Never forget that. We two together are safe.’
He’s taken aback by her certainty, fearing hubris:
‘But we have to be sensible.’
She laughs out at that:
‘When were you ever sensible, Bennie my love?’
 
Later in bed together, she whispers, lying close by his side:
‘What did you spirit woman tell you last night?’
‘How do you know that?’
‘I felt her presence. Remember that I love you, Bennie. So what did she tell you about love?’
‘That this is the best love that can be found in this realm.’
‘See. You are going to have to admit that you love me, my dearest, sooner or later.’
And then of course he sees what bothers him:
‘It frightens me, Nika. Honestly. I don’t think I am capable of loving.’
‘We’ll see. Now please kiss me goodnight, my love.’
Her lips are warm, always warm. His lips are cool, always cool.
Kissing her, he sinks away inside himself, not believing the experience even as it works through him.
 
Rain, next morning rain, heavy rain. Nothing has prepared him for the spray on the motorway, nothing on his small home island. Big trucks, running to six axles, booting along at max permitted speed. Several times he found the car trapped among a group of these trucks, the wipers barely able to handle the muddy spray, the din of the water dashing against all surfaces of the car compressive in a frightening way.
He pulls into the next service area after the third such incident. They get coffee, as much to get out of the car for a while as the need for the caffeine. He is fraught, finding himself being jibbed in what he can now recognise has been a state of flight ever since leaving the ocean’s shore. She sits opposite, watching him struggle, then says:
‘I can try, Bennie. But I don’t think I could do better.’
He is fretting, that middle of nowhere feeling that has long haunted him:
‘But we have to press on, Nika. The roads right across the continent will be like this. We need a method of sorts, an attitude.’
Then he has it:
‘Do you like music?’
She nods vigorously:
‘That’s a good idea. You choose what you like, Bennie. I don’t know much about that kind of music.’
He’s smiling now, surprised he hasn’t thought of this before. Strange, even though he met Bertiné in a club of sorts, he never associated her with music. He gets up:
‘Come on. Let’s see if the car has bluetooth. I’ve a ton of music on the phone.
Not only has the car got bluetooth, but it seems to have speakers everywhere, speakers that can be raised to club level. First they agree music, she accepting his proposal that electro-disco will suit the pace of the road best. Then they set volume – which will be adjusted once they are under way.
Each of his playlists lasts about ninety minutes. So the first one gets them to lunchtime, then a second gets them to afternoon coffee – sitting in the car, windows open, music spreading out into the world all about. After that the rain eases, the sky clearing gradually, late afternoon sun beaming in from the left.
They have two tasks now. One, cross the border this evening? Two, what music would then suit her driving? So they do cross the border towards the end of the day shift, officials just waving them through and back onto the grid, as it were. The music is a matter of some discussion. She thought music she was used to might suit best. She is surprised by the range he can offer her – for someone who seems quite comfortable with hard-driven electro pulses – Ravel, Chopin, Beethoven, even Rameau and Monteverdi, all chamber music. But as he points out, the variation in sound levels will mean that much of the music will be lost on a busy motorway. But, and this is the result of her own search: there is Beethoven’s Sixth Symphony, the Dresdner. Had he been told, he would not have believed it: the Pastoral works very well at one twenty klicks surrounded by buses and artics, big cars and wobbly vans, crossing the border with a thunder storm in progress.
What a way to go.
 
 They are like workers after a long day of toil, throwing off the work clothes, then to shower and dress for the evening. Again, they are surprisingly quiet together, scrubbing each other’s back in the shower, suggesting clothes, then – quite suddenly – flat on the bed together. She is very intense, urgent and hungry, pushing her groin at him until he finally touches her, when she just quietens down and smiles so sweetly. For him it is very strange indeed. He is aroused, intensely so as well, but it is as though it is behind a fence, as though on another level, in a different realm. But he does stroke her, very deliberately, knowing that he is bringing the passion to her, not sharing it. Does joy include tears? It does, and for both of them too. She is lying on her back by now, legs apart as he strokes her lips up and down, up and down, fingertips oiled by the flow from her vagina, her body pulsing with the pleasure waves streaming through her. Yet her eyes are almost solemn, looking searchingly into his face as though she might see through some barrier into the realm of his passion. And she kisses his face repeatedly, here on the cheek, there on the lips, then on his eyelids, a low crooning sound flowing from her, her arms holding him steadily against her soft breasts. Her climax is sudden, she steeling herself, looking intently into his eyes, trying to tell him something – and something gives way in him, tears, yes, but also a wave of some kind he knows about with certainty, even though he experiences nothing.
Then she whispers:
‘Can you hear the music, my darling?’
So that is what it is. And he remembers her description, a low murmur of a forest, like the voice of the departed.
He nods, and she tightens her embrace of him, holding him in to her soft body with a strength she shouldn’t really have.
 
How many levels are there? Tonight they are downstairs in the hotel restaurant, at ease with each other, not talking, feeling invulnerable together. The staff are attentive, charmed by her ready smiles, his easy ways, his obvious affection for his companion: a couple in love.
And who doesn’t love a couple in love, who doesn’t make the way easy for them, like they are a happiness fountain filling the space all about them?
 
Good that they could spread some happiness, still good until she catches on that he has turned east on the main east-west route across this part of the continent – back on the track he had taken the previous week with another woman.
He stops at the first likely café, still too early for the mid-morning break, getting them seated in a quiet corner, pent up with what he has to say:
‘I’ve been thinking all night about this, Nika. Look, you are such a very accomplished person – I have never known another woman like you. A couple of days ago you seemed no more than a well- behaved upper-class daughter, who seemed to have spent her life so far in convents. Of course, I became infatuated with you – even then you were unique – and you were taken with the novelty of who I was. Now – God, Nika – you could do anything you want in this world. You amaze me. Not only by what you are capable of, but how well you can judge your abilities. You’re not a fool, nor are you vain. I mean, yesterday you knew you couldn’t cope with the rain either, yet you knew you could handle the border. The thing is now, Nika, what are you doing with me? I’m not in your league. You should be with a man of ability – like yourself – the two of you making your way in this world together. As it is, you’re stuck with a eunuch and the best you can expect is some dead zone beside an ocean, and masturbation every now and then. You should meet your own kind of man – from your own class – marry and have a proper sex relationship, and even children. Can you imagine the kind of children you would have: with your brains and beauty, your drive and flexibility? Don’t waste your life on me, Nika. It might be great for me, but you’ll just end up like your mother, bitter and depressed.’
Round of applause for some kind of sincerity anyway. She’s not applauding, though, just sitting facing him. Her eyes are steady, glinting blue in the morning light filtered through a side window. She’s dressed this morning in a pastel pink cotton shirt – very fresh, very feminine – and light slacks, pale blue in colour, her red sandals gracing her beautiful feet. This is what he is looking at while he waits for her response: and it is too much – he bursts out crying.
How many carefree people are like that? Not a care in the world, up for anything and at anytime – and yet: comes that fateful moment when a brute fact is presented. There’s the sad truth of this man: beauty overwhelms him. It’s like he’s a child in a garden of flowers in some paradise, who knows all the time that there is something else: but all he can see of it is its beauty.
Then she asks, quite matter-of-fact:
‘What do you propose now, Bennie?’
That stops his crying pretty quickly. But he has the answers:
‘Well, either I drive you back home, or else I leave you at the nearest mainline station. I can give you money for the fare and all that.’
She’s watching him with a steady expression. She pauses then says:
‘Well, I won’t need your money, Bennie. Tatko left me everything. The estate is smaller than maika’s, but the land is better and there are two famous fishing rivers. There’s also a house – larger than maika’s – and it has a better view, overlooking the Black Sea. So, I can look after myself from here on. And what are you going to do?’
He’s still metaphorically gulping, and full of admiration for her cool, thinking: Jesus, what can this woman not do? Also, he’s still wiping the wet from his face – even feeling better for the best cry he’s had in his life:
‘Me? I’ll head on back west as I planned. You needn’t worry about me either, Nika. I’ll get by.’
She stands up, brushing down the front of her shirt in such a way that he sees that she is not wearing a bra. She nods to him and says:
‘Well, my love. I will book into an hotel near here and wait until you come back for me.’
Then she walks out of the café, out across the carpark towards the local access road. He’s at the door, running, just in time to see the very large artic swing into the carpark and head straight for her:
‘NIKA!’
That and the blare of the truck’s mighty klaxon alert her. She simply stops moving. The truck’s superb air braking system is already engaged, and even he can see from the judder of the trailer that it is empty.
The truck stops about a metre and half from her. He’s still running, his throat frozen with fear for her, and the driver has leaned out and is shouting very loudly:
‘YOU STUPID BITCH!’
She looks up at the driver, shrugs her shoulders and then smiles for him. Does it work? Of course it does – he’s just as relieved as everyone else in the area: who wants to see a squashed body on a nice morning like this?
Meanwhile, he has taken her by the shoulders and is holding her into him, breathing her name over and over. The driver has got down from the cab and comes over:
‘Sorry, love, didn’t mean to yell at you like that. I got a fright too.’
She looks at the driver again, shaking her head, and he says to him:
‘Bit of a tiff. You know, the morning that’s in it.’
The driver must be in his forties, lean and tanned, a fast-paced opportunist: he knows the score:
‘Sure. And yes, I came in too fast. Dying to pee. Listen, gotta run. Glad you’re OK, love.’
He tips the elbows of both of them and is gone: the truck, by the way, sitting out in the middle of the carpark.
 
He standing there, his arms around her – they too still in the middle of the carpark – and he is remembering his mother once telling him that one of the worst moments she had with him was when he had his first accident. She was lifting him out of bathing tub she used when he was an infant. Her hand slipped and he hit his head on the edge of the plastic tub. He cried mostly from shock, but she told him years later it was the look he gave her that haunted for a long time afterwards. She felt she had let him down, and could never think of how to make up for that. It was like a loss of innocence.
That’s how he feels there, the two of them standing in the warming sun, the growl of the motorway not far off, voices coming from the direction of the café. He’s at the point of trying to frame an apology – some kind of sincere apology – when she looks up at him says:
‘And now, my love?’
 
Well, they must travel a good bit east until they reach an interchange that allows them swing around and head west. They are quiet together in the car, and both know they are going to be a long time that day quiet together. But they are together.
Even so, they can coordinate very well in silence, nod here, glance of an eye there, telepathic in agreeing when and where to stop. They manage lunch, then afternoon coffee, then an early halt at a modest but comfortable hotel just east of their next big city bypass. It is still a pleasant evening, the vegetation surrounding this hotel fresh and vividly green after yesterday’s rain. They walk together by an artificial pond in a deserted little park, side by side, stopping together to admire flowers, ducks, even a group of children at play on some swings.
Later, on their way back, they chance to pass a small dress shop, and without any particular signal they both turn and go in. Not every dress in the shop attracts her attention, but he can sit in a chair almost in the front window and watch her parade dress after dress. She chooses a dress and has him choose one: both of which she then buys. In their room they begin to discuss which dress she should wear at dinner. She is naked, he just out of the shower: they fall on each other. He need not even stimulate her this evening, her legs wrapped about his waist, her lips rubbing urgently against his flaccid penis. When she peaks he hears that strange music again, like a variation on one note, played on a simple wind instrument somewhere very far away. He asks in the heat of the moment: Is that the music?
‘Yes. That is the music, Bernard. Thank you.’
They hold tight to each other, kissing faces, cheeks, brow, lips, each crooning – part moan, part long-held sigh. Is this the music, too?
Yes, it is.
 
It’s the next morning. The only thing he seems to remember is waking up in the middle of the night to find her crying – her tears cooling on his neck had awakened him – he holding her in a gentle embrace until she quietens and they both fell asleep again.
Today he drives, heading into a ring-road system with indecipherable signage. He highlights the junctions they need to negotiate with little red flags in the GPS app, then follows her directions for the next three hours with complete confidence. Lunch then in a service station – just rolls and water – both satisfied with the morning’s work. It’s her turn then to pick out a postcard, write it up, get a stamp from a machine, pop it in a post-box. He can read nothing of it – cyrillic script – though she tells him it’s for both Pavel and maika. The scene is an old castle, lots of turrets and flags, like a home from home perhaps.
She drives through the afternoon while he listens to the Beatles on headphones, just ripe for their sad nostalgia, the boys out in front recording the world they are all leaving. He’s also remembering the trips they made at college, all the excitement and sightseeing on the way out, everyone lost in books or music on the way back, complete silence. That’s what it is like for him as the evening comes on: he’s going home again. And this then prompts him to look over at her – driving intently in busy evening traffic – and seeing something he can’t quite grasp, and which he thinks now – after the near-death experience – he will never be able to grasp. Is love like this? Always too big for us, too far, too fast. Is it something he is to run after for the rest of his life: this wonderful person at his side now always in some way ahead of him. And it is like that: each time he looks at her, it’s like he catches a glimpse – and only a glimpse – of some utterly fantastic phenomenon. Think of all the books, films, the poetry and the art about love: what do we actually know? Like something glimpsed as it turns a corner, goes over a horizon, disappears into the darkness.
He removes the headphones and says:
‘Nika, I would say I love you if I didn’t think there would be jealousy. Instead, my love, judge me by my actions, how I will serve you, and only you.’
She’s too busy to look over: the best she can do is nod, her beautiful shoulders lifting.
 
It’s not till late in the evening, just back up from the restaurant and hardly in the door – as they used to say – when she raises the subject:
‘Jealousy?’
She’s wearing one of the new dresses, blue and with three thin lines of a bright violet banding the figured waist. It’s meant to look expensive, but it was just the thing for the evening, the local bourgeoisie particularly sensitive to cost. If it had been left to his style, they might have been lucky to get a table over by the busy pantry. As it was, they had a table front and centre – the local bourgeoisie also hard-bitten and inbred, and thus needing to import young beauty – so she and her dress got a lot of attention.
The truth is that this arrangement served them both well as a kind of camouflage, working to create a presence in the place when both of them were far away together in that other land of love: the spiritual one of jealous love. Mapping this realm is very difficult: it will always depend upon perspective. This is fine – as far as it goes – in the land of the living: lovers can flee. But in that other realm there is only one solution: death. Asked, he would say that the situation makes no sense, but he would also have to admit that the situation exists. He has asked, being reasonable: What threat is there? The answer:
‘You won’t ever let her die, Bernard. That’s the plain truth and you know it.’
So how does he answer her now, back upstairs in their hotel room? He is standing looking out the window, the lights of the thoroughfare below shaded by the old trees that line both sides. The tram system is quaint, some of the carriages seemingly still made of wood. He sees one rattling by now, focusing on an old woman in the last carriage who sits upright, a bright red scarf trailing over what might be a pale pink dress. He is wondering about her life. Did she love? Did she suffer for love? Or did she not bother, settling for security and some children? And the only answer he can see, the only answer there is to every problem of life: death.
He turns and says to her – she standing just inside the now-closed door, the dress looking odd and contrived on her, seen in how her arms hang listlessly by her sides:
‘I’m haunted by the sound of your bones breaking, the sound dulled by your wet flesh.’
She nods hearing that:
‘I can still feel the heat from the engine, like the breath of a dragon.’
Then she comes forward towards him, the dress stiff on her supple body, raising her right hand towards him:
‘But I have allowed for my death, Bennie.’
He’s aghast to hear her say this, as though he had not heard her say it very clearly before to him:
‘No, Nika. And she knows this too, in case you haven’t realised this yet. She knows what I know.’
She nods again, lowering her eyes. She turns so he can unzip the dress, which she simply shakes down off her body. She steps away, naked except for panties, turning to the bed, saying as she goes:
‘I will pray now, Bennie. There is an answer. We have to find it, that’s all.’
He watches her walk across to the far side of the bed, peel the panties down and lay them across the top of a nearby chair, then get into the bed, lie out flat and draw the cover up over herself. She begins to whisper in her own language, an element of chant in the tone. He can even discern some words, Christos, especially, and Bog, which sounds as though it might be God. He feels he should kneel at this side of the bed – in sympathy, if for no other reason – something he did for a while after starting school, until he caught himself on. And then he does just that.
She must have felt the impact through the mattress, for she opens her eyes and looks over at him:
‘Say Maĭchitse, beloved. Just say that word.’
He looks at her with a kind of wonder: do what? Then he joins his hands – good Christian fashion from childhood – and intones:
‘Maĭchitse.’
And she says what must be a response of some kind, then looks at him again, so that he repeats:
‘Maĭchitse.’
Again that response, looks at him again:
‘Maĭchitse.’
Again that response. Then she nods, smiles a big smile for him, and asks:
‘Yes?’
He just nods, saying before he knows what he is saying:
‘Emerald. Either a ring or a necklace.’
Now she sits up in the bed, the cover falling away:
‘First thing tomorrow, Bennie.’
He gets to his feet – aware that he has yet to be astonished – and begins to undress, saying as he does:
‘Two things here, Nika. I must gift it to you and I must handle it first. That’s essential. If you see something you like, then I must hand it to you to try on. Do you understand that?’
She is looking at his nakedness, limp penis notwithstanding, her eyes running up and down him as though he was a sculpture in a museum somewhere, saying:
‘You go one about my beauty, dear heart, and I never praise your beauty. What makes a man beautiful, do you think? Will I tell you? See man as a kind of serpent, then see how his gonads add something to this serpent, like horns maybe. That’s the earthly man, my love. Then there is the other man that you are, the man of wings, mighty wings. How do I see those, you might ask? With the eyes of love I watch your eyes, and in your eyes I see the fire. Then I see your wings.’
She stops quite suddenly, only now realising what she is saying. She puts her right hand to her mouth, she now astonished at herself – before he has got around to it on his own behalf – and says to him, voice of wonder:
‘That is maika’s hell. Why did I not see that before? Through love, Bennie, I see wings in the fire of your eyes. Maika only saw the fire and the serpent. You see? Maika did not love the man, Henry. It was lust, only lust. Oh, the Mother of God has blessed me too tonight. How much I understand now.’
This is Saint Teresa now in her ecstasy. Well, he thinks with his protective irony: she has spent a lot of time in convents. He goes into the bathroom to clean his teeth and have a pee.
Emerald. Who would have thought? The one colour missing so far: green.
Now he can do astonishment, even as he no longer believes it.
 
Next morning bright and early: the hotel is on the main street of this town, and just a few doors along this boulevard they find a jewellers, a large and successful-looking jewellers. There is a language problem, none of the staff speaking any of the languages they have available. So he mimics necklace and ring and says:
‘Emerald.’
Staff lead them over to this counter, pull out trays of diamonds – diamond stuck to gold, stuck to platinum, stuck to large limps of these metals and so sporting large price tags. He suffers the encouraging smiles, bemused at the sheer greed on display, while she slopes off to take a look around the shop. Sure enough, she’s back in a few moments, tipping his elbow. Yes, there are trays of emerald encrusted jewellery – lots of little gems stuck to gold and silver, rings, necklaces, bracelets, earrings, all with very ambitious price tags. He says, just as this little old man approaches them:
‘Tat. It’s all tat, Nika.’
She looks over at him, quizzical:
‘Tat?’
‘Oh, junk, rubbish. This is a really trashy place, Nika.’
The old man says:
‘Bad English here. Sprechen Sie Deutsch?’
He has to smile:
‘Schlechte Deutsch hier.’
The old man smiles in reply:
‘Gut. Gantz gut, Ja? So, Smaragd? Emerald? Yes. Ich habe besondere. Yes, special emerald?’
His first instinct tells him rip-off, his second instinct tells him that this old man doesn’t need to do rip-off anymore. So he looks at her and she shrugs, why not?
The old man lead them across to a door, opens it and leads them down a short, heavily carpeted corridor. The room is obviously as much an office as a private showroom. The old man crosses to a safe, spins the combination this way and that, open and draws out a flat case. He beckons them to join him at the desk. Opening the case they see a quite ordinary-looking necklace and ring made of modest silver. The only noticeable feature – after their experience out in the shop – is that the gems are relatively large, the one set into the necklace especially attractive, the face cut flat, giving it a mirroring quality. She puts her hand out to touch, then catches herself on abruptly. The thing here, he notices, is how the old man reacts to her, saying:
‘Ja, liebe frau, ist Spezial. Come here, please.’
There’s a laptop to one side of the desk. The old man types waits, types again, then signals them to take a look.
Coincidence, of course, but they do find themselves looking at the very castle on the postcard on the way to maika and Pavel. He has to smile: he knows all about this kind of thing. Anyway, the accompanying text is in English on the screen.
The gist: Count so-and-so is possessed by a demon, which has led him to refuse the advances of his loving wife. She goes to a wise-man, who gives her a charm that will give her control of the demon. The count and his wife then resume their loving relationship. That is until one day the countess is struck by lightning. The count knows it is the work of the demon and he goes and throws himself off the battlements of the castle.
Well, they know something of this story. She walks back around the desk to look at the jewellery in the case. The old man hastens to follow her, saying in a low voice:
‘Bitte, nicht Tasten. Touch, no.’
He can see that she was going to touch them after all, the fascination is plain on her face. The old man signals him to come over, signalling with some urgency. When he joins them, the old man tells them both, pointing down to the jewellery:
‘Kein Charme. Charm, no. Important. Please. Sie sind eine Brücke. No charm magic. No. Bridge. Yes, bridge. ’
And he has caught on to the old man’s drift, interjecting suddenly:
‘No demon.’
The old man nods vigorously:
‘Ja, ja, kein Dämon, Ungeist. Sie ist ein Geist. Good spirit. Verstehen Sie?’
He says, extremely satisfied :
‘Yes. Ich verstehe. She is good. My other half. Meine andere Hälfte, ja? Verstehen Sie?’
The old man reaches his right hand and grasps his left hand:
‘Ja, ja, gut. So, wir alle verstehen?’
She comes forward, nodding and reaching her hand to the old man’s other hand. The relief on the old man’s face is remarkable. There are even tears welling up in his eyes. He leans towards them, nodding towards the case:
‘Mein Urgrossvater hat diese gemacht.’
He echoes:
‘Your grandfather? No, your great-grandfather, yes? He made these. For the countess?’
‘Ja. Great-grandfather? Yes, he made these special. Emerald bridge to spirit? Yes?’
She’s gone back to gazing at the jewellery, while he asks:
‘Can we buy? Können wir sie kaufen?’
His nod is emphatic.
‘Yes. Please.’
He can see that she is aching to touch them, so he has his free hand ready to intervene:
‘How much do you want for them? Bitte, gib uns ein preis.’
The old man lets their hands go and waves his hands shopkeeper-fashion, blowing air as though the subject is trivial:
‘Oh, say fifty. They are special for you.’
They are both thinking: fifty what? He has to ask:
‘Fifty what?’
The old man waves his hand again:
‘Oh, Euros, Dollars. Whichever.’
He finds the back of his neck is sweating:
‘Fifty Euros. Seriously, they are worth thousands.’
The old man cocks his head to one side, a trace of a knowing amusement in his smile:
‘But you will not sell them, no?’
He has to nod to that, relaxing. He asks her:
‘How much have you got on you?’
Quite a lot, it seems, judging by the bulge of the strange purse she takes from her bag. He pulls out what is left of his right back pocket wad and lays it on the desk. She pulls out a wad of brown notes from the purse and lays them beside his wad.
The old man is shaking his head vigorously, so he says:
‘Charity? Give to charity? Wohltätige?’
The old man catches on immediately, smiling hugely at them both:
‘Ihr seid ein gutes Paar. Good love, yes?’
And then they smile in return:
‘Good love, yes. And you are a good man.’
The old man is taking an envelope from a drawer in the desk. He puts all the money in and seals it, then places it in the safe.
He then comes back and says to him, pointing at the jewellery:
‘You take now in hand?’
So he lifts the necklace slowly from the case, letting it hang in the air for a moment, the jewel flashing brilliantly even in the low light of the room. Then he hands it to her. She takes it and holds it up to the light, the jewel flashing again. Then she lays the necklace back in the case. Now he takes up the ring and hands that to her, the flash of the jewel more subdued. She takes in her hand, looking at it flat in her palm, and then returns it to the case. Both men have watched this with puzzlement, both eager to see a beautiful woman don beautiful jewellery for the first time. She says, closing the case:
‘They must be blessed first.’
 
He pulls into the first service stop on the motorway, explaining:
‘Let’s get some coffee first. Then we can plan bypassing this city.’
She looks spaced, she is spaced: same with him, but they do need to get on. He can’t escape the ambiguity: the problem with bridges is that they carry two-way traffic. He starts, once they have a quiet place with their coffee:
‘Look, Nika, you need to be sure about what we’re doing here. Put it this way, with these emeralds it will be like plugging into another level of being altogether. I mean, you personally don’t need to do this. So you really need to be sure.’
She does listen attentively to him and waits a while after he has finished. Then:
‘We should leave this till this evening, Bennie. But let me say this now, so that we understand each other. Once I have made my preparation – which I will do this evening – I will be as well prepared as either of us can be. I have studied my mother for many years and have studied the history of this kind of phenomenon. And from what I learned last night about evil – thanks to the agency of the Holy Mother – I am now very sure of what I am doing. So please, Bennie, can we concentrate upon our journey today.’
He nods acceptance, though he will not relinquish his reservations: she really has no idea what she is getting into. For a moment – much to his own disquiet – he regrets that Bertiné is not here: she had direct experience of the power involved here. So far, now, he has knowledge of three women who succumbed to that power, caught up in what Nika herself has called lust. Bertiné not only could handle it, but she also had a use for it on a plane that complemented its source in him.
He had planned suggesting that she drive today – it would cap her experience of this kind of road-work – then suspects she would be too distracted after the meeting with the old man. Now, however, he thinks it would be the best way of bringing her back down to earth. She is willing, so he takes on the task of navigator and co-pilot, the key junctions marked with little flags on the app.
Turns out he is more unsure of himself as navigator – his concentration is not really good enough, poor personal discipline – than of her as driver. She can even give him a lesson in road-politics: tangle coming onto the crucial junction, especially a fast-tracker in a top end beamer who wants her out of his way. He, of course, would muscle for the advantage. She stops the car, shrugs those shoulders of hers and smiles across at the driver, then nips through as he deals with the effect of her lure. Even so, there is a lesson here for both of them, a lesson both have had to learn in other contexts: she draws too much attention, whether she likes it or not.
 
He waits until the evening – when they have stopped early in a pretty town over towards the high mountains to the south – to raise this issue with her. They have booked into a pretty hotel, freshened up and changed, and are at present walking in a pretty park that surrounds a very pretty river just late from the high mountains.
He recognises that the balance between them has changed. It’s not that he expects women to be compliant – for the want of a better word in the context – it’s that he has never really felt dependent upon a woman before now. Again, this is not quite accurate: he was dependent upon his mother for a long time indeed, but that simply underlines what he is thinking. Until now, he has been able to look after himself as an adult, and where he needed the help of a woman – for the obvious reason – the service was mutual, the woman as dependent on him as he on her.
Now, it is not simply a matter of dependence. In the matter of his dealings with his fantasy-woman, Bertiné served him, it is true, but she also served herself. Perhaps that is why she disappeared. She had helped him as far as she could and found that she had advanced herself – and her hidden part – as far as she could here, so that there was nothing else to do but let her dragon-man take her away: dying now so they could come back prepared for the next stage.
This understanding satisfies him: it might be self-serving, but it might also be true. So he says to her, walking at his side along the bank of this river:
‘You shouldn’t need to depend upon your charm, as you did today, Nika. Men can be really vengeful, you know.’
She continues to look forward, silent, then says:
‘You’re saying I’m too beautiful to be let out into the ordinary world?’
There’s a chill in her voice that he has never heard before. But he has started this conversation:
‘I’m saying you need to be more practical. That guy today would have rammed us, had you not got away so quickly. That’s what you have to consider. It’s the same rule as in war: don’t start anything you cannot finish. For me, that situation would never have arisen, if only because I constantly judge in terms of head-to-head conflict. That means I constantly estimate the value of the options I have available. But what you do is push your luck in the belief that you can charm your way out of any difficulty. There’s too much risk in that, Nika.’
Now she does stop walking, turning to face him:
‘This is not about today, Bennie, is it? I admit that I didn’t handle that incident well, and also admit that was because I couldn’t judge my options – as you put it. There was too much going on.’
And yes, he also knows that he is not talking about today at that junction. He indicates a wooden bench-seat facing out over the river:
‘OK, let’s leave that now. The point I am making is this: your charm will not work with the fantasy-woman. She can kill you, if she really wants to. Do you understand me, Nika? You will need to play straight with her. And the other aspects. One, don’t depend on your academic knowledge, either. She is intelligence, remember that, so she has resources unknown to us both. But the advantage you have here – say compared to me – is that you are of the same nature yourself, you also have that intelligence. But you must let it work for itself, and don’t fall into the trap of believing that you already know. In your relations with her, the more you let your own intelligence interact with her intelligence, the better it will be for both of you. And finally, if you do succumb to lust, have the honesty to admit it to yourself. There’ll be no shame in it. The power of Eros is very great – greater than anything you have so far experienced in your life.’
He knows that the coldness still moves in her, seeing it in how she hold her hands stiffly together in her lap. Then she takes a deep breath and says:
‘Bennie, I will pray all the time I wear those emeralds. I will pray to the Mother to protect me. Not to defeat your Siren – as she calls herself – but only that I make no foolish mistakes.’
 
She waits until they have eaten and come back up to their room for the night. She has him sit on the bed while she makes her preparations. He sees her take what looks like a thick book from her travel bag and open it. It is an ikon, the face of the Mother golden, the face of the infant blue. She sets it up on the bedside table, immediately to his left, bows before it and then bends to kiss its surface. Now she take the necklace from the case and carries it over to the ikon, her lips moving rapidly in prayer. She bows again before the ikon and presents the necklace to it, so that the emerald face comes in contact with it. Now she puts the emerald to her lips and kisses it, still praying in undertone. Then she turns and puts the necklace into his right hand. She performs this ritual now with the ring, then places that in his left hand. This done she goes to the end of the bed and undresses completely, returns and kisses the ikon again. Finally she stands before him and indicates that he should put the ring on her left hand ring-finger and then clip the necklace at the back of her neck.
Now she goes and lies out on the bed, arms down by her sides, eyes closed, lips moving in prayer.
She says:
‘She is using powerful grace, Bernard. Take care, she will kill herself.’
He thinks: Help her.
‘It must happen. Tell her to let it happen.’
He undresses and lies out beside her. He says:
‘Stop, Nika. Let me open the way for you.’
He just touches the nipple of her left breast. She is in the room now, naked, standing at the bottom of the bed. Even as he looks he sees her left nipple engorge. The passion is sudden – in both of them – his erection painful after so long tumescent. And she is dry, unprepared, but she struggles valiantly to accommodate it, only one sigh of pain. At the moment of ejaculation, she opens her eyes and stares at him, her mouth opening, her tongue flicking over her lips. She can only say, over and over:
‘O Maĭchitse. O Maĭchitse.’
 
Afterwards, he goes into the bathroom and wets some tissue. The wall of her vagina is abraded in places, angry-looking redness, but no blood. His own penis, however, is severely lacerated in one place, blood still welling to the surface. There is pain, but most of all an uncomfortable heat. The passion was too sudden, and it has strained the muscles behind his penis, between his legs.
She opens her eyes and just looks at him, then says:
‘Powerful.’
There is such satisfaction in her eyes that he can risk irony here:
‘And only a little touch, Nika.’
She nods, reaching up to touch the nipple, which is still swollen and tight. It’s only when she finally sits up that she sees the state of his penis. She immediately gets onto her knees, bends and takes the now limp organ into her mouth. He wants to stop her, but the sensation of her tongue licking over the tender flesh is too consoling to resist. He just lies back and closes his eyes.
She says, invisible again:
‘Powerful, Bernard. Remember that in all you do with her.’
 
It’s only when they are already underway the next morning – he driving now – that she suddenly says with complete surprise:
‘I am no longer a virgin, Bennie.’
Well, he’s heard that before, the same tone of surprise, too. But it does prompt him to say:
‘We must talk, Nika. It’s important that we talk about this.’
He sees her mouth tighten. He fears that she is becoming someone else already: that her self-identity is not as strong as it seemed, that her mask is purely social. He pulls into the next service area, but finds it jam-packed with holiday makers, so it’s back onto the road. The trouble is, as he is discovering, his mind is not on his driving, seeing flashes of her at prayer. These are generating a strange feeling of detachment in him, the sense that he might be changing too. After all, he has no experience either of this kind of working with precious stones. There is power there, that cannot be doubted, but he instinctively does not trust that power.
He gets off the motorway at the next exit, dropping down into a sizeable village and finding a pretty café on the banks of another pretty mountain river. She follows him from the car into the café, accepts coffee and pastry, and allows him lead her to a table out on a veranda overlooking the river. The view is very pleasant indeed, looking south to where there is sight of distant mountains tops through some willow trees. Flowers cover both banks of the river as far as he can see. He says, without any preparation:
 ‘The fantasy-woman says you could kill yourself if you don’t handle this power carefully.’
She is staring at the table top, lips pursed, and he wonders if she has heard him. Her hands are still stiff. Then she looks up at him:
‘Bennie, I am terrified. No, wait. Let me try to explain. There is a saying in the Bible that I am only now beginning to appreciate. It is, and I quote: fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom. Have you ever experienced holy terror? I did once before, when I was about fourteen. I was in the convent school at the time and I had been worrying about maika. I was trying to find out what her evil is by experiencing evil. One night I prayed with such intensity for sight of evil that suddenly the world about me seemed to be on fire. But I knew that was not true, and so I pressed even harder. And then I saw the source of the fire: it was like a huge flaming rod, that pulsed very rapidly. And still I wasn’t convinced, so I went closer to the rod. And as I expected, there was no heat. And that’s when I experienced the terror. For a long time I couldn’t understand what had happened. To be honest, Bennie, I didn’t really understand what terrified me ten years ago until you entered me last night. Not the pain, you understand, but the energy, Bennie. That powerful energy. Is that what you call Eros? And is that why the ancients believed that Eros underlies all of our reality? How can I absorb such a power, my love? Look what it did to maika and what it did to that countess and to Bertiné’s mother. It broke all those women. What hope have I got against it?’
He has to state the obvious and see what she has to say:
‘And Bertiné herself?’
She nods, accepting his point:
‘Then tell me about her, Bennie.’
He decides to be straight here:
‘You already know about Bertiné. I can elaborate again, if need be. But first, let me repeat this for you: let it happen, Nika. Grasp that simple fact and hold it in your mind. Forget all the theology. This is an action, not a learning experience that you might write up some day. Simple: when you open your legs, open your mind as well and let it all flow through you the way you let my spunk flow through you. Understand?’
She takes a bite of her cream pastry and then sips some coffee. Her eyes do look pretty grim. She waits till she has swallowed and cleared her mouth:
‘But do you understand what’s happening?’
He smiles what he knows is his naked smile, not a cheering sight, like a cold day in a cold place:
‘No, and I don’t think I could ever understand. Let me repeat, Nika – for I don’t seem to be getting through to you – it happens. That’s all.’
He can see that she is still struggling with the idea of doing something that she cannot know about. So he helps her along:
‘That’s how we all live anyway. Knowledge is always historical, always after the fact. You are already committed before you know what the game is. That’s how we live: here and now.’
She does seemed to be stunned by this argument. Then she says, very sincerely:
‘I couldn’t live like that, Bennie. That’s like living in a ditch and not knowing where your next meal is coming from.’
He nods:
‘Exactly. The ancients called it fate, necessity. But that’s how we live. Sure we can protect ourselves against necessity, but it still rules us, determines everything we do.’
She’s nodding now, seemingly beginning to understand something:
‘Like be a rich ruler living in a great palace and you go out the door and a brick falls on your head?’
‘That’s accident, really. No, it would be more like how a deaf mute might feel in the centre of a strange city.’
Now she does nod with more assurance:
‘And that’s why you think trust is so important? Because we are so exposed?’
‘In the realm of fate, trust is divine providence. It’s the only reliable argument in favour of divinity, however that is defined. And trust is the gift of Eros, the foundation of its power.’
To which – as they both recognise – no more can be said.
 
But he does say to her, on their way out to the car – an afterthought, yes, but what they should have talked about, rather than about sex:
‘Be careful with the stones, Nika. Green is a very ambiguous colour. You can trust Siren, but not the stones. Remember that.’
 
Evening again. She is obviously very pent up from the moment they sign into the hotel. It’s not a comfortable situation for him. He wonders again at the change in her. A lot has happened for her in a very short space of time, more than she could have been prepared for, given her circumscribed life until just last week. He gets her to shower, then lie out flat on the bed. He then brings one of the chairs over and sits beside her. He waits a moment, till the atmosphere in the room has quietened, before saying:
‘Speak now, if you wish, Nika. I will listen.’
‘Tatko once told me that the way to a man’s heart is through his hand. I was quite young and I thought it was a peculiar thing to say. Now, Bennie, I think he wanted me to ask the obvious question. How? How would that work? Remember that he was a diplomat and he would have shook a lot of hands in the course of his career. Do you know what he told me? He said that while the face was like a screen, the hand was like an electric plug. He told me to always remember that. And I think it is true. I never shake hands, if I can help it, Bennie. I smile instead: in tatko’s terms, lighting up the screen. I think hands are dangerous. I’ve been thinking about this today because of what you said about a bridge: that it is two-way. From that perspective, shaking hands, especially for a diplomat, must be a kind of warfare. But back to your image of the bridge, Bennie, especially now in the context of the stones. Let me think this through, if you will. What happened last night? I’ll tell you from my side. To begin with, I was trying to reach across an unknown divide to an unknown being when you stopped me. Then you just touched the nipple of my left breast. At once I saw what was like a thin line – coloured green, of course – that stretched from me to a presence. And I saw that the right nipple of this being was swelling up even as I looked at it. And as it swelled, so did my nipple swell. It was at this point that you entered me, Bennie. But let me stop there. I became aware of a number of things today about this event. First, I had assumed that your penis entering me generated my arousal, but that is not true. My arousal was centred on that swollen nipple. Not only that, but my arousal exactly mirrored the arousal in the being at the other end of the green line. You can see how that makes sense. But here is the really strange thing: when you entered me, I looked over at that being again. What did I see, Bennie. I saw myself. The question I ask now is this: if that being was me, then who was I when you entered me? You see? Who did you have sex with last night?’
Not really interested in this question, he looks to give an immediate answer. He’s thinking reflection, mirroring, as he says:
‘Siren told me that she borrows the appearance of some living woman. She claimed she gets the image from my mind, but I don’t know the woman whose image she is using. And this is important: I saw her last night as our passion began – she was standing by the bed, naked – but she looked as she always does. An attractive women, but as I have said, no one I know.’
She opens her eyes and looks over at him, shaking her head:
‘You’re not engaging with this, are you, Bennie? Are you not interested in what happens?’
He leans forward, returning her gaze:
‘No, to be honest. One of the most dangerous things about knowledge is how it can influence us. I’ve told you, Nika: stop all this thinking. Just be with yourself. Trust yourself, that’s all.’
She’s still shaking her head, but a small smile is on her lips. It’s like she’s moving through some kind of crisis. She raises her head and she about to speak when a phone rings. He digs it out of his canvas bag:
‘Bennie? Are you there?’
‘Mom?’
‘Oh, Bennie, how are you? We got your postcard this morning. It was a lovely surprise. We haven’t had a postcard for years, Bennie. No one sends them anymore. And when your Dad saw it this evening he said that’s Bennie, always as good as his word. And how are you, Bennie? Are you still away on holiday?’
‘Yes, Mom. But I’m on my way back now.’
‘Oh, that’s nice to hear. Did you have a good time?’
‘Yes, it was very interesting. I saw loads of places.’
‘The place on the card. That looked very lonely.’
‘Yes, it’s away in the mountains east of here. Very isolated. And how is Dad?’
‘Oh, he’s keeping fine, Bennie. No, he’s in the front room reading his paper. You know him.’
‘Did that conference go well for him? The one you told me about last week.’
‘Oh yes. Everyone was pleased with his work. Oh, and I nearly forgot, Bennie. He won another award. This time for a blue suit in – where is it? Hold on… Jack! Where was that award you got on Sunday?...Dusseldorf. Tell him it’s in Germany… Your Dad says it was some place in Germany. Are you near Germany, Bennie?’
‘Not far, Mom. Listen, I’ll have to go now. It’s nice to hear your voice after all the foreign languages. Tell Dad that it was super that he won that award. It’ll get him more work.’
‘Oh, Bennie, he’s enough work as it is. He’s taking on another apprentice. He’ll have his own business one of these days. And do you know what I asked him? I asked him who would make his suits when he’s a managing director?’
‘Oh, he’ll make his own suits, Mom. Always has. I’ll go now. Thanks for ringing. I’m glad you liked the card. Goodbye now. Say goodbye to Dad for me.’
‘Oh, goodbye, Bennie. You take care on the roads over there.’
He puts the phone back in the canvas bag. Then he puts his shoes on and goes out the door.
 
The town is quiet, that time of evening between the end of the work-day and the beginning of the evening-out. He walks the streets, head down, letting some feeling flow in him. It’s not that he envies his parents – or those like them, who are willing just to live and then die – it’s more that he can see what is behind them, what they keep at bay. Is that a strength on their part, or maybe a better understanding of life than he has? As far back as he can remember, he was always facing what is behind him, what is at the edge of everything he understood. Are his parents, for instance, aware of that edge too? He thinks they might be, but that they value their happiness more than that reality.
He finds a small bar in a cul-de-sac, tables outside under trees lit with strings of coloured lights. There is an empty table just off the pavement and the temptation to sit over a quiet drink is too great to resist. The beer is cool and with a good flavour. It’s only as he quietens under the influence of the alcohol that he becomes aware of how tense he is. How have things come to this pass? He sees small groups of people, both sexes and all ages, around the tables, chatting together, laughing, heads bobbing, gesturing, completely unconscious of their surroundings. Why could he not be sitting at one of those tables, with friends and maybe a wife? He knows that behind their ease tonight, that many of these people could tell him perhaps harrowing stories of the effects of the history of this continent over the last century. Why isn’t he part of history too, even it means that there is a gravestone reserved for him sometime in the future?
It’s only when a young woman at a nearby table happens to pass glances with him and who smiles that smile he knows so well, that he remembers what awaits him back at the hotel. Only then – as he returns her smile – does he realise that he is on a path too. How many others on this planet are following the same path, perhaps a path that will go to shape some part of the destiny of mankind?
‘Yes, Bernard. That time is coming, when all will be swept up again and returned to the Perfect.’
Oh, right, thanks for that.
He offers the last mouthful of beer to that young woman – attractive, with quick intelligent eyes, long graceful calves.
Good curves.
 
And he’s not surprised to find her laid out on the bed, the necklace around her neck, the ikon open on the bedside table over at her side. He undresses, showers, cleans his teeth and pees, then gets into the bed beside her. She says:
‘It won’t work without you, Bennie.’
‘Did you expect it to?’
‘I thought I would try.’
He knows from her voice that she is crying now:
‘I feel such a fool, Bennie. Why am I like this?’
‘Look, Nika. Take off the necklace and close your ikon. And then come and lie here beside me. Let’s try and get some rest. It’s what we need most of all now. We’ve been through a lot in the last few days and we need time to adjust. We’ll talk about it again tomorrow. And don’t fret so, sweetheart. We’ll work it out in time, you’ll see.’
He hears her move about, putting the necklace and the ikon away. She goes into the bathroom. He wasn’t sure what she would actually do until he feels her getting into the bed, drawing the cover up over them and snuggling in beside him, her soft body cool against the warmth of his own.
Her last words before sleep engulfed them:
‘You are so different when you talk to your mother, Bennie. Like a little boy. A happy little boy.’
 
She’s wearing the yellow dress – the one she was wearing the first time he saw her – this morning. Her face is shining, though there are still signs of the strain she is recovering from. He waits until they are at breakfast before commenting:
‘First time again, Nika?’
She catches on immediately, glad that he has caught on too:
‘It’s like we’re meeting again in a new world. A new level?’
‘And you’re not just the dutiful daughter home from college anymore?’
She shakes her head, the merest sign of trepidation crossing her face:
‘No. No more the virgin daughter, Bennie.’
His mouths tightens, then relaxes:
‘A woman now? Does that mean that I have become a man, whatever that is?’
Now she can smile – a faint hint of a regret there:
‘No, Bennie. I suspect you will always be your mother’s boy.’
Seeing that he is taking this the wrong way, she hastens to add:
‘No, Bennie. Not like that. This is important to me, and as it should be to you. Your mother allowed you to be happy. Left to yourself, you are a happy person. Your mother did not spoil that. And it was obvious last night that she likes you to be happy, for that makes her happy too, yes?’
He nods his acceptance of that summary, though he has never thought of his relationship with his mother in those terms. For him, he felt always that he was working to keep her afloat in some way, so that she would keep himself and his father afloat too.
‘And your mother, Nika?’
She shrugs her characteristic shrug, her shoulders graceful under the light material of the dress:
‘Maika? What could be expected from a woman beaten into service by a weak father? What else did she know of life for a woman but submission? But I do bless her now – this morning sitting here with you – for saving me through omission. You see that, don’t you, Bennie? She hid that terrible blue woman you revealed behind that image of a golden woman in order that I might try find that golden woman in myself. She may have succumbed herself, but she was still capable of very great charity. And I will from now on plead on behalf of her soul with Maĭchitse. She will be forgiven, Bennie, for you saw in her art the purity of her spirit, yes?’
He can only nod agreement, moved in a novel way by the strength of her conviction, the certainty of her purpose. But he does reach across the table to take her hand, then finding himself saying with unusual conviction:
‘You are a golden woman, Nika. You too are a good person. That is what your mother – your maika – achieved for you.’
He knows then that his fantasy-woman wants to speak, but he finds he can clamp her in some way to stop her – thinking at her: this doesn’t concern you.
 
He does persuade her to drive this morning. The road is busy, but steady-busy with an even flow. Later, as they approach the river crossing, it will become a lot more hectic as north-south traffic flows negotiate with east-west flows. He sits at an angle that allows him to look at her when the impulse takes him. It is still beauty that enthrals him – as it will always do – but he has a greater sense of the concrete person she is today. Her legs, for instance, braced as they are in relation to the pedals of the car. They are as sublimely curved as ever, but there is the added sense of their strength now, remembering them braced against the thrust of his body. Not just strength, but the word she herself used – and which his fantasy-woman also used – powerful. He sees that in the whole line of her seated body now, a kind of capacity that will reach beyond the visible world.
She has glanced over at him from time to time, traffic permitting, at first quizzical then later smiling with a curious pleasure, feeling the warm electricity of his gaze flowing over the surface of her body, over the entire surface. Then comes the point when she must ask:
‘What do you see, Bennie?’
One word comes to him, he seeing a full bottle, filled with what he doesn’t know:
‘Capacity. As I said before, sweetheart, you are capable of so much. Even in this strange world we’re caught up in now, I can see – just looking at you now as you drive – how great is your capacity for something. I don’t know what it is, but there is something you can do, Nika, something only you will recognise when the time comes. I just wish that I will be there with you to see you do it.’
She is flushing with pleasure, head up, her right hand clutching at the steering wheel. Then she laughs:
‘Will you hold my hand then, Bennie?’
He reaches to touch her shoulder gently, concerned not to distract her:
‘I will hold whatever needs holding, Nika. Believe that.’
 
The crossing is not as bad as he anticipated, perhaps some event – good or bad – far from here dictating the easing of the traffic just in time for him. He waits until they have crossed the border before looking for a suitable town for the night. It’s a dusty place for some reason, even the trees seem forlorn, like the town is still living with some memory. But the people are characteristically direct and to the point, which suits them, as they are here only for a specific purpose, to eat and to rest. Nonetheless, she does take to the people she has contact with – he feared she might have found them too democratic. No doubt speaking English helps, which gives everyone an ambiguous focus, though her beauty certainly helped everyone along.
There is time before dinner – set time, as per custom – so they can take a walk together, perhaps a drink in a bar. He had been taken by the strength of her presence that morning, but now with her walking beside him – a loosely figured blue dress this evening – he can feel the almost feline quality in her movements. She is so centred now in herself, even a casual stroll such as this has the feel of deliberate pace. He wonders if he has changed in some way too. He can’t judge himself, a hit and miss quality in his self-estimations, preoccupied as with his uncertainty of the value of whatever he has done or is doing. So he asks:
‘Have I changed, Nika? You have become almost a different person, you know. This is crudely put, but you are like a superb machine that has now a driver adequate to your potential.’
He’s not surprised that she stops walking, seeing her staring at him when he turns back:
‘That’s a compliment, Bennie?’
Shakes his head – even standing still she’s like a dynamo:
‘No. That’s a description. Now I would call you a dynamo.’
Then she springs forward: how the dress undulates at her breasts and hips:
‘I would say you are even more abandoned than before, Bennie. You are like a rock rolling down a hill: you might hit a tree, an animal, you might bounce over obstructions, but you will get to the bottom of the hill. How is that?’
He reaches his arms out to her, hungry to feel her body against his. Into her close-by ear he whispers:
‘Nice. And you will keep up with me, yes?’
Dippy? Why not, when they have the time now?
 
And then it is later, after dinner, in the room together for the night. They stop just inside the door, only moderately intoxicated by what turned out to be very nice wine, looking around as though they cannot decide whether to watch television or play cards to pass the time before bed and sleep.
Of course it is not like that at all. They both know what is coming, though neither is sure of the motivation of the other. The best way, he decides, is to let her make her proposal, so he asks:
‘What do you want to do?’
She smiles at him, looking as though she will ask for a night of sexual abandon, like young lovers everywhere else. Instead, she crosses to a kind of ottoman in front of the window and takes all her clothes off. Then she stretches, signalling that he should do the same. That done, she says:
‘I would like to repeat the other night. But I want to do it more deliberately. Do you think we could do that? I will try observe what happens this time, now that I know what to expect.’
Is it as clinical as it sounds? Yes, it is. And he replies:
‘Fine. That makes sense. But leave the ikon out of it. As I see it, Nika, you have already invoked Maĭchitse’s support. You should avoid making a fetish of the ikon.’
She nods acceptance of this condition. Then looks at him again, waiting until he says:
‘You should prepare your body this time. You were dry last night.’
‘Will you do that for me?’
‘Are you sure? It’s not that I am reluctant to do it – it would be a pleasure, Nika – but don’t you want to keep full control of the process on your part?’
‘No. Please do it for me. I’m not a prude, but I have always been reluctant to touch myself like that, Bennie. I think I was afraid it would make me promiscuous, to want men to do that to me.’
‘Didn’t you masturbate? Everyone does.’
‘No. Not like that. I kept my mind away from that kind of thing. And when it did become very strong, I used to cross my legs and squeeze myself there. That gave me enough relief.’
‘So last night must have been a very powerful experience?’
‘A revelation. I didn’t know my body could bear such strong sensations. But I could accept them because you were creating them in me. I was happy you did that to me, Bennie, though I haven’t thought to thank you today. I didn’t know whether I should or not.’
‘Look, I think I have said this before, Nika: we both do it, as far as I am concerned. We do it together for each other.’
‘So, will you prepare me?’
‘Of course, Nika, I’ll be happy to do that.’
She gets the case from her bag, opens it and takes out the necklace. She proffers it to him:
‘Will you put this on me, please.’
It is cool to his touch, so he lays the gemstone in the centre of his left palm to warm it, rocking his hand slightly to make the face of the gem flash and flicker. He says to her, almost absentminded as he contemplates the emerald:
‘It is so ambiguous, Nika. Green for growth and green for sickness. I think you need to respect this stone, to understand that though it can have ambiguous influences, it is singular in its power. You should concentrate on that fact. Try to get into the stone, rather than treating it just in terms of its effects. You might try that tonight. Focus on the stone while I prepare you. It will lie between your breasts, above where your heart actually is, so let your heart enter it. And most of all, Nika, do it all with goodwill, even love if you find it there.’
He clips the stone about her neck, she reaches and kisses the gem-face he has been contemplating to such effect. She lies out on the bed, and he then lies alongside her on the right. He tips her thighs open, not wide, but enough for his fingers. He prepares her:
‘I will touch you now. I will touch the lips of your vagina, one finger on each lip, and draw them up and down slowly.’
This he does. Her thighs quiver with the first contact, but then they fall apart more, her legs in effect rotating outwards. Now he says, as a kind of commentary:
‘You know, I always thought that the clitoris was a kind of penis, but it seems that the entire labia edging your vagina is also part of the penile member, like a male penis that has been sliced open like a bread-roll. In other words, the clitoris is just the tip of a larger organ. This will explain whatever pleasure and excitation you will experience as I caress your lips.’
The heating of the lips is very pronounced under his fingertips, and there is a fluid already secreting from her vagina that is lubricating the surfaces. He says:
‘Here. Give me your hand. No, just the fingertips of the first two fingers. Now touch where I have placed them. Can you feel the smoothness? Do you want to feel your clitoris? I haven’t tried to touch it yet.’
No. She withdraws her hand:
‘I will do it. There’s a kind of cowl covering it – you would have seen that washing yourself. Incidentally, your pubic hair is very light. In fact it is almost invisible in this low light. Now, can you feel my finger there. Your clitoris is swollen. Your penile member – I don’t know what better term to use – behaves much as my own does. I won’t stimulate you much more. We are seeking only to lubricate your vagina. Are you comfortable with that?’
She nods. Her eyes are closed, and her body is arching slightly. He says, very quietly:
‘Tell me when you are ready, Nika. And one last thing. You don’t have to lie under me. Remember that, if you can. Lie on me instead, if you think that will give you better control of your experience.’
He waits, seeing how she seems to float in what must be for her a low level arousal.
Then she takes his left hand and brings it up to her left breast. He lies out beside her now, then grasps the nipple between his thumb and forefinger and squeezes once.
It’s like an ON switch. He feels her stiffen beside him, her breath suddenly shorter. Then her body arches up, an extreme of physical tension, both of her nipples swelling rapidly. The sound that comes from her is so alien for such a civilized woman: a low growling moan that rises in pitch until it becomes a primitive huff-huff beat, an intensely sexual pitch that might have been heard during primitive orgies in the presence of Bacchus himself.
And yet he is completely unaffected, no more than a bystander. The best he can do is hover over her, keeping to one side, ready to help her in whatever way he can.
Then she climaxes. Her hands are stretched wide, fingers fully splayed, white at the knuckles. The muscles in her neck are taut wires, her stomach one moment drawn in, next moment fully distended. The muscles of her legs are like cables, all the way down to where her toes are splayed to what should be an impossible degree. And then there is a funk that seems to ooze from every part of her body, an oily sweat glistening on the fine hair that covers her skin.
Then it’s like it never happened. She’s lying there, arms by her side, only her mouth open – saliva trickling from the corners – as her breathing subsides. She wrinkles her nose and opens her eyes, searching for him:
‘What’s that smell?’
He leans over her, feeling the heat radiating from her:
‘You.’
All she says is:
‘Oh.’
Then she rolls over onto her side, away from him, asking:
‘Can you turn out the light when you are ready? Thank you.’
 
At breakfast she is demure in her pink blouse and pale blue slacks, red sandals on her feet. The young waitress has taken to her, murmuring with almost every breath as she serves her:
‘Madame.’
She takes this adoration very coolly, her smile almost right for the occasion – the smile that says you too can be like me, rather than the unpleasant one that says the opposite. But he can see what’s working here. By any standards – certainly by those established by women about themselves – she looks as those she has been in the seventh heaven for most of the night. Sex for men is exhaustive, for women – especially the two within the vicinity of the breakfast table this morning – sex is more like a purgation. And the other thing here for him: it seems that while sexual exhaustion is an obvious effect from the male point of view and so occurring almost automatically, purgation is quite a subtle feat for women.
This becomes clear later in the morning, on their way through sometimes awkward traffic – tunnel-vision a curse in this part of the world – when he asks the classic question, though not intended as such by him:
‘So, how was it for you last night?’
She flushes – she actually flushes – staring straight ahead at the long line of vehicles ahead of them:
‘No, Bennie, that took me by surprise too. I didn’t bring it up because I wasn’t sure how you felt about it. How must you have felt: starting up the engine again and the car shooting away and leaving you behind.’
He has to laugh out at the so-apt imagery:
‘I was more dumbfounded than anything else. I mean, it was a training session. And, anyway, I wouldn’t call the effect of the fantasy-woman on me sex. It has a sexual effect, but it’s not even like masturbation. You have to see how it is for her: she hears music, and she loves that. I think she pities me in some way, you know, stuck with all the nuisance of sexual arousal.’
She nodding away listening to this, seeming to take him seriously. She looks over at him this time:
‘No, I can see that, Bennie. Let me put it this way to you about last night: you won’t believe this, but there were three of us involved. I know you think you sat there beside me like a pudding while I shot my bolt, as it were, but you were with her and me. Can you not remember anything at all? Anything?’
He wants to look over at her, wanting some kind of confirmation that way, but he has another blockage coming up, a decrepit van that should not be out on a motorway. He can only say, though partly distracted:
‘No, nothing, Nika. I just sat and watched over you. You know, in case there was a problem.’
Now she is aware that his attention is divided, so she taps him lightly on his knee and says:
‘Look, Bennie, let’s leave this for now. We can talk over lunch.’
 
Over lunch, she begins:
‘Let me try to explain as I best understand what’s going on – I mean, as an outsider. First, I’ll paraphrase your account of your experience. Connection with Siren initiates a flow of Eros, which sexually arouses you to climax, but which allows her to hear music that she treasures. Right? Now, my experience last night. Touching my breast had the effect of opening an Eros channel – via the emerald stone – that linked me with Siren. The effect then is much like yours: sexual arousal on my part, and the heavenly music on Siren’s part. You might ask how I know this. I didn’t see Siren as you do, but I knew she was present, in fact almost at my side. Now here’s the strange thing, Bennie: you were there too, and you could hear the music Siren heard. And I could hear the sound I told you about before, that low forest murmur, but I don’t know if that is what you and Siren heard last night.’
He has followed this closely, though feeling a distant resentment that she seems to be taking over the whole process. He says when she has finished speaking, clinging to objectivity as best he can:
‘Well, I had absolutely no experience of music, that’s for sure. So I can’t see what benefit it has. I feel no different this morning, while you have been transformed.’
She light up when she hears him say this:
‘You’ve no idea what it’s like, Bennie. I feel as though all the negativity and buried hurt in me has been washed away. It’s as though I am transparent now. A religious person would probably call ot a state of grace.’
He nods hearing this. Is he envious? No, it’s not envy, as such. He has argued that both of them are equally involved in this process, especially the sexual aspect. But he has always felt that woman get something from sex that men either don’t or can’t. He knows that saying that the man is the active element in sex can be deemed sexist, but it is nonetheless true that a woman can in a way hang back from the act and gain something from it that is not in itself sexual.
The only way he can get at that here, with her today, is to ask:
‘Does that allow you to see your pure form? What I mean, can you see yourself in the form that I can see Siren?’
She looks quizzical for a few seconds – seemingly surprised by the perspective proposed by his question – then she says tentatively:
‘I wouldn’t say I can see myself like that, but it might be that I am like that now. Can you see the difference? It’s like asking if you can see your pure male form, in the way that I might get to see my companion male entity/’
He nods emphatically hearing this, admiring at the same time how accurate her analysis is:
‘Yes. But you say you experienced the presence of Siren, but that you didn’t see her. I mean, as I can see her. Did you see my pure male form last night?’
Now she looks closely at him, obviously going back over her memory of the event:
‘I don’t know, Bennie. I’ve said you were there, but I don’t know how I know that. I’m sorry if I seem to have mislead you. It was the first time I experienced anything like that. And I did what you said I should do: I just observed, I didn’t think or try to define what I was experiencing.’
He nods:
‘Well, let’s leave it now. What happened last night is extraordinary in many ways. And I suppose the best thing to do is go on testing until we do have a better idea of what is going on.’
 
Negotiating the road systems north of the city, she suddenly asks – as though awakening from a dream:
‘Shouldn’t we be headings north, Bennie? I’m working from memory.’
‘No. That port is too busy, and too busy is too complicated. Not too far now. We can eat on the boat. It’ll be dog food but it will keep us going.’
He can feel her tense. Glancing across, he smiles:
‘How far have you been from home, Nika? Before now, I mean.’
She’s nodding, but also relaxing – which is what he hoped for:
‘No. Greece only. The monasteries and libraries.’
He reaches across to grasp her forearm without taking his eyes of the road ahead:
‘Don’t worry. Where we’re going, they will love your charm. You’ll see. Suckers for it.’
He’s laughing at the prospect of this woman meeting all these island folk. She’s watching him closely, dubious again:
‘If they’re anything like you, Bennie.’
He’s still laughing – admitting to his happiness now, which no doubt is making him foolish:
‘The trick is, my love, is that you do what I call a staggered repeat. You listen to what people say, wait a bit, then start repeating it back to them. Works every time.’
She looks even worried now, staring out at the bedlam on the road ahead: as though the promised lunacy has spread across the channel to her.
 
It’s not quite the promised dog food, if only because she has the good sense to stick to the salad ingredients and cheese as he suggests. He works his way through a hamburger, though, chomping once again on the plastic bun. He has her try the tea, but only after warning her that it is awful. She orders coffee instead, only to find – as he predicted – that it was worse. Then she has to accompany him onto the deck – yes, the marine diesel deck towards the stern. The breeze is keen, laden with ocean moisture, and she can only bear it for less than a minute, after which she crouches in his lee. He tries to explain that he’s waiting for the other ship to pass. She doesn’t believe this, of course – only to find that a ship does pass by. There’s a man and a woman standing on the rear deck over there too – breathing in marine diesel with the salty ocean air – and he waves and gets her to wave, and he whoops out loud when the couple on the other boat wave back.
Is this the worst that can happen to her today? No, not a bit of it. It’s pitch dark when the car finally rolls off the boat. He drives out until he finds a quiet layby, tucked away under some old trees. He asks her:
‘Have you ever slept in a car before?’
No, she hasn’t. Tonight she does. She scrunched across the back seat under both their jackets, he stretched out in the front passenger seat, legs crossed for warmth.
The dawn chorus begins just before four, directly above their heads, and very loud indeed.
 
The next great experience for her is being driven on the left side of the road. There is a novelty in this, until the first truck passes them at speed and she sees it bear down on her – she now sitting out in the middle of the road, he often blind-sided behind the left-hand steering. But they do get to a service station before six, which allows them clean up to some extent and get some more plastic food.
They are sitting side by side in this chaotic eating place – can’t be called a restaurant – the place crammed with holiday makers, some in high mood on the way out, other down on the way back: some children running around on their sugar-high, others crying on their sugar-high. He’s watching her watching this, seeing the play of emotion cross her face, when she suddenly looks around at him and starts laughing:
‘This is madness, Bennie. It’s insane.’
He shrugs his shoulders as much as to say: I told you so.
 
She’s giddy most of the day, partly real shock, but partly also a – to her – strange sense of release. He can see how she looks at everything in sight – something she never did on the continent – partly with expectation of witnessing more madness, but also as though she is trying to work out her own place in this confusion.
He pulls off the motorway in early afternoon and finds a small village nestling in a flowery dell. She gapes at the thatched roofs, the little windows and low doors, amazed that people still live like this in this day and age. He tries to explain that this is everyone’s dream on this island, getting back to a rustic past with modern conveniences: no cow-shit anywhere.
He has her eat shepherd’s pie with little hard peas and the requisite chips: lots of salt. But the tea is better, and she finds that she does like it, liking the oceanic effect especially.
In fact the tea does quieten her to the extent that she finally comes to rest in herself. She leans across the little table in the little cottage café and asks him:
‘How do you live in a world like this, Bennie? You don’t know what these people are going to do from minute to minute.’
The tea is working on him too, increasing his natural detachment, so that he just smiles and tells her:
‘But you don’t know what you are going to do either, do you?’
She’s not sure how to take this: is he teasing her or does he actually mean it. Then it hits her. She looks around the cosy, cluttered, claustrophobic little room and says:
‘I would love to run out of here, Bennie, and run out over those fields and run all the way to a horizon.’
And he just nods:
‘And never gets to that horizon?’
The expression on her face is one of complete vacancy:
‘Exactly.’
 
Then they stop for the night in what seems to be another world altogether. There is the expanse of a sea on one side, and there is a line of hills backed by high mountains on the other. The people are quietly intense and never look at her. She even sees them jerk their heads away should their gaze accidentally fall upon her lovely visage, even though she is still dressed in her pink blouse and blue slacks, crumpled after so long in the car.
And of course wild sex that night in this wild land? A good night’s sleep, both flaked out until there is a screech of brakes out on this village’s street. He can be a bit moody after a long sleep following a busy day, more so today now that he knows they will be crossing to the sainted isle later in the morning. It’s the coming home that bothers him, like revealing who he really is – not a nice guy taking a road-trip – more the kind of guy who doesn’t know where he is or where he is going. And she’s not much better, the feeling that sometime today she will see who she actually is: not so much the upper-class vamp having a fling as the shy little girl with the mad mother and shiny dresses. They have nothing to say to each other – like the morning after a disco binge – the room too small for the two of them, clothes all soiled after the long journey, the question of how to get out of this arrangement at the back of both their minds.
The breakfast would feed an army, thick sweet porridge with loads of milk, mountains of toast with sticky marmalade, big cups brimming with tannic-laden tea. They each work their way through this fodder, both harbouring a feeling that they will need every last calorie here before this long day is out.
And cleaning teeth afterwards is like moving slimy fats and oils around among their teeth, their throats coated with junk that tastes like yesterday, last week, a previous life.
And what caps all this is the fact that two members of the staff, a dark haired young man carrying her bag, and a young dark-haired woman carrying his bags, both speaking a language they can barely understand, and who stand out on the public road waving after them with big sad false smiles.
 
A ferry? He puts the car in the indicated line, gets out and buys the ticket, gets back in the car just as the line begins to load itself into the bowels of a big boat. The convenience of this fills him with dread: will he have no time to prepare himself? The coffee is dreadful, so they go on deck, as far forward as possible and just stand there. There is a steady westerly blowing, moist sea air, chilly but bracing. The boat wallows once it turns out into the open sea. He knows about this, but it throws her completely off-balance. He watches how she handles herself, her eyes even estimating the horizon as part of her assessment. He offers to go below again, but she braces herself against the rail:
‘If you can handle this, Bennie, then so can I.’
He is impressed, though he suspects he is patronising her:
‘You’ve never been on a boat before yesterday? Well, welcome to the wild ocean world, the land of rosy cheeks and bronchitis.’
He moves to shelter her from the wind:
‘It’ll settle down once we get beyond the coastal currents.’
This is true, and they stay on the deck through the morning, both now facing into the wind, warming to an extent as the sun to their left strengthens. He says to her at once point:
‘There’s always that moment of anti-climax, Nika. You know, that moment at the end.’
She accepts this, but says, looking ahead at the so-straight horizon here at sea:
‘Yes. But there has to be a sense of achievement first, Bennie.’
‘And you don’t have that?’
‘No, not really. I can see what you will achieve here, but for my own part, I really don’t know what would count as an achievement. Don’t you ever have that feeling that any achievement is only another step on the way? The problem for me is that I have no sense of what is at the end of the way for me. I can see where you are going, but for me in this life, I can see no worthwhile end.’
He finds he is looking at flesh and blood, physical features like incidentals – like knobs and sockets on a machine. He tests her:
‘Children?’
She looks up at him now, her glance piercing:
‘Oh yes, of course. But that is fundamental in the way that eating and excreting are. That’s just life, Bennie: it’s not me.’
His first impulse is to reach and touch her, to comfort her, but he knows already that this woman is more than that for him: he would never fob her off for the sake of a quiet life. So he tries this:
‘I agree with the implication of what you are saying, Nika. For you, as distinct from your physical presence, there must be more. I would say the same for myself. But now consider this, my love: how is it possible for a lump of life material, fitted out in your case to reproduce more lumps of life – and me, fitted out to fill a lump of life such as you with seed, so that you can produce more lumps of life: how can we even conceive that there is more than all these lumps of life busily making more lumps of life: and yet we can. Every human that has ever existed knew that there was more to themselves than just being alive. See it in what we’ve already discussed, trust. And not just trust in itself, Nika. Consider how we can break trust? How is that possible? They are transcendent powers. Remember how in Eden the Serpent brought Eve to an awareness of this power – this divine power. And then there is beauty, how it beckons us beyond this realm of life.’
He stops, out of steam, hating his preachy tone. She’s nodding, seeming very patient with him:
‘Fine, Bennie: there’s love and there is beauty. But where does that get me?’
He’s looking at the first smudge of land on the horizon to the west, the higher mountains to the south of the city. It’s only then that he knows why he has loitering on deck, chilled by the wind, rendered stupid by her complaint. He can only say:
‘That’s for you to find out, Nika. As it is for all of us. I assumed you knew what you were doing here with me. I mean, if you don’t, well, you can always pull out. You can fly back home from the airport here.’
Now he can see the headland north of the city. He wonders if that is the truth of love: not going away, but the coming back. He says to her, speaking as though she was someone he has just met:
‘Look at that? The last time I came back I was flying in from Marseille. I could see the whole city and the mountains to the south laid out below me. I cried my eyes out.’
And she says in a low voice, looking at the growing smudges on the horizon:
‘I have no home like that, Bennie.’
He gives her a sceptical look:
‘Of course you have, Nika. You just haven’t been far enough away. Wait till you go back this time: you’ll cry and want to call for your mama.’
He can see by how she suddenly holds her breath that he has finally got through to her. There even the makings of a tear in one of her eyes. She reaches and touches his hand that rests on the ship-rail, saying in a low voice:
‘You’re right, Bennie. Can’t ever break that bond.’
 
At least with this city, he knows the way out. Out of the port, turn right, careful with the lanes and into the tunnel. He had forgotten about the toll, but the card saw them through. Then it’s out of the tunnel and out of the city, heading north, traffic not too bad just now. She asks, just as they clear the last industrial holdings:
‘Are you not going to visit your parents, Bennie?’
His glance is fugitive, as though this a matter of silent running:
‘No, Nika. Let’s get our business done first.’
‘She’ll be sad not to see you.’
‘Sure, but what she doesn’t know won’t hurt her. Look, Nika, she’d keep us there till Dad got home from work. Then she’ll have us stay for dinner. Then she will fret over what to do with you for the night. And that last part she won’t be able to handle.’
‘Oh, one night apart won’t do us any harm, Bennie.’
‘No, it’s not that. She’s not prudish in that way. She wouldn’t be able to judge the right thing to do. I mean, whether we should share the big double bed in the back downstairs room, or put you in the spare room upstairs – which has a single bed. And Mom always tries to do the right thing.’
She's laughing:
‘Do you know what maika said when Pavel told her that you were coming? She wanted to know if she should ask you what you wanted to do, stay with us at home, or book into the hotel down in the village. She was afraid that the house would be too wild for you. Oh, she relaxed when Pavel told her you had spent an evening with a hunter and his family in the middle of the forest.’
‘And the hotel?’
‘Judge for yourself. A priest came from a Greek monastery to coach me in Church Greek. Maika thought that he should stay in the hotel – she didn’t want him to see her art-work. He told me afterwards that the whole village sat and watched him eat his breakfast every morning.’
She laughs, suddenly relaxing – and just as the road breasts a ridge and she can see the green and pleasant summer-land stretched out in front of her:
‘Mountain folk, Bennie. Most of them have never been out of the village in their lives.’
She’s shaking her head now, holding her breath:
‘What a beautiful land, Bennie. You never told me that it was so green.’
He shrugs, momentarily proud:
‘Oh, it’s the best place in the world on a good day, Nika. But the pity is, we don’t get many of them.’
 
Lunch then: what can be said? Well, the knives have saw-tooth edges and the big spoons are very big. She’s very patient spooning the brown soup into her mouth, and braces herself when the main course comes: the pig was big, the plate itself is about big enough for the overcooked cabbage and indifferently mashed potato. He tries to keep her away from the ice cream, but she’s stoical here too: he has the sense to go for the generous slice of apple pie but with liquid cream. Then the tea. She drinks three cups of the tea, one after the other, plugging away as though seeking some kind of buoyancy.
They need to walk afterwards, if only to let all that sludge settle somewhere in their gut. But she likes the town – which does surprise him – a lot of farmers – and their wives – in for the mart. She seems responsive to the rough ways, not confusing habit with conceit – in fact taking her cue from their wives, seeing how they know when to insert a word, otherwise silent.
On their way again, the roads quieter out here, and he can see how she is responding to that sense of greater openness: her legs apart now, arms flopped on her thighs, only her eyes moving, scanning and scanning: the hedges and cows, the ragged old trees and then the stone walls, the small fields with water flowing everywhere. He feels that she is breathing this world in – a new place, but one she can fit into.
He decides to ask, his curiosity very great by now:
‘How does this compare to your home world, Nika?’
She takes her time before answering – he in fact was about to repeat his question – then tells him:
‘The thing about our mountains, Bennie, is that they are too expansive – expansive? I mean spread out, not generous.’
He nods emphatically, exactly his own impression:
‘So this means that you must wait for the land to feed you. And once you know how to wait, Bennie, you need never go anywhere else. You see, you learn that though mountains are lean, they are constant.’
He hits the steering wheel at this point, interjecting:
‘Constant, just like the mountains south of the city.’
She waits to see if he wants to say more, then continues:
‘But here, Bennie. I could live in the corner of any one of these wet fields. I don’t know why I think that: how I grasp whole mountain ranges at home but can’t see further than a sod anywhere here. I know it’s a tight land too, and the people here work hard to extract a living, yet there is a kind of magic to be seen anywhere I look.’
He’s vaguely embarrassed now, she going over the top like that. He tries to deflate her:
‘Not when your feet are wet and cold, Nika.’
She nods acceptance of this, no trouble doing that, but she still says:
‘In the mountains there are satyrs and nymphs, here there are – is it fairy folk? – do you see the difference? In the mountains there is only blood, here there is music and dance: we have stone gods, you have tree gods. You could die happy here, but no one wants to die in the mountains.’
He has nothing to say, only stealing glances over at her, seeing how she devours this land with her eyes.
 
Well, her mountains sent him looking for stone gods, so why shouldn’t this land have an effect on her. And how accurate she is: song and dance, dying happy into fairy land. Why not? This response of hers makes him more curious about how she will find the land he is bringing her into now. He can already see the glow on the horizon, but wants to see when she will notice it. She is looking around at this desolate land: treeless bog as far as the eye can see, low hills on most horizons, the glow to the west more pronounced. He prompts her, suddenly eager to see how she is responding:
‘What do you think now?’
She is taking her time, estimating, perhaps also a little self-conscious after her bravura performance earlier – after all, he hadn’t troubled to agree or disagree with her. So she answers simply:
‘If this land was raised about fifteen hundred metres I would say it was home. But no forest. Why are there no trees, Bennie?
‘For one thing, too exposed to the ocean storms, and the soil – such as it is – is very thin.’
She starts up, reaching across to clutch his forearm:
‘The ocean? Is that the light of the ocean, Bennie?’
He nods, delighted with her response:
‘Yes. That is the ocean out there.’
She takes her hand away from his arm and puts both her hands to her face:
‘And this is where you like to live, is it? The ocean owns this land, look how it clears it so it can show its own soul. You see, Bennie? See how the air itself pulses, as though the ocean waves flow up into the air.’
Now he does look across at her, seeing her as though transfigured, eyes wide, face radiant:
‘I didn’t think you were a poet, Nika. I mean, you’re such an intellectual.’
Everything seems to stop: she is staring at him:
‘Intellectual? Is that what you think? I don’t study God’s grace in the realm of evil just because I am interested in ideas, Bennie. What you call poetry is just the flow of my soul into this land. And I flow into this land in the same way you flowed into mine. You sought the spirit of my land in the same way that I am seeking the spirit of your land.’
He is chastened, recognising that he’s becoming too smart again, losing the continental cool of the last few weeks:
‘Sorry, Nika. I’m being too smart, a bad habit of mine.’
She reaches for his arm again:
‘No, no, Bennie. I am excited to be here. I was curious to know what your world is like. I knew that you respected mountains, but they are not your land. This here is your land. As barren as your ocean? And I understand so much more about you. You don’t like this world. You don’t even like being alive.’
They have breasted the last ridge and he can now see the low roofs of the village down in its hollow by the river. He says, distracted by the prospect of arrival, of being still once again, like a train at its terminus:
‘I’ve always thought I was born for a reason. Wouldn’t tell anyone that, they’d think I was arrogant. But can you see that, Nika? I felt that even as a child, that I had a task here, and that was the only reason I was born. Maybe everyone believes something like that. But I didn’t think that what I had to do involved this world. And when Siren came, well, that made sense, though it seemed a strange way to do things. The sex, I mean…’
He stops, realising that he is running on, nervous now that he is about to fully reveal himself to her. He’ll really hate if she is disappointed in him.
Then the car turns a bend and they are in the little village. The familiarity of the place overwhelms him. The little houses with their neat gardens and each with its little car outside on the road. Then the pub, the clutter of signs, the raw earth of its little carpark, the door open to the world, the beer casks cool on the stone floor under the bar. Then the shop:
‘Have to pull in here, Nika. We’ll need some things for this evening.’
He skips out of the car, not inviting her to follow, and steps across the threshold. The little woman behind the counter is talking to old Neddy – who has just had his two pints of stout in the bar next door, this being dole-day, and is in here to get a few things to keep him going until next week. She sees him of course, and tilts a finger in recognition. And then Neddy himself sees him, lights up and braces himself to speaks to him:
‘Well, if it isn’t the brave Bernard himself, back from his travels. Where did you go this time, boy?’
He can smell the beer from where he is at the door:
‘Just across the water a bit, Neddy.’
He doesn’t mean to cut the old man, but Neddy has all the time in the world for a bit of a chat, and yet seems indifferent to how others respond to this. He’s turning to the old woman, and is just in time to see her eyes swivel away from him to take in the new arrival at the door. But he says anyway, knowing who is at the door – it would take someone like her to lift the old woman out of her watchful complacency:
‘And how are you, Mrs O’Donnell?’
He would say more, but he has to let the two women size each other up. So he waits a moment, then turns to see how radiant she is in this light – the ocean just over the ridge on the other side of the road – her eyes more blue than he has even seen before. God, he thinks, but she is a vision, then says to the old woman:
‘This is my friend, Veronika, Mrs O’Donnell, come to visit with me for a while. Nika, will you say hello to Mrs O’Donnell.’
He’s forgotten about Neddy, still standing by his shoulder, but he hears him mutter:
‘God Almighty, where did you come from?’
Mrs O’Donnell has extended one hand, but when she grasps her hand, she brings hers other hand up to also clutch her, a sudden warmth there, she asking:
‘Where are you from, Veronica? Sure, you are like a vision here.’
And he says, crowding her just so Neddy – a cranky old bachelor – doesn’t take a turn against her because he feels ignored by her:
‘And this is Neddy, Veronika. He’s done a few jobs for me about the house.’
And she knows the score there too, turning at once and giving him her hand, letting him clutch with his grubby old hand, long dirty nails, scars and welts everywhere, saying with a deliberate intimacy:
‘And it is very nice to meet you too, Neddy.’
This kind of rapture could last a long time – nobody hereabouts in a hurry anywhere – but time is money, even for Mrs O’Donnell, who asks him:
‘Do you want a few things, Bernard?’
He smiles his gratitude for the cue:
‘Yes, just for the evening. Some milk and bread.’
That allows him to go down through the aisles, signally for her to follow – to further break the spell. As expected, he hears the old woman get Neddy out the door and on his way home. He has the milk and bread, but on a spur he calls across the shop:
‘Any fish today?’
‘There’s some mackerel Johnny Pat brought in this morning.’
He is at the cold counter by the time Mrs O’Donnell gets there, so she can point and continue:
‘They’re small, but it’s only the start of the season, Bernard.’
He does a laugh, explaining:
‘They’ll do us. We had a meal on the way down. Just two of them will do.’
 She fiddles thin plastic bags, saying:
‘Was it your man? Sure he feeds us like we dig ditches all day long.’
They both laugh, even though everyone who has ever passed through McNally’s Lounge and Restaurant says the same.
 
In the car, she asks:
‘Are they very poor here, Bennie. There’s very little stock in that shop.’
‘They were once, but they get state aid now. No, there’s a supermarket in a nearby town – about ten miles away – everyone goes there now. Apparently, there used to be two shops in the village, but the other guy was young. They tell me he has a string of shops in the American Mid-West. But there are people – like Neddy today – who still depend on Mrs O’Donnell. Isn’t it the same in your own isolated villages?’
‘Not that I know of, they…’
They have just breasted the ridge outside the village.
The ocean. The edge of the ocean looks like the edge of a sea, of a lake, even of a big pond. How do you know it’s the ocean? The light, of course. Here the sky is filled with two thousand miles of bright shining glittering ocean water reflecting the sun’s light back at the sun.
She grips his arm and asks:
‘How could you live here on your own, Bennie?’
He is genuinely surprised by her question, even a little startled, for he asks:
‘Why not, Nika? Isn’t it beautiful? Who wouldn’t want to live here?’
She’s staring at him now, finding him even more daunting than the great empty vastness before her:
‘Don’t you feel the need to fill all this space? Otherwise, Bennie, wouldn’t you get lost in the emptiness?’
He stops the car. They are on a narrow metalled road running parallel to the sandy shore, the evening sun already beginning to tint the basking ocean with a light gold. He takes her hands – which seem to be trying to grasp something before her – obviously the emptiness she referred to:
‘Nika. Let it be. There is no emptiness. This world is a full as any other, just as full as the centre of a big city.’
She’s almost pleading with him:
‘Do you know how I feel now, Bennie? I want to get out and run and jump. And I know I cannot run far enough nor can I jump high enough. I just can’t fill this space. I’m even afraid that I will run into the water if I go down to the beach.’
He shakes her hands gently:
‘Just let it settle down, Nika. We’ll go on to the house and you just let yourself – you know – fit in slowly. You’ll see, it’ll be fine. We don’t have far to go.’
He gets the car moving again, slow and steady on the uneven surface of the bog road. There are summer chalets about them here – still deserted – and what probably is some kind of holiday community centre just along the road as they pass. She is still absorbing her surroundings, still that astounded look on her face, making her seem more fragile than he knows she is. Then she suddenly asks, an edge of practicality returning:
‘How could people live here, Bennie? It’s absolutely desolate.’
‘Oh, they didn’t choose to, Nika. They lost a war about four hundred years ago and got pushed out here.’
Looks over at her:
‘You know something about that sort of thing yourself, yes? Goes on all the time. Like a bed, someone new gets in on this side, someone gets pushed out on the other side.’
She’s nodding, getting the message:
‘I understand. And your people, Bennie? What’s their history?’
He’s nodding, mildly sardonic:
‘Well, my mother’s people are Desmond Fitzgeralds. They were called Normans – but most likely they were Romanized Gauls pushed west by the advancing Franks – who lived by sword-land. They got themselves really good land in the south of the island, then got into trouble with Henry the Eighth and lost most of it. My father’s people are what used to be called the Ulaidh, pre-Celtic. They were a minor clan to the south of here and seemed to have survived well enough. Probably had nothing the invading Gaelic clans wanted.’
She is impressed by this:
‘I probably shouldn’t put it this way, Bennie, but let me say it anyway. I would not have expected an ordinary person like you to know so much about your ancestry.’
Still sardonic, he smiles across at her:
‘Oh, this country. It’s full of people from all over the place. You can’t help but know who you are. Every surname has its history. This is not a mass-society, the population reduced to ciphers. You ask Mrs O’Donnell – or even Neddy, at that – and they will give you stories as good as any aristocrat would. For instance, that little old woman you met in the shop: her ancestors once ruled this whole area. Oh, they still exist, but they are grandees in Spain now. And just to add some spice, it was her ancestors who harried my father’s ancestors about fifteen hundred years ago.’
By now they are beyond the resort area, deeper into the desolation, a lone hill before them, the land all about utterly barren. She sees the house immediately it comes into view, down towards the coastline, nestling in a hollow, visible solely because some of the stonework edging the roof is painted bright red. She asks, pointing:
‘Did you do that?’
‘Oh no. Easily missed otherwise. It’s a holiday home that’s rented out now, so newcomers might easily miss it otherwise. Mind you, it’s what took my fancy when I saw the photos of the place online.’
She’s looking around again:
‘There are no other houses in sight, Bennie.’
He’s turning down onto a dirt track:
‘No, as I told you. See that hill over to your right? That marks the northwest edge of the island. The big ocean storms hit the land not far to the south of here, then are forced to run up the coast until they hit that edge, when they can break free and go raging north east towards the next landmass. You can imagine what it’s like hereabouts then.’
The car is bumping quite a lot now, the trackway very narrow, with broken bogland on either side. She is clutching the dashboard, peering forward:
‘I still find it very difficult, Bennie, to connect you with this world. You’re not a stormy person yourself, and you’re certainly not isolated. So why did you come her?’
He’s laughing, part relief to be back here, part simple irony:
‘Probably to meet Siren. Why else, Nika? She probably fixed it all.’
 
He’s wary when they reach the house, watching her carefully as she gets out of the car. Even she seems wary, and for much the same reason. But, no: she stands erect, looks up at the sky – hearing for the very first time the low murmur of two thousand miles of ocean – then throws her arms up in the air and shouts out. Then she runs and throws herself into his arms, embracing him tightly. Stepping back then, she says, face lit up:
‘I feel as though I have been let out of a prison, Bennie.’
Then she runs around the house and out onto what might be the back garden – it there was a sign of cultivation – and up onto a low bank that gives her sight of the ocean itself. She sees the long line of foamy water stretching away to her right, and the long line of the calmer shoreline protected by a string of small islands extending away to her left. The sky is huge, extending from the flat line of oceanic horizon up above her on then on down to the low hills that fill the horizon behind her. She’s smiling when he reaches her:
‘Siren picked her spot, Bennie?’
He smiles in agreement, liking her easy irony here:
‘Didn’t she just? Look, see that domed rock there, slightly left of centre? That’s where she stood. I had been stoned the night before, so I had the feeling she was some kind of fantasy. That was proved when she jumped down into the pool that surrounds the rock and caused no splash, not even a ripple. I just walked away, thought I had finally lost it, too much weed on my own for too long.’
He feels sad for some reason as he leads her into the house. In the kitchen he stands looking out at the familiar scene: the coastline running south, flat and desolate, the ocean to the right a vivid blue by contrast. There is regret in the sadness, a regret that runs back down through his life: is there ever a right road for a life?
She’s sensing something of this, for she says in a quiet tone, standing behind him – where she can survey him and the world he had left to go and find her:
‘Are you sorry you left here, Bennie?’
He continues to look out the window as he answers her:
‘If I think I am, Nika, then I ask myself why I came here in the first place.’
He turns and looks at her, a desolation in his face now:
‘Then I question everything. I know I came here to die, but I think I held on day after day expecting something would happen. Then it did. And here I am now. And here you are, so far from home, and not knowing what will become of you. Oh, why did you come, Nika? Siren is not worth it. Not for you, I mean, like you’re some kind of tool. I should be working it out directly with her, and not involving you – and Bertiné too, for that matter. But I am frightened of her, Nika: that’s the truth. She overwhelms me.’
He strokes her lovely head as he walks past her. He goes up the stairs and down the corridor past the other bedrooms into the end one that he uses. He undresses and gets into the bed, pulling the cover up about him.
He cries himself to sleep, crying out of an inconsolable misery.
 
 He hears music when he wakens. The room is bright, and the difference in the light tells him it is morning. A cheerful pop-song, that fills him with a sudden jolly kind of ease. Another time he would have said that the ditty was designed to do that, but this morning he actually does feel that ease. It’s even better when he gets out of the bed, like he has been thinned out inside in some way, feeling especially aware of his bones. He remembers the tears of last night, and sees now that they had filled what seems like a cave inside him, a quiet place, essentially indifferent to everything.
He showers, then dresses in clean fresh clothes from the wardrobe. There’s an instant downstairs when he wonders who the attractive young woman in the cheery apron might be, who turns when he enters the room and asks:
‘Can we have the fish for breakfast, Bennie?’
He stands looking at her. Then he says:
‘God, but you are a remarkable woman, do you know that? You’re like a cork, always shooting back up to the surface.’
She tilts her head slightly, seeing how objective he is this morning, wondering if this is the real person coming to the surface now – more like his father than his mother. He’s looking around the kitchen, then he goes next door into the main room, then comes back and says, an element of incredulity in his voice:
‘You’ve been cleaning the place.’
It’s obvious that he had not expected this. She shrugs:
‘Surprised me too, Bennie. First time in my life that there isn’t a servant to do this work. But then I realised I was doing it for us.’
He shakes his head:
‘No, don’t go house-proud, Nika. You’ve already said you feel as though you have been let out of prison. The place will look after itself, you’ll see. Anyway, the fish. Sure we can have it now. We’ll poach them.’
Then he remembers:
‘What did you do last night? Sorry I was so upset. It was completely unexpected.’
He fetches out the big pan and sets it on the stove. She’s telling him:
‘That was fine. I ate some of the bread with butter and what is called jam, yes? I’m not sure I cut the bread properly. Then I got into the nearest bed and slept all night long. It was a long journey, Bennie, even longer for you.’
He has laid the fillets out in the pan and covered them with cold water, added a tiny amount of salt and a dab of soya sauce. She meanwhile has laid the table, working out of an instinct that tells her that cups need saucers and spoons. He does two things while they wait for the fish to cook: he shows her how to cut up a batch loaf, and most important, shows her how to make tea for two, using a teabag and a teapot.
Only then does he hear the music again – this time another jolly pop-tune just like the last one. Turns out there is a radio in the corner by the breadbin, which he had never noticed, and there are aprons – and other useful gear like towels and sheets – in a hot press out in the hallway.
 
The proposal is to walk the beach today. The beach is not the most accurate description of the shoreline: there are stretches of sandy beaches, sure enough, but these are separated by rocky extrusions of varying extent. Even so, there are well-defined pathways over the rock, indicating that walking the length of the shoreline is popular with visitors. The shoreline is about eight kilometres long, and they reach the shoreline – an extensive beach of soft sand here – about three klicks from the headland north, so about five from the river south. Which way? He suggests south, walking into the sunlight – in any case, not as forbidding as walking towards the dark headland, rock becoming more prevalent.
She wants to make a fuss of the outing: this is the first time she has ever walked on a beach anywhere, by a sea or ocean. But she recognises quickly that his mood has changed, more sombre, walking ahead of her with his hands held behind his back, head bowed. She realises that the element of withdrawal that she had noticed the previous day has deepened. She decides to press him on this, calling to him:
‘How are you, Bennie? You are very quiet today.’
He does stop and turn towards her, releasing his hands so that his arms come to hang by his sides:
‘I feel as though I have been emptied. But when I try to find out what I have lost, I see that there was nothing there in the first place. This means that everything that I thought was me was little more than a trick of mirrors. I’m not necessarily happy with this state, Nika. I look at you now and I don’t like to think that you were fooled in some way by me: I don’t want to think that of such a fine person as you. And when I think of my parents, my mother especially: was she a fool for thinking that I was her ever-loving Bennie, with all the easy ways that she liked? In reality, I am just this empty me, standing in a cold place on a dark night. I don’t feel the cold, and I know I wouldn’t feel warmth if it came, nor would I see the light.’
He sinks into a sitting position on the sand, knees raised.
She thinks she should be shocked in some way by what he has just said – a sign of depression here worse than anything her mother had ever endured – but she is not. She had seen this state in her father too, even in Pavel once: it’s how men are when left to themselves. And the warmth and light he spoke about come from the women. For that is what women are like: no idea where they have come from or where they are going, like trains in the night, headlight cutting through the dark but lighting nothing, always nothing. And the temptation to turn to men in that darkness, to light their way, to warm their hearts, is too great – in effect, the driving force of life, even of reality.
She sits down beside him. She waits until he reaches for her hand.
Then it begins.
 
Afterwards, she manages to get him back to the house and laid out in one of the downstairs bedrooms. His breathing is shallow, but regular, and he seems neither too warm nor too cold. She covers his body, draws the curtains and leaves him in the darkened room to sleep.
 
Come evening, she is not sure whether she should sleep with him or not. But she leaves the decision open until she has checked on him one last time.
His eyes are open, and they shift to look at her when she comes into view. He says:
‘I am to convey this message to you. It is suggested that you record it. I will wait now until you bring your phone.’
She rushes to get her phone, sets it up, and then rushes back:
‘This is the karmic entity of this existent. It is capable of cohering the physical component for a limited period, which limit will soon be reached. In recognition of the fact that you are a woman of knowledge, it has been decided that an account of what has been achieved should be offered to you. This is the account now. The salvation of mankind involves three elements, two of which are already known to you: that is, the so-called female element, called Sophia by the ancients on account of her memories of the eons preceding the creation of human beings. There is also the male element, which is in effect the original human being that existed before the division of the sexes, but with the Sophic element separated from him. Now I will tell you about the third element. It is the pearl that the male element here once recognised, but it can also be seen as a star or a sun. In itself, it has no presence by human standards. But it is absolutely essential to human existence, in effect its core identity. No human life can begin unless a pearl element serves to act as a kind of attractor that draws about it the materials that the human body requires. It is not a formal principle, nor is it an artificer in any sense. The idea of magnet is useful, except that the pearl has no material presence at all. And should this pearl withdraw at any time – under whatever conditions – then that human being would die instantly. Now, as to what has happened today. The separation of the sexes was intended to serve a number of functions, only one of which should concern you here. At a specific stage of human development it would become possible for the two elements of the human being to unite – but not merge to become the unitary being they had previously been – in such a way that they could embrace this pearl element. A good image of this is the oyster, where the two elements are the shell-halves that contain the pearl.  Once achieved, upon the death of that individual human being, its two constituent elements would be taken by the pearl back with it to its source. This would then make possible an action that permits the combination of the three elements to make contact with the ultimate source itself, the Perfect, which in turn would permit the inauguration of the final mystery, in effect the salvation not only a human kind, but of the entire universe, all reality. No further details will be given here, because such knowledge would serve no useful purpose, if only because a mystery must be enacted, and can only be enacted by those capable of doing so. Farewell.’
 
 
 
AFTERWARDS
 
 
She knows the exact second he goes – drawing away, as a ghost, towards that incomparable realm of the True – and feels such a surge of some kind of power, like a great strength or a steady grip, that she can plan the coming day in detail: first the officials, then the locals, then his family, then her brother, then herself. Then it’s over.
She covers the body with a sheet. Makes sure the window is open. Then she takes the car to the village, to ask the help of Mrs O’Donnell. Could not have been better, the medical and security officials are here in a matter of minutes. Mrs O’Donnell gives each a quick wave out the shop window to send them on down to the house. Then she offers to make her a cup of tea. This is agreeable: better meet the locals in here and save them the long drive.
And this is what happens – more or less – except that Mrs O’Donnell pulls a young man out of the queue, telling her that she will send him down to the house in case she has need of him. This was an exceptional offer: there is nothing to hide down there, for what they might look for is still out of sight for their kind.
She finds she can do gracious lady for a short time only: images of her grandmother haunting her for some reason. But it is also true that these locals had never seen the likes of her before – and some of them have been across the water – and they do queue patiently to hold her hand and look into her eyes, as heavenly as they were told by others. And this adoration – no other word for it – had a curious effect on her: it is like she could save all these people here, could do it if it were necessary.
Then she has to get back to the house, scooting down the little lane at great speed – now that she knows where she is. The medical official tells her that her partner died of heart failure and writes out a document for her to keep safe. Then she hears his phone ring, away up in the back bedroom. She has to take this call:
‘Hello.’
‘Hello? You’re not Bennie? Where’s Bennie? Jack! Bennie’s dead!’
There is the patient hum of static. Then:
‘Who are you, may I ask?’
Tell it straight:
‘I was with Bernard on his road-trip. He invited me back here for a short holiday.’
‘Where are you from? Your voice.’
‘Bulgaria. I met your son there, Mrs Gilmartin. My name is Veronica. I am so sorry to have to tell you this: but Bennie passed away this morning. The authorities have been here. Can you come today? I’m not sure what to do.’
‘Jack? Yes, tell her yes. Yes, Veronica, we’ll come now. I’m so sorry for you.’
Sorrow is like a cloud for her – and she is always above the clouds. She has registered the connection to his parents: how they are like Bennie himself – kept alive by the thread of life, always more work to do on that bright shiny road. It’s like she flows through the absent Bennie and down the golden lane to the home of his parents, only to see him always looking for a way out.
The security official was surprisingly friendly – even shook her hand when he had the chance. A warm soft hand, that would be gentle in the evening when such a grace is needed. He gives her no document – only makes notes in his little book – and tells her that none is needed. He didn’t even ask for her passport, to see who she is. He is so gentle, like a lamb.
Then Mrs O’Donnell’s man comes down to the house. She does welcome him in – even though it is not her home – and has the good sense to ask him what he should do. And what is that? He wants to clear up the garden. She is so surprised by this that she follows him out to see what that means. He explains:
‘An aunt of mine served here, you know. That’s when Doctor Willis and his family spent their summers there. Such a fine house it was too, good materials and shape for the weather. She said she was happy here, that the Doctor was kind. There was a garden here, the likes of which you would not have seen in this part of the world. It was a matter of shelter, that’s all, the ocean is kind along here, warmest here for us all.’
Can she see this vision? No. Why? Flowers: flowers die on you. She can only see the eternal now. But she can now understand the need for shelter. Always sheltering. So strong the pull of life: there’s always tomorrow.
So she leaves him to do whatever he is determined to do. Then the question about Pavel. Rings him, and only afterwards realises that he won’t know how to get here. She’s about to ring him again when she realises that she doesn’t know how to get here either. But he’ll get here, she’s certain of that – her loyal brother.
Now she does something she has avoided doing all morning long: she looks out at the ocean, the rollers to the right and so soft on the left. She has a better understanding of Bennie now: someone should have given him a Sistine Chapel to paint up. Not great, but getting there, as he used to say with that eternal look of trepidation.
Then there is the shift of tires on the loose surface coming down to the house. Another helper of Mrs O’Donnell this time – a thin young girl still in her school uniform – with two bags of groceries – the makings of three dinners and a glass of something afterwards, and the usual things. This was so thoughtful of the old woman: he must have been the centre of her every daydream. The girl tells her that Mrs O’Donnell has a compilation of every shot of him in the shop and that its runs for fifteen hours and fourteen minutes. She tells her that Mrs O’Donnell would give her a copy as a keepsake if she wants it. She’s horrified at the idea but then realises that it would be a keepsake: Bennie before Siren would be nice to know.
But the girl wouldn’t accept any of her money. She said that Mrs O’Donnell said that she owed Bernard some money, and that this would square everything.
Then the girl is gone again – surely hardly old enough to drive here? Then the world is very big again. She’s sitting looking at the bags of shopping now, for some reason unable to comprehend something about range of foods they eat here: eating everyone else’s food, leaving only hunger behind. Nothing is shared.
 
This is how they find her, sitting with bowed head, tears flowing from her eyes. The woman touches her shoulder the gentlest touch possible, instinctively aware of the young woman’s state. She signals the man to check the kitchen, then takes a chair and draws it over beside her and sits on it, saying as simple statement:
‘You carried him over the last part. Thank you. We both thank you.’
The woman then follows the man into the kitchen.
Strange how channels open – like a watching ice melt – and she can see them as though already at home: their son’s home like their own home. But the channels: the woman is like a pure sea and the man is like a peg you would use to block a hole, confident that it will hold. That’s the two of them: he’s an island and she is the sea surrounding him, curious to know what land is like. So many images now, and yet the tone doesn’t change much, a steady warmth going back centuries.
She turns away towards the window, to look again on the smiling face of the ocean. She sees her own family now, possession so stultifying, clutching at even useless land just to own something. And yet she can see the grace that ran through them. Shelter. No longer needed now, but remaining a grace, nonetheless. How I sheltered Bennie. What did we understand of that spiritual love, jealousy? What happened between him and Bertiné? I do believe what Bennie told me, but why did she go?
Yes, because she got what was available to her: her hidden half. 
Then she is surprised to find herself asking: is that more than what I have got now?
The woman is saying, pointing as she looks back at her:
‘Look, Veronica, I’ll cook us a dinner and you and Jake sit in the other room. And I’ll bring you some tea.’
The man is just so much like a peg, though even before he speaks she knows he makes good use of that steadiness. He says to her, facing her as she sits in the too-deep old sofa:
‘Bennie always said that there had to be an end to things. I mean, I would agree but at the same time it wouldn’t bother me. But it bothered him. Why do you like him?’
She’s taken aback by the directness, not expecting this from what seems a prudent artisan. Once again, she finds a shift in herself: she seeing now that he is an observer. Seeing also that he already knows why she likes Bennie. But she says, even so:
‘Because I love him, Mr Gilmartin. No other reason.’
He nods in reply to this:
‘How long did you know him?’
‘Little more than a week.’
‘How did you meet?’
‘He had a car accident crossing the mountains. My brother brought him home so that he could rest for a while.’
‘That was very generous of your brother.’
‘Bennie was a very interesting person, Mr Gilmartin. We were very happy to have his company.’
‘Was he a good painter, Veronica? Bridie – that’s my wife, Bennie’s mother – always said he had a great talent. Was he any good?’
‘Yes. Very original eye.’
‘What a way to put it. Yes, it is the eye. He used to complain to me that his hands were no good. I used to tell him that the eye rules the hand. I saw he could do it with that flower painting he gave his mother. It’s hanging in the hall. I’ll show it to you when we get back. You are coming to the funeral, aren’t you?’
‘I hadn’t given thought to that yet.’
The man calls out:
‘Bridie! Bridie, what did Colcannon say?’
‘Tomorrow afternoon, three o’clock. He’s making all the arrangements. But he wants a priest there to say a word over him.’
The man gets up and goes to the doorway, looking out at his wife:
‘Will that suit Bennie? He wasn’t interested in religion, was he?’
The woman has come to the door, wiping her hands with a tea towel:
‘It won’t do him any harm, Jack. What do you think, Veronica?’
She’s startled at first, but then it’s like she joins their stream in some way:
‘A priest is good, Mrs Gilmartin. We don’t have to believe in god. Sufficient that someone else does.’
Both the man and the woman are intrigued by her reply, seeing how Bennie’s mother shifts in some way as she replies:
‘That’s the way it is in most parts of the world, Veronica. Jack?’
The man straightens up and says:
‘Good enough for me, Bridie, especially if Veronica agrees.’
Then he winks across to her as he continues, looking over at his wife:
‘And the tea?’
The woman startles, throwing her head up:
‘Oh, I forgot all about the tea. Give me a minute.’
And she’s gone. The man sits down on the other end of the sofa and then leans towards her to ask:
‘Do you know the difference between dogs and cats, Veronica? No? I’ll tell you: dogs tame their owners, cats don’t. Bridie is a cat.’
 
The undertaker came later in the evening, before dinner. Only then did his parents go in to look at him – drawing the sheet back with some care – and watch as he was bagged up and laid in the coffin. Neither cried nor showed any emotion at all. She watched from the side window in the kitchen, the smell of the cooking cabbage strong in her nose. It is a smell that echoes some place she had seen driving here with Bennie, somewhere wet and green, cold but pure. She watches the coffin being pushed into the hearse with a feeling of relief, a feeling that a barrier is being removed.
 
They ate together around the table in the kitchen, an informal gathering that she took to very easily. The food was plain, but it was fresh – in even the greatest restaurant the food is always second-hand, if only because it must look what it costs you, so that you find yourself eating money, always eating money.
They didn’t talk much either, something very deliberate in this – as though they were all in rehearsal. She is pleased by this fact, if only because she is beginning as though to wake up from the nightmare of this day. But if she thinks of the past, then she is always walking into the dining room that Saturday evening before last and seeing him sitting there looking at her with exactly the same recognition in his eyes. But it is a vision at the end of a long corridor, a corridor with Bennie’s death at the other end. And it is like there is something there that she cannot touch, may never be able to touch: Bennie is still there, alive in some way but beyond her love of him.
This is the first intimation she has that she may not be able to cope with his death. Either that, or she will fail to understand that he is still present to her, and will be always. Either grief or failure of vision will overcome her.
It’s then that the woman says to her, looking very directly at her, though this not a challenging as she first feared:
‘You will come back with us, won’t you, Veronica? We have so much to ask you.’
She makes as though getting up from the table, saying:
‘I’ll take the car – Bennie’s car – if you like. How long will it take us?’
The man raises his hand to forestall her:
‘No, Veronica. Plenty of time tomorrow morning. I vote we get an early night and start early in the morning.’
And then she thinks – just as her phone begins to ring – what about Pavel? And of course it is Pavel, telling her that he is in a taxi driving in from the airport and no idea where he is going. She tells the man:
‘It’s my brother. Can you suggest a hotel for him?’
‘He’s here?’
She nods and he pulls out his phone, speed dials then says:
‘Conn? Betty! Listen. Do you have a spare tonight? Yes, from Bulgaria, Bennie’s girlfriend’s brother. Good. No, he’s in a taxi somewhere. Give him a half hour. Right. Good. Love to all.’
He signals for her phone, then says:
‘Hello? Yes. Can I speak to your driver?’
She loses track of his instructions, rapid toing and froing between him and the taxi driver. Then he hands the phone back to her. She says:
‘Pavel? Angliĭski. The driver will take you to friends of Bennie’s parents. I’ll see you tomorrow.’
‘Are you well, Nika?’
‘It is good, Pavel. All good.’
The woman asks, with obvious delicacy:
‘And your mother?’
She looks the woman directly in the eye, seeing how honest and straight her dark blue eyes return her look:
‘Maika – my mother – doesn’t travel much.’
And she sees from how the woman’s look changes – only very slightly – that she already understands something about her. Does this mean, she wonders abstractly, that she also understands something about her son? As though reading her thoughts, the woman says:
‘Bennie loved you, didn’t he? I heard it in his voice when I spoke to him last, Veronica. He was happy again.’
And she can see the other question the woman wants to ask, seeing it in the slight creasing about her eyes: can see her reaching towards some kind of insight. The man says:
‘He was badly hurt as a teenager. Did he tell you? It happens, but she was only a good as she was.’
And the woman adds, leaning towards her even as the man leans back on the other side of the table from her:
‘I prayed that he would find someone, Veronica. He wasn’t the kind of man that could survive on his own.’
She turns to look at the man now, to include him in what she wants to say now:
‘If I had known he was living here for months on his own, I would have died with the worry. We knew we couldn’t help him anymore. He was an adult now and we could only pray that we had done our best by him.’
What surprises her now is that she feels a connection with what the woman has told her, feeling as though her own experience of Bennie is fusing with theirs. She wants to be quiet and steady with them – only in their company for less than two hours – but she finds herself saying:
‘No. It frightened me too, Mrs Gilmartin. How could he live with two thousand miles of ocean at his back? But he could do it. I still feel the urge to run away to every horizon, even to run out into that ocean.’
There’s more she could say, but she knows she would break down crying if she spoke further. Even the woman has been infected, seeing her as though wilting, her arms coming to rest on the table on either side of her plate. But it is the man who speaks:
‘Veronica, call us by our first names. Please. I’m Jack and my wife is Bridie, that’s short for Bridget, who used to be called Mary of the Gael.’
She nods acceptance, then the man continues:
‘I see it in the apprentices, Veronica. We grew up in a contained world, work and family, not much more. But your generation is no longer contained. You’d call it freedom, but all it is is like being nowhere at all. And you’re on your phones all the time as though trying to make connections so that you might be somewhere.’
Silence around the table: like they’ve gone off the track. It’s the woman who comes back first, asking her, again very directly:
‘Did Bennie paint you, Veronica? You are very beautiful. Bennie loved beauty above all.’
She nods, seeing herself like a stream of golden water flowing into the intent eyes of him that first evening, melting away into him. The woman knows that silence is best now, but the man does say:
‘It was his eye, wasn’t it?’
And she nods – even nodding fervently – at the memory now.
It’s the woman who speaks then:
‘He never trusted his hands, Veronica. He thought they were clumsy. But I always told him that they were big, too big for what they had him doing in that art college. I even told him to paint the side of the house – it’s a corner house and part of it is blind. He thought I was just teasing him.’
Now she is going to cry. She gets up from the table and says, the evasion obvious:
‘I would like to rest now. It has been a long day. Thank you for the meal.’
She’s gone before they can reply. She hurries to clean her teeth and pee, then gets into the bed she had slept in before, the bed Bennie had died in.
Now that she can cry, she finds instead that she wants to pray, Maĭchitse at her shoulder, her presence a balm. But even praying into this relief does not hide from her the fact that she cannot grieve yet because she has so far to go before she arrives at that place.
Then blessed sleep.
 
She’s down on the beach early, a wool shawl she found in the wardrobe of the bedroom over her shoulders. It is coloured a flat purple, a colour that suits the local dark haired women but does not suit her, making her seem as though on fire, her fair hair almost transparent in the morning light. Otherwise, it’s the same creased pink top and blue slacks, her feet bare on the soft cool sand.
‘You’re an early riser?’
It’s the man, the cuffs of his cool blue shirt rolled back to mid-forearm, greying dark hair tousled in the light wind, leaving him looking surprisingly debonair, given where he is.
‘Ah, Mr… Jack?’
‘Pet form of John. All our Johns were Jakes, and all our Williams are Billy, not Willy.’
She sees that he does mean to be witty, to put her at her ease. But when she moves, she feels how her clothes move with her: how the shawl shifts, a spurt of force creating a wave that raises the shawl up off her slender shoulders, her free breasts swinging easily against the soft fabric of the shirt, how her hips roll against rigidity of the slacks, and how this firmness allows her to bring her body back under control.
The man is like a courtier of old: offering the maximum in praise with the least possible effort. But she can see that he is also very much enjoying the sight of her, for he says:
‘I believe in one man for one woman. I know Bennie did not believe in that principle. How did you feel about that? I ask because you strike me as a loyal and dedicated woman, capable and independent.’
‘I offered to die for Bennie, Jake. But instead he leaves me here alone. I know why, but I still miss him.’
The man has now drawn up beside her. As though on a hidden signal, she turns to face the ocean just as the man’s shoulder grazes her shoulder. Side by side, she just short of his height, they stand and survey the bright smiley face of the ocean. The man says:
‘Masons say that death is treated as a debit in many places, so that the agent must know absolutely the value of that debt.’
The connection is casual – almost familiar – like she’s in a waiting room waiting for Bennie. So she can tell him:
‘On that rock there Bennie saw a naked woman, who came to join him and bring the universe to bliss.’
She had expected to say more, but the image simply took her over: a woman making her man happy. What else is there?
The man is nodding:
‘I said to Bennie one day, while he was still at college, that he should give some women a chance with him. Do you know what he said? He said: they play a waiting game now, dad, a game of conquest. I was surprised he used the word conquest, knowing that he couldn’t be conquered.’
She doesn’t hear much of this, the memory of that last union consuming all of her attention: they talk of light who have never seen light true – light never seen by human eyes. She presses her fingers together in prayer, calling in this way for Maĭchitse. But she does say, even so:
‘A woman waiting is a woman with purpose, but whether she continues to wait or not is an imponderable question. Was I lucky, Jake? Or is there some kind of fate? Does it matter if we try or not anyway?’
The man turns so as to look over towards the house, saying:
‘And what do you wait for, Veronica?’
They set off together up across the sand, the shawl lifting on her elegant shoulders in the steady wind, flapping like wings.
‘I wait for truth, Jake. I will work to understand what I know now.’
 
Car journeys. The car is so big without him, his presence like a rug she could lie on and just feel that flow, without all the talking we did. They don’t stop at the famous McNally place, but in the hotel in the town, Jack standing them all morning coffee with dry eclairs. Not indigestion, more like a wind farm at work. Who was to know in an empty car? 
 
In the house, Jake decided that he will go over and get Pavel before it got too late. In the kitchen, the woman immediately begins preparations for lunch. She’s still in the hall, trying to see his blue flower clearly. Perhaps it was a case of new eyes on an old subject, but she sees clearly that it was a cloudy day for Bennie, but whether before or after him is unclear. Yet she knows that it is a gate, a door – more a way in than a way out.
The woman comes out to the hall and presses a button. The light now on the little painting is so different: now the flower says:
Light ahead.
The woman says:
‘Bennie bought me that shade, Veronica. It’s very old. I was afraid to ask Bennie how much he paid for it, because I didn’t want ever to give up that light, that beautiful light.’
She nods, smiling:
‘And he painted me with that colour, Bridie. As though I was a golden angel. I sat down at the dinner table and saw this man with such eyes. My mother said he could see demons, which I think now is true.’
The woman has walked back out to the kitchen, saying as she went:
‘But not you, Veronica. He saw the angel you are.’
She follows into the kitchen, the smell of frying meat strong suddenly, and the woman turns and touches her shoulder to guide her to a seat at the table. She sits, though she knows lunch will be a while yet. She can see Bennie so clearly, as though sitting at the table also, knows she shares his experience of vacuity, the emptiness like a waiting room too. Did he not ever see more? Here, she can see that light in the vacancy. But what light is it?
She knows the instant Pavel touches her shoulder, her arms rising accurately to encircle his neck, feeling the pressure of his arm against her back as he lifts her from the table, murmuring with a momentary abandon:
‘Brat.’
And he with his head pressed against hers, says:
‘Sestra.’
The man is saying:
‘Can’t believe the stupidity of people sometimes…’
But the woman is only now telling them that it is ready, and she begins to lay out filled plates at each place around the table.
 
All are hungry, and so business-like with regard to the food. They eat flavoured yoghurts afterwards, then chocolate biscuits with their tea, all together in the big front room. The man is saying:
‘…with the ease of a giant octopus. I never believed that kind of thing.’
The woman is saying to Pavel, who smiles a little fixedly at her all the while:
‘We don’t have that level of official here, Pavel. We all know what we are about.’
Pavel is patient:
‘But you were oppressed too, Bridie.’
She’s nodding, grasping him as best as she can, then saying:
‘Well, as they say, they did more to their own people than they ever did to us.’
He is still trying to grasp her thought, seeing her dealing with tones while he can only see steps. On impulse he asks this suddenly very interesting person:
‘Is revenge like that here, Bridie? You hurt them yet don’t inflict pain?’
She answers him as she gets up to clear the table and clean up in the kitchen:
‘At some stage the bully runs out of destiny. A matter of balancing out.’
 
Then it is time for the cremation of Bennie. Not unexpected: there is this huddle of the family group up at the front, then there are all the pals, lovers, friends and mates at the back, that tell each other that they knew Bennie in the old days. They talk a lot in heated whispers. The woman says to her:
‘Would you like to say a few words, Veronica. I’m sure his old friends would like to know what became of him.’
She stands up, firming herself against the wilt induced by the collective stare of the congregation. She’s wearing one of the woman’s dresses, black and somewhat loose on her, the effect held together by a rope-like belt drawn close about her waist. The congregation just stares at her, everyone knowing now just how Bennie got on in life. The strange thing here is this: there’s no envy, many feeling that the young and beautiful woman they are looking at was a realisation of something in their relations with Bennie, be it in a bar or in a bed – didn’t matter.
She speaks:
‘Bennie would tell you that he was a careless lover. Always on his way somewhere else. He might claim that he was no worse than anybody else. But one thing he would never claim: that you were no good. He was a loner who saw everyone else as a loner too. His tolerance was actually indifference, simply an acceptance that he couldn’t relate to you. And yet the truth is, Bennie prayed for what he could not give others. Have you ever done that? Not a sceptic as such, more that he wanted proof for something he could not believe existed. And love did come to him, and of course he ran away. He drove all the way across the continent until he ran off his road in our mountains. My brother, Pavel here, brought him to us to recover. How many of you here loved Bennie? Maybe for a day or a week, maybe for ever. He never believed that love existed, or that it could even exist. I offered to die for him, as prove of love. But he refused that, saying he wanted to know me. Is that strange? Bennie believed he could know me, even though he also believed he could not love me. But, as the priest here might tell us: you need not believe in God for his power to work for you. You need not believe in love for love to work for you. Love works for us all of the time. We could not exist without love. I love Bennie. Do you love Bennie?’
It was almost unanimous, excepting the usual contrarians, and it was the signal for the priest to get to work with his holy water and his prayers. Then the curtain closed – end of show.
 
The plan was that Jack and Pavel between them would find a venue for dinner for the two families together. But they could not get away from Bennie’s many friends, so that they all ended up in a nearby pub, massive chatter among them all, the kitchen busy with precisely sixty four chicken dinners. No better way. She sat at the centre of all this and thought: such a light, never seen by incarnate humans.
She need never cry again.
 
 
27.07.2021
