

Sleepwalker
Branches of Emrys #1


Brandy L Rivers
Copyright 2017 Brandy L Rivers
Smashwords Edition
http://brandylrivers.com 
Cover Design by Brandy L Rivers
Edited by Emily A. Lawrence
www.lawrenceediting.com

All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.
Also by Brandy L Rivers

Box Sets
Others of Edenton - Series Volume 1
Others of Edenton - Series Volume 2
Others of Edenton - Series Volume 3
Others of Seattle - Series Volume 1
Others of Seattle - Series Volume 2

Others of Edenton
New Beginnings
In Too Deep
Shadows Fall
Shadows of the Past
Falling Into Place
Fated Love
Breaking Free
Mending Scars
Labor of Love
Light in Darkness
Blissful Agony
Entangled Darkness
Deadly Design
Blood Bound (Coming Summer 2017)

Others of Seattle
Nights Embrace
Storm Mistress
Accepting Fate
Red Queen
Seductive Solutions
Changing Destiny
Coming Together
Storm Wrath
Twisted Bonds 

Nights Embrace Spin Off
Summer Rhythm

Combustible
Heart on Fire
Falling Star
Sweet Tooth
Backburn

Pine Barrens Pack Co-Written with Rebecca Brooke
Cursed Vengeance
Vengeance Unraveled (Coming 2017)

To keep up with upcoming releases and news visit me at my
Website - Facebook - Twitter
Or join my newsletter or reading group Rivers' Shenanigans
Table of Contents


Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
About Brandy L Rivers
Also by Brandy L Rivers
Reference Guide
Acknowledgements
Dedication


To Lexi, my little dreamer and artist
Never stop seeing the world the way you do
Chapter 1


Walking down the hall of her childhood home was like sleepwalking through memories that threatened to rip out her bleeding heart. Forgetting the past had been impossible, but she'd managed to move on.
Savon never should have moved back where everything reminded her of the boy who crushed her dreams.
Ignoring her brother's pleas to move home would have been easy if life hadn't become so chaotic in San Francisco. Silvertail Ridge offered her a chance at peace. No one there knew of her adventures and strolls into danger.
The small town was the perfect place to fully immerse herself in her art. She could still travel, find new inspiration, and come back to isolate herself from the world.
She had no regrets about moving to San Francisco. Her experiences had been freeing. Savon grew her craft, gained a following for her art, and embraced her magic while learning to wield it to the best of her abilities. 
Her powers were a mix of Sylvan Fae and sorcery. Finding training had been nearly impossible. 
The only other Sylvan she knew were her mother and brother. Mom had only taught them the basics of communicating with animals and simple nature magic. Savon hadn't been awakened when she left, so her magic hadn't reached its potential. And after she was, she was too angry to go back and ask her parents for answers, so she trained herself.
Besides, no sorcerer would train Savon after her power hit her like a tidal wave. They were scared because they couldn't control their own familiars in her presence. Her father had gone so far as to lock her magic away when she was young. She still heard the voices of entities trapped between planes, spirits no one else saw, and saw the emotions of the people around her through their auras. Since the spells blocking her magic evaporated, her power had been amplified.
Now that her parents were dead and gone, she wished she had gone back to get answers but coming back to Silvertail Ridge was never easy.
Pictures lined the walls. Her, her brother, and their parents. Only Bran was left. And she did miss her brother.
Her gaze was drawn to a photo that threatened to break her apart. She froze, staring into his molten chocolate eyes.

Twelve years ago, the wind blew through the branches of their willow tree. Their haven. 
Nate's even breathing lulled her into peace she rarely found.
Two weeks had passed since she'd last seen him. His college finals had been brutal and he was working his ass off to get to grad school faster so they could run away and start a new life away from Silvertail Ridge.
Nate stirred, nuzzling her neck as his hand covered her heart. "Marry me, Savon."
Elation erupted. Rolling to face him, she smiled at the man who filled her with love.
His aura shone with shades of white and red, splashed with violet. Love, passion, desire.
"Yes, even if we have to hide it from your father until we can get away."
"Don't care about him if I have you."
"You have me forever."
He grinned, climbing on top of her, his mouth descending in the sweetest kiss. Happiness shone in his eyes. "Don't have a ring yet. You'll have one tonight."
"Don't care about a ring," she whispered, holding his face as she leaned up to take his mouth again.
"Want the world to know you're mine." He hopped up and glanced in the direction of his home. "I'll take you away from here as soon as I'm back. I know where we can go."
Savon climbed to her feet and took his hands. "Can't go yet. Graduation is tomorrow. I don't care about the ring. You're all I need."
He pulled her against his body, winding his arms around her. "Two hours. I'll be back. We'll leave after the ceremony. I love you." He stepped away and pulled his pants on.
Fear settled into the pit of her stomach. A familiar voice whispered, "Don't let him leave."
Tears filled her eyes. "Stay with me. You can get it another day."
He shook his head. "Needs to be now."
"Why now?" she insisted, pulling at his hand.
"If we're married, Dad can't argue with my decision." Nate slipped his sandals on and pulled on a T-shirt before heading down the path.

Pain rushed in with the memory of the last time she saw Nate. Heart thumping, she yanked the frame off the wall and threw the offending memento.
Tears ran down her face as she slid down the opposite wall, a strangled cry escaping her lips as she desperately attempted to shove Nate out of her mind. Too many years wasted on the man who tore her heart out and twisted it to shreds.

Two hours passed. Nate didn't come for her. By dinner she was frantic. No one knew where he was, and the last place she wanted to go was to his house to ask his father.
Killian hated her.
Savon laid her head against the glass, watching his driveway, waiting for Nate to come home.
He didn't.
Her door opened, and shades of blue for sadness and gray for worry filled the room as Bran walked in and took a seat next to her. "Still haven't heard from him?"
She shook her head. "I told him not to go."
"Why?"
She almost told him that Nate proposed. Almost.
Biting her tongue, she stared out the window. "He needed to go to the city. What if something happened?"
"What could have happened?"
"Don't know. But he wouldn't leave and not come back. He-he wouldn't just disappear. Not without something happening. An accident or something."
"He wouldn't abandon you. I'll see if I can find him."
"Thanks, Bran."
He kissed her head and left her alone. She watched him drive away a moment later and spent the rest of the night waiting for Nate or Bran to come with news that never came.

"Savon, are you okay?" It was Nate's voice, further breaking her shattered reality.
When she finally looked up, she found her brother staring back. "What happened? Did you fall?" Bran demanded.
Shaking her head, she pointed at the shattered glass. Her voice came out a strained cry. "Why would you do that?"
"What?"
"The picture, that fucking picture."
"What picture?" Concerned, he looked around, then pulled the photo from the mess. "That's odd. It wasn't here the other day."
"Bullshit. How the hell did it get here then?" Savon pushed herself to her feet and gathered the contents of the box. "I don't want anything to do with that asshole." She scooted past Bran and dropped the box on the bed.
Magic bubbled up, nearly bursting free with her anger. Usually she could tamp it down, but stress made it difficult. And having Nate shoved in her face was the last thing she needed.
Bran took her shoulders, staring into her eyes. "Hey, Savon, I didn't know. I wouldn't do that to you."
She turned back to find his soft brown eyes locked on hers. No reply formed. Hurt and anger stole her words as she stared back.
He pushed his shaggy blond hair off his face. "Honest, I wouldn't do that to you." Sincerity stared back with a hint of guilt. Bran knew something, but Savon didn't pry. He wouldn't spill until he was ready.
The Roantrees were great at keeping secrets. They grew up in a town of secretive Others. No one shared much about their personal lives, abilities, or anything else. A damned cycle that needed to break.
At least he'd been lucky. Bran never inherited their father's sorcerer abilities, only their mother's Sylvan magic. 
In the last couple years he'd been changed to a werewolf. He told her part of the story. Bran pulled some asshole over. The bastard shot and left him for dead. Another werewolf changed him to save his life. He never told her who.
A tiny part of her hoped she could find her parents' secrets in the house. There had to be some clue, some hint. Her last conversation with her mother seemed to be a plea for her to find the answers.
Thinking about it only made her angry. Why not just tell her what she was supposed to find?
Savon cast a glare over her shoulder as Bran followed her into the room.
"Sav, talk to me, Sis. Why does one picture of Nate throw you into a tailspin?"
Tears filled her eyes as she remembered back to the day her world fell apart. Nate's father wouldn't tell her what happened to Nate-wouldn't say if he lived or died. After a month, she moved to San Francisco, expecting Nate to come for her if he was alive.
Three weeks passed with no news. Savon had started to believe Nate was dead.
Then she learned she was pregnant. The spark of life gave her something to hold on to. A piece of her love would live on. She clung to the hope her baby promised.
A week later, Nate started haunting her dreams. Another week passed before his apparition appeared before her in the shower.
Standing under the water, she felt his presence. Her eyes opened, hope dancing through her. His ghost stood out of reach, such a haunted look on his face.
"Nate?"
"I love you, Sav." He faded away.
Everything in the bathroom started to vibrate.
Glass broke.
Voices rose above everything.
She fell to her knees as pain ripped through her abdomen with a rush of magic more powerful than anything she'd ever felt. Blood filled the tub as she lost the one thing worth holding onto. 
Savon strangled back a cry. The bastard came back to town and picked up his friendship with Bran, but never contacted her. Not once. Bran couldn't tell her why, only that Nate was sorry. And sorry wasn't good enough when he shattered her entire world. She'd fallen so deep into depression she barely climbed out of the pit.
She pinned Bran with a scowl. "He tore my heart out and you're still his best friend. I can't thank all the deities enough that he's in New York and nowhere near here. He couldn't even be bothered to say goodbye."
Shoving a big hand through his hair, he sighed. "I tried to tell you, he's sorry. He couldn't come to you. You don't understand."
Understanding wouldn't change a damned thing. He didn't give a shit about her. So why waste her time? Talking about the bastard would only throw open the chest full of memories she wanted to stay buried. It was bad enough her imagination conjured him every chance it had. 
Her lips twisted in a sneer. "Fuck him. Don't give a single fuck about him. I'm done with Nathan Taggert. Asshole can stay in New York, far from here, and I'll be fine." 
She couldn't push down the anger, the agony, all the emotions that rolled in when she gave Nate too much thought. The pictures on the dresser started to rattle and vibrate.
Bran walked over and took her shoulders in his hands. "Hey, relax."
A hysterical laugh escaped. "Easier said than done."
The memory of the bastard haunted her thoughts, her dreams. All these years and she couldn't shake him to save her life. He was so ingrained in her soul she couldn't banish him from her head. And he never made a single effort to come for her.
"Look, I'm around the corner. Call me if you need anything. Even if it's just to talk. You can rage at me about that dirty, filthy bastard all you want." He squeezed her shoulder. "And honest, the picture wasn't there the last time I checked."
She believed him. However, he was hiding something. Unease set in as she searched his face.
"Fine. Get going. I need time to make the space mine." Which meant casting wards and unpacking the things she had in her car when she drove up. Not that there was much, but she wanted to banish any thought of Nate, and her brother couldn't help on that front.
She watched him walk away as an apparition of Nate walked toward her. Crazy as it was, he couldn't be there. He was a top surgeon clear across the country. Agonizing sadness filled his deep brown eyes.
Her mind had aged him. He'd filled out, grown a bit more, and his taste in clothes matured to business appropriate.
A sigh escaped as she reflexively reached out to brush a lock of his dark hair off his face. Tears leaked down her face as she turned away. Seeing him like this wouldn't break her heart so much if he were truly a ghost. But no, he was alive. Bastard chose to forget his proposal and the happy life they were supposed to have.
Her phone rang and she grabbed it. She failed at keeping the exasperation out of her tone. "Yes?"
"I know you'll be too busy to feed yourself properly. So I'm taking you to dinner tonight," Bran announced.
Anxiety crept up. "Seriously, not necessary."
"Yeah, it is. I'll be there at seven. Trust me. You don't want me to cook for you, and that's your other option."
She couldn't help laughing. Bran was sweet. "Is that a threat?"
"A promise. And wear something snazzy. Love ya."
"You too." She hung up and went back to the box.
Chapter 2


By six, Savon had unpacked the boxes she brought from her condo. Her clothes were hung, her art supplies in her old bedroom, and the old furniture had been moved to the garage.
She had on a little black dress, the only dress she had with her. The rest of her clothes were on the truck with the movers.
At least Bran's idea of snazzy was a little better than casual. She didn't get why she bothered, but figured it couldn't hurt to indulge him.
Her heart stopped when Nate's voice pierced her. "Beautiful as always. I love you even now."
Panicked, she spun. His apparition stood in the doorway, watching her with those sad, longing eyes. His vision wore slacks and a button-down shirt with the sleeves rolled up. She couldn't help wondering if he looked like that now.
"Get out of my head," she whispered.
"Forgive me, Sav. I can't resist you. Never could." He faded away. Same fucking words his image uttered a million times over the years.
She managed to apply her lip gloss with trembling hands.
Nate's ghost was driving her mad. And since moving back, he showed up ten times more than usual. One day, she'd slip completely into insanity if she wasn't already there.
Tamping down the unwanted emotions, she slipped on her shoes and hurried down the stairs. Hopefully, the fresh air would clear her head.
She locked her door and inhaled the crisp air. She caught a hint of his scent and whimpered, pressing her hand to her forehead.
Bad idea, Savon. Really bad idea.
His voice carried on the wind. She couldn't catch what he said, but the cadence and tone was right. Her heart beat faster, her breath coming quicker. She turned toward the house he used to live in.
A man's profile stood in the window. His silhouette turned to look at her.
They're going to admit me to the psych ward before the end of the week.
The honk startled the hell out of Savon. Shaking off the nerves, she hurried to climb in next to Bran. It was the first time since their parent's funeral that she'd seen him dress up. Then again, she hadn't seen him much since she'd moved away. She came for the major events, but skipped the holidays.
Thankfully, Nate hadn't made any of those. Asshole didn't care as much as Bran tried to claim. Maybe Nate had always been a selfish jerk and she'd been too blind to see until he disappeared.
Embarrassed, she turned to her brother. "Hey, sorry. Thought I saw the asshole." She let out a strained laugh. "Let's go. I could use a bottle of wine."
Blue altered the colors in his aura for a second, before yellow flowed bright. At least his hope won out. He took her hand. "Sav, we're celebrating our family being back together."
Her brow arched. "That's why you're all dressed up in a suit?" When his smile faltered, she added, "You look great, by the way."
"You too. And I've been told I clean up well." He waggled his brows with a smirk.
Someone in a fancy sports car she probably couldn't pronounce, tore out of Nate's old driveway and sped off.
She snorted. "Who's the asshole in the expensive deathtrap?"
"Some hotshot doctor who moved out here. He's not so bad when you get to know him. Hell, I'm going fishing with him and the guys this weekend."
Her eyes narrowed. "That sounds all too familiar." He would have told her if that prick had moved back, right?
Chuckling, he backed out of the driveway and drove the short distance to town. "Relax, let's enjoy our evening."
Her heart sank. Hopefully her suspicions were wrong. If Nate were back in town she'd move somewhere far away from every-fucking-one. She couldn't cope if the man who broke her heart and haunted her dreams were that close. Dealing with him in her imagination was bad enough.
Then Bran pulled into Giorno's, and she shot him a glare. "Please tell me you're kidding."
"Come on, it was always your favorite."
"Yeah, when I was stupidly in love with your asshole buddy."
Bran rolled his eyes. "You liked it before Nate."
"There was never a before Nate." She blew out a breath. Her earliest memories were of the boy next door.
He took her hand. "Would you please eat dinner with me?" Bran gave her big puppy eyes, which he mastered as a child.
"Damn it," Savon muttered and climbed from the Jeep Cherokee. She glared over the top of the vehicle. "Fine, just swear to me there is no surprise welcome back party, or something equally terrible."
"Come on now." He grinned. "Don't give me any ideas. You know I'm not that bright."
Not true. He was made sheriff of Silvertail Ridge for a reason. He was mistaken for a big lug-head most of the time because he was six foot four and made of solid muscle. But he was voted into the sheriff position before he became a werewolf in a town full of them.
"You love to torment me," Savon challenged. "If it weren't for you I would have never moved back here." She was damned near positive living in this town would break her.
Bran blinked, a coy smile on his face. "What can I say? I miss my little sister."
"And I missed you," she admitted before stepping inside.
A cheerful and familiar blonde greeted Savon at the hostess counter. Francine was round with another baby and so happy a thread of guilt threatened to choke Savon.
"Oh my God, Savon! You look amazing. I've missed you so much." Fran bounced around and enveloped her in a hug.
Savon patted her back and felt like hell. It had been far too long since she'd talked to one of her closest friends from childhood. The last time was at her parents' funeral three years before. As always, she had told Savon to call, but she never did.
"Wow, Francine, we need to catch up. Maybe now that I'm here for good, we'll be able to." She offered a smile.
"Oh, I plan to drop in soon." Francine winked.
Unsure how to feel about that, Savon nodded. "What are you doing here?"
Her eyes sparkled. "I hostess on the weekends, while Joe is home with the kids."
"Wow." Savon almost asked how many, only that was something she should know, but couldn't remember.
Bran saved her with a gentle prodding, "Hey, Fran, mind getting us a table?"
Grinning, she banded an arm around Savon's waist and guided them back to the table she'd shared with Nate far too many times to count.
Savon held back the sigh and gave Fran a squeeze. "Thank you. I promise not to be such a stranger." Unless she decided to skip town. Escaping was a tempting prospect, but she didn't want to run anymore. 
Fran squeezed her shoulder. "I'll see you soon." She stepped away.
Bran slipped into the booth. Savon turned to the table and froze as she locked gazes with Nate. Not just a memory, but Nate in the flesh. Her imagination had been dead-on. 
A hurricane of emotions threatened to blow Savon over.
"Good evening, Savon. It's my pleasure to see you again." His voice had deepened but held the same warm, inviting quality as before.
Her stomach turned as she shot Bran a glare. "Certainly not mine."
Francine nudged her with a scowl at Bran. "He didn't tell me you didn't know."
"Not your fault," Savon managed calmly.
Bran grabbed her wrist and dragged her into the seat. "Give us a few. Please, Fran?"
She dipped her head, walking away.
Savon closed her eyes and tried to rein in the anger. After a few seconds, she directed her attention to Nate. "What the hell are you doing here?" 
How about, when the hell did you become a werewolf? Feral energy poured off him, just like her brother.  
Her heart pounded harder. The air grew thinner.
He smiled, his dimple making an appearance. "Silvertail General Hospital needed a new surgeon. I moved back about three months ago."
Her gaze cut to her brother. "Seriously? The moment you started begging me to move back to this god-forsaken town?"
Bran sighed and nodded across the table. "You know Nate, Savon. This is the beautiful Evangeline."
Savon was so shocked to see Nate she hadn't noticed the stunning golden-blond beauty with crystal green eyes. Evangeline wrinkled her nose at Savon.
Savon snorted.
"Evangeline, this is my darling sister, Savon," Bran finished.
A snarl left Evangeline's lips. "I've heard so much about you leaving Nate behind in his time of need. I'm not sure why he thinks it's a pleasure to see you again." The French accent made her sound even bitchier.
Savon glared back at her. "Excuse me? He disappeared for months. What was I supposed to do? Wait forever? I had a full scholarship to art school. We all thought he was dead. His father"-she glared at Nate-"wouldn't tell me otherwise. How the fuck was I in the wrong?"
She laughed harshly. "There was no proof Nathan was dead. You gave up hope after you agreed to marry him."
"Wait, you proposed?" Bran growled at Nate.
Savon ignored him and sneered at Evangeline. "You weren't there, and you have no idea how broken I was when I realized he wasn't coming back. No, he waited a full month after I left to come back to town and never once bothered to call me. All Bran would say was that he wasn't coming to me. Then Nate went far away to grad school without ever attempting to make contact. At that point, he tore out my damned heart and decimated my whole existence. His reasons didn't matter if I wasn't important enough to even call. So, fuck off."
"You want to play, little girl?" Evangeline taunted.
Savon spun toward Bran. "How could you do this to me? What gave you any inclination this would work in any way, shape, or form?"
"Savon, you never gave him a chance. You wouldn't listen when I tried to tell you what happened."
"Nope, you told me he couldn't come. I shut down because that was the only way to survive. So, fuck you, Bran. I can't deal with this shit." She hurried to the bathroom and locked the door, hoping to God she could escape it all.

* * * *

Evangeline moved to climb out of the booth.
Nate blocked her. "Oh, no. I'm not moving. You will not make the situation worse than you already have."
"She's not even sorry you were in a coma," she hissed.
"I told you to stay out of this. She doesn't know what happened to me. She's less than willing to listen."
"You've been in contact with her this whole time."
He sighed, dropping his head. "Not in a way she understands. She doesn't know I've been in her dreams. She thinks it's all in her head."
Her eyes narrowed to slits. "Okay, she's right. You are an asshole. Why wouldn't you tell her? I'm sure she thinks she's crazy."
He sighed. "I've tried explaining a million times. She won't listen. And if my father ever suspected I went to her, called, or made some physical effort to see her, he would have slaughtered her. So yeah, I spend all night chasing her through her dreams, hoping she'll finally listen to me."
"You what?" Bran demanded. "And when the fuck did you propose to her? No wonder she's pissed you never called!"
Nate growled, a command rumbling through his chest. "Bran, don't start with me. She hasn't made this easy."
"You could have written a letter. I would have taken it to her. Shit, you could have told me what I needed to say to her."
Nate rubbed at his chest. "By then she was too angry to listen, and it's my damned fault. If I had listened to her and waited on the ring, I wouldn't have been in the accident in the first place."
"That's where you went? To get a ring?"
He nodded. Nate had it all figured out, or so he thought.
When he first got home after finals, he tossed his stuff in his room and hurried down the stairs to find Savon. 
His father stopped him before he made the bottom step. "Don't go to Savon. It's only going to make things harder when you become a werewolf."
"Not going to be a werewolf," Nate insisted. They'd had this same argument a hundred times since he'd started college. There was no way in hell he would let his father change him. And if it wasn't for Savon, he would never come home.
"You will. Whether you like it or not, you will take my place in this pack. You will be the Alpha. It's best if you accept it now."
Nate glared at his father. "No chance in hell," he snarled. "There is only one thing that can make me happy, and that's Savon. I'll choose her every single time." Nate shoved past his father and ran down the trail, knowing he'd find Savon under their willow. 
On the way there, he figured out the answer. If she said yes, they'd run away, get married, and he could switch grad schools to be close to her art school. He didn't give a damn where he went as long as Savon was by his side.
"Thought if we ran away and got married, Dad would leave me alone. And then it all went to shit anyway." He sighed and ran his fingers through his hair. "How do I make this right?"
A snort escaped as Bran shook his head. "Makes sense when you put it like that. Still, you hurt her. You've got a lot of ground to make up. You're going to have to grovel."
"I need to do a lot more than grovel. I don't expect this to be easy." Leaning back, he stared off in the direction of the bathroom.
"You really didn't tell her you were stalking her in her dreams?" Evangeline demanded.
"What was I supposed to say? She waited over a month, and I couldn't reach her in her dreams at that point. Not until after she finally left. By then I broke any trust we ever had."
Evangeline touched his shoulder. "Let me talk to her. I can start fresh, if she'll listen."
"Yeah, good luck with that," Bran huffed. "She's stubborn like you've never encountered.
"Please, I have a couple centuries on you. I'm sure I've encountered worse."
"You don't know Sav," Nate said. "Go ahead and talk to her. You can't do worse than you already have."
Nate slipped out of the booth, and Evangeline walked past.
"If she does anything to Savon, I'll kill her. I don't care if she's like a sister, or you fancy yourself her mate-to-be."
Bran leaned back with a sigh. "Sooner or later, Evangeline is going to realize what she's missing. Maybe once you're finally settled and mated to my sister."
"I don't know, Bran. I may be too late."
"She'll come around. But you should have told me you proposed to her."
Nate scrubbed a hand over his face. "I probably should have. I need to make this right."
"You'll find a way. You always do."
Chapter 3


Savon should have known her brother had set something up.
But no, she wanted to believe it was all in her head, her imagination playing tricks on her. Not the asshole sneaking in to rip her open all over again.
Leaning over the sink, she cranked the water on, hoping everyone would think she was busy. She needed an escape. Anything to get away from Nate.
The door opened.
"I locked that for a reason," Savon bit out.
"Savon, I apologize for my attitude. Nathan is a close friend and has been for years. Bran never mentioned you didn't know the whole story."
"Try none of the story." She shut off the water and faced Evangeline. God, she was beautiful. Her imagination provided images of Evangeline's long legs wrapped around Nate's hips. 
She attempted to push down the jealousy boiling. Twelve years, no contact, she had no reason to be jealous. He wasn't hers anymore. Besides, Savon didn't need the spirits to overreact with her unchecked emotions.
Evangeline spoke with her classy and sexy accent. "He was in a coma for two months. He was locked down by his father for several more weeks to make sure he adapted to life as a werewolf. Killian turned Nate, hoping our accelerated healing would provide a solution to the coma. When that didn't work, he called me to help Nate find his way back. Nathan had every reason not to come to you. He woke up screaming your name, and Killian promised to gut you if he ever went after you."
Pain rolled through Savon. "Killian hated me. He refused to even tell me Nate was alive. And when Nate finally did come back to town, Bran only said Nate couldn't come to me. Nothing else. Killian may have kept him from me initially, but if he loved me, he could have found a way. You don't have any idea what I went through. Nate had twelve years to call and say he was sorry, to explain, to give me a reason why he broke my fucking heart. He never bothered. That's all on Nate."
Evangeline's head tipped, her mouth quirking. "He tried in his own way. How can you not know?"
A tiny thread of curiosity wound through her, but anger washed away everything. "If you're so interested, why don't you comfort him?" Savon slipped past Evangeline and ducked out the back door.
Going back to the table would only result in a fight. She didn't have words for Bran. And an apology from Nate was so far overdue it couldn't change things now. And having him in front of her tore her open all over again.
She wanted to fall into those chocolate eyes and let him wrap his arms around her, take away all the mess in her head. Since he'd disappeared, he'd only brought chaos, and she needed balance.
Savon made it three blocks down the road before someone caught her arm, sending tingles dancing along her nerves. She was spun toward Nate, who looked like someone punched him in the gut.
"Sav, there are so many things I want to say and I don't know where to begin."
"Don't bother. You moved on, became a surgeon. There's nothing left to say."
"You're wrong. I never moved past you. You were always standing in my way."
She flinched before anger flowed. "Oh, fuck off, Nate. You never tried to find me after your coma."
"You don't know the whole story."
"Too late for that. I don't care." She pulled away, taking two steps back.
He dropped his hand but stared into her eyes, pleading. "At least let me give you a ride."
"No. Go back to Bran and Evangeline."
"We need to talk."
Her eyes slid closed. The streetlamps flickered on and off. It was too early and light out for them to be on. The spirits were latching onto her emotions, acting up.
She strangled back a frustrated cry. "Maybe later, when this doesn't hurt so damned bad, I'll be able to listen, but right now?" She didn't finish that statement. He didn't deserve a chance and she needed to remember that.
Turning, she continued on her way.
"Later then," Nate promised. "Be careful. There are dangerous people in Silvertail Ridge."
Savon tossed him the bird and kept going, wishing she had the strength to hear him out. Nope, she didn't. A few more of the right words and she might shatter.
Besides, she knew what lurked in town. Werewolves, witches, and other casters. All of which she knew how to handle.
A new sign caught her attention. Fang'n'Claw. The bar hadn't been there when she left town. Considering Silvertail held the second largest werewolf pack in the Pacific Northwest, she had to assume one owned the bar. Perhaps a new one.
In need of a drink, she moved through the room, taking in the wild energy. Mostly werewolves and a few casters sprinkled throughout, but the spirits were feistier inside the building.
A gorgeous statue of a man tended the bar in a white tank top that molded to one impressive chest. His sun-kissed hair was tied back in a ponytail. Scruff adorned his chiseled face. Brilliant blue eyes latched onto hers as a devilish smile pulled at his full mouth.
Talk about a gorgeous distraction.
"Haven't seen your stunning self around here. I'm assuming you're Savon Roantree, the sheriff's sister. Now, there's a wager that needs satisfying. Are you still hung up on some douchebag doctor?" His voice was low, deep, and rolled with an Australian accent.
Licking her lips, Savon leaned forward. "Oh, I was over him long before he became a doctor."
He nodded slowly, one corner of that full mouth quirking. "Good to hear. One more question. You here on your brother's behalf, looking for trouble?"
"Oh, I'd rather be starting trouble than scouting it."
Brilliant red desire swirled through the orange of curiosity as his gaze traveled down her dress and caught on her cleavage. He held out a hand. "I'm Jay Walker."
"Hello, Jay."
"What are you drinking, gorgeous?"
She scanned the shelf and tipped her head. "Chase."
"Vodka. Ice?"
"Straight."
Grinning, he whipped out a tall glass and started pouring. "You look like you could use a bit more."
"That's what happens when you come face to face with a ghost. I was starting to think moving back here was a really bad idea." Taking the glass, she leaned forward and took a long sip while watching Jay. "Not so much now."
He leaned closer. "Moved today, didn't you?"
Fuck, that accent was sexy.
"Mmm, which means I shouldn't stay long. The movers are coming bright and early to unload all my stuff." She motioned around the place. "Now which one told you about me?"
He nodded down the bar. Three guys from high school stared her way. The jock-cocks. Name a sport, and they played it. They taught her to ignore most of the assholes and they'd lose interest.
They couldn't stare hard enough now.
"You can tell John, Tommy, and Brad that karma's a bitch."
One golden brow arched. "Oh, I really like you."
Savon laughed and drank the rest down. "You new in town?"
"Moved in five years ago. Built the bar. Stirred up a little trouble." He filled her glass.
"My kind of guy." She took another swig.
"Your brother doesn't like me much."
She shrugged. "He landed himself on my shit list tonight."
"Why is that?"
After another long drink, she blew out a breath. "Seems he has an ulterior motive to want me back in town."
"What happened?"
"Ran into the asshole doctor." Leaning back, she gulped the rest of the glass down.
He moved to fill it, and she covered the glass with a raised brow. "No?" Jay asked.
"Tempting, but I'm not a morning person and I expect the movers at seven. Last thing I need is a hangover." Not to mention, she was a lightweight and the buzz had already set in, making auras burn brighter. Too much more and the spirits she could usually only hear would start to appear. Not a ghost, but an entity caught between realms. Most didn't look anything like humans. Spirits were generally benign, sometimes good. The evil version were typically called demons. They all spoke to her, sometimes even helped. She'd learned to be careful which she listened to.
"Then come back tomorrow night," he purred.
"You got it. Now, how much do I owe you?"
"Nothing," he answered as Savon stood. He took her hand. "It's been a pleasure. Sweet dreams, gorgeous." He placed a kiss on her knuckles, and she laid down a twenty.
"Good night, Jay." She started for the door.
Halfway there a hand wrapped around her waist as he pulled her back against his chest. His lips brushed the spot below her ear, his breath fanning the sensitized skin. "I mean it, Savon. I don't want a dime." He pushed the bill into her purse and caught the lobe of her ear between his teeth. "Just come back tomorrow night."
Desire pulsed through her, and she was tempted to play with fire. Maybe if she hadn't been burned too recently. Still, she couldn't completely resist.
"I'll be here," she promised, then pulled away, walking through the door without looking back.
The streetlights blurred and stretched, colors seeped off the rooftops, as she made her way down the street. It had been a long time since she'd drunk that much away from home. Inebriation always released her hold on her Other senses. She preferred to be alone when her powers came out that strong.
"Someone's coming," a friendly spirit whispered. This one had been with her since childhood. Oftentimes, she offered energy when she needed a boost in power. Other times, she was an extra set of eyes.
The glow of deep orange brown wafted in front of her. Savon smirked. A threat loomed from the man behind her. "Hmm, another wolf. This one's mean." She spun around and shot a pulse of energy at a man who was easily twice her size.
A growl erupted from the beast as he landed on his ass.
"Word of warning," Savon calmly stated, "don't keep following me. I'll do a lot worse than put you on your back." She sent another pulse of energy, this one knocking him end over end before she turned and swayed onto her street.
Warmth washed over Savon as someone's eyes caressed over every inch of her body while she walked to the door.
Nate.
His nearness made her skin tingle with anticipation. She wanted to turn, to confront him, but she pushed on, digging around in her tiny purse to find her keys. Then she tried to open the door.
Her fingers fumbled. The keys fell.
They didn't hit the ground as someone caught them. She spun to find Nate inches away. So many emotions played over his regal features. Her heart thumped harder as she reached out with her senses, trying to discern what he wanted, or what he felt.
Dancing colors surrounded him, too many to read his aura.
His hand landed on the door behind her as he leaned closer, running his nose millimeters from the column of her throat. The heat of his body provided a sensual tease.
Red burst through his aura. "Mmm, you smell of magic, arousal, and alcohol." His breath danced over her ear and she held back the whimper.
"Why do you care?" she whispered in a harsh tone.
"Never stopped caring."
"You're full of shit," she hissed.
Pushing back, he searched her face. He breathed in, his nose wrinkling. The agony in those brown eyes twisted a knife through her. "Where were you?" His voice cracked.
She let out a frustrated huff. "None of your damned business."
"Sav, you don't understand. The pack is shifting without a leader. It's dangerous right now. You have no idea what the worst of them would do to you."
Her eyes closed as she leaned back against the door. "The most terrifying werewolves don't scare me. You don't understand what I am, what I'm capable of. I'm not afraid of a few stray dogs-or you."
"Never want to scare you. Never wanted to hurt you."
A cry escaped. "You broke me, Nate. You shattered every last bit of me."
His fingers drifted across her cheek, into her hair as he pulled her face up. "Look at me, Sav." His voice vibrated with a low growl.
Savon got her eyes opened and stared up into molten chocolate orbs ringed in bronze. "What?"
"Did he drug you?"
She blinked. "Who?"
"Jay. I smell traces of him on you."
"I had a couple drinks. Needed to get you out of my head." Sighing, she reached for her keys. 
He moved them away while closing the distance. Heat radiated from his body, making her far too cozy. She wanted to press tight, rub her face against his neck, breathe in his scent.
He leaned down to whisper against her ear. "I worried when you didn't come straight home. Jay is trouble. I need you safe."
A bitter laugh escaped. "Jealous another man wants me?"
"Yes," he growled, his hands curling around her sides, millimeters below her breasts. "I need you to listen to me. I tried a million times to tell you what happened, and you always ran from me."
A short laugh burst free. "You never came to me."
"Not in person, but I was still there, in your head. You always run, just like you want to now." His voice was a purr that washed over her.
"Damn you, Nate. You're so full of shit." She slammed her hands against his chest.
He caught her wrists, dragging them over her head as he pinned her against the door.
"I reach out to you every single night, Savon. I can't stop myself. The pull is too damned strong. And having you here, in the flesh," he groaned, his lips pressing below her ear.
Her breath caught. "Nate," she gasped.
One hand dragged down her arm and along her neck, his other fingers delving into her hair. "Have to find a way to right this." His mouth closed over hers, his tongue sliding into her mouth, teasing her senses.
The other colors melted away, leaving the red of passion and blue of sadness to fuse into purple as he stole her breath. His other hand caressed down, over the side of her breast.
Her hands dropped to his hair, her fingers combing through the silken mess.
He kissed down her throat, and she forgot everything but the feel of his touch. His mouth closed over the fabric of her dress, finding her tight peak.
Reality snapped back and she shoved at him. "No, get away from me!" she screamed.
He stumbled backward, falling on his ass at the other end of the porch. "Shit, I'm sorry, Savon. Damn it, I'm sorry. I needed to make sure you were all right and I got carried away."
She slid down the door, dropping her head into her hands. "I can't do this." Her heart splintered, pain throbbing through her.
"You don't know what you feel for me, do you?" His voice broke several times getting the question out.
"No. Every time I close my eyes, you're there, taunting me, chasing me, driving me fucking crazy." She pushed her way up the door.
Nate moved closer, holding out her keys. "I'm sorry. I'll make this right."
Snatching them from his hand, she spun and tried to jam the key into the lock. She dropped them again with a curse.
He caught them, placing one hand on the door in front of her, caging her in. The other slid the key in and turned. "Let me help tonight."
A sniffle escaped as she started for her room. "Go to hell," she whispered.
She tripped on the second stair, and he scooped her into his arms. His warmth enveloped her, his scent comforting her. She gave in to the exhaustion that came with too much alcohol.
Chapter 4


The pain in Savon's hazel eyes nearly tore him in half. Shit, Nate wanted to go to her but that would have cost her life. Twelve long years ago, his father tore apart any chance to have Savon with one threat.
He could still see the rage in Dad's eyes when Nate told him he needed to find Savon. Shit, he'd never been so scared in his life.
Nate bolted upright, finally waking up from the coma.
Savon, he'd seen her with his own eyes, in the shower. Her hands covering her stomach, a smile on her lips. She saw him and the color drained from her face before he woke up, his consciousness slammed firmly back in his body.
"Savon!" he cried out.
His father leaned down, hatred in his deep brown eyes. "You seek her out, and I will tear her apart and gnaw on her bones. I'll make sure she doesn't live through the shift. No more Sylvan Fae will be turned. You will not fall victim to the little bitch."
"I'm going to marry her."
His laugh was cruel. "No, you won't. I will go to her in my half-beast form and rip her open, pull out every organ, feeding on her heart and ribs. You will not touch her again, you will not go to her. If you love her, you will let her go, or you sign her death warrant.
Nate seethed, "She's my whole world."
"No, you're a werewolf now. And a werewolf in my pack will never take a Sylvan Fae for a mate."
"Not a fucking werewolf," Nate growled, anger vibrating down his spine as his body started to shift.
An evil smile spread on his father's face. "Yes, you are. I had to change you to save your life when your bitch of a mother ran you off the road. You've been in a coma for two months, Nathan. I thought I'd lost you."
"No. Not a wolf!" Nate screamed even as his body shifted to something caught between man and wolf.
"Get used to it. You can't have Savon now. Her kind do nothing but destroy wereanimals. She won't want a monster."
"I don't care. I love her. She's everything."
"Remember, go to her, even call her, and I will destroy her while you watch."
He looked down at his hands, the monstrous claws. He hadn't shifted to full wolf. No, he managed to shift to half-man which wasn't supposed to happen the first shift if it ever happened at all.
Shaking off the memory, he focused on the present. With his father dead and gone he finally had a chance to prove he'd never stopped loving Savon. Thanks to Bran, who somehow convinced her to move back. Nate had every intention of telling her everything, in person. If she'd finally listen. Chasing her in dreams sure as hell hadn't worked.
Savon had always been a magnet for trouble. Back less than a day and she had already gained attention from Nate's biggest problem.
Then again, he came back after he had his own run-in with trouble three months prior. Someone from the Dark Templar attacked him, trying to pry information about something he called the Wolfssengen Pendant.
First, the Wolfssengen Pendant was something he'd only heard his father mention twice in hushed tones when he thought Nate wasn't there. He had no clue what it was supposed to do or where it was.
Second, the dark mage was part of the Silver Council, which would have been bad enough, but this one claimed to be a Dark Templar. The Council policed Others and protected all of them from humans learning about magic and monsters. The Dark Templar could be considered a dark ops branch that the Council claimed didn't exist. Everyone believed they did. And the mage had definitely been dark, meaning he lived off the magic that resided in Others, draining them to empower themselves.
Third, the New York Alpha exiled Nate because he didn't want to endanger the pack.
Nate came home to get answers only his father could provide. Then he planned to challenge his father and go after Savon.
Before he got a chance, Jay challenged Killian Taggert and killed his father. Something strange happened-a lot of strange things actually.
Killian never shifted back to human, though his wolf was certainly dead.
Jay didn't become Alpha.
The pack hung in a sort of limbo with no Alpha present.
Nothing made a damned bit of sense.
And if Jay hurt Savon in any way, shape, or form, Nate would dismantle him and put him back together in such a way he'd live in pain for the rest of his life. He had the knowledge to do it, and with the way werewolves healed, he could cause some serious damage.
The cell phone buzzed again, but Savon stumbled on her stairs, and he stepped inside, scooped her into his arms, and carried her to the master bedroom. Her arms wrapped around his neck and she snuggled closer.
His heart expanded as he pressed a kiss to her temple. Her scent enveloped him. Lilacs and roses. Every instinct pushed him to claim her, but he pushed that down. Instead, he planned to take care of her, earn her trust.
Nate had watched her blast Clay for trying to sneak up on her. He wouldn't have blamed her for doing the same when he pushed too far.
Shit, he'd been an asshole, and he deserved worse for a million reasons. Bran and Evangeline were right. He should have found a way to tell her outside of dreams. A way she could understand and not think she was batshit crazy.
At least some part of her still trusted him. As mad as Savon was, she curled into his embrace.
Somehow, he would mend what he broke the day of the accident. He never meant to stay away from her, but he was unable to break free of his mind for so damned long he thought he'd never resurface.
Nate laid her down, but her hand twisted in his shirt, holding on. He joined her on the bed, holding her to his chest. She murmured, pressing her whole body against his.
Shit, he was hard, and he had to ignore his dick. Drunk, and not fully aware, there was no way he'd do more than hold her. The moment he was inside her, she'd be his forever. The one thing he wanted, but she needed to make that choice. He wouldn't force it. He'd already done enough damage with the way he followed her through dreams.
Savon rolled against him, pressing her face against his chest. Her breathing evened out as she slipped deeper into sleep.
Among all the other things she felt, some part of her knew what he was to her. She would see it, eventually-she had to.
His love had never wavered, never died, even when he thought he would never have her in his arms again.
A tear fell. There was hope.
His damned phone started to buzz again. He pressed one more kiss to her head before climbing from the bed and taking those sexy as sin stilettos from her feet. Then he grabbed the quilt off the chair and covered her.
Nate stepped out of her room and shut the door silently. His phone read Bran. He let out a quiet growl and pressed talk. "What?"
"I saw you mauling my sister on the porch. I heard she may be drunk. If I find out you forced yourself on her, I'm going to kill you. I don't care if you may be my Alpha soon, or she's your mate, or the fact you're my closest friend. You hurt her, and you're a dead man."
Nate drew in a breath and let it out. "Didn't maul her, and the moment she told me to stop, I did. Shit, things got out of hand, but I just put her to bed. I'm going to leave Advil and some water on the nightstand with a note. I'll be in my own home, alone, in ten minutes, tops."
"Good."
"Why the hell didn't you tell her I moved back?"
"I'm a fucking idiot. I hoped she'd see you and realize she's so pissed because she's still in love with you. I should have known she'd only make a stand."
Nate sighed. "You said you were going to tell her."
"She found your picture in the hallway and lost her shit. By the way, asshole, did you put that there?"
He balked, "I haven't been in this house since the day I went into the coma."
"Hmm, wonder if Evangeline is fucking with things." Bran sighed. "I told her not to interfere."
"She wants to test Savon. You and I both know how that's going to go."
Bran half-laughed. "Yeah, Evangeline will learn. Look, I need to find a pen and paper and some Advil before I leave. I don't want her to be hungover when we show up to help in the morning."
"You're going to have to grovel at her feet for a while. Got years to make up for. I told your dumb ass to go to her."
"You were right. But you know Dad would have killed her just to keep me from her."
Bran snorted. "Which is why this is so fucked up. She's still pissed. I don't think she ever truly dealt with the fallout of your disappearance."
"Clearly. She wouldn't listen to you when you mentioned my name. Doesn't want to listen to me now."
"She will. Eventually."
"Hope so," Nate answered.
"I want you two to be happy, and I have a feeling that's never going to happen until the two of you are together again."
"Hope you're right about her coming around. Her head is a damned mess-thanks to me." He never imagined she'd think she was crazy for seeing him. Staying away hadn't been an option, though.
"Well, help her straighten it out. You need to come clean about her dreams. And you need to do it soon," Bran warned. "If you don't, I will, and you know I'll muddle it up."
"Yeah, I'm trying. She doesn't get it yet. But right now she needs to sleep off the alcohol. She drank too much too damned fast and she's out cold."
"That's my fault. See you tomorrow." The line went dead.
Nate stepped outside. Something was off. He scented another wolf and walked around the house. He stashed his clothes and shoes under a chair and shifted to full wolf, settling down on the porch to watch.
Another shifted wolf crept closer, made eye contact, then took off.
Change of plans. He'd stay on the porch to protect Savon from whoever was lurking in the woods.

* * * *

Falling through darkness.
Tumbling through nothingness.
Savon opened her eyes to the sound of an orchestra playing far below. Her senses were in total vertigo as she collided with the floor in a sea of colorful gowns and suits. Beautifully painted masks adorned each face.
Slowly, she stood up and looked down at the elaborate black lace gown and corset that threatened to steal her breath. No mask on her face. Alone, amid a crowd.
"Savon, please, Savon," Nate cried.
She spun and found him across the room with tears in his eyes. He started to make his way through the dancing couples twirling around at a brisk pace.
Anger hit her, followed by the need to let him catch her, to let him explain. Everything felt so real, even surrounded by her imagination. Then she felt something else close, watching her, ready to pounce.
Not just a wolf. Something more. She'd felt it in the bar.
The need to run won out. She dropped to her knees and crawled through the tangle of people, through the doors, onto the balcony. She ran down the stairs, into the garden below. Rose bushes filled the property, the vines twisting up statues reaching for the light, trying to get away from the shadowy ground.
"Savon, wait!" Nate shouted. "Please!"
She collided with a statue that resembled Killian. The roses grew away from him, not touching the cold stone.
Nate's voice grew closer. "He promised to kill you if I ever came for you."
Spinning, she came face to face with Nate. The scents of forest, sandalwood, and musk surrounded her. "What?" she whispered.
"I woke up from a coma screaming your name. My father swore he'd tear you apart to keep me from you." Nate reached for her.
She backed away. "Doesn't matter now. You destroyed me. I'll never be whole again."
"I know, and I hate myself for it. I never meant to leave you like that. I would do anything to go back and stay. If I hadn't gotten in that car, I would still be with you."
"You can't fix what you took from me. We can't go back." Tears fell down her face. She turned and ran.
"Be careful, Savon. Whatever you do, don't trust Jay. He'll only hurt you." His words echoed after her.
Snarling and snipping yanked her out of sleep. She sat up, her head pounding. She pushed forward, going to the window. Two massive wolves ran into the woods.
"Shit," she whispered before sinking back onto the bed. A note lay on her nightstand with a glass of water and Advil.
A slow smile spread on her face as she took the Advil and drank down the water. She picked up the paper and his scent rolled over her. Being curled in his arms had felt good. What little she remembered.
The note read,

Savon,
Sorry about last night. You're going to have one hell of a hangover. This should help.
And I know you're still mad, but I need to tell you a few things. Even if I never touch you again.
I hope you're having sweet dreams.
Nate

Her heart was twisted two ways. Stay away from Nate, or let him back in. She feared if he did make it through her walls, she would fall apart all over again.
A glance at the clock proved it wasn't worth going back to bed.
Time for a shower then.
The movers would be there before long, and she needed coffee before that happened.
Chapter 5


Nate watched her run away once again. Then a snarl pulled him out of the dream. He shot to all four feet and stepped onto the lawn.
Clay Weston in wolf-form. Same asshole who attempted to follow her the night before. Nate stalked forward, his lip curled.
Nate growled a warning. When Clay advanced, Nate lunged, catching Clay's front leg in his jaws and biting down to tear muscle.
Asshole snapped his teeth at Nate, who moved to the side faster. He slammed his paw across Clay's muzzle.
A whine escaped as Clay turned and bolted across the yard and into the forest.
Nate went back to the porch as he shifted back. He yanked on his clothes and slammed his feet into his shoes, then ran for Bran's house around the corner.
He pounded on the door and kept going until feet thundered down the hall.
The door was thrown open. Bran growled, "Why the fuck are you waking me up an hour before I have to be over there? And why the fuck are you wearing last night's clothes?"
"Slept on her porch in wolf form." Nate pushed him back and stepped into his home. "Guess who I chased off Savon's property a few minutes ago."
"Jay's not that damned stupid," Bran pointed out.
"Don't know about that. He touched Savon in the bar," Nate snapped. "But no, it wasn't him."
Bran's brow pinched. "Who was in the back yard?"
"Clay Weston. Bastard was stalking around her place like he was scoping out the home."
"What the hell do you think someone will do?" Bran demanded.
"Fuck if I know, but Jay is chasing her. And I'm sure he'll try to get in my way."
Bran snorted. "How do you know he's not just hot for her body?"
"Oh, I'm sure that's part of it. Your sister has always been beautiful. And now, shit?if I do anything stupid, you're going to have to put me in my place."
Bran took a step forward. "You bet your ass I will. Now, what do you think Jay is up to?"
"He wants the Alpha role. We need to figure out why the hell he didn't take it, find a way to replace the Alpha."
Shaking his head, Bran put his hands up. "You need to step up. And don't argue. You're a hell of a lot smarter than the rest of us, and you could lead us. We need someone who cares about the town and the people in it. Jay's a fucking bastard. He doesn't give a shit about what happens to anyone, except himself."
"I came back with every intention of killing my father. Jay got there first. And since I never wanted to be a wolf in the first damned place, I was happy to let Jay have the role. I don't want to be the same raging asshole my father was, and force wolves into submission, shoving my will down their throats." He pushed his fingers through his hair. "I don't want to be the dictator he was."
"Then don't be. Just because he was a bastard doesn't mean you need to lead the same way. The wolves will respect you. Maybe not all of them immediately, but they can learn. Trust me, Nate, you're the best man for the job."
Nate walked away. "All I ever wanted was to be the man Savon loves."
Bran let out a huff and dropped into the seat. "You realize there was a reason your father hated her. Why he hated my mother."
Nate's head twisted as he winced. "Yeah, because she's Sylvan, and when your mother walked away from him, he decided he hated all of them."
"Except me," Bran muttered. Nate's father was Bran's. Savon and Bran shared a mother, but not a father. And when some bastard shot Bran to get out of town, Killian changed him, refusing to lose another son.
"At least he saved you," Nate offered. Bran hadn't learned about Nate being his half-brother until after he healed the bullet wound that should have killed him. Then he went to Nate to get some clarity.
"He saved you too," Bran pointed out.
"Fuck that. He ruined what I had with Savon. He broke her heart. And I still don't know how to mend the shattered pieces."
"Show her the man you've become."
"She doesn't want to let me in."
Bran slammed his hand on the table. "Show her anyway."
"And if she doesn't want that anymore?"
"Think you'd be surprised. Especially if you take Jay down before he has a chance to hurt her. Sooner or later, she'll remember why she fell in love with you. Right now, she's running scared. And I know there's more to why, but she's never told me."
"What if she just hates me?"
"Shit, she may think she hates you, but I know she doesn't. Now, go home, shower. I'll meet you at your house before we go to hers to help with the movers."
"Good plan."

* * * *

Downstairs in a pair of sweats, a tank top, and her comfiest sweater, Savon sipped on her coffee. Other than her best paints and brushes, she brought her coffee maker, her favorite toys, and some clothes. The rest was in the mover's truck.
A knock echoed.
Frowning, she crossed the living room and opened the door a crack. Bran's smiling face greeted her. "Figured you could use a few strong men." He shoved the door open and walked in, followed by Nate, Chris, and Joe.
All of Bran's buddies.
Joe enveloped her in a hug. "Hey, Frannie says she's sorry she didn't get a chance to talk to you last night. She blames these two knobs-for-brains."
Savon gave him a tight smile. "I wasn't expecting Nate. A warning might have been nice." She shot Bran a glare. "I could have avoided the whole scene."
"You mean he hasn't talked to you yet?" Chris asked.
Savon's brow arched as she turned his way. "About what?"
"Never mind that," Bran stated. "You two need some privacy for that discussion."
She wanted to slap her brother, then shake the answers out of Chris. Though, Nate did tuck her in, which was sweet. Maybe listening to what he had to say would give her some closure and make it possible to shut him out completely.
"Man, you look good, Sav." Joe winked and brought a basket to the counter. "We all missed you."
She couldn't be mad. It was too easy to fall into old times. Laughing, she teased, "I'm sure you missed having someone to pick on."
Only real difference besides their age, all four of them were werewolves now. That shouldn't have come as a surprise. More than two hundred werewolves lived in Silvertail Ridge.
"Hey, we brought breakfast," Chris said, lifting a picnic basket. The aroma of bacon and sausage wafted from within. "Frannie's famous breakfast burritos."
"You guys didn't need to do this," Savon offered, though she smiled at the gesture.
Bran shrugged. "No, but I needed to make up for my idiotic move last night. And all of us wanted to give you a hand. Nate especially."
Nodding, she took plates and mugs down. "Movers should be here in an hour. Give or take. Get some coffee, catch me up on everything."
Nate closed the distance, stopping inches behind her. She looked back, their gazes locked. Her heart stopped.
His voice was so low she almost didn't hear. "Sav, can we talk once everyone leaves?"
The blues of sadness and regret sweeping through his aura broke her down. "Yeah, for a few."
His head dipped slowly, silently pleading for more.
She couldn't give him promises. The profound sadness in the warm chocolate depths threatened to wash away every last one of her defenses.
Bran nudged her shoulder. "Eat up. Frannie made your favorite."
"I'm amazed she remembers," Savon answered, turning back to the rest of the guys.
She hopped onto the counter and took the burrito handed to her. They filled her in on their old friends and acquaintances without delving into werewolf stuff or magic anything. Still a secretive bunch.
Or maybe she needed to pay more attention. One problem. Her mind kept drifting back to the dream. To all the dreams. Something she couldn't quite reach, but knew she needed to.
Savon finished her burrito in time for the doorbell to chime. She hopped off the counter, placed her plate in the sink, and walked to the door.
Three movers stood on the porch. Four men walked up the path.
Jay's lips curved into a predatory smile. "Good morning, gorgeous. We thought we could lend a hand."
"Sure, the more the merrier." Savon didn't look back. The tension in the room climbed as shades of orange of distrust and deep crimson of anger floated back and forth.
Did they all hate Jay?
Bran huffed. "We have it covered."
Brad, the old quarterback who used to make fun of her nonstop gave her a sheepish smile. "We all want to welcome Savon back. We were assholes back in school. Now we want to show her how much we've changed."
"Good luck with that," Joe muttered.
The first mover offered a smile. "Can we get this going? It's a long drive back."
"Sure," Savon answered, moving inside to let everyone in.
Another of the jocks, Tommy, smiled. "Tell us what you need done and it will be."
"That so?" Savon challenged with a smirk.
John nodded. "We'll take any order with a smile."
She had to see it to believe it.

* * * *

Nate and Bran were outside. Jay took a chance, caught Savon's arm, and pulled her into a room filled with boxes.
Her head tipped as she turned to face him. Her lips curled in a smile. "What?"
He stepped closer, dipping his head to take in her toned body, those perky breasts, the flare of her hips. The tank top and low-slung sweats were sexy. She'd removed the sweater early on.
Jay brought his gaze back to hers. "Come to the bar tonight."
"Told you I'd be there. Just don't expect too much from me. I'll admit, you're tempting, but I'm not jumping into anything."
"No rush, Savon. I'll enjoy getting to know you until you decide you are ready." And he realized something. He meant that to the bottom of his soul.
She knew her mind and wouldn't ever be a pushover. She had fire and attitude. And still, something about her lulled his wolf, called to something deep within. He needed to explore what simmered between them.
One corner of her mouth quirked. "I'll be there."
Feet thundered up the stairs, and Savon slipped out the door before Jay could say anything else.
Shaking his head, he waited in silence a moment before leaving the room. Nate shot him a glare, and Jay smirked.
Savon barely glanced Nate's way all day.

* * * *

Finally done. Everything had been moved from the truck, to the house, and everything was placed in the right rooms.
"That's it," Savon announced. "You all can go. I have some work to do."
"We could help," Jay offered.
Bran snorted but held his tongue.
"This part I need to do on my own. I want to put my own touches on the house. Which means I need some privacy."
Grinning, Jay dipped his head and started for the door. "Come on, guys, let's give the lady some space."
She held back the shiver that wanted to sneak up with his sexy Aussie accent. "I'm sure I'll see you all later."
Violets and reds spiraled through Jay's aura with his nod, his eyes trailing over her. "Tonight."
They left, without argument, leaving Bran's buddies.
Joe pulled her into a hug. "You be careful around them." He ducked outside.
Savon sighed.
Chris clapped her on the shoulder. "I hope you'll join us for the barbecue this weekend."
"We'll see." It would all depend on how comfortable she felt around the guys by then. Nate made things iffy. He had her so wound up she wanted to scream.
Jay didn't help the situation. He knew what Nate wanted and spent the day pushing his buttons.
Bran pulled her into a bear hug, lifting her off her feet. "Catch you later, little sis." He dodged out the door.
Savon turned and found Nate inches from her.
His voice felt like an invitation as his words came out in a purr, "Can we talk?"
The air vibrated between them. Savon tried to push away the desire to lean toward him. She failed. Searching his eyes, she asked, "About what?"
One brow cocked. "You're not hungover?"
A laugh bubbled up. "Nah, thanks for taking care of me." She wouldn't mention the fact that a little magic and coffee went a long way to relieving the headache.
His knuckles trailed down her forearm, but he dropped his hand when he got to hers. "How do I make up for the hell I put you through?"
Sighing, she walked away. Old emotions threatened to crush her. "You have no idea what I went through, but I've moved on. So, if you think we can pick up where we left off, you're wrong."
The heat of his body drew closer and she turned back, only to fall into those deep molten brown pools. "Sav, I don't expect to pick up where we left off. Doesn't change the fact there's still something powerful between us. Last night I wasn't thinking, I responded, and I'm sorry I pushed too far. I never want to hurt you again. But I can't deny the magnetism between us. I never could."
She half-laughed. "We're different people, Nate. There may be chemistry, but who's to say it's not dangerous?"
"Can't we find out?"
She lifted her hand and backed away, shrinking down on herself. "Shit, I don't know. You weren't supposed to be here. I never would have moved back if I'd known."
"Hate me that much?" he whispered, inching closer.
"Yes, damn it, Nate. You proposed to me, then disappeared off the face of the Earth for two months. We were just kids. I've grown up, moved on. I'm not that girl anymore."
"I'm not that boy."
Squaring her shoulders, she stared back. "What do you want me to say? I'm done with that stage of my life. I don't want to rehash the past. I'm moving forward."
"Sav, I never wanted to leave you. I got in my car, drove out to pick up your ring, and on my way home, someone in a truck ran me off the road. I'm lucky to be alive. I was in a coma for two months and I'm sure my asshole father did everything in his power to drive you away. And if he hadn't sworn he would destroy you if I came for you, I would have been on your doorstep as soon as I got out of that damned bed."
"You didn't even try, Nate. Bran said you couldn't come, so I shut that door, locked it, and boarded it over. I can't go back."
"After Bran learned the story, he tried to tell you why. Every time he mentioned my name you would scream at him until he gave up. Shit, I wanted you to know why I couldn't come to you, but I couldn't risk your life. My father would have killed you while I watched if I contacted you. Not to mention my father damn near turned me into a monster. I was so angry he changed me it took me a long damned time to learn to control my beast. I didn't want to be a werewolf. I did everything in my power to protect you, and that meant not calling, not coming, not writing. I'm so sorry I hurt you, Savon."
Her heart threatened to shatter. Rubbing at her brow, she paced away as colors seeped through her vision. Pain, his, hers?she didn't want to see their auras. She wanted to remain numb.
Pulling on her bravado, she turned back. "That's why it needs to stay in the past. It's too late to fix what we had."
He nodded, moving closer. "That doesn't mean we can't start at the beginning and build something better."
Shaking her head, Savon paced away.
"Look, I get it. We aren't together, but we were best friends for years. Can't we start at friends? I miss talking with you until late into the night and early into the morning. I miss being with you, just hanging out. Even if we never get back to where we were, I want you in my life."
She stopped at the window and stared outside. He kept chipping at her walls. If she was being honest, she wanted him to tear them down, but she didn't trust her emotions.
"We'll see. But don't expect anything more."
His presence loomed closer and she turned, looking up into his eyes. "Give me a chance to earn your trust, Savon. That's all I ask."
"A chance."
One corner of his mouth tipped up. "Want help unpacking?"
She laughed. "No. I have that covered. I need to make the place mine, and that's something I need to do on my own."
He dipped his head and placed his card on the counter. "If you need a hand, let me know. Even if it's just for the heavy lifting."
"All right. And thank you for tucking me in last night, for the pills and water." She dropped her eyes, trying to push away the hope seeping in. She didn't want to break all over again.
"My pleasure, Sav." He ducked out the door with one final smile.
She watched him go, hating herself for wishing he'd wrapped her in his arms.
Chapter 6


Bran looked up as Nate stepped into his home. He stood in the living room with Chris and Joe. A smirk broke over Bran's face. "You're still in one piece."
Nate dropped his head and looked back up. "I'm not sure she's ever going to trust me again."
"Fuck, Nate, give her time. She left some asshole before coming back here."
Nate growled, advancing toward Bran. "What did the bastard do to her?"
He shook his head. "She won't discuss that shit with me. I know she handled it but beyond that, I have no damned clue."
"He drove Savon from her home? Who is he?" Nate demanded.
"Don't. If you can get it out of her, fine. But I'm not spilling. Besides, I only ever knew a first name. And keep in mind, she won't want you stepping in."
Scrubbing his hands over his face, Nate paced away. "Damn it. I don't want to step in. I want to know in case this bastard ever shows up here."
Bran shook his head. "I already pissed her off when I didn't tell her you moved back."
"Fine." He dropped onto a chair. "I can't believe that asshole convinced the jocks to come help today."
Bran ground his teeth so hard it was audible. "Yeah, well, I can. The rumor going around is that Savon is back, hotter than ever, and single."
Chris stood. "I can't stay, but I'll keep my ears open. See if the work crew hears anything about her. I don't want her targeted as easy prey."
Bran snorted. "She's not going to be easy prey for anyone. She knows what she is now. I caught her talking to the spirits or whatever before she realized I was there yesterday. I played dumb. And I've heard stories about what she can do both with and without help from the other entities. I think it's safe to say she can handle anything that threatens her."
Nate leaned back and closed his eyes. The air left his lungs on an exhale. "She told me she never would have moved back if she knew I was here. I have no doubt she meant it."
"Yeah, which is why I didn't warn her. Part of her still loves you, even if she's pushed it so far down she doesn't see it. You just need to spend some time with her. I plan to ensure that happens as much as possible."
"Don't push too hard. I don't want to piss her off."
"I need to get back to Frannie. Good luck, Nate." Joe left, shaking his head.
Bran dropped into a seat across from Nate. "Evangeline wants to help you. She put the picture in the hall-as a test."
"I don't need her kind of help. Savon is confident and doesn't play the games most women play. Evangeline has her moments, but I've seen her catty."
Bran snorted. "Yeah, you're right about that, but I think Evangeline can appreciate Savon's no bullshit policy."
"Then why is Savon flirting with Jay? He's full of bullshit" Nate snarled. He shot to his feet and started to the fridge for a bottle of water.
"She doesn't want to admit there's something between you two. Let her flirt. She'll learn and she'll put him in his place and be done with him."
"He's a werewolf, and she's not."
"No, but she's a sorceress with Sylvan powers. Why do you think your father hated her so damned much? He was always afraid she'd figure out how to control his wolves."
"You can't," Nate pointed out. Bran could control pure animals, but no shifter, even in their wolf form.
"Doesn't mean she can't. Might want to consider that before you make a move."
"Don't care. She's not the type who would take advantage of that skill without reason." Nate fell back on the couch. "I'll make things right with her, even if it's the last thing I do."

* * * *

Everything downstairs was unpacked and in its place. Savon worked upstairs and planned to continue until she finished, but the doorbell halted her progress around one in the afternoon.
Savon hurried to the door and found Frannie standing on the porch with another picnic basket. She'd always been the mom of the group.
Frannie's lips quirked. "Figured you'd need some sustenance. I know how hyper focused you get. Probably wouldn't eat until you fell over from exhaustion."
"You're right." Savon dropped her head with a smirk. "Thank you. Really. Now get your ass in here."
Frannie brought the basket to the table. "Goddess, I missed you, Savon."
"I suck at the keep in touch thing. I mean to, but then I get going on something and it all slips my mind."
"Because you were busy becoming a famous artist. I get it. And when I do get in touch with you, it's always like no time has passed."
"You're too patient with me. I seriously don't deserve a friend like you."
Frannie shrugged. "You've always been a free spirit. I've only seen one thing that anchored you, and when that disappeared, you flew away." She smiled. "And he may have anchored you, but he never kept you grounded."
Her eyes closed a second. "Let's not talk about Nate. We weren't meant to be."
Frannie snorted. "We'll see. You have a right to be mad, but I think once you sit down and actually listen to everything he has to say, you'll find some things never change."
Savon couldn't stop the laugh that escaped. "Don't get all witchy-wise on me. All I'm saying is that we aren't where we were."
Her eyes lit up with her smile. "You've grown while you were away. I remember a time you would have stubbornly held onto your stance until you couldn't deny it anymore."
Attempting to ignore that notion, Savon walked to the fridge and pulled out the iced tea she made the day before. "Thirsty?"
"Sure. And I brought ham and cheese. You still like that, don't you?"
"I do."
"I heard you may be interested in Jay," Frannie prodded.
"Please don't start with a lecture."
She shook her head. "A simple warning. He'd do anything to tear Nate down. It's no secret you were Nate's first love. Jay is the type who will take any opportunity to fuck with him."
Savon smirked. "I'm flirting. And I plan to do that tonight when I go back to the bar, but I have no intention of starting a relationship with anyone. I just left someone a few weeks ago." Very possibly killed the prick, but she didn't want to discuss Nikolai.
"Bran didn't mention that. Why did you leave San Francisco?"
She didn't want to discuss that either, so she went with vague. "Needed my freedom-not a jerk whose views were skewed too far from mine. Jay is hot and fun to play with, but I'm not taking him to bed."
"All right. Just thought someone should tell you the truth."
"Appreciated. And I seem to remember you mentioning wanting to see my art up close and personal. Think you can get away sometime tomorrow? I should have my new studio ready by then."
Frannie nodded, her eyes dancing with light. "Please. I haven't seen nearly enough."
"Well, at your next break from domesticity, come over. I just need to finish that room."
"I can hardly wait. And maybe we can do a girls' night sometime soon."
Savon's head cocked. "Who else is still around?"
"Lesley, Gianna, that's about it. At least that we hung out with. And the guys, of course. But they were all here this morning. Sometimes Evangeline joins us, but she takes some getting used to."
"Maybe this weekend? What do you suggest we do?"
"Go out. There's a place we all go dancing in the next town. Don't have to deal with all the snarly dogs that way."
Savon laughed. "Do they know that half the town are werewolves and another third are witches?"
"They do. Gianna is a wolf. And Lesley was always a witch, but she doesn't embrace her magic like I do."
"My parents tried to keep me from delving too far into mine. But then I moved away, and my landlord was an interesting woman." Savon laughed and grabbed a couple plates. 
Interesting was an understatement. Ms. Murdock was a mystic. One hundred percent pure. And she could do things that still baffled Savon after everything she'd learned. The woman was in a class of her own.
"You'll find I embrace mine far more than I did when I was younger."
Frannie giggled. "Not sure that's possible. You hid it, but you still listened to the entities around you, and you've always seen the world differently. It's why I love your art. Your mother once told me that you paint what you see, and you really are seeing it the way you paint."
A sad smile pulled at Savon's lips. "My father constantly warned me what would happen if I let the wrong voices in. He admonished the fact I would at least hear what they had to say before deciding." Sighing, Savon lifted a shoulder. "Dad worried I'd let the evil ones guide me."
"He was wrong about that, and I think he realized it after you moved away." She shook her head. "I remember your dad telling me how glad he was you left the house. There was an evil spirit who was trying to convince you to go after Killian."
Savon rolled her eyes. "There are always angry spirits who want me to take out my frustration on someone. I ignore those. And yeah, it was tempting to slap Killian, or worse, for not telling me where Nate was, but I didn't. He would have won if I had."
"He might have harmed you. Though maybe not. Your mother wove some powerful protection around you. That's all shattered and gone now, but I think it blocked some of your ability."
Savon snorted. "Yeah, there was a block on some of my magic, but it never fully worked. I guess some of my abilities can't be locked away. A friend helped me when the magic broke loose." Blushing, she glanced away.
"History with him?"
She lifted a shoulder. "A little. He helped me move past Nate."
"Oh, he did?" Frannie shook her head, her eyes dancing with light. "Not sure you ever get totally over your first love."
"Didn't say that, but I can't trust Nate. If he really loved me, he would have ignored his father and we could have run away."
"Are you sure he didn't come to you in another way?"
Savon snorted. "He never knocked on my door, picked up a phone, mailed me a letter, found me on social media. Nothing. Ever. Like I told him this morning, we can't be what we were. That's over and done with. If he wants to try being friends, fine, but I'm not looking forward to having my heart ripped open because he couldn't find the balls to contact me."
A laugh bubbled out of Frannie and she covered her mouth to stop from spraying tea everywhere. "There are other ways to communicate for certain people."
"Don't, Frannie. I listened to him today and agreed to try as friends. He may not want who I've become, and I don't know him anymore."
"He hasn't changed all that much." Frannie nudged her and shoved the last bite in her mouth.
Savon stared down at the counter.
"I need to get back, but I plan to sneak away tomorrow. I want to see your collection."
"Yeah, I'll make something for lunch."
"You don't have to."
"What? Think I can't cook?"
She squeezed Savon's shoulder. "Didn't say that. I know how you are, though. You tend to get busy and forget stuff like that."
"We'll see," was all Savon said before walking Frannie to the door.
Chapter 7


Jay found Canagan seated in his bar when he walked in. The place wouldn't open for another two hours. He hated when she showed up unannounced-which was all the damned time.
Canagan was an anomaly. Few knew exactly what she was, but he knew the stories. Full Sylvan Fae, who was turned into a werewolf thanks to Killian. She gained control over werewolves when she first changed.
No one took her seriously. She looked like she might be sixteen, not two to three thousand years old. Being changed young in life stopped the growth process early.
She liked to believe she controlled all the wolves. However, there were two factions. Canagan being one, Bran being the other. There was a third if witches were factored in, but they were all on Bran's side.
Bran wanted Nate to be Alpha, so his buddies supported Nate. Canagan backed Jay, which meant a good majority of the wolves supported him. However, without a true Alpha, the pack could shift at any time.
The biggest flaw to Canagan's plan was that she believed Jay followed her lead. 
He had his own plans. Jay wasn't sorry he hadn't become Alpha, though he couldn't figure out what the fuck had happened when he challenged Killian and won. 
Nothing went the way it was supposed to. 
Killian died in wolf-form. His body didn't shift back. The Alpha power didn't shift to Jay. Nothing changed.
While Canagan put her support behind Jay, he played along. However, he was immune to her sway because he was born a shaman whose animal had always been a wolf. Mind magic, even that toward animals held no sway over him. No one knew he was more than a werewolf.
Somehow, the wolves loyal to Bran resisted Canagan's persuasion, though he claimed to have no control over them. Maybe he didn't know how.
Jay sauntered up to the bar. "What can I do for you, Cana?"
"Canagan," she growled. "You know my name."
Smirking, he tipped his head. "Sorry. Habit. You want to blend in, yet you don't want to acknowledge times have changed. With your age, I would imagine you would have learned to accept the current environment by now."
"Stop mocking me. I want to understand why you're stalled on your plans to become Alpha."
"We've been over this. I killed Killian, and the power didn't transfer to me. I have no idea why."
"Did you, though?"
"Did I what? I challenged the rotten bastard and killed him. You watched as he died."
"Perhaps not. It's the only thing that would keep you from becoming Alpha."
"Or another spell." He sighed. "I'm looking into other solutions."
"Look faster, Jay. I'm running out of patience. If we don't move our plan forward soon, I'll find someone else willing to take the necessary risks, and who doesn't simply want to play with their prey."
"If killing Nate were the answer, I would. However, he isn't Alpha either, and I'd only piss off those who respect him. Besides, he doesn't have the balls to claim the land. I wonder if him being the son to the previous Alpha has anything to do with the power not changing. So why bother challenging him again? He handed me my ass the first time, and he's no more Alpha than me."
"Wait too long and he will claim the position whether he likes it or not. He's an honorable man, which is why I want him brought to his knees." Canagan stood and walked out the door, her blond hair swishing over her ass.
Between her youthful appearance and the fact she made his skin crawl, he wasn't interested in anything more than their current arrangement.
Now, Savon was another story. She captivated him in a way only his mate ever had. He wanted her, badly. Was she worth the risk of being tied to a Sylvan Fae? Even half? He wasn't sure, but he wanted to explore what was between them.
Besides, pissing off Nate was one of his favorite things to do. If he could claim Savon, Nate would have no choice but to let her go, for good.

* * * *

A day off was the last damned thing Nate needed. He wanted to close the spanning chasm between him and Savon, but she wasn't ready to listen. He didn't know how to break through, so he attacked the weights in his basement instead.
The scent of earthly magic washed over him. Nate set the barbell back in the rack and sat up. "What brings you by, Fran?"
She shook her head. "Just left Savon's, and I don't have much time, but you'd be wise to come clean about your nightly visits. Explain what you are and how you've been chasing her all these years, or she will truly hate you when she finally figures it out."
"Been trying. She's not terribly receptive. She was drunk when I told her last night. It didn't sink in. This morning she practically shoved me out the door. So forgive me if I'm waiting until she gives me more than two minutes of her time before I spring all of this on her."
"It's not me who needs to forgive you. You stalked Savon, while not maliciously, you've done harm. She doesn't understand, and she should."
"She may hate me when I do finally tell her." Standing, he paced away and came back. "How do I tell her what I've done? How I couldn't let her go? She doesn't want to hear it. She thinks I let her go. That's so far from the truth."
One shoulder lifted. "You'll figure it out. Otherwise, I won't blame her when she demolishes you. But I believe your paths twine again soon. Tell her."
"I will. I owe her that."
"Should go to the bar tonight. Play some pool."
The last time they played went through his head. She was babysitting the neighbor's kids in her senior year. They were asleep. It was late. Savon beat his ass at the game, so he bent her over the table and fucked her silly.
Rubbing his face, he walked toward the mini fridge and pulled out a bottle of water. "Not sure pool is the first place I should start with her."
Humor danced through her eyes. "That's right. She told me about watching the Thornton kids and how you were a sore loser." Laughing, she shrugged. "She's definitely thinking about you, Nate. Maybe you should start there, just don't fuck her until she knows everything, because I still think the moment you two go there, she'll be bound to you forever. You enter into a bond with that big a secret and you will pay for that mistake."
"I'm not that fucking stupid, Fran. I don't want to make this worse, and I don't want to trap her. We need a long damn talk because the guys are pushing me to take the Alpha position."
"What are you afraid of?" she asked.
"Becoming my father. I hate that bastard." More than words could say. The asshole cost him his happiness.
With him dead, there was no reason to stay away.
"Nate, clich or not, listen to your heart." She left before he could respond.
Dropping onto the bench, he flung himself back and grabbed the barbell. He wanted to expend as much pent-up energy as he could before he tried to talk to her again.
Chapter 8


Starving, Savon slipped her boots on and checked her makeup in the mirror. She'd worked her ass off to put everything away and ward her home. Enjoying the rest of the night was her reward. Grabbing her purse, she headed downstairs.
Nate's sports car zoomed by as she locked the door. Shaking her head, she tried to ignore the questions rolling through her head. Like where was he headed in such a hurry? Was he going to see someone? Maybe Evangeline?
Not that Nate was any of her damned business.
Shit, she needed to stop thinking about him.
They weren't together. They weren't going to be. Serious wasn't on the plate. And Nate had been everything to her once upon a damned time. She wasn't even sure how to be friends with him now.
Plucking her ringing phone out of her purse left a sigh on her lips. Bran had called a dozen times throughout the day, offering to help. She eventually stopped answering. His motivation was to push her toward Nate. It was hard enough to resist the pull to her first heartbreak without her brother helping him out.
Besides, she was curious what Jay wanted.
There was a better question. What did she want? A roll in the sack? Or the attention?
Definitely the attention.
She needed a distraction from Nate and their past. Jay could provide that, hopefully. If not him, there would be plenty other men in the bar. Tormenting the jock-cocks would be fun. There was a good chance she wouldn't pay for a single drink.
The cool wind pushed her hair across her shoulders. The air never became stagnant in Silvertail Ridge. The constant breeze always seemed charged. Magic flowed through the town in a way she couldn't appreciate before leaving.
At least Nate's car wasn't outside Fang'n'Claw. She might turn her ass around, hop in her jeep, and drive away if that were the case.
Jay's deep blue eyes locked on hers as she stepped inside and made her way to the bar. A warning bell went off in the back of her head as every set of eyes landed on her. Unwilling to let a bunch of wolves shake her confidence, she strode to the bar.
Lifting a bottle of Chase, Jay arched a single golden eyebrow.
She shook her head, a smirk on her lips. When she got there, she took a seat and leaned forward. "Let's go with a mojito. I plan to enjoy my night, not drown out my annoyance."
"Because Nate came over to help this morning?" Jay asked, a harsh note to his tone. Magenta swirled through his aura, making her pause.
Her eyes narrowed. "I think my brother made up for being a douchebag. Besides, Nate and I came to an understanding. One you and I should come to because I don't like the possessive vibe coming off you."
His expression softened, but the magenta flared brighter. "Don't want to see him hurt you again."
"I'm a big girl, Jay. And I'm not interested in having a man in my life right now. I like being single. I like playing. And I don't need a man to watch over me. Let's get this straight, shall we? If you're interested in fun, then we can see what happens. If this is part of some game, then you need to find another pawn. And if you think I'm going to jump into something serious, I'm not."
His aura grew brighter, shades of green for jealousy and red anger spearing through the orange of hope. He dropped his eyes and focused on the drink.
What the hell was going on?
Savon sat back. "This is a game, isn't it?" Snorting, she stood and started for the door.
Before she made it halfway, Jay spun her around. A hiss left his lips as his head was yanked back by the friendly spirit in the habit of warning her.
Gold ringed Jay's blue eyes as he spun around, rubbing at his head. "What the fuck was that?"
"You bit off more than you can chew. This was a bad idea." Savon stepped away from Jay, not tearing her attention from him.
His head cocked as he sniffed the air. 
There were a dozen entities in the place. Maybe more. And all but two didn't particularly like Jay.
He took a step toward her and the spirits drew closer.
She held up one hand. "Word of advice, back off."
A slow smile spread on his lips as he dropped to his knees, his hands raised in surrender. "What are you, Savon?"
"My own woman."
He dipped his head in submission. "I'm sorry. I won't make that mistake again. This isn't a game. I'm genuinely interested in seeing where things go naturally. I won't push." His gaze lifted to meet hers.
"One chance, that's it. Anything I don't like, I walk out that door, Jay. One tiny thing." Her tone was calm, simply laying down her cards.
Yellows burst across his colors, wiping out everything but lavender streaks. Curiosity, hope, and passion. Interesting.
Standing, Jay backed toward the counter with a devilish smirk. "You have my word. Give me a chance, Savon."
For what, she wondered.
She took the empty seat at the counter and the woman to her left moved to a table. The man on her right scooted down a seat. Curious, but the spirits were riled more riled than they had been a moment ago. She may have missed them interfering.
That was the problem with her gifts. She could only do so much to control other entities without consequences. They had a mind of their own, and often reacted to her emotions.
Jay resumed making her drink. "Tell me something, Savon. Do you feel the chemistry between us?"
Her brow arched as she leaned forward. "Jay, you promised not to push. I'm attracted to you, but I plan to be single for a while. Right now, I want to enjoy my evening. If I have to fend you off all night, I'll leave."

* * * *

Jay took her words to heart. The fire in Savon's eyes made his dick hard as steel. He had no doubt the rumored protection woven around Savon was unnecessary. Old magics surrounded her. Both Sylvan and something primal and unworldly.
Perhaps he needed to look into sorcerers and their abilities. He didn't know enough. Not that the details would deter him. The craving for Savon grew every moment, but patience was something he knew well.
The door opened and in walked Bran and Nate.
Jay repressed a growl, forced a smile, and pushed the glass her way. "Savon, your drinks are on me. Just yours."
She glanced over her shoulder and turned back with a curled lip. Leaning forward, she said, "Didn't expect them to come."
He believed her. She wasn't happy with them there. The bridge wasn't burned yet. He needed to relax and let things unfold on their own. Either way, he wanted more of the enigmatic woman before him.
"Hungry?" Jay asked. "We do have a full kitchen."
"Bacon cheeseburger, skip the fries."
"That's on me too."
She reached across the bar as he turned, grabbing his wrist. "No. Let me pay. I'm a customer, and I don't want you thinking I owe you something other than money."
"I won't."
"I'll pay, or I'll walk. Your choice, Jay." Light danced through her eyes, but the challenge was there.
Her logic made sense. He smiled. "All right, you'll pay." He pulled away and put the order in as Bran and Nate took the seats on either side of her.
Turning to her brother with a glare, she whispered, "I don't need a babysitter."
Bran chuckled, nodding to the tables. "Thought I could challenge my little sister to a game of pool."
She groaned. "After I eat and have a dance or two." Her eyes swept through the bar as she licked her lips. "I came for fun."
Nate dropped his gaze, his hands gripping the counter as his shoulders rose and fell in a steady rhythm.
Jay repressed the smirk as he continued to listen to the heated discussion.
"We had to eat," Nate gently added. "Not much else to do in town."
Savon sipped at her mojito as he turned to Nate and took his order, then Bran's. He left long enough to place their order, and pour their beers.
Her drink was empty by the time he leaned against the counter. "Another?"
She ran her finger over the rim, then nodded. "Yes."
Bran's head whipped to him. "Don't go overboard, Savon."
Rolling her eyes, she turned to Bran. "Don't be an asshole. I've had one. I plan to stay a few hours, dance, play some pool. A few drinks won't kill me, and since you two are trying to ruin my night, I need another."
Nate leaned closer to her. "Want us to leave?" The pain in his voice put a smile on Jay's lips.
Sighing, she turned to look at Nate. "Didn't say that. Just, let me have my fun."
"Sure." Nate glanced away.
Jay placed the second drink in front of her.

* * * *

Bad fucking idea, Nate.
He wanted to reach across the counter, grab Jay by the throat, and squeeze until his claws came out for real. Maybe then Savon would realize she was playing with fire.
But no, she was more likely to chase Jay just to spite Nate.
Both Fran and Bran thought Nate needed to be at the bar to protect her. He worried their presence would push her to do something crazier than she had planned.
He agreed he needed to give her the whole truth, but the bar wasn't the place. Unfortunately, until she understood everything, they didn't stand a chance.
Jay brought a burger to Savon and leaned over the counter, looking into her eyes as he licked his lips. "Enjoy."
Her posture tensed as she met his gaze and pulled the plate toward her in a silent challenge.
At least Jay was pissing her off too. 
Nate felt the same connection to Savon he always had. The only difference was that it was ten times stronger and she was fighting it. 
Eventually she would have to admit they were tied together.
Savon picked up her burger and took a bite.
Nate nodded at Bran before sliding from the stool to walk to the jukebox. He picked every love song she used to play, hoping one would remind her of how good they'd been together.
He came back to the bar as she picked up her drink and moved to a pool table where one of the pricks from school joined her.
Nate took her vacated seat and wished he could say anything to Bran, but in a bar full of wolves, they would only overhear.
Jay walked back. "Why here? We all know you both avoid this place."
Bran leaned forward, his eyes narrowed. "She was followed last night. Later, the same wolf tried to snoop around her place. We're here to make sure no one else gets any stupid ideas."
Jay gripped the counter, leaning closer with a snarl. "Who followed her?"
Nate didn't expect the protective vibe rolling off Jay. Maybe the bastard hadn't set that up. He answered simply, "Clay Weston."
His jaw clenched and he scanned the bar. "That will stop or I'll tear his head from his body," Jay promised.
"You didn't send the bastard after her?" Bran asked.
Gold rimmed his blue eyes, his beast rising to the surface. "My problem is with you two, not her. Doesn't matter how she's related to one of you, or her history with the other, I deal with my problems directly."
Nate met his gaze straight on. "No one is making an accusation. You asked why we were here. He's explaining."
"As long as we understand each other. Seems you two killed her mood." His brow arched.
"We came for food and pool. And to keep an eye on her. Take it or leave it, but until you can command us to leave, we're staying."
Jay leaned down and glared into his eyes. "Leave my bar."
Nate smirked. "You're not Alpha, Jay. Never will be."
"We'll see about that," Jay answered.
Shrugging, Nate shook his head. "We didn't come here for trouble. We came to ensure it didn't follow Savon."
"Sure you aren't the problem?" Jay countered, his brow cocked.
Once again, Nate wrangled back the urge to reach across, grab the back of his head, and slam his face down on the counter. Shit, he hated the prick.

* * * *

Savon racked while sweeping her eyes through the bar. Cole, one of the basketball stars in school made his way over with a smirk. She remembered all the shit he said to her over the years and how she used to look straight through him.
He couldn't take his eyes off her as he handed her an extra beer bottle. "Thirsty?"
She slung back her mojito and took the bottle. 
The spirits murmured. 
"Don't drink it."
"Something's in it."
"Poison."
Biting her lip, she set the bottle aside and nodded to the table. She wouldn't touch the beer again, but see if she could figure out why the bastard wanted to drug her. "Want to play?"
"Winner gets a dance?" he prompted.
She snorted. "Let's see how good a sport you are."

* * * *

Savon declined the dance with Cole. He didn't like losing and was a baby.
Bran coerced her into a game of pool, and after she barely beat him, she opted for a dance. She grabbed the first guy she saw who wasn't staring at her tits or ass.
One of the guys from her art class who had grown into an attractive witch smiled when she wrapped her arms around his neck. "How are you, Justin?"
His eyes lit up, he let out a happy sigh. "You remember my name."
She held back the giggle. "I do, and I remember you had talent with a paintbrush. Do you still?"
He nodded. "I sell a few paintings here and there. Nothing like you. I've heard your name in the art community. I must say, your work is amazing."
She shrugged. "I do all right. What have you been up to?"
"I run Craft Stop now. I'm sure I'll be seeing you."
She nodded. "Oh, you will. Probably enough to get tired of me."
"Nah. It will be a pleasure. Maybe you can help me out."
"Sure. I'll need to restock soon." She leaned closer. "Thank you, for the dance."
"No, thank you. You've made my night."
"You always were sweet." She walked away as the song ended.
Yet another wolf stumbled to her with a drink and a cocky smile. 
The warning spirit whispered, "Don't drink it."
She wouldn't. The only two she had put to her lips were the first two Jay made her while she watched. He hadn't attempted to slip anything into her drink, and he didn't send any over.
The auras in Fang'n'Claw had grown too bright and mixed together in a way that made her head hurt. She needed to get away from them all.
She needed to uncover the real story with the wolf pack in Silvertail Ridge. Maybe she could call an old friend who might give her some real answers.
Some pretty wolf in a slinky dress swayed over to Nate. Savon walked to the counter and paid her bill.
"You don't have to go," Jay said softly.
"Too much tension in here tonight. Something will snap. I'd rather not be here when it does. But I'll be back another night."
"I hope you will." He took her money with a smile.
She left a nice tip. "Good night, Jay."
"See you soon."
Savon ducked down the back hall and through the kitchen where she got a dirty look from the cook. She stepped out the back door and hurried to the street to get away from everyone.
She made it to the edge of the parking lot when Jay's hand wrapped around her bicep, pulling her to a stop.
"Wait." His voice was gentle and pleading. "Seems your brother and ex ruined your night."
Spinning, she shook her head. "More than that. Two wolves tried to slip something into drinks they brought me."
He lifted his hands, taking a step back, reds shooting through his aura. "Hey now, I'll find out who attempted to drug you, but it sure as hell wasn't me. I want my women eager and willing, not passed out."
She believed him. Question was, who attempted to drug her?
"Savon, whoever tampered with your drink will pay." He moved forward, looking into her eyes. "I swear it."
Anger flashed through her. "I want to know who and why. Do me a favor. I know Cole was one. Never saw the second before tonight. Don't know if someone else slipped something into the drinks, or if they did it of their own accord. Either way, when you do find out, even if you deal with them, I want to know what you learn."
"You have my word. Now, since I didn't get to make up for my previous mistake, why don't you come by in the morning. We'll leave town to have breakfast. We should talk. I doubt Nate or Bran will tell you everything you've missed while you were away. And by then, I'll know who and why they spiked your drink."
She didn't expect all the answers, but she'd have another side to the story. "All right, be ready for me at eight in the morning."
He reached out, gently caressing her arm. His blue eyes delved into hers. "I'll be here, ready to go."
"Night, Jay." She walked away before she was tempted to lean up for a kiss. She needed more of the story before she made any kind of decision.

* * * *

Heads would roll. Someone attempted to drug Savon, and that asshole was going to pay dearly. He went through every drink he served and who brought drinks to Savon. He would start there, as soon as Fang'n'Claw closed.
He didn't want to alarm Bran or Nate. He wanted the answers to give Savon in the morning. Without dipshit and douchebag getting in his way.
Her trust would go a long way to breaking Nate. Beyond that, he wanted her, all of her. The more she was around, the more he craved her. The building need was dangerous. After losing his mate, May, he never expected to find the burning craving of a potential mate.
The craving started as a smolder, but he was burning for Savon. Nate was his competition. Was it possible she was compatible with both? He'd only heard of that happening twice.
Savon needed the whole story. The longer she went in the dark, the more danger she was in. Canagan didn't like competition. He understood she'd hated Savon's mother. She wasn't fond of Bran, though he hadn't mastered his magic.
Savon was a force to be reckoned with. Clay had designs on taking the pack and had twice nearly beaten Killian. Savon knocked the shit out of him her first night back, and he was still trying to get information on her.
Perhaps Canagan had put him up to challenging the Alpha. He had no doubt she told him to fuck with Savon. Jay needed to know why.
Cole and Nolan stayed when asked. They probably thought they were doing him a favor by tampering with Savon's drinks.
After locking the door, he moved across the bar with lightning speed, picking up a chair to smash against Nolan's face, then Cole's.
With both sprawled across the floor, Jay pulled on leather gloves and brought out coils of silver chain.
Lifting Nolan by the hair, he slammed him into a chair, tore his shirt open, and chained the fucker to the seat.
Then he turned his attention to Cole, who'd gone as far as to call Savon a frigid bitch when she didn't dance after their game of pool. He tore the clothes from his body before winding chain around him and hanging him from the rafters by his feet.
Cole came to with a snarl, twisting and turning as Jay slammed his fist into his gut.
"Who put you up to drugging Savon? Or was that your stupid idea?" Jay snarled.
"You want her. Was ensuring she didn't wind up with Nate," he gasped out, twisting his body to try to wriggle free of the chains burning his bare skin.
Jay grabbed a length of chain and wrapped it around the asshole's cock, yanking it tight. Cole's screams rose in pitch and volume.
"Why would you drug her?"
"She'll give in to Nate. You wanted a chance," he gasped out between sobs.
Jay released the chain and walked around the idiot before crouching down to look into Cole's eyes. "You've made a grave mistake. Never presume to know what I want."
Cole went nuts when Jay shifted to his half-man form. Jay's hand shot out, his claws sinking into Cole's lower belly, then he yanked out a handful of intestines.
Nolan struggled so hard he knocked the chair over. Dumbfuck couldn't get free at least.
Jay crossed the distance and kicked the ever-loving-shit out of Nolan's gut.
"Shut up, do it now."
Other than gasps and whimpers, he did.
Cole continued to scream, but he was bleeding out while his body attempted to repair the damage.
"Did Canagan put you up to drugging Savon?"
Nolan nodded, his eyes wide.
"What did she say?"
His eyes slammed shut. Jay grabbed the nipple ring and yanked it out, and Nolan screamed. 
"Speak, now!" Jay warned.
He stammered, "Savon needed to fall into your bed. You need to claim her to take the pack. She told me to give her the potion."
"What potion?" Jay growled.
"P-p-pocket?in my p-pocket."
Jay pulled out a vial of clear liquid. He popped the cap and sniffed. The sweet scent of Fae flowers hit him. She'd told him about the Death's Kiss flowers of her homeland and the toxin in the nectar. The effects were like that of a love potion initially, but soon the drinker's cells would start attacking each other. The victim would die within forty-eight hours as their organs liquified and they bled from every orifice.
Anger rolled through Jay. He shoved his claws through Nolan's belly and up into his chest, gripping his heart, then yanked the beating organ out.
Nolan screamed until the light drained from his eyes and the sound ended.
Jay spun and twisted Cole's head so far the spine snapped and tore his head off.
Backing away, Jay shifted back to human, glaring at the mess. He needed to clean the bar, then decide what to do about Canagan.
Chapter 9


Haunting music played while Nate waltzed Savon around a twinkling ballroom. The flickering glow of a thousand candles cast a romantic tone. She wore the same elaborate lace gown from the night before.
As always, Nate was gorgeous in a tailored tux. Sadness haunted his molten brown eyes.
She didn't want to fight, didn't want to push him away. No, falling into his arms and staying seemed the right choice, but fear kept her from considering it.
"To old times," Nate said sweetly.
Tears filled her eyes, even in the dream. "No, to new times. We can't be what we were, Nate."
"All right, to new times, but only if you promise no more tears."
"I'll try."
He brushed them away with a sad smile. "Why did you leave tonight?"
"Is this a dream?" she whispered.
Nodding, he lifted her chin until she met eyes. "Yes, but it's more. We need to talk, Savon. Face to face, in the real world. There is so much for me to explain."
Stepping away, she shook her head. "More than a dream? All these years?"
He dipped his head, staring at the ground. "I've tried to tell you. You always run."
She froze, trying to wrap her head around him actually being there, with her, in her dreams. 
Hurt, agony really, crashed over her and she ran again-past the candles, into the dark corridor.
"Savon, wait. Please, hear me out."
Her shattered edges wanted to crumble and fall apart again. 
No more pain, no more hurting. No more fucking crying for the boy who broke her all those years ago.
Shining eyes filled the darkness. Hundreds of wolves filled the night. One set glowed red as they approached her.
Halting, she stumbled back. Nate caught her. "I'll always be here, waiting. Please, listen to me. That's all I'm asking."
She spun, staring into his eyes. Love, desperation, regret, a million other emotions that threatened to drown her.
"How?"
"Let me explain face to face. I'll tell you everything, even the parts you don't know."
Panic edged in, she pulled away. He could have sent word, an explanation, made Bran tell her. Anything to make her understand twelve fucking years ago.
A hysteric laugh escaped. "It's a little late. All this time, and you saw me breaking apart every damned time you came to me. What the hell is wrong with you?"
"I can't let you go. Never could."
"I can't do this." She backed away.
His eyes closed. "Before you decide what to do with Jay, you need the whole story. I won't stand in your way. I wasn't trying to tonight. You said we could be friends. I have always watched out for my friends."
"You asshole! You've been in my damned head all this time. You saw the mess I became." She raked her fingers through her hair. "You let me think I was insane all these years. How could you!"
Savon pulled herself from sleep.
Rolling over, she glared at the clock. Six in the fucking morning. That gave her enough time to drink coffee and get ready before an hour-long run. Then she'd meet Jay to see if he could give her any answers.
Shit, the dream-every damned dream. Was he really there all these years? Or had she finally lost her fucking mind? Could be argued she'd lost that ages ago.
Please just be a nightmare.

* * * *

Sleep wasn't an option after Savon pulled herself out of the dream. Nate was going fucking crazy trying to figure out how to fix what he broke. He shouldn't have admitted the dream wasn't purely a dream in the damned dream, but he couldn't stop the words from coming out of his mouth.
Damned fucking fool.
Yes, she needed to know, but not like that.
He hurried through a shower and dressed for work. Knowing Savon, she'd go for a run. He'd seen her do that a million times after she woke up from a dream. And because they'd shared bond since they were little, he could check on her even when she was awake. She was his Sleepwalker. He couldn't resist, he was always drawn to her.
The agony in her eyes should have kept him away.
It didn't.
If anything, he pushed harder to reach her.
He ran out the door, across his yard, hopped the fence, and sprinted to her porch. The door opened as he lifted his fist to knock.
Savon froze, a strangled gasp came out as anger flowed over her features.
"Sav, please, let me explain."
She pushed the door, attempting to shut him out, but he slipped in and took her arms in his hands. "Damn it, Sav, five minutes. Please."
Her head jerked away as tears leaked down her face. "You were there? All these years you were there?"
"You were the one thing that pulled me out of the coma. My father threatened to destroy you if I went after you. He would have done it too. I held onto you the only way I could. In your dreams, where he never knew I was watching over you. But I couldn't get you to listen, no matter how hard I tried."
She threw her hands up, pacing away. "What the hell would he have done to me if you came to me in San Francisco?"
Nate moved in front of her, capturing her attention. "He was an ancient wolf. He would have hunted you down and ripped you apart, making sure I saw every second."
Sneering, she laughed harshly. "Bastard always underestimated me."
"Don't you get it? I was terrified he would kill you. It was bad enough having you across the country, out of my reach. But I couldn't live with myself if anything happened to you because of me. And now you're here, and you're thrown into the middle of the war that's brewing."
"Between who?"
He scrubbed a hand over his face, searching for an explanation.
"Fine, keep your secrets." She grabbed her phone and went to push past him.
"Shit, just give me a second to gather my thoughts. I want you to hear all of it. I'm not holding it back, but let me figure out what I can say that doesn't come out like a lovesick pup."
Her eyes blazed, sparks dancing in the hazel depths.
"My father was the pack's alpha for two hundred years. He was cruel and always got his way. Just as he did with your mother."
"What?" Savon asked.
"He seduced your mother thirty-nine years ago. Thirty-four years ago she conceived Bran, but as much as my father loved her, he couldn't resist the mate bond when my mother came along. 
Fawn wouldn't let my father touch her again. She left town with Darron, and everyone thought Bran was his, but the truth eventually came out. Your parents came back soon after I was born to my mother and father. Then your parents had you three years later."
"Wait?hold on?Bran is your brother too?" A shudder rocked down her spine as she paced away.
"Neither of us knew until a two years ago. After your parents died. Some asshole shot Bran and Killian changed him to save him. He told him the story. Bran told me, and my asshole of a father admitted to it all."
She rubbed at her chest, taking another step away. "But you and I aren't blood. Please tell me I wasn't fucking my own brother."
He shook his head. "No. You and I don't share blood. Though we both share blood with Bran. I'm not your brother."
She sank onto a chair. "When was he going to tell me?"
Nate took a seat on the coffee table and looked her in the eye. "Once you forgave me for what I couldn't control."
She blinked, then a strangled sound escaped. "I may never forgive you for leaving and never coming back."
That was a lead fist to his chest, but he pushed past the pain. "And I'll have to accept that, but that doesn't change the fact you're still thrust into the middle of this war. Jay wants the pack. He killed my father to become Alpha, but the land hasn't accepted him. It doesn't make a damned bit of sense. Now, half the wolves want me to take the pack. They're convinced I'm the only one the territory will accept, but I've never heard of a case where the one who killed the Alpha wasn't immediately the new Alpha."
She pressed at her temples, shaking her head.
He pushed on before she could leave. "Jay wants to destroy me. Everyone knows you're everything-"
Her head snapped up, her eyes blazing. "Don't you dare finish that." She paced away and stopped at the counter.
"I'm not saying that's his only interest in you. I'm telling you it's a possibility. And if you choose Jay, I won't stand in your way." The words were a silver dagger in his chest, but clearly he'd done more than enough damage. "Just make sure of what he really wants before you decide. I don't want to see you hurt."
She shot him a deadly look before turning away. "You hurt me, Nate. You haunt my dreams every damned night. You show up during the day. I thought reality broke and I was a fucking lunatic. You tore my heart out, then tore my mind apart."
He dropped his gaze to the floor, flexing his fists. "I'm there with you. I can't help myself."
"When were you going to tell me?"
He followed, but didn't touch her. "Tonight. Or as soon as you gave me a chance."
Tears leaked down her face and her voice cracked. "You're the reason my head is such a fucking mess." She shoved him and walked away. "Damn you, Nate. You just had to call. One call. Fuck."
"Sit, please."
She covered her ears and winced as she moved away again. "I need to be up."
"Fine." He moved in front of her and reached for her hands, but his were flung back by an invisible force.
Her eyes narrowed as she stepped back. "Don't touch me, just tell me the rest."
Invisible hands plucked at his clothing, attempting to pull him in the opposite direction. That should have scared him, but he was grateful for the protection they provided Savon.
He squared his shoulders. "That day I left, a truck ran me off the road on my way back. I took my father's car, and he swears my mother thought I was him. She ran me off the road, into the river. She pulled me out and killed herself when she thought I was dead. Between the fractured skull, swelling brain, and lack of air for ten minutes, they didn't expect me to wake up. My father took me from the hospital, changed me, and hired the best doctors he could find to watch over me. When I didn't wake up after two weeks, he brought Evangeline there, hoping to bring me out of the coma. She's a Dreamwalker, like me. She taught me how to find you in dreams. Before I ever woke up, I went to you, but I couldn't do anything but watch at first. That changed with time. Then I woke up, and I could still see you when you were awake. You're my Sleepwalker. We share a bond. We always have, Savon."
Heavy tears rolled down her face. "Fuck you and the damned bond. You should have come for me."
"I was a monster. My father turned me against my will. And without you, I couldn't control my impulses. Not only was I terrified my father would kill you, but there was a very real possibility I could have hurt you."
Her eyes narrowed as they swung back. "I don't care about you being a wolf. You say you loved me. You should have come. The boy I remember would have. We were going to run away together." Her sob wrenched his heart tighter.
Nate reached for her, and she threw her hand up. He stumbled back as if pushed.
"Don't touch me." Fear flowed over her expression as she backed away, shaking her head. "Please, don't."
"I wanted to come to you," he admitted. "I knew what he would do to you if I ever contacted you in a way he could verify. He had me followed. Someone was always watching. I tried telling you this in your dreams a million times. I didn't want to keep this secret. You never gave me a chance."
Her arms wound around herself. "You let your father win. He kept you away from me. And it's too late, Nate." 
"I tried to reach you. The only way he couldn't know for sure. I tried, damn it. And even now, I can't let you go. It's why I'm always there. Every time you let a man in, I try to let you walk away, to let you find happiness, but then you reach for me in your dreams only to run. Part of you seeks me out."
"You don't get it, Nate. You stalked me in dreams for years, you show up when I'm awake. I thought I was mental." She wiped at her face. "You're the one holding on. Not me. Just let me go."
He laughed bitterly. "I've tried. God knows I've tried, but every time I think I can walk away you pull me back and I stay. You're my Sleepwalker, Sav. You're the only one who has ever pulled me into a dream."
"What does that even mean?"
He shook his head. "I don't know. My father didn't want me to learn my talents. He forbade Evangeline to teach me. Now that he's gone, I've been exploring more, but she doesn't have all the answers either."
The absolute terror in her eyes tore at Nate. She started for the door. "I need to go. I can't do this."
He moved in front of her, searching her face. "One thing, Sav. If you choose Jay, make sure you are what he truly wants."
Pain floated over face before anger replaced it. "Thought you said you were still fighting for me."
He took a step closer. "Oh, I'm not done by a long shot. And with my father out of the picture, he can't hurt you. So, I'll let you go for now. One day you're going to wake up and realize I'm still in your heart no matter how much you want to hate me and how much you want to push me away. You can't. You've tried, and you still can't."
"Out!" she cried before turning away. Savon collapsed to her knees, covering her head.
The door flew open and a hundred hands pushed Nate back until he tumbled ass first out the door and down the stairs.
"Leave me alone!" she cried. 
The door slammed shut and the locks clicked, while she was facing away, huddled on the floor.
What the fuck was that?
Nate walked back to the door and felt something pushing at him. He knocked anyway.
"Just go away." Her sob ripped through him. Dropping his head, he left. 
Man, he'd made a mess of everything. But he hoped like hell time would bring her back to him.

* * * *

Savon held back the scream that wanted loose. His super hearing would make him come running. She couldn't deal with him yet, she needed to process everything he said, and he kept trying to touch her when she was barely holding in the warring emotions.
She couldn't always control the spirits around her on a good day, and she was seconds away from breaking. Maybe after she had time to think she could face him. But if he kept pushing, she wouldn't be able to stop what would happen.
Time and answers, that's what she needed. 
Was he right? Did she call him back?
She honestly didn't know.
He said Dreamwalker and Sleepwalker, but she didn't know what he meant.
So many damned questions. She hurried up the stairs and changed into skinny jeans, a tank top, and braided her hair back before slipping her combat boots on. Then she grabbed her phone and flopped back on the bed to call an old friend.
Tremaine picked up on the second ring, out of breath. "Hello?"
"Hey, Trem. Look, I need a huge favor. I need information on Dreamwalkers, and something they refer to as a Sleepwalker."
"What's going on, Savon?"
She drew a breath and let it out. "Look, it's a long story. I'll be up in Edenton probably tomorrow. Just for a night or two. I need the information before I figure out what to do, but I have two people I promised I'd see before I leave."
"Do I need to kick someone's ass? Like maybe Nikolai?"
She snorted. "Oh, I'm not sure that asshole is even still breathing, but I'm not worried about him. Look, we can talk when I get there."
"Where are you, Savon?"
She groaned. "Silvertail Ridge. I moved back home. Needed a break from the big city."
"You better damn well tell me everything," Tremaine insisted.
"I will. Hopefully, I'll have more details, because right now, there are too many missing pieces.
His voice lowered. "You're starting to worry me."
She snorted. "Warn Liz I'm coming. And make sure she knows I'm not after you. Please. I don't want her to get the wrong idea." Years ago, after her world fell apart completely, Tremaine helped put her back together. Sometime later, she wanted to feel something, only she quickly realized he was in love with Liz and bowed out before things got too awkward.
It had been too late. Things with Liz never went back to normal. Last she heard, they were together and another man filled their puzzle. Honestly, she was happy they found their place together. Maybe now Liz would let the past go.
Tremaine chuckled. "She's over that by now. And she asked about you the other day."
"Yeah, okay. I'll see you in the next twenty-four hours."
"Call me if you need help there. We can be there in a second."
"How?"
"I'll tell you about that later, but don't forget."
"Okay. I got to go."
"See you later." He hung up, and Savon hopped off the bed and hurried downstairs. 
Her promise ensured she met Jay. She found Jay standing by a Harley at precisely eight.
"Wasn't sure you'd come," he admitted.
She snorted. "Promised, didn't I? Plus, I want the real story."
"You'll have it." He handed over a helmet. "A warning. Your brother will likely pull us over."
A groan escaped. "Then don't break the law."
A chuckle rolled out of him as he threw a leg over the seat. "Come on. We'll go to a public diner and talk. Then, you can decide what you want."
Fuck, she didn't have a damned clue what she wanted.
"Don't trust him," the voice whispered.
She wanted to answer, but didn't want to look like a loon. Not yet.
"Thanks." She took the helmet, slid it on, and joined him on the back.
"Hold tight," he purred, revving the engine.
Savon leaned close, wrapping her arms around his waist and pressing against his back. Red swept through his aura, pulling at her own desire. A deep craving roared to life.
A sexy growl rumbled out of Jay. Her defiant side wanted to explore what he had to offer. There was a magnetic pull to Jay, but what she felt for Nate was so much stronger.
He flew out of the parking lot and tore off down the road. Sure enough, before they made it out of Silvertail Ridge, police lights flashed.
She snorted. "Told you not to break the law."
"He would have pulled me over anyway. May as well make the ticket worth it." Jay pulled to the side of the road. Savon sat back and glared her brother down as he walked to them.
He shook his head. "You're playing with fire, Sav."
"Just give him a ticket and let us go on our way."
Jay shrugged a shoulder. "It's okay. He does this every chance he gets. Doesn't change a damned thing."
"I could bring you in for reckless endangerment," Bran taunted.
"Seriously, Bran. Can you not be a dick?" Savon snapped.
His eyes narrowed at her. "I'm looking out for you."
"I don't need a babysitter."
"Fine, it's your life." He stormed back to his car and pulled away.
Chapter 10


Why was Savon so tense?
Jay couldn't help wondering how her morning started. He scented a hint of Nate on her. Not enough to suggest he took her to bed. She'd left the bar alone. Bran and Nate both stayed another hour before finally leaving.
And now, Savon was pissed.
He pulled alongside the caf. Savon climbed off the Harley and handed him the helmet. He clipped both to the seat and nodded to the door. "Thanks for getting me out of trouble with your brother."
"Yeah, I'm sure I'm going to be hearing about it soon." She looked away.
"Hey, I'm sorry. About last night, about your brother. Even about Nate. He seems to think-"
Her shoulders heaved in exasperation. "Stop right there. We're not discussing my brother or Nate. I'm pissed at them both. Now, you promised to explain what's going on in town. You can do that, or I'll call for a ride back to town because my tolerance for bullshit is at the blowing point."
He paused, considering his direction. He understood why she was pissed at Bran, but not Nate. Nate was extra cautious around her, avoiding swaying her decisions. What were Savon's motives.
"Part of what's going on in town involves them both."
Her gaze never wavered with her answer. "All right, then do me a favor. Don't act as if I'm on their side, or can be swayed. Lay out the facts."
Dipping his head, he started. "How much do you know about werewolves and our packs?"
A smirk played over her lips. "Enough. Was already told you challenged Killian for the Alpha position, and even though you killed him, you didn't become Alpha."
There was no judgment. Every new piece he learned about Savon intrigued Jay.
"Well, there are some older wolves who think that it's because he found a way to ensure Nate becomes Alpha. I don't know about that, but he was already back in town at the time of the challenge. I've never heard of a pack that could control who became the next Alpha in such a way."
One brow cocked. "Is it possible he's not dead?"
"He had an open casket funeral. He's very dead."
"Why open casket?"
Jay smirked. "To prove he was dead. The corpse was still a wolf. I tried to take the pack anyway. When my command wouldn't sway the majority of the wolves, they decided I wasn't Alpha. Nate hasn't stepped up. Bran has ensured that all but those loyal to me stay on Nate's side. The pack can't continue like this. There's too much discord."
"If he doesn't want the position, why won't they acknowledge you? Or is someone standing in the pack's way?"
"There's only one other who could possibly hold the position, besides Nate and me. Canagan. She's as old as Killian, but she's also a Sylvan Fae. She wants me to be Alpha, but she's losing patience since I haven't managed to take control of the pack."
"Maybe dig up Killian. If I understand pack magic right, there is no reason you shouldn't have become Alpha unless he's not dead, or you didn't fight fairly. And I was always told when werewolves die, they shift back to human. Something else must be going on."
She knew a hell of a lot more than most non-wolves. Hell, more than most wolves.
"We'd have to do it in secret. Nate won't agree to it."
Her head cocked. "You've asked?"
"Canagan did."
"And who is Canagan? I don't recall her."
"She keeps to herself mostly. Only deals with wolves, and only those of her choosing. She looks young. High school age. But she's thousands of years old. She happens to be a Sylvan Fae. Not much else is known about her, other than she appears to be a teenager because she was changed early, and often we never fully develop when changed before a certain point."
"I've heard stories about wolves changed too young but never encountered one."
"I've only met a few. I understand you're half Sylvan, and that's why Killian hated you."
"I'm sure there was more behind it."
"No, there are stories of Sylvan controlling werewolves and other shifters. Only the most powerful. Have any idea what your mother did to him?"
Savon let out a short laugh. "If she could avoid him, she did. Otherwise, she was pleasant. She was friends with his wife most of the way through school. Then Vanessa left. Killian was an asshole, and Nate and Bran were always close. He stayed over a lot."
Jay bit his tongue. Everyone knew Nate's first love was Savon. Then he disappeared. She was gone by the time he came back, and he wouldn't talk about her after.
The pieces were coming together.
Savon leaned forward. "How does a pack without an Alpha work?"
"Doesn't. Obviously."
She leaned back and looked out the window. "Find out why someone attempted to drug me?"
He rubbed at his neck. "Yeah. Canagan had two of her loyal werewolves attempt it. They claimed to want to help you land in my bed." He rubbed at his face. "The potion they used was poison. It strips inhibitions, but within forty-eight hours, you would have bled to death from every orifice. Neither Nolan, nor Cole, lived through the interrogation."
"Shit, so Canagan wants me out of the way?"
"I don't know what game Canagan is playing, but she's certainly not on my side. Maybe she's attempting to push both Nate and me into a battle. And if I could get Nate to listen to me, I'd talk it out with him, find out what he's planning, but the bastard wants nothing to do with me. Part of that might be Bran."
"Why do you say that?"
"I know Nate hates his father. I don't blame him either. Fucker needed to die. Bran seems to agree, but he hates me."
"Yeah, but why?"
"Your guess is as good as mine."
"I have to make a trip tonight, out of town. I may be gone a few days. Don't worry, I'm going to someone who might be able to find answers I won't here. When I get back, I'll see what Bran has to say. And if I can forgive Nate, I'll get him to talk to you. First, I need to let off some steam."
"Want me to teach Nate a lesson?"
She snorted. "I'm perfectly capable of dealing with him or anyone else."
"No doubt there. Still, whatever you want help with, simply ask. And if I find out another wolf is trying to harm you in any way, they will die."
"Don't keep me in the dark, Jay." Amusement sparkled through her stunning eyes.
"I won't. I have a feeling you're quite capable of taking care of yourself. Doesn't mean I won't help if I can."

* * * *

Jay hadn't earned her trust yet. Though, he was starting to get under her skin. That smile of his was endearing, when he wasn't being a cocky ass. And he freely offered answers to all of her questions.
The name Canagan rang a bell. Savon couldn't figure out why.
She leaned forward, running her fingers along the tabletop while the waiter walked their way. Jay grinned when she ordered sausage and eggs with a side of bacon. He ordered the same.
As soon as they were alone, she asked, "Why did you kill Killian?"
He took a slow breath. "You can't share this part of the story with your brother or Nate. Please."
"I'll never tell a soul."
"Killian ordered his second to find my pack and destroy us two hundred years ago. His enforcers killed my mate, my family, my small pack. They raped and killed the women, butchered the men and children. I killed the enforcers, but the second escaped. I went after the second a month later and learned Killian was the one to give the order, but he was in hiding after his enforcers all died. I destroyed his second and disappeared until five years ago. I came back to watch and see. I wanted to make sure Killian was the monster I believed. When no one would take the pack from him, I did-or tried. I don't know why I'm not the Alpha."
Nodding, she smiled. "Enough about that. Why don't you tell me about what's happened in town since you moved to Silvertail Ridge?"
Unfortunately, Jay's connections were pretty much everyone she wanted to avoid, but it still painted an interesting picture in her head. By the time food came and they were done, she was ready to go home.
The trip back was faster. She climbed off the back, but he wrapped a hand around her hip and drew her closer.
"Hey, you don't have to run off yet," he purred.
"I do. An old friend is coming to see my art in person." She stepped away.
He followed her, swinging his leg off the seat and closing the distance. His hands closed around her waist as he pulled her against his body. Jay leaned down and brushed his lips over her ear, sending a shiver down her spine.
He whispered, "Tell me you feel what's brewing between us."
Tempting, but she had too much to sort out. She slid her hands up his chest to keep the distance and his muscles jumped under her touch.
"Jay, I'm not ready for a man in my life," she answered.
He pressed closer, a smile on his lips as his thumbs grazed the skin under the hem of her shirt. "Don't need serious, but I crave you. Let me make you feel good."
Desire rushed through her, but it wasn't enough. She slipped away from him, trying to get a bearing on her screwed up head. "Not ready for that, Jay. I need to sort out too much to add to the mess."
His eyes never left hers. "You said you wanted fun. We could have a lot of that."
"Your kind of fun comes with trouble." She wasn't ready for any kind of attachment, and one had already started to form.
"Thought you said you like trouble."
"Need to find answers before that. You said you wouldn't push." She stepped toward the street, watching him. The spirits were quiet. Maybe they weren't warning her about Jay.
The attraction between them grew stronger every time he got close. So did the guilt that she was somehow betraying Nate by entertaining the thought of exploring anything with Jay.
Why was everything so damned messy? She moved to get away from chaos, but things were even more complicated in her hometown than in the city.
He grinned. "Go, but don't forget I want to know you. Sooner or later you're going to realize you want me too. I'll be waiting." 
That sounded like a promise. Cocky bastard.

Chapter 11


The doorbell rang. Sighing, Savon dropped the paintbrush and hurried downstairs. Frannie stood on her porch with a smile and another lunch basket. "Forget about me?"
Savon blew a stray piece of hair out of her face and nodded inside. "Got distracted. Sorry. Come in."
"Bad time?"
"Um?no?" Her face scrunched. "Maybe. It's fine, though."
"What's going on?"
Savon looked around and sighed. "Nate's been stalking my dreams for years. He's my brother's half-brother, which makes my brother only half. There's some war going on between Nate and Jay, but Nate doesn't want to lead the pack, so why stand in Jay's way? What the fuck did I walk in on when I moved back? I thought I was slipping away to have some normalcy for a bit, and I'm right in the middle of chaos-as fucking usual."
Frannie walked past her and placed the basket on the counter. "All right. At least Nate told you, finally."
"That damned prick and my asshole brother kept it from me. Maybe it wouldn't hurt so damned bad if someone told me something back when he woke up from the coma."
"You know that Nate is still in love with you, don't you?"
"Please don't, Fran. I can't go there right now. He doesn't have a damned clue what I've been through. He doesn't know what I lost when he disappeared."
Pain washed over her, through her. Savon sank onto a chair and closed her eyes, holding back the tears that threatened to fall. "Fuck, I don't want to feel anymore." Pushing away the pain was so much safer than giving in to it.
"What did you lose?"
"Doesn't matter." Savon shot to her feet and hurried up the stairs, running from memories best left buried.
Frannie followed. "Are you okay, Savon?"
"No. I feel like I'm in a game of tug-a-war. I don't want to be the rope. I don't know what they want, but I'm not giving it to either."
Frannie shook her head, taking Savon's hands. "Nate doesn't want to use you. But he does need you to find the confidence to do what's right."
"He's kept too many secrets for too damned long. At least Jay is willing to answer my questions. But right now, I wish I had never moved back. I never would have if Nikolai hadn't dragged me into a mess I wanted no part of."
"Nikolai?"
"Shit, forget about him. He's not important." Only he was. Savon thought she killed her most recent ex, but she didn't stick around to make sure. She knew the asshole was a mercenary, but she never imagined he was part of the Dark Templar, or after something to help the Burning Dawn. A ritual to rip this world apart and bring another one into existence.
Savon stepped past Frannie and opened the door to her old bedroom. It had become her studio. There were paintings stacked against the walls, hung, and in the closet. There were some in Bran's old room and in the guest room. And even more in storage back in San Francisco.
"You wanted to see?" Savon redirected, hoping to kill any conversation about Nate or warnings about Jay, and especially anything to do with her most current mistake. Men, the root of all her problems.
Frannie's jaw dropped as she moved forward to a painting Savon meant to burn, but couldn't bring herself to do it. It was the reminder that she had everything she wanted and it was shattered before it had a chance.
Rubbing her round belly, Frannie sank to her knees as she stared at the painting of a chubby baby snuggled next to a woman asleep on her side. Her hair lay across her face so the viewer couldn't tell it was Savon.
"It's beautiful," Frannie whispered.
"It's yours," Savon answered immediately, blinking back tears. She couldn't stand the vision of all she wanted after her little girl died.
Emotions rolled through her. Turning, Savon silently fled to the kitchen where she climbed onto a stool and stared out the window. She needed to forget that desperate, lovesick girl she'd once been.
Maybe the answers her parents left weren't worth the heartache. She should have said to hell with it all and moved farther away. Another country, across the sea, where memories couldn't push her back into that dark hole she crawled out of when she lost the baby.
Savon dropped her head onto her arms and inhaled slowly before pushing the air out of her lungs.
"What inspired that painting, Savon?"
Sitting up, she turned to face Frannie. "Don't remember."
"I don't believe you."
"Hurts too bad to go there. Please, take the painting. You're doing me a favor."
"You can talk to me," Frannie urged.
"Don't want to tap into that place. Please. Help me keep it buried by taking the painting."
Her brow pinched. "And if you change your mind?"
"I won't. I can always paint a new one. And now, it's just a reminder I wish I could forget."
"If you ever want it back, tell me."
"No, I think it fits you better. Please, take it. Give it a good home where it belongs. Because it never belonged with me."
Frannie wrapped her arms around her, and Savon hugged her back. "I wish I knew how to reach you," Frannie whispered.
"I was never very chatty when it came to my problems. You know that."
"Yeah, but I'll always be here for you, Sav."
"Thanks. Look, I need to be somewhere. I should change and get going. You're welcome to look some more."
"You coming back?" Frannie asked.
She nodded. "At least for a little while."
"I saw the bag you packed."
"I need to sort my head, and that's not happening here. I need a couple days without the bullshit. Okay?"
"You have my number, right?"
"I do. But you're part of all of this. Right now, I need outside perspective. I'll be back. I promise."
"Better be." Frannie picked up the painting and frowned. "You're sure about me taking this? It's beautiful and I can feel the emotion behind it."
"Very. I can't stand looking at it." Savon offered a smile.
"All right. I'll see you soon." She slipped through the door.
Savon smiled at the basket and grabbed it, hurrying to catch Frannie. "Wait, you left this."
She shook her head. "Keep it. Maybe it will help on your trip."
"Thanks."
Frannie dipped her head. "I hope you remember there are people in this town who love you and want you whole. We miss you."
Her? Or who she used to be? Because she wasn't that girl anymore. A stranger moved back.

* * * *

Her jeep was gone. Nate knew she was pissed. Savon had every right to be. Shit, there had to be a better way to tell her, but she was stubborn to her core.
Bran burst through the door. "What the fuck did you do to piss her off so damned bad?"
"Told her the damned truth-like Frannie convinced me to do. And now, she's running."
"You know who she was with this morning?"
"Jay?" Nate bit out.
"Yeah, wrapped around him on his death rocket. I wanted to strangle her so bad I didn't even write the asshole a ticket for going sixty in a forty."
"She has to come to her own conclusion about Jay and about me. I fucked up a hundred ways. You're right. I should have gone to her. Look, maybe it's too late for us."
"You're a fucking moron. It's time for you to make her listen."
"Did that this fucking morning. Blew up in my face. Now I'm trying to figure out my next move."
A laugh escaped Bran as he walked to the kitchen. "You haven't given up yet?"
"Would you stop? You're her brother. You could have told her that you share my father, not hers. Could have mentioned that Dad forbade me to go to her."
"Neither of you were in the same city. If you had gone to her early, she would have listened to you. No one else. And the reason she's pissed as hell is because she isn't over you."
"Have any idea where she went?"
Bran grabbed a couple beers from the fridge and walked back. "North. That's it. But I don't know what friends she kept in San Francisco. She doesn't talk about it. I know next to nothing about her life after she left." He handed Nate one.
"Have any advice?" Nate set the bottle on the end table and dropped back, rubbing his face. "Why the hell am I asking you?"
"You know I have your back. Besides, she promised Frannie she'd be back. And she says you should look at the painting she gave her. Something familiar about it." Bran tipped his head and glanced away. "There's more I think you should see."
Before Nate could think to say anything, Bran placed his beer on the table and started out the door, on his way to Savon's.
Nate caught up at the porch. "We shouldn't."
"I have the key. And we aren't taking anything, but you need to see this."
Bran rushed across the yards and into the house, taking the stairs two at a time. In his old room, he went straight for the closet. "Check that out and tell me what you see."
The paintings were behind a door, out of sight. Every one of them were of him in brilliant colors with such agony in his eyes he felt the pain. He was always reaching for her. She locked him away.
"So what? I have a dozen of these same paintings."
"She loves you, Nate. She never stopped. You have to get her to forgive you."
"And if she doesn't?"
"She will. She can't run forever."
Nate wasn't so sure about that. He walked out of the house and went home.

* * * *

Jay stepped into his den. Six wolves sat around the living room, waiting.
Clay stood up. "She's with them," he growled. "We need her out of the way. Canagan provided you the perfect means to destroy the hot piece of ass after having some fun, and you killed the two wolves who helped her."
Jay stalked toward Clay, grabbed him by the shirt, and lifted him to his feet. "Want to suffer the same fate as Cole and Nolan?"
He shook his head. "Feelings for the troublemaker?" Clay challenged. "You realize the draw to her has everything to do with her Sylvan nature. Just like her cunt of a mother. Why do you think Killian couldn't resist Fawn's charm?"
Jay snorted. "He resisted Canagan just fine."
Clay shook his head, an evil glint to his gunmetal gray eyes. "You clearly don't know how she got her start. Canagan was purely Sylvan when Killian got his hands on her. She was still a girl. He wanted her. She resisted. She called wolves to her when he tore her dress away. He shifted to his half-beast form and nearly tore her in half when he took her against her will. He sliced into her with teeth, with claws and nearly broke her body in the process, but he changed her. She bound him to her. She can't kill him without dying herself, and vice versa. Which is why she wanted you to kill him for her."
"Do you honestly trust a woman who can control you?" Jay snarled at Clay.
"Not much choice in the matter now, is there? And you're doing the same with Savon," he challenged, his eyes burning bright.
"Stay out of my business. I will have Savon. She will choose me."
He snorted. "You can't trust Savon. Nate nearly nailed her on her front door her first night back."
Jay shook his head. "He wants her, but he broke her trust. She's not going back to him. I know what she wants."
Canagan stepped into the room. "Doubtful. Some women may like a man to take control and tell them what they want, but she knows her will. She's not a submissive wolf. She is fierce and has many allies, all of whom you should be focused on breaking."
And what if the real enemy all along was Canagan? Yes, Killian needed to be put down, but Canagan pulled too many strings in the pack.
He pushed away the anger and faced Canagan. "What are you suggesting?"
"If you can claim her, do it fast, but don't expect her to roll over. And trust me, don't force yourself on her. She won't have a problem destroying you. She nearly killed her last lover for trying to force her into a position she refused to be in. And if you aren't careful, she'll take Nate back. He's patient and he's willing to fight for her."
So far, he hadn't seen that. Nate continued to pussy-foot around. "I'm not worried about her running to Nate. I've gained her trust. But you need to stay out of it, unless you want Nate to come after you when you kill the woman who rules his heart."
"Then deal with her. But tread carefully. Savon isn't what you think."
Jay snorted. "She's part sorceress, part Sylvan. Means her magic is diluted."
Shaking her head, Canagan smirked. "Oh no, in some cases a hybrid's magic is enhanced. She's one of those. And I watched her with you. She's smart and knows how to dig for information. You're as much a game to her as she's a pawn on your board with Nate."
Clay leaned forward. "She's right. That spell Savon slung at me hurt. Badly. She may be playing you."
"She's not on anyone's side yet," Jay countered. "That's why I need to have her on mine."
Tommy spoke up, "Tell us what you need. We'll do what we can."
"Good luck planning," Canagan added. "You'll have some time. She fled Silvertail Ridge for the moment."
"She left?" Jay asked.
"She'll be back. And I believe I can help her find what she's searching for. If she'll trust me. Then, perhaps, you'll have your chance with her." Canagan walked out the back door.
Jay glared after her.
Clay cleared his throat. "She wants to see the pack take a better direction than Killian's."
Not a chance. She just wanted to run it. Jay turned to Clay. "Stay away from Savon, or I'll destroy you."
"Even if she chooses Nate?"
"She won't," Jay promised. He felt the connection. Even if she wasn't ready, it was there.
Chapter 12


Nate rode the high of making love to Savon for the first time. It was messy, but they figured it out, and she clung to him long after. 
Love, that was all he felt.
At least until he walked through the door and his father's hand wrapped around his throat, lifting him off his feet to slam him against the wall as he threw the door shut.
"I smell the little cunt on you. I've told you a million times you cannot have her! She will ruin everything I've worked so hard for."
Nate clawed at his father's hands, trying to pry his fingers loose.
Dad pulled him away from the wall and slammed him back again. His vision dimmed on impact.
"Don't tell me you love her. She's not yours, she'll never be yours, and I'll do everything in my power to prevent you from taking her as a mate," he snarled.
"Not werewolf-never gonna be," Nate gasped out.
Dad tossed him to the floor with a snarl. "Still too young, but you will be a wolf one day. Even if I have to hunt you down and change you myself, you will be a wolf so nothing can take you from me."
Nate pulled himself up the stairs and Dad's foot landed against the small of his back, making him hit the step face first.
Shooting to his feet, he ran up the stairs, into his room, and slammed the door shut.
Tears filled his eyes as he slid down the wall, trying to catch his breath and push away the pain.
Their voices were dampened, but he didn't miss his mother's snarl. "Let him find his own peace. You want a son to take your place, then let him have the girl."
"I won't let him make my same mistakes. No more Sylvan Fae getting in our heads, twisting it all around. He will not have Savon, even if I have to slaughter her and her mother."
She snorted. "You and I both know you'll never harm Fawn, which means you will stay away from Savon."
Nate got his eyes open to find Savon's ghostly image kneeling in front of him with tears in her eyes. She faded away when he reached for her.
Nate bolted out of sleep, sitting ramrod straight as tears streamed down his face. She came to his dream, something she'd never done.
Maybe now she could see the position he'd been in. Could she forgive him for the terrible choices he'd made?

* * * *

Savon sat in her Jeep, staring at the door of A Good Book. Maybe Nate was right, maybe she pulled him into her dreams as much as he pulled her.
Was that truly his past? Why hadn't he told her any of that? She knew Killian was an asshole, but not the extent.
Shaking off Nate's memories, she walked into the book store, hoping to find some clarity.
One corner of Tremaine's mouth lifted "Hey, Sav. What's going on? Why did you go back to Silvertail Ridge?"
"Wanted a change of scenery, and Old Lady Murdock told me I'd find answers. Seems all I've found are more questions."
"Have you looked?"
"Not yet. I'm not even sure where to start. I was hoping you could help me sort through my mess. You're good at that."
He motioned for her to take a seat. "Start with why Nate disappeared in the first place."
Smiling, she climbed onto a stool. "Tea first. Then I'll tell you everything I know."
Liz strolled in with a blond man in a suit. That had to be their third. And with the three of them in the room she realized their aura had a shade the three of them shared. Though Robert was a mystic. His aura had an iridescent quality she'd only seen around Old Lady Murdock and the boy she raised.
Savon tipped her head, looking from one to the other and back at Tremaine. "Interesting. Most soul mates tend to gain a shade in their aura, something unique to their bond. I've never seen it in your situation."
"Should I be worried about that?" Liz asked.
"No, sorry, you know me. I tend to blurt things out around those I trust. But honest, it's a good thing, and it's funny because I noticed a hue Tremaine and you shared when I first met you both, but it's more vibrant now than it was then." She looked at the blond. "I'm Savon, by the way." She held out her hand.
Smiling, he shook it. "Robert. I understand you're an old friend of Tremaine and Liz."
Savon turned to her.
Liz nodded, the corners of her mouth tipping up. "We had a misunderstanding once upon a time, but I'd like to think we're friends."
"Me too."
"Told you, nothing to worry about," Tremaine teased. "And perhaps they can help us figure out what Old Lady Murdock thought you'd find. But I still want the whole story." He pushed the drink to her.
Savon started at the beginning, with what led her to Old Lady Murdock in the first place. Nate's proposal and disappearance. Killian's refusal to tell her anything about Nate. Then everything Nate told her about the coma, the threat. She explained about him being a Dreamwalker. About him being Bran's half-brother. And what she knew about Killian, Canagan, and the rest of the crazy wolves.
The more she told them, the worse she felt about running. Nate tried, and she never gave him a chance. His way protected her.
That damned dream-was Killian that horrible to Nate? If so, he had every reason to be terrified if he threatened her life. What a fucking mess she'd made.
Savon fell silent, her thoughts drifting.
A month passed and Nate didn't come home.
Savon sat at the edge of the stairs, listening to her parents' quiet argument in their room.
"She's never going to move on," Dad said softly.
"Killian doesn't want Nate anywhere near her. He did something to his own child."
"He's many things, but I can't see him hurting his own son."
"Just like he couldn't hurt me?" she hissed. "He swore he loved me, and look what he did."
Dad sighed. "You picked me. He was never good at losing."
"He took a mate. I left. He turned into a monster. What if Nate turns into him? Maybe it's best he's gone."
Savon's hand went to her chest as she silently slipped down the stairs and out the door. She needed answers and no one would tell her anything. She walked over to Nate's house and pounded on the door.
No one answered, so she kept knocking and continued for five minutes.
Finally, Killian threw the door open. "What the hell do you want?"
She glared up at him, challenging the hatred burning in deep blood red around him. "Where is Nate? Is he alive?" she demanded.
"You're nothing but trouble, Savon Roantree. Get the hell off my property."
"I love him! Just tell me if he's alive."
He shook his head and shut the door in her face.
She slammed her hands on the door and screamed.
There were a series of crashes and he howled like a damned beast.
A familiar disembodied voice whispered, "Run, Savon. Go. He'll tear you to shreds."
She'd been across the yard by the time he followed, blood running down his face and arm. He didn't move past the fence, though. "You should have been the one to die," he hissed.
In that moment, Savon decided to move to San Francisco to get away from everything. If Nate lived, he'd find her, or so she thought.
Two weeks after moving to San Francisco, Savon sat down in the book store, happiness floating through her.
She still had no word about Nate. Bran didn't have any news.
But she was having his baby. A piece of him would live on, even if he didn't.
Tremaine took a seat next to her. "Finally took a test?"
She nodded.
"Can I ask who your little girl's daddy is?"
"Girl?" Savon blinked, staring at Tremaine.
A single corner of his mouth tipped up. "I'm never wrong when it comes to a baby's gender."
"Was kind of hoping for a boy. Her father's dead and gone." Emptiness tried to sweep up and over her. She clung to the seed of Nate growing inside, pushing happiness through her.
"What happened to him?"
"Not sure. He proposed, then disappeared. He wouldn't have left me that way. He couldn't have."
"You're sure?"
Savon dropped her gaze. Almost two months had passed and no one knew anything. "Something happened to him. I don't know what. But he's gone, and I can't wait forever."
"And your girl?"
Savon smiled, pressing a hand over her stomach. "At least I have a part of him." A tear fell.
Tremaine put an arm around her. "I'm all ears if you need someone to listen."
She nodded, but didn't want to say more at the time. She lost the baby a few days later and all hell broke loose. Tremaine helped her put the pieces back together.
"Hey, Savon. Where'd you go?" Tremaine asked, holding her hand. He'd moved to the stool beside her.
"Did I lose my baby girl because he came back?"
He shook his head. "No. It wasn't his fault. That I blame on your father. Your magic tore free and it wasn't pretty, but Nate didn't know about you being pregnant, any more than you knew he was alive."
"Why did I run yesterday?" Savon whispered. "I finally listened to him and ran anyway."
Liz took the seat on her other side. "You were afraid. Everything fell apart. I get that better than you can imagine. Got to let that go. Trust me."
"She's right," Tremaine answered. "You have every right to be hurt, but I have a feeling he's hurting too. You need to talk to him, let it all out."
Savon swallowed hard. "What if he's mad? He didn't come to my dream last night. I wound up in his, and I think it was a memory of when we were kids."
"He was giving you space. Now that you know what he is, and you pointed out he's been stalking you, he likely feels like an asshole."
She dropped her head into her hands and both of them wrapped an arm around her.
Liz spoke up, "At least you figured it out faster than I did." She looked up at Robert with a sad smile. "Might not be easy, but talk to Nate."
"I will, but I still need to know what he meant about being his Sleepwalker. And do you know anything about Canagan? Something about that name rings a bell, but I can't figure out what."
"If she's who I think, she's old." Tremaine scrubbed a hand over his face. "And bad news. What's Nate's last name? Who was his father?"
"Killian Taggert. I know he was extremely old, but not how old."
Tremaine pressed at his temples. "Why didn't Old Lady Murdock ever mention that?"
"What?"
"Shit, there's more going on, and I don't know what I can actually tell you about the bigger picture, but you need the part that affects you."
"Bigger picture?" Savon asked.
Liz nodded. "Yeah, look, it's complicated, and you have my word if I can tell you, I will."
"All right, so what can you tell me?"
"Canagan was a Sylvan Fae before being turned into a werewolf," Tremaine explained. "She was a teenager when Killian took her as payment to keep her family safe. He changed her, raped her, and she's wanted to destroy him ever since."
"Why didn't he kill her if she was causing him trouble?"
Tremaine snorted, "The magic she wove around Killian backfired, tying her as thoroughly to him as he to her. If she kills him, she dies, and vice versa. Someone else can kill them and it breaks the spell. Bastard has lived three thousand years and has been challenged by many. No one has ever killed him."
Savon tapped the counter. "Jay thinks he killed him. He didn't become Alpha, though, and Killian's body didn't shift back to human when the wolf died."
Liz rubbed at her forehead. "Give us the address in case we need to come to you."
Tremaine pushed over a pen and paper. "As soon as we know more, you'll have answers."
"And, Savon," Liz urged, "tell Nate about the baby. Sorry I couldn't help you through that, but it hit too close to my past. I've been there, and you will feel better once he knows." Liz squeezed her shoulder. "Trust me."
Blinking, Savon nodded.
"In the meantime, there's a Dreamwalker down the road who could answer your questions. I think you'll feel better hearing it from one than us," Tremaine told her. "I can take you."
"Thank you." She took a long sip of her tea. "Guess I have some talking to do when I get back."
Robert changed the subject. "What can you tell us about the one who attempted to take the pack?"
"Australian accent. He feels old. Not Killian old, but definitely an older wolf. Jay Walker."
"I may be able to find some information about him," Robert offered.
"I guess I'll be hearing from one of you soon?"
"You will," Robert assured.
Savon turned to Tremaine. "And you'll take me to the Dreamwalker?"
"You got it." He hopped up and followed her to the door. "We'll get your answers, Savon."
"That's why I came to you."

Chapter 13


Jay pulled into the hospital and stormed up to Nate's office. He didn't bother knocking. Instead, he barged in.
Nate looked up from the chart in his hands and let out a heavy sigh. "What do you want, Jay?"
"For you to leave Savon alone."
Nate's eyes narrowed. "Not a chance in hell."
"Didn't think so." Jay slammed the door shut and closed the distance. "You hurt her, and I will show you pain."
Nate dropped the clipboard on the desk and pushed into Jay's space, glaring eye to eye. "Same goes for you, asshole."
"She doesn't trust you. You've already torn her apart," Jay growled.
Pure fury rolled through Nate, and Jay almost backed off at the snarled reply, "Fuck off, Jay. She'll make her own choice with all the facts. And if you think you're sweeping in while she's vulnerable, you're dead fucking wrong."
Jay went below the belt. "She doesn't need a weak bastard who can't get his priorities straight. You let her go. She doesn't want you."
"You don't have the slightest inkling what my priorities are, or why I stayed away from her all these years. You may have killed my father, but you aren't man enough to be Alpha. Now get the hell out of my office before I show you every door on your way out."
A shudder traveled through Jay. He stormed from the room, seething. Maybe Nate wasn't the coward he thought. But Jay wasn't letting Savon go without trying to get through to her before Nate sank his claws into her.

* * * *

Savon sat at the bar in the town before Silvertail Ridge. She was a damned mess. Her heart wanted to mend, which meant falling into Nate's arms and begging forgiveness.
His father kept them apart. Not Nate.
She waved the bartender over. "Double shot of Chase vodka, please."
The woman filled her glass and leaned against the counter. "Man trouble?"
"Yeah, you could say that."
"Should try a walk on the other side."
She managed a smile. "Tried that, didn't help. Besides, I need the courage to admit I was wrong." She took a slow breath and let it out. "Got to figure out what to say."
The woman smiled. "Well, if that's the case, just tell him what's in your heart."
"Not sure I know how to stop running." She dropped her gaze. "How can nothing change in twelve years? He feels the same, and I'm afraid to figure out if I do."
"Usually means you do."
She wished she didn't.
Someone sat down next to Savon and the bartender gave her a smile before wandering down the counter.
"Hey, gorgeous. I want to talk to you."
She swiveled the stool to face Jay. Her heart thundered in her chest. "How did you find me?"
His brow pinched. "Not happy to see me?"
Savon tossed the shot back. She wasn't sure how to answer that without coming off like a cold, heartless bitch. Instead, she gave him the truth. "I stopped here because I wasn't ready to deal with anyone in Silvertail Ridge."
"Look, before Nate gets a chance, you should know-"
She covered his mouth. "Jay, shut up. I don't need you telling me what I need to know."
He took her hand. "I wasn't going to say a word about Nate."
"You did."
He shook his head. "Not how you think. Before he has a chance to tell you what he's feeling, you should understand something. There's a connection between us. And I get it, you aren't ready to explore that, but keep it in mind. I want you, all of you, and that's only going to grow. You feel it too."
She dug out a twenty and dropped the bill on the counter before sliding from the stool and walking for the door.
Jay followed on her heels. Outside, he gently took her arm, turning her to face him. "I'm not being an asshole. I'm telling you we have the potential to be so much more than what you had with Nate."
"Jay, stop. I'm not an idiot. I hear what you're saying. Right now, I can't. There's too much other stuff going on, and I can't add to it."
Searching her face, he offered a sad smile. "I want a chance, Savon. I'm not the fool who will let you go. I'll fight for you. But I'm not pushing. I see the pain in your eyes. I want to take it away."
She let out a strangled cry. "You can't." It physically hurt to walk away. He was right, there was a connection, but it didn't compare to the ache building for Nate.

* * * *

He'd stalked her in dreams for years-why not real life?
Nate needed to talk to Savon, and if that meant camping out on her porch until she finally showed up, so be it.
He managed to stay away from her dreams one night-barely. And she wound up in one of his worst memories.
At ten she pulled into her driveway, parked her car, and climbed out.
He shot to his feet and their eyes locked as she stepped toward the house.
Her breath caught. "Nate?"
"Needed to see you, even if you slap me, push me out, whatever. I needed you-to see you."
"We need to talk." A yawn escaped her lips.
"Where were you?" he asked, emotion bleeding into his voice.
"I needed to think. Went to friends. I'm sorry." Her shoulders dropped as she walked to the door and let them in. "You know why I was so mad?"
"Why?" he whispered.
Tears welled up in her eyes when she looked up at him. "You were gone. Your father wouldn't tell me if you were alive. I left because I was going crazy sitting in my room, staring at your house every single day waiting for you. So, I left. Went to school, hoping you'd find your way to me. Then you didn't. I thought you were dead. And I found out-shit." She moved to the couch and dropped onto a cushion, staring out the window.
"Sav, I'm sorry, baby. I wanted to come to you. If I had, he would have destroyed you."
She placed her fingers on his mouth and shook her head. "Shut up, Nate. Let me get this out."
He nodded, his heart thumping in his chest. Her pain bit into him and she took a deep breath before releasing it slowly.
"I found out I was pregnant after I got to San Francisco. I was so happy with the news. I figured you were dead, gone, and I had a piece of you." Tears leaked down her face.
Confusion set in, but the need to comfort her pushed that aside as he dried her face.
She continued, "You'd started coming to me in my dreams, and I didn't understand. I thought your ghost was haunting me, or my cruel imagination was trying to twist the happiness out of me, but I hung on to the fact I had your little girl growing inside me and I fought to be happy with that."
He cupped her cheek, pulling her closer. She moved into his arms, burying her head. "I'm sorry," he whispered.
"You appeared in my shower that first time. Only a few seconds. I thought you were a ghost. You said you loved me. Then you disappeared, and I started screaming. Pain washed through me as everything in my apartment moved. I didn't understand it at the time, but something inside me snapped. My magic broke loose. I lost her, Nate. I lost you, then her, and my world fell apart."
"Oh, God, I'm sorry." He rubbed his hands up and down her back.
"Then Bran said you were back but not coming for me, and I lost it. I couldn't deal. You didn't attempt to call me, to find me. Nothing. You were there in my dreams, taunting me, pushing me further into this spiraling depression. Shit, I didn't get it. I pushed you away and I'm sorry. I was so terrified I'd lose myself in that dark pit and never climb out. When Bran finally tried to tell me what happened it hurt too much to hear your name because I already knew you weren't coming. I'm sorry I shut down, but it was the only way to cope."
He felt every ounce of her pain, cutting him deeper than anything he'd ever felt. "You wanted her?"
Her hazel eyes glowed with a million shades. "So much. I wanted to hold onto you even when I didn't think you were coming back. Then you were there, and I thought you were a ghost."
"I didn't know," he whispered. "I'm sorry."
She shook her head. "It wasn't you. I mean seeing you might have shattered what was holding back the power inside, but it was my father's fault, and I still don't understand a damned thing. He didn't want me to access the other side of any veil. He wanted me locked firmly in this world."
"What are you talking about?"
"He was supposed to be the most powerful sorcerer, and he was afraid of my power. There are answers here. It's part of why I came back, but I haven't found anything yet. I'm scared he thought I was a monster, and that maybe he was right."
"You're not a monster, Savon. You never were."
"I'm not normal. When I lose my shit, every unseen being taps into my emotion, and things get ugly. I was a mess after I lost her. I couldn't control my emotions. Little things would set me off, and I blamed you because I didn't know what happened, and I was hurting so damned bad I refused to even hear your name."
"Shh, Savon, I'm sorry."
"Stop saying that. I'm sorry because I couldn't understand this morning. I was looking at it all wrong. All I could see was you holding on when I was trying to let go. You were trying to protect me, and I couldn't understand why you didn't come, but you did-every single night. And the more you reached for me this morning the more I pushed you away. I was running scared because I was a ticking time bomb."
"What do you mean?"
"The more you pushed, the more it hurt. I needed to process and you kept going. The spirits wanted you away from me, they were trying to protect me. I needed you to go before I lost it."
"What would have happened?" he asked softly.
"Looked like a hurricane blew through my apartment when I miscarried. Everything was thrown around. And I had no clue what had happened. Had someone been in the apartment, they would have hurled everything at the person. Some friends helped me learn some form of control, but because neither of them is what I am, they could only offer guidance. Unfortunately, the only other sorcerers I knew wouldn't come near me because they were afraid."
"Hey, we'll figure it out, Savon. Together. If you'll let me."
"I'm broken, Nate. I'm sorry I couldn't let you in. I didn't know what you were, that you were there for me. I thought-shit, I thought I was torturing myself, which only made it all worse."
"I tried to reach you. God knows I tried."
"What if I'm just a monster, Nate? What if what I am is so horrible that my father wanted it locked away so I wouldn't suffer?"
"You're not a monster. You're special, that's all. You see the world through a different filter. So what if the spirits interact with you?"
"They aren't all good. I don't let them in. I try to limit what happens around them. It's not always easy."
He scooped her into his arms and carried her up to her room. "Can I hold you? If nothing else, I need to be here with you. You scared me so damned bad when you threw me out and ran."
"I didn't throw you out. The spirits were protecting me. I couldn't stop them, didn't want to. I needed time to make sense of everything you said."
He nodded. "I needed you to understand."
"I do now. And I want you to stay, if you don't hate me for pushing you away so long. I want to burrow into your arms and not feel broken."
Nate pulled her closer. "Could never hate you, Savon. We can figure this out tomorrow. Okay?"
She nodded against his chest. A yawn escaped, muffled by her hand.
"Why so tired?"
"Drove all day to come back to you. Needed to tell you I'm sorry."
"No more apologies. I'm here and I'm not letting you go again." He kissed her head and lay down with her in his arms. If he had his way, he was never letting go again.
Chapter 14


Bran happened to be on his porch, glaring at his phone when Clay crept by on foot. Bran froze, silencing his phone as the bastard continued down the sidewalk, toward Savon's home.
The asshole had already been chased off her property once. And the dumbass couldn't hear for shit, unlike most werewolves, but he'd lost a good portion of his hearing in World War II.
Killian often recruited battle hardened werewolves.
Bran moved silently as Clay ventured onto a path leading into the woods near Savon's house. The fool never realized Bran was closing in.
Clay moved past the tree line and prowled across Savon's yard. He reached the porch and took a step but was flung to the ground. She'd mentioned wards, but he'd never heard of anything so powerful.
Bran ran forward with a snarl. "What the fuck are you doing?"
Rolling to his feet, Clay shifted to half beast, tearing at his clothes as he crouched low.
Bran shifted too, prepared for battle.
Clay shot forward, whipping his claws out. Bran caught his arm and shoved him forward, face first to the ground. He rolled as Bran straddled his waist and gripped his throat in a furry clawed hand. "What do you want with Savon?"
"Going to kill you, then fuck Savon so hard she's in pieces," he snarled.
Bran punched his claws into Clay's chest and ripped down his belly with a snarl. "Touch my sister and I'll feed you to Canagan's wolves."
Clay rolled him to his back and raked his claws across his chest. Bran flung his arm away and rolled again, climbing on top to swing one fist after another at Clay's face until bones broke and blood leaked from cuts.
Long after Clay stopped fighting and slipped out of consciousness, Bran sat back on his heels. He took in the damage and groaned.
Clay was a mess. One that needed to be put back together. And Nate was in Savon's house. Bran could always identify the wolves in the pack. Even before he'd become a werewolf, thanks to his mother's gifts.
Bran climbed to his feet, plotting out how to get the asshole into the secret cell in the precinct before he woke. The way things stood in the pack, he didn't want to alarm the rest of the wolves.

* * * *

Savon lay in the circle of Nate's arms under the willow tree. A smile graced her lips as she rolled over to find him still dressed, watching her with such patience. "You're here."
"Never left you for any longer than I had to. You call to me."
"Can't help it. Never got over you." She snuggled closer, letting his warmth seep in. "We're still in bed, huh?"
"Yeah, but this was our place. Yours and mine. Maybe why I bring you out here so often in our dreams. Hoping you'll understand and give me a chance to talk."
"Sorry. After everything I've learned, you'd think I could have figured out you were really there." She snorted. "Never heard of a Dreamwalker, though."
"There aren't a lot of us. Apparently, my mother was." He pressed his forehead to hers. "She told me to never let my father know I had the gift. I never understood why."
"Maybe we can find that answer too."
"Not sure I care."
"I know you don't want to hear this, but he may still be alive."
He shook his head.
Savon sat up and faced him, so he did too. She took his hands. "Think about it. When someone challenges the Alpha and wins, they become Alpha. Jay won, your father supposedly died, yet Jay isn't the Alpha. There can only be one explanation that makes any damned sense. He's alive. Somewhere. And I have some friends who are trying to get me some answers. Which means, we may be closer to figuring out that part of our problem."
"I want him to be dead. I'm not sure I can win against him, and I'm not willing to walk away again."
"Shit, Nate, slow down, babe. I'm not ready for a mate bond. There are things we need to discuss first. You may not want what comes with it."
"I'd have you, forever. What's there to think about?"
She couldn't help smiling. "I'm half Sylvan Fae. I have an affinity to nature and animals. When I concentrate, I can control them. And there are stories that if we become a wereanimal, or mate one, we can control the one we're mated to. That if it's an Alpha, I could control the pack. So, think about this."
"You wouldn't." He shrugged. "I don't see the problem."
"There's a lot about my life away from Silvertail Ridge you don't know yet. You need to know it all before we go there. So, relax. I'm not saying never. I'm asking you to wait until you understand more about what I am."
"If it's that important to you, I'll wait as long as you need. But you can't change my mind. There has only ever been one thing I wanted. You, in my life."
"You can't tell me I'm the only woman you've ever been with. And if I am, well, I have to warn you, you were my first, but there have been others since."
"Don't care about them. And yes, I was with other women, trying to find a way to let you go because you told me a million times to. I couldn't. I tried, but I couldn't."
"I don't need to know who, or the circumstances, Nate. I haven't imagined a future with you since I lost our baby." She closed her eyes and breathed deep. "I'm sorry. If I had known you were really there, chasing after me, things would have been different."
He pulled her closer, and she went. His breath fanned her ear. "Doesn't matter. I should have come for you."
"And I could have stopped running. Neither of us was right. We could have done things differently."
"Then let's make a promise to each other."
"What's that?" she whispered, leaning back to meet his gaze.
"Whatever comes up, we talk to each other. Here, there, wherever. Just don't shut me out again."
A short laugh escaped. "I'm not sure I could. The more I told them what happened between us, and what you said, the more I realized how fucking stupid I've been."
He caressed her cheek with his thumb. "Hey, you didn't know."
"Don't you dare blame yourself."
A grin broke across his face and he pulled her closer for a tender kiss.
She pulled away, placing one hand on his chest. "Wait. I meant what I said. We need a long talk about everything before we go there. I want you to be sure that's what you want after you understand everything I've learned."
"Then wake up, and we can do this face to face."

* * * *

The cell phone buzzed early that morning. Nate woke and quietly slipped from the bed and hurried downstairs where he answered. "Hey, what's up, Bran?"
"You stayed the night at Sav's." Not a question.
"Yes, I held her. God, it felt good to have her in my arms again."
"Mated to her or not, you hurt my sister, and I'll beat your ass."
"We're not." Nate rubbed at his face.
"Why not?" The words were drawn out.
"She's worried her being a Sylvan Fae will somehow impact my decision. That and some of her history. We didn't have sex. I told her I'd wait until she was ready."
"So, she forgave you? Shit, I thought that might take longer unless you got her in the sack."
"You're an asshole, Bran. Look, can we discuss this later? She's still asleep."
"Sorry. We have a problem. Any chance you want to make breakfast? We can discuss it then."
"Um?let me check her kitchen, make sure there's food to cook." Nate stepped into the kitchen and looked in the fridge.
Stocked, surprisingly. He'd assumed she wouldn't have taken the time to go into town and shop.
"Give us an hour. I'll have breakfast ready. Anyone coming?"
"Just me."
"See you then."
He moved back upstairs and found Savon sitting up, stretching her long body. His dick stood at attention, and he had to close his eyes and suck in air. Her scent hit him and he growled low in his throat.
Her light laugh snapped his eyes open. "Sorry, maybe you should run home for a shower. There's no way I'm letting you in my bathroom with that while I'm naked." She eyed his straining hard-on with a smirk. "As tempting as that is, I need time."
"I'll be back shortly." He ducked out of the room and headed home.
Chapter 15


Watching him leave hurt. That was her doing, though. Savon wanted Nate badly, but she needed to be sure that love was still there. Too terrified to analyze what she felt, she pushed emotions aside and got ready for the day.
By the time she was showered and downstairs, Nate came back in jeans and a T-shirt. Since being back, she'd only seen him once in casual clothes. Usually he dressed as if he was coming or going to work. Slacks, dress shirt, all of which he filled out well, but she liked the more casual look.
"No knocking?" she asked, her brow arched.
"Didn't think you'd mind me making you breakfast, especially since Bran invited himself over."
Her arms crossed over her chest. "You two are planning my day without me?"
Nate moved to her and took her face in his hands. "No, but maybe this morning. You want answers, and well, Bran can help with that. Besides, he could have told you at any time you two didn't share a father."
She dropped her head. "It's a wonder why my brother doesn't hate me. He probably should."
"No one who knows you can ever truly hate you."
"That's not true. A lot has changed, Nate. You need to know about the last twelve years."
"One important fact about mate bonds-it wouldn't happen if we weren't meant for each other."
"Bullshit, Nate. I've seen them go badly. It's rare, but things change." She pulled away, moving to the kitchen, unprepared to deal with messy emotions. Besides, Jay believed they could share one. She believed it, but she was losing the battle to resist Nate.
Cooking it was. She needed to focus on something else.
"I've never seen one go wrong," Nate answered.
She rubbed at her head. "It's rare, but it does happen." She opened the fridge and started to pull stuff out for a sausage and pepper scramble.
"I was going to do that, since you hadn't planned on having us."
"It's my house, Nate. You don't get to come in and take over."
"Don't want to. Thought I'd help."
"You were going to make breakfast without me."
"You were sleeping. Didn't want to wake you." He moved closer. "Let me help, please."
"Since you asked so nicely, sure." She nodded to the cabinet. "Grab a frying pan."
"Got it."
The heat of his body closed in and she spun. His hands landed on either side of her against the counter. She was lost in his eyes.
"Relax," he murmured. "You're nervous, and I don't know why. This is me. You can't tell me you don't know me."
She let out a sad laugh. "People change. It's been twelve years. You're a surgeon now. I remember a geeky jock with a soft spot for the space cadet."
"Not just a soft spot. And sure, we grew up. You're still you with a few new facets. I know you feel our connection every time I get close."
She did, and it scared the hell out of her. What if it was reflexive memory? Or maybe chemical attraction?
Nate let out a soft, frustrated growl. "Sorry, shit. It's hard to resist being close to you. Even my beast calms in your presence. I don't think I've ever been so relaxed since the change. But he's not pushing for more. He just wants to curl up at your feet."
Wrapping her arms around him, she leaned into him. His heat chased away some of the fear, same way it always did. Her arguments dried up.
He enveloped her in his embrace, laying his cheek against hers. A sigh left his lips. "Just need your body against mine. Give me this and I'll be content to wait forever."
The dam broke and tears flowed down her face. What was she holding onto? Why did she need to put distance between them? He was every fucking thing she'd ever wanted and was torn away from her.
"Missed you," she whispered.
"Stop running, then."
"First, tell me something. Why didn't you tell me no Jay?"
He chuckled. "I can't imagine you ever putting up with him."
"You knew I'd choose you?"
He looked into her eyes, and she felt his emotion through the words. "No, but I wasn't going to stop chasing you until you convinced me you felt nothing. And I know you feel something for me."
"Breakfast," she whispered, desperate to clear her head.
"I should have told your brother to stay home." He pushed away and smiled as he dropped his head. "I need to get through to you, Savon."
"You are." She couldn't stop her wall from crumbling.
Turning back, she went to work.

* * * *

Bastard stayed the night and didn't sleep with her? The same jackass he caught fucking his sister a dozen times when they were kids. Shit, the things he'd seen.
A shudder rocked through Bran as he picked up his ringing phone.
"I take it they're working things out?" Evangeline asked.
"Nate and Savon? Shit, I don't know. He slept with her, but didn't sleep with her."
"Why the hell not?"
Bran snorted. "My sister's idea, I'm sure. Nate would never push if she said no. I don't envy his blue balls. No one is as stubborn as my sister."
"That so?"
"Oh, it's so. Think you can skip testing her? It's my fault she was so pissed off when she first came back. I hoped she'd see him and remember how good it was. There's a piece of the puzzle I'm missing, though. I don't know what, but I plan to find out."
Evangeline huffed. "I don't blame her. Twelve years of having him in her head, not knowing he was really there, would fuck with anyone. Besides, Savon and I share a few old friends. I shouldn't have jumped to conclusions."
"What old friends?"
Evangeline laughed. "The Fae who awakened her. Don't ask, trust me, you don't want to know. And some Others."
Bran blinked slowly, thinking through the few hints. "Why are you sharing this with me?"
She sighed. "Because you clearly don't understand how a woman's head works."
"She's not just any woman." Neither was Evangeline. Evangeline was an intelligent, beautiful woman. And he felt like a bastard because he'd wanted her since the first time he laid eyes on her. He never acted because he was already with Margaret, the love of his life.
Evangeline spent most of her time in New York where her parents lived, making ignoring the attraction easy. That all changed when she moved back the previous year, a year after Killian turned him to save his life.
Bran leaned against the wall. He needed to talk to Savon, close the gap between them. Too many damned secrets, and he had no reason to keep them now. Shit, he never should have.
He smiled then. "Maybe I can work something out. I'll bring her to the shop if I can convince her to leave the house."
"Think she will if she's with Nate?"
"Nate needs to fix the bastard I broke. I found Clay outside her house and beat the shit out of him. The words that came out of his mouth-he's lucky I let him live. Right now he's stewing in his own blood in a silver lined cell."
Evangeline hissed, "That beast follows Jay's lead, but I find it hard to believe he'd suggest the bastard harm her. Something more is going on."
Bran paused. He knew there was history between Jay and Evangeline, though she wouldn't speak of it. She hated him, so Bran did. Besides, the bastard was always pushing buttons and boundaries. So far he stayed on the right side of the line, but he was a strong breeze from slipping over.
One day, he hoped to get the story out of her, but she avoided Bran most of the time. Though, get them in a room together and she gravitated toward him no matter how hard she fought.
Which gave him an idea. "Think you'd come to dinner over here one night soon? I'll invite Nate and Savon. You can get to know her, see if you think they're a good match when she's not in the dark and pissed off." He'd have to figure out catering because he hadn't lied when he told Savon he was a disaster in the kitchen.
"Yeah, I would. I get it. Her pain was so damned strong the smell alone nearly floored me. She has a right to hurt. And Nate's smart. If she's not ready, he's not going to push, but he isn't giving up. I drove past her house last night. He was sitting on the porch, waiting for her to come home."
"Yeah, she disappeared for a night. I want to know where the hell she went."
"She's a grown woman, Bran. She lived away from here for over a decade. I don't think she needs a father figure."
"She doesn't, but I want to know the woman my sister became. She's not the little girl who found beauty in everything. There's more to her than the artist, though that's still fully intact."
"I'll be there. Maybe she can give me a new perspective on your kind." She hung up.
His kind. Like being a Sylvan Fae was a fucking curse. Nate clearly didn't see it that way.
A groan left his lips. He'd hidden the attraction to Evangeline for a long ass time. And yeah, he felt guilty while Margaret was alive, and for a couple years after she passed, but he'd been a damned good husband. He still missed Margaret every day, but she wouldn't want him to wallow in depression because she was gone. And it wasn't like she didn't have her own fantasies.
Didn't matter, though. Evangeline didn't want anything to do with him.

* * * *

Every instinct urged Nate to claim Savon, but he knew how her head worked. She needed to come to the conclusion that nothing had changed for him. Didn't matter what changed for her, she was still the same girl who showed him how to love when his childhood was a shit storm.
Her smile brightened his dark beginnings. His father was a raging monster, but he could live with that as long as their love won in the end.
No more fuck-ups.
No more secrets.
And no more damned distance.
He wanted to eradicate any space between them until she was forced to admit she felt it too.
Savon had a handle on breakfast, so when Bran knocked, he tipped his head toward the door. "Mind if I get that?"
She looked over her shoulder and smirked. "Go for it."
Nate greeted Bran, "Hey, about time."
"Got an interesting call. Evangeline noticed your ass was parked on the porch last night."
"Needed to talk to Savon. I wasn't willing to miss the first chance I had."
Savon shot her brother a dark look. "Be nice, Bran. I'm still pissed at you for a few reasons."
"Yeah, like me pulling Jay over when he was going more than twenty miles over the speed limit?"
A snort escaped Savon. "I'm single and can flirt with whoever I want."
"You had Nate in your house all night last night. That doesn't sound single," Bran challenged.
She rolled her eyes. "Stay out of it, Bran. I'm not sleeping with anyone. Remember, I just left one asshole. I need to figure out me before I worry about someone else."
Nate wanted to say something, but kept his mouth shut.
Bran's brow arched his way. "You got nothing?"
He shrugged. "I'm not giving up, but I'm not pushing either."
A growl erupted from Bran. "And if she winds up underneath that piece of shit?"
Savon smirked. "First of all, it's none of your business. Second, did you miss the part where I said I'm not sleeping with anyone? That includes Nate."
He threw his hands up. "You afraid you'll mate him? Shit, what's wrong with that?"
She fixed her brother with a glare. "It's been twelve years, Bran. We aren't kids anymore. Hell, you're probably going to start wishing you didn't convince me to move back in another day or two."
Bran closed the distance and took her shoulders. "Sav, I love you no matter what. You're my little sister. But you don't have a damned clue what you've walked into out here. Jay is over your head."
Stepping out of his reach, she crossed her arms over her chest. "He's in over his head. I've tapped into my magic. I understand it. He doesn't have a clue what I can do. And you, clearly you don't either. I'm better informed than you think. I don't need you playing my dad. I'm not worried about a few werewolves."
"What do you know about wolf packs?"
"Plenty. Now can we not do this? You want breakfast?" She turned back to the cabinet to load plates.
"Sav, what do you think you know?" he demanded. "And what other werewolves do you know?"
"I lived in San Francisco. I know plenty of werewolves. They have a large pack. And I've seen what happens when a werewolf wins a challenge and kills the Alpha. There's a new one, immediately. The wolves feel it. Killian isn't dead."
"Yeah, well, there are exceptions to every rule." Bran dropped into a seat.
"You know you have a werewolf in your pack that is Sylvan? Right? Besides you, of course."
"Who?"
"Canagan."
"She keeps to herself. She's not a problem."
"I hear she had beef with Killian. Sounds like a problem."
"Wait, whoa, who did you hear that from?" Nate interjected.
"A friend. The one I went to visit in Edenton."
"Edenton?" Bran asked. "Where the hell is that?"
"Washington. That's where I went, to talk to someone I trust."
"Trust? More than me or Nate?"
"Yes, more than either of you. First, you kept secrets, Bran. Tell me you didn't."
Bran growled in frustration. "Fine, fuck, yes, I kept secrets because I know the two of you deserve some happiness and that always meant you two wind up together."
She scooped two plates up, took one to Bran, and sat one on the table. "I don't need you telling me what I want or need. I'll eat mine later." She started up the stairs.
Nate caught her before she made it halfway. "Savon, give him a break. Please. He's got it bad for Evangeline, and all either of us knows is Jay did something horrible to her, but we don't know what."
"Fine. Can we not discuss who we're meant to be with? Remember, I need time."
He offered a smile. "Ignore Bran. Please."
She glanced away. "I'm trying but he keeps pushing when I'm trying to find my balance."
Bran stood at the bottom of the stairs, staring up at Savon. "Sorry, Sav. Look, come back, eat breakfast, we'll talk without the past interfering. Well, all except where you went for two days."
Her eyes narrowed. "Why does it matter?"
"Because I worried about you, and you wouldn't answer your damned phone."
"Because I needed to figure shit out without you two dumping more on me. And Jay isn't the enemy."
"Please tell me you aren't considering Jay as a lover," Bran admonished.
Rolling her eyes, she marched back to the table. "No. But I don't think you've given him a chance. There's always two sides to every story. Sometimes more."
"I don't trust the fucker. He pushes buttons just to do it."
She snorted. "Maybe because he's tired of the sheriff being an asshole."
Bran rubbed at his forehead. "You don't get it."
"I think I do, but don't worry. He's not getting in my pants. He wanted Killian dead. Who didn't?"
Nate sat down at the table and offered a smile. "See, she's smart."
Savon's eyes lit up as they swept his way. At least he hadn't pissed her off.
Grinning, Bran opened his mouth to say something. Nate kicked him under the table to shut him up. Savon needed to come to her own decision without Bran's input.
"Anyway, eat. I have someone trying to figure out why Jay isn't Alpha after challenging the old one, but they agree Killian is probably alive somewhere."
"Who are these friends?"
Savon smirked. "Mages. They live in a town full of Others. Tremaine and his partner, Liz, own a bookstore." She looked up at the ceiling a second. "The store was in San Francisco when I moved there. It was my first job outside of here, and Trem is a good guy who helped me figure out some stuff." She sighed. "Without him, I'd still be a mess."
Nate wanted to ask more, but bit his tongue. He couldn't come for her, and he didn't honestly expect her to wait forever when she didn't know he was there with her. At least he'd keep telling himself that until it didn't threaten to shatter him.
"And they know a lot of Others?"
"Shit, they were both Silver Council enforcers for decades. They know far more than you'd think. And Tremaine is a collector of knowledge. I went to him because he would know where to find the answers we need."
"We?" Bran asked.
She nodded. "Well, you have a pack without an Alpha present. The shit will hit the fan sooner or later. You have to know that's coming."
"Help me convince Nate he's the right man for the job." Bran smirked. "If anyone can, it's you."
"That's his decision to make. Look, running a pack is a big responsibility. He's a surgeon with a life. Becoming Alpha means he would take responsibility for everyone under him." She lifted a shoulder and turned to Nate. "Whereas I do think you have what it takes to lead, no one else can make that decision for you."
"See, she understands the bigger picture." Nate stood and paced away. "I didn't want to be a wolf in the first place. I told my father that a million times growing up. Asshole turned me the second I couldn't give a rational argument, and supposedly to save me."
"We need someone who can handle the pack. You're the only one I know," Bran pointed out.
"Maybe. But Christ, I don't want that life. It's a lonely existence."
"Doesn't have to be. There are Alphas who have love and families," Savon pointed out. "They aren't all assholes, like your father."
"How many Alphas do you know?"
"A few. Point is, not all lead like a dictator. I'd imagine you would be one of the better ones. I could introduce you to one."
"Who?"
"Edgar DeVere. New Alpha in San Francisco."
Nate's brow pinched. "I thought he was a lone wolf."
Nodding, she shrugged. "He was for a very long time, but he knew he could help the pack. So, he stepped up."
Bran rubbed at his face but didn't say anything. Which meant he probably recognized the name.
Did Nate want to know why? Probably not. He knew she'd been with others.
Fuck, didn't matter. Shouldn't matter. But maybe it did matter. The thought of her with another man?
Later, he'd ask Bran what he knew. He had to know. Had there been many men? Did she still care for any of them?
"What's the matter?" Savon asked.
"Nothing," he lied.
Bran cleared his throat. "I suggest you eat, then clean up the mess I made. I caught Clay snooping around here. He's in a cell, but he needs to be fixed."
"Fixed?" Savon asked.
"Broke a few bones, probably did some internal damage. We heal fast, but he'll heal wrong if Nate doesn't put him back together."
"He was snooping around here?"
Bran snorted, "Yup, bastard was snooping around outside your home. I'm surprised you didn't wake up."
She huffed. "Best sleep I've had in a long time."
"Because you finally stopped running from me," Nate answered.
"Didn't know you were really there before," she quipped. "Remember, all these secrets need to stop." She turned to Bran. "Like when were you going to tell me your father is Nate's and not mine?"
"After you two mated. Figured then you couldn't use that as an excuse not to."
"It's none of your business whether or not I mate anyone, so drop it. We have our own issues to work out."
"You will. Now, Nate has a problem to sort, and it's my doing, but I didn't want the bastard anywhere near you."
Savon ate the rest of her breakfast and started to clean up.
"Will you be available tonight?" Nate asked before taking his last bite.
"I will. Dinner?"
"What did you have in mind?"
A smile stretched across her face. "I'll surprise you."
"All right. I should go take care of Clay. Maybe I can find out what the hell he wants with you." Nate took his plate to the sink. "I'd clean up if Bran hadn't sprung this on me."
"Don't worry about it. Go. You too, Bran. You have work. I'll talk to you later. Right now, I need to paint."
"Paint? Now?" he scoffed.
"It's what I do." She fluttered her lashes.
Bran lifted his hands. "All right, I'll leave you be, but you and I need to talk, soon." He pulled Savon into a hug. "Maybe lunch tomorrow? Just the two of us?"
"Sure. It will be good to catch up."
He kissed her head. "See you later."
Chapter 16


So, that's where my little painter went.
Nikolai drove into Silvertail Ridge where an old acquaintance was bent on revenge. Every plan to mete out her punishment had been foiled. She turned to him and mentioned Savon Roantree was back in her hometown, cozying up to Jay Walker, who was supposed to be under her thumb but wasn't falling in line. Savon was also flirting with the Blood Fang's son.
An interesting combination. However, Savon was his. He'd claim her or kill her. There was no other option. She realized her place was at his side, or her life ended. 
He understood why she attacked him. As long as she admitted her error, he could forgive her.
And Canagan was willing to pay any price to find Killian and destroy him. She suggested using Nate, which meant using his first love. And considering the meddlesome Dreamwalker kept Savon from ever truly loving him, he had no problem destroying Canagan's problem. Then maybe they could reconcile, and he could sway her to the right side of an ancient war.
She didn't know about the Branches of Emrys, though she spent years working with their ringleader. Nikolai had plans to recruit Savon, but Ceridwen Murdock seemed to keep his little painter under her wing.
With Ceridwen missing, he finally had a chance to convince Savon to join him. Nikolai was desperate for her to join his cause. He fucking loved her. And she tried to kill him.
He pulled up to a large house near the top of the ridge. The property felt darker than most. It might have been the bent, twisted trees that blocked most of the house from view. Or the way the branches cast eerie shadows against the home. It reminded him of the forests in the Carpathian Mountains two hundred years ago.
Nikolai parked the Land Rover and walked to the door. Canagan greeted him with a cold, calculating smile. "Welcome. Come in. We have much to discuss."

* * * *

Savon stepped back to take one last look at the painting. Nate was right. Nothing had changed between them. She needed to stop pushing him away. He could help mend her shattered heart.
She washed her face, pinned her hair up, and changed into jeans and a tank. After a sandwich, she went for a walk through the forest. She'd missed spending her days wandering through the woods and around the lake.
Only thing missing-Nate.
Later, they could walk together. In the meantime, she wanted to reacquaint herself with the town. After awakening her other half, plants and wildlife took on new shades. She could feel the essence in everything around her, communicate with the creatures.
Silvertail Ridge seemed like a new place with a different ambiance than what she remembered growing up. She always heard the voices of spirits, but they were dampened when she was a kid, some silenced by the wards her father had wound around her. There were so many entities she hadn't heard before.
She'd been walking for thirty minutes when the spirit from childhood screamed, "Run!"
Savon didn't question it. She bolted as fast as she could, erecting shields as she turned off the beaten path and leapt over fallen logs, brush, and ruts. She slid to a stop and climbed into a hollowed trunk, reaching out with her senses.
Her heart slammed in her chest. Nikolai was alive. There for revenge, no doubt. Closing her eyes, she breathed slow and easy, forcing her heart rate down and banishing fear.
What she'd learned about Nikolai tore apart the beginnings of love.
She'd been on her way to one of her favorite shops for paints, but heard her lover's voice. She crept to the corner as he hissed, "Where is the artifact, Chyna?" His normally sexy accent took on a sinister tone.
The beautiful woman laughed, a smirk twisting her lips. "I have no idea what you're talking about."
"Of course you do. You helped steal the Wolfssengen Pendant."
"That? Interesting story. There was no inscription. It was a fake. I left it where it lay."
Savon crept closer.
Nikolai took a step toward Chyna. "You can tell me what I want to know, or I can waltz into your head, find the answers myself, and scramble your memory so badly you can't do shit."
"What's the pendant to you?"
"It's the key to finding all the mystics left in this world. The Branches of Emrys need to be demolished so our way of life can evolve into something better."
She sneered, "What do mystics have to do with evolution?"
Savon wanted the answer too.
"They're preventing the Burning Dawn from cleansing the waste from this world."
Chyna flinched, then spat, "You're insane."
He produced a blade, chanting as he thrust it into her gut.
Her startled cry made Savon gasp. She backed away as he thrust his hand into Chyna's hair, touching his forehead to hers, stripping her memories as he twisted the blade.
Savon slipped away, rushing home to think.
When she got there, Bran called once again, begging her to come back. This time she took him up on moving home. First, she needed to stop Nikolai from finding the pendant.
Did she call Ms. Murdock? 
She was the purest mystic she knew. The second purest hadn't figured it out yet. 
She had decided to sit on the news and started packing.
He disappeared for a week. His absence gave her time to pack and have everything ready for the movers.
Then she went to his home and found ties to all the organizations she fought against with Ms. Murdock and several others. His fabricated world started to crumble, the lies falling away.
She rigged the house with magic. Both Sylvan Fae and that of her sorceress background. As she set the last spell, Nikolai walked in.
Closing her eyes, she pulled the dress over her head and walked down the stairs, hoping to distract him. She could make love to him one last time, then leave before he learned what she'd done.
"There's my pretty little painter." He stalked to her, desire burning bright as his black eyes raked over every inch.
"Missed you, Nic."
"Not nearly as much as I've missed you."
He grabbed her waist and hauled her closer as he bent to take her mouth in a heated kiss. His hands caressed over her flesh, leaving goosebumps in their wake, for a whole other reason than usual.
Fear trailed through her with the voice, "He suspects. He'll dive into your head."
When he pushed his fingers into her hair and started the spell, she slipped her hand between them and pushed pure energy at him. He stumbled back as the beautiful exotic flowers in the vase behind him grew, vines whipping out to wrap around him, lifting him off his feet.
A sad laugh escaped Savon. "Don't trust me, do you?" The question came out far calmer than she was.
"You were there. You've been snooping, setting off my wards. You have two choices. Join the Dark Templar with me, or die. I'm hoping you join me. I've grown to love you enough to find a way to keep you."
"You want to tear the world apart," she accused. "The Burning Dawn will destroy anything and everything that stands in their way. And you want to help their cause?"
"I am their cause, Savon. I've been part of the Dark Templar since long before you were born."
Savon turned to grab her dress. A flash of heat licked at her before fading. She yanked the garment over her head but was spun around and thrown down on the couch, his hand around her throat as he crushed his erection against her.
"I love you, Savon. Don't make me kill you." His voice rasped, the accent back to dark and sexy. His aura fluctuated between desire and determination.
He slid his hand between her thighs, dipping his fingers into her core. "Let me have you, forever," he pleaded, attempting to work her body up like he always did.
"Stop!" she shouted.
He pressed deeper, pushing magic at her, attempting to force desire through her.
She couldn't-wouldn't. She planted her foot at the back of the couch and rolled. He landed on his back with her on his chest. She covered his face, screaming the words to put him under, then grabbed his lighter, flicking it and throwing it at the couch.
Scrambling away, she pushed her will through the air, vibrating molecules until the carpet and table beside the couch ignited. She ran out the door and made it to her car.
Savon pulled away from the curb with tears in her eyes.
"Savon, my little painter, forget your first love and join me," Nikolai called out, pulling her back to the present.
Tears leaked down her face. She hadn't killed him. He was dangerous, a hired mercenary. But she had a hard time resisting the bad boys. Maybe because she knew she would never expect too much from them, and never truly give her heart to them.
"I'll find you, Savon. Don't make me hurt you." There was pain in his voice. She saw reds flaring beyond the tree. All desire, passion, anger.
Bad fucking idea, Savon. Now where you gonna go?
"You don't understand the war that's brewing. We win. Your Ms. Murdock will lose. It's only a matter of time. Join us, where you belong."
He stopped at the opening, and Savon pressed to the side, hoping he wouldn't crouch down.
"I feel you, Savon. Fear. Where's the love? I know you loved me. What happened? Is it because I killed the bitch who double-crossed me?"
More than that. Though that was part of it. He killed her for something she didn't find. Something he wanted to give to his superiors. What all was he involved in? And why hadn't Ms. Murdock warned her? She knew the woman was part of something bigger, but never exactly what. And now, Savon was in the middle of it.
Nikolai crouched down, grabbed her ankle, and pulled her free of the tree.
She cried out as he wrapped his hand around her throat and lifted her, pinning her against a solid tree.
"Nothing to say to me?"
She clawed at his hand, calling to the animals. She found a sleeping bear nearby and beckoned him.
Nikolai pulled her away from the tree and slammed her back before crushing his body against hers, releasing her throat.
"You're mine, Savon," he growled at her, pushing his hand down her pants. "Your Dreamwalker still hasn't claimed you. Why is that? Part of you still love me?" Leaning back, he delved into her eyes. Insanity stared back.
He gripped her pants and underwear, disintegrating the barrier with a spell as a thousand wails of anger rose up around her. His tip pressed against her opening and she bit where neck meets shoulder until she tasted blood.
His groan was pure desire as he thrust into her. "Want hard? I'll give you hard."
She let go of control and screamed as she ripped her face away, tearing a chunk of skin from him. He was flung into the air, landing against a fallen log. She hit the ground hard, the wind knocked from her lungs. She struggled to breathe while the spirits tossed him around like a rag doll in a tornado. He tried to shield himself as he was thrown against one tree, then another.
The bear charged into the clearing, changing directions to bat Nikolai to the ground. The bastard cried out in pain.
Savon scrambled over, pressing her thumbs into his eyes until they burst and blood ran down his face.
"You're mine!" he screamed, grabbing her wrists. Fire danced over his hands, burning her skin, as the bear clamped his jaws over Nikolai's wrist. "I die, you die with me, and I'll love you in hell."
Tearing her hands away with a cry of agony, she pushed to her feet and ran for the first safe place she could think of. She'd warded the willow tree with her mother's magic long ago. No one would find it, except those she wanted to find her. If she could make it there, she could catch her breath.
A snarl rent the air as she stumbled into Nate's property. Almost there, a little farther.
A wolf stopped in front of her and she lifted her hands, calling magic as he shifted to a man.
Jay.
Rage burned in his eyes as he glared behind her.
She fell on her ass, scooting back.
He held up his hands, his voice cracking. "What happened? What can I do?"
"No, oh no. Fuck you!" She scrambled to her feet and ran, throwing a spell his way, knocking him back. The spirits' voices rose up, and he howled, apparently shifting back. She didn't hear him come closer as she sprinted for the lake.
She dropped to her knees under the willow, her hands hitting the ground, then fell to her side as pain washed everything out.
Chapter 17


Nate pulled into his driveway and found Jay frantic in his driveway. Bastard paced the porch, stark naked. His normally tied back hair stood in every direction.
Jay didn't wait for a response. He stopped in front of Nate and words flowed from him. "Savon is hurt. There was a mage-or something more-fuck, I don't know, but I think he attacked her. I can't find her now, but she's in bad shape."
"Who?"
"Fuck if I know. Canagan's wolves dragged him off. I tried to help her, but she ran. Shit, she hit me with something that threw me away from her, and then a hundred ghosts or some shit pulled at me until I fled. I couldn't get past them, so I went after whoever did this to her."
Nate rubbed at his face. "Okay, thanks. I need to find her."
"Let me help." Jay looked into his eyes. "Look, whatever happened to her was bad. I don't know how bad. She was only half dressed. Blood on her thigh. I didn't smell sex, but pain. She was burnt. I don't know what happened." The desperation in his eyes convinced Nate to hear him out.
"You can't follow me. Do me a favor. Get Bran. Tell him to meet me back here."
"Why? Fuck, if this is about her choosing you, that's fine. Someone hurt her, and I may be a prick, but I'm not looking to violate an unwilling woman."
"No. I don't think you did this, nor do I think you would. There are spells she wove. My father couldn't find our place. I hope I can get to her. We'll see how much she hated me through the years." Nate took off at a run and shouted back, "Get Bran."
"Shit, yeah, going."
Nate made it to their willow in record time and slipped under the branches. He found Savon unconscious, a small trail of blood on one thigh. Her pants had been burned away or something, leaving most of the legs intact, but nothing covering her. Third degree burns encircled her wrists. Her throat was ringed in black and blue.
His heart thundered as he scooped her into his arms and carried her back to the house. He needed to tend to her wounds, wake her up, and find out what the fuck had happened, hopefully before Bran got there.
He took her inside, up the stairs, and into the master bedroom. The house had been completely remodeled before he moved back in an effort to erase the memories of his father.
Nate laid her on the bed and left long enough to grab his medical supplies. More often than not, he treated wolves there, as long as he didn't have to open them up.
Seeing her like that gutted Nate. How long had she been under that tree?
He scrubbed a hand over his face and grabbed a pair of sweats he knew would be too big on her, but it was better than having her half-dressed when she woke up.
He managed to get one shoe off her before she jerked away.
She scrambled back until she was pressed against the headboard, her chest heaving. "Nate?"
"I'm here." He held up the sweats and a cloth. "I need to examine you. You're in bad shape, Sav. And I need to know who did this to you."
Her eyes slammed shut as she dropped her head to her hands and cried in pain. "Shit. Fuck. I thought I killed him before I came back. I thought-"
"Who, Sav?"
Blinking, she focused back on Nate. "Nikolai Svette. I put him under and set his house on fire. Then I left as the firemen tried to put it out. I couldn't go back. I thought he was dead."
"Why did you want to kill him?"
She winced, jerking away. Panic flashed through her eyes as her words came out a million miles an hour. "He was part of something bigger, something horrible. Fuck, this is all a mess. I need to call Old Lady Murdock. She needs to know what happened, why I left, who's here. She needs to know why. Damn it, I should have told her already."
"You're not making sense."
A tear fell down her face and her voice cracked. "Told you. I'm not the same girl. It was fall in line, kill him, or be killed. I chose kill him and I fucked it up. I don't regret anything but failing at killing the piece of shit." She climbed from the bed, then looked down. "Oh fuck."
"Did he?" He couldn't finish that sentence.
"Started. I stopped him. The spirits pulled him away. The bear mauled him. I pushed his eyes until they burst and blood pooled."
"Explains the blood on your hands.
She held her hands up. Blood slicked her thumbs. Shaking her head, she gasped. "A good healer could heal the damage, but they'd have to be really damned good. I needed him not to follow. Hoped to kill him, but he's hard to kill. But the bear, I hope that bear tore him to pieces.
"He entered you?" Nate growled.
She backed away. "Didn't want it. I stopped him."
Nate moved in front of her. "Hey, I just need to know how bad he hurt you."
She shook her head. "I'm fine."
A bitter laugh escaped. "No, you aren't. Let me help you."
"I need to tell Ms. Murdock what I learned, what he's a part of." 
Unfortunately, she wasn't going to let him help until she got it all out. So he asked the inevitable question, "What is he part of?"
"A very old organization that's not supposed to exist. They want to destroy life as we know it and make the world into a nightmare plane."
"What?"
"I told you, not the same stupid little girl with blinders on."
"Never said you were," he growled, stalking toward her. He caught her shoulders. "Stop pushing me away and talk to me. I want to help you. The bastard hurt you. There's blood." He dropped one hand to touch her inner thigh. "He hurt you, Savon. I'd be concerned no matter who you were." Then he grabbed her forearm, well above the burn, and lifted her wrist in front of her face. "He burned the hell out of you." His fingers trailed over her throat. "Tried to strangle you. I'm a doctor. Remember? I need to help you."

* * * *

"Only because you're a doctor?" she whispered, her heart threatening to shatter.
"What part do you want to hear? The easy truth you can swallow? Or the horse pill that might gag on the way down?"
"All of it. I need to know what you want."
"You, all of you. That's not changing. I don't give a damn about the past, who you were with, what you did. But that bastard is going to pay for harming you. Had he left you alone, fine, but he came here and hurt you. I'll never tolerate that."
Every last bit of her wall crumbled. "Nothing changed for you?"
"Couldn't let you go. And when I tried, you always called me back, then ran. Shit, Sav, I love you-always have. But let me take care of you right now. I can't have you hurt and not fix it."
Tears spilled and she dropped her head.
"With the blood, I need to check inside, want to make sure he didn't do worse damage."
Her head snapped up. "Just tight. He didn't exactly wait for me to be ready, and I didn't want it," she stammered.
"I need to know."
"No. Not like this."
"Damn it, Savon. I'm not doing anything any other doctor wouldn't do in this situation."
Shaking her head, she whispered, "No. Don't even want you to see me like this."
Nate's eyes slammed shut as he walked her to the bed. She sat down hard and he dropped to his knees, pushing her legs open. "Lie back. I'll be quick. Just need to be sure."
Her legs squeezed shut. "Nate, no. Trust me, it's fine. I'm not hurt worse. Not there. Please, just don't."
"The scent of your fear and pain overrule everything. I won't take advantage of you." 
She caught his face and blinked. Another tear fell. "It's not that. I know you wouldn't. It's just-I didn't want it. I'm fine."
He covered her hands, his voice gentle. "Sav, I need to know he didn't do something you can't see."
Rationally, she understood. Mentally, she wanted to run. "Nate?"
"Trust me. I need to be sure you're okay."
A startled laugh escaped and she shook her head. "Not okay," she admitted.
"You will be," he promised.
Laying back she stared at the ceiling. He was gentle, pulling her open. Then he ran a warm cloth over her exposed parts and thigh before standing and pacing away. "You can put the sweats on."
"That's it?"
He growled. "Small tear, you're right. He entered you without you being ready. Nothing that won't heal quickly."
"I want a shower," she whispered.
Nate came back, shaking his head. "Not with your burns. Not yet. Fran can take care of that. For now, I need to clean the wounds. I have lidocaine gel to numb the tissue, then I'll wrap them in gauze and give you ice packs to help until Fran arrives."
"She's not checking me. My wrists, that's it."
"Agreed." He rubbed at his temples. "I needed to be sure, Savon. Jay came to me, told me you wouldn't let him help. I sent him to get Bran. We need to find this asshole."
She shot to her feet, her hands up, pain flowing through her. "No, shit, no! He can't handle Nikolai. I should have been more prepared. If I hadn't panicked, I would have been fine, but I let shit catch up with me and had a minor meltdown. Fuck, if I had just killed him the first damned time."
"Sweats, Sav. Put them on." He held them out.
Ripping them from his outstretched arm hurt, but she sat and took the rest of her pants off with her shoes and pulled his on, cinching the waist.
"Did you love him?" The question packed a punch, his emotion making the room waver with warring colors.
She opened her mouth to deny it, but the words died on her tongue. "A little," she squeaked. "I wasn't in love, but I was getting there. At least until I learned whose side he was on."
"Of what?"
She tipped her head side to side, pacing away, trying to ignore the burn in her wrists that flooded her senses.
Nate caught her arm and spun her back. "Side of what?"
"That's complicated. I'm not totally sure. I just know he's part of some group that wants to tear apart our world to create a darker, more terrifying one."
"That doesn't make sense."
"Yeah, and I don't have all the answers, but I know who might. I need to call her. Shit. I should have started by telling her what I found out. But then I thought he was dead, and there was no point."
"What?"
"This is bigger than you know, Nate. And I don't know enough to make it make sense. Hell, it doesn't make sense to me. I should go. If I leave, maybe he'll follow, then everyone will be safe."
"You aren't leaving, Savon."
She glared back. "You don't know what he's capable of."
"And you don't know what this pack is capable of."
"It's not your pack, Nate. You don't want the job."
"I came back with every intention of challenging my father and taking the pack. It was the only way to get you back and I was willing then, I am now."
She let out a bitter laugh. "Werewolves alone can't stop him. My power can't stop him, clearly. Damn it, Nate. This is bigger than that. And he has people backing him who make him look like a tadpole in a river full of piranhas."
"You're safer with us than without."
"I need to make calls."
He hauled her closer. "You need to let me take care of your wounds. You need to let me talk to your brother. And you need Fran to heal you. We can discuss what we can do. There are more in this town than werewolves."
"No one who can cast like Nikolai. He's not only a mage. He has old gypsy magic to fortify his spells. No one casts like him."
His eyes bored into hers, pleading. "And you have your own special set of magic. Let's talk this out. We can stop him. Give us a chance."
And she realized something. Bastard knew about Nate, which put him in danger. She had to stay, had to see it through.
Fuck it all!
"All right." Her voice broke, the burns aching, throbbing. "But I still need to make a couple calls."
"Let me treat the burns first. Please? I sense your pain and I'm amazed you're still on your feet."
Nodding, she glanced away.
Nate guided her to the bed. "Sit." As soon as her ass hit the bed, he pulled on latex gloves and knelt. He dragged a leather bag over, then dropped it to the floor. Without taking his eyes from her, he opened it, grabbed a box, and pulled out a tube. "It'll be cold, but I imagine that part will feel good. Spreading it won't. Fuck, I want to gut the bastard who marked you."
One side of her mouth tipped up. Protective, caring, and she felt his love, saw it in his emotion. She understood the anger.
He took one arm and squeezed a good portion of the gel onto the worst of the burn. "Gonna hurt for a few seconds, then you won't feel anything."
She nodded, ready to stop feeling everything, but knew he'd only deal with the physical injuries, not the emotional ones.
The pain bit deep, then eased as he worked the medicine in. Then he wrapped the first wrist in gauze. "Hopefully, by the time it wears off, you'll be healed." He took the other wrist and repeated the process.
"Thank you," she whispered.
He stared into her eyes. "There is nothing I won't do for you, Savon. No matter what happens." He looked down at her wrist, focusing on his task. "Better?"
"Much. You were always too good for me."
"Never. Wish you wouldn't underestimate yourself."
Someone banged on the door downstairs. Probably her brother. "I need to get that. Wash your hands without getting the bandages wet, please."
"Sure."

* * * *

Bran looked up as Jay burst into his office, his hands up. "Before you start on my ass, your sister needs you. Nate's bringing her back to his place."
He shot to his feet, crossed the room, and pinned Jay to the wall. "What the fuck did you do to Savon?"
Jay shook his head. "Nothing. I swear it, mate. A mage. He burned her, and more. I tried to help her. Wanted to get her to Nate, seeing how he's a damned doctor, but she wouldn't let me near her."
Bran noticed the cut above Jay's eye and frowned. "How'd you get that?"
"Rock, maybe a branch. Fuck if I know. Just get your ass to your sister and ask her who did this to her. The mage disappeared. Smelled wrong. Blood ran down his face, no eyes. She messed him up, but he-shit, think he tried to rape her."
"Mage?" Bran took a step back, releasing Jay.
"Sounded foreign, Eastern Europe maybe? He was screaming in some strange language before Canagan's wolves dragged him away. There was a burning bear carcass beside him."
"Damn it, sounds like Nikolai." Bran grabbed his keys and bolted for the SUV.
Jay climbed into the passenger seat.
"What the hell are you doing?" Bran demanded.
"Making sure she's okay. Look, I'm not going to stand in Nate's way if that's who she chooses. Yeah, your sister is hot, I'm attracted to her, and I think she could be my mate, but I'm not that asshole."
"Evangeline thinks so."
"Not for the reasons you think," Jay muttered. "Look, I just want to see Savon is safe, taken care of, and I'll go."
"What about Canagan?"
"Fuck Canagan. She's helping the bastard."
"Thought she was your master," Bran snarled.
Jay shook his head. "She'd like to be. I'm not stupid enough to fall for her shit. Killian needed to die. No one else was stepping up, so I fucking did."
Bran growled. "Yeah, Killian needed to go. Damn it. I never thought I'd be listening to you."
"Just drive, asshole."
"That's more like the bastard I know and hate." He slammed the cruiser in reverse and took off for Nate's.
"Seriously going to give up on her?" Bran asked.
"Only if she wants him. If not, well, that's his loss." Jay shrugged.
"What happened between you and Evangeline?"
Jay snorted. "Ancient history, but it's hers to share. I have a feeling I'd land higher on her shit list if I divulged the secrets she works hard to protect."
Bran's brow pinched. "Why the fuck are you such an asshole if you can be this reasonable?"
Jay snorted. "Never gave me a chance. And don't look so surprised. I'm still a bastard where most things are concerned."
"If by some chance my sister doesn't choose Nate, you hurt her, and I'll end you."
"I don't doubt that. Hopefully after she calms down, she'll realize I tried to help today."
Maybe, and maybe he was trying to get in their good graces. If Nikolai was on Canagan's side, alliances were shifting. He might just be trying to keep his ass alive.
Chapter 18


The moment Nate went to the door, Savon slipped out the window, hopped down to the ground, and ran home for her phone. Whatever Nate thought, she needed to call Ms. Murdock and Tremaine.
And yeah, they both warned her against Nic. But damn it, he was hot and he was good to her until she learned the truth.
Too good.
Shit.
She turned the phone on and dialed first Ms. Murdock. Straight to voice mail. The old woman wasn't used to phones. It could be days before she got back to Savon.
Fine, she dialed Tremaine and slid down the wall. He answered after a couple rings. "Hey, Sav. What's up?"
"Nikolai came for me. I fucked him up, but he'll be back. He's part of something big. Mentioned the Burning Dawn. I left San Francisco after I knocked him out and set his place on fire. It's why I moved."
"Damn it, Savon. Why didn't you mention the part about the Burning Dawn while you were here?"
"I hoped the bastard was dead," she countered. "Look, he's here, and I'm not sure I can finish him. He's a hell of a lot more powerful than I am, even when I'm using all the tricks."
"You're not using all of them, but I'll be there. I need to talk to someone first."
"Don't bring Liz. You're expecting, and I don't want anything to happen to her."
"I'll leave the decision up to her, but I may have someone else with me. That might appease her if I can convince her to stay."
"I need to get back over there before he figures out I left."
"Who?" Tremaine asked slowly.
"Nate. He's a doctor now. He treated the burns, made sure I was okay."
"What do you mean okay?" he demanded.
"I'm fine. Promise. I'll see you soon." She hung up and shut off the phone before washing up and changing out of Nate's sweats and into another pair of jeans. 
Trying to avoid Nate throwing a fit, she ran back to Nate's. Savon walked in the front door and all three wolves spun toward her.
She waved her phone. "Needed to make a couple calls. Nate's being all grumpy and protective, and I didn't think he'd let me get my phone."
Nate pinched the bridge of his nose. "Damn right. What if Nikolai came back for you already?"
"Without his eyeballs?" She shrugged. "Would be awfully hard to pinpoint me with every spirit wailing in his ears."
"Canagan is helping him," Jay stated. "I'm sure she put him up to it."
"What are you doing here?"
"When you threw me away, I went to get Nate. Figured he'd be able to help you. He sent me to get Bran."
"Whose side are you on, Jay?" Bran asked.
"I'm on my side. At the time, our goals were similar, but things change."
"How so?" Nate growled.
"We both wanted Killian dead. Apparently there was more to what she wanted," Jay explained.
Nate and Bran shared a look.
Savon sighed. "Jay, I'm sorry I let the spirits attack. I just needed a safe place, and I was too freaked out to take a chance on you." She silently begged him not to ask or elaborate. If he was on their side, she needed him to not make the other two question anything.
She needed some damned answers.
Jay watched her, understanding passing over his features. He dipped his head. "I'm here to help any way I can."
"Shit, we may need him," Bran warned.
"I have friends coming who are better prepared to handle a mage. No offense, but a bunch of wolves isn't going to stand against magic."
"No, but if he has Canagan on his side, you need me," Bran stated.
Savon snorted. "Mom show you how to use your magic?"
"No more than she showed you, but I've met other Sylvan Fae. I've come to embrace that side of myself."
She had to bite her tongue to ask if he knew where their parents may have hidden something that could help her gain some control over her magic. She was mostly self-taught.
"Who's coming?"
"Tremaine Gallagher. He knows Nikolai. Not sure who he'll bring."
"Who?" Jay asked.
"Someone who knows a hell of a lot more than I do. Look, it's going to take some time for someone to repair Nic's eyes." She shuddered, remembering the pops.
"Deserved worse," Nate and Jay snarled, both growling.
Okay, that freaked her out a little, though she knew neither would touch her at the moment.
"What did the bastard do?" Bran asked.
"Planned to fuck me into submission or kill me. Guess he wasn't expecting me to fight back, except I did last time."
"Going to kill him." Bran joined the rumbling.
Savon left the room, heading to the kitchen. For the first time, she noticed the house was completely different, and her paintings hung on nearly every wall.
She stopped to stare at a self-portrait she painted soon after the miscarriage and froze, her heart thundering in her chest.
Nate's hands closed over her shoulders as tears fell down her face. "Why?"
"You kept running. I needed something you created. Only it became something of an obsession."
"Why that one?"
"It's how you looked when I finally reached you."
"I was so broken, Nate. I sold it so I wouldn't have to look at it."
"Only found it a few years ago. I was afraid to go to your exhibitions. If my father knew-shit, he would have destroyed you."
Savon turned, placing her hands on his chest. "Yeah, well, he's not here now. And if he comes back, he's not going to destroy me. I know a lot more about what I can do than he does. A werewolf doesn't scare me."
"Does Nikolai?"
She lifted a shoulder. "Not until recently, but only because he thinks I'll shift sides, and he's willing to tear me apart to prove it."
"Won't let him. I finally have you here with me. Nothing is going to come between us until you tell me you don't want me." His attention never wavered.
"I want you," she whispered. "Thought too many things changed. Maybe they did, but not the important ones."
He dropped his lips to hers, threading his fingers into her hair as he kissed her breathless.
The doorbell rang and she pulled away, looking up at Nate. "I wish-"
He pressed his fingers to her mouth, laying his forehead against hers. "I have what I want-right here, in my arms. But I think Frannie is here to help with your wrists."
"She can heal third degree burns?"
"And more." He walked to the living room and opened the door. 
Savon came out with a raised brow.
Frannie rushed in and frowned at Jay. "What is he doing here?"
He threw his hands up and dropped into a chair. "Here to help. What do I have to do to prove that?"
"A smirk lifted the corners of her mouth. "As long as everyone is getting along, that works for me." She walked to Savon with a look at her wrists. "Need to see the damage."
Savon lifted her hands to unwrap the bandages, but Nate took over, quickly revealing the burns.
"Damn, who did this to you?" Frannie asked, her eyes wide.
Her eyes closed. "My ex. Can we not discuss that mess?"
"You need to talk to someone."
"Did already. For my sanity, that can wait until never."
"No. Nope. You need to tell me, and if I need to contact the Silver Council, I will," Frannie promised.
"Shit, one of Tremaine's other thirds is the Magister. I think I have the Silver Council covered."
Bran's mouth fell open. "Are you kidding me?"
Frannie bit her lip. "Might hurt at first."
"No worse than it did when the bastard did burned me," she answered.
Fran's eyes closed as her shoulders rose and fell. She was probably counting to ten. When she opened them, she took Savon's forearms and worked the spell.
The burn flared, then started to recede. Savon held her breath through it, willing the pain away.
Nate closed in, his arms wrapped around her waist as he nuzzled her neck. Savon watched the burns fade, her skin mend. Then it was gone, with it the pain between her thighs, and around her throat.
Did she know what Nikolai did? Or was Frannie just that good?
Savon hugged Frannie. "Thank you."
"I need to get going, but you're going to talk to me, and soon." Frannie left the house.
Before she could think, her phone rang. Savon didn't have it to her ear before Tremaine demanded, "Where are you?"
"Next door. You here already?"
"Yeah, Robert can take us anywhere in a second."
She stepped outside, and Nate followed, wrapping an arm around her waist.
Leaning down, he looked across the yard and softly growled against her ear. "You got to stop jumping to run out. My wolf is having a fit, trying to understand why you won't let me protect you."
She spun, meeting his gaze. "Nate, relax. Please." She turned back. "Tremaine, over here," she called out.
His eyes locked on hers, so did Robert's and another man's. Then all three stood before Savon in the next heartbeat.
Nate pulled her back with a snarl.
She couldn't resist a laugh. "Calm down. I trust Trem."
Tremaine's brow arched at Nate before swinging his attention back to her. "You two work things out?"
"Yeah, but come inside and I'll tell all of you at once." Savon managed a smile.
"Can I have a word with you, alone?" Tremaine asked.
"Yes." Savon turned to face Nate. "Please, trust him."
Nate dipped his head and stepped inside. "This way, gentlemen."
The one she didn't know snorted, but followed.
Tremaine gently caught her arm. Savon walked away from the door.
"That's Nate?"
She nodded.
"He's definitely an Alpha wolf, and he loves you, Sav. He needs you safe. Give him a break."
"I am. But he needs to relax, or I'll put off sex until this is over. He'll only get more protective. He doesn't understand what I can do yet. I'm not good with someone breathing down my neck."
Tremaine chuckled. "You're not going to last. You figure it out on your way home?"
"Yeah, hours to think. And then, after the attack, he did exactly what I needed. I just need to trust what's always been between us."
"Better get in there then."
She nodded. "Hey, you have no idea how much I appreciate you coming."
"Glad I could."
She stepped inside and started introductions. "This is Nate, my brother Bran, and Jay. And this is Tremaine, Robert, and I'm sorry, I don't know you." She met the stranger's pale blue eyes. She'd seen him, but never spoke to him.
"Preston Emrys." His smirk held mischief, but Tremaine wouldn't have brought him if he didn't trust him.
Something Nikolai said came back. Branches of Emrys. He had Merlin on one arm, and a lady of the lake on the other. Merlin had been known as Myrddin Emrys. Her head spun through possibilities. And Old Lady Murdock had a book with symbols that revolved around old legends. When asked about it, she told her it was the crest of the Branches of Emrys.
What the hell was she missing?
Preston's gaze followed hers. He chuckled, tipping his head to Tremaine. "She doesn't miss much. You said she lived with Old Lady Murdock and you all?"
"Above the garage. She doesn't know the whole story, not yet. But I can't get a hold of Ceridwen, and I don't give a damn what Draecyn thinks. She needs to know. That means they need to know too."
"We staying?" Robert asked.
"I am. Liz will understand. If you two go, I'll be fine. But I'm not letting that asshole hurt her again."
"Oh, I'm staying," Robert answered.
"Me too," Preston agreed.
That was a relief. Savon finally relaxed, knowing she had several mages nearby.

* * * *

Nate wanted to trust Savon, but he didn't like three strange men coming to Savon's aid with no warning. "What the fuck is going on? Why do we need the Magister of the Silver Council, his lieutenant, and you?"
Savon's eyes blazed. "You don't get it, Nate. None of you can stand against Nikolai and whatever allies he has. If he were a wolf, sure. Or another shifter. This is a mage, one bordering on dark arts. You saw my wrists. How are you going to counter a fireball?"
Tremaine stepped between them. "We're here as backup. She's right. Wolves alone aren't going to win this battle, especially if more of his organization comes out. If Canagan called him specifically, then something he's searching for is somewhere around here, and I have a feeling Savon is the key."
"What are you talking about?" Savon asked, her eyes wide.
"Your parents were part of the Branches of Emrys. It's no surprise you wound up with old Lady Murdock when you did."
Savon paced away.
Tremaine caught her arm, stopping her motion. "Look, I didn't know about any of that shit at the time. I swear I had no fucking clue."
Nate let out a growl. "Take your hands off her."
Tremaine lifted his hands, a chuckle bubbling up. "Calm down, pup. We're old friends. I'm not here to steal her away. In fact, I talked her into actually listening to you and following her heart. I'm on your side, buddy."
Savon elbowed Tremaine lightly. "You're a pain, you know that?" She turned back to Nate. "He's right. If he hadn't talked some sense into me, I may still be avoiding you."
Shit, he had this asshole to thank? Not comforting considering he recognized Tremaine from earlier dreams. He helped her get over him?then sent her back? Fuck, he needed to get her alone to talk to her.
Nate managed a nod, breathing through the anger and doubt. "What do you suggest?"
"We explain what you're dealing with and why. And I promise, I didn't learn of any of this until a few months back. I don't have all the answers, but I'll tell you what I know."
"How is Ms. Murdock involved?" Savon asked.
"She's one of the upper members of the Branches of Emrys."
She nodded at Preston. "And how is he involved?"
"Myrddin is his grandfather, but apparently, he's trapped in another plane, and has been the last century. You know about HARP. There's a higher level, more secretive, and they worked with the Dark Templar." HARP stood for Humans Against Radical Paranormals. Humans who fell in with them hunted Others. The rest of the group took others to stir up trouble. She didn't know about this higher tier but she knew plenty about the Dark Templar.
"Fucking hate those bastards," Savon muttered
Robert's brow wrinkled. "How do you know of them?"
"Everyone knows of them, and my father was a sorcerer powerful enough to garner their attention. Ms. Murdock told me to always watch for them."
"Shit. Okay, that makes sense," Preston answered. "Who was your father?"
Savon sighed. "Darron Roantree."
"Yeah, that explains so much. The man commanded any entity who came near him. It took Fawn to tame him," Preston answered.
Tremaine's brow arched. "Didn't think you'd know about them. They fell off the radar long ago."
"My mother knew Darron well. I met him when I was a kid. He would show up at my mother's caf every ten years or so. Last time I saw him, Fawn was with him."
"When was that? They'd been here for forty years."
Shrugging, Preston answered, "Thirty years ago, or so."
"How the fuck old are you?" Bran blurted out.
"Ninety. He's the old one." He tipped his head at Tremaine.
Nate bit back his first remark, trying to remember age was a number past a certain point. His own father had a couple thousand years under his belt. Maybe a few.
"Okay, and how does that figure into this Branches of Emrys?"
Tremaine turned to Nate. "Ceridwen had Fawn hide an artifact. Darron's spirits made it impossible to find. Canagan wanted it. Probably why she showed up here." He rubbed at his face. "How did she find out?"
Savon shook her head. "Don't have any clue. Never heard of it until Nikolai mentioned it."
"I've heard my father mention it a few times," Nate offered. "I don't know anything other than he knew of it."
"I wonder if that was why he wanted Fawn in the first place," Tremaine muttered.
"Where is Old Lady Murdock?" Savon asked.
"Scotland. I got a hold of her, and she'll be here after she figures something out." Tremaine rolled his eyes. "I'd tell you what if I knew."
"She always was secretive," Savon muttered. "Need somewhere to stay?"
"We'll go to a hotel, motel, whatever is nearby. Pretty sure we don't want to be in your way when things calm down. After you tell me everything Nikolai did from breaking your trust to attacking you. I assume all three of these werewolves are growly because they found you in a much worse state than you're in now."
Savon's eyes swept to Nate and she gulped.
"I'm not going to judge you," Nate promised. "You told me part of it already."
Nate caught Tremaine's grin from the corner of his eye.
She stood straighter and started a couple weeks before moving back. He listened to the story, his rage building with every new detail. Savon distanced herself from everyone with every new piece. As soon as the story was done, she'd bolt.
Nate did his best to calm himself. Being there for her meant not flying off the rails, which he was dangerously close to doing. The idea of anyone putting their hands on her in anger, and then trying to take what they wanted boiled his blood. He'd never wanted to commit murder so damned bad in his life.
Savon ended at the willow tree and reached for the door.
Nate breezed past everyone, slamming his hand against the door before she could open it. He held the other hand up, pleading. "You have every right to need room after that, but you're not walking out right now. We're all here for you."
Her hazel eyes glowed with magic. Her chest rose and fell. "I'm barely holding on, Nate. I get too emotional, I can't control what happens. Outside is better."
"Don't worry about that," Tremaine offered. "We can deal with whatever comes."
"Can't see them," she pointed out.
"None of us are afraid of you or what comes with you," Bran added.
Jay didn't look too sure, but he nodded. Seemed the more he learned the less interested he was in her, at least sexually. He was still pissed someone hurt her. Maybe the bastard wasn't the asshole he believed.
"Please, stay," Nate whispered.
Closing her eyes, she nodded. "Okay."
Relieved, he stayed near her. There was always the chance she'd bolt anyway.
Tremaine took a seat. "Nikolai wants the Wolfssengen Pendant. It's supposed to be the key to breaking through the dimensional barriers. It's also rumored to break bonds. I know Nikolai is part of the Dark Templar, but there was a time he worked for HARP, and they certainly want to bring another realm into this one, creating something else."
"The Burning Dawn," Savon answered.
"Yeah. They'll rip our dimension apart to bring the remains of theirs, causing a chain reaction that merges the two. Very few would survive."
"Yeah, got that. Some of the spirits filled me in on more than that."
"I'm trying to figure out why Ceridwen didn't ask you to join her already. She's been replacing fallen members." Tremaine hopped up and paced away.
"So you're part of it now?"
"Haven't committed yet," Preston answered. "None of us is real sure what to think. And since we haven't definitely said yes, we haven't been told everything."
Savon nodded, leaning against the wall. "Ms. Murdock rarely shared details unless I needed to know. And this is big. They're trying to prevent something that is only whispered about by those in the know. And most of them don't want to believe it's a possibility."
Jay moved toward the door. "I need to open the bar soon, but I'll listen to see if I can find out anything."
Savon met his blue eyes. "Hey, thank you for finding me."
He nodded. "I may be an asshole, but there are lines I won't cross. I hope you remember that."
Bran looked from the mages, at Jay, and back at Savon. Then he sighed. "Yeah, Jay, thank you for coming to me. I shouldn't have jumped to conclusions."
A laugh burst free, and Jay moved in front of Savon. "If you need help, don't hesitate to ask. I'm sorry he hurt you."
"Thanks, but I'm more sorry I didn't killed the bastard."
"I knew there was a reason I liked you." He ducked out the door before she could answer.
Tremaine stood and offered a smile. "Until we have some more information, we're going to take off. We'll be nearby in case something happens, and Preston can see if he can track down either Canagan or Nikolai. I have a feeling it's not going to be that easy."
"Keep me posted. Please." Savon hugged Tremaine, and Nate had to close his eyes and force down the possessive streak. They didn't act like ex-lovers. They acted like old friends.
It reminded him of his relationship with Evangeline. They made a drunken mistake and attempted to run with it. Neither of them could make that work. He needed to fess up to Savon and before Bran managed to get them all in one place.
Tremaine bent to whisper, "Let Nate in. Stop pushing so damned hard and follow your heart."
"I am." She shoved him toward the door. "You have no idea how relieved I am you came."
"You only had to ask for help. See you later, Sav. I'll be in touch when I either have more information, or have the bastard."
Robert dipped his head, though Nate didn't miss the curiosity on his face. And Preston waved before heading out.
Bran squeezed Savon's shoulder, then hugged her. "I'm going too. Want to see if I can get some answers of my own."
Finally, Nate had her alone.
The door shut, and Savon turned to him. "I know you want to protect me. And I wish it was as simple as being in my corner, but you don't know Nikolai."
"Why were you with him if you're this afraid?"
"I wasn't until I learned what he was involved in. Look, I've made more mistakes than I can count. He was a big one. I'm not going to apologize, and I don't want one. We can't change it, and really, you did the best you could. I'm the bitch who refused to even hear your name."
"You went through hell. I can't blame you for that."
"Yeah, well, that's behind us. I'd rather get to what's in front."
He held himself where he stood. "Tell me what you mean. Lay down boundaries. If you don't, I'm not going to be able to stop myself from following instinct to claim you."
She glanced down before her hazel eyes bounced up, locking on his. "Don't want to deny this anymore. No boundaries."
That was all he needed to hear.
Chapter 19


His brown eyes took on a golden hue as he closed in on her. Anticipation ran rampant as Savon stared into Nate's eyes, waiting for him to end her torment. Years of him chasing, and she thought it was all in her head.
The truth set her free. She didn't want to run anymore. She wanted to be claimed and let the past fall away.
"Forgive me," she whispered.
"For what?" His voice rumbled.
"Running so long and hard."
"Nothing to forgive." He captured her face and took her mouth in a kiss full of love that had waited too damned long. She pressed against him, deepening the kiss.
He broke away. "If my father is alive and comes back, I'll kill him before he has a chance to touch you. I'm not letting you go again."
She ran her hand up his abs, to his chest, covering his heart. "I believe you."
A smile burst across his face. "Tell me you want me, you want this. Us. Then no more running, no more distance. You're going to have to let me in."
"Already have. I'm tired. I need you, more now than I ever thought possible after hurting so long."
"No more hurting, Sav. I want to love you for the rest of our lives." He swept her into his arms and carried her up the stairs, to his room.
As soon as he was through the door, she twisted out of his arms, landing on her feet. Opening his pants, she leaned up to nip his bottom lip. "Shh."
He caught her shirt, sweeping it over her head. "Slow down. It's not a race."
"Need you." And she hoped the bond would wash out the lingering fear. She pulled his shirt up and unbuttoned it as she went. Then she pulled it and the undershirt off and tossed it behind her. She pressed her lips over his heart. Colors burst through his aura. Pure love, passion, and need.
A soft growl left his lips when she shoved his pants down and stepped back to slip out of her jeans.
"Fuck, Sav, you smell so damned good." He landed on his knees, running his nose across the apex of her thighs. He pushed her down on the bed and bent to lick through her heat.
Her fingers tangled in his hair as his tongue curled around her clit. He sucked and a ragged moan left her lips as she held him in place, greedily taking everything he wanted to give her. One hand ran up her stomach, between her breasts, and he pressed her down, onto the bed while one finger entered her, probing.
"I'm fine," she gasped.
He lifted his head, his eyes locking on hers. "Never want to hurt you. Want you soaking wet before I make you mine."
Tears burned as she dropped her head back.
He never meant to hurt her. She understood that now.
Curling his finger, he rubbed that patch that sent her to heaven. "Please," she begged.
He pushed another finger into her, stretching, drawing out pleasure as she toppled into bliss. Her back bowed as all the doubt and fear were washed away in waves of pleasure. 
"Come here," she cried, needing more than his mouth and hands on her.
"Nah-uh." His tongue dipped into her, a purring sound rising up, the vibration too much on her already sensitive body.
"Can't take it." She needed him to fuse himself to her, become a part of her. She needed him deep within her soul.
He drove her over the edge again. She couldn't see, only feel. Nate lifted her, and she bounced. Her eyes flew open as he moved over her, his tip sliding over her clit.
Bronze burned around his irises. Colors of the forest danced through the white and red of his aura. She pulled his head down, taking his lips, tasting herself on his tongue. She rolled him to his back, throwing her leg over his hips to slide over his hard length.
Nate caught her breasts, squeezing until she moaned, rocking forward and reaching down to grip his shaft to take him in. He rose up, one hand in her hair, the other gripping her hip as she rode him.
She'd always craved him when they were younger but this was more. This was pure need.
Savon licked up the column of his throat, feeling his heightened pulse beating with hers. He sucked her lobe, and she bit down. Her back hit the wall and he was so deep she felt his beast rolling through him, rubbing against her. A whole other entity resided inside him, its will matching Nate's.
She ran her hand over Nate's torso and the beast within purred. The feint image of the wolf watched her from his aura. 
One hand squeezed her ass as he pounded into her. The other caught her chin, tipping her head back.
"Mine," he grunted.
"Yours," she cried. 
Nathan's mouth covered hers, his tongue delving in, claiming every bit as much as powerful thrusts.
His length jerked and she knew he was close. Sliding her fingers into his hair, she pulled his head back, latching onto his gaze as she shot over the edge. Gold burned through the brown of his eyes.
Climax hit, taking him with her, staring into her.
The spirits murmured. Some sighed, others expressed happiness. They seemed to agree that she belonged with Nate.
His love, white and pure, washed out all the colors except his eyes. Pressing his forehead to hers, he clung to her, watching for something.
A tear fell down her face. "Love you, Nate."
"Never stopped loving you, Sav."

* * * *

Sparks of emerald and gold sparkled through Savon's eyes as she gazed back. A smile played over her lips and colors danced around her. Blinking, he moved down the bed and pulled Savon into his embrace. Finally, everything he'd ever wanted was there, in his arms.
Walking away wasn't an option. No matter what his father thought. If that meant killing him to become Alpha, then so be it. "Where do you want to be, Savon?"
"With you."
A grin spread. "That's a given. But here, or your home? Somewhere else in the world?"
She closed her eyes. "At the moment, here is fine. My place is warded, though. Nikolai can't get in. Neither can Clay, or anyone else I don't trust."
"How does that work?"
"Magic." She leaned up and put her head on her hand. "Told you, I've learned a lot about myself and my powers."
"Sav, if you're safer in your home, what are we waiting for?"
"We're fine for now. I doubt any healer can regrow eyeballs that fast."
"Paineater could take the injury. They'd heal it in moments."
Savon rolled her eyes. "I pushed magic at him when I popped his eyes. The bear mauled him. Not sure what all the spirits did, but when I lose my shit, so does every entity in the area, and usually animals. It's why I couldn't find a sorcerer to properly train me."
"Maybe I can help with that."
"Look, if you're really thinking about becoming Alpha, the pack is going to have a problem with me. I could control them, if I concentrated. Hell, I was able to stop a werecat who had no intention of stopping, which is only supposed to happen with a bond, and I sure as hell didn't have a bond with that cat."
Nate smirked. "I'm not worried about it. They'll have no choice but accept you if I take the pack." He ran his hand up her side. "I have to know. What was Tremaine to you?"
"Mostly a very good friend. We tried for more, but it wasn't a good fit. It ended amicably, and we became closer friends. Besides, he was always hung up on Liz, and then Robert entered the picture. And now, you have me."
Nate pushed his fingers into her hair and brought her head back to his chest. "I can live with that. And I get that he was there for you in a capacity I couldn't be." He pressed a kiss to her head. "I hate that you trust him more than me."
"That isn't why I called him." She leaned back, capturing his gaze. "He's more than a mage. He has connections. Shit, he catalogs all types of Others, and he knows more about what I am than anyone else. He's something of an expert on hybrids. And he isn't afraid of me."
"Who is afraid of you?"
"Sorcerers. I guess I disrupt their ability to use their normal entities. I've been told they're afraid to help me get a handle on my abilities because I can shut down any other sorcerer within my range."
"I'm not afraid of you," Nate whispered.
"Yeah, but you don't know why you should be. You may change your mind." A laugh escaped. "You didn't see what happened to Nikolai. He looked like a marionette in a hurricane, then the bear. Shit, I pushed my thumbs in his eyes until they popped, then got my ass out of there."
"Not freaked out now?"
"No. I processed the ordeal. I know better than to let my guard down, but I didn't expect him to find me here. Fuck, that was stupid." She rolled away and climbed to her feet.
"Where do you think you're going?"
"Thinking. Need to be on my feet. I just-I need?" She sighed. "Look, I can't lie here and dwell. I need to come up with a solution. I need some answers. And Ms. Murdock thinks I'll find them in my home. So, we go back to my place."
Nate hopped up and dressed quickly.
She picked up her ruined pants. "I loved those pants."
"I hate that he touched you when you didn't want it."
"Hopefully Nikolai got the point by now." Dropping the jeans, she pulled on the pair she wore back.
"You can't run from me anymore," Nate told her with a serious note.
She spun on him. "I'm not running. You're coming with me. And for the record, you are still going to work when you're on shift, and I'm going to continue what I do. I'm not giving up my independence or free will just because you're a werewolf and we're mated. I'm not submissive, though I can be under the right circumstances, but that isn't long term-"
He crushed his mouth to hers, stealing her breath.
A laugh escaped as she pushed him back. "Stop, I'm serious. You won't always get your way."
"You're still you, Sav. I'd never expect you to change, and you're the only woman I've wanted all these years."
She smirked. "So, Evangeline. Did you two ever hook up?"
He dipped his head. "Similar situation as Tremaine, which is why I'm letting it go and banishing it from my mind. Besides, my father hoped we would mate, and you would never enter my mind again. You were who I imagined when I was with her."
"Oh, fuck. No wonder she was so bitchy when we first met."
He shrugged. "She knew what I went through, but didn't talk about it. She was there when my father forbade me to come for you. She watched me fall apart, helped me find you."
"Look, it's been twelve long years. I'm not worried about who you were with. But if we run into them, tell me so I'm not thrown a curveball."
"None of them lasted. I'd give it a month, maybe two, and walk away because it was empty and meaningless."
"Nate, honest, I don't care. I'm no stranger to werewolves and their mate bond and the cases where the bond was twisted, there are reasons for that. I threw that at you, but not because I thought ours would be wrong, but I was afraid of hurting again."
"So many things are a mess, and I'm sorry."
"Don't be. We've learned a lot. Things we may not have learned if your father hadn't interfered."
He managed a tight smile. "Come on, let's see if we can find some answers."
Chapter 20


Robert shook his head, a smirk on his lips. Tremaine explained his history with Savon. Robert didn't mind their past. Now he was amused for a new reason.
"What?"
"Wondering about their families. I know Darron was involved with Draecyn for a number of years. So, him being part of the Branches of Emrys makes sense. But what about Killian Taggert?"
"He's an old wolf out for himself and no one else. And Ms. Murdock has always cared for Savon. I can see her ensuring Nate becomes Alpha. Question is why. What does she gain from it?"
Preston snorted. "Shit, really think she'd involve herself that much when she didn't save Liz from Sinclair?"
Tremaine snarled and paced away. "I don't know what the old bat has up her sleeve. I've given up on trying to figure out what she'll fight for anymore."
"Think she'll make her way out?" Robert asked.
"You're the one who could potentially see that. If you'd give it a try," Tremaine pointed out. And it was true. He could possibly.
He rubbed at his head. "Easier said than done. I haven't figured it out."
"Got to wonder what she's hiding. Draecyn says she was there, but too busy to talk. Which I call bullshit on," Preston offered.
"Draecyn's not talking. Bastard knows what's going on but isn't sharing." Tremaine flopped onto the bed and groaned. "I hate this position. They aren't willing to tell us much until all of us say yes to the damned Branches of Emrys. And my problem is that they've been using me for years, without telling me shit. It's the same now."
"Can you blame them? What we know now is probably more than they want anyone who isn't fully invested," Robert countered.
"Yeah, but we need to help Savon, so if it means telling her things we shouldn't, too fucking bad." Tremaine rubbed a hand over his face. "You don't have to agree. You both can go back to Edenton. But I'm staying until we have this handled."
"I'm not going home without you," Robert assured.
"Yeah, neither am I," Preston promised. "I have a feeling this could all boil over and the Silver Council will be here anyway. Best if it's us. And with the Dark Templar in hiding, who knows what they would do about your friend."
"Yeah, well, she's been through hell. She deserves a little happiness only Nate can give her."
Preston snorted. "What is it with you empowering the kids who've had shit luck and every reason to break down?"
Tremaine shrugged. "I've been there. We all need that person to pull us out of the darkness."

* * * *

Was it his business? Maybe not.
Didn't stop Bran from driving to Evangeline's home and knocking on her door. He wanted to understand.
Had he hated Jay for all the wrong reasons?
Shit, bastard wouldn't even defend himself, and somehow, that spoke volumes about his character. They'd assumed the worst, and he let them believe, but thinking back, other than killing Killian, he hadn't done anything truly wrong.
Fuck, Bran hated being wrong.
He knocked again.
Finally, Evangeline greeted him with wary eyes. "What brings you by?"
"What's your history with Jay?"
"Doesn't matter," she hissed, attempting to shut the door.
Bran pushed it open and stepped inside. "Don't. Seems I may have misjudged Jay, and I want to know your story before I make any final decisions."
Her crystal green eyes narrowed, her nostrils flaring. "How is that my fault?"
"You hate him. I assumed there was a good reason. But considering he tracked Nate and me down when Savon's ex showed up and tried to rape her, I'd say he might be an okay guy."
"He what? Why? What the hell is going on?" Her accent increased with every word.
"Look, you've never said a damned word when I've gone after Jay for one thing or another. Sure, he killed Killian, but nobody misses that fucker, even if he isn't really dead."
"Not dead?" Evangeline sputtered.
"Yeah. Savon makes a great point that he is most likely alive. I mean, why isn't Jay the Alpha if Killian is dead?"
Evangeline paced away, smoothing her fingers through her hair. "Stop, start at the beginning."
"No. You start at the beginning. What's the story with Jay? Why do you hate him so damned much?"
A strangled sound escaped her lips. "He killed my first mate. I'll never forgive him."
Bran paused, his brow cranking down. "You were mated?"
"More than a hundred years ago. And Jay wasn't in the wrong. Jasper was the second in Killian's old pack. Jay and his mate, as well as a few other wolves, moved too close to our territory. Jasper sent the enforcers after them. They raped the women and killed most of his pack. Jay killed the enforcers, but Jasper escaped. I can't blame him for seeking revenge, and considering what those wolves did to his mate, I expected the same treatment. He didn't touch me, but I watched in horror while he slaughtered my whole world."
"Doesn't sound like Jasper was a good man." Bran started for the door.
"I was naive. I didn't know what he was involved in. And when I learned, I was disgusted, but I loved Jasper, stupid as it was."
"That's why you don't want anything to do with me?"
"You're not the fool Jasper was. But I know what it feels like to lose a mate. I have no intention of going down that road. Find another woman."
"And Jay, you hold a grudge."
"It's why I don't talk about it. Doesn't matter who's right, who's wrong. It fucking hurts."
Bran caught her shoulders and told her everything he learned prior to coming. About what Jay did to find both him and Nate and bring Savon help.
"He isn't the asshole I want to believe he is. But he ripped my heart to shreds."
"Fuck. Okay. So, I've had it out for him without a valid reason."
"I told you not to hate him on my account," she snapped back.
"Yeah, well, my stupid heart hasn't given up on you. I need to go."
"Why haven't you given up on me?" she asked softly, vulnerability shining through.
"Because I've been drawn to you from the beginning. I wish I hadn't been, but damn it, I want you. Always have." He brushed past her, slipped through the door, and left.

* * * *

Jay couldn't fathom how he'd fucked up.
Killian wasn't dead.
Though that shit made sense considering he wasn't Alpha. And why hadn't he figured that out? Why did Canagan drag his ass out there? Because he had a feeling she knew Killian wasn't dead. Why keep going after Nate?
And yeah, being Killian's son was enough to assume Nate would be the same asshole, but after that day, seeing how much he cared for Savon, he no longer believed it.
Sadness filled the void where the deep urge to claim Savon had been. That need evaporated soon after he left Nate's home. She'd sealed her bond with Nate.
First time in over a hundred years he felt something real for another person, and he was back to emptiness. Somewhere inside there was hope. His wolf was ready to accept a new mate. Maybe he could find another.
That could wait until they dealt with Killian, and apparently Canagan. What had she gotten herself involved in? Revenge he understood. But she'd had eons to get that. Why here and now?
All over some artifact? All that shit went over Jay's head.
Yet, it made sense. So many wolves came and stayed as if stuck in Silvertail Ridge. Very few managed to leave. They generally wound up coming back, eventually.
He opened a damned bar, for Christ's sake.
Canagan waltzed up to the counter with a devilish smirk. "I understand you're now helping Nate."
"He is not his father," Jay growled, thankful they weren't open.
"No, but not many have the stomach for cruelty Killian has. Still, Nate must die. Then, and only then will you become Alpha."
"What makes you so sure of that?"
"An oracle has ensured that Nate's death brings a newer better pack. That means his woman must die too."
"I'm done playing your games, Canagan. You don't want me to be Alpha. You knew he wasn't dead. Why kill Nate?"
"You're done?" she hissed, leaning over the bar.
He stepped out of her reach, but her magic followed. The pull was real, but he resisted thanks to his dual nature. A smile spread across his lips. "I don't take your orders. Never have. Find someone else."
"It's begun. Choose wisely, Jay. If she's already pulling your strings, it may be too late."
"Savon hasn't asked for anything."
"Not yet. She will. Nate may claim the Alpha title, but Savon will rule you all with an iron fist."
He hadn't seen a damned thing to make him believe that. No, Canagan was far more likely to do that. "Get out of here," Jay growled.
Her eyes widened and she dashed out of the bar, slamming the door.
Jay leaned against the counter. It felt good to tell the bitch no for once. Which lent worry to Savon's ability to control the wolves, but she was more than a Sylvan Fae. And he didn't get the sense she wanted to rule a bunch of werewolves.
He didn't envy Nate. Poor bastard had his hands full with her. Though, he wished she had at least given him a real chance. 
Nate had his?but Killian had stood in his way.
Oh, who was he fooling? Savon wasn't going to choose him. She had history with Nate. And after her story, he couldn't stand in their way.
Chapter 21


Savon moved everything in her parents' old room. Nothing, not a damned clue.
She slid down the wall next to the closet and dropped her head into her hands.
"Relax, Sav. We'll find something."
"Will we? I didn't see shit when I was organizing everything."
"Then we're looking in the wrong place." Nate knelt before her. "Have you looked in your old room? Is there a chance your parents knew you'd need to know this stuff eventually?"
"Your secret stash, under the bed," the familiar voice murmured next to her ear.
Savon rubbed at her face and rocked forward, planting her hands on the floor to push herself up.
Nate caught her, standing fluidly, pulling her upright. "I don't care what we find. It changes nothing."
"And if it changes everything?" she countered.
"Won't change what's between us." He swept her hair back. "Nothing is going to change my mind where you're concerned."
A small smile pulled at her lips. "I don't know why you want me. I'm a serious pain in the ass. Sooner or later, you're going to remember that."
He pulled her against him and whispered in her ear, "Nothing important has changed, Sav. You're still mine. Always were. Even when you're a pain. I love you."
She dropped her head to his shoulder, breathing in his scent. "Why did I run so long?"
"You didn't understand. And I was an asshole to stalk you in your dreams, but even when I tried to let you go, I couldn't."
"Because my dumb ass was holding on. Fuck, I'm an idiot." She stepped away and turned to move the easel aside. The bed was no longer in the room. The loose board came free easily and she found a shoe box she'd never laid eyes on.
Savon sat down cross-legged and pulled it out. Lifting the lid revealed a stack of handwritten letters both from her mother and father.
"There are a hundred letters." Savon looked up at Nate, who sat down beside her.
He cupped her face with a smile. "They had to have their reasons."
"Yeah, I guess. And what about the Branches of Emrys?"
Nate's lip curled slightly. "I remember my father yelling at my mother about them. About the Dark Templar too. I don't know this Ms. Murdock, but it sounds like your friends aren't terribly happy with her and the situation."
"She is a strange woman. Always knew what was coming. Her warnings were always accurate. Problem is, I don't listen too often."
He lifted her chin. "You get an idea and you stick to it until someone busts through your mindset. That's not always easy."
She lifted a shoulder, dropping her eyes. "Yeah. I need to work on that."
"As long as you listen to me from here on out, we'll be fine."
"You're stuck with me." Savon hopped up, and Nate smiled as he glanced past her.
He moved forward, taking in the painting on the easel. She painted them under the willow tree. Colors streaked through the scene.
"When did you paint that?" he asked against her ear.
"This morning when I realized why the mate bond would develop, I gave up on fighting it. We'll work it out."
He turned her to face him. His mouth covered hers as he took the box and set it aside, then he pulled her into his arms. "I've missed you so damned bad, Sav. Every moment of every day you're on my mind."
"That's why you haunt my dreams, my thoughts, and me." She stared into his eyes. "Things are going to be messy. And I know you're going to want to keep me locked up until the danger is over, but that's not happening, Nate. I can stand against him in ways you can't."
"And get hurt."
"Last time I wasn't prepared and wasn't thinking. Next time, I'm going to demolish him." She pulled away, picked up the box, and took it downstairs. Dropping into a seat, she unfolded the letter on top. It was in her mother's handwriting.

Dearest Savon,
If you've found this, things certainly have changed. You've learned your gifts are far stronger than we led you to believe. We hoped to protect you from a war that started eons ago and has nothing, yet everything to do with our own world. We never wanted you to go to Ceridwen, but you left with no warning.
Maybe she was right and we should have prepared you for what was coming. She always believed you would find your way, even with the steps we took to prevent your power from fully manifesting. We feared you would become a target for the Dark Templar if they learned of your natural gifts.
We are part of the Branches of Emrys and work to protect Earth from falling to the Burning Dawn. By now, I'm sure you've heard of some of it. Ceridwen has probably trained you as well as she could.
You must understand, there are people who would force you to abuse your gifts. We believed if you couldn't fully access them, you would be safe, unlike so many of our peers' children.
Please know locking away your ability was not an easy choice. At the time, it was the only way to slip from sight.
Ceridwen had sent us on a mission to gather information. You were in the children's section of a library when a boy, a year older, took the book you were reading and gave you a papercut. Your scream set off every spirit in the building. Books flew at the boy, injuring him. We took you away from there, hid here. 
Your brother is only your half-brother. Killian and I were together until he learned what I was. He left me days before I found out about your brother. Darron was there for me, he picked me up, and we fell in love. Then we had you. Between your Sylvan heritage and sorcerer magic, you will always be a target for those who would use you or destroy you to get what they want.
Please, forgive us for our secrets. We always meant to tell you everything if you came to us. And we knew Ceridwen would fill you in on everything we were too afraid to tell you.
These letters are from both your father and me. It's our effort to prepare you for what we couldn't before. Read closely. There are clues to more than we could simply write.
We love you and hope you can find it in your heart to accept that things are not always what they seem. And hopefully, you've found your way back to the only one who could ever complete you.

Love always,
Your mother

Savon shook her head, staring at the letter. First of many. "A puzzle. I suck at puzzles."
Grinning, Nate sat down beside her. "Better than you think. Remember how we used to play Clue? You always won because you remembered the little details. Whenever we watched a movie, you knew the ending long before we got there."
"I couldn't figure out where you went, or where he had you. I knew he did something. Just not what."

* * * *

"I'm sorry I let my father stand between us."
Her lips twisted into a sneer. "I hate your father."
"So do I." He glanced away. "Did even before the accident. He kept telling me I'd replace him in this pack. That I was the next great Alpha. I needed to be stronger, harder, and ice-cold. He told me I wouldn't become a doctor because they saved people. I needed to destroy them." It felt good to finally offload that. He hadn't even told Bran.
"I knew he hit you when you pissed him off. I remember the bruises." Her eyes closed as a shudder worked through her. Tears shone in her eyes when they opened. "You never talked about it."
"Still don't. Didn't want to think about anything but us. You were always my escape. My joy. My happiness."
Her fingers brushed over his face. "I would have listened. I will now."
A smile pulled at his lips. "I'm telling you now. Told you, no more distance, which means laying out all the reasons I didn't come to you before."
"Start with why you moved to New York if your father was your Alpha. And why you came back."
"He made me a werewolf, but I didn't accept his pack. I refused. Evangeline and I had become friends while she helped me find my way back. Dad wrongly assumed I needed time to forgive him and let me go to college in New York. Then medical school, and by then my Alpha had a firm grasp on the situation and convinced me not to come back for the major events. It's why you never saw me at weddings or funerals. Why I stayed in New York. I didn't want to deal with my father."
"But you did come back."
"Needed answers. Someone came for me. A dark mage." He scrubbed a hand over his face. "He wanted to know where my father hid the Wolfssengen Pendant. I have no damned clue what it's supposed to be. My Alpha at the time banished me to keep his pack safe. I came home for answers, and to challenge my father. Shit, I was ready to slaughter him."
"What happened?" Savon asked.
"Jay. I was here two days before Jay challenged my father. I didn't. And the bastard came after me and lost."
"Jay?"
He nodded. "Yeah, but he couldn't best me."
"Why didn't you kill him?"
"I'm a doctor, remember? I'll kill if I need to, but it's not my first move."
"You've killed before?" Savon asked. Complete shock on her face.
"Twice. The dark mage who wanted the pendant, and a werecat who wanted to get back at my father. He challenged me and lost."
"I'm sorry."
He took her hand. "You've killed, haven't you?"
"Yeah. But always assholes who threatened our way of living."
"Our?"
She huffed. "Others in general. There are groups that take us to breed, to experiment on, and to fight with each other. So, I helped stop the hunters. Tends to end with killing."
"So, a magic special agent?"
A giggle escaped her lips, light dancing through her eyes. "I wouldn't go that far. Usually, someone I knew was taken, endangered, or being hunted. Ms. Murdock would send me and other people after them."
"Tremaine know?"
She half-laughed. "He took me the first time. Wanted to make sure I was safe. This was before we, uh?" She sighed.
"I get it, Sav. I do."
Her eyes closed. She was thinking the same thing that kept creeping up on him. What if.
He leaned down to her ear and murmured, "We move forward, we don't dwell in the past."
She nodded and lifted the box. "Looks like I'll be too busy trying to piece together what's in here."
"I can help. At least try. I'm sure Bran could too. He needs to know some of it, at least your mother's part, right?"
"Yeah, I guess. I still can't believe Bran didn't tell me about Killian being his dad."
"He tried. But you shut him down too many times to count. He didn't know how to get through to you without you being here, and now, it's one thing after another. He wants to sit you down and talk, but he's frustrated. Hell, he was more pissed you were considering Jay than I was."
"Why weren't you?"
"Told you, I knew it wouldn't last, and I can be patient when I know it's worth it."
She rose up and threw a leg over his thighs, straddling him. Her fingers delved into his hair. "Never was patient. You helped with that. You gave me balance I never find. Twelve years and I'm a mess."
"You're beautiful, amazing, and so damned tempting, but we aren't done talking, Sav."
"We have forever," she whispered.
"What are you hiding?"
She sat back, her eyes darting away. "What was the longest you were with someone?"
"Few months. I didn't see the point in trying if I didn't feel anything."
She laughed sadly and moved away. Before she could climb off the couch, he pulled her back down. 
"You?"
"Three years. It wasn't live in or anything, just together when we were both around. More than casual. I was trying to forget you. Nikolai helped in ways."
Nate ignored the anger wanting to rush forward. He got it. There was just one thing he needed to know. "Did he hurt you before you tried to leave?"
She shook her head. "No, which was why I thought maybe I could move on with him. Only, you were always there. How much do you know about him?"
He shook his head. "Just that he was a normal fixture in your life. You didn't dream much about him, so there wasn't much to go on."
"Because he didn't fill the void you left."
"I'll fill it now."
"You can fill a lot more than that," she murmured, rocking over him.
Chapter 22


Bran dropped into a seat at the back of Evangeline's shop. He half-hoped she wouldn't show up, except he wanted to see her without that devastated look.
He felt like a fool for immediately hating Jay, but the bastard made her uneasy. Evangeline was too confident and smart to let him get under her skin, so he searched for any reason to take the bastard down. She may hate Jay, but she didn't blame him. And she never said a bad word about him, but her tension was all Bran needed to push him against Jay.
He scrubbed his face, waiting on Nate. He needed to talk to the dumbass and make sure he actually got Savon under him. Maybe if Evangeline saw Nate happy with his mate, she could give him a damned chance.
Fuck, she'd been mated before.
Evangeline placed his almond cappuccino in front of him and took the seat opposite. "Still hate me?" There was a vulnerability he'd only seen the night before.
"Didn't hate you then, don't hate you now." He leaned forward, taking the cup with a smile. "Yeah, I was frustrated, mostly with myself because I assumed the worst without cause."
"That's my fault. I didn't realize you were so drawn to me. You've hidden it so well for years, I just assumed what I felt was one-sided."
"I was married, Evangeline. I loved Margaret." He looked out the window. "Maybe we weren't soul mates, but she was my everything. The mate bond loomed in the background, but I'm loyal. I ignored it."
"You never would have acted on us if you hadn't lost her, would you?"
He shook his head. "I wasn't a werewolf then. The draw to you was easier to ignore. Besides, you've stayed away from here most of that time. And now you avoid me, unless Nate is with me. Thought you weren't interested."
"Margaret was my friend. I wouldn't betray her like that."
"Where does that leave us, Evangeline?"
"I don't know, Bran. You were able to ignore it for so long, maybe it's not meant to be."
"You've been distancing yourself ever since she died. Not me. Is it because I'm part Sylvan?"
Her eyes flashed to his. "I didn't say that."
"No, but you're thinking it."
Nate strode over, and Evangeline stood and walked away while Bran stared after her.
"What's going on?" Nate asked as he took her place.
"Shit, trying to move on from my dead wife, but Evangeline is afraid of something. Maybe what I am."
"Give her time."
"Been giving her time." He pushed his fingers through his hair. "Tell me you're mated now."
Nate nodded. "Yeah. And I need you to keep an eye on Savon today. As much as you can. She's antsy after finding some letters your parents left. I don't trust her to stay put and stay out of trouble."
"She is a big girl, Nate. I found the spot Nikolai attacked her. Looks like the meatstick was used as a battering ram to take down trees. She can handle herself."
"That fucker nearly raped her. I'm not taking chances. Can you keep an eye on her, or do I need to find someone else to do it?"
"I'll do as much as she'll allow me. But, Nate, she's going to kick me out to paint. I have every intention to go over there and talk to her. I need to apologize for all the secrets, but fuck, she didn't make it easy to tell her."
"Yeah. Tell me about it." Nate leaned forward. "Please, go to her this morning. Maybe you can set her mind at ease."
"I'll do my damnedest." He rubbed a hand over his eyes. "Any trouble last night?"
"Nope. None. Though, that might be in part because Clay is down for the count, and I'm beginning to think he's really taking orders from Canagan instead of Jay."
"Probably. Now go. I need to get to Savon's before she tries to step out."

* * * *

The shout of, "Savon!" burst through her trance.
Savon was in her groove, dancing while painting, totally focused on the image in her mind. She spun around to find Bran standing there with a couple teas and a bag of pastries. Clearly irritated, but he still wore a smirk.
"Been there long?" Savon asked.
He nodded to the stereo, and she turned it down. 
"Sorry, I get to that space and it's hard to break out of it until I'm finished." She glanced at the painting and smiled. "But I can finish this later. Won't be hard to remember the emotion that invoked it."
"Is that Nikolai?"
She lifted a shoulder. "Bastard pissed me off. Seemed fitting."
"You've made him into a demon," Bran protested.
"No, just dark through and through. Maybe he wasn't always. I hope he wasn't." Her face scrunched up. "Shit, can we not?"
"Yeah, sure. Come downstairs, have a drink, something to eat, then you can go back to painting after we talk, all right?"
She set the brush aside and started for the door.
Bran pinched the bridge of his nose when he realized she was wearing Nate's tank top and if she turned to the side he got a view he didn't want. "Just put something on that covers all of that." He motioned at the side-boob he really didn't want to see on his sister.
She glanced down and grinned. "He left it on the floor. I put it on before coming in here."
"Not asking, don't want to know. I'm happy you two are mated, but I really don't want any details."
Laughing, she detoured to the bedroom while he headed downstairs. Dressed in jeans and a tank, she found Bran sitting at the dining room table.
"Good to see you smiling."
"Yeah, well, it's about time. Thanks for convincing me to move back, but you're still in deep shit. Why the hell didn't you tell me about your father?"
He rubbed a hand over his face. "Would rather Dad be my father than Killian. He's a fucking bastard. But I didn't find out until two years ago when he changed me. Not like you've been around much the last two years."
"Sorry. Look, I was thinking. And this is going to sound crazy."
"Hmm?" Bran asked, his head tipped, his brow pinched.
"I've seen Ms. Murdock take people out of this realm and store them until she could bring them back and set things right. I wonder if that's what she did."
"Why wouldn't she tell you?"
"She never tells anyone everything. And yeah, it's obnoxious, but I get it. I hold onto shit too tight myself. I don't let people in. I hold them back until I trust them, and even then, I don't let them all the way in."
"Will you let Nate in?"
"He was the exception in the past-now, I'm not sure." She glanced away, running her finger over the top of the cup. "I'm trying, but I feel pretty fucking stupid at this point. I was the one who ran from him, repeatedly. But I was scared to death he'd shatter me. I was already cracked and broken."
"Why?"
"Found out I was pregnant two weeks after I left."
His eyes nearly rolled out of his head. "What happened to the baby?"
She shook her head. "Lost her. I didn't want to lose her. I planned to keep her. I wanted a piece of Nate. But it wasn't meant to be. So yeah, I was broken and I almost didn't come back from that. It's not that I wanted to shut down, but I couldn't cope when I knew he was out there and not coming."
"He tried," Bran whispered, moving to put his arms around her. "God, he wanted to, but Killian would have killed you."
"Would have tried. Shit, when I lost her, all hell broke loose. I couldn't control my abilities. The spirits wreaked havoc on my apartment. One wrong word and they would start throwing stuff until I got some control. And because I stripped the control other sorcerers had to their familiars, no one would help me. They were all afraid. And if there were animals nearby, things got crazier. I was such a mess I stayed away. You remember how Dad used to warn me about listening to the voices?" She laughed bitterly. "After the miscarriage there were more." She nodded to the box on the table. "Mom wanted to tell me everything. Dad didn't. I think he was glad I went away. He didn't know how to help me because my ability muted his own. He'd never encountered that because until I came along, he was the strongest. So, I had to figure it all out on my own. My friends helped, but they didn't know how to train me. And when I lose my temper, bad shit happens. I'm still a time bomb waiting to go off, but now I could go nuclear." She snorted.
"I'm here for you. I can help with the animals. At least I can try. I'm no expert. At least Mom showed me how to use my talents."
"I guess Dad thought it was easier to lock mine up than train me because I'm too powerful." She shook her head. "He always told me not to listen to the voices, but those voices have saved my ass more times than I care to count. And I don't use them like I've seen him do. I don't welcome them in and give them power. Some of them are demons, and I'm very careful. But it doesn't help that all my knowledge came from books."
He squeezed her hand. "Let me show you the part I know. The sorceress stuff, I got nothing."
She leaned back and smiled. "Thank you. And I wish I had listened to you a lot sooner."
"Honestly, until Killian was gone, I didn't want you and Nate together because I was scared to death I'd lose you too."
"I'm tougher than I look."
"Sav, Nikolai is a dark mage. He could drain you dry. And after the mess I found back in the woods, he may only be after revenge now."
"Explains a lot, but it's not as simple as him draining me. He'd have to get to me first, and he's got to go through a bunch of entities and beasts to do that. He can't sneak up on me."
"He did, though," Bran countered.
"No, I hid instead of stopping to fight or continuing to run. I let him come to me. And he didn't do much to me."
"Your arms were a mess, Sav. Can't tell me that didn't hurt."
She nodded. "I did worse. I didn't know how far to push to kill him. For whatever reason, he didn't attempt to drain me. But he could take energy from another Other."
"Let's hope it has something to do with Dad's magic in your veins."
She shook her head. "Don't want to think about Nikolai for now."
Bran sat back and took a donut before sliding the other to her. "Still like these?"
She peeked inside and her eyes lit up. "Love them."
"I need to get to work, but I'll bring you lunch, and we can talk more."
"Thank you, Bran. And I'm sorry I couldn't hear you before."
"Yeah, well, you're here now, and we're going to figure all this shit out." He hopped up, bent to hug her, and hurried out the door.
Savon glanced up the stairs and decided she needed some fresh air. And yeah, it might be best to call someone, anyone, but she was going out on her own.
Chapter 23


Anger boiled under the surface. Nate took the stairs two at a time and paused at the door to the basement under the police station. Sure, he put Clay back together, but he was prepared to tear him apart to get answers.
Jay didn't put Clay up to attacking Savon. He saw what the bastard was feeling when it became clear Savon was going to choose Nate.
Bastard felt the beginnings of a mate bond, and he let her go.  
Until that moment, Nate hadn't realized Savon may have another potential mate. He felt sorry for Jay, but not enough to regret claiming Savon. He'd lived for twelve years with the knowledge his other half was out there and he couldn't do a damned thing about it. At least that unsealed bond would fade. Jay wouldn't suffer for years.
The dreams fucked with Nate for so many years that truly letting Savon go hadn't been an option. Mating was inevitable, or so he thought.
Thankfully, Nate's gamble paid off. He couldn't entertain the possibility of Savon with Jay.
Blood rushed in his ears as he stepped into the dim room. Clay snarled, stalking to the bars, staying a fraction of an inch from the silver that would burn his bare chest. "You can't keep me here. You have no authority over me."
"Sit your ass down," Nate growled, a tone he'd never heard in his own voice. He wasn't sure what it meant, but he wasn't taking chances.
Bastard stumbled back as if pushed, planting his ass on the cot. His eyes widened. "What the fuck was that?"
Good question. "I'm stronger than you." Beyond that, he didn't know. Their Alpha was missing, but Nate didn't feel a connection to the pack. Maybe it was a simple matter of dominance.
"Why have you been snooping around Savon's home?"
"Your father wanted her dead. We don't need another Sylvan Fae fucking with us."
"Canagan's the one mind-fucking you."
"She rewards those loyal to her. What has your father ever done for us? Besides tear us apart the second he doubted our loyalty? Besides you, of course. You managed to get away, why the fuck come back?"
Nate opened the cell door and stepped inside, quickly locking it again. He felt the air shift behind him and Nate spun, throwing Clay back, pinning him against the bars above the bed.
"That's not how this interrogation works. You don't get to ask questions. I want answers, and we're not bullshitting. Remember, I can destroy you and put you together as many times as it takes to get answers, asshole."
Clay gnashed his teeth and hissed, "Won't get shit from me."
Nate started the shift, putting pressure on Clay's throat. "You'll give me everything." He dug his claws into Clay's belly. "Who put you up to snooping on Savon?"
A scream tore loose from Clay as Nate's claws sliced through abdominal wall and between muscle so he could wrap his hand around intestines, squeezing hard enough to hurt but do permanent damage.
Clay slammed his head back, struggling to quiet himself. Nate twisted his fist.
"Fuck, fine, fine," Clay screamed.
Nate backed up, dropping the fucker, sliding his hand out of Clay's abdomen. "Who ordered you to snoop on Savon?"
Clutching his gut, Clay doubled over. "Canagan."
"How is Jay involved?"
Blood pooled in his lap, spilling onto the cot and floor. His dark eyes were glossy, a sign of shock coming on. His teeth chattered but he got the words out. "She wanted him to take the pack. Wanted to make him her bitch after he became Alpha," he panted.
"Why?"
"She can control us all. She thou-thought she could co-control him." He shook his head. "Watched him ig-ignore h-her commands. He's n-not just wo-wolf."
Nate tore the rest of his shirt off and stood. "What does she want with Savon?"
"Wanted to b-break y-you. Sh-she thinks you're st-standing in th-the way of J-Jay being A-alpha."
"So you attacked Savon?" Nate snarled, clenching his fists.
"Bitch could w-wrest c-control from Canagan, t-take us all down."
"Like Canagan is attempting to do?"
"Won't g-get the ch-chance. E-even if I d-don't tear S-Savon apart, s-someone will. She will d-die," he snarled.
Nate punched Clay in the kidney, once, twice, again.
Clay huddled on his side, balling up, pressing on his damaged insides. "Kill me!" he grunted, glaring up at him.
"Oh no. I'll put you back together. I'm not done with you," Nate growled, watching as Clay faded into unconsciousness.
Nate shifted back and dialed Bran to get down there. He needed an extra set of hands to put the asshole back together again.

* * * *

Nikolai continued to wail from the other room. His bones were broken, his eyes destroyed. And he couldn't draw magic for some reason. Savon had done something to him. She was powerful.
And Canagan had been wrong about Nathan Taggert. He was far more dominant than she had imagined. Jay couldn't best him. Nate didn't share Killian's values.
Perhaps it was time to change her plan. In a forest full of wolves, Savon called a bear. It was very possible she couldn't control all animals. With her father's magical background, her Sylvan side may have been limited.
Accalia walked over and placed her paws on Canagan's shoulders, nuzzling her face.
"What is it, girl?" she asked, shifting her fingers through the wolf's red fur.
Her head jerked to the side, her feet hit ground, and she ran down a trail. Canagan followed.
Faolin fell in behind her with a low growl.
Then Accalia stopped, sitting down as she stared into the woods.
Faolin' s lip curled.
Savon stopped, her head whipping toward them.
Canagan motioned the wolves to be quiet and walked onto the path. "Savon, I presume."
Her hazel eyes narrowed, green and gold flecks burning bright as the wind kicked up and the whispers of other beings rose to quiet wails. The hair on the back of Canagan's neck stood on end.
Accalia and Faolin howled, then scurried off.
Canagan watched them flee. Come back, or face my wrath, she hissed through their connection. 
They continued to run.
One corner of Savon's mouth tipped up. "Canagan. I remember your face."
"Aye, I attempted to sway you when you were but a child. Your protectors wouldn't let me near. Though they aren't so afraid of me now."
Savon watched without a word, no further change in her expression.
"Why so quiet?"
"Don't trust you. I hear you had a hand in Nikolai leaving the clearing. How is he? In pain, I hope."
"Oh, very much so. Seems you've sent spirits after him to prevent his magic from working."
She didn't respond, didn't even twitch. What was going through her head?
Canagan moved closer, but unseen beings plucked at her clothes, pulling her back. "We should talk. There is much you don't understand about your parents, about Nathan's. Nikolai was foolish to attack you." Never mind the fact it had been her idea.
She had hoped he could sway her to his side, but never imagined he was foolish enough to try to rape the girl. And now she had to find a healer to fix the damage he more than deserved.
"There's nothing you can say to sway me. I'm not interested in your little war with Killian. And whatever my parents were involved with, they never shared with me."
"No, but you're the only one who can find what they've hidden."
One brow arched. "What? So I can give you whatever it is you're searching for?"
"You don't understand, Savon. I don't want to assist Nikolai with the Burning Dawn. Though he's closest to finding the artifact I need to break the bond tying me to Killian," she hissed, moving forward.
Savon threw her hand out and sent her flying back. Pain exploded through her head and everything went black.

* * * *

Savon took the trail to Main Street. She walked into a caf that hadn't been there when she was a kid. Trying to blend in and catch her breath, she ordered a cappuccino.
"Thanks." She reached into her pocket. "How much?"
"First time in, it's on the house." He nodded to a seat.
As shaken up as Savon was, she didn't argue. She took a seat and pulled her phone out, sending a text to Tremaine. What do you know about Canagan?
His response came a second later. Did you run into her?
Yeah. I need to know what's going on. Savon ran her fingers through her hair.
Evangeline brought a cup to her. There was a wolf head drawn into the foam. "I hear you finally accepted Nate as your mate?"
Savon's eyes closed. "Are you here to applaud or bitch about it?"
A slight smile pulled at her lips. "If he's happy, and you realize what you have, I support your union."
"Thanks." Savon sat back. "This your caf?"
She nodded. "Any chance you can overlook your first impression of me? I'd prefer to be your friend, Savon."
"Why? Because I'm dangerous?" Looking out the window, she sighed. "Or you want to know what my parents hid too?"
She shook her head. "I don't have any clue about what your parents hid. I know to be cautious with you because of your power, but I'm not afraid. I offer no threat."
"Sorry." Her phone pinged.
Tremaine's response read, Where are you?
"What's the name of the caf?" Savon asked.
"Cappa Laurent."
Savon sent the reply. "A friend will be here shortly. And sorry for being pessimistic. Ran into someone on the trail. Man, Canagan gives off a creepy vibe."
Evangeline leaned forward, her eyes narrowed. "What did she do?"
"Not much. Wanted to win me over." She rolled her eyes.
Tremaine, Robert, and Preston walked in and came to the table.
"Safe to talk here?" Robert asked.
Evangeline's eyes widened as she looked from one mage to the next. "Maybe in the back, if this has anything to do with who Savon ran into."
"Yeah, it does," Tremaine answered, shooting Savon a dirty look.
"Follow me." Evangeline stood and led them into the back, and into an office that was decorated with elegant furniture. This was how she saw Evangeline, thanks to their first meeting.
"Should I leave?" Evangeline asked.
"No, stay. You might be able to give us some insight," Tremaine answered.
Nodding, Evangeline said, "She stays to herself. I've rarely seen her in the last three years. But I'll share what I know. One question, though, do either Nate or Bran know where you are?"
"Don't start on me," Savon warned.
"Shit, Sav, if you hadn't been attacked yesterday, no one would be worried," Tremaine explained.
She set her sights on Tremaine. "Stop. Back up. What do you know about Canagan?"
"She was part of HARP many years ago. She was one of the few there by choice, hoping to find the secrets of the Wolfssengen Pendant. Never knew why she wanted it, though."
Savon smirked. "She claims it will help release her from whatever bond she has with Killian."
Evangeline's head tipped. "Bond?"
"She's a Sylvan Fae as well as werewolf. When he changed her, she forced a bond on him. She can control most werewolves. Only the most dominant can resist." Tremaine rubbed at his head. "Who's on her side here?"
Evangeline closed her eyes a moment. "Quite a few of the wolves. Neither Nate, nor Bran, or any of our friends. I'm certainly not. But most of the town seems to be. Everyone who hangs out in Jay's bar, but if Jay was helping yesterday, I have to wonder if he's only hanging back, watching."
"Seems he was hanging back, watching," Savon stated.
"He came for revenge against Killian. At least that's how it started," Preston offered. "He's been part of several packs, and a lone wolf throughout the years. Because he moves so much, the Silver Council has kept an eye on him, but he tends to be a good pack member when he does join one. And he typically leaves when he disagrees with how things are run."
Evangeline agreed, "He only attacks when provoked. And Killian certainly provoked him around a hundred years ago. Destroyed his pack, though he wasn't directly involved. He was the one who gave the order. And Killian was a bastard."
Tremaine leaned against the desk. "I think someone took him out of this plane, saving his life. That's my guess. The question is why."
Evangeline shook her head. "That I don't know."
"Unfortunately, we won't until she's ready to tell us. But the way she's jumping through dimensions, I think Ms. Murdock is looking for him, not hiding him." He turned to Savon. "Tell me exactly what happened when you ran into Canagan."
Savon told them everything from the weird wolves, to the strange conversation, and knocking her away to leave.
"Why attack her?" Evangeline asked.
"Too many howling wolves. I didn't know what to expect, so rather than stick around, I made sure she was out cold and walked into town where she was less likely to make any kind of move."
"Smart, though attacking her wasn't wise," Tremaine warned.
"Yeah, well, her wolves shut up the second she hit the tree."
"You're lucky." Preston snorted. "Look, no one wants to see what happens if Nikolai gets his hands on you, or Canagan. I've heard stories of what she has done to those who get in her way."
"What? You want me to hand over this pendant? It's the same damned thing Nikolai wants, and it sounds like it might be for different reasons, but fuck them both."
"Wait, do you know where it is?" Tremaine asked.
"Not a damned clue. Never heard of it before he mentioned the pendant a few weeks ago," Savon snapped.
Tremaine lifted his hands, palms out. "Relax. I had to ask. I can't imagine you handing it over, but knowing where it is might help us deal with the problem. And right now, you're Nikolai's target. I doubt he sees you as a friend or lover."
She shook her head. "Yeah. Not the first time, though. I can't be a prisoner."
"Which means you call me, or someone else if you can't sit still that long. At least until this is over."
"Yeah, got it." She started for the door.
Robert appeared in front of the door. He looked over her shoulder at Tremaine. "Almost wish Liz had insisted on coming. Maybe she could get through to Savon."
"Why's that?" Savon asked.
Robert smiled. "You remind me of her. You're strong, independent, and don't take warnings well. Please, for all of our sakes, use a little caution until we at least have answers."
"And when will you have them?"
He ran a hand down his lapel. "Soon, I hope. Though Ms. Murdock runs on her own schedule. So there's no telling."
"Yeah, I know that well." She turned to Evangeline. "Mind giving me a ride? I'd like to talk to another woman."
Her green eyes sparkled. "Sure."
Tremaine caught Savon's shoulder. "Remember, you called me out here. Please, be cautious until we figure it out."
"I am. And I appreciate it." She gave him a hug. "I'm going home, and if I need another walk, I'll text you. Okay?"
"Thank you. Besides, Canagan may open up if she sees me. She once thought of me as a friend. Though, I was playing for the opposite side."
"That's a story I want to hear. Though later."
"You got it."
Shaking her head, Evangeline led Savon outside and around the corner to her Bugatti Veyron. "You keep interesting friends. I've seen the Magister and his Lieutenant enough to recognize them. They certainly are stirring up controversy with the DSF program."
The Diversified Special Forces in the Silver Council enforcers was a new branch that included Other types of casters than mages. Something Savon would have enjoyed doing, except her magic was too chaotic and not at all controlled, thanks to her parents.
Tremaine wasn't anyone she recognized. Though it was clear the other two men trusted him.
They slid into the car and Savon looked over. "Maybe the Council will stop being so exclusive." She rolled her eyes and stared out the window. "And thank you for bringing Nate to the surface after the accident."
"Did he mention anything about us?"
Savon turned toward her. "That you shared a similar thing with Nate as I did with Tremaine. I'm not worried about that. Besides, my brother wants you. He's a good man. And he mentioned your reservations."
Evangeline glanced back at the road. "I had a mate. And times have changed. I imagine he wouldn't be what Jasper was." She winced. "Looking back, I'm glad I lost him when I did. And I couldn't admit that until Bran reminded me Jay wasn't the monster my mate was. And your brother feels like an ass for judging Jay for my hatred. Never realized what he felt ran so deep."
"He hadn't told you?"
"Wouldn't listen." She snorted. "I understand you have the same problem."
"Yeah." Savon laid her head back and closed her eyes. "Unfortunately. We can learn, though. Right?"
"Yeah. We can." She handed Savon a card. "Call me if you need another girl talk. I don't have a lot of friends out here."
"Why are you here then?"
Her eyes locked on Savon's. "Your brother. I'm afraid to let him in, but I can't walk away."
"He's worth a little vulnerability. Trust me." She slipped out of the car and hurried inside.
Chapter 24


What a gorgeous sight. Savon swayed to the music as her brush illustrated a breathtaking scene filled with colors bursting from a man and woman in the throes of passion.
Her auburn hair was tied up in a messy knot, paint streaked across her arms and in the loose locks of her hair.
The heady scent of her desire hit him. Reds and purples seemed to flow around her as she filled in the scene.
He'd already heard about her run-in with Canagan. They could deal with that later. Hopefully, he could keep a cool head when he went there.
Savon bent, the shirt riding up, revealing her round ass under his shirt, and the scrap of panties she wore. He couldn't resist.
Nate closed the distance, dropping to his knees as he pushed the fabric aside to lick through her core.
A moan escaped her lips, the brush falling to the floor with the palette as her hands landed on the edge of the easel. He flicked his tongue over her clit.
"Nate," she moaned as he gripped her hips and feasted on her sweet nectar. "Wait?ah, fuck, wait."
"Why?" he groaned.
Spinning, she fell to her knees and pushed him back, ripping his shirt open. Buttons flew and she pulled the undershirt off with the button-down.
"Sav, I wasn't done." Pulling the shirt over her head, he smiled at the paint on the cloth, her skin, in her hair. "You're a gorgeous mess, love."
Mischief danced through her eyes as she trailed her fingers down his chest and abs, leaving trails of color on the way to his fly. "Hope you don't mind the paint."
"Not as long as I get to help you clean it up."
"Don't want to be my next masterpiece?" she purred, shoving his pants down his thighs to grip his length.
"I'll be anything you want," he promised.
She bent, and he caught her face, crashing his lips over hers while she stroked his length.
Once she gasped for air, he whispered against her ear, "Need inside you too damned bad to wait." He wrapped his arm around her waist and laid her back.
Her eyes latched onto his as she bit her lip. He sank into her tight sheath. Those gorgeous eyes rolled back with a sexy whimper.
Her hands landed on his chest, nails digging in. He found her end and slowly retreated, only to push back to the hilt.
Long shapely legs wound around him as one of her hands glided up and around his neck, pulling him down for a deep kiss.
The sweet spice of magic flavored her rose and lilac scent. There was nothing like it on Earth. Their pace meshed, speeding up. Her grip on his hair tightened as they devoured each other.
Everything he ever wanted, everything he needed, was right there with him. His love for Savon burned down every doubt and fear. Anything she asked, he'd do it, provide it, make it happen. He didn't fucking care as long as she was happy and his.
Her walls rippled around him, pulling him into release with her. He couldn't hold it back, no matter how bad he wanted to make it last.
Rolling to the side, he crushed her to his chest. "Didn't realize how damned broken I was until you let me in," he panted.
Leaning back, she met his gaze. "Didn't think anything could ever mend all the cracks. But you filled in every gap."
He trailed his hand up her stomach to cover her heart. "I know you heard this before, but next time you need air, let someone come with you, anyone. Please. Just until everything settles down."
One corner of her mouth tipped up. "Promise."
His brow arched. "Really? That easy?"
Rolling away, she climbed to her feet. "Yeah. Look, I wasn't thinking. I went out, wanting air, to explore, to take myself out of my head. But I get it, and I don't want to argue when I don't plan to do it again." She walked out of the room.
Nate rolled to his feet to follow. "Oh, don't you dare walk away. You say you won't do it again. I believe you. I'm used to more resistance from you."
Her eyes danced when she glanced over her shoulder. "Yeah, well, you're fun to tease, and I don't resist on the serious stuff when I agree. Everyone was right. I should have called someone to join me on my walk. I hate it, but I don't really want to put myself in that position again."
"You won't hear another word from me then."
She grabbed his wrist and pulled him into the master bath, toward the shower, where she cranked on the hot water.
Nate turned to the mirror and smiled at the streaks of paint. "I like the new look."
She laughed. "Yeah, well, Bran and Evangeline are coming to dinner, and I should probably go to the store, so I can make something good. Which means no paint everywhere."
He wrapped his arms around her waist and lifted her off her feet. In the shower, he shut the glass door and placed her under the stream of water. "If you use brushes, why do you have paint all over your hands, your arms, hair, everywhere?" 
One shoulder lifted. "Sometimes it's easier to mix the paint by hand." She glanced up at the ceiling. "I drove one instructor nuts when I did that. And I don't do it all the time, but the colors needed something more."
"I love how you see the world. You bring it to life." He ran his thumbs over her cheeks. Pink burst through the white and violet surrounding her. 
Her eyes hooded. "Hmm?"
"Didn't realize I'd get a little of your ability through mating."
Her brow furrowed. "How so?"
"Started seeing colors around people after making love to you."
She chewed her lip. "Yeah, that might take some getting used to. Let's hope you don't get the rest of the crazy."
"You'll help me figure it out." He reached down, grabbing the body wash. "Now, let's get cleaned up. I'm going to enjoy scrubbing you down."

* * * *

Bran paced the small basement where Clay was passed out in a silver lined cell. Nate put his bones back together, sewed him up. Then Nate tore him open to get answers, only to put him together again.
This time, Nate made Bran hold Clay's intestines in place while he patched Clay up. And considering what the bastard wanted to do to Savon, he had no problem with the torture, just never expected Nate to go there. Ever.
"Bran, what's going on?" Evangeline asked from behind him.
"Fuck. I need to clean up. You still coming to dinner at Savon's?"
"Yeah, but why are you so pale?"
A laugh escaped. "Starting to wonder if I know Nate. He ripped Clay open to get answers. Literally."
Evangeline snorted. "You did beat Clay until half his bones were broken for threatening Savon. Considering what Clay wanted to do to his mate, I understand Nate's actions."
"Yeah, I do too. Can't help wondering if this sends him down the same path as Killian."
"Not in the least. Killian acted on impulse, inflicting pain because he got off on it. Nate used his knowledge to get answers. He could have done far worse and left him to rot."
"Might have been better to let him rot," Bran muttered. There was something off about Clay. Bran could sense it, but there was no obvious proof?yet.
"Maybe. But Nate might need Clay later," Evangeline offered.
"Yeah." Bran scrubbed a hand over his face.
"He's not Killian. Nate wouldn't have tortured him if he didn't think it was the only way to get answers." She nodded to the door. "Let's get you cleaned up and head to Savon's for dinner. I'm curious how she pulls it off."
Bran snorted. "Yeah, me too."

* * * *

Canagan couldn't find Clay. He'd disappeared. No one she trusted knew where her lover had disappeared to.
Accalia and Faolin were curled up under her porch. And after getting a taste of Savon's magic, she couldn't bring herself to harm her loyal companions. They'd been right to flee.
Things were finally moving in the right direction. She convinced a healer to repair Nikolai. Letting the bastard rot was tempting, but he was her only hope of possessing the Wolfssengen Pendant. She needed it to break the bond to Killian, but it would also pull the wolf from her body, leaving her fully Sylvan Fae again. Then she could go back to the Sylvan Forest and seek revenge against her family, who sacrificed her life for their own.
A car traveled up her driveway, parking next to the Land Rover. Meridian climbed out, her pale blue eyes sparkling in the too bright sun, her short blue, wispy hair blowing around her pixie-like face. "You truly want Nikolai Svette revived?"
"Unfortunately, he may be the only one to break the wards protecting the Roantree property. My quest ends there."
The Paineater nodded, a smirk on her lips. "And you're sure you'll find what you're looking for there?"
"At least where to find it."
"You realize his mission is to find the pendant and bring it back to his masters."
"Yes, but I'll kill him before he gets the chance."
A shudder rocked through Meridian. "I hope you know what you're doing."
Canagan did too. "Let me suggest you take his ability to drain magic. I only need him long enough to get answers from Savon, or bring her wards down. And I don't want him draining her, or us. The magic he siphoned before will run out soon. Let him use the rest up dealing with Savon and die."
Crystal blue eyes narrowed. "He may not overpower her if he can't."
"Taking from Savon would make him too powerful. Sever his ability to drain magic and he dies before he can take revenge."
"Bring me to him."
Chapter 25


At the meat counter, Savon waited for the butcher to fill her order of lamb chops. She turned to Nate. "So, how was your day?"
Nate rubbed at his neck and looked down an aisle.
Gray-blue of doubt rolled through his aura.
"Talk to me. What happened?" she demanded.
"Needed answers, crossed lines I never thought I would, and I think your brother might be afraid of me."
"What the hell happened?"
He met her gaze and shook his head. "This conversation can wait for the car."
Savon looked around. There were several wolves in the grocery store. He was right. "We'll come back to that. Other than that portion of your day, what's going on with you?"
"That was my day, except when I was with you." Nate smiled at the butcher.
Savon took the package of meat. "Thank you." She placed it in the cart and went to the produce section for a few more things.
She couldn't help wondering what he'd done to look so torn. Then she realized what might bother him.
Clay.
What the hell had her doctor done?
And discussing it around other werewolves with super-sensitive hearing couldn't be wise. Man, she hoped he wasn't changing for her.
Nate tried to reach for his wallet at the checkout counter. She grabbed his hand. "My treat."
"You're having a lot of people over. Some of which aren't your friends."
"Yeah, who? Robert and Preston? You aren't friends with either of them."
"Evangeline," Nate corrected.
She smirked. "After this afternoon, I think it's safe to call her a friend. Let me deal with dinner. You can do it next time."
"What happened with her?"
"We had a good talk on the way from her caf."
He chuckled. "That's a relief."
"And it helps that she has a thing for Bran."
"Wait, what?" he asked.
She glanced back and shrugged. "Figure it might take a little work, but they'll be next to mate." She paid the cashier and out the doors they went.
He helped her load the trunk and took the cart back before she could argue. She slipped into the driver's seat, and he joined her.
She took his hand. "What happened today? Was it something to do with Clay?"
"Yeah, tore into him to get information." He glanced at his hands with a sigh. "Bran had every right to freak out on me. I shifted and nearly ripped Clay's guts out. Then made Bran hold him together while I sewed him up."
Savon's lips quirked. "What did he do to deserve that?"
"He didn't do a damned thing at the time, but Bran told me what he planned to do to you. He's never touching you."
"Thank you." She leaned over and placed a tender kiss on his lips.
"You aren't shocked? Disgusted? Worried I'll turn into my father?"
"Not in the slightest. You're worried about that, which is the first sign you're nothing like him. Second, and you need to understand this, I've done worse. Never without reason, but I can be downright scary when I need to be."
"What's the worst thing you've done?" he asked.
She winced. "Burned a vampire alive until he gave me the key to release a friend. Bastard was stubborn. Lost an arm and a leg. He gave it up when I got to his balls. I killed him anyway."
"For a friend?"
Nodding, she shrugged. "Not a boyfriend. A friend." She didn't bother to mention the casual sex. That didn't seem important.
"Do that kind of stuff often?"
"Sort of. Wasn't all the time, but often enough to consider it a part-time job."
"Is that what you want to do?"
"Not full-time. I need my time to create." She released his hand to start the Jeep. "You afraid now?"
"No. Like I said, the important stuff hasn't changed. You have a sense of justice and you follow your heart."
"You did the same. Even if you aren't comfortable with it now."
"Does it get easier?"
"What? Hurting someone to get to the bottom of something? As long as they are guilty, yes. If it were an innocent, then I can't imagine that ever feeling good. Not for you, not for me."
"He wanted to take you from me. Just the thought sent me over the edge."
A smile graced her lips. "Yeah, well, I'd do worse if our situations were switched."
He wrapped his hand around her thigh. "I really don't have to worry about you, do I?"
"Generally, no. Right now, probably. I don't plan on going out on my own. Not until this is over."
"I can't lose you again."
"You won't." She drove them back to her house and looked over with a smile. "And for the record, Clay couldn't have entered my home. He couldn't have stepped on the porch. He would have received one hell of a shock."
"Why were Tremaine's mage pals able to get on your porch?"
"They were with him. Had they been alone, they wouldn't have."
"And how many do you trust?"
"Not many. I did adjust my wards after Evangeline dropped me off to allow her in."
"And Jay and his crew?"
"I didn't put the wards up until after everyone left."
"You didn't lock me off your property."
"Thought about it. But you did take care of me that first night. As much as I hurt seeing you in the flesh, part of me wanted to fall into you. I was scared."
"No more fear. Not about me."
"None," she promised. What they shared was much more than what they had when they were kids.

* * * *

Savon gracefully moved around her kitchen like an expert. He was surprised because he didn't have the first clue what to do with lamb.
She didn't even complain when he stood there, transfixed, watching her every movement. 
He lost himself in self-reflection. Savon was right. He'd been justified, even if his choice of action had been extreme.
The bell rang. Savon smiled over her shoulder as she chopped the salad. "Mind getting that?"
Dipping his head, he trailed his fingers across her back where her shirt rose slightly to reveal the tempting slice of flesh. He kissed her shoulder. "Sure."
Evangeline stood on the porch, in front of Bran. She seemed far more comfortable around him than usual.
Nate had to wonder why. One more thing he should have asked Savon while he had the chance.
"Evening, Nate. You okay?" Evangeline asked.
Nate looked over her shoulder at Bran and made eye contact.
Bran nodded, no longer looking at him like he was the Antichrist. "We're good, man. Needed a little perspective."
"Then I'm good. Come in." Nate stepped aside and they both entered.
Nate walked back to the kitchen to carry everything to the table. She had the whole meal covered.
Bran laughed. "When did you learn to do all this?"
She shrugged. "Spent a lot of time with a chef. Learned a ton."
Don't want to know, Nate reminded himself.
They settled into dinner, and Nate insisted on cleaning, since he insisted on helping, then hadn't. Bran joined him and they fell into their normal banter. He could almost forget the shitstorm brewing on the horizon.
Chapter 26


Maybe Silvertail Ridge could be her home again. Savon finally felt like she belonged somewhere, instead of simply drifting. And yeah, a chunk of that had to do with Nate.
She smiled as his hand splayed across her stomach, pulling her closer.
He nuzzled her neck. "Morning, lover."
She turned her head, capturing his gaze. "Could get used to this."
"What?" he murmured.
She rolled to face him, wrapping a leg around his hip. "Waking up with you. So how does this work? You staying here? Or your home?"
"Nothing I need is at my house. Your whole livelihood is here. You're set up to paint." He placed a kiss on her nose. "Honestly, as long as I'm with you, I couldn't give a damn where we are, but you still have things to find here."
"That I do." She drew a slow breath and released it. "There's really nothing you want from your house?"
"Nothing I can't easily move. Besides, we could build our own home, something uniquely ours at any time."
"And how do you feel about becoming Alpha?"
He rolled to his back and pushed his fingers though his hair. "Used to be afraid of it. Didn't want to become my father. But Bran is right. I can lead without becoming that asshole."
"Why would you ever think you would be anything like him?"
He shrugged.
"You're not. So, don't. Besides, you know what love is. I don't believe he ever did."
"Oh, I do love you. You were always mine, Savon." He moved over her, dropping his lips to hers. She wound her arms around his neck, loving his body against hers, his taste on her tongue. Exactly where she never thought she'd find herself, but it was home, it was love, he was hers again.
Nate slid into her, filling her body and soul.
She flipped him over and rose above him. His hands caressed up her thighs, sides, up to cup her breasts. The firm pressure of his squeezing hands sent sensation straight to her clit as she rode harder.
His palms slid back down, gripping her hips as his worked faster, driving her crazy. Her hands landed on his chest as she rocked over him, letting him fill her over and over again.
He came, and she followed. She leaned down, sliding her fingers into his hair as she kissed him breathless.
He rolled to his feet, carrying her with him to the bathroom. "I want to play today. We can go to our willow, swim in the lake. I just want to enjoy you."
"And what about Nikolai? Or Clay? Or Canagan?"
"We'll bring our phones. If anyone sees anything, we'll know."
"Will we?"
Nate set her on the counter. "Don't tell me you want to stay cooped up in your house."
"No. Just wondering what everyone's going to think if we are playing as you put it."
He grinned. "Don't give a damn. I finally have you after years of not having you. We can finally just be."
She hopped off the counter and dodged past him to turn on the shower.
As soon as the water started, he pulled her hips back. "Slow down, Sav."
She glanced back, pressing her ass against his length. "Why?"
His hand slipped between her thighs, sliding through her heat. "I like taking my time with you."

* * * *

Pain, that was all there was. Sure, the Paineater gave him his sight back, but something was missing and Nikolai wasn't sure what.
"Awake now?" Meridian asked, her blue eyes glowing, though she stood well away from him.
"Yes, and I can see again. Thank you." He managed a polite tone, though he considered reaching for her magic. She did heal him, and he owed her a modicum of respect.
Canagan, on the other hand, could have found him another healer. One who wouldn't exact a price.
He glanced through the room and locked gazes with Canagan, who stood in the corner wearing a blank expression. Far enough away he couldn't tap her magic.
"We'll be leaving, and you'll go after your prey. Kill her, bend her to her will, break her. I don't care, but I want whatever wards she's put in place taken down. That's where we'll find the pendant."
"Now why didn't you say that before?" Nikolai whispered harshly.
She lifted a shoulder. "Would you have really gone to her home without her? You seem to think you'll have her in the end."
Unfortunately, he didn't. Not after she tried to kill him, not once but twice. The first time it was easy to think it was an accident. The second time, she pushed until his eyeballs burst and pushed magic through him.
No, she chose her course. It was time to get her there. He'd send her to hell for refusing the love he offered.
"Where is she?"
Canagan shook her head. "That I don't know. She disappeared sometime yesterday. I haven't sensed her or Nate."
Smiling, he stood and looked down at himself. Someone had changed his clothes. "I'll be back after I find her."
"Careful. She's more powerful than I believed," Canagan warned.
"Don't worry about me." No, they needed to worry about themselves. As soon as he had what he needed, he would destroy these two so they couldn't take the pendant for themselves. He assured the leader of the Dark Templar he'd bring the pendant to her. Their branch of the Council had always been secretive, working in shadows, but even more so since the Dark Templar had officially been disbanded.
His eyes narrowed as he spotted his shoes and shoved his feet into them. As soon as they were tied, he walked through the door, out of the house, and climbed into his Land Rover.
Nikolai found a turn-off near Savon's home and parked the Land Rover. Dazzling wards flared to life when he attempted to step onto her property. A crushing sensation pushed down on him as he dropped to his knees and struggling to get his breath back.
As his vision cleared, he leaned against a tree and called on his gypsy senses. He'd bound Savon with a tracking spell when he first seduced her.
Interesting, she wasn't at the house, but nearby. Hopefully, she'd ventured beyond her property.
Then he sensed her and crept through the forest, heading deeper until he came to a blurry spot in the landscape that was surrounded by her magic.
He noticed the difference in her essence. Her Dreamwalker had claimed her. Nikolai's heart constricted and he slid to his knees.
It was truly over. Now he just needed to wait until she reappeared beyond her wards.

* * * *

Nate was right. They needed some time alone, away from everyone and everything in a place they had called theirs. Savon lay beside him, her head on his shoulder as he napped peacefully.
The world had changed, yet their love never faded. Being in his arms was everything she needed.
A shiver ran down her spine. Nikolai was there, somewhere nearby. A dark blotch in the woods.
Savon sat up and considered her options. Nate would get in the way and likely take the brunt of the attack. She had no ability with healing, at all. She wasn't sure of the extent of Frannie's powers, but she did erase third degree burns. It stood to reason she could fix whatever Nikolai managed to do.
Just in case, she sent a quick text to Tremaine. Follow the trail behind my house, down to the lake.
She placed a hand on Nate's cheek and whispered a spell to keep him asleep for ten minutes. She hoped like hell that was all she needed. Either way, Tremaine would be there soon.
After yanking her clothes on, she stepped out from under the tree.
"Where's your mutt?" Nikolai hissed. 
"You'll never find him," she answered.
The dark shadow grew, sweeping out to reform Nikolai before her. His dark eyes bored into her. "Where is he? I'd love to destroy him before I kill you."
"I'll never tell."
"Foolish woman. Nathan Taggert can never love you like I do."
"Do you? Is that why you're here?" She shook her head. "You attacked me, Nic. Since when do you have more say in my life than I do?"
His expression softened, but reds flared around him as he moved closer, pleading with his eyes. He was a good damned actor, but emotions betrayed his actions and words. "I was going to tell you everything, in a time and place you would have understood. You know nothing. I never wanted to hurt you."
"You lied to me, Nic. And you really think your Blood Dawn is going to be better than this world?"
"We won't have to hide what we are anymore."
"If anyone lives."
"I will. You would have." He reached for her.
She threw her arm up and slammed a wall of force into him.
He stumbled back, rubbing at his bloodied nose.
"I don't want to kill you, Savon, but you've left me no choice." He translocated past her shield, caught her by the throat, and walked her into the water while she clawed at his hands.
He laughed. "You're no match for me."
Her leg shot out, catching him square in the nuts. He dropped her, and she dove underwater, swimming away from him as she called every creature and spirit to her. He screamed in frustration but kept coming. His magic wrapped around her like tendrils, pulling her closer.
Fisting her hair, Nikolai pushed her deeper into the water.
Pondweed brushed across her feet and she closed her eyes, reaching for it mentally, pushing magic at it. The stalks thickened, reaching for Nikolai. It wrapped around his arms and legs, pulling him farther down while she managed to break free of his hold. She kicked for the surface.
He caught her ankle, pulling her back against him. He wound his arms around her and magic washed over her. Tiny bubbles left his mouth with the screamed spell.
The pondweed grew faster and she splayed her hands out, commanding the plants to wind tighter until they cut past skin and the leaves burrowed into his body.
Her lungs started to burn as his grip tightened even as the light died in his eyes. Water filled her lungs as darkness set in.
Chapter 27


Nate woke to a desperate cry somewhere in his head. He bolted up, the world swaying as he found his bearings.
Under the willow tree, naked. No Savon.
Shit.
He closed his eyes, feeling for her. She was there, only barely, down, and to the right. His eyes flew open.
She was in the fucking lake.
He shot to his feet and stepped past the swaying branches of the willow tree now in bloom. Wolves, bears, rabbits, squirrels, and other animals were perched at the water's edge. The normally clear water was green.
He jumped over several small creatures and dove into the water. The plants shifted aside, revealing a lake monster clinging to her unconscious body.
"Hurry," something whispered in his ear.
He swam down and pulled her free. More blood muddied the water, but the creature didn't move. Then he saw the bloodshot eyes and the distinctly human face.
What the fuck happened?
Savon was cold, not responding. He took her to the shore and the creatures formed a circle around them. Frustration built as he started chest compressions. Water pumped out of her lungs, spewing out of her mouth. She sucked in a breath.
Her heart continued to beat in a steady rhythm, but so damned slow he had to wonder what happened. Other than a couple scratches, light bruises, and the fact her lungs had been filled with water, she seemed fine. Except, she wasn't waking up.
Savon coughed, and he rolled her on her side. More water was expelled, but nothing.
He felt her, somewhere in there, but she wasn't awake. The scent of magic rolled off her. Not hers.
Tremaine, Robert, and Preston appeared beside them.
The wolves and bears started to snarl.
A shield flashed around the mages, Nate, and Savon, keeping the animals out. Robert's head cocked. "What is going on?"
Nate shook his head. "She was right, this was a stupid idea."
"What are you talking about?" Tremaine interrupted.
"I thought we could enjoy our time under the willow tree. It's where I proposed to her before everything went to shit. Maybe it's fucking cursed."
A smile broke across Tremaine's face. "No. I feel Nikolai's magic. And I've seen that tree in a thousand paintings. It's special to her too. Now what happened?"
"We made love and fell asleep." He glanced back at the tree and shook his head. "I woke up and she was gone. The animals-they were sitting around the lake like they were waiting for her. And he's dead. Nikolai tried to drown her, but I think her magic kept him under."
"How so?" Preston asked.
Nate scrubbed a hand over his face. "Told you, the pondweed. Think she grew everything in the lake. He's wrapped so tight in the stuff he's bleeding. I want to be sure that fucker is dead." Turning to the lake, he growled low in his throat.
The animals backed away and ran for the tree line.
Preston's brow quirked. "Oh, he's dead, though I'd like to see what she did."
"Grew a forest of pondweed. Let me past the shield and I'll bring him up."
Robert lifted his hand and the shield fell away.
Nate shifted to half beast to be able to cut away the fronds holding Nikolai in place. He swam down as the plant life started to uncoil. Nate swam through the cloud of blood and sliced the fronds holding him down so he could drag Nikolai to the sand.
On land, he dropped the bastard and reined in the desire to kick the piece of shit.
Blood seeped from the wounds under every strand of pondweed. Bones had broken.
"And you found her in his arms?"
He nodded. "Her familiar or whatever helped me find her. Think Nikolai cursed her when she tried to escape."
Robert nodded. "He tried to take her with him. She's bound by magic, keeping her soul trapped in her body. We'll figure out what kind of magic this is and find a way to release her."
Preston rubbed at his arm. "You're a Dreamwalker, right?"
"Yeah," Nate answered. "But he's really dead, right? If not, I don't mind punching a few holes in him."
Preston chuckled. "He's a keeper." The mage knelt before Nikolai and placed his hand over his chest. His body burned bright hot and crumpled to ash. "Bastard is not coming back."
Nate shifted back and stepped under the willow. He quickly dressed and moved back to the group. "How did you know to come?"
"Savon sent a text," Tremaine answered. "I'm willing to bet she put you under, sent the message, and dealt with Nikolai."
"Fuck," he muttered and scooped Savon into his arms.
Robert touched his back, and they all appeared back in Savon's home. "Sorry, I peeked at the thought of where you planned to take her. This was faster than walking back."
"Thank you." Nate laid her down on the bed before facing the three mages.
"I don't imagine this is over, is it?" Nate asked.
"Not likely," Tremaine agreed. "Canagan was using Nikolai. I'm not sure if it was to get him out of the way or if she believed he would actually get her closer to her goal."
"Why do you say that?" Nate asked.
Tremaine snorted. "She doesn't take kindly to men taking from women."
Nodding, Nate looked down at Savon. "How long between her text and you all showing up?"
Robert shook his head. "About six minutes. I doubt she was under more than five. I'm guessing more like three. The problem is the magic Nikolai wove."
"I want to kill that fucker," Nate growled.
"Me too," Tremaine muttered. "Now tell us everything."
There wasn't much to tell, but he shared the details he had.
"Don't take this wrong, but she took in the odds and did what gave everyone the best chances. You came awake on your own, moments after she dealt with him. She sent a message to us. It was a calculated risk."
"I need to get her back," Nate growled, looking down at Savon. "She's not waking up."
"Because of the curse. You can try to reach her, but I have a feeling we need similar magic to pull her out, and I know who can find the person who can undo it."
"Old Lady Murdock?" Nate asked.
"Yeah. And trust me, she will help." Tremaine put a card in Nate's hand. "We'll find her and be back. Call if anything happens."

* * * *

Canagan waited on the edge of the Roantree property, and nothing. No screaming, no wards coming down. Nothing to even suggest Nikolai found Savon at all.
She called Accalia and Faolia to her. They crept up and knelt at her feet, staring into the woods beyond.
"Find them. Be my eyes," she murmured.
The wolves slipped through the foliage, heading into the property. She made herself comfortable on a boulder near the edge of the land.
"Really think he'll succeed?" Meridian asked.
"No," Canagan answered. "Fool was in love with her. She seems to have that effect. Even Jay Walker fell under her sway. She rejected him, and he's still firmly on her side."
"Then what do we do?"
"She won't stay across the wards forever. Sooner or later, I'll have the pendant. The Dark Templar will never have it. No, it will be mine."
"You no longer need me. I'll take my leave."
Canagan offered a smile.
Then Meridian said something interesting. "Is it possible that Fawn took the pendant with her when she crossed the veil?"
Canagan turned slowly, her head tipping. "She's dead."
"She is not. Though she's no longer on Earth." With that, Meridian disappeared.
Was that what happened to Killian? Did Fawn take him away?
The magic she'd wound around Nikolai broke, releasing the charm she cast to track Nikolai. She focused on her wolves.
The scenery shifted. They rushed through the land and came to a stop near bushes where a familiar face crouched, going through Nikolai's possessions. There was no body, no sign of Savon or Nathan. Where had they gone? Why was a hybrid there with two unknowns?
Back to me, quietly, Canagan called.

* * * *

Preston's head went up as something shuffled in the brush.
Tremaine's eyes narrowed. "What do you sense?"
He pressed a finger to his lips and silently moved into the woods. Robert's head cocked as he met Tremaine's gaze, then he shrugged.
There was nothing in Nikolai's things that gave him a hint as to what he was doing out there. They knew it had to do with the pendant, and the only people who could give him the answers were keeping things tight-lipped.
Maybe after Preston came back they could try reaching Old Lady Murdock again. Maybe now that Savon was in a coma she would have some damned answers for them. And a solution.
Gypsies and curses, a combination that never boded well for the victim.
Preston came back. "Found Canagan. Looks like a girl. I managed to get a tracking spell on her and her wolves before coming back here. There was a Paineater, but they already left."
"That's how Nikolai was whole enough to come after Savon. Wonder what they took from him. Not that he's going to be using anything now."
"Okay, first, we go to Draecyn and see if we can find Old Lady Murdock. No more waiting. This is too big for us alone and it has everything to do with the Branches."
"And if she insists on us making a choice?" Robert asked.
"Was there ever really another choice?" Tremaine countered. "Liz is on board. Christian and Emily are. What are we really waiting on?" Tremaine asked. "Especially if what Savon said about the Burning Dawn is right."
"You were the one with the most reservations."
Tremaine snorted. "We were pretty even on that front. I still agree with the direction the Branches are taking. Do you?"
He nodded. "Might need you to remind me at times."
Tremaine pulled Robert closer. "You got it. Now let's get answers. I can't leave Savon stuck."
"Her man might manage to pull her out."
Doubt it. I'm nearly positive the curse Nikolai used puts her so deep in her soul she can't get out without magic to unlock the chains holding her there."
"Then we'll find help, whatever it takes."

* * * *

Nate held Savon in his arms, wishing he knew what to do. She was there, under the surface. He could feel her, faintly. He wanted to climb into her head and pull her out, but he wasn't sure where to start. Asking Evangeline for help seemed the best bet, but he needed to figure out how.
Someone banged on the door. Most likely Bran, who'd been calling. He probably should have called the second they were back.
He pressed a kiss to Savon's lips before hurrying down the stairs. Bran stood on the porch with a glare. "What the fuck is going on? Why is no one answering their phone?"
Nate tipped his head to the coffee table where his and hers lay. "Sorry. I should have called. Been a little hectic. Come up. Or maybe?I don't know, maybe Evangeline should be here."
"What is going on?" Bran demanded.
He started up the stairs. "Follow me."
"Damn it, Nate. What's going on?"
Nate stopped midway up and pinned Bran with a glare. "Nikolai showed up. I was asleep. She made sure I stayed asleep, and we're going to have one hell of a talk when I do wake her up."
"Wake her up? What the fuck, dude!"
Nate continued to the room and stopped at the side of the bed. He'd cleaned up the scratches, dried her hair, and redressed her in cotton pants and a tank top.
He told Bran everything.
"And you never thought to call me?" Bran demanded.
"I was getting there. I needed to sort my fucking thoughts. This all ties to the damned pendant. And the fucked up thing, they're all right. Wolves alone aren't going to stop these fuckers. So as much as I fucking hate she put me under, she did set everything up for the best outcome."
"She could have drowned," Bran pointed out.
"Hence the long-damned talk."
"And you want Evangeline to help you bring her out?"
"Can't hurt to try. She knows more about that than I do."
Bran walked out the door and hurried down the stairs.
The doubts hit. Nate closed his eyes, trying to block that voice that nagged him too damned often.
She doesn't trust you.
You would have been in the way.
Why are you still holding on when she's so much stronger than you?
His hands flexed and he shut down that voice, focusing on the fact she was right. "Sav, baby, come back to me," he whispered.
Bran came back. "Evangeline is on the way. Now why the fuck did you go to the tree?"
Nate scrubbed a hand over his face. "That's our spot. That's where I proposed the first time. I just, I thought it would be fine. She's warded the Willow against everything." He curled his fingers through Savon's. My father couldn't even see the damned tree."
"Think you can reach her in there?"
"Probably. But Evangeline couldn't pull me out of a normal coma, and there was no magic involved."
"Right. Well, she wasn't your mate either. Think that will help?"
"Hope so." He didn't have a damned clue.
"At least you got her out of the lake before it was too late." Bran leaned against the dresser with a sigh. "She can't just be gone."
"I can feel Savon. God, I hope Evangeline hurries."
"She's coming from the caf. Give her a few."
Chapter 28


Draecyn's library spanned acres. It made Tremaine's head spin. He needed to find Ceridwen and drag the answers out of her.
Preston pulled Robert and Tremaine down another aisle and came to a stop in front of Ms. Murdock.
"We have a problem," she stated.
"No shit," Tremaine replied. He fought for a calm tone. "Savon's in a coma. Nikolai fucking cursed her. No magic I recognize. Seems Canagan is there, looking for the Wolfssengen Pendant, which I thought was a damned myth. You tell me, what the fuck is going on?" By the end, he could barely contain his anger.
"Tell me you'll at least keep our secrets if not join us," Ceridwen stated.
"We'll join you. Next time fill us the fuck in," Tremaine snapped back.
Robert nodded his acknowledgment.
Preston agreed.
"And Liz?" she asked.
"She's on board," Robert promised.
"Very well. Come, we have much to discuss because I have more to add to that list."
Tremaine wanted to hit something so damned bad he had to close his eyes and count to fifty before moving. He didn't want to blow up at her if she was about to help solve the fucking problem for once. Usually she gave them the runaround and suggestions. Hence, the trepidation about officially joining her cause.
If she didn't start providing something useful soon, they'd all walk.
Ceridwen stopped before a hearth. 
Draecyn looked up from an old tome. "You're back, and just in time."
"In time for what?" Robert asked.
"To learn the root of the current issue," Draecyn answered.
"And that is?" Preston prompted.
"How much do you know about the Roantrees and Taggerts in Silvertail Ridge?" Ceridwen asked.
"Not nearly enough. We found some information in archives about them, but most was redacted," Preston pointed out.
"For good reasons," Draecyn answered. "Killian Taggert has dipped his toes into HARP and the Branches of Emrys for ages. Fawn joined the Branches of Emrys around five hundred years ago. She married Darron Roantree thirty-four years ago. She'd been sent to find Killian Taggert, who stole the Wolfssengen Pendant some forty-two years ago."
"Killian is definitely not on our side?" Tremaine asked. "Please tell me neither Bran Roantree, nor Nathan Taggert have anything to do with the pendant."
"No, thankfully, since Savon has always been tied to Nathan. Only together can either find happiness. And Bran is half of what Killian hated, so he would have never entrusted him with such knowledge."
"Where is Killian?" Tremaine asked.
"Deep in the Sylvan Forest, far beyond the main realms of Faery. Fawn took him there after Killian killed Darron. She's keeping him alive, torturing him. She didn't want Jay Walker to become the next Alpha. She wanted to ensure Nate had a chance, and he wouldn't be ready until he had Savon back. She knew how much one needed the other."
Tremaine paced away. "Savon believes Fawn is dead."
"Aye, she does," answered Ceridwen. "I believed her dead all this time, but I have trouble seeing beyond the veil unless I travel to the realm they're in."
"So you found them, and you didn't bring them back?" Tremaine raked his hands through his hair. "Why not?"
She lifted a single shoulder. "Need a Sylvan Fae to get there. Preferably one related to Fawn."
"So, you're going to end this curse Nikolai put on Savon?"
"I'll bring someone to break the curse, but Nate will need to be the one who brings her back. We'll have to go to Fawn at some point and deal with Killian. And I'm not sure what to do about Fawn. I fear she may have lost her mind."
Preston rolled his eyes. "That's perfect. And what about Canagan?"
Ms. Murdock smirked. "She'll need to be dealt with, either before or after Killian. Neither will harm the other, though, because they'll inflict the same damage to themselves."
"Why?" Tremaine asked.
"Backfired curse." She looked at Draecyn. "I think bringing the pendant here would be the wise choice. Clearly Fawn is not our best option."
"What about Savon?" Robert asked. "She seems capable."
"Most likely. I need to know she's ready."
"Are you worried about Nate?" Preston asked.
"Oh no. I trust that boy with her life. I also believe she'll unlock his potential to lead," Ms. Murdock answered.
"The pack?" Tremaine prompted
"Yeah. And he'll do fabulous, as long as everything goes to plan."
"Who's plan?" Robert demanded.
"Fawn's. What I can figure is crazy, but might be the answer. She clearly grasps the problem and believes she has a solution. Nate needs to take the pack from his father. Not Jay, who I believe is a better fit in Seattle. He's only sticking around to ensure Killian is dead and gone."
Tremaine lifted his hands. "All right then, let's get back to Savon and break the spell."
"Go back there, keep an eye on her, on Nate, and I'll be there as soon as I track down Nikolai's clan."

* * * *

Nate didn't even move when the bell rang.
Bran hurried down the stairs and opened the door to find Evangeline looking slightly frazzled. "You okay?"
She glanced around and stepped inside. "I did some digging, found out about Nikolai. The guy is bad news."
"Yeah, we know. Come upstairs."
"I don't think we can pull her out of the coma. There's old magic involved. He's the worst kind of gypsy."
"He's dead," Bran answered. "Doesn't that usually nullify the curse?"
"Not in his case."
"Fuck. Then what does?"
She shook her head. "Not sure anything will. Not unless we track down his clan."
"Clan?"
"He's Romani. Only someone from his clan can offer help breaking it. His last name isn't common. How would we even go about finding him?"
Robert, Tremaine, and Preston appeared before she could ask the last.
She turned to them, her mouth popping open. "The mages?"
Bran rolled his eyes. "They're here to help."
Tremaine stepped forward. "Old Lady Murdock knows where to find Nikolai's clan. She will do everything in her power to bring someone here to fix the problem."
"That's a relief." Bran scrubbed a hand over his face.
Evangeline glanced up the stairs. "I'm another Dreamwalker. Nate and I are going to try to reach Savon." She rubbed one arm. "I'm sure he wants to reach her now. I need to get up there before he tries because there's a real chance he could lose himself in there if he's not careful."
"Think he'll listen?" Tremaine asked.
"That's why I need to hurry." Evangeline rushed up the stairs.
Bran followed. Everyone else would come up. At this point, he didn't care. He wanted his sister back.
Nate looked up. "Any news?"
"Yeah. Not sure how you'll take it," Preston offered.
"Hit me with it," Nate replied.
Tremaine looked at Bran. "First, your mother is alive. She's the one who has Killian, in a part of Faery no one, save for a Sylvan Fae, can reach. Sounds like she's taking revenge out on him for killing Darron."
Bran shook his head. "But she died with Dad, in the same accident."
"She didn't die. Not sure who did, but Old Lady Murdock found her."
"I don't care what shape he's in. I'll challenge my father."
"Got to bring him back here. In Faery it won't have any bearing on the pack. In fact, it may disassemble the pack magic and there will be a fight for Alpha position."
"Fine, what do we need to do?"
Tremaine answered, "Get Savon back first, but Ms. Murdock is on her way to find Nikolai's clan and bring someone here to break the magic. You may or may not be able to reach Savon before then, but she won't come out of the magical coma."
"What happens in the meantime?"
"We'll keep watch, waiting to see if Canagan makes her move. If we see something you need to know about, we'll call, or you call us," Preston answered.
Robert pulled out several cards. "That goes for all of you. We need to know if you hear or see anything. We'll be keeping an eye on Canagan. In fact, we can track her. We'll know if she makes a move."
"Wait," Preston said. "Do any of you know a Paineater?"
Bran walked out of the room, rubbing at his face.
That damned woman?
He came back. "Meridian Lagoon. Blue hair, pale blue eyes. She's, uh, she healed that bastard, didn't she?"
"Believe so," Tremaine answered. "She may not have had much of a choice in the matter. She made an oath to Canagan long ago. And until Meridian completes her end of the bargain, she has to do as asked."
"What?" Bran whispered.
"She's a pawn. That's all. She wants free of Canagan."
"That's not the story my mother tells," Bran argued.
"No, but she may not know all of it. I knew both Canagan and Meridian long ago. Shit, this is all tying together. Ceridwen better hurry her ass up because I have even more questions than I did before we found her."
"What are you talking about?" Nate demanded.
"It's complicated, and until I know for sure what I'm going on about, I'd prefer to have answers. I hope she hurries." He turned to Robert. "Let's see what we can find."
They disappeared. Bran stared after them.

* * * *

Nate turned to Evangeline. "You'll help me find her?"
"I'll do what I can. I don't know her like you do. And you haven't been around her in years. Navigating may not be easy. Depending on how far she's retreated, it can take us days to reach her."
"With or without you, I have to try."
"She may be lost, Nate. Not for good, but when you do find her, she may not have any recollection, like when I found you. She may be so deep, she doesn't know how to crawl back. You should have an easier time helping her find her way, but it won't be easy. You'll see things in her memory, things you may not want to know. Twelve years is a long time, Nate. She didn't think you were coming for her."
"I don't give a shit what she did during those twelve years. I finally have her, and nothing is going to keep me from her."
A sad smile pulled at her lips. "I'm glad to hear that. Now, lie back and pull her toward you. It will help to have physical contact. I'll be here too, but you're going to have to lead."
"Fine with me." Nate lay near the edge of the bed and pulled Savon into his arms.
Evangeline joined them on the bed and touched her arm. "We may have to do this in bursts. We'll be able to go back to where we were if we have to come back. And, Nate, it took me a week to find you. You can't expect to reach her right now."
"I realize that, but I have to go after her."
Chapter 29


Dark.
Empty.
Something missing.
Black for miles and miles.
Every time she closed her eyes she saw those warm brown eyes, searching, passing over her.
She wanted to reach for him, but couldn't move.
No feeling.
Nothing.
He called something out.
The sound was distorted.
Die with me, the other voice whispered in her head. Join me in hell.
She watched those brown eyes sweeping through her vision, constantly moving.
Who was he?
Why did she want to go to him?
Then his eyes zipped away before disappearing.
She screamed out, but he was gone.

* * * *

They'd been at it for hours, and Evangeline had been right. Savon had retreated so deep it could take eons to find her.
"You need food," Evangeline reminded for the dozenth time.
"Yeah, okay." 
Evangeline started to leave, then her essence wrapped around his, yanking Nate out of Savon's mind.
Nate bolted upright. "Shit, you didn't need to rip me into reality," he snarled.
"You need food. Trust me. Been here, did this-with you." Evangeline climbed off the bed with a frown. "Where did Bran go?"
"Probably downstairs. I can't imagine watching three people sleeping is real fun," Nate muttered. "Why don't you check on him?"
"Why don't you come down there and eat something. You can come back and look again afterward."
Nate rubbed a hand over his face and his stomach rumbled. She was right. He needed to put something in his stomach. His shoulders deflated as he stood and headed downstairs. He found Bran lying back on the couch.
"Chinese should be here shortly. Didn't want to leave before you were awake, so Chris is dropping it off."
"Thanks. He dropped into a seat and took a look at his watch. Eight hours of searching and no matter how strongly he felt her presence, he couldn't find her.
Evangeline sat across from Nate. "I told you it might not be easy to find her. It could take some time. And that curse, I can feel it closing in while we're in there."
"What do you mean?" Nate asked.
"Not for us, but it's pushing her deeper, Nate. I'm not sure we'll manage to find her before this woman comes and breaks it, if she can even find his clan."
"There has to be another way," Bran stated.
"Should be, and I'll talk to my grandmother, see if she has any idea, because right now, we're stumbling through the dark. I didn't see a single memory yet, and we pushed deeper than I've ever gone into someone's head for the first time."
"I've spent years in there with her. I know her mind better than I probably know my own. Which is why nothing is going to stop me."
"And why I'll be here to make sure you stop when you need to."
Nate shot to his feet and walked to the kitchen. "I hate this. Fucking hate it." He grabbed the pitcher of tea and paused. She'd made it that morning, a sway in her step, a smile on her lips. He didn't think anything could ever go wrong a few short hours ago.
A fucking fantasy.
Finding her was the only option. Pulling her to the surface was his mission. He didn't give a damn about anything else, except killing his damned father. Without him, none of this would be necessary. Neither of them would be in Silvertail Ridge.
Pure fucking suffering for twelve long years. Knowing he could reach out for her and she ran. And the worst part, he hurt her worse by chasing, but he didn't know how to stop.
He placed the tea back in the fridge and leaned against the counter, suddenly not hungry, not thirsty, nothing but lonely when she was upstairs, trapped deep inside her mind.
The bell rang and he didn't look up. Bran spoke with Chris but didn't let him in. Nate dropped his head as the door shut.
"Nate, talk to me," Evangeline murmured from beside him.
"I need to fix this, find my father, and take this pack. And if that means killing Canagan, fine, I don't care about this damned pendant they keep talking about. I don't get how it has anything to do with the end of the world, but they can have it."
"About time you were ready to take the lead."
He rubbed a hand over his face. "Wish people would stop saying that."
"It's true. This pack needs an intelligent leader. And let's face it, Jay doesn't have the skillset, and Bran, unfortunately, too many of us fear what a Sylvan could do to us."
"You included?" Bran asked softly.
She blinked and turned to face him. "No, but Meridian? When did that happen?"
He placed the food on the counter. "Three years ago. I didn't know what she was, but she knew what I was. Knew I hadn't been awakened." He scrubbed a hand over his face. "She thought I could challenge Canagan, end her and Killian. That was before being made a werewolf."
"And your mother wasn't there to train you." She rubbed a hand over her face. "If they say Killian is alive, and he's only been gone a couple months, why was your mother gone five years?"
"She left when Dad died? I don't know."
"Darron wasn't your father," she pointed out.
"Hell of a lot more my father than Killian," Bran answered.
"Shit, Darron was more my father than my own, and I didn't even live here," Nate added. "He was a good man. But why hide all of this shit from both of you?"
"Maybe my mother can give us answers when we do finally find her." Bran grabbed a few plates. "We should eat, then I'm assuming you're diving back into Savon's head."
"What else am I going to do?" Nate answered. "I need to find her."
Evangeline touched his shoulder. "I'll come back tomorrow and pull you out. Early in the morning. And if you do find her, you'll have some time to help her find herself before I get back."
"Think I will?" He knew that sounded pitiful, but he needed to find her.
Evangeline nodded. "Maybe without me, it will be easier for you to slide deeper. I know how to find you, though, so don't worry about that. And I'll drag you out if I have to, at least to make sure you're taking care of yourself."
"Thanks." He scrubbed a hand over his face. "Wish she hadn't put me under."
"I think it might be better this way. At least you both have a chance now. If Nikolai did this to both of you? She would have drowned in that lake, and you would be locked away, searching for her. This is better."
"Christ, I hope so." 
They filled their plates, and Nate managed to eat more than his fill. He had no intention of coming back out of her head until he found something to go on.

* * * *

"Think this will work?" Robert whispered to Tremaine.
"Got to. It's the only way we'll know if Meridian is on Canagan's side or not. And the way she's bound, if she remembers this encounter?" He shook his head. "Canagan has some pretty ridiculous powers when it comes to shifters. She could sway some of my forms. Took a shit-ton of effort to resist."
"What?" Preston balked.
"She could mind-fuck a lot off shifters. Were and otherwise. That's why we're going to Meridian." Tremaine opened the door and barged into her home.
Meridian sat on the couch, sipping wine, staring at the bottle. "Figured it was a matter of time before you came." She glanced up. "Wasn't expecting you to bring Enforcers."
"Need answers only you can provide and want to make sure you don't share with Canagan."
She snorted. "How so?"
"Taking a look in your mind and wiping our presence," Robert explained. "Only way, unless you admit guilt now."
"Don't want to be involved at all. I'm stuck here, or I would have left long ago." She pulled her legs to her chest. "After what that bastard did to Savon, knowing what he wanted to do now, she let him go after her. Her sanity has slipped completely, only leaving the monster."
"You'll be free soon," Tremaine promised. "And you won't remember seeing us."
Robert took Tremaine into her head to search her memories.
Chapter 30


High in the Carpathian Mountains, deep in the forest, Ceridwen finally found the encampment. She'd been translocating to every rural location she could to sense living organisms for miles.
Old songs drifted through the trees. Silently, she made her way through the forest, transmuting her clothing to something more acceptable for the gypsy clan.
The music stopped, voices fell silent, and every pair of eyes in the camp of sixty people snapped toward her.
The spitting image of Nikolai walked toward her. "Ceri, what brings you by?"
"Your brother's death."
His smile fell. "Come, let's discuss this fortunate turn of events."
She snorted. "I might agree if he didn't curse a dear friend of mine on his way out of this life."
"Oh, I see. Come. Explain what you want, what you're hoping for. Perhaps we can come to terms."
She managed a smile. He was sly, but he was a far better man than Nikolai ever was. Hopefully, he would understand the problem and do the right thing. After all, he cautioned Nikolai against the path he chose. Hopefully, that hadn't changed.
Mircea led Ceridwen down another path and across the bridge. He turned to her, a dark look on his face. "What has my scoundrel of a brother dragged my family's name into now?"
"I'll make sure no one associates his deeds with your clan if you will help me break the curse on Savon Roantree. His latest conquest, one he loved, but she was unwilling to stand by when she learned of his connections to the Dark Templar and what they were hunting for."
"And what was he hunting for?"
"An artifact to help destroy this world and bring upon the Burning Dawn."
Mircea paced away with a string of Romani curses. He came back. "And she was opposed to his plan?"
"Very. She thought she killed him a couple weeks ago. And he came for her, attacked her in a whole other state, attempted to force her into submission, but she fought and would have killed him if it weren't for outside interference. Then he attacked her again, and she drowned him, only he held her down under the water with him. Someone saved her. I need to ensure her safety. Someone has to guard the artifact, and I'm afraid she's the only one who can."
"What is she?"
She tipped her head. "Her mother is Fawn. Her father Darron Roantree."
His eyes widened. "His little painter?"
She nodded.
"I understand she was quite powerful, and he loved her very much. Damned fool could never see that his side was the wrong one. Yes, I'll help, no strings attached. What do you know of the curse?"
"I suspect he trapped her within her mind. Since leaving Nikolai, she's reunited with her soul mate. He's a Dreamwalker and is trying to find her. They deserve happiness after all their parents have put them through."
"Their parents?" Mircea asked.
"A long story. Though, if Nadya is still in your clan and willing to help a young sorceress rein in her power, I urge you to bring her to Silvertail Ridge with us."
"Savon hasn't been trained? Her father was the most powerful sorcerer and he didn't train her?"
"My sentiment exactly."
He rubbed at his face. "Let me talk to my daughter. If she's willing, we'll bring her."
"Thank you. Savon could use a mentor who isn't afraid of a hybrid."
"I've never met a pure-blooded sorcerer. Don't believe they exist. Why are they afraid of her?"
"Honestly? Because everyone she comes near loses their ability to control their familiars until she's far enough away her own power doesn't interfere."
His head cocked. "I'll be sure to warn her first, but I believe she'll find that an interesting challenge."
"I had hoped."
"Why not bring her sooner?"
"She wasn't ready. Now she is."
He rubbed at his neck. "Ensure she doesn't attack me on sight, and I'll do what I can to help."
"She won't. I'll make sure of that. And I'll talk to her mate and the other wolves watching over her."
"Werewolves?" Mircea asked.
"Yes."
"Interesting choice of company." He shrugged. "Come, let me convince Nadya."

* * * *

Tremaine hit the dash. "We're not getting past Canagan's wards," Tremaine stated.
"She's in her home," Preston answered. "Can't Robert take us in?"
"No, not beyond her wards," he explained. "Magic is the same as Savon's."
"But you got us there," Preston argued.
Robert leaned toward the front seat. "Yeah, because we had Tremaine with us, therefore she trusts us. Canagan doesn't, so we can't get past. I'm not sure the best way to explain it, but there are some wards I can't pass. Liz does it all the time."
"You can get into hers," Preston countered.
"No one else can." He shook his head. "We can check the rest of the town. See if we can glean anything. Nate said that a lot of the wolves hang out at Fang'n'Claw."
"You should change to fit in," Preston pointed out.
"Yeah, Tremaine can loan me something less formal."

* * * *

While preparing for opening later, Jay sorted through his thoughts. He'd heard a lot. Seemed everyone was talking about Savon and Nate. And his missed chance with her.
Yes, he craved her, but that faded quickly. Still, finding a potential second mate invoked hope he could find someone to fill the longing Savon inspired.
Jay missed that connection to another person. He still found himself longing for May late at night when he was all alone. He didn't mind being single. Most of the pain from losing her and his pack had faded, only haunting him when sleep evaded.
There were things he heard. Bits of plans he could share with Bran. The wolves didn't tell him anything directly, but they shared enough, assuming he bowed out of the fight.
Wrong. He finally had enough reason to step away from Canagan. Luckily, the wolves who congregated at Fang'n'Claw trusted his judgment. Perhaps he could swing more wolves to Nate's side.
He grabbed his keys, locked up, and headed to the precinct. Least he could do was share information. He'd prefer to keep Savon as a friend. Something about her still soothed him.
Damn, fucking sap.
At the station, he walked in and found Bran sitting at his desk, going through a box of letters with a scowl. He lifted his head. "Hey."
It was better than the greeting Jay normally received. "Told you I'd bring any new information I learned. Some of the wolves are plotting something regarding Nate. As soon as I have details, you'll have them. Then there's the matter of Clay. They're getting worried that you or Nate did something to him."
Bran snorted. "Oh, Nate did something all right. And I'm not releasing him. Bastard is in cahoots with Canagan. He's got his head so far up her ass he can't see the light of day."
"He wanted to hurt Savon. Bastard doesn't need to be free. He needs to be dead. If Clay is around, you may want to do something to ensure he's not ever released. Like end his life. I could see the wolves who aren't on Nate's side trying to release him, which would be bad, unless he's willing to take a stand."
"He is. First, we need to find Killian. Seems Fawn is alive and took him away, somewhere we can't easily get to."
His head tipped. "Don't tell me the Sylvan Forest."
"Yeah. Still want to be part of this battle?"
"Shit, as long as Killian isn't Alpha, I don't give a damn. This town was getting boring anyway. I've done the lone wolf thing. I miss it. If Nate takes the pack, I may stay to ensure the transition goes well, but sooner or later, I'm moving on. Especially if my reason for being here is over."
"Five years and all you wanted was revenge?"
"Yeah, and I have no qualms with you or Nate, not now that I understand how you all were manipulated." Jay leaned on the desk. "I'll get word to you the moment I know more. And if you need me at your side, just give the word. I'll be there."
"Shit, I'm sorry I didn't give you the benefit of the doubt sooner," Bran answered. "I took someone's hatred for you and made assumptions I never should have. If I could go back, I'd change it all."
Jay chuckled. "Good luck with Evangeline. I never touched her. Honestly, I felt sorry for her. She didn't know the monster her mate was, but she was so young." Standing, he shrugged. "If you can get past her walls, treat her right. She deserves a good man." He left before Bran responded.
Chapter 31


Evangeline stormed up the stairs of Savon's home and sat down on the bed next to Nate. He curled around Savon, both deep under.
Heartbreaking.
And if he wasn't careful, he'd lose himself in there, and she might not be able to pull either out. So she reached out, touched his shoulder, and found him, deeper than she had to go to find him before.
She took his arm and yanked him out before he realized she was there.
Nate rolled up and shot to his feet. "What the fuck! I almost had her!"
Standing, Evangeline moved in front of him and took his shoulders. "You were way too deep for way too long. You want to get stuck there and not ever be able to come up? You were nearly there. You need food. I brought you something that will help. And maybe it will make it easier to surface on your own."
"She's lost. She doesn't move. I see her eyes shining in the dark, deep down there. I almost had her." He closed his eyes, his chest heaving. "She's scaring me."
"That's how you were. You came back, though. I reached you and brought you back. If you're almost there, you can start working to pull her up before we hear from this Ms. Murdock."
He nodded. "A little longer. Please."
"Nope. No. Don't fight me on this. I'll force feed you if I have to. Besides, we should talk."
"About what?" he snapped.
"What you'll likely find when you do reach her."
"What's that?"
"Come eat. Now!" She grabbed his arm and dragged him toward the hall.
He shook her off, muttering, "So fucking close."
"Yeah, but she may seem closer than she is." She stopped at the counter and opened the bag. There was a thermos of Frannie's soup.
The woman could create potions that worked wonders. In fact, her mother supplied her with plenty of soups and warm drinks to keep her going while searching for Nate and helping him find his way. She filled a giant mug she brought and shoved it his way.
When he stared at it, she said, "Drink."
He scrubbed a hand over his face. "Why do you think this will work?"
She didn't want to point out it would ensure it would act as a magical alarm clock and make him get up to pee every few hours. "It will make it easier to find your way out. And trust me, you still need to surface from time to time.
He grabbed the mug and chugged it down. His hand slammed on the table, the thud echoing through the home. "Shit, what is this?"
Evangeline's head tipped. "Soup. Frannie added some things to help."
"Too damned hot!"
She couldn't help laughing as he moved to the fridge with a snarl and pulled out the tea, drinking the rest from the pitcher.
"Yeah, she just made it. Which is why I arrived later than planned. Well, that and I brought you some tea that should help you reach her more easily. Here's the problem. You can start pulling her to the surface slowly, but there will be a point you won't be able to take her farther. Not without removing the curse."
"Thought you didn't know much about the curse," Nate replied, less grumbly than before.
"I called her friend Tremaine. Apparently, Ms. Murdock will be here tomorrow morning with someone who can help. Which means I'll make sure you come out a few more times before they get here. And hopefully, you were as close as you thought. Should make pulling her the rest of the way out easier."
"Tomorrow?"
"Yeah, but she's not running from you now, and I don't imagine she will. She'll still feel your bond while asleep. You might be the only thing she'll reach for. And she may not remember anything, not until you start bringing her up through levels of her memory."
"Which is what you've cautioned me about." He rubbed a hand over his face. "I'm not worried about that."
"Even if you see her with Tremaine?"
"Tremaine? No. That I understand. It's Nikolai I'll have a problem with."
"Yeah, I can imagine. I'll be back later to check on you. If I sense no sign you've recently been out of bed, I'll pull you out, especially if you haven't reached her. You really can get stuck in there, Nate. And this pack needs a true Alpha."
"I'll be ready to deal with that after I have Savon back and awake." He paused, then looked into her eyes. "Why tomorrow? Can't Robert just grab them and bring them?"
She shook her head. "They don't want their location shared. So until they get to civilization, Robert won't go to them, at Ms. Murdock's request. They want to protect their clan."
"I can live with that." He nodded at the thermos. "Thank you. Now, can I go up there and try to find her?"
"Yeah." She smiled as she backed to the door. "I'll be back before you know it."
"Just put me in my place if I'm being stupid."
She couldn't stop the laugh. "Normally, you aren't. You have every reason to be now."
"I'll see you later." He started up the stairs.
She let herself out and headed to the caf.

* * * *

"Savon," that voice called. "I'm coming, baby."
He sounded so worried. She longed for someone to need her that bad. She tried to look away, but her attention caught on the molten pools hovering before her.
"Savon." Long fingers reached out, sweeping across her cheek. His expression softened, a smile pulling at his lips.
Her eyes fluttered shut as she leaned into his palm.
"Sav, say something," he whispered.
"Who?"
Tears welled up in his eyes. "I'm Nathan Taggert. Nate. I need you to come back to me, Savon. I need you to follow me, and maybe you'll remember."
"Remember what?"
"Follow me. Then you'll see."
"You'll show me who I am?"
He nodded. "You're my heart, my light, my everything. I need you. I can't bring you all the way out yet, but soon. For now, I'll show you as much of yourself as I can."
She stood, he pulled her into his arms, and she went. Her arms naturally wound around his waist as if they belonged. He held her so tight she felt at home in his embrace.
"I remember this," she whispered, feeling his love wind around her, pulling at her own. Leaning back, she captured his gaze. "Show me."
"Can you walk?" he asked.
"Don't know where I am," she whispered.
He threaded his fingers through hers. "I'll lead."
She'd follow him anywhere and fell in step beside him.

* * * *

Relief flowed in. She didn't resist. Nate led her the way he came, remembering every step. She hadn't sunk farther than where she'd been. It only took moments to reach her, but maybe an hour to get her to focus on him.
He wanted to get her somewhere familiar, somewhere in her memory that was easy to find. So many places they knew were tied up with sad memories. He planned to reclaim them with better, but it might take time.
She leaned closer as they walked, climbing out of the lowest reaches of her mind. 
"Remember anything?"
She shook her head. "Only that I trust you."
A smile broke loose. At least they weren't back where they began when she first came home.
"I love you, Savon. Always have. Ask me anything, and I'll help you find the memories."
"Always?" she asked.
He nodded, looking into her gorgeous face as he continued to lead them up. "You're my first memory. I came over to your house to play with your brother when I was little. You were only a few days old. Even then I wanted to see you smile."
"Why do I feel like I spent too long without you?"
Looking forward. "My father stood in our way, but never again."
"Is he gone?"
He half-laughed. "At the moment. When he comes back, I'll destroy him. It's the only way."
"We could run away," she offered. "You, me, wherever you want to go."
"No more running, Savon. That didn't work so well for either of us."
"Who ran?"
"You, because you didn't understand. I finally got you to listen, but it was almost too late."
"Listening now," she murmured, a smile on her lips.
He felt Evangeline coming and steered Savon toward their tree. "I'm taking you to our place-well, within your memory. I want you to stay here until I come back. Might seem like forever, but I won't be long. A friend of ours is making sure I take care of myself so I can bring you back."
"You have to go?"
He nodded. "Not for long. Stay here, and I'll be back quickly. I swear on my life." Nate helped her sit and kissed her softly. "I'll be back as fast as I can be."
She held his face there, placing her forehead against his. "Hurry," Savon whispered.
Evangeline walked up to the edge of the willow. "Swear on my life I'll be back in a few." He gave Savon one last kiss before letting Evangeline drag him away.
Chapter 32


Bran dropped onto the couch next to Evangeline. They were camping out at Savon's, making sure Nate woke up every few hours. Bastard was more of an ass every time they woke him up.
Yeah, Bran worried about his sister, but he started to worry about his closest friend.
Nate came down the stairs and went to the fridge. "I hate myself," he muttered.
"Why?" Bran asked.
"Fuck, she keeps asking questions, and I'm answering, but I'm waiting for her to shut me out."
"She's not going to. You've broken into her shell and are pulling her out bit by bit. She'll remember that."
"And what if she remembers why she ran for so damned long?" Nate pulled out a beer and drank half of it. "I fucked up so many times I can't count."
Evangeline followed Nate. "Hey, relax. Every time I've had to come in for you, you're closer. Just have to make it until tomorrow. I'll follow you in when I go to bed and make sure you don't stay too long."
"I can't stay until they get here tomorrow?"
"No. Nate, I know it's tempting, but you need to be healthy when she comes out. She may need your help at first. All of our help. As a wolf, you were weak when you first woke."
"Only difference, I was out two months. It's only been a day."
"It will nearly be two days by the time she's here, and it might not be as simple as pulling her the rest of the way. She's still deep."
"I'm not rushing. I had to go through so damned many memories, I'm worried she's going to stumble on someone she really cares about and I won't be able to convince her it's over with them." He rubbed at his face.
Bran moved to the kitchen. "Never happening. She's mated to you. So stop that shit. Evangeline said Savon should still feel the bond while sleeping."
"Fine, sorry. Just hate coming down here when I know she can't."
"She will," Bran promised. "Now eat something, while I go sit with my sister for a few. Without you. You've had far more time with her than I have."
He looked up the stairs. "As soon as I'm done stuffing my face, I'll be back there."
"I know." Bran squeezed his shoulder, then pulled him into a hug. "I trust you with her. But I need a little time with Savon."
He nodded, understanding passing over his features.
Turning, Bran started for the stairs. Evangeline smiled, her expression soft. He hoped that was a good sign. He didn't want to do anything to push a relationship forward in the midst of chaos, but hope would take him a long way.
Bran sat down beside Savon and took her hand. "Look, we haven't gotten a chance to just hang out, and I'm sorry. Shit, I was a fool and I thought this road would be easier. But damn it, Sis, I miss you."
Nothing, and he didn't really expect any response.
He sighed. "Nate's going to come back up here and take up the rest of the night at any minute. I just wanted to steal a few moments to say I love you, and I'd do anything to have you back. I miss you. Really, I do."
Her fingers flexed slightly, squeezing.
He leaned down to kiss her forehead. "Come back to us. I know, tomorrow when they break the curse, but it's not just Nate who wants you to come back. I do too."
Nate stepped into the room. He wore a sad smile. "I hate this."
"Yeah. I can imagine. I'll be downstairs. I'll let Evangeline have my old bed."
"She'll fall for you, sooner or later. I see the way she's softening toward you."
"Not concerned with that right now. Let's get our pack on track, then I can worry about whether or not Evangeline and I can have a future." Bran hopped up. "I'll get her settled, then make up the couch."
"Want me to tell Savon  anything?"
He shook his head. "Nope, I think she heard. She's there. Just not able to surface. Love her, that's all I ask."
"Got that covered," Nate promised.

* * * *

Evangeline stared at a book, trying to read, but her attention kept swaying to Bran.
He stopped at her side. "Why don't I show you the bed you'll be sleeping in."
She glanced away. Was that a rejection?
Bran perched on the arm of her chair. "Hey, what's going through your head? Is it because I'm putting you in another room?"
"Maybe," she admitted.
His brown eyes delved into hers. "Figured that was a big enough game changer. I'd rather wait until I have your full trust. We waited this long, a little longer won't kill me. Besides, I grew up in this home, and with my sister in her situation, I don't want to cheapen what we have by rushing it."
Evangeline melted. "When this is over, you and I are going on a real date. Somewhere far from here."
"Tell me when. I'll be there." He offered his hand, and she took it, loving the warmth that traveled up her arm.
She stood and leaned closer. "I need a taste to tide me over until then."
Bran let out a low rumble as he dipped his head and captured her lips in an agonizingly tender kiss that ignited a slow burn. He stepped back with a twinkle in his eye. "Let me take you to your room. I mean what I said. I want this to be about us when I claim you. I won't want any possible interruptions."
Her heart fluttered. "I like this side of you."
"There's not a side of you I don't like. Now come on. Hopefully, Savon's friend will be here early."

* * * *

Nate walked back to her. She'd been going through her warehouse of paintings in her memory since he'd woken up. She'd painted a little of everything throughout the years, but there were so many of Nate.
She stood at one she'd done in kindergarten. At least that was what Nate told her. She still couldn't remember anything. Seeing the places in her memory didn't bring them back. Not really.
But that painting told her everything she needed to know. Little girl with messy red curls, a boy with shaggy hair that fell in his face. White and lavender surrounded them, shining from them.
A bond, from when they were young. She knew it was her and Nate. He seemed worried she would push him away, but she wanted to pull him closer.
Hands wrapped around her waist, his breath fanned across her cheek. "Hey, Sav. Missed you."
"Missed you more." She turned in his arms. "I loved you then. Think you loved me too."
"You remember?" he asked.
She shook her head. "Not exactly, but I see it in the paintings. In all of them." Motioning around the warehouse, she laughed softly. "Somewhere inside I knew it then. I had to. I kept painting it. I must be a serious pain in the ass. Why do you put up with me?"
He laughed, pulling her tighter. "God, I love you, Savon. And you aren't a pain. Yes, you're stubborn, and you get an idea in your head and rarely budge, but that's part of what I love."
"What do you love about me?"
"Everything." He took her hand and pulled her toward a couch near the corner. Once seated, he turned to her. "You see the world in beautiful shades. You share your vision with us. You love deeply and completely. And you stand by what you believe. You're free in a way I never felt. You inspire me constantly. And being with you makes life worthwhile, even when everything is falling apart around me."
"But you were so far away," she whispered.
"Yeah, but finding you always set me at ease. Even when I saw you with someone else."
She stilled, her eyes wide. "You watched me with other people?"
"Didn't stay when you were with someone, but knowing you were okay always set me at ease."
"Was I always okay?"
Nate shook his head. "You were sad a lot, lonely. Even when you were surrounded by people."
That first painting entered her mind. "Must have missed you terribly. I wish I could remember."
"Hope you feel the same when you do."
"We share a bond. I know you being a werewolf makes it more, but, Nate, this feeling isn't new. It's the only thing I remember. This constant longing to be with you." She moved closer, and he accepted her into his arms. He'd stay a few hours, be gone fifteen minutes, and come back to her.
The corners of his mouth twitched, his expression softened. "You do?"
"Mmhmm, which is why I don't know why I pushed you away so long."
"Told you why. All I can do is make up for it for the rest of my life."
"How about just love me. That's all I want."
He leaned toward her and kissed her slowly. He wanted her awake, in his arms, wanted to worship her in reality, not just a dream.
She reached for his pants. He didn't have the willpower to deny her. Anything she wanted, he would give.
Chapter 33


By the time the bell rang the next morning, Nate was frustrated. Evangeline refused to let him go upstairs. Bran was running blocker. Bastard had a good amount of height and muscle on him, and he wasn't going to fight his brother.
He stormed to the door and came face to face with Nikolai. A growl ripped from his lips as he pushed past the tall woman he barely registered.
The woman lifted her hand, and he rose off the floor and back, suspended two feet above the ground.
He bared his teeth. "Get out of this home."
Nikolai's brow arched.
The woman stepped inside, a smirk on her face. Crow's feet crinkled her eyes, and steel gray and mahogany framed her otherwise youthful face. "Careful, Nathan Taggert. I'm Ceridwen Murdock. And this is Nikolai's twin brother, Mircea. Don't worry, he isn't rotten to the core. And his daughter, Nadya, who will help Savon learn everything the other sorcerers were afraid to teach her, including her father."
Nate sniffed the air. The scent was similar, but different enough. His eyes narrowed. "Twin? He'll break Nikolai's curse?"
"If you promise not to bite," the look-a-like offered in a thick accent.
"Sorry. He tried to kill my mate."
"Which is why I'm here, to free her from his spell."
Bran hurried down the stairs. "Everything good?"
"Will be. Someone call Tremaine," Ceridwen stated. She released the spell.
Nate kept his distance, not ready to trust him.
Mircea stepped inside and motioned for someone else to follow.
A young girl with black hair and pale gray eyes stepped into the room. The air seemed charged. Much the same way it always felt when Savon stepped into a room.
She met Nate's gaze, then ducked her head, a blush spreading across her cheeks. "You're hers, aren't you?"
"If you mean Savon's, then yes."
"You're very strong. I understand she is in her own way. You're a good match."
"Thanks," he answered, the word dragged out.
Mircea chuckled. "Shall we?"
"Yeah."
Bran held up his phone and walked into the kitchen.
Nate took them upstairs.
Savon jerked, her hands twitching, her legs flexing.
Evangeline looked at each of them. Then she focused on Nate. "Savon is restless. As soon as Mircea breaks the curse, you can go back in."
"How much time have you spent in her dreams?" Ceridwen asked with a wry smile.
"Not enough," he muttered.
Evangeline rolled her eyes. "He's been up and moving for half an hour. That's the longest he's been up since soon after he brought her back here. He may have been up a total of two hours since then."
"How long has she been under?"
"Around forty hours."
"Let's work this magic, then Ceri can take us to the motel. After she has some rest, we'd all like to talk to Savon," Mircea offered.
Nate bit his tongue to keep himself quiet.
Mircea held up his hands. "I'll need to sit beside her and touch her face. That's it. And you need to rein in your wolf if he gets antsy."
"The man might be worse," Bran muttered.
Mircea chuckled. "Him too." He sat beside Savon, without touching her, until he reached for her face. He placed his fingers on her forehead and chanted in another language.
Reds pulsed from Savon's chest, crimson and scarlet, then wisped up like smoke. Her body relaxed and Mircea moved away from the bed.
"Her memories should come flowing back. We'll be nearby."
"Thank you," Nate said.
"You're welcome. Hopefully she hasn't retreated so far she's hard to find."
Evangeline shook her head. "He's worked hard to bring her toward the surface."
"Then hurry. It will be best if you're there through the memories." Mircea stepped into the hall, followed by Nadya.
Ceridwen smiled. "I'm looking forward to getting to know you." She stepped out of the room.
"We'll take care of the others when they get here."
Nate curled around Savon and dove in. He found Savon where he'd left her, only the memory surrounding her had changed.
Nikolai was over her, pinning her, his hand wrapped around her throat while he tried to shove her legs open.
She screamed, pure terror in her voice. Grays and reds flowed around her while only black surrounded the bastard.
Savon got her hands on his chest and screamed a spell. She rolled him to the floor and touched the couch. It erupted in flames as she scrambled away, pulling her clothes into place before running out of the house. She walked down the street and glanced back to see people gathering as tears fell down her face.
Nate stepped in front of her and grabbed her shoulders. "Sav, I'm here."
She swallowed hard. "I remember everything. Why do you love me, Nate? I'm not what you think I am."
"Because you killed the asshole who meant to steal your freedom?"
She shook her head. "I've let horrible things happen I could have prevented."
"Like?" he whispered.
"Let the spirits destroy those who've hurt me."
"They hurt you."
She shook her head. "They didn't deserve to die. I could have stopped the entities, but I let them do as they pleased, knowing the outcome."
"Sav, that's not your fault. You didn't send them after the person. And maybe, they deserved worse."
"I'm not a god."
"Exactly. Just because you can influence other beings doesn't mean you have to. That's why so many people are afraid of sorcery. You have the ability to control things no one can see. And you don't force them to comply. It's not your fault."
"I could have stopped them, though."
"Were they good people?"
She shook her head. "But I let them die because I was hurt or angry."
"I'll be honest. There have been wolves who started battles they couldn't win. I could have put them back together. I didn't. They were wrong, and they were never going to learn how wrong. Instead of fixing them, I let them die. I'd do it again."
"You aren't afraid you'll hurt me and I'll let the spirits rip you apart?"
"Not in the slightest." Honest truth. "Do you trust me?"
She nodded.
"Do you think my beast would ever hurt you?"
She smiled. "He likes me."
"My wolf?" he asked, wrapping his hands around her waist as he stepped closer.
Her eyes twinkled as she dipped her head. "As much as you do."
"I love you, Savon."
"So did Nikolai, but he didn't like me. He was obsessed."
"I like everything about you." He leaned down to steal a kiss.
She melted against him and whispered against his lips, "Help me find the way out."
Stepping back, he took her hand and walked to the edge of her mind. He stopped, looking over. "Now we step through."
She did, pulling him with her.

* * * *

Waking up was easy. She'd tried two different times after he'd leave, out of pure frustration. Savon didn't want to be alone, she wanted to cling to Nate.
Her eyes opened, and she rolled into Nate's embrace.
He caught her face, grazing his thumb over her cheek. "Having you in my arms while awake is better than in your dreams."
"A million times over," she replied.
He took a slow kiss, then leaned back when someone cleared their throat.
Bran interrupted. "You're not alone. In fact, you have a house full of people, and we have a ton to discuss."
Evangeline popped her head into the room. "That was easy."
Savon laughed. "Nate did bring me almost to the top. I guess." She shook her head. "Who's here?"
"Ceridwen, Mircea, Nadya, Tremaine, Robert, Preston, and Frannie are all downstairs. Then us."
She nodded. "Okay."
"Take a shower. Then come down. You'll have a thermos of soup you should drink before joining us. It will be on your dresser." Evangeline stepped out of the room.
Nate appeared before her and scooped her into his arms. "Let me take care of you."
"Hurry," Bran stated.
Savon dropped her head to Nate's chest, then leaned back to capture his attention. "We should hurry."
Light danced through his eyes as he carried her into the bathroom and stood her before the shower. He reached in, flipped it on, then straightened to rid her of the tank because she was already shoving her sweats down. His followed, then his shirt. He banded his arms around her waist and lifted her off her feet.
She pushed at his chest. "I'm not incapable."
He sighed. "You should be weak after being under for nearly two days. I'm the doctor. Let me make sure you're really okay."
"Can't argue with that," she murmured. She stood her ground when he released her, wanting to prove she was fine. A wave of dizziness hit her, but she stood rigid, watching as he kneaded her shoulders.
The world stilled and she melted under his touch. "So good at that."
He grinned. "Came from long hours of practice on you."
He'd massage her back for hours, just to be able to touch her while her parents were around. "Still worried about what I'll think?"
He shook his head. "You?"
"With Old Lady Murdock down there, maybe. She knows most of my secrets. She could change your mind."
"Doubt it. She seems to like me. But you should know, Nikolai's twin is downstairs."
"Twin?"
"Needed someone from Nikolai's clan to free you from his curse."
"Right. Didn't know he had a brother, much less a twin. Just proves how little I knew about him."
"Didn't you ever ask?"
She shook her head. "Nope. Just like he never asked about my family. Didn't matter. We lived in the present. At least I did."
"We can live in the present," he promised.

* * * *

There seemed to be more people at Savon's when Robert translocated Tremaine and Preston into the living room. He locked gazes with the spitting image of Nikolai, except, he had a few light scars on his face.
"Tell me he's related to our problem," Tremaine asked calmly.
"This is Mircea. The good twin." Ceridwen smirked. "Rather charming young man."
Mircea snorted. "I'm several hundred years old, as you well know. No one is calling me young."
"I have eons on you, dear." She winked, then nodded at the girl. "This is Nadya. She's here to help Savon learn to harness her abilities better than even Darron could manage."
"Better?"
"Aye, better. Both Savon and Nadya have more talent than he ever could have dreamed. Which is why he refused to train her. He didn't realize that the truly powerful usually learn discipline he sometimes forgot."
"How so?" Tremaine asked.
Nadya's eyes darkened. "We remember what abusing our power can do. I think it has more to do with being women."
Tremaine held up his hands. "I'm simply gathering information. I said nothing about gender, or age. Simply wanting to understand when I had always been told Darron was the strongest."
Mircea smirked. "Only because I keep Nadya in our encampment as much as possible. She tends to spook the most mundane human beings."
Bran's brow pinched. "I hope that will help the rest of the situation. Seems we may have a coup brewing. But I'll wait to explain that when they come down. I told them to hurry, but she's been under for two days."
Preston shook his head. "They might need a reunion. You can't tell me at least most of the people in this room haven't been there."
Robert groaned. "Keep it to yourself."
Tremaine pulled back the smile. "How bad is this possible coup?"
"I believe we can handle it," Bran answered.
"Oh, it will be handled," Ceridwen answered. "Though you'll have our help. We're staying until we resolve all the problems revolving around Fawn's meddling."
Tremaine shook his head. "So, you didn't interfere?"
She laughed. "I've always seen Nathan and Savon finding their way back to each other. They were destined for one another. No matter the path, they twined together eventually."
Bran huffed. "My mother planned all this somehow?"
"She never had the gift of sight. I think she saw opportunity and sought revenge that would, in her mind, set everyone back on the right path." Ceridwen glanced up the stairs. "Nate did well, bringing her so close to the surface. I honestly expected it to take her longer to come out of the sleep."
Evangeline rubbed her arm. "I'm glad. The pack is getting antsy to have someone in the Alpha role again. And I think they can all agree that Killian needs to go."
Savon came down the stairs, slower than her normal pace. She put on a good show of being a hundred percent. Nate followed, clearly tense.
Tremaine lifted a single brow. "You'll never change, will you?"
Savon shot him a smirk. "You know me better than that."
He gave Nate a sympathetic smile. "Stubborn to the core."
"Wouldn't have her any other way," Nate answered.
Her face lit up, but she took a seat on the couch. Nate sat beside her.
Tremaine nodded at Ceridwen. "Best if this all comes from you."
Nodding, Ms. Murdock laid out everything she knew, adding a few details about the Sylvan Forest and how only a Sylvan Fae could lead someone there.
"So, my mother is alive, and you need Bran or me to take everyone there?"
Ceridwen looked around the room. "Maybe not everyone. Just those we need. I imagine Killian is in bad shape. He'll need to be healed before you can challenge him, Nathan."
"I'd rather take him down when he's healthy. He believes I'm weak. I want him to know I'm not when I crush him."
Bran snorted. "He doesn't believe you're weak. He thinks you'll make his same mistakes. And the only mistake he admits to is loving my mother."
"To you, perhaps, but he's called me weak all my life."
"Yeah, well, he told me a lot of things he didn't tell you. At least where you're concerned."
"Even when I came back he told me how much of a disappointment I was."
"He had his priorities screwed. He wanted power. That was all. And you were out following your dreams," Bran pointed out.
"Doesn't make any of it right. The bastard has hurt too many people, torn others apart. How the hell he kept power so long is beyond me." Nate stood and paced away. "I should have challenged him in the beginning. Then we wouldn't be in this mess. I could have gone to get Savon, and none of this shit would have happened."
"Most of it would have found a way to happen. Unfortunately, you can alter a course slightly, but rarely completely. I've tried, but the best I can do is find the smoothest course, and that's usually bumpy." Ceridwen offered a smile and turned to Savon. "How are you handling the knowledge your mother is alive?"
"Not really surprised. There were hints in the letters." Savon sat back. "About the Branches, about you. About why she was here in the first place. It all sort of makes sense. I think she wants me to find her."
"Which fits with my theory."
"I came here to challenge my father," Nate stated. "Jay got there first."
"Jay was tired of waiting for someone to step up." Bran leaned against the wall. "He thought you were here to act as his second or maybe an enforcer. Figured you would fall in line with Killian."
"Yeah, I realize that, but it was never going to happen," Nate muttered.
Amused, Preston asked, "What was the theory for Jay not taking the Alpha position?"
"That Killian had been cursed, poisoned, or the pack was so broken it had fallen apart," Bran answered.
"And I've managed to command a couple wolves since then. So some thought I had somehow beat my father out of the position, but I believe that was more dominance and lack of leader than anything else. My father sure as hell hadn't passed any power onto me."

* * * *

Savon didn't like any of this. They had to go drag Killian back, make sure he was healthy, let Nate challenge him, and then force all the wolves to fall in line.
Not to mention she was half surprised that Nikolai's twin didn't seem to hate her. And no one had told her exactly what happened to the bastard yet either. There were too damned many pieces to the puzzle and she needed answers in the worst way.
"What's our time frame looking like?" Savon blurted out while stopping the threads of conversation that circled around her.
Nadya took a tentative step forward. "Hopefully I can have a day to help you before you travel to Faery. The entities there can prove troublesome. Most of them you can actually see, while no one else can."
"What?" Savon asked. There were only a few she'd ever seen almost ghostly images of. Things not of this world, and only in places where the veil was thinner.
But Faery wasn't Earth, and she'd never crossed over. Maybe there were spirits that drifted between this world and that? A sea of questions threatened to drown her. She preferred when she could focus on one thought, not a million.
"We should go within a couple days," Ceridwen offered. "Give you a chance to rest. And a day to learn from Nadya."
"Thank you." She turned toward Mircea. "For what it's worth, I'm sorry about your brother. If he had just let me go, and not come after me, I would have left him alone."
"He deserved to die. He'll no longer be a threat to you or anyone else. There's no love lost here."
That helped a tiny bit. "Two days? What happens until then?"
"Today, you re-center yourself, however you need to. Tomorrow, Nadya will help you. The day after we'll figure out how we want to deal with the Sylvan Forest. We can't translocate all the way to your mother, but we can to the edge. We can take a portal back. Question is, will she let him go? If I'm wrong, she could be holding him for a very different reason."
"Please don't go there." Bran scrubbed a hand over his face and nodded to Nate. "I already know my mom did his dad. I really don't want to know."
Savon rolled her eyes. "We still have to find out and deal with him. Whether you like it or not. Look, if we aren't doing this today, can we do this tomorrow? I need to go anywhere else. I feel like I've been trapped too long."
Tremaine smirked. "You need to stay safe. You realize that, don't you? Nikolai didn't know where to find you. He was working for Canagan. Which means, she wants you out of the way at the very least."
"I'm not worried about her. Her wolves don't listen to her commands when I'm around. Makes me think none of the werewolves will either, if I have my way."
"Maybe not, but do you really want to wind up hurt, or worse, because you got too cocky? And don't tell me you haven't. I remember your date with an ancient vampire."
"I did leave him in a pile of ashes," she protested.
Tremaine's eyes narrowed. He leaned forward. "You also wound up in the hospital for a transfusion. Just let me wind a spell so we know if you need us. That way, we don't have to search."
"Fine." She stood, walked over to Tremaine, and held out her arm. "I'm assuming it's the same one you've used in the past."
He nodded. "Thank you. I'll feel better knowing you're not lost to us." He wrapped her in a hug. "Let Nate take care of you. You're still shaky."
She nodded. "I will. Promise."
He wove the spell around her and released her.
Robert looked at Preston and Tremaine. "In that case, we'll be nearby."
Preston gave her a smirk. "Keep him on his toes."
Robert shook his head before they disappeared.
Chapter 34


"You really want to leave town?" Evangeline demanded. "Now might be the worst possible time."
"Why?" Nate asked, seriously annoyed his judgment was being questioned. "I'm not the Alpha yet. The town needs to believe nothing has changed. I'm not going far. My retreat. The one only you and Bran know about. We'll be close enough we can get back in a hurry."
Bran argued, "Might be good to train Savon out there as well. The wolves used to get antsy when my father worked with spirits."
Nate nodded and turned to the young woman. "Nadya, how do you feel about beaches and forests? Think you'd be okay to show Savon what she needs to know out there?"
"I'd love to see the ocean up close." She turned to her father. "Please."
He smiled down at her. "Of course, princess. We can head out there whenever we have word she's ready."
Savon glanced at Ms. Murdock. "Will you have your phone, and actually answer it?"
"Yes. The problem wasn't that I didn't have it last time, it was that I was in Faery, where there is no signal. Looking for your mother."
"All right. I'll call once we're ready. Now, I need to go put some stuff together so we can go."
Evangeline grabbed Savon's arm as she hopped up. "Can we talk? You and me?"
She dipped her head slowly. "Sure, one sec." She turned back to Mircea. "Thank you, both of you."
"You're welcome. I'm glad my brother didn't persuade you to his side."
"Me too."
He took Nadya's hand and stepped outside.
"Be careful, Savon," Ceridwen said.
"Promise." She gave Old Lady Murdock a hug. "I'll see you soon."
"No doubt of that." Ceridwen stepped out. 
Nate took Savon's hands. "What are you packing?"
"Sketchbook, pencils. Supplies. Not much. Relax."
He chuckled. "Can't blame me for being curious."
Bran pulled Nate aside, and Savon started up the stairs.
Evangeline followed and closed the door in her art room. "I don't think you leaving here is wise right now. Look what happened last time you ventured from the house."
"I can't stay. You don't understand. I need to go. If I stay, I'm going to dwell and things will go nuts. This is the only way to ensure my sanity. Trust me."
"I'm worried. You didn't see Nate every time he stepped out of your head the last couple days. You had us all worried, but he could hardly stand to be away from you. And he blames himself for your coma."
"Not his fault. And there wasn't a better option. I wish there had been. I was going crazy when he wasn't there with me. I couldn't remember anything but how he makes me feel. Shit?that sounds desperate." Savon turned and started to fill a bag with art supplies.
"I realize that. And somewhere in there, he does too. That doesn't change what he's feeling. He has every reason to be paranoid."
"Damn it." Savon spun to face Evangeline. "What do you want me to say? That I'll stay locked up? I can't. Shit, you don't get it. Me staying here will not stop whatever is coming."
"Yeah, but the wolves we don't want coming to your door can't get here, right?"
"I can do the same for this retreat."
"You were attacked on your property."
"That wasn't my property, though I claimed the willow tree," Savon argued. "I never warded Nate's land."
"If something happens to you-"
Savon lifted her hand and shook her head. "Don't, just stop right there, please. I'm not in the mood to argue, and I need to get away from here. I have plenty of my own shit to sort out."
Evangeline flexed her hands and paced away. She wasn't taking Savon's needs into consideration. "Can I ask why you need to go?"
"I feel boxed in right now, like the walls are closing in. And if I stay in this house, I'm going to lose my mind, and that means every entity anywhere near me will too. I'm not finding peace here, not right now."
"Okay, be careful. I don't like seeing Nate worried."
"Neither do I, but I don't know how to change that until this is all over."
"Call if you need someone." Evangeline stepped out and leaned against the wall. The moment she closed the door, the air seemed to lighten. Breathing was even easier downstairs.
Evangeline glanced up the stairs. Savon really did need to get away. "She always like this?" Evangeline asked.
"What do you mean?" Nate growled, stalking closer.
Evangeline huffed. "Need space from everything?"
Bran shook his head. "She didn't use to, but with her powers unlocked, it is very likely that she needs more space than she used to. Though she always loved to walk, to explore, to get away."
Nate rubbed a hand over the back of his neck. "She's still the same girl who stole my heart."
"Would you calm yourself? Seriously, Nate. I'm trying to understand. I wasn't here when she was. And so far, trouble seems to follow her."
Bran shrugged. "Tremaine doesn't seem worried. He's been around her more than we have recently."
Evangeline dropped into a seat and crossed her legs. "It's not so far Canagan and her hounds couldn't show up."
"And we'll keep an eye out for them."
Savon hurried down the stairs. "And I'll ward the property when we get there."
Evangeline stood. "Enjoy yourselves then."
"We will." Savon glanced over at Nate. "Need to grab anything?"
"A few things. You ready?"
"Yup, so you all get out." She winked.
Evangeline touched her shoulder. "I meant no offense. Honest."
"None taken. I'm glad you're worried about him." Savon turned, and Bran wrapped her in his arms.
"Hey, take it easy out there. Come back whole, cuz this asshole keeps hogging all your time." He shot Nate a glare.
She ducked her gaze. "We'll take a whole day together soon. All night too if you want. Okay?"
"Yeah."
Evangeline chewed her lip, watching Bran. She'd spent so long ignoring what was growing, she hadn't paid attention to the man. Every new facet pulled her closer. He wanted to wait until it was about them.
"Come on, Bran. Let's let them have some time."
"You got it. I need to get to work anyway." He squeezed Savon. "Love ya, Sis."
"Stop moping," Nate said. "She talked to you every couple days all these years."
"You saw her in dreams," Bran pointed out, backing toward the door.
"Promise I'll bring her back."
"Better." Bran ducked out the door, and Evangeline followed.
"I hope this is over soon."
He looked over and grinned. "Me too. I'm looking forward to taking you out."
"And if I don't need all that?"
"But I may want all that." He took her hand, looked into her eyes, and he pressed a kiss to her knuckles. "Let me show you what you're missing, my way." He backed down the front steps.
She could only smile as she watched him go. He was so damned charming. More so than she ever expected.

* * * *

"What did she say while up there?" Nate asked.
"I'm not telling. Don't worry. We came to an understanding. That's all you need to know."
"If she ever gives you shit, I'll put a stop to it," Nate promised.
"Don't need to. We're not going to have a problem." She pulled him out the door and locked up.
"I'm driving, which means walking back to the house." Nate pulled her toward his house.
"I don't mind your home. If you want us to stay there, we can."
He shook his head. "I'd rather be in your home, with you. Nothing but bad memories in mine."
"Then move in. I mean, if that's what you want."
"Sav, it's everything I want." He hurried his pace.
She kept up with a grin. "So where are you taking me?"
"Remember that slice of beach we spent so many summer days at?"
She stopped, her eyes going wide. "Really?"
"Yeah. Evangeline helped me find the person who owned that land. I bought it from them. Built a beach house, hoping one day I'd get to bring you there."
"You're amazing, you know that?"
He shook his head. There were so many things he fucked up on, he had to get a couple right. "Come on. I won't be long." He opened the door and let her pass. He felt eyes on him, but didn't mention it. He didn't want to wreck the moment.
"Stay put. I'll be back."

* * * *

Savon walked through the living room. She found scratches in the wood and paint in hard to reach places. She ran her finger over the deep groove under the railing.
"We did that," the familiar voice whispered. "When Killian slammed the door on you. You screamed, and he started to shift. We kept him in the house, and he destroyed the living room when he couldn't chase you down."
"What's wrong?" Nate asked.
A nervous smile crept across her lips. "The day before I left, I came here. I wanted to know where you were, what happened. Killian wouldn't even give me that. Slammed the door. Guess my anger set the spirits off."
He chuckled. "Yeah, the whole house has similar marks. Mostly down here. The contractors fixed a lot of them, but not everything. Dad said he left them as a reminder to me that you were dangerous. I left some because I wanted to prove I wasn't afraid."
"He told you about it?"
"You gave him nightmares. I wanted to see for myself."
Her head tipped. "Why didn't you say so?"
"I always knew about your father. I suspected you had the same gifts. I don't know. It's part of you. It's never bothered me."
"Wasn't ever like that before then."
"Was too. You didn't always notice it, but I remember a few times someone hurt your feelings, you'd lock it away, but bad things happened to jackass."
Her brow pinched. 
"Sav, come away with me. Let me wipe away the worry. I know you're overthinking. Don't."
She nodded, emotion bubbling up. He knew. Nate accepted.
He closed the distance, stared into her eyes, and banded his free arm around her waist. "Stop thinking. Say yes."
"Yes," she breathed.
His lips covered hers and she opened. His tongue swept in, passion burning deep.
Nate leaned back. "We'll have all day for this. First, I want to show you what I did."
Chapter 35


The day got off to a pretty damned good start. With the longing for Savon evaporated, Jay felt like he could take life by the reins and move on.
First, Killian needed to die. And if Nate did the honors, that left Jay an escape from Silvertail Ridge. He'd been in town for five years and no one sparked anything inside until Savon walked into his bar. If he were to find a mate, it would be somewhere else.
Canagan waltzed into the bar, while it was still closed. The doors had been locked, but she could always get past that. "Whose side are you on?" she demanded.
Jay looked up. "Mine, as always." He kept an eye on her. He didn't want to resort to magic and give away what he was, or his immunity to the bitch, but he had a feeling it might be coming to that.
"You don't seem very interested in Killian at present. Or Nate for that matter. I hear he stole Savon from you."
"Savon was never mine. And Killian isn't around. Quite honestly, I'm beginning to wonder why I'm still here."
"You don't need to be." She crossed the distance. "You're no longer useful. Your lust for revenge has died off."
"Can't kill Killian if he's not on this plane. Now think about this, Canagan. Out of all the people I know who could find him, it would be you-if he were in this realm."
She paused, her head tipping. "What do you think you know?"
Smirking, Jay leaned against the counter and bent to look into her eyes. "His body never shifted back to human when he died. In fact, it's still a wolf in that coffin. I looked. He's not dead. But where is he? Hopefully, someone is torturing him. But right now, I can't get to him, and I don't really care."
"You don't want to be Alpha?" she protested.
"What? You really believe I want to tie myself to a bunch of disloyal beasts? Nate isn't his father. He has his own beef with the bastard. As long as Killian winds up dead in the long run I don't really care who kills him. Especially if it means I won't be stuck here forever."
"So you aren't on his side either?"
"Told you, I'm on my side."
She took a seat at the counter and leaned toward Jay. "You were ready to take the pack before Savon waltzed in here."
His doubts about taking the pack started before Savon showed back up.
Damn near three months ago, after killing Killian's enraged wolf-or so he thought, he shifted back from full wolf and stood over the wolf's body.
Nothing changed.
Not a damned thing.
The wolves surrounding the corpse howled, but not for him. No magic shifted. Nothing.
Nate stood his ground, fully human, though the moon was coming. The majority of the other werewolves had already shifted.
Jay forced a change to half-beast, shooting up, towering above Nate, who only lifted a single brow, clearly unimpressed.
"I challenge you," Jay seethed.
"Want to wait until you have time to heal the damage?" Nate nodded at his hip.
"No. You don't have shit on me," Jay growled.
Nate stripped off his dress shirt and pulled off the undershirt. Muscle rippled. He dropped them on the ground and smirked. "Go ahead, underestimate me. Killian always did." He opened his pants, shoving them down thick, muscular thighs.
Not merely a doctor. The guy worked out, and Jay hadn't had any inkling. Didn't matter. He'd spent hundreds of years honing his skills. This guy had a few decades behind him.
Nate shifted, faster than Jay expected. His height shot up, his hands forming deadly claws. He stepped forward, ready for battle.
Jay started to rethink the plan, but it was too late for that. The challenge was issued. Time to man up and tear down Killian's pup. He struck out.
Nate rolled to the side and came up, driving his claws into his thigh, tearing down the muscle. He stepped back, waiting.
Agony tore a scream of hatred from him. He landed on his knees. "One well-timed strike, that's it," Jay snarled.
Nate moved forward, and Jay lifted an arm to block him. Nate changed directions and spun, grabbing Jay under the ribs, lifting him up as razor sharp edges bit deep.
Jay hit the ground hard, the air leaving his lungs as blood flowed freely from his thigh, abdomen, and arm.
Nate straddled his chest and grabbed his throat. "Submit and this is over. My fight is not with you."
Two choices. Let Nate kill him, or step down.
"You win," Jay answered, staring back at him, fully expecting the bastard to kill him anyway. Killian would have.
Nate stood and stepped back far enough he could assess the damage.
"Shift back to wolf. I left no permanent damage. But don't try that shit again."
Jay dipped his head, closing his eyes.
Still, the alpha power didn't shift. Nate was no more Alpha than him, which left them in a precarious position.
The doctor had gained his respect that night.
"You know, Nate might be what this town needs."
"No. Savon will tear the control from him."
"Like you want to attempt with me?" Jay snorted. "I'm amazed you haven't realized that you don't control me. You never have, and you can't."
She snorted. "One day, that will change."
"No, because I'm smarter than Killian. I want nothing from you."
She smiled coldly. "Then you'll die with Nate and his bitch." She slid from the seat, and he lifted a hand, breathing the spell to track her.
Sooner or later, something big was going to happen. He wanted to make sure the right people were warned. Which was why he wanted to stay in the bar and glean any information he could.

* * * *

Bran carried the tray of food down to the basement cell. The mages had come by to work some fancy magic. No sound penetrated past the door, which was good, because the fucker had taken to howling all night every night, and most of the day, when he wasn't passed out.
For some reason, the fucker wasn't healing. And Bran noticed something. There was a dark patch on his chest that was slowly spreading. The sweet cloying scent of death wafted from the asshole.
He slid the food into the cell. "Why aren't you healing?"
Clay glared at him. "Why the fuck do you care?"
"We may be on different sides, but we have no intention of letting you suffer if we can fix it. So, what's going on?"
He rubbed at his chest, well above where Nate had damaged him. "Started before you brought me down."
"Canagan?"
He closed his eyes. "She wants Killian gone."
"So does everyone else," Bran snapped. "Canagan is out for more than freeing the pack of Killian. And I honestly believe she wants to rule through someone else."
"But-but no. She wouldn't."
"She would. How old is she? Killian made her what she is. A vindictive bitch, and she may have every right to want revenge on the bastard, just like every other person in this town, but that doesn't mean her way is right. So what the fuck is going on?"
He leaned against the wall. His eyes slid to the food. "She wants something, but I don't know what anymore."
"We're going to help you. We'll brew something to knock your ass out, because I don't trust you."
"Never have," Clay snarled. "Why should I trust you?" He drank down the tea in the glass.
Bran watched as his eyelids drooped.
"Don't have to." 
Clay slid to the side.
Bran let out a relived sigh and opened the door for Fran.
Stepping inside, she eyed Clay. "You're sure he's really out?"
"Yeah, I'm positive. You don't have to do this."
"I do, if I want things to be right in town. If I fix this for him, maybe we gain his trust, and some of the other wolves. I've heard rumors that Canagan is swaying more to her side. And with Jay not playing her games anymore, she's getting desperate. Which is why I'm wondering why you all let Nate and Savon bail. Seems to be shitty timing."
"Nate has a point. Killian isn't here to take the pack from. And right now, we have to wait until Savon is recovered before we go after them. And her old landlord brought someone to help train her sorcerer side."
"Where is Killian, then?"
"Not on this fucking plane, or we could have finished this battle already."
"Huh? How?"
"Shit, um?why don't you take care of the asshole over there, then we can discuss the rest of that. Especially since we may need your talents to make sure Nate can properly challenge the fucker."
Frannie's mouth popped open. "He's finally going to challenge him."
"Yup. He's ready and has even more motivation than before."
He opened the door and stepped in. "Need him shackled?"
"Nah, I'll keep him under with a spell on top of the potion." She stepped in, and he followed, still worried Clay might wake up too soon.
Chapter 36


The scenery passed by in a blur, bringing back so many good memories of their younger years. Savon leaned closer to Nate, sliding her hand over his thigh.
"You're sure about becoming Alpha? This is what you want?" she asked.
"Is it a deal breaker? If it is, we can go anywhere," he answered automatically.
And she knew he would pack up and leave the second she told him where she wanted to go. That scared her. She liked the idea of settling in.
"No. And I want to know what you want, Nate. I'm easy. I need to be able to sneak away when I want, and I need to create when the mood strikes, but other than that, I need you. That's it. I don't care about where we are. So tell me what you want."
"You." He sighed and pulled into a garage attached to a beach house full of windows.
"What about the pack? Do you want to lead it?" she prompted.
"I've given this a lot of thought. And yeah, I want to make Silvertail Ridge a town people are proud to call home. And I like working in the hospital here. But if you hate it here, I can make any place my home."
"I want to stay. Honest. And as long as this is what you want, I think it's the right place for us. Besides, I'd miss Bran. And Frannie. Man, I'm a bad friend and sister. At least I talked to Bran."
"Because he called you."
She lifted a shoulder. "Out of sight, out of mind."
Nate turned toward her and caressed her face. "You won't be able to shut everyone out if we stay."
"Don't want to. I miss the town. Not everyone in it, but enough of them to want to be there."
"They won't make fun of you now," Nate murmured.
"Don't care about that. As long as you aren't worried how they'll perceive the Alpha's mate being something other than werewolf or human."
"They'll learn to deal, even if I have to put them in their place." Nate ran his thumb along her bottom lip. "Come on, Sav. Let me show you our escape. I plan to make good use of it when we can. There's even a room that's ready for all the supplies you want."
She slipped out of the car and reached into the back to grab her bag. Before she managed, he grabbed hers and his and hurried to the door.
Laughing, she caught up. "This looks familiar."
"You used to dream about a home like this. Painted it a few times. I have one at home."
She side-eyed him. "You do realize how creepy that sounds, right?"
Sighing, he dropped their bags by the door and pulled her into his arms. "Do I scare you, Savon?"
She shook her head, her eyes dancing with light.
"Sorry if I did at one point."
"Nate, shut up. We're moving forward, never backward. Don't even want to think about the past."
"Past made us what we are," he whispered, pressing his forehead to hers as his hands slid into her back pockets.
"Sure, but we're us now. The rest doesn't matter. Yeah, we have to deal with our parents still."
"And you need to finish reading the letters."
"Yeah, but with her alive, she can just tell me. Right? I hope. Shit, those letters just piss me off. It's a lame excuse. Dad was scared, Mom went along with it. Promise me one thing, Nate. When we have kids, we won't pull that shit. We'll make sure they know what they are and how to control their powers." She pulled away, walking toward the back windows. "I'm done not knowing what I can do. Nadya wants to teach me, and I'm ready."
"She's just a girl."
"Looks can be deceiving. Nikolai was more than three hundred years old."
"What?"
She turned back. "Nate, your father is thousands of years old. My mother is too. She knew Canagan. She knew her and got involved with your father anyway, though she didn't wind the same bonds Canagan did. I don't know what to think anymore."
"What are you talking about?" Nate asked.
"I'm not really sure whose side she was on, or if she even knew. Maybe crazy just runs in the family." She let out a nervous laugh. "I mean, look at me."
"You're not crazy, Savon."
"If you think I'm only considering you showing up when I was awake, I'm not. I've always been disconnected. And sometimes, I break down because I stop giving a fuck." She leaned against the wall and stared out. "Sometimes my head is a dark place."
He closed the distance and placed his hands against the wall on either side of her shoulders. "Look at me."
She faced him and looked into his eyes. "What?"
"Everyone has dark moments. That doesn't make you crazy. No, that makes you human."
"I'm not human though."
"Are you afraid of yourself?"
"Sometimes," she admitted.
"Me too."
She tried to duck under his arms.
He caught her biceps, holding her in place. "Afraid of myself, not you, Sav, never you. The other day, when I needed answers, I shifted and pushed my claws into someone, squeezing organs to hurt without causing permanent damage. I wanted his pain, I wanted him to hurt for trying to hurt you. And Nikolai, you have no idea what I wanted to do to him for touching you in any way you didn't welcome."
"Doubt it was as bad as I wanted to do."
"Why didn't you?"
"Feared I wouldn't stop there. Sometimes I feel like I'm falling off the ledge."
"We can hold each other up," he whispered.
She closed her eyes, pushing it all away. When she looked into his eyes, she smiled. "Show me your beach house."
"Ours."
"Okay."
"Mean it, Sav. Everything that's mine is yours." He stepped back, twining his fingers with hers, and pulled her through the two-bedroom home. Windows stretched across the walls, shutters, glass doors to a deck. Down below was the sandy patch they used to lie in.
She stopped at the window in the bedroom to watch the storm roll in. "Still like the rain?"
His hand closed over her hip and he leaned against her back. "As long as we're naked in it," he purred against her ear.
She reached between them, working his belt.
He pushed her hands aside and dropped his pants before tossing his shirt against the wall. Then he slid her shorts down and rid her of the tank top. Covering her breasts with his hands, he kissed her neck.
"Think it will rain?"
"It's coming."
He lifted her off her feet, flipped the latch, and carried her down to the beach.
Laughing, she looked back. "I can walk."
"Need a second to get a handle on this raging desire."
"Don't need control. I want it all."

* * * *

Did she have any idea what she was inviting?
Nate set her down. She turned to him and took a step toward the water.
"Where do you think you're going?"
Her hazel eyes sparkled. "Come get me, Nate."
He dove forward, spinning her so he could haul her against his body and set her on a weathered log before taking her mouth.
The first raindrop landed between his shoulder blades as she turned him to sit beside her. She rose up on her knees, and he straddled the log, pulling her against his body as she pressed tight.
Her fingers combed into his hair as rain pattered around them, falling on their bodies, the leaves above, the sand and water.
He wrapped an arm around her hips and lifted her up, laying her back as he reached down and slid his fingers into her.
"Ready, please, fuck me," she begged.
Nate sank into her. Her eyes fluttered as her breath caught. A moan escaped. She rolled, landing him ass first in the sand as she rose over him, rivulets of water rolling down her curves as her mouth crashed over his.
He lifted her, moving to kneel as he guided her hips over his cock. They'd always fit, two interlocking pieces, neither complete without the other.
Love, deep, true, and worth fighting for.
The mistakes of their parents nearly kept them apart, but no more. Together, they'd find their way.
He needed more. Her body undulated, taking him in, but he spun, pinning her upright against the log as he drove deeper, harder.
"Yes, that!" she chanted, driving him faster.
All fear evaporated as she urged him on, her grip tightening as he pushed past all limits and control. Pure need roared through him, his wolf rising but not taking over, something he should have feared, but this felt better than anything that had come before.
Her arms locked around his neck, her hands holding his head as she kissed him deeper, giving as much as she took. She'd never been a dormant partner, she interacted, making sure he knew who he belonged to.
Pleasure flared, passion burned hotter. He was nearing climax as rain washed away the sins of their past. She broke the connection of their mouths and bit down where neck meets shoulder.
The instant pain took the pleasure to a whole new level as he slammed into her several more times while they found their peak and soared into bliss.
Colors burst through everything. Her love painted the world in a new light. Vibrant, expressive.
He lay back, bringing her with him. The rain came down softer.
Savon curled tighter, running her finger over the tender spot on his neck. She pressed a kiss, sending a thrill of magic through him.
He lifted her face, capturing her attention. "Do you like this place?"
"Love it. Love you."
Lightning hit the ocean and she grinned as thunder crashed.
"Better take you inside." He stood, scooping her into his arms, and ran to the house. 
"I don't mind the storm."
"We can watch from the bed."
"Don't want to sleep," she whispered.
"Not going to let you," he promised. "I'm going to hold you, then I'll make love to you again. Sometime soon I'm going to feed you because I plan to be famished by then."
"Mmm, and after I eat I should ward our beach house, and the property."
"Will that take long?"
She shook her head. "Not at all. You can make love to me to reward me for a job well done when I finish."
"Was going to do that anyway."
Chapter 37


Bran sat in his office, contemplating whether to interrupt Nate and Savon, or ask someone else who might have a better idea what they were dealing with. Fran managed to work her magic to eradicate the toxin after Bran gave Clay the antidote, but where had the violet starlets come from?
He knew what it was. His mother taught him about a Fae flower named violet starlets. Tiny star-shaped, purple flowers. Crushing the petals and stems and steeping in water produced a toxin that addicted the victim. Take it away and they would die if they quit cold-turkey.
Something that grew in the Sylvan Forest. Bran sat back and pulled the card out of his pocket. A Good Book in Edenton Washington. Shaking his head, he punched in the number and called Savon's friendly mage.
"This is Tremaine," he answered.
"I was going to wait until I talked to Nate, but they need a night without the bullshit. And I have a problem I'm hoping you can help me with-or at least provide some answers."
"What's going on?"
"There was a wolf who prowled around Savon's a couple times too many. He's in a cell right now. And yeah, Nate and I both did some major damage to him, but Nate put him back together. He wasn't healing how he should. He has all the signs of withdrawal from violet starlets."
"Canagan." Tremaine sighed. "Might be how she's keeping some of the wolves under her thumb." He rubbed at his head, then nodded. "There's an antidote. I know someone who could get it."
"We took care of it. I have my mother's herb journals, and everything we need to counter in the woods around the house."
"That's good. How long has he been in a cell?"
"Few days. I couldn't smell the rot when I brought him in but sensed something off."
"She may have been withholding it until he gave her answers. Wouldn't be the first time. Now, I wonder if any other wolves are having this issue."
"Couldn't tell you. I sensed something off a few days ago, but the black stain started yesterday. At least his healing is back to normal now."
"Good. Want me to take a look at him?"
"Maybe to be on the safe side. Make sure we didn't miss anything."
"He harmed Savon?" Tremaine asked.
"No, but he wanted to."
"Figured. She wouldn't have let him live if he pushed her too far. You don't have to worry about her."
"The coma," Bran reminded Tremaine.
"Yeah, but worse would have happened to Nate. So let's drop that argument."
"You really do believe she can handle herself?"
"Against nearly anything. And after Nadya teaches her to better control her sorceress powers without falling to the demon side, she'll be even stronger."
"That a good thing?"
"Yes, because she fears the darkness within. And with Nate there to balance her, she's not going to fall. She's smarter than that anyway."
"Come to the precinct. Bring who you need. I want to be sure we didn't miss any other problems. And please have Robert bring you. I don't want the other wolves to know about your trip out."
"You got it."

* * * *

"Think we should take this wolf to the Silver Council?" Robert asked.
Tremaine shook his head. "Leave it up to them. It's pack business, it's not spilling into the human population, and if Nate is going to take this pack, his choices and actions will affect how the rest of the wolves react."
"Okay, but if he's a problem, we can stop it now," Robert offered.
"And also hurt the pack dynamic." He snorted. "We're here for Savon, and to make sure the Wolfssengen Pendant doesn't fall into the wrong hands. Let Nate prove he can be a strong Alpha."
"All right." Robert stood and glanced at Preston. "Are you coming as well?"
"May as well. This town doesn't have much to do, and I miss my woman."
"Yeah, me too, but this whole situation could change in a moment," Robert added.
"Then let's go," Tremaine said. He missed Liz, but they had just spoken before Bran called with news.
They appeared in the precinct, and Preston's head cocked. "Werewolves are prowling nearby," Preston whispered.
Bran entered the room from a hidden door. "Yeah, and they're on our side. Making sure the rest don't find Clay before Savon and Nate are back. Though, he's resting peacefully now. The corruption of the toxin caused is gone." He rubbed at his head. "I don't think anyone but Canagan could find the violet starlet plant. It's in Faery, can't grow on Earth, according to my mother."
"It can if grown correctly. Canagan always has it handy."
"Would explain why a number of the pack get sick and die when they displease Canagan."
"Who were these wolves?"
"All of them had ties to Canagan, but two of them were enforcers of Killian."
"And where are the rest of Killian's enforcers now?"
"They left after Killian died. None of them wanted to be under his rule, and without an Alpha, there was a good chance that Jay would have destroyed them. A couple of them came to me, to see if I knew a way to counter the toxin. I'm lucky my mother taught me that much."
Tremaine nodded. "Most new Alphas would clear house. I'm curious why they came to you."
"They know what Canagan is, know what I am. Hoped I would have an answer."
Robert looked at Tremaine. "I think it's worth looking into Clay's head. We can get a better idea of what Canagan wants with Nate and Savon."
"Pretty sure Nate got that out of him. Canagan wanted her out of the way, hoping it would tear Nate down."
"Would it have?"
"Yeah, it would."
"Killian was a real asshole," Tremaine muttered. "And I understand he's your father too."
"Yeah, but I didn't know that until the fucker saved my life. At that point, I was fine with dying. He could have saved my wife. No, he waited until she was dead, and I was ready to let everything go. He knew what I was losing when Margaret got sick and finally died. He didn't make a move then. He knew about Meridian, about the awakening. Shit?my mother could have done something too."
Tremaine ran a hand through his hair. "Sorry. I never realized who Savon's parents were. I knew what she was, but I fell out of touch with Darron decades ago. And I had only heard stories about Fawn. I didn't know him well enough to know they were together and had kids."
Bran shrugged. "It's okay. Darron blamed himself for a massacre thirty-five years ago. He came out to Silvertail Ridge to leave the guilt behind."
"Did it work?" Preston asked.
"He refused to train Savon. Taught her some control and to lock away the power," Bran answered.
Tremaine huffed. "Oh, he found someone to lock down her magic. I think he knew better than to come to me. Ms. Murdock explained her power had already manifested before they attempted to lock it down."
"Why?" Bran inquired.
"Some types of casters can go through the process early. Without maintenance it wears off. Sometimes, stress can tear it apart and all hell breaks loose. Like with Savon."
"What are you talking about?"
Tremaine rubbed at his head. "Ask her. It's not for me to share if she hasn't."
Robert walked to the cell. "Sylvan magic still surrounds him. Not sure what it's meant for."
"He could be a problem," Preston pointed out.
Bran lifted a shoulder. "For now, he stays. I can call Nate if I need to, let him decide, but I'm not making that call."
"Why?" Tremaine asked, genuinely curious.
"He's my brother. Shit, I wasn't even surprised when I learned. Things were always strained between my parents and his. Of my friends, Nate is the wisest. He reads a situation, knows how to resolve it. He lacked the confidence, but he's gained that, even before Savon moved back."
"Let us know if you need us," Tremaine said and reached for Robert. Preston touched Robert's back, and they were back in the hotel room.
"I think we need to go to Draecyn's. See what we can find about the Wolfssengen Pendant."
Robert dropped into a seat. "Supposed to make the wearer mad. Also forges or breaks any bond they share with another. Or supposed to. I remember the story my father used to tell me."
"Can you tell it?" Tremaine asked.
"I don't remember all of it, but the pendant was sought by wolves to break their mate bond when one went feral or crazed. The Fae created it to break bonds forced on one, or those that forged and were corrupted. It can also bind a person to the wearer. Without the pendant, it can't be broken."
"You think Canagan used it against Killian?" Preston asked.
"That or the other way around," Tremaine answered. "I don't know. They both wanted the pendant. That much I knew. And at times Killian and Canagan were lovers. Shit?after how he made her a wolf, I don't know what to think."
"I'm not sure I want to know." Robert stood. "Think Draecyn will share his knowledge?"
"Only one way to find out."
Chapter 38


Savon stood in the open sun room, painting the view in vivid colors he only vaguely saw. Nate only had a taste of how she saw the world. 
In her element, Savon was breathtaking. She swayed to music only she heard, painting things few ever saw with their own eyes.
Ceridwen was on the way with Mircea and Nadya. Part of him wished they could have dealt with it sooner, but he knew the moment he took the pack, he would be challenged by someone. Question was who.
He stole a day now, because it could take months for things to settle down. If she had said no, they would have moved anywhere she wanted. Though whoever these Dark Templar were would still come for him and this pendant he only heard mentioned a few times through the years.
The bell rang, and he walked to the door. 
Nadya looked up at him with a blush. "Is Savon ready?"
"This way, though give her a moment. She was painting."
Nadya nodded. "I think most of us find an outlet. Some don't find it until much later in life."
"She's always been an artist." He led them to the sun room.
Savon looked up from cleaning her brushes. "Morning. I'll be ready in a minute."
Nadya walked into the room, past Savon, to look at the painting. "This is beautiful."
Savon smiled. "Thank you. Take it with you."
"Really?"
Lifting her head, she nodded out the window. "I can paint it again. Nate made sure of that."
He couldn't help the smile that spread on his face.
"Let's step outside," Mircea whispered.
Nate took one last look at Savon and led them out front. Ceridwen followed.
"Nadya will need time alone with her to decide the best route to train Savon."
"Will it take long?"
"Not for the basics. But I believe Nadya likes Silvertail Ridge. Which means I'm more than happy to stay until Savon has a firm grasp on her abilities."
"Unfortunately, I think we're running out of time to act. I don't know how much time you've spent in Silvertail Ridge, but there are definitely factions, and with Jay losing interest in leading, or maybe that was never his interest, everything is shifting, for the worse. Something needs to happen concerning my father."
"Agreed. Which is why Nadya will focus on the biggest concerns first, then she can take her time as things settle down."
Nate leaned against the rail of the porch. "Sorry about my reaction when I first saw you."
"Don't concern yourself with that. I know what my brother was capable of. It's part of the reason we move campsites often, and always where he's unlikely to find us. There are women there he's hurt in the past."
"Did he start off an asshole?"
"No. He could be quite charming when he wanted something, or someone. Sooner or later, his personality always shines through the faade. He could go a decade before that happened, unless something made him slip. Like this pendant. And no, I don't want it, but I do know what would happen if he had given it to his superiors."
"Would it be the end of the world?" Nate asked.
"Our way of life would end. The environment wouldn't be livable to most of us."
"We need to stop my father. And Canagan. Shit, I don't know what she wants with it, but I don't believe it's the same thing Nikolai wanted it for."
"Don't worry about the pendant for now," Ceridwen said. "After you take control of the pack, there will be plenty to discuss."
Nate turned toward her. "Why not now?"
"One thing at a time," she suggested.

* * * *

Nadya walked to the glass door and stepped outside. Savon followed, wondering if the girl would actually talk, teach her anything, or if she'd wind up like the others.
"The spirits flock to you. Even more than they ever have to me." Nadya walked to the water's edge. "It's nice. They aren't pelting me with requests and questions."
Savon froze, her head cocked. "Questions? Requests? Sure, they occasionally want something, a few insist, and I send them away. But most don't pester."
"They're afraid of you. That's why. Most of us can't send them away for good. I take it you can?"
Savon shrugged. "I guess. I mean, I honestly don't know for sure."
Nadya turned to her, her dark eyes penetrating. "What happens when you get tired of hearing them?"
"Used to tuning them out. But the ones who insist go away when I blow up at them. I tell them to go and they're gone."
"How?" she asked.
Savon ducked her head. "Yell at them, 'Never come to me again.' That's all it ever takes."
"Ever asked any of them to come back?"
"No. Not sure where they go. My dad always warned me that they could come back stronger if they did manage to find their way back."
"How many have you sent away?"
"Three or four. Most I ignore, and they go away on their own."
"As they should. Come." She walked toward the fallen log where Nate had taken Savon again.
Blushing, Savon nodded her head down the beach. "Let's walk."
Nadya gave her a strange look but followed Savon's lead. "It's peaceful out here."
"It is. I missed this while I was in the city."
"I want to visit a city."
"Never been?"
She shook her head. "Spent all my life traveling hard to reach places in Eastern Europe. I've always wanted to see the city lights and walk down a busy street. The closest I've come is Silvertail Ridge."
"Which isn't a real city. A town, but not a big city. Maybe your father will let me take you down to San Francisco for a day trip."
"I'd love that."
Savon smiled. "So, I don't have a clue what to ask in regards to our abilities. I've never tried to direct the spirits. They usually respond to any strong emotion from me and act accordingly. Which is why I try to have an outlet that doesn't involve every spirit in the vicinity."
"That's farther than some ever get. But you can direct them without offering anything. You can control them, but that takes sacrifice from you and can open the door to possession. That's why so many of us go mad. They let the wrong entity in."
Nadya stopped and dropped her eyes to the sand. She waved her hand in a circle.
Savon watched as wind circled around them, drawing the moisture from the sand. Once the patch was dry, a smile lit her face. "Thank you." She motioned to the ground and took a seat, so Savon joined her.
"With a little prompting, those that favor you will do small tasks like drying a place to sit, blowing away debris, helping fruit fall, and more. When you're angry, they want to make you happy, which is why they target the one who hurt you, unless you share a special bond with them, and then they seem to understand the difference."
"Why Nate was never harmed." She glanced out over the water. "That's a relief."
"It should be. Though there are entities that would target him, if you gave them the go ahead. Watch for those."
"How?"
"Easy. That's why I'm here."

* * * *

Nate prepared lunch while attempting to avoid the worry creeping in. Savon and Nadya hadn't come back. Mircea stood at the window, staring down the shore. Mircea's unease made him nervous.
Ceridwen leaned against the counter beside Nate. "Stop worrying. Both of you. No harm will reach them. Right now, Canagan is attempting to find her next move."
Biting his tongue, Nate nodded. Savon said Ceridwen knew most things ahead of time. A vague memory floated through his head. He knew the name Ceridwen.
"How well did you know Killian?" he asked.
"Not well enough. Fawn wanted to bring Killian into our small circle. I declined, knowing he already worked for HARP as one of their hunters. Your father wanted the Wolfssengen Pendant, and he was a horrible man. I didn't know much else."
"Got that right. But if you know so much, why did you let Savon date Nikolai? Why didn't you stop the bastard?" Nate shot a glance to Mircea. "No offense."
He lifted a shoulder. "None taken. Trust me, he was the evil twin."
"I warned her to be careful, but she didn't listen." Ceridwen shook her head, glancing outside. "And I didn't know how deep he was involved with HARP or the Dark Templar in the beginning. He was a mercenary, worked for the highest bidder. He's worked for many organizations over the years."
Nate scrubbed a hand over his face. "Think his people know where he was when he died? Or that he's dead?"
Mircea shook his head. "Not sure. The Dark Templar all but disappeared recently. There are rumors that their leader is in hiding, or dead. And they were a fringe group of the Silver Council that was never sanctioned."
"So they are real?" Nate asked, scrubbing a hand over the back of his neck. "And they are somehow part of the Council?"
"Yes," Ceridwen answered. "Though not known to most. They're the dark secret that too many people fear. It was born out of mages' need to be the best. That's not how the world works. No world."
Shaking his head, he went back to the sandwiches. "I hope everyone likes ham. I wasn't thinking about anyone but Savon when I stocked the fridge. Hell, I hope she still likes all the same stuff."
"She has you, the only thing she's ever truly wanted, but was too afraid to admit when you disappeared. And don't worry. I understand the sway your father held over you. As long as you don't let him have that power now, we won't have a problem."
"Never again," Nate promised. "I want to find him, kill him, and finally take life by the reins."
Nadya and Savon stepped through the door, both wearing bright smiles.
"Learn a ton?" Nate asked.
Savon nodded, light dancing through her head. "Oh yeah. Not as hard as I thought, either."
"Hungry?" he asked.
"Famished," Nadya answered.
"Me too," Savon said.
Ceridwen announced, "I suggest we go back to Silvertail Ridge after we eat."
Nodding, Savon agreed, "For the best."
Chapter 39


Whispers bounced through the car as Nate drove them back to Silvertail Ridge. Something big was coming. Ceridwen confirmed it with her suggestion to go home.
Nate drove down the road, completely oblivious to the buzz in the air. 
The spirit whispered, "He needs your help."
Savon closed her eyes, breathing deep. Whatever Nate needed, she'd provide. Didn't matter what.
His phone chimed. She glanced down to see Bran's name. 
Nate pressed something and the music switched to low. "Hey, what's going on?"
"You back in town yet?" her brother said over the speakers.
"Yeah, why?"
"Come to town hall. Hell's about to break loose. Every damned wolf is here except Canagan."
Nate punched the gas. "We'll be there."
"Shit, do you need to bring my sister?" Bran mumbled.
"Heard that, asshole," Savon answered. "And yes, he needs to bring me. I can take care of myself."
"Fine, call your mage friends at least," he bit out.
Nate shook his head. "Bye."
Savon dug her phone out of her purse and dialed Tremaine.
He answered in a single ring. "Calling about the congregation of wolves at the town hall?"
"Yeah. You there?"
"Preston is. He just called. We're on the way."
"Nate and I will be there soon. Do you have any idea what's going on?"
"There's a portal building. I believe your mother or someone is bringing Killian back."
"Let's hope we can end this then."
"End what?" Nate asked.
"Your father, the rift in the pack."
"That's not going away until I deal with whoever is loyal to my bastard of a father."
"Are there any?"
"Fuck, I don't know, Sav. I want to say no, but I know plenty of the wolves don't believe I have what it takes to be the Alpha, and that's my fault. I should have challenged him in the beginning."
"Trem, I'll see you when I get there." She hung up and turned to Nate. "No more past, remember? Only the future. You'll prove you're Alpha, and if I need to do something, I will."
"Like what?"
"Canagan. She's going to pull something. I can feel it."
"What do you mean?"
"The beasts in the woods are drawing closer. They're coming at her command. Don't worry. I can deal with that."
He nodded. "Mages will be there too. I've got a good feeling about this."
She refused to give the doubts creeping in a voice, so she pulled on her hope and determination.
He parked outside the town hall. Seemed the wolves left a space for him. They climbed out, and she heard the roar of a bear somewhere nearby.
Nate turned to her. "A bear?"
She grinned. "I can handle a bear, and anything else she brings with her. You have the wolves to deal with, but if a single one of them steps out of line, I'll put a stop to it."
"Not if they challenge me."
"No, if they challenge you, I expect you to end them. If they come at you without, I'll stop them."
"I forget you know more about wolves than most wolves seem to."
Nate twined his fingers through hers and walked into the town hall with his mate. The floor was clear of chairs. The entire pack of two hundred wolves lined the edges of the room. In the center a black vortex spun, forming an orb big enough for people to come through.
Savon froze as her mother stepped through with a silver chain in her hand. A half-man werewolf crawled through at her feet.
So many nightmares starred Killian in that form. She couldn't recall a time she ever saw him in reality. Only in dream. Though why had her imagination conjured such a beast?
Nate's grip tightened when Killian started to growl, his bronze eyes glowing in her direction. She wanted to caution Nate to focus on winning, not his anger.

* * * *

Hatred flowed through Nate the second his father growled at his mate. Answers could wait. He wanted to end this bullshit.
Fawn lifted her hand and dropped it. The portal closed with a whoosh.
"Release him," Nate snarled.
Her green eyes sparkled. "Are you ready to challenge him?"
His eyes narrowed. "I was ready the moment I stepped back into Silvertail Ridge. Jay got there first."
Fawn turned, finding Jay to Nate's right. "Do you forfeit your challenge of Killian Taggert?"
"I do, though make no mistake, if Nate fails, I'll reissue my challenge." Jay met Nate's eyes. "I don't expect you'll fail."
"Too much to fight for," Nate assured.
Killian snarled, shooting forward.
Fawn dragged him back with more strength than he could have ever expected. "Shift," she demanded.
"I need to make sure he's well and fully ready to accept my challenge," Nate roared.
A smile graced her lips as she grasped the choke collar and released the latch. She placed a hand on his head and whispered the words to heal. The silver burn evaporated under her touch.
Killian stood, towering over him. "I accept your challenge. How will you fight?"
"Half-man form." He whipped the T-shirt over his head, kicked off his shoes, and shoved his jeans and boxer briefs down his legs before sliding them away.
He stepped forward, shifting. Nate was tall at six-four, but he shot up another foot and a half with the shift. He stepped closer. "Your rules?"
"To the death," Killian answered. Desperation burned in his father's eyes. He stalked forward. "No more excuses. Show me, show them, you can lead." 
Bastard wanted to die. Nate couldn't wait to grant that wish.
Killian circled, but Nate pivoted. No limp, no hint of pain. He struck out, shooting forward, aiming his fist for Nate's gut.
Nate stepped out of the way, caught Killian's shoulder, and drove him face first into the hardwood floor. There was a crunch, probably his father's nose, though he didn't even grunt.
Killian's hands hit the ground, and he pushed up, but Nate remembered that move and rolled back, coming to a crouch behind his father as he spun, his eyes narrowing. 
"You're weak, Nathan. Always were. And as soon as I kill you, I'll rip your mate to shreds."
Savon laughed. "You'll never get that chance."
Nate lunged forward, taking his father to the ground, planting the claws of his toes into his father's thighs as he slammed his fist into his father's face.
As much as he wanted to end his father's life, he needed to prove it was a fair fight. Too fast, and they would assume the bastard was hurt. And maybe he had been over the last few months, but he didn't sense anything wrong with his father now besides maybe his mental health. Nothing Nate could do about that besides end him.
Killian rolled, proving he still had his strength. Nate moved away, coming to his feet as Killian dove at him.
Again, Nate moved out of the way, grabbing his father by the hair. Shoving him forward, Nate kicked him in the lower back, sending him sprawling.
A roar of rage echoed through the hall as Killian spun and launched himself through the air, knocking Nate back. Killian raked his claws down Nate's chest. Nate took his wrist, squeezing until the bones snapped, and flung him to the ground, dropping to his chest with one knee and grabbing his father's throat.
"End me," he mouthed.
Nate gripped his windpipe and tore it loose and tossed it away. Then he punched his claws through his father's spine and ripped his head from his body.
Pack magic rolled through the room, kicking up a breeze that ruffled the hair of every wolf in the building. A collective roar of every werewolf went up as the breeze flowed toward him in vibrant shades of yellow and orange, with sparks of red.
The colors of hope, relief, and anger.
The energy infused him, magic filling his soul as a flicker of every wolf flared to life in his mind's eye.
The jock-cocks, as Savon had once called them, shifted and charged at Nate.

* * * *

Savon stepped forward and pushed her hands at the three idiots. Unseen forces lifted them off their feet, keeping them in place as their clothes shredded with the shift to wolf. They couldn't manage half-beast, yet they were ready to fight.
"They're not in control of their actions," Savon stated. "They're glowing with Canagan's magic."
Robert spoke up, "I can put them in a cell until we're sure Canagan is out of the way."
He walked forward, and Savon motioned her hands together. The three wolves collided.
Robert put them to sleep with a touch and took them from the room in a blink.
A snarl rent the air as the doors were thrown open and Canagan stormed inside. "Where is Clay Weston?" she demanded.
"Safe and away from you," Bran answered. "I know what you did to him. Did you take away the violet starlet because he didn't take Savon down?"
"This harlot poisoned him."
Bran laughed. "That's not how the toxin works and you know it."
Canagan hissed, her pale eyes burning orange as she walked to Savon. "I challenge you. Outside, where we may have an even playing field."
There was nothing fair about what Savon was prepared to do. This creature held sway over too many of the wolves, and she aimed to end it.
Everyone followed, but kept their distance. Canagan stopped at the edge of the forest as a dozen natural wolves lined up along the grass, ready for her command.
Sylvan magic had always come easier to Savon. And she no longer needed to avoid sorcery.
Colors washed through the lot from the werewolves behind her. Mostly blues of concern.
Bran snarled. "You're not a wolf, Savon. You don't have to accept a challenge."
"Don't need to be a wolf to finish the other half of this pack's problem. This is my town too."
Bran muttered under his breath, and Savon spared a glance back to see Preston and Robert next to Nate and Bran. Tremaine tipped his head with a smirk, knowing full well she could handle this, and if not, he would step in.
He wasn't going to need to save her. Neither did Nate, or Bran, or anyone else for that damned matter.
"Savon Roantree killed Clay Weston! I found the toxins growing on the edge of her property. What else are you hiding?" Canagan shouted. White-blond hair whipped around her as she lifted her hands and the bushes along the edge of the parking lot grew, reaching for Savon.
The collective gasps didn't bother Savon. Didn't matter who they were rooting for.
Savon snorted. "Clay is alive and well. He's no longer addicted to your tea."
There was a pop and Bran cursed again. Then Robert stood before her with a burly werewolf, on his knees, seemingly unharmed. And she remembered him from years ago.
Robert's voice rose above the murmurs. "Mr. Weston was following Savon, plotting her demise. The toxin that was in his system was put there by Canagan and removed by Francine Taylor. And Savon hasn't been here long enough to create the addiction in Clay."
"Who the fuck are you?" a wolf shouted.
"The Magister of the Silver Council enforcers. And my purpose here is to show you the whole story while Nathan Taggert claims his pack, and Savon shows you what Canagan truly is."
Canagan sputtered. "Heresy! Why would I poison my lover?"
Clay laughed harshly. "To keep me bound to you. To further your goals. And as soon as I failed, you stopped providing the tea you insisted I drink. That's when the corruption spread."
"Then why aren't you dead?" she spat, stalking closer, but the spirits wailed, pushing back at her.
Savon lifted a hand, a cruel twist to her lips as she motioned forward. Canagan flew back, landing at the feet of her wolves, who snarled and directed their attention to Canagan.
Canagan screamed in rage, shifting. The white dress shredded as she grew, fur flowing down her body, her bones shifting. "I will not be denied my pack!"
"You already have been. And to take the pack you'd have to challenge Nate, but you issued a challenge to me."
"A worthless sorceress, with a little Fae blood. You're nothing, Savon Roantree. Just like your foolish parents."
Fawn stepped forward, anger in her voice. "She's better than any of us. So is Nate, no matter how far his father tried to beat him down."
Savon ignored her mother, watching Canagan as the last of her dress fell from her half-beast body. Canagan hit the ground and charged.
Savon ducked, and Canagan soared over her shoulder. She spun, facing the she-beast. "You'll never have the pendant, and you'll never have the pack." She sent a request to Canagan's natural wolves. Tear her down.
"I will have the pack. No blood of Killian shall ever enforce their will on anyone. Nate will not enforce his will on you, either!"
Savon lunged forward, infusing magic into her fists as she hit Canagan in her throat and gut. Canagan slid back a couple feet.
She roared and lashed out with a swipe. Savon rolled to the side, careful to keep the wolf from scratching her. Going furry didn't appeal to her.
Savon crouched low, calling magic to her fingertips. Heat roared around her as the molecules vibrated. She waited for Canagan to make a move.
Nate's tension rose. Too many colors burst from him.
Canagan's aura danced with reds and veins of black and shades of purple, hinting at madness. No surprise there.
Canagan ran at her, and Savon moved. The wolf crashed into a tree at the edge of the lot.
Savon threw her hands out, commanding the bushes to rise up, twisting branches reshaped into vines that wrapped around Canagan, pinning her to the tree. The vines hardened, growing thin, hard branches that drove into her body.
Canagan screamed but it was more of a gurgling sound. 
Savon stepped forward, running her hands over the leaves. The plant burst into flames as the twigs tore into Canagan, growing and ripping her to pieces as the branches doubled in size, splitting and spreading wider.
Backing away, Savon said, "I'm sorry Killian wronged you. I'm sorry your revenge didn't come the way you wanted, but you will not destroy my family, my mate, or anyone else." She opened her hands, and the branches enlarged exponentially. Canagan burst apart, blood, chunks of flesh, and bones flying in all directions.
The roots of the tree and bushes sprang from the ground, wrapping around the remains of Canagan, drinking her in.
Hands closed over her shoulders, and Savon looked back to find Nate. "Scared me when you decided a physical attack was necessary," he murmured. "But you proved you can handle anything any of them throw at you."
"Told you." She turned and licked her lips.
His mouth descended on hers. Before he stole her breath, she pushed him back and nodded to the werewolves.
Nate turned back to the pack and pulled her with him. "Anyone else want to challenge me or my mate?"
Savon held back a snort. His words were necessary and proved he had faith in her.
They all knelt, dropping their heads in submission.
Nate's voice carried across the lot. "My second is Bran Roantree. And I'll discuss the enforcer positions with those I want in the role before announcing them."
Bran stepped forward, a nervous glint to his eyes, and glanced at Clay. "What about him?"
Nate walked to Clay, who knelt while Preston and Robert stood behind him. "Are you staying here as a loyal wolf? Or leaving?"
He looked up, confusion on his face. "You're giving me the option after what I tried to do?"
Nate nodded. "You're under probation. One wrong move and I will mete out punishment, but you weren't fully in control of your actions, and we all deserve a second chance."
"Stay, but I reserve the right to leave if I choose to later."
Nate nodded. "I'm not my father. I won't force anyone to stay if they want to leave. Things are going to change. I'm willing to give everyone a chance. You should give me one to prove things can be better."
One corner of Clay's mouth tipped up, but he shot a glare at Savon. "And you? What do you want?"
"To live my life and love the man who holds my heart. I don't want anything from the werewolves. If pack business doesn't involve me, I won't be asking questions. I trust Nate to take care of you all."
Clay frowned, leaning back on his heels. "Canagan said otherwise."
"Lies. Why don't you see for yourself? Just don't plan an attack against me. You won't live to correct that mistake a second time."
"Thank you."
"Don't thank me. I'm only asking the same common courtesy I expect from the rest of you." Savon walked away, finding her mother across the lot from the wolves.
Her mother beamed at her. "I've never been so proud of anyone in my life."
"Thanks. Would have helped if you or Dad taught me something useful." She glanced over at Ceridwen, who appeared beside them. "I don't believe Ceridwen is very happy with you."
"Don't imagine she is. However, it was the best way to resolve all the issues before Jay could alter our course. Besides, he never wanted to stick around after he killed Killian."
Savon shook her head. "You have a lot of explaining to do."
"Made my bed, I'll lie in it. We can talk when you go home."
Savon winced. "I've made the home my own. Didn't think you were alive."
She nodded. "The home is yours. I don't imagine I'll be staying in Silvertail Ridge. I'm certain my purpose here has ended."
Ceridwen nodded. "We have a lot to discuss. Your solution was better than I'd envisioned."
"Shall we?" Fawn asked.
"You can go to the house. I'll be there once we're done here. I'm not leaving Nate, though."
Fawn smiled. "Don't expect you to. It's why I brought Killian back when I did."

* * * *

Jay leaned against his motorcycle, watching everything unfold. He wanted a word with Nate before he made any final decisions. Sooner or later, he'd move on. This wasn't his home, and there was a piece of him that still felt a connection to Savon.
There were two options. Stay and torture himself. Or leave to find his own mate. Maybe then the new emptiness would fill up.
Bran, Evangeline, and Nate were the only wolves left in the lot. Nate crossed the distance. "What's your plan?"
"What's yours?"
"Depends on your decision."
"I have business to settle before I leave. If you need me for a few months, I'm willing to stay. After that, I need to roam. Find my own way."
"Until I get the other enforcers in place, will you act as one?"
Jay smiled. "No hard feelings about before?"
"No. You've earned my respect and trust."
"Then yes, I'll stay. But remember, when you have the enforcers settled, I'm leaving town. I may be back, but I need to find someone to fill the gaps that opened when I realized I might find another mate."
"I can't be sorry she chose me."
"You shouldn't be. You both are happy, and I'm glad I met her. She pushed me to find my own direction."
"Should tell her that."
He shook his head. "No. It's better left unsaid." He climbed on his bike.
Chapter 40


"That was too easy," Savon told Tremaine.
He snorted. "According to who? You damn near gave me a stroke. Hand to hand with a shifted wolf?"
"I still remember the moves you showed me. Not to mention I infused magic behind my strikes."
He sighed. "What's with the three wolves?"
She lifted a shoulder. "I'll let Nate sort that out. They were assholes in school, but they did help me move in when I came back to town. And they attacked under Canagan's influence."
He chuckled. "Ever wonder why weres tend to flock to you?"
"What? They do not." Savon protested.
He half-laughed. "I can think of a dozen shifters who wanted you badly. And Jay, he felt a bond coming. That dissipated the moment you mated Nate. Still, he wasn't the first, either."
"What are you talking about?"
"I can think of a few men who tried to woo you before you were ready to start thinking about other men."
"Don't remind me of the other men."
He nudged her. "You kept a few of us as friends after."
"Yeah, only when we both realized it wasn't meant to be."
"Your heart was already claimed, you just needed to realize it."
"Same for you. Though Robert? That I couldn't have guessed."
Tremaine looked across the lot at his man. "Yeah, neither did I, but I wouldn't have it any other way."
"Hey, if it works, it works. And I'm going to want to visit. You know I want to meet your baby."
"We're having a boy," he offered. He nodded at Nate. "What about you two? Now that you're together again, think you want a little one?"
Savon lifted a shoulder. "If it happens, it does. Right now, we need to discuss a few things before making any decisions."
"Yeah, but what do you want?"
"I'm not in a rush, but I do want kids, eventually. I can't imagine he'll ever be the asshole his father was."
"Doubtful."
Jay rode off, and Bran caught up with Nate as he made his way over.
"Well, I think we're done here," Tremaine said. "Call if something comes up, but I'll let you settle into your new life."
"Thanks." She smiled.
Nate nodded at Tremaine. "I can't thank you enough. I'm glad Savon had you as a friend all those years."
"Me too. She helped me as much as I helped her. Good luck, you two." Tremaine reached for Robert's hand.
Robert smiled. "A pleasure to meet you both. I'm sure we'll be seeing more of both of you."
Preston smirked. "Later."
They were gone. Savon turned to Nate. "What's up with Jay?"
"He's going to stick around a few months, but then move on. I suppose we need to see what your mother and Ceridwen have to say?"
"Yeah, though Ceridwen seems okay with the outcome. I don't have a clue what's going to happen in the end."
Bran put his arm around Savon. "Not sure how to feel about Mom being back."
She laughed softly. "Yeah, I'm with you there. You coming over?"
"Sure. May as well get this over with."

* * * *

Nervous energy flowed through Savon. Ceridwen sticking around was probably a good thing?in a way.
Nate took her hand. "What's going on in your head?"
"Wondering what happens next."
"Tell me you don't regret me taking the pack."
"Not in the least." She leaned her head against his shoulder. "Told you, I want to be with you. And we both have a brother here." Her brow pinched. "I'm going to have to ask my mother about that. I can't not."
"Yeah, I want to know why too. My father was not a good man."
Savon shuddered. "Don't have to worry about him now."
"True." He pulled up in front of Savon's house. "So, you want me to move in?"
Savon grinned. "Yes."
"After they leave, I'll bring some stuff over."
"Sounds good." She slid from the car and hurried to the door.
Fawn opened the door and wrapped her arms around Savon as Bran walked up to Nate. "Think we were all manipulated?"
He snorted. "A little, but I don't mind the outcome. I was heading this direction anyway."
"True." Bran started for the door.
Fawn took Bran into her arms. "I missed you. I'm sorry I couldn't tell you everything."
"Will you now?" Bran asked.
"Everything."
Bran squeezed her back and stepped inside.
Nate came up the steps. "You're happy Savon and I are together?"
She hugged him. "More than anything. You two should have had your happiness all those years ago. Come, you need the whole story."
He dipped his head, and they gathered in the living room. Savon sat curled on the couch and held her hand out to Nate. He sat down beside her. Bran took a seat in a chair.
Ceridwen stood in a corner, while Fawn dropped onto the loveseat.
After a deep breath, Fawn launched into her explanation. "I wish things weren't so complicated between our families, though I suppose if it wasn't the case, you two would never have been together."
Bran snorted.
"I fell hard for your father, Nathan. In the beginning he was a charming rogue. The first year was wonderful. And then he learned I had the Wolfssengen Pendant and he wanted it. That's when Vanessa walked into our lives. He didn't resist the mate bond. I'm not sure he could have. She wanted the pendant for HARP."
"I left, Darron came to me, helped me pick up the pieces, and while I was away, I learned I was pregnant with Bran." She turned to him. "I didn't want Killian to find out. It's why you didn't know. Only, he knew, thanks to Vanessa, who was a Dreamwalker."
"Then Darron and I had Savon." Fawn turned to her. "You were so powerful, sweetheart. Your father tried to teach you at first, but he didn't know how. You made it impossible for him to control the entities. And then the spirits destroyed a library in New York, and we fled. We had someone bind your magic, only it never fully worked. There are parts of your magic that are so inherently part of you, nothing could alter that. So we brought you back to Silvertail Ridge."
She took a long breath. "I never wanted to come back. Killian was vengeful, vindictive. He found out I took another lover, and he went ballistic, but he wouldn't touch me. No, he was afraid of me because Vanessa made sure he knew what I am."
"Because of Canagan?" Nate asked.
"Believe so. She tormented him. He deserved it. If I had known that story I never would have trusted Killian, but Canagan wasn't here when I first met Killian. She came later, when she learned I had possession of the pendant. Both Killian and Canagan worked together to try to take it five years ago. Darron died to ensure Killian couldn't interrupt my portal in the basement. I took the pendant to the Sylvan Forest in Faery. When your father died, he followed me across the veil, and because his soul is bound to a spirit, much like those you hear, he's stuck between planes. I can see him, hear him. I'm never truly alone now."
Savon blinked back tears.
"He's sorry, Savon. We thought we were protecting you from the Branches of Emrys, but that was never the problem. Not really. He was afraid you would wind up like him. Bound to a spirit who never released you. It's why he can't move on. A spirit latched onto his soul."
Savon leaned into Nate. He hugged her closer. "You won't," he whispered.
Fawn laughed. "No, I don't imagine you will. Darron sees that now too. He's watched over you. You don't make his mistakes."
"Wish he could have seen that sooner."
"Me too. Maybe if we hadn't blocked your magic, you would have had your little girl."
Nate turned to Savon to wipe the tears from her face. "I love you," he whispered.
She buried her face against his neck.
"When you're ready, we'll have all the babies you want."
She laughed, squeezing tighter.
Fawn stood and reached toward him with a small box in her hand. "I believe this is yours." She winked.
The velvet box that caused the accident.
"Vanessa left Killian when she realized he would continue to beat her-that not even tormenting him in dreams would ever stop him. She wasn't a werewolf. She wouldn't have survived another beating. So she left. And later, she saw Killian's car and drove him off the road. I was driving back from town when I saw the accident. I rushed over."
She wiped at her own tears. "She pulled you out of the car. You were so banged up, bloody, and you weren't breathing. She thought you were dead. She'd brought a gun to finish Killian and shot herself when she thought you were beyond saving."
Nate looked up. "My father told me my mother ran me off the road, but I didn't really believe it."
Fawn nodded. "You had the box wrapped in your hand. She figured out what was going on. She knew Killian would kill her, so she took her own life."
Savon sat up. She bit her lip, her eyes slamming shut.
"I know," he whispered. "You told me not to go."
Nodding, she shrugged.
Ceridwen spoke up, "Things would have been a mess for a long time. The baby was never viable. That had nothing to do with anything. Killian would have changed Nate anyway. He would have torn you both apart, one way or another."
Savon let out a sigh. "So now what?"
Ceridwen walked to the center of the room. "Join us. I'll tell you everything. I trust you to hide the pendant in a realm between realms. Something you can reach, but no one else can."
"Why me?" Savon asked. 
"Because you don't want to use the pendant, and you know what it can do. Fawn will leave with me, and anyone who wants it will believe it came with us. Please, Savon. There are places in the house only you can reach, thanks to the thin veil between worlds."
"All right," she answered.
"Is that what you want?" Nate asked.
Savon half-laughed. "Makes sense. And I always felt as if Ceridwen was grooming me for something."
"I want Bran to help you." Ceridwen turned to him. "Will you?"
"If I can."
"Me too," Nate answered.
Ceridwen laughed. "Already expected that." She placed the pendant in Savon's hands and closed them.
"What do I do with the pendant?" Savon asked.
"For now, you can wear it. Later, after we leave, you and Bran should hide it. I believe you two can figure that out on your own."
"I have an idea," she answered.
"You'll fill me in?" Bran asked.
"Of course."
Ceridwen stood. "Come on, Fawn, I think they have enough to digest, and you and I aren't finished with our discussion yet."
"Of course." She smiled and hugged each of them before following Ceridwen out the door.
Savon took a look at the pendant. It appeared to be a simple carving of a wolf's head in gray stone on a leather thong. On the back were symbols she couldn't read. "All this trouble over this little thing?"
Nate huffed. "I can hardly believe it."
"Follow me. I have an idea about what we can do with it." Savon hopped up and led them outside, around the back, to an oak tree they all used to climb.
She held her hand over a knot in the tree and whispered words. A hole opened and Savon placed the necklace within. Then she sealed the hole with another spell.
Savon looked to Bran. "Later, I'll teach you how to build these wards." She worked the magic.
Bran put his arm around her. "Was that Sylvan magic?"
"Yup, the spirits will watch over it."
"In that case, I should go." Bran put his arm around her.
"Soon, we're hanging out," Savon promised.
"You got it, Sis." Bran hugged her. "I'm going to take off now."
Nate took her hand and brought her back inside. 
Smiling, Savon murmured, "To the future."
He turned and swept her off her feet. "As long as I have you, I'm a happy man."
Chapter 41


Two weeks later, Savon sat in Nate's car. A blindfold had been placed over her eyes. He insisted on her dressing up and she complied, but the voices continued to whisper in her ear.
"He has a surprise."
"Giorno's."
"Going to be so happy."
Too many voices kept talking. She couldn't decipher everything.
The car stopped. "Stay there, Sav."
She laughed and wanted to tell him he was wasting his time. But this was their favorite restaurant, and they hadn't eaten there in years.
Her door opened. He unbuckled the belt and scooped her into his arms, bumping the door shut before striding inside.
"I can walk," she admonished.
"And I want to carry you," he whispered.
She laid her head on his shoulder. "Fine."
"Besides, those are seriously sexy shoes, and I don't want you to break an ankle since you can't see."
Only, she could see more than he thought.
He stepped inside and carried her back to the banquet room. She couldn't hide the smile.
"They told you, didn't they?" he whispered.
She lifted a shoulder.
He laughed. "Why didn't you say something?"
"It's the thought that counts."
He set her down and pulled the blindfold free. Their friends were all there. Everyone who helped get them to where they were now. He spun her around and dropped to his knee. "It's a little late, but I want to marry you."
"Anytime, anyplace," she answered, tears filling her eyes.
Standing, he wrapped his arms around her waist and lifted her off her feet, kissing her.
About Brandy L Rivers



Brandy L Rivers is a New York Times and USA Today bestselling author. She is kept busy writing the Others of Seattle, Others of Edenton, Combustible, and the Pine Barrens Pack series.
An avid reader, Brandy has always loved writing. She became serious about it as a stay-at-home-mother. With every story her world of characters expands, pulling her new directions.
Living in rainy Western Washington with her husband and three kids, Brandy is already working on future stories in each of the series, and several other projects.

To keep up with upcoming releases and news visit me at my
Website - Facebook - Twitter

Or join my newsletter
Or reading group Rivers' Shenanigans
Also by Brandy L Rivers

Box Sets
Others of Edenton - Series Volume 1
Others of Edenton - Series Volume 2
Others of Edenton - Series Volume 3
Others of Seattle - Series Volume 1
Others of Seattle - Series Volume 2

Others of Edenton
New Beginnings
In Too Deep
Shadows Fall
Shadows of the Past
Falling Into Place
Fated Love
Breaking Free
Mending Scars
Labor of Love
Light in Darkness
Blissful Agony
Entangled Darkness
Deadly Design
Blood Bound (Coming Summer 2017)

Others of Seattle
Nights Embrace
Storm Mistress
Accepting Fate
Red Queen
Seductive Solutions
Changing Destiny
Coming Together
Storm Wrath
Twisted Bonds 

Nights Embrace Spin Off
Summer Rhythm

Combustible
Heart on Fire
Falling Star
Sweet Tooth
Backburn

Pine Barrens Pack Co-Written with Rebecca Brooke
Cursed Vengeance
Vengeance Unraveled (Coming 2017)

To keep up with upcoming releases and news visit me at my
Website - Facebook - Twitter
Or join my newsletter or reading group Rivers' Shenanigans
Reference Guide


Alpha - The leader of a werewolf pack. Usually the most dominant wolf in a group.
Alpha Voice - A command given by the alpha using pack magic. The command forces a single or multiple wolves to obey.
Auras - Some people can read emotions through the colors that surround each induvial. Not everyone can see auras.
Awakening - Faeries come to age after their first sexual release with another Faerie. This process brings their power to the surface. It will strengthen what might have previously shown as a weak power, or produce new ones to the individual Fae.
Bond - Werewolves often find a mate, someone they have trouble living without. Sex seals the bond. Fae sometimes find a similar connection with the right person.
Branches of Emrys - A group of Others trying to stop HARP and the Dark Templar from tearing about Earth to create a realm that was long ago destroyed.
Clairvoyant - Psychic whose gift is second sight, or seeing the future.
Dales - Group of vampires and dark mages who run an illegal fighting ring. Many the competitors are Others who have been abducted and forced to fight either through blackmail or mind control. They were a problem ten years before but disappeared until recently.
Dark Templar - An unsanctioned organization within the Silver Council bent on removing anyone they deem too powerful or a threat.
Dreamwalker - An individual who can enter another person's dreams. Some are powerful enough to alter a dream completely.
Druids - Humans who possess primarily nature magic. They aren't as common as mages. Tend to stick with other druids. They cast mostly earth and air spells, though some can manipulate fire and water. Druids can shift into animals with practice.
Faery - Both the physical realm on the other side of the veil, and the people who come from there. There are many different forms of Fae.
HARP - Hunters Against Radical Paranormals. A group that hunts Others. They also test on Others, and have hidden goals.
Hybrid - Other of mixed parentage. Sometimes even children of human and Others are considered Hybrids.
Mages - Humans who possess elemental magic. They can either sling spells like weapons or heal, though it is rare for a mage to be a healer.
Magistrate - Somewhat like the Silver Council's Sheriff, though their territory is larger than just one city.
Mate - Werewolves, Fae, and some other creatures, sometimes create a supernatural bond with their soul mate. The bond is nearly impossible to break unless one party dies. The bound couple will sometimes feel what the other is feeling, or sense danger the other is in.
Mystic - Caster that can translocate nearly anywhere. Some can move through time. Often have psychic abilities like clairvoyance and telepathy. Some say they came from another realm.
Others - Any being that isn't quite human. Werewolves, vampires, shaman, druids, mages, witches, warlocks, Fae are some examples.
Pack - Or werewolf pack, is a group of werewolves in an area. The size of the pack determines the size of their region. Werewolves in a pack have a hierarchal structure based on the creature's innate dominance. Usually there is an alpha who is the leader, and several enforcers who enforce the will of the leader, and the rest of the werewolves. Every pack is run differently.
Pack Enforcer - Werewolves high in the pack hierarchy who carry out the alpha's orders or discipline.
Paineater - A type of Fae who heals others by taking their wounds. They heal more quickly than other Fae.
Shaman - Humans who possess nature magic. Similar to druids, but not the same. Most shamans can shift into a specific animal.
Shield - A protection spell. Forms a wall usually of one or two elements.
Silver Council - Organization of mages. They are the governing force of most Others. Not everyone recognizes them, but they try to police all Others. The Silver Council is mostly made up of formally trained mages. They occasionally will employ other casters.
Silver Council Enforcer - The mages who police Others.
Sleepwalker - The individual a Dreamwalker is drawn to. Sometimes the Sleepwalker can pull the Dreamwalker into a dream. Oftentimes, the Dreamwalker can watch over their Sleepwalker while they are both awake.
Sorceress - A caster who sees Aura's, can manipulate spirits or unseen entities around them. Danger lies in forcing their will too heavily on certain entities.
Sylvan Fae - Nature faeries that powers revolve around plants, earth, and animals. They can communicate, control, and sometimes possess beasts.
Translocation - Some mages can vanish and reappear in another area. It is a rare talent.
Ward - A spell that protects, sometimes keeps people from entering.
Wereanimal - Any type of wereanimal. Werewolves are the most common. Werecats probably second. They are stronger and faster than your average human. There are rare cases of other wereanimals. Each species varies in what it may, or may not, be able to do. These creatures heal most wounds incredibly fast.
Werewolves - Specific type of wereanimal. A werewolf is created when a werewolf in either its beast form, or half-man form, bites and in rare cases scratches a human. They are incredibly strong, and faster than a normal human. Powerful werewolves can shift into their wolf form and a physical presence larger than human, covered in fur with enormous claws and bestial head. Their sense of smell and sight are very strong, especially in their beast forms.
Witch - A human who is highly sensitive to magic, and can cast a limited amount of magic. Abilities vary from clairvoyance, empath, telekinesis, or various other psychic abilities. Most are adept at potions which combine natural ingredients with magic.
Wolfssengen Pendant - An ancient artifact that creates or breaks bonds between two creatures. It can also act as a tracking device for mystics.
Vampire - There are several varieties of vampire. They live off human or Other blood. For the most part, highly allergic to the sun. They are incredibly fast, and each breed possesses a different set of abilities.
Acknowledgments


Mom, you're always immensely supportive. Thank you for going on this journey with me.
Alan, I love you, thank you for never giving up on us.
Kiddos, you are amazing, talented, and always inspire me to be better.
Grampa, you're just awesome, and you know it. Love you with all my heart.
Rebecca Brooke, you are one of my favorite people to bounce ideas back and forth. Love working with you and reading your stories.
Jennifer Stevens, and your pen names, you are amazing. I love your storytelling, and thank you for always listening when I have taken a dive down a rabbit hole and need to sort out my thoughts to keep writing.
Authors with Balls, you ladies know who you are, you all are awesome, inspiring and lovely people. Love you all.
To everyone in Rivers' Shenanigans, thank you for jumping into my worlds and reading my stories. Your support means the world.
My betas are rock stars, and I love your suggestions.
Emily A. Lawrence, you are a superstar. Thank you for editing my work. You make the process smooth, and I couldn't thank you more.


