SOLDIERS OF THE HEAVENS
_____________________________________

AIELUND SAGA : Book 6


STEPHEN L. NOWLAND


Smashwords edition


Copyright 2014-2019 Stephen Louis Nowland
2019 Final Edition



Map Illustration by Cornelia Yoder
http://www.corneliayoder.com





The Author asserts the moral right to be
identified as the author of this work.

Table of Contents

World Map
Local Map
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Epilogue
Coda
About the Author



Prologue

The brilliant flash of violet light from the wizard's incantation subsided as soon as it began, bringing with it a change in scenery. Aiden Wainwright blinked his bleary eyes, attempting to adjust to his new surroundings. Gone were the cramped, towering buildings of Fairloch and the ash-covered desolation the Ironlord’s destruction had unleashed upon the city.
Instead, Aiden stood in the middle of a circular chamber not more than six yards across. Grey stone bricks interwoven with lines of glossy black metal formed the walls, and this fact alone indicated he had returned to the Tower of Blackwood Glade. A tall cylinder filled with swirling blue light hummed nearby, a familiar design to Aiden who had come across such generators before. This tower was practically full of such ancient relics, an astonishing achievement considering their age and rarity. 
Terinus, former wizard to the king of Aielund, had taken the form of a small black cat for the past few days to “hide from his masters”, as he’d put it. The cat looked up at Aiden briefly before darting through his legs and running through an open door behind them. Slightly bewildered at this odd behavior, Aiden slowly began to follow him out, but stopped short when a small person appeared in the doorway.
“’Ullo there guvna,” the small man greeted him in a cheery voice. Given his short stature he was clearly a raelani, with a wide grin and mischievous green eyes. “Don’t you worry about the boss, 'e’s prob'ly just a bit tired from prancin’ around like a cat for a few days. Does funny things to the mind after a while, I reckon. 'E’ll just go and cough up some fur balls and be right as rain, ‘e will.”
“Who the hell are you, his butler?” Aiden asked in a not entirely polite voice.
“Aye, that I am, sir, that I am,” the chatty man replied. “Lucas is me name. See to all ‘is needs, I do. Well, some of ‘is needs, let’s be clear about that! Oh, that’s a corker that is. Yeah, me and the missus sort of ‘ang around, do the cookin’ and cleanin’ and such. Sure, living in a tower with a giant wizard ‘as its downside too, but ‘e’s very considerate of my, shall we say, vertically challenged nature.”
Aiden moved past Lucas and peered down the hallway. The walls had been repaired since his last visit, and there were no lingering signs of their previous battle remaining. As before, the immense area within the tower seemed impossible — the hall went on for nearly fifty yards in either direction, with doors leading off from the main thoroughfare at regular intervals. Of the black cat, there was no sign.
“I don’t recall seeing you or your wife here last time,” Aiden remarked.
“Maybe ‘cause we was ‘iding from the earth-shaking battle goin’ on in ‘ere, wot?” Lucas chuckled. “If you don’t mind me sayin’ so, you look ‘alf dead on yer feet, so ‘ows about I get you a room? If you’ll follow me, sir...?”
Aiden followed Lucas along the hallway for a short distance until the raelani butler opened a door and ushered Aiden inside. It was a small stateroom along the edge of the tower wall, with the usual amenities and a narrow, vertical window offering a spectacular view over the surrounding forest. The walls were the same dark stone as everywhere else in the tower. A raelani woman with sharp features and long hair pulled back in a tail was busily preparing the bed.
“Almost done,” she said in a high-pitched voice, as she smoothed out the blankets. It must have taken some effort to make a bed for someone twice her size, but she performed her task with practiced ease.
“There you are, my sweet,” Lucas crooned. “You recall Mister Wainwright, don’t you?”
“I could hardly forget,” the tiny woman remarked ruefully. She scrutinized Aiden with piercing blue eyes before continuing to speak. “A right mess you are, sir. I’ll draw down a bath before leaving you to rest up. My name is Saffron, and if you need anything during your stay at the tower, Lucas and I are at your service.”
“That’s right,” Lucas chortled, “we’re ‘ere to service your every need. Well, almost, if you get wot I mean! Geddit, luv?”
“Yes, Lucas,” Saffron sighed, “it’s only the thousandth time you’ve made that joke.”
“Well, the classics never get old, know wot I mean?” Lucas shrugged with a wink to Aiden. “Course you do, guvna. Yeah, Saffy and I have been together a long time now, ain’t we luv?”
“A very long time,” Saffron answered in a flat voice, as she began pumping a handle on a nearby metal pole, which poured steaming water into a ceramic tub. 
“Try not to sound too enthusiastic there luv, you might give the wrong impression,” Lucas advised, rolling his eyes as he spoke. “What couple doesn’t have some ups and downs eh?”
“How did you come to be working for Terinus?” Aiden asked, curious in spite of his weariness. 
“Oh, that’s a long story that is,” Lucas answered, “but I don’t mind tellin’ ya we wouldn’t be alive now if it weren’t for the benevolence of the man in the black robe.”
“Benevolent is hardly the word I would use to describe him,” Aiden grumbled. 
“Ah, that’s ‘cause you don’t know the terrible burdens 'e carries, see? I’ll leave it for ‘im to speak for himself, as is only proper.”
“’Ave you eaten?” Saffron asked of Aiden as she finished up with the tub.
“I… no, not for some time,” he confessed.
“I’ll make you something nice while you wash off that layer of muck. You look like you’ve been in a fire, doesn’t ‘e Luke?”
“Aye that ‘e does Saf,” Lucas concurred sagely. “’ardly a surprise, given the size of the fireball that went up over the city. Could see the flash all the way down ‘ere, don’t ya know?”
“Yeah I saw it,” Aiden whispered, recalling their near-death experience in the aftermath of destroying the Ironlord.
“I think our guest needs to freshen up,” Saffron advised, nudging Lucas out of the room as she went past. 
“Right you are luv,” Lucas agreed. “If there’s anything you need, just pull the blue cord and one of us’ll be ‘ere quick as ya like.” Saffron pulled him out of the room and closed the door before he could say anything else, leaving Aiden to peace and quiet. The steam from the tub billowed into the cool air, beckoning Aiden to relax his weary muscles and clean off the grime. 
Slowly, he dropped everything he was carrying to the floor and shed the torn and dirty robe which had seen him through so much turmoil. He saw a flicker of movement out of the corner of his eye, and noticed a floor-length mirror reflecting his image. He stared at it, taking note of just how far the golden scales had spread over his body. 
His entire left arm was completely transformed into that of a dragon’s, and most of his left leg looked the same. His back was covered in scales. This was the price of tapping so heavily into his sorcerous power, for the origin of that power was the dragon Salinder, long dead, but evidently still having an influence on his life. 
Aiden could barely generate any feeling at all, even looking upon the extent of his changes, and he came to realize he’d felt this way since the fall of the Ironlord. Gone was his anger and fear, leaving only a hollow emptiness in its place. As he slipped into the warm waters of the tub, he contemplated his recent decisions which had led him to this place and concluded he wouldn’t change a thing. They had won the war, but at a terrible price. 
As Aiden thought about the mysterious things Terinus had recently hinted at, the warmth of the water carried him off to sleep. He dreamed of soaring through blue skies on golden wings, of descending upon helpless people below and piercing their feeble skin with his sharp talons, sending a river of blood flowing over the ground.  

Chapter One

Aiden awoke later in the day to the warm light of the setting sun, streaming through a narrow window. The bathwater had become cold, and he shivered as he climbed out and dried himself off. He was momentarily startled by the appearance of his right hand, which was perfectly normal as far as human hands went. His dreams of soaring through the skies seemed to have gone on for hours, leaving him confused as to what constituted “normal” where his body was concerned. 
There was no sign of the robe which had seen Aiden through the long journey from the wastelands of Hocarum, to the bustling civilization of Fairloch. Instead, fresh clothing was laid out on a chair nearby, suggesting he had received very quiet visitors while he’d slept. He quickly dressed, then left the room in search of his enigmatic host. Aiden had many, many questions in need of answers.
The interior space of the tower’s top floor still amazed him. Its dimensions were simply impossible given the building’s limited size, and it took a few minutes of searching to locate the black robed wizard in another room further along the hall. This one had odd-looking tools arranged in prepared spaces along the wall.
Terinus stood at a workbench, with his attention focused on something laid out on the surface before him. Aiden watched him working for a moment, before stepping into the room on soft-soled slippers.
“I trust you find your accommodations adequate, Aiden?” the wizard asked in his rasping voice, without looking up.
“Quite,” he replied, caught off guard by the unexpected greeting. “I would even go so far as to call them ‘palatial’, the décor not withstanding. I see you’ve put your royal stipend to good use.”
“I have never accepted money from the king,” Terinus said, turning to face Aiden. “Face” being a relative term, for the wizard’s features were, as ever, hidden within the depths of his hood. “I serve another master, as I’m sure you’ve—”
“Show me your face,” Aiden interrupted him. It wasn’t an order, as such, but he’d had quite enough of the wizard’s ongoing subterfuge.
“I do not see how my appearance is relevant,” Terinus hedged.
“On the contrary, it’s very important,” Aiden pressed. “If we’re going to be working together, I want to see who it is I’m dealing with. Remove your hood, sir.”
Terinus seemed to consider this for a moment and then slowly raised his hands to the edge of the fabric surrounding his head. When he pulled it back, Aiden’s theories as to the wizard’s true nature crumbled in an instant.
“You’re an elf?” he exclaimed in surprise, noting the pointed ears poking out from his hair. 
“You were expecting something else,” Terinus stated dryly. His hair, like the stubble on his chin, was white, but long and sparse. Elongated grey eyes gazed back at Aiden, filled with a combination of ancient wisdom and great pain. His skin was weathered and cracked like old parchment, and dark tattoos in sweeping shapes weaved across his face. 
“I thought you might have been one of the ancients,” Aiden mumbled. “Your knowledge of their relics…”
“Stems from long years of study, and service to those who created them,” Terinus finished, obscuring his face beneath the confines of his hood once more. “I trust I have satisfied your curiosity?”
“You’ve only scratched the surface.”
“I thought you might say something like that,” Terinus muttered. “It would be expedient for me to explain more while we dine, along with my other guests.”
“Others?” Aiden inquired. “Oh, you mean Nellise and the rest.”
“Indeed,” Terinus rasped. Aiden now understood that the nature of his dry voice was his extreme age. Elves were renowned for being long lived, but the elf standing before him must have been pushing his people’s renowned longevity to their limits. “Lucas will guide you to the dining room, where I will meet you shortly.”
“Wotcha?” the diminutive butler squawked from behind, giving Aiden a start. 
“Yes, quite,” he mumbled as Terinus returned to his work. Evidently, their brief discussion had concluded for the time being.
“Busy man, ‘e is,” Lucas advised as he led Aiden down the hall. “Don’t you worry ‘bout a thing, mate, Saffy and I ‘ave got ya covered. Just take a seat with the others and we’ll bring out a proper meal.” 
“How did you and your wife come to be working for him?” Aiden asked curiously.
“Oh, that question again eh?” Lucas chortled. “Must look strange to you, for sure. Truth of it is, a plague struck our ‘ome town near Brigham, in the Rael Islands. You know where it’s at?”
“Yes, I’ve seen maps.”
“Well, the ‘ole bloody place was green to the gills,” Lucas explained with expansive gestures. “Figuratively speakin’, of course. Problem was, nobody looked sick ‘til they keeled over. Trifling inconvenient, if you ask me. I was comin’ over all feverish and such, with Saffy doting over me when this towering figure in black robes appears at the foot of me bed. Figured I was seein’ the grim reaper and I was about to shall we say, step off, when there was this flash o’ purple and Saffy and I show up ‘ere.”
“He saved you?” 
“Aye, that ‘e did,” Lucas confirmed. “Came better overnight while he did some tests on the both of us. He said there was nothin’ that could be done for the others, and he was bendin’ some rules just to keep us ‘ere, but ol’ Teri’s done right by us ever since.”
“So, you recovered overnight, without any direct help from him?” Aiden inquired, pausing in the middle of the hallway.
“Yes, well, he didn’t heal us directly, as such,” Lucas hedged. “There’s something ‘bout this place keeps us alive, so we can’t actually leave it or we’ll be dead within hours.”
“Ah, that explains much. I don’t recall hearing about such a deadly plague anytime recently,” Aiden mused. “When did this happen?”
“Oh, well, time passes a little differently ‘ere, if you know wot I mean. ‘Ard to keep track of it.”
“Lucas —”
“A hundred and seventy-two years ago,” the raelani blurted to Aiden’s astonishment. 
“You and Saffron have been here, serving Terinus, for the better part of two centuries?” 
“Beats dyin’, I guess,” Lucas said with a shrug. 
“And in this time, you haven’t aged a day?”
“Nope, I’m the same ‘andsome young stallion I was all that time ago,” Lucas confided with a wink. “I know wot you’re thinkin’ now. If this place stifles the passage of time, ‘ow old is black pajamas back there, eh? Probably bordering on a couple of millennia, if you ask me. Look, don’t worry yourself with any o’ our troubles, ‘cause from what he tells me, you and yours ‘ave a lot more to deal with in the near future. ‘Ere’s the dining room, just go make yourself comfortable, and we’ll be back in a jif.”
As Lucas scuttled off, Aiden’s mind whirled at the possibilities of what he’d just learned. Not only did this strange tower defy all conventions on size, but shirked the laws of time as well. On top of all that, the very idea of Terinus being nearly two thousand years old beggared belief. It was too much to think about on an empty stomach, so he entered the dining room and took in the simple splendor. 
The chamber was large enough to comfortably accommodate a long table, and had a roaring fireplace at the far end. Simple candelabra lined the walls, shedding a soft light across the smooth wooden table in the center. Seated at the table were Aiden’s friends and companions, cleaned and attired for proper dining. They ceased a quiet discussion amongst themselves when Aiden stepped into the room and turned to regard him in silence. 
“Hello,” Aiden greeted them, waving his clawed hand.

*          *          *

What followed was the most awkward dinner Aiden had ever experienced. Few words were spoken, but many looks were exchanged back and forth between the tower’s guests. Even the cheerful Lucas took one look at the scene and departed soon after delivering platters of food. Roast boar, potatoes and a rich gravy occupied Aiden’s attention, interrupted only by the clattering of cutlery on plates. Nellise Sannemann’s golden eyes followed his clawed hand as he reached for a bread roll, and it was she who finally broke the silence.
“Am I the only one who finds that disturbing?” she inquired of nobody in particular. She wore her fine golden hair in a braid this evening. 
“Get in line,” Robert Black mumbled without looking up. The scarred mercenary seemed out of place wearing fine garments and sitting at a table.
“How do you think I feel?” Aiden remarked casually. He was beginning to become used to his altered appendage, and certainly understood their concerns.
“Honestly, you seem rather calm about it,” Nellise pointed out, dabbing her mouth with a napkin.
“It’s been gradually transforming over the course of the past couple of weeks, so I’m used to it already.”
“Have you been toying with strange magic again?” the cleric asked with a raised eyebrow.
“If I may,” came Terinus’ ancient voice, drawing the attention of all present with his first spoken words since sitting at the table. His hood was pulled back, revealing both his elvish and sorcerous heritage to all. 
“By all means,” Robert answered dryly.
“Aiden’s body has been dramatically altered by the dragon Salinder, essentially fusing the essence of two creatures into one body,” Terinus explained. “The more Aiden invokes the dragon’s power, the more he grants it greater dominion over his physical form.”
“Dear God, why?” Nellise breathed. 
“This is pure conjecture on my part, but given the forces involved in such a procedure, it is likely Aiden died at some point in his life, allowing Salinder a chance to instill part of his own being into the essence of Aiden’s soul, before bringing him back from beyond.”
“Death is an exaggeration, but you’re not far off,” Aiden remarked blandly.
“You ascribe this dragon with the power of a deity,” Nellise remarked diffidently. “One might almost consider such talk as blasphemous, if one were so inclined.”
“Don’t start getting all zealous,” Robert advised her. “The Church of Aielund is basically non-existent at the moment, so it’s a moot point.”
“The greater the being, the more power it can exert over the cosmos,” Terinus countered, his grey eyes locked with Nellise’s golden ones. “It isn’t theology I speak of, merely a form of science. What is a god but a highly advanced life form, able to see and manipulate the fabric of space and time to its own design?”
“We seem to be getting off-topic here,” Pacian Savidge interrupted, glaring at them from under his lank white hair. “Aiden has a claw instead of a hand. What’s up with that?”
“The short answer,” Terinus explained with diminishing patience, “is that if Aiden continues to draw upon the dragon’s sorcery, it will gradually consume him, transforming him completely and irrevocably into an avatar of the dragon itself.”
“And what will happen to me?” Aiden asked quietly.
“You will most likely cease to exist as anything more than a dream, or a memory,” Terinus said in a detached voice. “If precautions are taken this need not occur, which is something I will discuss with you in due course. For now, finish your meal for there are other, more pressing questions you wish answered, yes?” Aiden responded by pushing away his half-finished plate.
“Do you not find the food to your satisfaction?” Terinus asked casually, continuing to eat his own meal. 
“I suddenly find myself with a lack of appetite,” Aiden muttered. The others looked at him with a mixture of sympathy and curiosity, especially Sayana Arai, for the sorceress has already figured much of this out days before. She had attempted to tame her wild red hair, but as the evening wore it had rebelled against her attempts to restrain it. 
Nellise also pushed away a half-eaten meal, but had her own reasons for doing so. “Personally, I find it difficult to stomach a meal sitting across from a mass murderer such as yourself,” she said to Terinus, who neither flinched nor stopped eating. A tense silence hung over the table for a long moment before he answered.
“I will not try to justify my actions, for they are beyond forgiveness,” the wizard replied carefully. “They are not, however, beyond redemption, and it is for that reason I have summoned you all here this evening.”
“It is well you do not seek forgiveness, for you will find none here,” Nellise added. 
“Steady Nel, he’s trying,” Pacian counselled knowingly. His knowledge of repentance was extensive. 
“Lady Nellise,” Terinus rasped, finally pushing aside his empty plate, “are you not also familiar with the burden of a guilty conscience? Can you not recognize a soul yearning for redemption? Pacian certainly knows of such things, and if you have patience and faith for him, then might I not be worthy of the same?” Nellise stared at him before lowering her eyes.
“It is very easy to judge someone prematurely, and I must confess I have done so with you, sir,” she apologized.
“It was unavoidable, given that I haven’t had the opportunity to speak with you so candidly before now,” Terinus shrugged. 
“Perhaps you should start by telling us who you are,” Aiden suggested, “and why you’ve been manipulating events for so long.” Terinus nodded in silent accord, before reaching for a pull-rope hanging nearby. A small bell rang as he tugged on the rope, and within moments Lucas opened the door and scurried up to the table.
“’ow are you, eh?” he asked obsequiously, rubbing his hands togethers. “Enjoyin’ the meal, yeah? Damn fine cookin’ if you ask me—”
“Lucas — wine,” Terinus rasped, cutting him off in mid-sentence. 
“Right you are, sir,” Lucas mumbled as he hurried over to a small rack laden with bottles. He withdrew one from the middle and quickly popped the cork. “I really should let it breathe—”
“Leave it.”
“Alright, alright, I can tell when I’m not wanted,” the raelani chuckled, depositing the bottle on the table and heading back through the doorway. Once it was closed, Terinus picked up the bottle of wine and wafted the open top beneath his nose.
“Excellent,” he murmured, beginning to pour the smooth red liquid into tall glasses arranged on the table. “It is my understanding you once visited the legendary city of Acadia,” he began, gesturing to his guests to help themselves to a glass. 
“Yes, the elves proved to be valuable allies in the Battle of Fort Highmarch,” Aiden replied glancing at his glass but refusing to drink from it. 
“You and I remember that fight differently,” Robert remarked, taking a large swig of wine. 
“They would have spoken to you of their past,” Terinus continued, “a past in which half of their population attempted to fight an ancient enemy.”
“I recall a glowing mural depicting fire raining down from the skies,” Sayana said blandly. “Was it something to do with that?” Terinus slumped back in his chair and stared up at the ceiling as he replied.
“It was the grandest endeavor ever undertaken,” he breathed, lost in memory. “Marshalling all of our accumulated knowledge, we ripped the citadel of rock from the earth and ascended to the heavens on wings of fire. Even if we knew what lie in wait for us, we still would have gone ahead, for it was our one chance to strike back at our old foe. The things I witnessed during that time are burned into my mind.”
“Wait, you were on board when the citadel took flight?” Sayana interrupted. “That event took place over fourteen hundred years ago!”
“One thousand, four hundred and thirty-two, to be precise,” Terinus corrected her, which prompted a gasp from Nellise.
“Impossible,” she whispered. “Not even the elves are so long-lived.”
“There is something in this tower which prolongs life,” Aiden said, “or at least delays the inevitable.”
“Quite so,” Terinus nodded. “My memories of that era are foggy at best, but I will never forget the battle which changed the course of my life. For you see, I was in command of the assault, and I alone bear responsibility for its failure.”
“Were you the only survivor?” Pacian asked.
“There were others… for a time. The citadel was shattered, and many perished in the fall back to the earth, far below. A few of us were taken alive and made to suffer at the hands of our captors.”
“So, you were the toughest?” 
“Far from it. I was the only one to capitulate to their terms,” Terinus rasped without feeling. “The others refused to yield and were put to death, but I… can no longer recall if I succumbed out of cowardice, or in the hope I could bide my time to fight again someday. It no longer matters. Long have I toiled under the yoke of my masters, performing terrible deeds and culling the peoples of this land in their name while quietly, secretly, I searched for a chance to exact my revenge. And finally, at long last, that time is upon us.”
“Your allegiance to King Seamus was part of this,” Aiden said. “You duped him into accepting you as his personal wizard, much in the same fashion you tricked Captain Sir Denholm into believing you were his ship’s cat. You then secretly manipulated events from behind the scenes.”
“Correct. For many generations, I have done this,” Terinus nodded. “Seamus was not the first, but if my plan is successful, he will hopefully be the last.”
“I take it this is the reason you need us,” Aiden surmised. “Who are ‘they’, these ancient people you claim to work for?”
“They are so far removed from the people of this land, there is no common name for them,” Terinus explained. “The elves call them ‘sa’quaarin’ — meaning ‘not of this world’. They dwell in the darkness of the heavens, keeping watch over this world we call Aeos, while their minions toil under the earth below, seeking the scarcest of minerals to continue their war efforts beyond our realm.”
“Wait,” Robert interrupted. “Are you saying this whole war — which you helped start, at the bidding of these sa’quaarin I presume — was all about resources?”
“Essentially,” Terinus confirmed.
“Good, because you’d lost me for a while with all that talk about flying castles and cowardice. They may not be from around here, but I know a land-grab when I see one. I’m guessing all of these wars are designed to keep us off balance and distracted, yeah?”
“That, and more than that. The sa’quaarin ensure the peoples of this land do not advance to the point where they can become a threat. Whenever a new discovery is made, an agent such as myself evaluates its potential and if necessary, eliminates it and the people responsible for it. The flooding of Ferrumgaard is a singular example of this policy.”
“Ferrumgaard,” Aiden repeated, recalling the dangers of that lost city. “Were you behind that?”
“I implanted the desire to destroy the city into the minds of key members of the MacAliese clan,” Terinus confirmed with little enthusiasm. “I did not foresee it would drive them to the brink of madness, however.” Aiden and the others stared at the wizard in silence as the gravity of his influence over history began to coalesce. 
“What could they possibly have done to warrant such an extreme response?” Nellise asked in disbelief. 
“Vythir,” Robert answered before Terinus could. “This is all about vythir, isn’t it?”
“You are correct,” the wizard replied with a nod. “Vythir is a key component in the fabrication of Auldsteel. The sa’quaarin and their agents have been mining this world for thousands of years. Pockets of the metal are becoming rare, and the dwarves were excavating it voraciously.”
“I’m beginning to understand the magnitude of your crimes,” Nellise murmured when no one else would speak. “How many innocents have you slain in over fourteen hundred years?”
“As I said, it is beyond forgiveness,” Terinus whispered in his broken voice. “Thinking of my past brings me great torment. I will not speak of it again.”
“Empty caverns deep in the earth,” Aiden murmured in thought. “I saw one of those on the way to Feybourne, a few years back. There was a crumbling network of tunnels sitting astride the cavern itself, but I never knew why it was there until now.”
“Wait a moment,” Pacian interrupted, “there’s something I don’t understand. If you hate working for them so much, why do you do it? Are you so afraid to die?”
“If they would take my life, I would be grateful for my release,” Terinus answered with a level stare at Pacian. “I continue, because if I do not serve, they will raze Aielund to the ground.” He paused to allow this revelation to sink in. “You are familiar with the Hocarum desert, yes? It was once a thriving civilization, until their strength grew too great and they were utterly destroyed by a pillar of flame from the heavens. 
“Remember this well, for it is the fate that awaits Aielund should we fail to stop them. It is for this reason you are here. The energy unleashed by the destruction of the Ironlord has blinded my masters for a time to events in Feydwiir, granting me the opportunity to enact my plan.”
“And if we choose not to help you?” Pacian asked pointedly. “What if we were to slay you here, and go back to our lives?”
“You will miss the opportunity to free this world from its unseen bondage,” Terinus answered. “The world will go on as it has, with wars and seemingly arbitrary destruction going on and on. I would simply be replaced by another, one more compliant to my master’s needs and I assure you, they have dire plans in store for Aielund. You will not have another chance at this. Choose wisely.”
“You needed the Ironlord destroyed to make this happen?” Robert asked.
“Yes, the flare of energy in this region will—”
“Princess Criosa had wanted her father saved, not killed,” the mercenary interrupted. “What if she had managed to convince Aiden not to kill the man?”
“That wasn’t likely to happen, given I had planted a suggestion in Aiden’s mind to ensure he would carry out the task.” Aiden stared at Terinus in a mixture of abhorrence and shock. 
“How dare you ask for my aid, while simultaneously manipulating my thoughts and actions,” he growled in a dangerous voice, 
“It was the only way to ensure its destruction,” Terinus answered coldly. “I am playing a very dangerous game here, Aiden. Victory requires sacrifice, and failure results in the deaths of hundreds of thousands of innocents. Though I understand your reluctance to work with me, know that all I have done, all of my… terrible deeds, everything I have left within me is bent towards the elimination of the sa’quaarin. Your knowledge of their language and relics is of great importance to the cause, and I would know, here and now, if you are going to commit. The rest of you are important, but not essential. What say you, sir?”
Aiden looked around at his companions and saw reluctance on their faces. He hadn’t been fully prepared for the sheer scale of Terinus’s story, and the idea of working with such a man was abhorrent. Even after hearing the reasons for his atrocities, Aiden was tempted to do as Pacian suggested, and end the ancient wizard’s life once and for all. 
But he couldn’t do it. The thought of these strange beings manipulating them from on high, starting wars and stopping all forward progress in society was enough to prompt Aiden into action one more time.
“Does your plan involve killing King Osric?” he asked with quiet intensity. “Because I’d really like to kill Osric.”
“I second the motion,” Robert added. The king's duplicity still chafed after they had retaken Fairloch.
“The King of Tulsone had not entered into my designs,” Terinus replied, “but the presence of the construct by his side in Fairloch has forced me to alter my plans a little.” This caught Aiden’s attention.
“Is that a yes?” he asked.
“It is a maybe,” Terinus explained. “I have never before seen a construct like it, and I am curious as to how it came into his possession. It is entirely possible my masters are keeping secrets from me, even after all this time in their service. You are concerned for Criosa.”
“I’m sure you can understand why,” Aiden answered, thinking of the woman he loved in the hands of a monster.
“The Princess is more than capable of taking care of herself,” Terinus assured Aiden. “Osric will find her to be quite a handful.”
“That’s what has me worried,” Aiden muttered under his breath, clenching his hands under the table. Princess Criosa Roebec had chosen to leave Fairloch and marry King Osric, rather than risk more death and suffering through renewed conflict. 
It was a noble sacrifice on her part, given the young king’s growing reputation for abusing women in secret. Still, it seemed Osric had manipulated affairs long in advance to force her to accept his marriage proposal, and Aiden feared for the safety of the brave woman he had come to know and love.
“If you are to aid me against the sa’quaarin,” Terinus went on, bringing Aiden’s attention back from his other concerns, “you are going to need better equipment.” He rose from the table and set his empty glass upon it, then headed for the door without waiting to see if they would follow him. Aiden pushed aside his fears for Criosa and turned to the others.
“Copper for your thoughts?” 
“His tale seems outlandish,” Sayana confided, “but given the things we’ve witnessed over the past few years, I’m prepared to give him the benefit of the doubt.”
“If there are things out there behind all of this senseless killing, I want to have a word with them,” Pacian said in a low voice. 
“I’ve worked with people of questionable moral fiber before,” Nellise added without glancing to Pacian. “If there is indeed a race of powerful beings controlling the evolution of our society, I think we should seize this chance to try and stop them. The alternative is far too horrifying to consider.”
“God I’m tired,” Robert answered when Aiden looked to him. “I doubt we’ll get paid for this, but if Sy is in, so am I. My concern is dealing with more constructs like the Ironlord. If their weapons and armor are all made from Auldsteel, we’re going to need something at least as good to even put a dent in them.”
“That’s probably what Terinus was referring to,” Aiden suggested thoughtfully. “Alright, let’s see where this leads.” He stood and led the rest through the door in search of the wizard. Instead, they found Saffron standing nearby, apparently waiting for them. She pointed to another door further along the hallway. Aiden nodded his thanks and kept moving until he found Terinus pulling the covers off some bizarre looking equipment inside a laboratory. 
“This equipment is sa’quaarin in origin,” Aiden stated as he recognized several blue-glowing generators amongst the more obscure mechanisms. All of it looked ancient and worn.
“Supplied by my benefactors to further their own ends,” Terinus confirmed as he continued pulling off dusty covers. “Now it will be the source of their undoing.”
“Do you have any weapons we can use?” Robert asked after a casual glance around.
“Of a sort,” the wizard replied cryptically. “I know of a cache where more conventional equipment is stored, but what I have here is something Aiden and Sayana will find of great interest. Behold.” He pulled a cover off a low, squat device, not dissimilar to a seat, but with an array of protruding metal nodules arranged along the length, so if one were to sit in it, they would match the curvature of one’s spine. It was actually quite small — even a three-foot high raelani would be too large for it.
“What is that?” Aiden asked curiously, kneeling down to examine the device.
“This is the method through which Sayana’s ‘tattoos’ were applied,” Terinus rasped, drawing an astonished look from the sorceress. “A series of tiny objects are injected into the spine of a child no more than a year in age. These release a net of dark fibers which thread their way throughout the body, growing with it and allowing the child to tap into vast energies, both from within and without, once they reach the age of ten.”
Sayana slowly walked forward and touched the metal spine, hesitantly tracing her fingers along it, as if trying to dislodge a buried memory. 
“My mother used something like this on me when I was very young?” she whispered. “Why?”
“I don’t pretend to understand her motives,” Terinus replied respectfully, “but given our people’s hatred for sa’quaarin relics, she risked much to grant you this power. Children are used because the risk to the health of the individual grows with age. Adults become seriously ill, and can even die when subjected to this procedure, necessitating the use of infants.”
“Why do you have similar markings?” she asked of the wizard. “Why were you subjected to this alteration?”
“I, along with half a dozen others, was raised from a young age to be used as weapons in the long-planned-for assault on the sa’quaarin,” Terinus explained. “I trained all of my young life to harness the power afford me by this implant, only to discover upon contact with the enemy that we could be controlled by them. It was the cause of our defeat, and it was many years of secret study which allowed me to discover how that control was achieved, and how to disable it.”
“Why are you showing me this?”
“For you, it is a curiosity. For Aiden, it is an alternative he needs to consider.”
“What?” Aiden blurted.
“Robert, how would you rate Aiden’s abilities with a sword?” Terinus asked of the mercenary.
“…Fair to average,” Robert said with a shrug. “He’s smart, but lacks proper training. His two-year stint as Baron of Highmarch gave him good strategic and logistical instruction, but I never heard of him taking the field personally. He’s been making up for this through luck and magic for years.”
“Don’t hold back, mate,” Aiden drawled, “tell us what you really feel. But you're right, I don't have your many, many years of experience on the field.”
“Are you saying I'm old?”
“Gentlemen, this is not a contest,” Terinus rasped impatiently. “I will be frank with you, Aiden. Your talents in combat are lacking in many respects. While your mind would be prized in the University, we don’t have another five years for you to become an accomplished wizard. Neither do we have time for you to become a master swordsman, and since I’ve never seen you hold a bow—”
“Is there a point to this?” Aiden snapped, feeling the fatigue from the last two days rapidly catching up with him.
“When we face the sa’quaarin, you will need to draw upon your greatest strength, which is of course, your sorcerous power. This means drawing more deeply on Salinder’s essence within you, resulting in a more profound transformation.”
“You said you had an alternative…” Aiden began, but trailed off as he realized what Terinus was referring to. “You want me to undergo this ‘procedure’?”
“The thing about sorcery,” Terinus explained, “is the source. Currently, you are drawing upon your draconic connection to channel energy, as dragons do. Sayana and I would be in a similar position, were it not for our conduits providing an alternative source of power.”
“We would?” Sayana inquired curiously.
“My family has long held the blood of dragons in our veins, even if it has diminished greatly over the long generations. Did you think all those stories you heard in your youth, the warnings of avoiding deals with dragons came from the Akora? They came from your mother, child, and from her parents, and theirs before them… beginning with my grandparents.” Sayana actually gaped in open-mouthed shock at this revelation, and the others were similarly staggered by the news.  
“We are related?” the sorceress breathed.
“Distantly,” Terinus confirmed. “I believe we are ten generations removed, but you are of my line, yes. My full name is Terinus Arai.” Although his words were strained and cold as always, his eyes softened as he looked at what was most likely the only living family he had remaining. Sayana clearly didn’t know how to take this information, but her next words gave them some idea of her feelings.
“I’m related to a mass murderer,” she paused. “I think I’m going to throw up,” she added as she rushed out of the chamber.
“I’ll make sure she’s okay,” Robert said, hurrying out of the room after her.
“You sure know how to break news to someone,” Pacian remarked sarcastically.
“It was going to come out sooner or later,” Terinus muttered. “I will speak to her when she’s had time to process the information. Let us return to the matter at hand. Once injected, you will be able to summon energies as you do now, but utilizing the power afforded by these conduits instead, thus allowing you to maximize your power and effectiveness in the coming battle without further subjecting you to unwanted metamorphosis.”
“You said adults could die from this,” Nellise pointed out.
“Indeed,” Terinus confirmed, “which is why Aiden has a very important decision to make. Tomorrow, I will take us to a cache where more conventional weapons and equipment are stored, so if you decide against undergoing the procedure, you will still be of use in a fight. As I mentioned earlier, it is your knowledge of sa’quaarin language I truly prize. I simply don’t want you to be killed before I can make use of you.”
“Pragmatic, if a little cold,” Aiden remarked dourly. They stood in silence, awaiting his decision, but Aiden’s mind was sluggish and in dire need of more rest. 
“I’ll think about it and let you know tomorrow,” he finally replied. “Today has been rather overwhelming, if you don’t mind my saying so.”
“Of course, you should all rest before making any further decisions,” Terinus conceded, reaching for his staff, which he leaned on heavily. “Retire to your rooms and we will talk further in the morning.” With that, he retreated from the chamber, his staff clacking on the floor with each step. Saffron appeared in the doorway after he’d left, to quietly guide the rest of them to their rooms. Aiden then spent a fitful night dreaming of failing over and over again to rescue Criosa from the clutches of unseen monsters.

Chapter Two

Whispered words roused Aiden from a deep sleep early the next morning. He raised his head to see who was speaking, and saw Saffron setting out clothes on a dresser nearby as quietly as she could.
“What did you say?” Aiden mumbled to her, startling the tiny woman.
“Oh, good morning,” Saffron said. “I didn't say anything, but I’m sorry if I woke you. I tried to be as quiet as I could.”
“You weren’t speaking to me just now?” Aiden asked, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes.
“No… not a word,” Saffron replied uncertainly. “It was probably just a dream. I’ve laid out fresh clothes for the day, and managed to mend your robe, too. It’s seen better days, but should be serviceable for a while longer. I’ll leave you to get dressed while I bring in some breakfast.”
She hurried out of the room, leaving Aiden to wonder who he’d been talking to in his sleep. Curiously, he couldn’t recall anything from last night. Usually, his dreams made a distinct impression upon him well into his waking hours. Shrugging off any lingering discomfort, he got out of bed and made use of the chamber pot before dressing himself. At least there was one important part of his anatomy which hadn’t yet been transformed. Before he finished dressing, there came a soft knock on the door.
“Just a moment,” Aiden called as he slipped the robe over his head before moving to the door and opening it. Nellise stood patiently outside dressed in her customary white robe.
“I heard voices, so I assumed you were awake,” she said in greeting. “May I come in?” Aiden gestured for her to enter. 
“How are you this morning?” Aiden inquired as the cleric closed the door behind her, before taking a seat next to the window.
“Recovering well enough, though I will admit my head is still reeling from all I heard last night,” she confided. “The thought of some ancient race meddling in our existence beggar’s belief.”
“I was just surprised to learn they’re still alive,” Aiden remarked as he sat in the only other chair. “There’s been plenty of evidence of their earlier existence scattered around the countryside. Was there something specific you wanted to talk about? I don’t usually receive early morning visits from you, no matter how pleasant the company.”
“With everything we’ve been through, I think you’ve suffered the most,” Nellise pointed out. “You’re undergoing a disturbing physical transformation, you’ve lost the woman you loved, and you unleashed a storm of emotion when you destroyed the Ironlord. I’m wondering how you’re coping with it all.”
“I’m getting a little tired of being Salinder’s plaything, that’s how,” Aiden muttered, flexing his claw. “I owe my life to him, but if I knew this is what he was planning, I might have chosen death to this.”
“Does it hurt?”
“Not even a little,” Aiden replied. “One minute I have a hand, the next time I look down its grown scales, or talons without any warning or sensation of change. It’s like my body is being stolen out from under me.”
“Perhaps you’re looking at this the wrong way,” Nellise mused after a moment’s thought. 
“What do you mean?”
“You may be looking upon your change as body theft, or some other deception on Salinder’s part, but you have control over it. Imagine if, after the Battle of Fort Highmarch, we had peace. You would never have had to tap into this power of yours and you would still be fully human. At least, as human as you could be, considering…”
“…I died and was ‘rebuilt’ with part of another being?” Aiden finished for her.
“Something like that,” she whispered ruefully. 
“You’re taking this rather well, considering I’ve become the epitome of everything the Church feared about sorcerers. I wield power greater than any normal man could, and my very being is fused with an otherworldly entity. I’m surprised I haven’t been burned at the stake or something.”
“Do I strike you as resembling the rest of the clergy in any way?” Nellise remarked somewhat archly.
“Not even remotely,” Aiden agreed, recalling how Nellise stood up to the corrupt hierarchy of the Church of Aielund in their final battle at Fairloch. “How is it you seem far wiser than any other priest we’ve met?” 
“It’s probably due to my mother’s teachings. She was always so kind to people. Even those who disagreed with her theology. The Church adored her, but some of the hierarchy found her views to be very… bold. She never rose high in their ranks, but didn’t let that stop her serving humanity, and she has been a role model for me my entire life. Whenever I asked her about it, she would remain silent. I suspect my father’s influence had a lot do to with how she viewed the world, and her place in it.”
“Ah, your mysterious father,” Aiden mused. “We haven’t spoken about him in a very long time. Still no clue as to who he is?”
“None, in spite of my best efforts to pry it out of her,” she sighed. “I suspect it is a secret she will take to the grave. The Church tried to find out, too. They’ve made quite a fuss about the issue in the last couple of years actually, undoubtedly due to my 'transcendent' experience at Highmarch. Despite all their protestations, they still investigated everything to do with the visitation in case it was both real, and something they could use to their advantage.”
“They certainly were a political bunch,” Aiden grumbled. 
“The corruption in the Church spread far and wide,” Nellise agreed. “I will have a mammoth task rebuilding from what remains, to say nothing of the rumors of my ‘divine intervention’ in Fairloch. People honestly think I smote the Ironlord with fire from the heavens, like some sort of avenging angel! Returning to the city and quelling such nonsense is of paramount importance, lest it take root.”
“You could use it to your advantage,” Aiden hinted slyly. “‘Be nice to people or I’ll destroy the city!’ you could say.”
“I’ll pretend I didn’t hear that,” Nellise answered, arching an eyebrow. She paused for a moment to gather her thoughts. “Do you recall the time we talked in the palace at Lanfall? We spoke of your anger and frustration from years of fighting.”
“Yes,” Aiden answered curtly. He’d long harbored such feelings beneath the surface, despite his best efforts to dispel such unwanted emotion. “I also recall you suggesting you could help me with that.”
“I’m curious if I still need to. After the destruction of the Ironlord, do you still feel angry?”
“I don’t feel much of anything,” Aiden admitted. “It’s as though a darkness has been cleared from inside me, but there’s nothing to replace it. I hated that thing, you know. Hated it with a passion I can barely articulate. I saw it killing people in my dreams for years before we met it in real life. I love Criosa, but it had to be destroyed, both the man and the machine.” 
“Losing her had to be tough on you,” Nellise remarked.
“Almost as tough as when you lost Pacian after the Battle of Highmarch,” Aiden responded sorrowfully. “But it was her choice, and I can’t say it was the wrong one. Even if we could go and ‘rescue’ her, would she allow it? Wouldn’t it just plunge us back into a war again? And would she even want to see me, knowing what I’ve become?”
“It was quite a shock to see how you’d changed,” Nellise agreed, “but you can’t expect anyone to simply accept something like this so suddenly. Given time, I’m sure she could come around. You’ve been through a lot — we all have. I hoped that once we won the war, we could find the time to heal, but once again, we’ve stumbled into something bigger than all of us, and I fear for our country should we walk away.”
“I’m not even sure I have the will to go through another battle,” Aiden said without emotion. “I feel utterly spent.”
“Removing the source of your turmoil was one way to deal with your anger, but there are others. Soon you will learn to rediscover joy and peace. After all, rising to our feet after a fall is what defines us.” Aiden gazed at Nellise and exchanged a thoughtful smile with her.
“There’s that wisdom again. If you’re not careful, you’ll end up the head of the Church, whether you like it or not.” The door to the bedroom opened and Lucas entered along with Saffron, both carrying platters of breakfast foods. Both of them were wearing more formal servant’s clothing, which seemed odd at half normal scale.
“Ah, there you are,” Lucas said when he spied Nellise. “Thought you might ‘ave done a runner for a minute there, ma’am.” They set out the platters on a small table while the cleric gazed at the two of them curiously.
“Is there something the matter?” Saffron asked after noticing this.
“I’m told you both suffer from a life-threatening affliction,” Nellise said, reaching into her pouch to withdraw a small white crystal. “Come here for a moment.”
“Ain’t nothin’ to be done about it ma’am,” Lucas assured her, edging away from her. “Been checked out a few years back and nothin' showed up. Terinus says the magic keeping it from killin’ me and Saffy makes it hard to spot.”
 “We’ll see,” Nellise murmured as Saffron hesitantly walked over to her and held still as the cleric whispered a prayer while holding the crystal. Aiden exchanged a look with Lucas, who shook his head ever so lightly, dashing Aiden’s hopes she might be able to cure them.
“I cannot sense anything directly amiss,” Nellise sighed moments later. “It does seem the magic keeping you alive is rendering the ailment inert.”
“Terinus says that's the problem alright,” Lucas nodded, pulling Saffron away from Nellise. “The only way to see it is for us to leave the tower, and we'd be dead within minutes. ‘ole ‘ost of priests tried curin’ the bugger back in Brigham when the outbreak started and couldn't do a bloody thing. Don’t feel bad though, top marks for tryin’ an’ all that.” With a nod of his head, Lucas and Saffron hurried out of the room before Nellise could say anything else. 
“There’s something more to those two than meets the eye,” she remarked shrewdly. “This sounds like no disease I have ever read about or encountered.”
Aiden thought about this and other, weightier matters as the two of them sat down to a quiet breakfast.

*          *          *

Once they finished eating, Lucas reappeared and escorted them to the laboratory where the others had gathered. Terinus stood before an elongated device with a shiny black panel, across which his fingers danced as he traced the lines of glowing sigils upon its surface. His ancient eyes regarded them for a moment before returning to the console before him once more.
“I trust you rested well?” he asked.
“Well enough,” Aiden answered. “Good morning to you all.” Robert gave him a perfunctory nod in reply, while Sayana simply looked at him in silent expectation. 
“I’m still wrapping my head around most of what he talked about last night,” Pacian confided. 
“It was a lot for you to take in, I’m sure,” Terinus conceded. “Remember, you are under no obligation to contribute if you feel it is beyond you.”
“I am no longer under the protection of the Keepers of the Light,” Pacian shrugged. “I’m just another common criminal in the eyes of the law, so I’d prefer to keep a low profile until I’m certain I can walk down the street without being recognized. Sticking with you is as good as anything else I can think of for now.”
“Your enthusiasm for our cause is infectious,” Terinus drawled. “But to the matter at hand. Aiden, your companions and I are interested to hear if you’ve come to a decision regarding the procedure.”
“I thought you might,” Aiden muttered, walking closer to the strange device and gazing at it thoughtfully. The idea of having the sharp protrusions stabbing into him was repulsive, but he had given it serious consideration over breakfast.
“What exactly are the risks?” Aiden asked. “If death was likely, I doubt you would be recommending me to go through with it.”
“Correct,” Terinus replied with a slight bow of his head. “Records show adult subjects were prone to debilitating malaise, both physical and mental. Death occurred only twice out of twenty volunteers, but nobody came through unscathed.”
“Charming, count me out,” Aiden said with a shake of his head.
“Do not underestimate the benefits,” Terinus warned. “Your power would be magnified considerably, for you would have access to energies far greater than your body can produce.”
“You need my knowledge more than I need to become actively involved in your battle, yes?” 
“Ultimately, yes,” Terinus lamented. “Shortly before you arrived your companions informed me of their decision to join, so we have adequate assistance in this regard.”
“Thank you,” Sayana said, accepting the compliment whether it was intended as such or not.
“I cannot, however, guarantee your safety should you refuse the procedure. I have no doubt it will be uncomfortable and even painful, but I calculate the possibility of your untimely death as relatively low.”
“It’s simply not worth the risk,” Aiden answered with finality. “I’ll make do with whatever equipment you have in your vault.”
“As you wish,” Terinus said with only a hint of disapproval. “I offered this simply as an alternative. I will leave it to your discretion whether or not to risk further transformation, should you have need of your abilities.”
“…Right,” Aiden remarked grimly, giving the odd device one more glance before firmly deciding against it. 
“Has it even been used on a human before?” Sayana asked curiously. “History suggests only elves were ever subjected to it.”
“Indeed,” Terinus rasped. “Your half-human heritage makes you, in fact, the only non-elven being to survive the procedure.”
“Now I’m really certain I don’t want to go through with it,” Aiden said.
“Don’t worry, I will protect you,” Sayana assured him. 
“Well, look who’s come down with a serious case of confidence,” Pacian remarked. “A few days ago, you couldn’t wait to get rid of those things snaking along your skin.”
“Because now, the power is mine to control,” Sayana explained. “Nobody can take it away from me or use me as their puppet ever again, and I only hope I have enough strength to give these sa’quaarin a taste of their own medicine for the evils they have wrought upon this world.”
“The strength and courage of my lineage lives on, it seems,” Terinus voiced in admiration. “You do our people proud.”
“Don’t patronize me,” Sayana snapped, levelling a stare back at him. “I may be distantly related to you, but entire generations of good elven men and women lived and died between us. I carry Akoran blood in my veins, and in spite of everything they’ve done, I prize my connection to them more than I ever will to you. I despise you and everything you stand for. Had I been in your position one and a half millennia ago, I would have died rather than work for these monsters you describe. You are a coward.”
An awkward silence hung in the air after she finished speaking, but Terinus hadn’t flinched during or after. 
“We are wasting time,” he rasped without emotion. “Gather around, and I shall teleport us to the vault.”
Robert gave Sayana a curious look, but her attention was still focused on her living ancestor. They joined the rest in a circle, with Terinus at the center. The wizard began incanting a complex spell and a few moments later a flash of violet light engulfed Aiden’s senses. It cleared away within a heartbeat, revealing the change in their surroundings.
The brightness of the morning sun streaming in through the tower windows had vanished, replaced with an oppressive darkness. Nellise and Sayana quickly dispelled it with the summoning of their supernatural lights, which revealed familiar walls of a dark metal, pitted and marked with age. They were in a small, circular chamber with a single open doorway leading into a large, dark area beyond. A unique-looking sigil was inscribed upon the surface beneath their feet.
“This way,” Terinus remarked rather obviously, leading them through the only possible path forward. The click of his staff striking the floor echoed throughout the chamber, adding weight to the impression they were deep within the earth.
“It’s the same design as the place I saw near Feybourne,” Aiden remarked, his voice sounding cold and empty within the vastness of the chamber. “The caves in Akora are just like this, too.”
“Curious,” Sayana remarked quietly, running her fingers along deep scratches in the arch as she walked past.
“Sa’quaarin bunkers like this are not uncommon throughout Feydwiir,” Terinus remarked as he they passed through the larger chamber. “Long ago, they were a thriving hub of exploration and mining, providing precious metals and rare gems to our unseen overlords. Towering constructs tirelessly excavated day and night, while the primitive societies of men and elves toiled above. All of these sites are now abandoned, more or less. Extensive mining has rendered many of them unsafe for continued use, and others have been converted into vaults—”
His voice abruptly stopped as a faint stream of misty light froze the wizard on the spot. More streams of light engulfed everyone else, paralyzing them in an instant. Aiden glanced around in alarm, noticing he was the only one unaffected. The runes sewn into his robe, which had once belonged to his mentor the Archmage Desmond Foster, burned with arcane light as they countered the magical assault. 
“What do I do?” he asked of Terinus, a futile action which was met with silence. Aiden rushed around to face the wizard directly, and noticed his eyes were still able to move. They darted back and forth between Aiden and the floor directly at their feet. Glancing down, he saw a small metal device, not unlike a wand sitting at the wizard’s feet.
Aiden picked it up and noticed the increasingly familiar language of the sa’quaarin upon it. One of the sigils indicated the word “deactivate”, but the context was baffling. Still, it was enough for Aiden to assume its function and why Terinus had it with him. 
He raised it up towards the source of the light and traced the pattern of the sigil upon the device’s smooth surface. The misty light ceased instantly, releasing his friends from its cruel grasp. They inhaled deeply and staggered around, barely conscious after being deprived of air for almost a minute. 
“Thank you,” Terinus rasped, his voice more hoarse than usual. He held out a black-gloved hand, into which Aiden placed the device. “Another minute and we would have suffocated.”
“You didn’t mention anything about this place being trapped,” Aiden pointed out as he made sure the others were okay. 
“I am aware of the security measures in place, but they should not have been triggered in my presence. Something is very wrong here.” He gestured with the small device, causing the wall to split open. The ground vibrated as two massive doors parted, revealing another large chamber beyond. 
Their meagre lights barely showed enough to draw any conclusions, but what they saw was not promising. Towering storage containers cast looming shadows across a scene of destruction. Pieces of twisted metal and other strange materials were scattered across the floor and the air was filled with the acrid smell of something recently burnt. Terinus stared around in open mouthed shock. A number of cabinets lined one wall with their doors ripped away. He began moving from one to the next as if it were his own home.
“I’m guessing your vault isn’t supposed to look like this,” Robert remarked blandly, as he kicked a piece of blackened metal across the ground. 
“Some unscrupulous bastards clearly broke in and stole everything,” Pacian added. “Then wrecked whatever they couldn’t take. I don’t think we’re getting any shiny presents anytime soon.”
“People do not simply break into a sa’quaarin vault,” Terinus spat. “This edifice resides half a mile below the surface, with no connecting tunnels allowing outside access. The only way in or out is teleportation magic, which is impossible without knowing of its existence.” He turned his gaze to the far wall where a console crackled with sparks at random intervals, and began making his way there. “See if you can reset that generator, Aiden,” he said, pointing at a tall metal cylinder nearby. 
Aiden hurried over to it and pulled the Lexicon out of his pouch. The small box had proven invaluable over the years, providing him with the insights necessary to learn the sa’quaarin language, and to understand their devices as well. He had encountered generators such as this several times in the past, but had never tried to repair one.
He spent a few moments flipping through the ephemeral pages of the Lexicon searching for information on the generator. Once he located the relevant section, Aiden quickly determined the generator’s basic functionality and pressed several sigils on its cracked surface. A side panel came away from the base of the cylinder with a hiss of released air. Attached to the inside of the panel was a metal brace, within which sat a thin blue crystal just over a foot in length. 
His knowledge of the internal workings was shaky at best, but Aiden was fairly certain the series of cracks running through the crystal weren’t supposed to be there. 
“We need another one of these, I think,” he said, pulling the crystal out and holding it up in one hand. 
“There used to be spares on those shelves, Terinus replied grimly. “I think it is safe to presume they have been taken or destroyed. I may need to return to my laboratory to bring a replacement.”
“The crystal generates power?” Sayana asked mildly, receiving a nod from Aiden in reply.
“Yes, but not a lot,” he mused. “There is a process which occurs inside the cylinder itself, and this appears necessary to start it.”
Sayana peered into the open panel and after a moment of consideration, placed one of her hands inside the breach. A spark of energy flared from within, and several lights began blinking at Aiden from the panel above. He quickly tapped them and a moment later, a humming sound emerged from within the cylinder as it flared to life, shedding a faint blue radiance as motes of energy danced around inside the clear casing.
“Clever,” Aiden remarked to Sayana as she withdrew her hand. The panel slid shut and the radiance from the generator increased. 
“I’m all kinds of useful,” she replied with a faint smile. 
“Excellent,” Terinus murmured, and the entire chamber was suddenly bathed in light. Glowing stones embedded in the walls shed a brilliant white radiance allowing them to see the entire contents of the vault. The devastation was far more complete than they had initially been led to believe, and it appeared nothing of value remained. 
“Whatever came through here had enough strength to bend iron,” Robert remarked grimly, “or whatever this metal is. Are we sure we want to know what did this?”
Terinus remained fixated on his console, his face lit by an eerie blue light and his hands darting feverishly across the smooth surface. He held still for a long moment, then pulled himself away from the device and let out a cry of frustration. Aiden was taken aback by the rare display of raw emotion.
“What is it?” he asked.
“Words cannot express my rage,” Terinus rasped angrily, whirling around to tap the console with his fingers once more. Moments later, an image appeared above the device, hovering in the air much in the same manner as the pages of the Lexicon would. Instead of words or sketches, the misty image was of the chamber just outside the one in which they presently stood. The detail and clarity of the image was as good as if viewing it with their eyes. It was roughly two yards across, and the point of view was high above the ground. 
“I have altered the viewing device to show us events which took place here nearly two months ago,” Terinus grated, staring up at the image hovering above him. “Witness the culprit in action, and judge the magnitude of the deception for yourself.” 
“How—” Nellise asked but was hushed by the ancient wizard. Aiden watched the vision closely for a few moments, unsure what they were supposed to be seeing until the area depicted in the image flashed violet. In the same entry chamber Aiden and the others had used stood half a dozen men, one of whom was clearly recognizable.
“Is that… Osric?” Nellise asked with incredulity. Aiden’s eyes narrowed with seething hatred as the young king of Tulsone walked into the room as if he owned the place. It was an eerie sensation, observing the men move through the chamber as if watching it transpire for real. Behind the men, the huge construct Aiden had seen at Fairloch loomed into view. Its shoulders scraped along the side of the arch, scattering sparks and debris across the floor as it struggled to fit through the wide door. 
“I told you there was no need for undue concern, Captain,” Osric said in accented Aielish to one of the men. They were clad in heavy iron armor and carried quality weapons, but there was an odd look to them. “My associate has no interest in sending me to my death.”
“I’m getting sick of your promises,” the captain growled to him. “If we don’t see a payout from this place—”
“Don’t bore me with idle threats,” Osric interrupted. “Your patience will be repaid tenfold with the bounty we have uncovered here.” He raised an arm and gestured at the great doors just outside the image’s frame. The faint sound of the doors rumbling open could be heard, and the men disappeared from view, with the giant golem close behind. 
“How did he get in here?” Nellise asked incredulously.
“His ‘associate’, evidently,” Pacian purred dangerously. The image hovering above them changed, revealing a scene from the large chamber they now stood in, but before it had been ransacked. Osric and his entourage moved through the area, pulling a variety of weapons, armor and other strange pieces of equipment from the shelves, celebrating their good fortune. 
On Osric’s command, the construct stomped past the towering cabinets and seemed to head straight towards Aiden and the others. It loomed larger and larger, and just when it was about to blot out their view, it pulled back its tremendous fist and the image suddenly vanished. Standing in near-silence once more, Aiden and the others were left to contemplate this disturbing development. 
“Now we know where Osric found the wealth to hire all those mercenaries,” Aiden remarked absently.
“I’m more concerned about the contents of these lockers,” Robert said. “What exactly was stored here?”
“Most of this place was empty,” Terinus answered, “but there was enough here to outfit a small group with exceptional power. It is now in the hands of a despicable man, and his mercenaries, paid for with the extensive wealth found within these walls. I fear events beyond my current understanding are taking place, and I need to learn what is going on.”
“None of this explains where he obtained that construct,” Nellise added. “We’re missing something.” Feeling a little out of their depth, Aiden and the others looked to Terinus for guidance. The wizard shut down the lights, leaving them bathed only in the radiance of their personal magic. 
“I know where to find the answers,” Terinus rasped reluctantly. “There are other individuals like myself, and there is one in particular who is far less reluctant to provide the sa’quaarin with what they need. I had hoped to avoid contact in case my plans are discovered, but I don’t think we have a choice. I knew there was some involvement with Osric, yet I have evidently underestimated the extent. 
“It is forbidden for us to bring outsiders to places such as this — I brought you here as an act of defiance, one I sincerely hope is not discovered until too late. Osric having access to this room months ago sheds new light on his recent appearance in Fairloch. Brace yourselves as I teleport us once more.”
“Where are we going this time?” Aiden inquired cautiously.
“To the one place I had hoped to never see again — Le Tower Noir,” Terinus answered, and then began the incantation which would whisk them to some other place. 
Once the flash of violet light subsided, Aiden glanced around at their new surroundings and was surprised to see them back in the Black Tower, only this time there were subtle differences. The mood was far less oppressive. More light shined through larger windows and there was a decidedly feminine touch to the décor. 
“Watch what you say and do here,” Terinus advised in a low voice. “Things are not as they seem.” 
“I appear to have uninvited guests,” came a woman’s voice from the hall outside. It was husky and carried a heavy Tulsonite accent to it. “Has my old paramour returned for a little entertainment?”
“Spare me your playful banter, Veronique,” Terinus replied as the owner of the tower swayed into the doorway. It was the same woman Aiden had seen at Fairloch, accompanying Osric and the colossal golem… right before they had taken Criosa away. 
The woman, Veronique, wore a long black dress which hugged and complemented her curves. Her eyes were a curious amber color, and her ears ended with a slight point at the top. Clearly the recipient of elven blood from her ancestors, her entire persona exuded seduction and forbidden delights. 
“My my, you appear to have brought guests to my home Terry,” Veronique remarked with disappointment. “Can I assume you are here for business, not pleasure?”
“Quite,” Terinus said while Aiden struggled to pull his eyes from her. “We need to discuss matters of importance.”
“When don’t you,” Veronique sighed. “Come in, I have a few topics of interest for you, as well.” Terinus cautiously entered the room, while Veronique gave Aiden an appraising glance as he walked past. There was a look in her eyes which stood out in stark contrast to her voluptuous appearance, giving Aiden the distinct impression they had just walked into a very dangerous situation.

Chapter Three

Aiden followed the dark form of Terinus, who evidently knew his way around the tower. There were subtle differences in spite of its generally similar design, but they appeared to be of roughly the same age. Dark stonework laced with the curious black metal formed the walls, and there was entirely too much space on this floor. Clearly the owner of this place had access to the same powerful magic as Terinus, suggesting an obvious link between her and the sa’quaarin. 
Their host’s shoes clicked on the surface as she walked disconcertingly close to Aiden. He glanced behind to find her regarding him with an unsettling smile. Terinus led them into a sitting room with plush furniture and green flames crackling in a fireplace devoid of wood. Once they had entered the room, he turned to address their host.
“You do not seem overly concerned at our unannounced arrival,” he rasped. 
“What have I to fear, here in the heart of my power?” Veronique remarked. “Besides, I often bring attractive young men to my chambers,” she added with a glance at Aiden. 
“Lucky, lucky young men,” Robert muttered under his breath, much to her delight.
“Do not be fooled, Robert,” Terinus warned with narrowed eyes, “underneath her charming exterior beats the heart of a woman with an unfortunate deficit of sanity.”
“Well, as my old drill sergeant used to say, ‘crazy women make the best love’,” the mercenary said, shortly before receiving a firm jab in his ribs from Sayana’s elbow. Neither she nor Nellise were overly impressed with Veronique, and the mysterious woman had completely ignored their presence since they first appeared in the tower.
“If you are quite finished,” Terinus said with seething impatience. 
“Oh, I don’t mind,” Veronique replied with a playful glance at Robert. “But I do believe you owe me an explanation, Terry. What brings you to my abode, and why would you bring these particular people here? The last time I checked, they were involved with Osric’s plans to conquer Aielund.”
“Precisely,” Terinus answered. “I saw you by his side in Fairloch, and was displeased at your presence in my territory. I expect to be consulted when you conduct your affairs on my doorstep.”
“I did try to warn you,” Veronique protested smoothly, “yet you were nowhere to be found. I then concluded it was easier to beg forgiveness than ask for permission. So… am I forgiven?”
“I will overlook your transgression this time,” Terinus rasped after a moment’s consideration, “if you provide me the information I require.”
“I am nothing if not… accommodating,” Veronique suggested as she sat on a plush divan.
 “I came to ask you about the Vault,” Terinus continued abruptly, avoiding her subtle invitation to sit with her. “The entire facility has been ransacked and vital information gone missing.”
“Yes, I imagine it was. I sent Osric there to retrieve some things for me.” 
“You… sent Osric there,” Terinus repeated with an empty voice. “Why, pray tell, did you do that?”
“He is part of my designs,” their host explained. “Much in the same way Seamus was a project of yours. See, you would know all of this already if you bothered to stay in contact. It is such a pity my project beat yours, but I did warn you how unreliable that old armor is. You would have been better off making use of a sorcerer to cull the herd, like in the good old days. You even have one in your midst! Why you have not availed yourself of such an asset is beyond me, and she would make a much more efficient killer than that plague you tried.”
“A poor decision on my part, perhaps,” Terinus replied while Sayana stared daggers at Veronique’s back. Aiden did not miss the reference to a plague, and made a mental note to inquire about it later. “Be that as it may, you should not have given Osric access to the Vault. That knowledge was not meant for anyone but us.” 
“I’m trying something a little different,” Veronique hinted. “I sense a rare talent in Osric, one I wish to exploit to our benefit. With the information at his disposal, I expect to see great things in his future. Great things… besides you weren’t supposed to give Seamus the armor, were you now?” Veronique pointed out as she leaned forward and spoke in a loud whisper. “I won’t tell if you won’t.”
“What of the golem?” Terinus asked brusquely, ignoring her charms. “The one you had by your side when you visited Fairloch. Where did you obtain it?”
“Oh, you mean the dreadnought,” Veronique replied after a moment’s thought. “Golem is such an archaic term, hardly appropriate for this particular design. It’s so far removed from one of those clunking old constructs as to be something entirely different. Our friends from above have provided it to me for my years of loyal service. It is one of their newer designs, more powerful than anything that has come before. Wait… you didn’t receive one? How odd. It’s almost like they don’t trust you as much as they used to.”
“I shall speak of this with our masters on our next meeting,” Terinus remarked caustically. “I believe our discussion is concluded.”
“So soon?” Veronique purred, leaning against the wall seductively. “I was rather hoping to rekindle our relationship. It has been so very long since our last dalliance, and we can just let all that nonsense between us slide, yes? Forgive and forget?”
“Another time, perhaps,” Terinus answered abruptly as he pushed past her towards the door.
“Stay away from Osric, Terry,” Veronique warned in a far more serious tone as she stood once more. “Whatever your plans are for these people, he isn’t part of them. He belongs to me.”
“I had no intention of disturbing you, your toy king or your designs any further,” Terinus responded evenly. 
“Good, because I am currently in favor with our masters, and they will not tolerate any meddling in my affairs. As for your new associates… I may have to report your collaboration. Or perhaps not, I will have to give it some thought. You might consider sending them away, just to be safe. 
“If you bring them to my tower again, they shall find their flesh burned away before they can draw breath.” She then made a sharp gesture with both hands and Aiden suddenly felt like he’d been punched in the gut. A flash of violet light obscured his vision and moments later, when he could finally see once more, he noted they had all returned to the laboratory of the Black Tower.
“What the hell was that?” Pacian asked as he staggered to recover from the sudden shift.
“She kicked us out of her tower, is what it felt like,” Robert growled. “What was the point of all that talk?”
“I needed to know how much she knew,” Terinus explained, leaning heavily on his staff. “Veronique is more involved than I had imagined.”
“She’s like you, isn’t she,” Nellise remarked accusingly. “An agent of your ‘masters’. How many of you are there?”
“Eighteen, located throughout Aeos,” Terinus replied without pause. Aiden swore under his breath as the scale of the meddling in their lives continued to expand. “They are irrelevant, however. Our power is derived from the sa’quaarin, and once we have dealt with them, the other agents will be as vulnerable as any mortal. We must stay focused on the goal.”
“Will Veronique inform them of our presence?” Aiden inquired. “I can’t imagine the implications of our presence went unnoticed. Why did you even take us there?”
“I had my suspicions before we left the Vault,” Terinus explained as he turned to one of the consoles, and began tracing runes across its black surface. “Had I gone alone, I am quite certain I would have been killed within moments of entering her tower.”
“She was afraid of us,” Pacian stated. 
“Yes, but more than that, she chose to bide her time,” Terinus added as he discovered something of interest. “It seems she is close enough to Fairloch to be unable to contact our masters, just as they cannot see what we are doing. As soon as she is able, she will tell them of what she has learned and it will be over.”
“Are you… shaking?” Sayana asked of Terinus, whose gloved hand did indeed appear to be shaking slightly. The hand stopped moving as quickly as they had noticed it, however.
“There is much at stake, far more than you realize,” the wizard rasped. “The information taken from the vault is in the hands of a deranged king. Knowledge, centuries ahead of your own is at his fingertips, and with it he could reshape the world.”
“I find the thought of Osric with that much power… disquieting,” Pacian said quietly. 
“Tell me you want to deal with him now,” Aiden implored Terinus.
“We have no choice,” he replied, turning to face them. “He has the equipment and the knowledge we need to fight the sa’quaarin. Removing such knowledge from the world is a fortunate co-incidence.”
“He’s been conspiring with dark powers to further his own goals,” Aiden added. “His deal with Criosa is null and void, and she must be restored to the throne of Aielund. We go to Lanfall immediately and take what is ours.”
“Veronique may be anticipating that,” Nellise suggested. “Your assurance of not interfering with her plans rang false, I’m sorry to say.”
“Not my finest moment,” Terinus conceded. “It is likely we would have to deal with her one way or the other. She has always enjoyed our work far more than I, and I find it distasteful. Gather your equipment. I will take us to Lanfall when you are ready and we will assault the palace.”
“You’re not going to have any lingering feelings if we do fight her, are you Terry?” Pacian asked in a surly tone. Silence fell on the group for a long, awkward moment before the wizard replied.
“Our past dalliance was a mere physical distraction during endless years of servitude,” Terinus explained patiently. “And don’t ever call me that again.”
“I can understand perfectly,” Robert interrupted, ignoring a scathing look from Sayana. “All of that aside, are you quite sure you know what we’re walking into? We’ll be facing the remaining elite palace guard, Osric, armed with god-knows-what, that ‘dreadnought’ Veronique was gushing over as well as her inevitable intervention. I’m guessing she’s probably as strong as you—”
“She really isn’t,” Terinus rasped in a dangerous voice. 
“Okay… but that’s still a lot to deal with. I’m still sore from the last bloody fight.”
“Don’t be alarmed, but we may have to resort to subtlety,” Pacian advised sarcastically. “A frontal assault is just going to get innocent people killed. We can get to Osric with a minimum of fuss if we use our heads — present company excepted.”
“We’ll scout the area after we arrive,” Aiden said impatiently. “We know what the goal is, and further planning will have to wait until we know more. Everyone get ready and meet back here in half an hour.” His abrupt manner gave them pause, but he was in no mood for further discussion. They had been duped into accepting a bad deal from Osric and Criosa was paying the price. Aiden intended to remedy the situation.
They returned to their separate chambers to collect their gear, but Aiden had very little to gather. He already wore the robe which gave him an edge against hostile magic, and the pieces of armor he strapped over it to provide him with more mundane protection. He picked up the two Phoenix Stones he still carried, a recent gift from Terinus. They were crafted by the elves of old, able to bring an individual back from the brink of death, but only once. 
Other than these, he only had his plain sword and a few odds and ends. While Terinus might have something else for him to use in the tower, the prospect of being forced to rely on sorcery to survive the coming battle almost made him reconsider the risks involved with the “procedure”.
He glanced down at his clawed hand, clenched into a fist from frustration. To face what was to come, Aiden needed more power, without risking his continued existence by transforming completely into another creature. 
“Having second thoughts?” Sayana asked from the doorway, catching Aiden completely off-guard.
“Maybe,” he replied uncertainly. “I don’t think I have much else to offer at this point, and I don’t relish the thought of taking on what could be the most powerful individuals we’ve faced, armed with only a plain old sword.”
“I said I would protect you, and I will,” Sayana reminded him.
“That’s not the point. I need to contribute something, or I’m simply going to be a distraction.”
“Then remain here, and the rest of us will free Criosa from Osric.”
“You couldn’t stop me from coming,” Aiden said plainly. Sayana considered this for a moment before speaking her mind.
“Do you think Criosa wants to see you again, given her last words? I recall her disgust at your… transformation.”
“That was just shock,” Aiden retorted defensively. “Before she left with Osric, she mouthed words to me. ‘I love you’, she said.”
“Really? It looked like ‘I loved you’ to me. Past tense,” Sayana countered, leaving Aiden speechless for a moment. It was a possibility, but he just couldn’t imagine the love of his life abandoning him so easily. 
“I… we killed her father,” Aiden mumbled, feeling a dull ache in his heart. “Maybe I have lost her. But that doesn’t mean I’m going to leave her in the hands of that little monster. I just need some scrolls, or a staff… something.”
“Everything alright in here?” Robert asked as he appeared behind Sayana. He was already clad in his heavy armor and idly smoked a cigar, as he laid a familiar hand on her hip. 
“Aiden’s feeling a bit useless,” she informed him, much to Aiden’s chagrin. Robert sized him up with his one blue eye as smoke wafted around his face. 
“Come with me,” he muttered, clanking down the hallway without waiting. Aiden and Sayana followed curiously until they came to a workshop, the one in which they had eventually faced off against Terinus during their first encounter. The place had been cleaned up, most likely by Lucas and Saffron. The tables were almost completely empty, but there were a number of weapons arrayed on the wall like trophies. 
“I meant what I said the other day,” Robert grunted as he unclipped his own sword, the elf-crafted blade he had carried for years. “You’re an ordinary swordsman getting by on luck and magic. You’ll need this more than I will.” He shoved the sheathed weapon and its belt at Aiden.
“It’s a generous offer, but what are you going to use?”
“This,” Robert answered, taking down a massive greatsword from the wall. It was the same one Terinus had animated with his magic during their battle. It was big, old and appeared to be very dangerous. “I’d let you use it but I don’t think you could swing it without knocking yourself on your arse.”
“What is that thing made from?” Aiden asked after a cursory examination. 
“It is Auldsteel, capable of slicing through iron as if it were paper,” Terinus answered as he entered the room with staff in hand. “It is, in fact, the last Auldsteel weapon ever made, at least on this world. Knowing the formula for its fabrication was lost, the elves of Acadia put considerable effort into fashioning that weapon. It is utterly unique, and you will ask before you borrow it.”
“I was going to,” Robert assured him, slightly hurt. “Does it have a name?”
“The elves called it ‘Falon Eteri’. In the ancient Ramidian tongue, it is known as ‘Aeon Invictus’, or in the modern language ‘Eternally Undefeated’. I believe the weapon smith who created it was thinking of their legacy.”
“And apparently had a chip on his shoulder,” Robert mused. He swung it through the air a few times, marveling at its balance and weight. Aiden swung his elf-crafted blade in a similar fashion, gaining a feel for the weapon. It was larger than most of the blades he had used, and forged from vythir.
“This will help, no question,” he said in thanks to Robert, before turning to Terinus. “I could really use some scrolls or other relics, if you have some.”
“I gave you what I had during your last ‘visit’,” the wizard replied. “Rarely do I keep stores of such things in abundance. They are for lesser practitioners, if you’ll pardon my language.”
“No, that describes me pretty well actually,” Aiden conceded. “You don’t have anything? Even something sa’quaarin would be useful.”
“Do you not have any of the items I gave you previously?”
“I think I used them all,” Aiden replied thoughtfully. “After the castle’s destruction, I didn’t have anything else on me, so it’s possible I lost anything remaining in the confusion.”
“Well, I have already offered you the only real sa’quaarin weapon I possess that isn’t already bolted to the floor.”
“Then I’ll take my chances with what I have,” Aiden replied stiffly, unwilling to submit to the strange device. “Let’s get on with this.”
“As you wish,” Terinus rasped with a slight inclination of his head. “Gather the others in the laboratory and I will take us to Lanfall.” Sayana and Robert stayed behind for a few brief moments alone together. Despite her customarily distant façade and his cocky attitude, Aiden glimpsed the mutual affection they had for each other just before the door swung shut. 
Pacian was already waiting in the lab, having already gathered his one piece of equipment — his quarterstaff. Beneath the unassuming wood was the deadly vythiric blade of a long dead knight, waiting to be unleashed. One word written in Auld Aielish was carved into the flowing lines of the hilt — ‘Vigilance’, evidently the name ascribed to the weapon. The course of the former ascetic’s life had changed of late, and the weapon seemed appropriate given the battling sides of his personality. Subtlety or brutal death were at his fingertips, and the moral compass that decided which came to the fore was damaged long ago.
This left Nellise, who was tightening the straps on her plate armor when Aiden knocked on her door. 
“Nearly done,” she called as he peered cautiously through the doorway.
“Do you need a hand with that?”
“I can manage,” she assured him. “Come in, there’s nothing to see here. How are you feeling?”
“Is this really the time for such a chat?” Aiden asked as he entered and closed the door. 
“It was just one question, and a rather simple one at that,” Nellise admonished him. 
“Sorry, I’m a little edgy,” Aiden answered.
“And there it is,” the cleric smiled in triumph. “Wasn’t so hard now, was it?”
“What’s your point?”
“You recently spoke to me of feeling drained, and the thought of another fight was furthest from your mind,” Nellise explained as she finished with her armor. “Now you’re about to march into yet another battle, and I’m curious what’s propelling you. It doesn’t seem like anger.”
“Give me a few minutes and I’m sure I can produce some,” Aiden assured her in a low voice. 
“I have a suggestion, if you’re willing to hear it.”
“I’m always willing to listen, you know that,” Aiden reminded her.
“Good. If you find your will to fight faltering or your sword arm slowing, you don’t need to fill your heart with hate to press on.”
“It’s worked well enough so far,” Aiden replied.
“But no longer,” Nellise pointed out. “Hate either ebbs away or consumes you over time. Fortunately for you, it seems to have left you before poisoning your heart. You can’t go into a battle with nothing to fight for. Hate is better than nothing, but there is another way.”
“What do you suggest?”
“Love, not hate,” Nellise suggested simply. “Love is the strongest emotion, and it is eternal. Do this, and your sword arm will never falter.”
“I’m not sure Criosa still loves me, actually,” he confessed. “My heart is as confused as my head.”
“I wasn’t speaking of romantic love, Aiden,” Nellise chuckled. “Although that can be very strong as well.”
“You’ve lost me,” Aiden said with a helpless shake of his head.
“I suppose it will take more than a few minutes to fully explain,” she conceded. “Let me put it this way — you can’t beat someone by hating more than they do. You can’t out-hate the monsters we have fought.”
“I’m really not sure how I can exude love while chopping a man’s arm off,” Aiden responded blandly. 
“It’s not about your enemies, it’s about remembering your friends, your family, and the common folk of the land who have nobody else to defend them,” Nellise said as she picked up her crossbow and stood ready to depart. “Love who we’re really fighting for, and the weight on your shoulders will vanish. Fight hard and selflessly, and our enemies won’t know what hit them. Though our bodies are mired in earthly concerns, our souls are free to soar.”
“Is that how you’ve done it all this time?” Aiden asked quietly, fascinated at her description.
“Demonstrably,” she responded with a faint smile. “Come, let’s go fetch Criosa and bring Osric’s reign to an abrupt end.”
“Now you’re talking sense,” Aiden answered with a grin of anticipation as they headed for the door. 

*          *          *

The city of Lanfall materialized around them as the flash of violet light cleared. Terinus had teleported them a long way indeed, although they had not appeared where Aiden hoped.
“This isn’t the royal palace,” he remarked quietly, taking note of the dank, narrow alleyway they now stood in. Buildings in a poor state of repair towered around them, blocking the sun on what was otherwise a fine, clear day.
“The palace is extensively warded against this sort of magic,” Terinus explained in his rasping voice. “I chose a location where we could appear without drawing attention.”
“Does this mean we were expected?” Pacian inquired.
“No, it is a standard practice to avoid unwanted visitors,” Terinus answered. “We will find the palace within a hundred yards in that direction,” he added, gesturing ahead of them with his staff.
“Alright,” Pacian said in a low voice. “Remember what we discussed. Instead of our customary approach, we are going to use subtlety. I will go ahead and scout the area to see what our best way forward is, and we’ll take it from there.” He raised the hood on his leather tunic to cover his stark white hair, and then slipped around the corner towards the main street, without waiting for a reply.
“I could go invisible and look around too,” Sayana offered.
“Pace has an eye for breaking into people’s houses,” Aiden said with a shake of his head. “If we do this right, they’ll never know we were here.”
“They’ll find out sooner or later,” Robert reminded him. “At some point in the next hour, things are going to get very noisy.”
“No need to tip our hand early,” Nellise added. She gasped as someone poured refuse from an upper story window nearby, spattering onto a pile of garbage in the alley.
“Bloody hell,” Aiden breathed as he too recovered from the sudden noise. 
“Just relax,” Robert growled. “Honestly, you’re like a bunch of new recruits today.”
“Hush,” Terinus whispered, silencing them before anyone else could speak. The distinctive sounds of quiet footsteps could be heard approaching from ahead. Aiden slowly grasped the hilt of his sword in anticipation, only to see Pacian’s hooded head peer around the corner. 
“We’re clear to the main street,” he whispered. “Come on.” Taking a deep breath to try and relax, Aiden and the others followed Pacian as he slowly made his way through the alleys. It wasn’t long before the winding path through the tightly-packed buildings joined up with a wider street that seemed familiar to Aiden.
“The palace doors are guarded by six men,” the Pacian explained, “all wearing heavy armor. It’s obviously the elite Royal Guard, judging by its quality. Ten more patrol the outer gate, with crossbowmen on the roof covering all approaches.”
“A lot to deal with, but not impossible,” Aiden surmised. “Exactly how subtle were you planning to be?”
“Leave that to me,” Pacian replied. “I could use your help, Sy.”
“Does it involve you slapping me again?” she drawled, recalling the last time the two of them had any meaningful interaction. 
“Do you really want to have that discussion now?” Pacian asked with intensity. “Make yourself invisible and follow me, if you can. Otherwise, I’ll manage on my own.”
“I will assist,” Sayana answered cautiously. 
“Wait for my signal, then head towards the palace,” Pacian advised Aiden, before heading out into the streets with Sayana in tow. 
“What do you think that’s all about?” Nellise wondered aloud.
“I suspect we will find out shortly,” Terinus answered. Aiden raised the hood on his robe and took up position at the edge of the alley. People walked past without paying him much attention, figuring he was just another destitute citizen of Lanfall forced to live on the streets. Many of the people walking around seemed sick, and Aiden wondered if disease was spreading through the population, until he saw some colorful banners discarded in a box next to him. 
“I think everyone’s a bit hungover,” he remarked to the others. “Osric must have thrown quite a celebration after his victory.”
The palace loomed over the urban landscape not far away, a building of singular importance amidst the sea war-damaged buildings. It was difficult to confirm Pacian’s assessment of its defenses from here, but Aiden could see the shining armor of several warriors standing guard at the main entrance. 
As he watched the scene ahead, Aiden saw a column of smoke rising from the far side of the palace. Few noticed it at first, but soon everyone in the area was looking in that direction. 
“This is it,” Aiden said, “let’s move in.” He led the others out of the alley and along the main street, sticking close to the shopfronts to avoid attention. He needn’t have worried though, for everyone around them had their attention firmly fixed on the rising smoke. The royal guards stationed around the palace perimeter looked on nervously, holding position at their posts until the scene escalated. Billowing flames shot into the sky, stunning onlookers with its sudden ferocity.
“They’re moving off,” Nellise remarked as most of the guards were ordered to investigate the sudden threat to the palace. Citizens began to hurry away from the area, reducing the cover Aiden and his companions were using to approach the gates. Two royal guards remained at the main gates, scanning the crowd nervously for any sign of trouble.
“I don’t want to kill them,” Aiden grumbled as he realized there may be no other way forward. A shadow behind one of the guards shifted suddenly, and he was struck over the head by a quarterstaff. As the other guard turned to react, Pacian leaped from his hiding place and quickly disarmed the man, then brought the staff around to smash his exposed face. 
“Come on,” Pacian ordered, leading them through the gates and up towards the main entrance. Two more guards stood ready to meet their advance, and the sound of a whistle being blown could be heard nearby as the approach of Aiden and his companions was spotted. As one, they drew their weapons and faced off against the two guards, whose faces were set in an expression of grim resolve. 
Before the fight could be joined, however, Robert moved to the front and levelled his massive sword at the closest man and spoke a few threatening words in Tuscara, the language of Tulsone. The guards held their ground for a moment before lowering their weapons and reluctantly stepping aside. Pacian wasted no time, darting past them to reach the main doors. They were formidable looking barriers, made of wood and strengthened with metal braces and bolts. 
“It’s barred and locked from the inside,” he reported after a moment’s examination. “We have to make them open it.”
“Perhaps you can convince your two friends to oblige?” Aiden suggested to Robert. The mercenary spoke to them briefly as instructed, but neither was willing to assist. 
“We’re running out of time,” Pacian advised. “Sayana’s diversion won’t hold their attention for long.”
“Stand aside,” Terinus instructed. They did so and watched as the wizard spoke an incantation, and then walked forward. Instead of bumping into the doors, he passed right through as if he were a ghost. Moments later, the sound of a heavy bar being lifted on the other side could be heard, followed by a series of tumblers as the locks were circumvented. The door didn’t open, and Aiden stood there looking at it before he shoved them open.
The reason for the delay became apparent, as they saw Terinus holding off half a dozen elite guards on the inside. With subtle movements of his staff, the wizard sent one after another tumbling backwards over the floor as if struck, although the staff never came close to touching them. 
“Move it!” Robert shouted to get them inside, for approaching along the path to the gate were ten guardsmen, returning from the scene of the fire to find their king’s palace under attack. Sayana appeared before the royal guardsmen and brought her hands together, sending out a shockwave of noise that stopped them in their tracks, clutching their ears in agony. The sorceress then turned and raced inside the doors as Aiden and Pacian closed and barred behind her. 
Although they had done their best to avoid casualties, Aiden and his companions were left with no choice but to defeat the royal guards using everything at their disposal. Osric had chosen his men well, and once they had overcome the initial shock of the assault, they worked together as a formidable team. Armed with the finest of weapons, they clearly had no intention of surrendering or showing mercy.
Terinus stepped aside and allowed Robert to move to the front of the fight. Aeon Invictus swept back and forth, narrowly missing the guards as they attempted to get inside its arc of death. Nellise brought her Tulsonite double crossbow to bear. At this range, their armor was about as useful as paper against the powerful weapon, and both bolts struck true.
Pacian took up position on Robert’s right flank and removed the wooden end of his quarterstaff to reveal the deadly scythe within. With a series of deft maneuvers, the former ascetic disarmed his opponent and drove the scythe’s blade deep within his chest, sending sparks flying as the weapon sheared straight through the breastplate. 
The remaining guards saw how quickly their comrades had been taken down and immediately threw down their weapons. 
“Smart move,” Robert growled without bothering to speak in their language as Pacian moved in. 
“On your knees,” he ordered, and the two men complied. Pacian removed their helmets and promptly knocked them out with the butt of his weapon. The outer doors buckled slightly as the guards outside attempted to force their way in. Given the size and construction of the doors, it was unlikely they’d succeed, but reminded Aiden there was no retreat.
“We’re in it now,” Robert remarked as they stepped around the bloody remains on the floor. Without further discussion, they ran along the corridor towards a doorway, through which the king’s throne room lay. Osric was not there, as Aiden suspected, but he was not surprised to see a familiar face waiting for them with a pair of guards by his side. 
“Lord Aiden,” Sir Angevin Villeancourt, Osric’s oldest advisor breathed in surprise. “I had not expected to see you again so soon.” Aiden and the others didn’t hesitate, for as soon as they spotted the elderly knight, they ran straight for them while the two royal guards nervously held their ground with their swords at the ready. Robert held his blade to the throat of one man while Pacian did likewise to the other. 
“Sir Angevin, we’re in quite a hurry so I’ll be quick,” Aiden said calmly. “Where is your king and my future wife?”
“There is no need for threats,” he replied with only the slightest quiver in his voice. “They are both nearby. I will help you if you would do just one thing for me.”
“Name it,” Aiden replied evenly. 
“Kill these damned traitors—” Angevin began to say before being interrupted as one of the guards suddenly ran his sword through the chest of the old knight. Shocked at the sudden move, Pacian hesitated a moment too long before taking the guard’s head from his shoulders. Robert found himself in a duel with the other guard as their swords met in a flurry of motion, while Aiden stared helplessly as the life faded from Angevin’s eyes. Nellise dropped her crossbow and hurried to his side. 
“Staunch the flow of blood while I attempt to heal him,” she instructed, but Aiden knew it was already too late. The old knight stared lifelessly back at him, taking whatever information he was about to impart to the realm beyond. 
“Leave him,” Aiden gently told Nellise, who seemed crestfallen at the loss. Nearby, Robert and Pacian finished off the remaining guard with a combination of deadly strikes. Aiden, his gloved hands wet with the blood of another friend, stood as a great booming sound filled the chamber. The guards outside were slowly bringing the great doors down.
“If we want to avoid a massacre we need to keep moving,” Robert advised. “Where do we go from here?”
“Through there,” Aiden instructed, pointing towards a nearby door through which lay the inner chambers of the palace. They followed Aiden’s lead, leaving the still body of Angevin lying on the cold floor. 

Chapter Four

Familiar corridors beckoned as Aiden and the others moved deeper into the Royal Palace. It had only been weeks before when they stayed here as guests of the young king, seeking an alliance against their common foe. Now they returned as invaders, intent on removing Osric from power and rescuing the woman Aiden loved. It occurred to him at that moment he didn’t care whether Criosa returned his feelings or considered him some kind of monster. He wasn’t going to let Osric win and keep her as a prize.
Without clear information of where to find the king, Aiden and his companions were forced to search every room on their way through. He tried to push thoughts of Sir Angevin aside. The poor man must have been under suspicion from Osric for some time, for his personal guards to have orders to kill the king’s closest advisor at the first sign of dissent. 
Servants scurried out of the way as the heavily armed group stormed through the palace, leaving a path of overturned furniture and emptied wardrobes in their wake. Although large, the palace was less than half the size of the castle in Fairloch. Aiden hoped they could thoroughly sweep through it and deal with Osric before the guards managed to break through and run them down. 
Upon opening the door to one of the larger bedrooms, Aiden briefly thought they had discovered the young King of Tulsone. A man of his approximate age and appearance lay upon the bed in a tangle of sheets, oblivious to their presence. Aside from a crop of dark hair, he could easily be mistaken for the king. When he moved in closer, Aiden discovered it was not, in fact, Osric. Empty bottles lay strewn across the floor, and the pungent aroma of spirits and sweat filled the air. 
“Wake up!” Aiden shouted, jostling the man until he roused from his drunken stupor. He slurred a few words in Tuscara and tried to turn over and go back to sleep.
“He seems to think you’re his valet,” Robert drawled. “The chamber pot is under his bed.”
“I’m not your bloody servant,” Aiden said, rolling the naked man until he faced them once more. He clutched his head and groaned, which was an entirely reasonable response considering the number of empty bottles in the room.
“Who are you and why are you speaking this horrible language?” the drunken man croaked in accented Aielish as he squinted up at them. 
“I’m invading your palace with regicide on my mind,” Aiden replied. “Who are you?”
“Stop shouting, for the love of God,” the nobleman groaned before realization dawned in his bleary green eyes. “Wait, did you say regicide?”
“I did,” Aiden confirmed. “Tell me where your king is, and we won’t beat you to death.” Unsure what to expect, he was nonetheless taken aback when the man merely smirked and laid his head back down on the ample pillows. 
“That won’t be necessary. You’ll find His Royalness downstairs, entertaining himself with his latest acquisition,” he sighed sleepily. “When you cut his head off, do me a favor and try to keep the noise down would you? There’s a good fellow.”
“Certainly,” Pacian answered sarcastically, “and would you like some refreshments while we’re at it?”
“Yes, bring me another bottle of the red if you would… oh wait, you weren’t serious. Please go away now, annoying people.” With that, the nobleman closed his eyes and was snoring within moments.
“I’m not sure what to make of that,” Sayana remarked, although Aiden hardly heard her. The drunken noble had alluded to Osric’s location below the palace. Without saying another word, Aiden made his way out of the room and began searching for the stairs down. The others joined in, spreading out through the palace to search for the entrance to the catacombs below. 
“Over here,” Pacian called, drawing their attention. As Aiden headed in his direction, the sounds of heavy, clunking footsteps could be heard rushing through the palace halls towards their location. 
“They’re through the main gate,” Robert commented as he jogged past.
“Pace, tell me you found the way down,” Aiden asked as his companions gathered around. Part of the wall had been pushed aside, revealing a secret stairwell descending into darkness below. 
“Move it,” Robert ordered, practically pushing them through the narrow gap as a small army of guards closed in. Pacian was the last one through, operating the mechanism which closed the secret door behind them. They held still as armored men could be heard passing by out in the corridor. The delay tested Aiden’s patience, but the last thing they needed was a horde of soldiers to contend with.
“We’ll have to deal with them later,” Robert growled in a low voice once the footsteps had subsided. 
“One thing at a time,” Aiden said, not discounting the observation. They continued on down the stairs until they opened out into a hallway of grey stone. Light from sputtering torches illuminated the dank passageway, and the incessant dripping of water echoed throughout. As Aiden began moving purposefully forward, two men leaped from the shadows and knocked him to the floor. 
A heavy club slammed into the side of his face, dazing him momentarily. Before he could recover, both of his assailants were tackled and held against the wall by Pacian and Robert. Nellise helped Aiden back to his feet as he wiped a smear of blood from the side of his face. The two men appeared to be the dungeon guards, dressed in chain armor and carrying clubs and a set of keys. Both men stank of heavy drink, and lacked the professionalism of the elite guard in the palace above. 
“How many prisoners do you hold down here?” Aiden asked, resisting the urge to punch them hard for their attack. The men looked at him blankly, clearly not understanding Aielish.
Robert repeated the question in their native tongue, and one of the men answered by raising one finger. It was enough for Pacian, who knocked his captive unconscious with the end of his weapon. Robert simply head-butted the other guard, who slumped to the floor in a stupor. 
They moved through the passageway, with Aiden peering through each cell door, torn between hoping to find Criosa inside one and fearing to see her within. The others began spreading through the complex, checking the cells and looking for any sign of Osric or Criosa. The dungeons had clearly fallen into disuse, for they encountered nothing but empty cells and cobwebs for the most part. 
Aiden continued checking the disused cells for signs of her presence until Sayana grabbed him by the shoulders and brought him to a halt.
She raised one finger to her lips, cautioning for silence. Curious, Aiden held his breath and listened along with the others, but heard nothing beyond the dripping of water echoing along the damp stone walls. 
Sayana’s eyes widened in surprise, and she turned and began creeping along the hall towards a barely visible stone door at the far end. Following her cautiously, Aiden watched as the sorceress placed the side of her head against the door. Moments later, Sayana pulled back and pointed at it, nodding her head silently to indicate she had discovered what they sought. 
Pacian rushed forward and began examining the door, which did not have a visible handle to open. His expert hands ran across the surface, searching for some way of bypassing the hidden entrance, to what Aiden believed could only be Osric’s private chambers. 
“Are you sure?” he whispered to Sayana when he couldn’t hear anything beyond the stone surface. She nodded in reply, her lips pursed tightly in consternation. Whatever she sensed was clearly distressing, which did not help Aiden maintain his calm. 
Terinus brushed past, pushing Pacian gently aside before whispering a quick incantation. As before, he walked through the stone door as if it were an illusion. Moments later, it opened silently on oiled hinges revealing a large chamber. Dark stone walls enclose the large space, which was empty except for several squat pillars holding up the ceiling. 
Three doors beckoned from across the room, with warm light flooding into the larger chamber from a gap in one of them. The subtle rustling of chains could be heard from within, prompting Aiden to immediate action. He rushed across the open space and burst through the slightly open doorway, expecting the worst. A number of lanterns hanging from the walls illuminated the room, revealing opulent furnishings and many other comforts, in stark contrast to the rest of the dungeon.
The sound of a heavy impact, followed by iron clattering across the floor was heard just outside the room. Turning to look, Aiden saw Robert had taken a hit and been knocked onto his back by something. The immense booming sound of something massive walking across flagstones echoed throughout the chamber, putting them all on alert. 
“The dreadnought approaches,” Terinus remarked, incanting some protective magics, as did Sayana. Nellise cautiously headed through the door with the clear intention of aiding Robert, who was shaking his head and struggling to rise after hitting the floor. Before she could reach him, a blur of movement struck the cleric, and it wasn’t the metal arm of the gigantic construct.
Osric Davignon, moving unnaturally fast, struck Nellise’s armor with a sword etched in light. The blade left searing lines of heat across the metal plate where the weapon connected. She fell back, unable to respond to the blistering assault as Osric’s arms moved faster than the eye could see. 
Terinus raised his staff and began to incant, when the young king left Nellise reeling from the assault and charged at the wizard. Within a heartbeat he had reached his position and slammed a glowing shield into the ancient elf’s chest, sending him back into the room. 
“Aiden Wainwright, we meet again,” Osric purred. Pacian, who had moved to one side of the doorway, brought his scythe down in a deadly sweep that should have taken the king’s head from his shoulder. Osric easily sidestepped the assault and slammed his shield into Pacian before he could react, sending him reeling against the wall. 
Sayana sent a stream of fire at Osric, bathing him in flames. The king seemed unperturbed by the heat, however, and rushed forward to slash her repeatedly with his arcane blade. Her spectral armor flashed and sparked as it resisted the assault, but of greater concern was the stomping footsteps of the dreadnought as it loomed in the gap behind them. Robert and Nellise were cut off, and Osric’s magically augmented speed and power had the others on the defensive.
In the gap between the construct’s massive legs, Aiden saw Nellise kneeling next to Robert and whispering a prayer of healing. She needed time to get Robert into the fight, and Aiden knew just how to get it.
“We know what your plans are,” he shouted at Osric. The king was busy dealing with Sayana, who simply couldn’t find the time to invoke her power while his assault continued. Terinus regained his footing and sent a bolt of lightning into Osric. The power arced around his body, striking the walls but leaving him unharmed. 
“Veronique told us everything,” Aiden continued, trying to come up with a way to beat him. “She thinks you’re nothing more than a fun little diversion, did you know that?”
“You’re lying,” Osric snarled as he slammed the hilt of his weapon into Sayana’s face, leaving her stunned and bloodied. The king turned and stalked towards Aiden as he spoke. “Veronique has entrusted me with the secrets of the gods, and sees the greatness within me. I will remake the world in my image and live for a thousand years. Criosa will be part of that vision, and you are not taking her from me.”
“You’ll never lay a hand on her again, you bastard,” Aiden answered as he stood before the king, his sword at the ready. Osric barked a sharp word in Tuscara and out in the chamber the gigantic construct, hunched over in the confined space, bore down on Nellise and Robert, while Osric moved in on Aiden.
At that moment, everything around him began to slow down. The dreadnaught’s steps were measured and lazy, while the two it sought to destroy moved as if mired in molasses. Initially puzzled, Aiden glanced to his left and saw Terinus incanting in his direction, clearly using magic to counter Osric’s advantage. The wizard may not have been able to affect the king directly, but he could enhance Aiden to match him. 
With a grim smile, Aiden raised Robert’s elf-crafted sword and blocked Osric’s swing. The two locked eyes and the king’s cocky smile vanished, for Aiden was moving just as fast. Without the advantage afforded by his relics, the tables had turned. 
The edge of Aiden’s blade began to glow red where the two swords met, so he brought his booted foot up and kicked Osric hard in the stomach. What he lacked in skill with the blade, Aiden made up for in tenacity. He slashed and cut, putting Osric on the defensive for the first time. The king’s weapon was light and fast, and each parry set Aiden’s sword glowing with a little more heat. 
As he expected, Osric was no novice to fighting with the sword, but he lacked real combat experience. Aiden increased his attacks on his opponent’s left flank, meeting his glowing shield with each strike but gradually forcing Osric off balance and out of position. After half a dozen hits, Aiden stepped in and slashed at the king’s face with his gloved claw while extending his talons. They burst through the leather and gouged deep lines over Osric’s smooth features.
Osric staggered to one side as blood ran down his chin, but Aiden didn’t relent. With strength surging through him, he slammed his blade down again and again as the young king raised his sword to keep Aiden at bay. He was wearing down Osric’s defenses when the wall behind them exploded, sending shards of broken stone across the room and scattering the two combatants.
Aiden rolled to a stop at the base of the large bed, taking a moment to clear his head before regaining his footing. The entire wall had been destroyed, leaving the room opened up to the large chamber beyond. Standing on the other side of the carnage was the ominous figure of Veronique LeNoir, bathed in an eldritch glow and staring into the remains of the smaller room with fury. Aiden felt the speed he had gained leave his body as Terinus’s attention turned to his counterpart.
“I told you to stay out of this,” Veronique warned as a strong wind arose from nowhere in the isolated chamber. Osric pushed aside the debris and slowly stood, looking like a child who had done something wrong and was about to face the anger of a disappointed parent. A violet glow surrounded him and grew with intensity.
“No, I can beat them!” he protested to his mentor. “Don’t send me away—” 
His screech of protest was cut off as Osric promptly vanished, teleported away against his will. Aiden felt a similar pang of frustration, for he had just about beaten the man. He didn’t have time to contemplate this for moments after Osric disappeared, Terinus and Veronique sent a cascade of magical energies at each other. Aiden dived to one side as lightning and fire crackled overhead, setting the back of his tunic alight. He rolled around on the floor to douse the flames.
Both wizards were deflecting powerful magic and sending out torrents of deadly incantations, coloring the room in an assortment of strange hues. The shadows caused by these lights sprang to life and lunged at Terinus, attempting to suffocate him in darkness. He incanted a powerful burst of light which burned away the shadowy fiends, then sent a burst of green energy crackling into the ceiling above Veronique’s head.
Shattered stones began to fall toward her, but with a wave of her hand they turned into feathers before they could crush her beneath their weight. Calling upon her impressive powers, she turned the falling feathers into small birds, which flew shrieking at Terinus to batter him, leaving him distracted and unable to respond as a giant, ephemeral fist appeared in the air and slammed into the wizard.
Terinus crumpled against the wall, yet Veronique did not let up. She raised her hand and the colossal fist picked up her opponent from the ground, and tossed him through a gap in the ruptured stone wall as if he were a rag doll. Veronique vanished in a flash of violet and reappeared through the gap, unleashing another bolt of lightning onto the unseen form of Terinus.
More of the wall across from Aiden was turned to dust as the dreadnaught’s gleaming fist slammed through it. Through the hole, Nellise, Sayana and Pacian were struggling to control the gigantic construct.
Aiden clambered over the pile of rubble and joined his companions. He reluctantly summoned a suit of spectral armor to cover his body, knowing full well he was tapping into his sorcery once more. He couldn’t think about it now, however, for the lives of his friends were at stake, and one solid hit from that monster could kill him if unprotected.
Its movements were more fluid than other constructs they’d fought, and it was faster than it should have been for something so huge. Its face was a smooth, curved surface as reflective as a mirror. There was no sign of damage upon any of its body, despite the best efforts of Sayana and Pacian. Nearby, Robert struggled to regain his footing from the earlier attack, and the man was obviously heavily wounded. 
“Get to Robert,” Aiden advised Nellise as he moved in to take her place. “We’re not going to win this without him.”
Nellise nodded wordlessly and dropped the plain sword she had been fighting with to tend to the mercenary’s wounds. Aiden exchanged a glance with Sayana, who looked back at him helplessly. Again, she threw a bolt of energy at its hide, only to have it bounce off and strike the wall. 
“Nothing’s working!” she cried in frustration. The dreadnaught responded by sending one of its fists straight for her. Sayana vanished in a flash of violet, reappearing directly behind the construct. She threw a ball of fire directly at its back, which erupted in flames that crawled along the low ceiling before dissipating. 
Pacian darted in and out of the fight, avoiding its dangerous fists completely. He would run in, slash along its leg or flank, and dash out of harm’s way once more. Even the vythiric blade of his scythe was barely enough to scratch the mirror-like finish on the golem’s oversized limbs, and it would take more than hit-and-run attacks to bring it down. 
Given this, Aiden felt completely outmatched by their mighty foe, for his blade would fare no better than Pacian’s. An idea formed in his mind, and although risky, it was worth a try. He rushed in and struck the foreleg of the dreadnaught with his sword twice in quick succession. As he predicted, it had little effect, but it did cause the construct to turn its attention to him. 
Aiden cautiously backpedalled as it bore down on his position, pulling back one of its arms to ready a punishing counterattack. When he saw its arm begin to move forward, he ducked to one side. The fist went right past him and connected with one of the bulky columns which supported the ceiling in this wide chamber.
The column shattered under the force of the impact, dropping on top of the construct and bringing down part of the ceiling with it. A resounding crash echoed through the room as it was partially buried under tons of stone, sending up a cloud of dust in the process. Daring to believe he’d actually damaged it, Aiden turned to see how Terinus was faring against Veronique.
The ancient elf was on one knee, struggling to deflect a storm of rocks his opponent was hurling through the air with the power of her mind. Her fury was terrible to behold, leading Aiden to believe there was a great deal of personal feeling in the fight. He couldn’t let her beat him, however much Terinus might deserve to die.
Reaching within himself, Aiden sent a bolt of lightning at Veronique. Her protective magic took the brunt of the assault, but some of it bypassed her defenses, judging by a line of blood streaming from her temple. She turned towards Aiden and lashed him with crackling electricity. 
He screamed in pain but only caught a small portion of it, as Nellise nullified the assault. Sayana dimmed the room as she pulled in power from her surroundings, and sent a bolt of crackling green energy at Veronique. The wizard raised her hands and suddenly, the bolt shot back towards Sayana. Stunned at the sudden reversal, she barely managed to respond by summoning her shield of force. 
The shield absorbed some of the damage, but the rest struck the sorceress directly. She was bathed in green fire for a moment, but even that short exposure was enough to sear her skin and destroy her armor. With smoke rising from her charred body, she collapsed to the ground. 
This had given Terinus enough time to regain his footing, and chains of blue light burst from the ground to wrap around his opponent. She responded by vanishing in a puff of violet light, which Terinus duplicated. Aiden thought they had left the scene of the fight, but they both reappeared nearby, darting in and out of reality as they attempted to gain an edge over the other. 
A rumble of stone caught Aiden’s attention as the dreadnaught arose from the crumbling remains of the ceiling, sporting sizeable dents on its back and arms. It was still very much intact, however, and sent a fist thundering towards Aiden. Caught unaware, his spectral armor flashed as it absorbed some of the force, but he was still sent sprawling into a nearby column, gasping at the sudden pain in his body. 
Nellise stumbled out of the way as the construct lumbered forward intent on finishing Aiden off. Someone else was moving in the shadows behind the construct, and it was then Aiden saw Robert move in and bring his sword across in a mighty sweep.
Although clearly wounded, the mercenary put everything he had into that swing and the results spoke for themselves. Aeon Invictus cut straight through the metal, emitting a howling shriek as the ancient blade severed the leg entirely. The golem fell to the floor like a felled tree, cracking the flagstones and causing a deafening ‘boom’.
Robert followed through with an overhead swing, gouging the metal on its chest as the sword cut through the Auldsteel construct as if it was mere iron. Aiden winced in pain as he picked himself up, and could only watch as Robert narrowly avoided each retaliation from the construct, while he gradually went about cutting it to shreds. The sound of tearing metal echoed throughout the chamber, setting Aiden’s teeth on edge.
Nearby, the two dueling wizards flitted in and out of reality. Even when neither of them could be seen, the air distorted as energies unleashed around them. Flickers of lightning and fire, and other dark forms too terrible to contemplate flashed in the chamber, until both wizards reemerged into the world with smoking, torn robes.
“You’re not as feeble as you look,” Veronique gasped between breaths. 
“Years of practice,” Terinus rasped as the air rattled in his lungs. They would have spoken further, but a blade suddenly burst through Veronique’s chest. Wide-eyed, she looked down at the weapon for a moment before slumping to the ground. 
Pacian stood over her body and pulled his scythe free, with no sign of remorse or mercy on his stern features. Terinus seemed as surprised at this turn of events as anyone, but was too tired to complain. 
Robert went skidding across the floor as he took a heavy blow from the construct, which, amazingly, was still able to fight. Great gouges were rent across its torso, and it was missing an arm and a leg, yet it managed to claw its way forward in an effort to carry out its final order. Aiden stumbled forward to help Robert back to his feet, but the mercenary had taken two mighty blows from the construct and cried out in pain when Aiden tried to pick him up.
“Broke some ribs and dislocated my shoulder,” Robert gasped. “You’ll have to finish this.”
“Allow me,” Terinus interceded. He raised a hand and Aeon Invictus lifted up from the floor. The ancient sword hovered in the air for a moment, until a gesture from Terinus set it upon the construct effortlessly carving it into small pieces. 

Chapter Five

While standing amidst the scene of destruction, Aiden noticed movement out of the corner of his eye. A crack had opened in a wall, through which the familiar features of Criosa peeked.
“Aiden, what are you doing here?” she hissed. 
“Rescuing you, what does it look like?” he responded with a mixture of relief and disbelief. She appeared to be unharmed. 
“Is it over?” she asked quietly, gazing around in awe. She emerged from the secret door wearing an outlandish white dress unsuited for anything more than standing around looking pretty. The place was utterly ruined. Several columns had been knocked over, leaving Aiden to wonder if the ceiling was going to collapse on them.
“Not yet,” Terinus answered, his voice cracking with fatigue. The ancient wizard slowly rose to his feet, leaning heavily on his staff for support. “Our purpose remains — the knowledge imparted to Osric will be here somewhere. It cannot be allowed to fall into the hands of anyone else.”
“We just assaulted the King of Tulsone and destroyed his private sex dungeon,” Robert drawled, wincing through the pain of his broken ribs. “I’m thinking we’ll have company in the very near future.”
Nellise was kept busy checking everyone’s injuries, with particular attention paid to Sayana. The sorceress was still alive, in spite of her terrible burns. Robert lay near the remains of the dreadnought, unable to move for the severity of his injuries. Only Pacian had survived the battle almost unscathed. 
“I still don’t know why you risked so much to come for me,” Criosa said as she gingerly approached. The large chamber closely resembled a quarry, with chunks of broken masonry littering the area. 
“We will have time for discussion later,” Nellise said. “Sayana lives, though barely, and Robert has internal bleeding I must attend to immediately.” 
A wave of warm, sweet air washed over him, taking his mind away from their troubles for the time being. The invigorating sensation made his bruises tingle as the energy began to mend his injuries. She kept up the healing aura for a minute or so before the oppressive atmosphere of the chamber weighed down on them once more. 
“I need to do more extensive work before Sayana is fully mended,” Nellise counselled with a tired voice. She closed her eyes and rubbed her forehead wearily. Her armor had been scorched and cut to shreds in her confrontation with Osric, and clearly, she had been using her prayers to simply stay alive during the fight.
Robert cut the straps of his ruined armor, dropped it to the ground and managed to stand up, though he still clutched at the side of his chest and winced. He went to Sayana’s side and the look on his face was heartbreaking. Normally difficult to read, the anguish he felt at seeing the woman he loved in such pain was plain to see.
“Don’t worry baby, we’ll get you back on your feet in no time,” he whispered, daring to lightly kiss the side of her burned face. “Do what you have to do, Nel, just fix her up.”
“It will take hours,” she explained simply. “We don’t have the time to sit here and recover.” 
“Terinus,” Aiden said to the wizard, “can you take Sayana and Nellise directly to the tower from here, while we search the place for this knowledge you spoke of?”
“I have already explained the palace is warded against teleportation,” Terinus reminded him. “Only the creator of the wards is able to come and go as they please, which is how Veronique showed up without warning. We must return to the alley or another secure location of equal distance from the palace.” The distant sounds of approaching footsteps and echoing voices drew their attention.
“The upper floor is probably crawling with guards,” Aiden remarked. “We may have trouble with that plan.”
“The door I entered through leads directly to Osric’s chambers,” Criosa advised.
“I’m not even going to ask how you knew about that,” Aiden grumbled as he helped Robert with Sayana. She moaned at the unwanted movement, but there was no help for it. They couldn’t remain here any longer. 
Criosa seemed on the verge of saying something to Aiden, then gave up and moved to the secret door. One by one they filed through the gap, with Pacian operating the mechanism to close the door behind them. Despite Nellise’s efforts, Aiden and the others were still badly hurt. Climbing stairs while carrying the wounded proved more challenging than he anticipated.
After finally making it to the top, they emerged into the opulence of the royal chambers. Large paintings adorned the walls, with thick carpets and expensive rugs covering the floors. Golden statues lined the room, depicting abstract yet alluring female forms. Again, Aiden was staggered by the wealth on display, serving only to appease the arrogance of the young king while his city lay in ruins. 
Criosa shuffled to the other side of the chamber, where she disappeared behind a floral screen to change into something more practical. Pacian moved to the door and cracked it open, peering outside to check for any guards, while Sayana was eased upon the oversized bed to rest a moment. 
“I was hoping to have more time to investigate, but I’ve been keeping my eyes open during my brief time here anyway,” Criosa said from behind the screen. “Long have I suspected Osric of conspiring with others to advance his plans, which prompted my decision to come here. I take it this Veronique woman was responsible for Osric’s sudden influx of funds?”
“Quite,” Terinus replied curtly, too busy with searching the room to pay much heed to her words.
“Wait,” Aiden blurted, “how did you choose to come here?” 
“I'll explain later. Osric's safe is behind the painting of his father,” she advised, peeking out from behind the screen for only a moment to point them in the right direction. “I was trying to open the lock when I heard your arrival downstairs.” Aiden hadn’t noticed the small portrait amongst the rest of Osric’s outlandish decorations, hanging in an obscure position away from the windows.
The painting of King Évariste Davignon had been neglected for some time, for it was covered in dust and a thin layer of grime over the surface of the picture. Terinus moved in for a closer look. After removing his gloves, his pale, withered fingers carefully traced a path along the edge of the frame before prying it from the wall and tossing it aside.
A metal square was revealed, only slightly smaller than the painting which had covered it. The smooth surface was marred only by a latch and a keyhole. Flush-mounted bolts lined the edge, giving the distinct impression it could survive the destruction of the entire building.
“I found it on my first search of the room,” Criosa called, “but I wasn’t able to open it. I was planning to steal the key until your arrival changed everything.”
“Is that what you’ve been doing?” Aiden asked, suddenly beginning to realize her motives for coming here were entirely different from what he'd been led to believe.
“Of course. What did you think I was doing?” she replied archly. Aiden wisely kept his mouth shut and returned his attention to the safe.
With a flourish of one hand, Terinus whispered a quick incantation and the lock made a series of clicking sounds. It stopped a few moments later, prompting the wizard to pull on the latch. The door opened silently, shedding light upon the contents. 
“Oh, that’s clever,” Criosa chortled, only her head visible around the side of the screen. “I’ll have to learn that incantation, it’ll be such a time saver.”
Terinus reached inside and pulled out neatly stacked sheaves of what appeared to be some sort of transparent paper. The writings upon it were in the language of the sa’quaarin, along with diagrams and mathematical formulae Aiden couldn’t begin to understand. Terinus raised his hand to inspect the strange papers briefly, before a gesture from his other hand caused them to ignite. 
“Success,” he rasped, seeming to relax as the papers coiled and smoked in his hand until they turned to ash. 
“You dropped one,” Aiden said, noticing a piece of regular paper on the floor. It must have fallen from the safe when Terinus pulled out the others. Holding it up, Aiden saw the language upon it was Tuscara, and although he couldn’t read it, he wasn’t sure it was related to the other papers. Furthermore, closer inspection revealed the heraldic device of the King of Tulsone, with the signature of Évariste Davignon at the bottom. 
“Robert, can you read Tuscara?” Aiden inquired absently.
“Well enough to get by,” the mercenary grunted, wincing from the pain in his side. “What have you found?”
“You tell me.” Taking the paper from Aiden, Robert scrutinized it carefully. Before he could finish, Pacian hissed a quick warning.
“There are guards heading this way.”
“We should go back down the stairwell,” Nellise suggested, looking up from her work on Sayana’s burned skin.
“No time,” Pacian responded. “There are dozens of them patrolling the palace, too. We’ll never make it out of here without a fight… unless they find what they’re looking for.”
“What does that mean?” Criosa asked cautiously as she emerged from behind the screen clothed in a tunic and leathers. 
“I will meet you at the alleyway,” Pacian said, “or not, as the case may be.” With a quick glance at Nellise, Pacian slipped through the doorway and closed it behind him. Moments later, a shout of alarm went up and the noise of men running in heavy armor stormed past, before receding into the distance. 
“The damned fool is going to get himself killed,” Nellise admonished, as surprised as any of them at his sudden disappearance. 
“Maybe, but he’s bought us some time,” Robert grunted in reluctant admiration. “But first, you’ve got to hear what this says.”
“Is it urgent?” Aiden inquired, feeling the tension rise as everyone made ready to escape the palace. 
“If my reading is right, this is a royal declaration signifying the birth of King Évariste’s sons, Osric and Sebastian.”
“I don’t recall hearing about Osric having a brother,” Aiden mused.
“It is his younger brother,” Criosa explained. “Osric says he lives in Auvergne, along the southern coast. Apparently, they don’t get along too well.”
“Sorry to correct you, Highness,” Robert said, “but the date on this document indicates Sebastian was born first, not Osric.”
“That can’t be right,” the princess replied. “If Sebastian were the eldest, he would have taken the throne upon their father’s death.”
“Perhaps the document is forged?” Aiden suggested. Robert squinted at the writings with his eye for a long moment.
“This seal is authentic, as far as I can tell.”
“Give it here,” Criosa prompted, determined to get to the bottom of this. She examined it meticulously, while Aiden took up position near the door to make sure the way was still clear.
“Highness,” Terinus interrupted delicately, “regardless of the possible importance of this document, this isn’t the time or place.”
“I didn’t go through all of this simply to walk away on the cusp of triumph,” Criosa answered hotly. “I’ll take any opportunity to thwart Osric’s plans.”
“Then I suggest you hurry, for we are on a tight schedule,” Terinus finished, unperturbed by her anger. Criosa kept reading through the document with Robert’s help, while Aiden nervously watched the outer hall, listening for any indication of Pacian’s predicament. The clamor of running could be heard faintly, suggesting Aiden’s old friend was still on the loose.
“It is authentic,” Criosa whispered when she finally finished the document. “This should be in the heraldic record of the Davignon family archives, not locked in Osric’s safe.”
“We can revisit this later,” Terinus advised firmly. “We need to leave, now.”
“But —” Criosa protested before she was cut off by Aiden, who grabbed her by the arm and began ushering her towards the door. Robert picked up Sayana in his arms and followed, while Nellise brought up the rear. 
“Which way to the exit?” Aiden asked Criosa.
“Follow this corridor, then turn left,” she advised. Aiden obeyed her instructions without hesitation, determined to get them out of here before the guards returned. 
“There’s every chance the front gate will be crawling with guards,” Robert advised.
“We’ll deal with that when we get there,” Aiden responded, quietly unsure how they were going to make their way through the streets, let alone leave the palace while carrying their wounded. For all his talents, Pacian would be hard-pressed to divert enough of the guards for the rest of them to slip away unseen.
They wended their way through the halls of the royal palace, checking each turn to make sure there were no guards awaiting them. It was unlikely they would survive a fight, given their current condition, so any encounter would most likely end with their capture. 
The sounds of shuffling feet from around the next corner alerted Aiden to the presence of someone nearby. Keeping Criosa behind him, he peered into the next passage and saw the nobleman they had encountered earlier heading back to his room, wearing only the briefest of underclothes. Their eyes met, and recognition sparkled in the noble’s bleary eyes.
“Oh, it’s the Aielish invaders. I take it you’re responsible for causing such a racket?”
“Yes, and if you attempt to alert the guards, I’ll gut you like a fish,” Aiden warned as he led the others down the corridor.
“What would I tell them, considering I never left my room and haven’t seen a thing?” the noble replied languidly. “Be sure to close the door on your way out, there’s a good chap.” 
Aiden’s companions moved past but his vague familiarity hinted at something Aiden couldn’t let go of. 
“Is your name Sebastian?” he asked curiously. The noble halted in his steps and looked back cautiously.
“That depends if you have a personal grudge against Osric, or feel his entire family should be made to suffer for his crimes.”
“It was very personal, as it happens,” Criosa suggested, looking at the noble with fresh eyes. “Prince Sebastian Davignon, I presume?”
“I am,” he answered reluctantly, apparently feeling very conscious about his lack of clothing. “You are Princess Criosa Roebec, are you not?”
“Indeed, and I think we have something we need to discuss.”
“Highness, I really must protest—” Terinus began, but was interrupted by the sounds of heavy booted steps heading towards their location.
“In here, quickly now,” Sebastian ordered, closing the door after the last of them had entered the chamber. The rumble of many booted feet went past moments later.
“We can’t have you getting caught, now can we?” Sebastian said, shuffling over to the smoldering fireplace and throwing on another log. “The days are growing cold already, and I detest the cold,” he muttered, stirring the embers with an iron poker. “Don’t worry, the guards have orders not to disturb me. You’ll have to forgive my appearance. I am unaccustomed to having such illustrious guests on short notice.”
“We’re not exactly dressed for a formal dinner,” Robert grunted, setting Sayana down on the plush bed nearby. 
“Our time here is limited, at best,” Criosa began, but Sebastian held up one hand to interrupt.
“First things first. Does my brother still live?” 
“Yes, unfortunately,” Criosa replied bitterly. 
“But there’s… five of you?” Sebastian protested after a quick head count. “What sort of incompetent assassins are you, anyway?”
“He had a powerful ally,” Criosa assured him. “Do you recall seeing a woman in black robes following your brother around?”
“No, but I do remember seeing an absolutely drop-dead gorgeous woman in black robes following him around,” Sebastian replied cheekily. “Oh… I take it she’s dead now. That’s a shame.”
“It really isn’t,” Aiden drawled. “Osric was sent away with powerful magic before we could defeat him, though I did manage to scar his face.”
“I suppose every cloud has a silver lining, no?” Sebastian shrugged. “What was it you wanted to say, Criosa? I’m guessing it’s not ‘you can be king now because we deposed your monstrous brother.’” 
“Monstrous… then you know of his appetites?” Criosa asked grimly. 
“Of course I know, my whole family knows,” Sebastian grumbled, heading over to a glass cabinet filled with bottles of colored liquid. “It goes much deeper than that, Criosa. Osric possesses a degree of malign cunning I’ve never encountered in anyone else, and he hated me with an unholy passion, even from a young age.”
“He felt destined for greatness and longed to be king. My father mistook his twisted hunger for ambition and nurtured his darker instincts. While I was learning how to rule from his consuls, father would take Osric down to his little dungeon and ‘show him the ropes’, as the saying goes.” Sebastian paused to take a swig from a bottle of wine. Aiden and the others said nothing, allowing the man to explain the depths of Osric’s true nature.
“I feel some degree of responsibility for the current situation,” the Tulsonite prince continued. “When I was younger, there was a lovely noble girl who took my fancy, and I courted her with the intention of making her my future wife. She disappeared from my chambers one night and I never saw her again. Her family were outraged at her disappearance, and father pushed the idea she had been kidnapped and killed by enemies of the Crown. He compensated them of course, as if money could fix everything.”
“I long suspected a different truth, and when I confronted Osric about it, he did not deny my accusations. He simply smiled, knowing full well I would never know what really happened.”
“So, you knocked him on his arse, right?” Robert said, evidently fuming with quiet rage as the story unfolded. 
“God knows I wanted to,” Sebastian spat, “but I was a coward and a fool. I took to drinking to dull the pain and in doing so, allowed Osric to seize the throne upon our father’s death.”
“How did he do it?” Aiden inquired softly.
“He destroyed the original record of our respective births and replaced them with forgeries, detailing his status as the eldest. We are less than a year apart in age, so it was quite believable. Anyone who was present for the birth was either sent to the front lines, or mysteriously disappeared. By the time I was sober enough to learn all of this, it was too late to act. I simply crawled into a bottle and have not emerged since.”
“He said to me you lived in Auvergne,” Criosa said sympathetically. “You’ve been here this whole time?”
“It’s sort of an in-joke between us,” Sebastian snorted. “The people of Auvergne have a reputation for drinking to excess, the wretched little miscreants. Actually, I shouldn’t say that. I haven’t been there often enough to really get to know the place. I’m sure they’re lovely people.” Silence fell as Sebastian swigged from the bottle once more, while Criosa pulled out the paper they had discovered in Osric’s safe.
“What’s this?” Sebastian asked curiously as she handed it to him. He began to read with bloodshot eyes, and when he was halfway through the document the bottle slipped out of his other hand and shattered on the floor.
“Where did you find this?” he gasped, trying to steady himself against the wall. 
“Osric’s safe,” Criosa explained with a sparkle in her eye. “Quite an interesting read, don’t you think?”
“I should have known the little bastard was lying when he told me he’d destroyed the old record,” Sebastian snarled. He clutched at his head with both hands, scrunching up the paper as he groaned. “I need to think, damn this headache!”
“It seems you’ve a lot to consider,” Aiden remarked, glancing at an impatient Terinus who stood by the door. “We should be really be going. Our luck isn’t going to hold out forever.”
“Yes, yes you should,” Sebastian agreed. “Don’t go through the front gate, it’ll be locked down tight. There is an entrance to the old kitchens that hasn’t been used since the palace was attacked. You’ll have to move a lot of broken building materials out of the way, but it should get you out into the city without being seen. Just go left, then right twice and take the second door on the left. You can’t miss it.”
“Thank you, and good luck with whatever you have planned,” Criosa replied, giving the prince a quick peck on the cheek. 
“No, thank you, dear lady,” Sebastian replied fervently, taking her hand and raising it to his lips. “All I can offer you in recompense is the assurance that very soon, my brother will no longer be king.”
“That is all the payment I require,” Criosa said with satisfaction. Terinus opened the door a crack and peered through, and once convinced the hall was clear, beckoned the rest of them to follow. Aiden shook Sebastian’s hand, having found him to be nothing at all like his brother, and joined the wizard out in the hallway.
Sebastian’s directions proved accurate and within minutes Aiden was pulling aside broken beams of wood inside the old kitchens. Although tired, he was in better shape than just about anyone else in the group and didn’t mind doing the work himself while they kept a close eye on the hall outside. 
After ten minutes, they finally managed to reach the service entrance, and with some effort shoved it open to reveal the remains of the palace’s rear gardens. The area was strewn with debris, a legacy from the war. In an odd way, it was a reflection of their king. The façade facing the general public was pristine and cultured, but underneath it was rotten to the core.
They carefully picked their way through the ruins, which connected to the back alleyways of the city, long since abandoned. The light was beginning to fade from the sky as the sun approached the horizon, and Aiden wondered how Pacian was faring against the might of the elite Royal Guards. 
Their route back to their entry point in the city was long and arduous, but it was necessary to avoid the populated areas. If anyone saw the group, battered and bruised and carrying wounded people, it would most likely bring the authorities down upon them. 
When they finally arrived at the alleyway, only the nearby lanterns in the main street shed any light into the area. A shadow with a shock of white hair was visible against the darkness, and Aiden was somewhat relieved to see Pacian had made it back safely.
“You’re not very stealthy with that hair,” Aiden muttered, feeling worn out from the day’s efforts. 
“If I didn’t want to be seen, you wouldn’t have seen me,” Pacian retorted. “You took your sweet time. What did you do, take the scenic route?”
“Sort of, yeah,” Aiden sighed, leaning against the alley wall. 
“Gather close while I return us to the tower,” Terinus rasped.
“Oh, there’s a fun way to cap off a terrible day,” Pacian muttered as a violet flash engulfed them, sending Aiden’s stomach lurching. When he opened his eyes once more, the interior of the Black Tower’s laboratory was visible, softly lit by the glowing orbs on the wall. A collective sigh erupted from more than one of the group as they slumped to the nearest wall, chair or even the floor. Moments later, Saffron and Lucas scurried into the room.
“Blimey, I was starting to wonder if you was even coming back,” the raelani remarked as Saffron tried to decide who needed help the most.
“Were you successful?” she asked hesitantly after noticing Sayana appearing gravely wounded. 
“Yes,” Terinus answered wearily. 
“You lot look like you’ve been through ‘ell,” Lucas remarked. “I’ve got a proper meal waiting for ya, and I’ll make sure the baths are nice and ‘ot.”
“I don’t have time for that,” Nellise replied as she moved to Sayana’s side. The sorceress lay upon the floor, breathing in ragged gasps. Aiden saw tears flowing from her eyes and knew she must have been in great pain. The extent of her burns was humbling, and it would be an immense feat for Nellise to cure her completely.
“Do you want me to move her somewhere else?” Robert offered, though he barely had the strength to speak.
“This will be fine,” Nellise answered with a shake of her head. “Perhaps you could bring some blankets, Lucas?”
“Right you are, luv,” the raelani butler said, rushing off to gather supplies.
“I believe I can mend her, though she will bear many scars from this experience,” Nellise confided to Robert and the others as she removed her torn armor. “Have Lucas bring me some soup, I suspect this healing will take me several hours and I’m famished already.” Robert crouched by Sayana’s side, holding one of her hands in his own and staring at her with concern.
“I… failed you,” Sayana whispered, barely audible through her burned lips. 
“What?” Robert protested bravely. “You were amazing, sweetie, and we’re all still alive. You did just fine.”
“She was too strong,” Sayana continued, peering at Aiden through tear-streaked eyes. “I promised to protect you… but I…” Her voice trailed off, leaving a wretched feeling welling in Aiden’s belly
“Don’t worry about a thing, Sy,” Aiden said to her in a thick voice.
“Let her rest,” Nellise advised softly. “I would ask you all to clear the room and let me work.” Criosa took Aiden by the hand and slowly led him away, the princess also visibly upset at Sayana’s condition. Robert was reluctant to go. He kept staring into the eyes of the woman he loved until the steady sound of Terinus’ staff on the stone floor caught his attention.
“What next?” the mercenary growled to the wizard without turning away from Sayana. “We damn near got ourselves killed today, and we’re no closer to getting this bloody amazing equipment you promised. We’re actually worse off, considering my amour’s all busted up. So is Nel’s, to say nothing of Sy’s condition. What’s your fantastic bloody plan now?”
Terinus had paused to hear him out, and once Robert had finished his rant left the room without saying a word. Aiden left Criosa’s side and hurried to catch up with him.
“I’ll do it,” he said simply, causing Terinus to stop and look directly at Aiden. “I’ll undergo this procedure you talked about. Sayana might not have been so badly hurt if I’d swallowed my pride and gone through with it in the first place. I’m not going to let any one of us get hurt again.”
Terinus gazed intently into Aiden’s eyes for a long moment, considering his words, and perhaps his determination.
“Very well,” the wizard rasped. “The process is taxing, so you will need rest in order to endure it. Meet me in the laboratory first thing tomorrow morning, and you will either gain the power you seek, or not.”
“What ‘procedure’?” Criosa asked suspiciously, having followed Aiden out and overheard the conversation. Terinus continued walking, leaving them to discuss the matter.
“To make me like Sayana,” Aiden answered. “I will gain markings similar to hers, and more sorcery than I’ve been able to wield so far, at least, without tapping into… you know.” He raised his clawed hand to demonstrate his point. “To face what’s to come, I need more power and I can’t tap into this anymore without risking a complete transformation. Even now it may be too late to ever revert back to the way I was.”
Criosa examined his claw with one hand, delicately tracing her fingers along the scales in fascination. Then she placed her other hand around the back of his neck, and Aiden knew instantly more scales had grown there as well.
“You were right to call me a monster,” he whispered as he gazed upon her exquisite face. “I’ll understand completely if you want nothing further to do with me, but there was no way I was ever going to leave you in the hands of Osric.” Criosa looked directly into his eyes, and a moment later her lips were upon his and in that moment, all of his fears were dispelled.

*          *          *

 “I'm sorry I had to say those terrible things back at the fall of Fairloch,” Criosa told him as they ate a filling meal of venison and potatoes in his room later that night. “I knew we were being watched, and I had to put on a show for him.”
“You certainly had me fooled,” Aiden replied. 
“I couldn't risk telling you my plans without them finding out,” Criosa added. “Though I detest Osric, I knew this was an opportunity to discover more about his plans and how he'd come to find such power. It was actually enlightening, in some ways.”
“So, you let him...” Aiden prompted suggestively.
“I steered him onto other topics whenever he seemed a little frisky,” she explained. “I learned very early on that simply mentioning his father was enough to quell his desires. A dark cloud would come over him and he would become thoughtful and introspective.”
“I’m not sure I’d be interested in anything he has to say,” Aiden muttered.
“He thinks of me as the one light in his life, you know,” Criosa remarked. “Wanted me to be his bride and confidant. Then Veronique showed up and had him running around doing her work. That vile woman and his father had a terrible influence over him, I swear.”
“This is not exactly a revelation.”
“After talking for some time, Osric would then drink quite a lot. When he passed out, I crept about looking to discover his secrets. Though I'm grateful for the 'rescue', you did arrive a little too soon for me to learn everything.”
“We figured out the rest,” Aiden remarked, giving her an odd glance she didn't miss.
“Are you disappointed you weren’t the dashing hero you thought yourself as?” she chided him. 
“Your insight is astounding,” he drawled. “I had no idea you were that clever.”
“Don’t ever underestimate me, Aiden,” Criosa suggested with a faint smile. “Father’s spymaster, Kinsey, taught me a great deal of his art over the years and I am perfectly capable of putting such knowledge to use.” She turned sad at the mention of her father. Aiden reached out one hand and touched hers, offering her silent support. He looked down and noticed it was his claw he’d used to comfort her, and quickly withdrew it.
“Don’t do that,” she urged, reaching out to him again. “Don’t ever hide who you are from me. There is no judgement here.”
“Even with this?” Aiden suggested, nodding at his claw.
“Do you really think a minor quibble like that would stop me from loving you?” she asked with a faint smile. 
“Actually, yes, but I think that says more about me than it does about you.”
“Quite,” she laughed as she set her utensils down on her empty plate. She took him by the claw and guided him towards the bed where they made ready to sleep. Criosa was more accepting of his transformation than he’d ever dared to dream. She took a moment to examine his naked body, and confirmed that the scales had spread down to his left leg, and along his upper back. 
“This is why I have to risk this procedure Terinus can perform,” Aiden explained in a quiet voice as they lay in bed. “I'm slowly losing myself in this change and there's no sign I won't be needing the power anytime soon. We’re facing those responsible for creating the Ironlord, and other relics we’ve seen at work over the years. If we don’t stop them, the war could simply go on, for they seem set upon making us want to kill each other.”
“It’s a little difficult to grasp, but it could just be my tired mind at work,” Criosa conceded. “Don’t give in just yet, and don’t let my false reaction from a few days ago color your perspective. Let’s talk more about it tomorrow. And for God’s sake, don’t go through with this thing Terinus wants you to try without discussing it more first.”
“Alright, we’ll speak of it at breakfast,” Aiden conceded sleepily. He laid his head down on the pillows and watched the moonlight streaming through the window shine on Criosa’s fair hair. Just one day ago, he thought he’d never experience this again, but his faith in her had been reaffirmed by her open, honest love. 
He awoke at dawn the next morning, weary but somewhat better rested after a night of turbulent dreams. There was something disturbing about them, yet once more he couldn’t remember a thing. Criosa was a heavy sleeper as always, but Aiden still had some difficulty extracting himself from her grasp without waking her. 
Dressing in simple garb, he crept out of the room and carefully closed the door behind him. He hated himself for lying to her, but he had no intention of waiting and talking about the possible ramifications of the procedure. The sight of Sayana’s charred body was enough to prompt his action, and if there were terrible side effects to the process, then so be it. 
“Terinus?” he said quietly as he entered the laboratory. There was no sign of the black-robed wizard, but Nellise was sprawled out on a pile of blankets across the room, fast asleep. His sleep-addled memory returning, Aiden recalled she and Sayana had remained here to continue the healing well into the night. The blankets next to the cleric were empty, and glancing around Aiden spotted the sorceress lying face-down next one of the ancient devices against the wall. Specifically, the one Aiden was supposed to use.
A sense of alarm surged through Aiden as he rushed to her side. Her pulse was strong, and she was still breathing but as he looked down at her, the parts of her skin exposed through her damaged armor were almost completely dark blue. Gasping in horror at what he saw, Aiden looked over and saw the device had indeed been active. The black, articulated spikes that ran along its spine were extruded, and traces of dried blood could be seen on their sharpened tips. 
“Sy?” Aiden yelled, trying to shake her out of her comatose state. Writhing tattoos snaked together in unfathomable tangles along the surface of her body, and when he turned her over and looked upon her face, he scarcely believed what he saw. The tangle of her red hair showed no signs of having been burned away, and her skin was smooth and free from burns. But her once pink skin was completely concealed beneath shining, dark blue markings.
Aiden lifted her in his arms and shook her gently, trying to bring her around. He was momentarily relieved when she finally stirred, but when she opened her eyelids, he gazed upon pupil-less eyes staring up at him, glowing white with power.

Chapter Six

Sayana gazed around the room and took in the scene while trying to focus. The last thing she remembered was the piercing pain of needles jabbing into her spine, mixed with the unrelenting agony of her burned skin. The pain was now gone. Instead, she felt vibrant and light, so light as to be almost weightless.
Her vision was still blurred, but she knew Aiden was holding her in his arms, for she recalled the feeling of them lying together years ago. This time, he was cradling her as though she were about to die, but he was mistaken. She had never felt more alive. 
It was difficult to speak, as there seemed to be differing images swimming together, one atop the other. Sayana concentrated and focused on Aiden’s concerned face. She was startled when everything around her snapped into stark clarity like she’d never before experienced.
The sorceress gasped as she looked upon Aiden, seeing not just the curious young man she had met in the forest years ago, but a dragon surrounded by the husk of a mortal, yearning to assert itself and be free. Sayana had once surmised that Aiden had died in the Akoran Mountains, and the man before her had been remade by Salinder into a sort of composite being. Looking upon him now, she realized how accurate her assessment had been.
Aiden could not have known the full extent of the change he was undergoing. He was more dragon than human now, and every invocation pushed the transformation further and further. More than that, his very thoughts were probably being altered, and he was no longer able to discern the line where his own thoughts ended and the dragon’s began. 
Sayana’s enhanced sight could almost see the ephemeral stitching on Aiden’s soul, where Salinder had attached part of his own in order to save the young man. Was it altruism on the dragon’s part, or perhaps an attempt to cheat death? Sayana could think of no other reasons and felt a pang of loss at the confirmation that Aiden had indeed not survived that fateful day in the mountains.
More of their companions burst into the room, shouting in alarm as they stared down at her in growing concern. Sayana could feel their emotions vibrating in the air, rippling across her skin like a tremor through the earth. Her senses were on fire with stimulation. The light was too bright, their shouts too loud. They mixed with the echoing of random thoughts coming from within their minds, battering Sayana’s consciousness with their inner most feelings.
She cringed for a moment, and with the slightest thought of retreat the noises vanished and the room was calm but for the silent gesticulating of her friends. Realizing she had full control over her senses, Sayana gradually allowed some of the noise to grow until she was comfortable. Feeling more confident, she stood without Aiden’s help and looked down at their disbelieving faces.
Unsure what they were gaping at, she glanced at her feet and saw she was effortlessly hovering twenty inches above the ground. More than that, her skin had been completely covered in tattoos, rendering her dark blue in appearance. She looked up again and saw Robert staring at her, unsure what to make of this sudden change.
“Stand aside,” Terinus instructed as he entered the room, gazing up at Sayana in wonder. 
“What happened?” Criosa asked, staying near the doorway, most likely out of fear. 
“She has undergone the augmentation procedure, despite already having gone through it as a child,” the wizard rasped. Reaching out to his mind, Sayana was surprised to feel a wall of resolve blocking her entry. 
“This is my fault,” Nellise groaned. “I fell asleep instead of keeping watch over her during the night.”
“There’s no way you could have known she would do this,” Pacian responded. Sayana could sense his feelings for the cleric, twisted like a knot within grief, guilt and pride. He truly was as broken as he seemed, but there was something else deep inside, something she couldn’t quite understand. Sayana attempted to probe further but a wall of thought suddenly appeared before her, much as it had with Terinus. 
“Stop that,” the wizard instructed her. He reached for a small device on a nearby bench and pointed it at her. It made a curious chirping noise, and although his expression did not change, the vibrations surrounding his body seemed to become agitated.
“Her body has accepted the additional augmentation,” he rasped. “Remarkable. Sayana, how do you feel?”
I am well, whole in mind, body and spirit, she replied, startling them once more for some reason. 
“Oy, ‘ow did ya speak wiv’out movin’ yer mouth?” Lucas mumbled, having entered the room, all but unnoticed along with Saffron.
“She has become something else,” Terinus answered in awe. “Something greater. A dual augmentation was never attempted. You probably should have died, Sayana. I will have to run some tests… no, what am I saying — we simply don’t have the time.”
“Is she going to be okay?” Robert asked insistently. 
“It hasn’t killed her, and is not likely to,” Terinus postulated. “The question you should be asking is ‘who is she going to become’, for the woman you knew is effectively gone.” Robert came forward and looked at Sayana with uncertain eyes. She descended until her face was level with his and smiled. This did nothing to reassure him. 
“Why did you do this?” he asked quietly.
So I can protect you.
“But you risked everything,” he hissed. “You could have been killed. This was a stupid idea.”
I was broken anyway, she explained impassively. Nellise passed out trying to mend my injuries, for they were beyond even her abilities. I didn’t want my weakness to put Aiden or anyone else in jeopardy, so I took a chance on gaining even more power. Now we have the benefits of the augment without Aiden risking his life. Finally, I can protect you all and make up for the mistakes I’ve made.
“You never had to do that,” Robert chastised her. “We forgave you for dragging us into this tower. We should have talked about this first. This was reckless and foolish of you.”
Her smile faded as she looked at him closely. She hardly noticed his words as she peered through his rugged exterior and saw within a gentleness she had only guessed at until now. Sayana had never seen this side of him before, and just as she was about to delve further, the wall of resistance came into being and blocked her egress.
“You shouldn’t be doing that, Sayana,” Terinus warned. “Ask permission first.”
How are you stopping me? she asked in exasperation.
“I am not unfamiliar with powers of the mind,” the wizard explained briefly. “You will learn how to control your abilities with time and I can guide you, but you must respect the privacy of your companions.”
As you wish, she replied, unconcerned about the trepidation she felt in his voice. 
“Well, this is an unexpected development,” Aiden remarked with an inhuman detachment she had never before noticed. “Can I still undergo the procedure?”
“That was the last one,” Terinus answered without emotion. 
“… What?” Aiden inquired. A storm of anger welled up within him only Sayana could sense. She resolved to be very careful around him, now she understood his true nature.
“The device has been dormant for centuries, and the material required to create the augment was in short supply, given it was seized from the sa’quaarin by my people eons ago. Of all the samples I had remaining, this was the last viable dose. Sayana represents the last of this ancient science, and possibly its greatest achievement.” There was collective silence at this thought while they all considered the implications.
“So, I’m right back where I started,” Aiden grumbled eventually. Criosa took his hand and squeezed it. It was less about providing comfort, and more about silently informing Aiden she was unhappy about something, judging by the level of vibration coming from her body. 
“I have given some thought to our predicament,” Terinus answered, moving past Sayana to a large object concealed by a dusty drape on the far wall. “In little more than a week, the sa’quaarin will learn of our efforts and obliterate this region rather than risk their presence becoming public knowledge. We must move forward.”
“So, we’re okay with all this?” Robert asked mildly, hiking a thumb at Sayana. 
“The augment was designed to turn my people into living weapons for the sa’quaarin,” Terinus explained. “She is, if nothing else, the most successful example of this. So yes, we are ‘okay with this’, for she may well be a match for what we must face. As to your question of last night, Robert, I have formulated an answer. We need equipment, and we cannot find it on this world.”
“How is that an answer?” Pacian pointed out derisively. Terinus responded with a nod to Lucas and Saffron, who pulled down the drape covering the large object, revealing a twisted metal square, two yards in height and across. It was a familiar sight to all of them.
“A portal to another world?” Aiden remarked as they stared in dismay at the ancient device. “The last one we came into contact with was filled with demonic monsters.”
“You speak of the portal in the ruins of old Acadia,” Terinus remarked. “I understand that device was beyond their ability to shut down? Fear not, for I have complete control over this portal.”
“So, you could have helped them?” Aiden mentioned with subtle accusation. “We went through hell trying to close that thing.” The wizard seemed to ponder this for a moment. The stir of feelings amongst the others that mentioning the portal generated was a symphony of sensation to Sayana, but with a dark twist. Criosa still harbored deep feelings about her brief time on the other side, but Nellise remained a figure of lightness amongst her companions. 
The energies suffusing her body were refined and harmonious, and completely unlike that of the people surrounding her. While it was possible the cleric’s faith and meditation over the years may well have developed her spirit to such a high level, Sayana sensed an element to her being that went beyond simple humanity. She was entranced by the interplay of light, and found herself staring at Nellise. The cleric returned Sayana’s inquiring look with a steady gaze, as if she knew she was being analyzed beyond the surface.
“I didn’t know of its activation until the Acadian elves came to Highmarch,” Terinus answered, oblivious to Sayana’s discovery. “As a traitor to my people, I never once considered returning home, and they were unaware of my continuing existence, something I was taking great care to keep hidden. Let us focus on the present, for the past is beyond our ability to alter.”
“What exactly do you have planned for us?” Pacian asked, the distrust evident in his voice.
“We will travel beyond this world and seek the power we need from others,” Terinus explained. “It has been centuries since I last used this device, and never before with such audacity. I will spend today researching some likely destinations, and tomorrow we shall embark.”
“Good, because it’ll take more than one night to get over the beating I took yesterday,” Robert grumbled, gingerly touching the side of his chest.
“I know the feeling,” Aiden added in sympathy. Criosa put her arms around him, causing him to wince and smile at the same time. “Before we head out, we’ll need some equipment for Criosa, too,” Aiden continued. “It’s a nice dress but I suspect the places we’ll be going might require more practical attire.”
“That won’t be necessary,” the princess said with a shake of her head. 
“Take it from me,” Nellise counselled wryly, “You don’t want to be stuck in the middle of a war zone in a confining dress.”
“You misunderstand — I won’t be coming with you,” Criosa answered simply. “Osric may be on the run, and God-willing his brother might just be able to depose him completely, but Aielund is still under the control of the Tulsone army. I am the rightful heir to the throne and I must return to Fairloch at once and wrest control back from them. I would ask you to help, but Aiden has explained the magnitude of what Aielund is facing, and I cannot pull you away from such an important task.”
“You can’t do it alone,” Aiden protested. “Wait until we’re done here and we’ll go to Fairloch together.”
“It can’t be delayed,” Criosa said, pulling back from their extended embrace. “The longer I wait, the harder this will be. Don’t worry, I won’t be alone. Captain Sir Denholm Sherrard and Ronan are still in the city, and I don’t think Maggie Fairweather has departed yet either. We’ll manage. Having said that, finish your work as quickly as you can, in case we can’t manage.”
“Alright, I can see you’ve got your heart set on this,” Aiden responded. “We’re both working for the future survival of Aielund, after all.”
I will help, Sayana said, drawing their attention once more with her curious new way of speaking. When you are ready, Criosa, I will take us directly to Aielund and make sure you will be listened to.
“How?” the princess inquired, attempting to maintain an air of authority while speaking to something quite beyond her understanding.
I think a demonstration of power on your behalf will cower those who would oppose you, Sayana offered. 
“Interesting,” Criosa mused with a slight smile. “I assume you are going to teleport us directly to Fairloch? Let me take care of a few things here first, and then we will depart.”
“What things?” Aiden asked. Criosa answered with a sly grin as she led him back towards their chamber. 
“Is this really the time?” Terinus muttered, glancing at the departing lovers briefly. 
“Love is fleeting,” Pacian answered blandly. “Let them enjoy it while it lasts.”
“It escapes me how you can be simultaneously poetic and gloomy,” Nellise remarked pointedly. 
“Years of practice,” Pacian quipped as he headed towards the hall. “I’ll be resting up, let me know when you’re ready to do something more productive.” Nellise watched him go, then caught Sayana looking at her inquisitively. 
“I don’t particularly want to hear any insights you might have,” the cleric advised as she came closer. “Anyway, are you fully healed under all that… stuff?”
The word you are looking for is ‘conduits’ and yes, I am. I can feel the essence of my body regenerating even now, constantly renewing itself.
“Fascinating. I wonder where the energy is coming from,” Nellise mused thoughtfully.
Outside. 
“Outside where?” Nellise asked curiously.
I believe it is coming from another dimension, another realm of existence, though I cannot be sure at this early stage, Sayana explained with a tilt of her head as she analyzed the flow of energy through her body. It is not dissimilar to your own energies, Nellise.
“What does that mean?” she responded, perhaps a little defensively.
When I look at the flow of energy around your body, it seems to be more than a human would normally produce. You seem to be more than you appear.
“I don’t quite know how to respond to that,” Nellise said, taken aback. “You can see all of this? Perhaps you are noticing my connection to God.”
Only if God has altered your metaphysical form, Sayana postulated. This goes beyond simple faith, Nellise. Who did you say your parents were?
“We’re not getting into that now,” Nellise replied abruptly. “I’m simply too tired to have a discussion on ‘metaphysics’? Goodness me, where did you learn such language?”
It’s all flowing into my mind, a constant stream of knowledge far beyond anything I’ve ever known, Sayana answered, staring past Nellise into nothingness as her mind processed the change within. She dwelled on this for a moment before snapping back to reality. Tend to the injuries of others, for I have no need of your ministrations.
“You heard her Nel,” Robert grunted, “get to work on these ribs. Some of us are still mortal.”
“A little gratitude would be nice,” Nellise admonished him. “We will talk of such things again soon, Sayana. I think you have gained a unique insight we should explore.” As she and Robert left the room, Sayana remained hovering in place with a thousand thoughts going through her mind. 
“I feel I have done something wrong,” Sayana mused aloud.
“You think so eh?” Lucas scoffed as he and Saffron walked past. “Power doesn’t equal wisdom, apparently.”
Thank you, I think, Sayana answered as the two raelani scurried off to continue their duties elsewhere. Terinus appeared to be entirely focused on his research, leaving Sayana with little else to do for the moment. She was free from injury, brimming with energy and full of ideas, which is more than could be said for Robert. She decided to talk with him further after Nellise had a chance to mend him. 
Dismissing her concerns and marveling at the power surging around her, Sayana went to the living area and spent the next few hours experimenting with minor invocations, testing out her capabilities and becoming used to her new limitations. 
She lifted the small objects and pieces of furniture set before the fireplace with ease, startling Lucas when he came through and saw the entire contents of the room perched upside down on the ceiling. Sayana lay on the couch, looking down at the astonished butler until he hurried out of the room.
When she had time to herself in the past, Sayana often enjoyed creating pictures with whatever materials she had handy. There wasn’t anything she could use to paint with in the tower, so she created motes of colored light in the air with a subtle application of energy. Feeling the power cascade over the conduits upon her skin was a tantalizing sensation, and she guessed that the markings had always been a method of gathering power to be distributed by her will. 
There were times when sending out energy was an arduous task, but it came to her so easily now that the slightest thought could create startling effects. She pictured an image in her mind and began to create more misty streams of light with waves of her hands, slowly ‘painting’ in mid-air. She had done this years ago, but never with such detail. 
When Saffron passed through the room on her way about the tower, she was astonished to see the entire common area transformed into a living work of art. The streets of Fairloch, as they had been before the war, came to life. People were walking going about their affairs as Sayana’s memories made them real. Saffron walked about in a daze, only coming to her senses when she attempted to walk into the picture and smacked straight into the wall the images were displayed upon.
Sayana dispelled the living art with a gesture and apologized to Saffron, who shied away from her and found other, more important things to be doing. Sayana was momentarily concerned, but became distracted when she touched the wall. The stone of the tower was ancient, and laced with a dark metal which ran like veins through the structure. When she touched it, Sayana could feel a connection she hadn’t anticipated. 
She could almost sense the earth where the stone had been wrested from, eons ago. There was as stillness within the rock and something more, something akin to music emanating through the very fabric of its existence. 
“Sy?” Robert asked, suddenly appearing at her side. 
You startled me, she remarked, having been lost in the song within the stone. 
“Yeah, I figured that,” Robert grunted. He appeared to be more refreshed and many of the bruises on his skin had cleared up. “Terinus wants us in the lab, unless you’re too busy fondling the wall to join in.”
There’s no need to be unkind, Sayana admonished him, sensing his discomfort. We need to talk about the two of us at some point.
“Later, maybe,” Robert replied. “Work comes first honey, and you promised Criosa a ride to Fairloch.”
I forgot about that completely, Sayana remarked, silently chastising herself for becoming lost in her own pursuits. She flashed past Robert and arrived in the laboratory moments later, where all of her companions awaited her arrival. Both Criosa and Aiden wore dreamy expressions and appeared a little tired. To Sayana’s enhanced sight, they seemed to share the same energies, which caused the ascendant sorceress to blush. 
“Ah, you’re here,” Criosa remarked as she noticed the blue-skinned, red-haired woman float into the room. “It’s well past time I returned home.”
I am sorry for the delay, Highness, Sayana said in apology. I found myself easily distracted.
“I can’t imagine why,” Aiden observed dryly. Sayana glanced at him and wondered if she should warn Criosa about his true nature. Given what they had just shared, it seemed likely the princess was already able to guess much of Aiden’s change.
Sayana quickly turned aside from that line of thought before her enhanced mind could follow it, and provide her with vivid memories of her brief time with the real Aiden, years ago.
“This is where we part ways,” Criosa said to the assembled group, “at least for the present. It is my fond hope you will succeed in your quest and return to Fairloch, alive and well, for I have plans for all of you in the rebuilding of our kingdom.”
“I don’t think I fit into those plans,” Pacian responded. “I’m a wanted criminal in civilized society. When we’re done with this last thing, I’ll be travelling far, far away.”
“Perhaps, though it remains within my power to pardon you for your crimes, if I see fit.”
“Would you?” Pacian challenged her. “Am I deserving of absolution?”
“I will think about it when time permits,” Criosa assured him. “There may be some penance involved, but honestly, if you are willing to risk your life for Aielund, that will go a long way to absolving you of your past indiscretions. It worked for Robert, it can work for you.”
“Yeah, I’m a shining beacon of hope, in an otherwise bleak and desolate existence,” the mercenary said with a straight face.
“You don’t give yourself enough credit, sir,” Criosa said. “Even now you are here, working to help the kingdom with no monetary incentive whatsoever, for which I thank you.”
“Oh, you’ll pay eventually, Highness,” Robert replied with a wink. “You can expect my bill upon our return.”
“The kingdom is bankrupt, so there will be no reward.”
“Bugger. Can I at least keep all the stuff we get?” he asked of Terinus.
“Unlikely, given the power of the equipment I hope to procure,” the wizard rasped. “I do not wish to see it fall into the wrong hands.”
“We’ll talk about that shortly,” Robert said, suggesting he wasn’t giving up just yet. “Well Highness, it’s been a pleasure and a bloody pain in the arse working alongside you.”
“We’ll be done with this in a week or two, then come join you,” Aiden added with a dour look at Robert. 
“I wish I could go with you, but my first duty is to my country,” Criosa replied wistfully. Nellise came forward and embraced her tightly.
“Bless you, Criosa,” she whispered. “Don’t worry, I’ll make sure they get back alive.”
“I can always count on you, Nel,” the princess replied with a fond smile. “And you, Aiden. You’re not as weak as you might think. In spite of everything, you’ve always managed to win at the end of the day and I expect no less of you this time. Above all… come back to me.”
“I promise,” Aiden replied, folding her in a long embrace. When they finally parted, Aiden produced something from his pocket. He held out two familiar amulets, the rare and highly prized phoenix stones he had recently acquired.
“I've been deliberating on who should get these,” he said. “Staving off death could spell the difference between victory and defeat. Who wants one?”
I have no need of such things, Sayana responded. Someone else should gain their benefit.
“Count me out,” Robert grunted. “Coming back from death is the least pleasant thing I've ever gone through, and I've no interest in experiencing it again.”
“My life hasn't been so brilliant that I would wish to prolong it,” Pacian said evenly. “If something is strong enough to take me down, so be it.” Aiden nodded thoughtfully, then looked to Nellise.
“It strikes me the two of you stand to benefit the most,” she hinted, looking to both Aiden and Criosa. “You are the only heir to the throne, Criosa, and if — heaven forbid — something were to happen to you, the kingdom would degenerate into a struggle for who would control the throne. The last thing Aielund needs now is more infighting, so I would suggest you take one of those stones.”
“Sound advice,” Aiden agreed. 
“You should take the other, Aiden, nobody else is going to and I hate to say it, but you seem to be the most vulnerable of us.”
“How astute of you to notice, Nel,” he grumbled, handing one of the stones to Criosa. A spark of excitement appeared in her eyes and she caught Aiden's attention with a light touch of her hand. She raised the necklace over his head, and placed it around his neck. Catching on, he reciprocated, placing his stone around her neck in a manner not unlike the exchange of rings during a wedding ceremony. Evidently, Sayana wasn't the only one to notice this.
“I now pronounce you hopeless romantics,” Nellise remarked with a roll of her golden eyes and a broad smile, drawing embarrassed laughs from both of them. 
“When you get back, we'll talk about the real thing,” Criosa suggested, giving Aiden a chaste kiss. She smoothed down her dress and turned to Terinus, with all trace of levity quickly vanishing from her face. 
“I may pardon Robert and Pacian for their past actions, but your crimes, sir, I can never forgive. They are of such magnitude, only God can pass judgement.”
“If my plan is successful, I think it will go a long way towards atonement,” the wizard rasped. “But no, I neither expect nor want forgiveness. I live only for vengeance, and I shall have it.” Criosa considered this for a moment, then nodded in understanding before turning to Sayana.
“Alright Sy, show me what you can do.”
I shall return in a few minutes, Sayana said to the others. Then, she pictured the main street of Fairloch within her mind and with a shunt of directed energy, parted reality around them. The violet swirl of mist that was the Aether surrounded the two women, and a heartbeat later, the image of the street became reality. She had successfully teleported them with pinpoint precision, something even accomplished wizards would have trouble with.
A cool autumn breeze ruffled their hair as Criosa and Sayana stood in the middle of the street. Around them, the rubble caused by the events of their last visit had been mostly cleared, enough for the citizens to begin moving around anyway. Behind them, the empty space where the castle once stood loomed over the street, its absence casting more of a shadow than the building ever did. 
The people working in the street hadn’t noticed their arrival, and became startled when they turned and saw two striking women standing in their midst.
“Pardon me, sir,” Criosa asked of a burly man in dusty clothes. “We are looking for Sir Gabriel Duquesne. Do you happen to know where he has set up his administration?”
“The senate building, m’lady,” the man replied, recovering from surprise. He stared at Sayana, who merely hovered over the dusty street impassively.
“Thank you,” Criosa said with aplomb, and then glanced at the sorceress. Taking her cue, Sayana pictured the senate building in her mind and shunted them directly to its steps. Unlike other parts of the city, the senate district seemed to have survived more or less intact. This time their arrival caused a stir, as a platoon of Tulsonite infantry standing guard at the front of the illustrious building immediately drew their weapons, and watched the newcomers with uncertainty. 
“Fetch your commander,” Criosa ordered an armored man who towered over her. Sayana had always been impressed with the way the petite woman wielded authority, without the need for weaponry or magic to back her up. The soldier, used to taking orders, nodded and bellowed out a request in Tuscara. 
Moments later, the double doors burst open and Sir Gabriel marched out with his entourage in tow. He was no less imperious than he had always appeared, with his neatly groomed moustache, piercing eyes and chiseled jaw. His gaze swept over the scene and alighted not on Sayana but on Criosa, whom he recognized immediately. 
“Princess Criosa. It is both a surprise and an honor to see you here once more,” he greeted her in his rigid voice. “To what do I owe this pleasure?”
“Sir Gabriel, you are well I trust?” Criosa responded politely, without expecting an answer. “I see you’ve been putting my city back together again, for which you have my thanks. Your services will no longer be required however, as there has been a change of leadership in your homeland.”
“I do not understand,” Sir Gabriel intoned with furrowed brow. 
“Quite simply, sir, I would like you to remove yourself and your army from my city,” Criosa answered succinctly. “If you return to Lanfall, you will discover the answers you seek. I am reclaiming Fairloch as my own and as a gesture of good faith, will allow you and your forces one day to depart.”
“Preposterous,” Sir Gabriel laughed along with his aides. “My authority comes directly from the King of Tulsone, and I do not recognize your authority Criosa.”
“You will address me as Queen Criosa, or Your Majesty,” Criosa instructed mildly.
“I will do no such thing,” Sir Gabriel snorted.
I will do no such thing, ‘Your Majesty’, Sayana prompted, drawing his attention for the first time since their arrival. His eyes widened at her appearance, both in recognition and astonishment.
“Sayana Arai? Is that really you?” he stammered.
Hello General. I am here to ensure the will of the queen is carried out.
“King Osric installed me as governor of this city, and I will not relinquish my station to her or anyone else. Criosa, bring me Osric’s orders with his official seal and—” 
You are speaking to the Queen of Aielund, Sayana thundered in their minds, sending motes of dirt vibrating across the ground within a large radius. YOU WILL KNEEL OR BE KNELT. She levitated higher into the air and, with an outstretched hand, she reached out to his mind and forced Sir Gabriel to his knees. He gasped but was unable to resist her will.
The effect upon the gathering crowd was stunning. One by one they followed suit, until everybody was kneeling before the young queen. Criosa looked up at Sayana, almost as surprised as everyone else. The thunder of boots approached from the south as dozens of soldiers approached their position. Their archers took aim at Sayana with their crossbows and shot at her.
Sayana sensed it coming before they had even pulled the triggers. A large kite shield being held by one of the soldiers flew out of his grasp and hovered in the air before Sayana, intercepting most of the bolts aimed at her. Those that passed were incinerated with a wave of her hand. She had no desire to kill these men, and immediately thought of a way to deal with them safely.
Summoning vast energies, she reached out and sent a rippling wave of warped reality over the oncoming army. The soldiers disappeared in little puffs of violet smoke, sending up a wail of protest from the General.
“You are a monster!” he gasped, still unable to rise to his feet. Criosa merely stood and watched, agape at the display of her power.
Do not be concerned, she assured them. I have merely sent your army back to Tulsone. Your power base is gone, General, so you should probably listen to what the queen has to say.
“The entire army?” Sir Gabriel mumbled. “How is this possible? I…” 
Does the queen have your cooperation, or shall I send you home as well? 
“I will listen,” the general muttered, crestfallen. 
Good. Majesty, will you have further need of me?
“I believe you have made our position abundantly clear,” Criosa replied slowly. “Thank you for your assistance. I believe I can handle things from here.”
I will be viewing ongoing events remotely, and if I sense any danger for the queen or her associates, I will return, General, and I will not show as much restraint. The shield dropped to the ground with a resounding clang which shook the stunned onlookers out of their reverie. Sayana summoned an image of the Black Tower’s laboratory and with a casual thought, teleported back through the Aether.  

Chapter Seven

“There’s something I’ve been meaning to ask you all,” Aiden said to the others after Sayana disappeared with Criosa in tow. “Why are you still here?”
“As far as questions go, that one was rather abrupt,” Nellise remarked. “Could you clarify it a little?”
“You and Pacian got wrapped up in this business by accident,” Aiden began to explain as he settled into a chair. “So, did Sayana for that matter, and Robert was simply doing his usual work for money. But the war is over now and none of you are being forced to continue with this particular mission.”
“He means ‘why haven’t I run off yet?’ Pacian supplied dryly. 
“I should think my motives were obvious,” Nellise answered. “The future of the kingdom is at stake, and I am nothing if not dedicated to its continued existence. I suspect, however, you weren’t referring to me.”
“Not exactly, no,” Aiden confirmed, looking to Robert and Pacian. “We’ve no hold over you Pace, and you’re right to think that you will be brought to account for your crimes at some point. Yet here you are.”
“Here I am,” Pacian responded, looking up at the ceiling. “There is the prospect of a pardon, but honestly, it feels disingenuous. It’s a nice thought, to start over again hundreds of miles from here. I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t tempted to vanish, but regardless of what you all think of me, I still feel like I owe you my loyalty for one final task. Maybe it’ll help assuage my guilt a little more if I finish what we started.”
Nellise gave him a weak smile and put her hand on his, the closest thing to affection that had occurred between them for a long time. 
“I take it you’ve stayed on for the chance of revenge against Osric,” Aiden suggested to Robert.
“You better believe I am,” he replied. “He owes me hundreds of gold sovereigns for bringing his damned army through the Fens, and he welched on the deal. I was hoping to take a chunk out of his hide as payment, but the slippery little bastard got away, clean as a whistle. You want to know why I’m still here? I’m going to hunt him down when we’re done with this ‘the world is ending’ thing, and make him regret breaking the deal.”
“So, it’s not for any other reason?” Aiden prompted. As if on cue, Sayana reappeared in the room in a flash if violet light. She staggered to one side as her feet hit the floor, almost collapsing and the mercenary leaped forward to steady her, giving Aiden his answer. Things seemed to be strained between them, but clearly she was still a factor in Robert’s continuing presence.
“What happened?” he asked with concern. 
“I think I just found my limits,” Sayana said with her spoken voice, strained from sudden fatigue. 
“Is Criosa okay?” Aiden asked worriedly.
“She is,” the sorceress confirmed, leaning on Robert for support. “I sent most of the occupying force back to Tulsone so they won’t have anything to fight with. Even now, Criosa is gathering allies within the city.”
“You teleported how many people against their will, exactly?” Terinus asked, somewhat incredulous. 
“Four hundred and fifty-three,” Sayana answered. “It wasn’t done individually though. Technically it was one invocation. There are still mercenary units within the city limits, but they’re not actively involved with the occupation anymore.”
“Four hundred and fifty-three,” Terinus repeated quietly. “The benefits of your additional augmentation appear to be exponential, but you are still mortal. Do not forget that.”
“I’ll be fine,” Sayana said, shrugging off his warning. Aiden exchanged a wide-eyed glance with Pacian at this casual dismissal of such an exercise of power.
“As you say,” Terinus remarked. “Now, to the task at hand. I have searched the tower’s records and uncovered several destinations which should yield results. It seems there is another vault, an obscure reliquary likely storing powerful relics which could aid us.”
“You’re just finding out about this now?” Aiden asked.
“I knew of its existence. Finding it was another matter. One small caveat — the reliquary is most certainly guarded, but I believe I know the guard and will be able to ask for their help.”
“And this person is simply going to hand over their prized possessions?” Pacian inquired.
“There may be some persuading involved,” Terinus conceded. “We do share a common enemy in the sa’quaarin, and I hope this will be enough.”
“You’re not telling us the whole story, are you,” Nellise remarked. “Your language suggests this ‘individual’ isn’t exactly friendly.”
“You are as perceptive as ever,” Terinus replied with a slight bow of his head. “It is a long story, one you will understand better when you meet her. I have some more preparations to make before we can use this ancient portal, and we could all do with another night’s sleep before we embark first thing in the morning. Lucas will provide you with your evening’s meal and supplies for the journey.”
One by one they filed out of the lab toward their rooms. Aiden closed the door behind him and slumped onto the bed, unaware of just how tired he was until presented with an opportunity for rest. He dozed off briefly, awakened only when Lucas entered the room with a platter of food for his evening meal. 
“Ow’s the ol’ body ‘angin together, mate?” he asked as Aiden sat up. “Saffy put together some nifty little ‘ealing potions if you still feel a bit banged up.”
“I’ll take whatever’s going,” Aiden mumbled, still feeling the bruises from the confrontation with Veronique. Lucas handed him a trio of tiny glass vials, which Aiden proceeded to uncork and drink without hesitation. The odd taste made him shudder, but the tingling in his wounds told him the tonics were working.
“And here’s something sweet to knock out that bloody awful taste,” Lucas chuckled, revealing a plum pudding, along with the evening meal of roast chicken. 
“I see you’ve had these tonics before,” Aiden remarked to the butler’s ever-widening grin. He was reminded of something Veronique had said to Terinus on their first meeting — something about a plague. “Before you go,” Aiden said, “I wanted to ask you what your life was like before coming here.”
“Weren’t nothin’ special, just a cook at a local tavern in Brigham,” Lucas answered with a  shrug. “But I don’t think you mean to ask about my boring old job, do ya?”
“I’m curious about this plague that hit your town,” Aiden admitted. “Do you have any idea how it started?”
“Vermin bringin’ in disease, most likely,” Lucas answered plainly. “I ‘aven’t really gone into it too much, even with all the years I’ve ‘ad on me ‘ands. It was a dark time, y’know? Not really somethin’ I want to reminisce about.”
“I don’t mean to stir up bad memories,” Aiden said apologetically, “Terinus rescued you, yes? Do you have any idea why?”
“Probably boundless generosity in ‘is part,” Lucas suggested dryly. “I did ask ‘im about it one day, decades ago. Says he just ‘appened to be in the area at the time, is all. Did what he could to help against the plague but there’s no stoppin’ some of these things.”
“No, I guess there isn’t,” Aiden nodded slowly. “I’m sorry to dredge that up. I was just curious. I’ll let you get back to work.”
“Yeah ‘cause I love it so much,” Lucas chortled, shrugging off the brief darkness that had passed over his eyes. “Eat up before your food gets cold.” 
Aiden went about demolishing the platter of food after Lucas left the room, more ravenous than he thought he’d be when he was interrupted by a voice in his mind.
What was that about? Sayana inquired. Aiden glanced around, and even focused his vision to see if she was somewhere in the room, invisible to the unaided eye. 
“Are you eavesdropping on me now?” he said to the apparently empty room. 
Not intentionally, she answered, but I’m finding it difficult to shut things out. My hearing is exceptionally good.
“That’s an understatement,” Aiden remarked. “I was just following a line of thought with Lucas.”
You suspect Terinus unleashed that plague on the raelani?
“Maybe,” Aiden hedged, unwilling to condemn the man quite so quickly. “I was more interested in why he saved Lucas and Saffron. Guilt? Compassion? I don’t know, maybe it’s not even important.”
Terinus has all but admitted his responsibility for atrocities in the past, Sayana pointed out. I would not put it past him to have tested out a plague as a method of culling a population. Forgive my callousness, but that has been his task for centuries.
“Yet he strives to undo the damage and take a stab at his masters, the ones pulling the strings,” Aiden remarked. “Perhaps you should give him the benefit of the doubt.” Sayana did not answer, leading him to believe his observation had hit home. “Anyway, you should get some rest. We’ll be relying on you a lot in the coming days.”
Goodnight, Aiden, Sayana replied. I’ll try not to spy on your dreams. 
“That’s comforting,” he answered sarcastically as he stripped off his clothes and climbed into bed, wondering how things were going for Criosa and feeling somewhat guilty he wasn’t by her side. His thoughts drifted to the journey he would undertake tomorrow, and lacking details, his mind filled in the blanks with worrisome images.

*          *          *

Aiden was roused by the chattering of voices, but when he rolled over and opened his eyes, he saw only the empty room. If he dreamt, he recalled nothing of it once again. It was a little disturbing, particularly after years of vivid dreams permeating his sleep. 
He went about his morning ritual, and emerged shortly thereafter in his travelling gear, ready to go at a moment’s notice. The others had already gathered at the laboratory, similarly dressed for whatever the day would bring. Nellise and Robert wore quality clothing but were forced to leave their heavily damaged armor behind. Sayana watched him curiously, hovering above the floor once more as she drifted over.
We need to speak for a moment, she said softly within his mind, lightly touching his arm and moving him in the direction of the door he just came through.
“Is it important?” Aiden inquired curiously, drawing a shrug from Nellise who watched their interaction from afar. 
I watched your dreams last night, Aiden, Sayana confessed. I’m sorry — I really tried not to but I didn’t sleep at all and it just sort of happened. 
“Maybe that’s what I heard?” Aiden pondered, not overly concerned about the breach of privacy. “I awoke to the sound of voices but there was nobody there.”
This isn’t the first time, is it?
“The last few nights have been like this, ever since Fairloch. Look, don’t worry about it. I can’t even recall what I dreamed about.”
That’s just it, Aiden. I don’t know either. Your mind was a blank, as if you weren’t even there at all.
“Should I be concerned?” Aiden asked, slightly worried. 
It’s certainly not normal, she confided. Robert’s mind was quite active as he slept and I had no trouble reading him. It was… interesting. This ability is completely new to me, and although I can see many things, I’m not entirely sure how to interpret them. How do you feel?
“As normal as ever,” Aiden answered with a shrug, glancing at his clawed hand. “Aside from the obvious of course.”
“Is there a problem?” Terinus rasped from just behind them, giving Aiden a start. 
“Nope, everything’s brilliant,” he drawled, wiggling his taloned fingers. “Are we ready to go? I’m kind of eager to have done with this entire business.” The wizard’s ancient eyes scrutinized him, and then with one sweep of his arm he gestured for them to proceed into the lab.
Aiden gave Sayana a reassuring wink as he passed by, before joining the rest of them. Terinus headed straight for the portal’s controls and began entering a sequence of sigils, oblivious to their communication. A dull hum filled the room as the device came to life, a sound which brought back all sorts of memories. 
“I don’t like to be influenced by the past,” Nellise said, “but I find myself reluctant to step through that thing.” The wall of the room, visible through empty space in the center of the twisted metal, began to fade, replaced by shifting violet light as the humming sound grew in strength. 
“The transition to another world is perfectly safe,” Terinus assured her. “What happens on the other side depends on us. To reach the reliquary, we will have to travel through the Aether. Our destination will bear some similarity to this world, so you will not experience discomfort for too long.”
“You know the way?” Nellise inquired absently, her golden eyes entranced by the display of color.
“I do” he confirmed, pausing to gaze briefly at each of them in turn. They stood in nonchalant poses, appearing to be experienced veterans about to conduct another expedition, yet all of them were lacking something intangible. “I am sensing a degree of trepidation from you,” Terinus rasped. “Though we are about to travel to distant places nobody from this world has looked upon in eons, it is not beyond you.”
“I’m just gonna speak for myself here,” Robert drawled. “This is what we in the business call ‘mission creep’. You recruited us to help kill your masters, but now we’re going to be gallivanting around God-knows-where. The Aether? I know I project an image of handsome confidence, but do I really strike you as the sort of person accustomed to wandering through the planes of existence? What happens if this doesn’t pan out? Where to next? This isn’t what I signed on for.”
“I’m not entirely enthusiastic myself,” Pacian added, “though I do see the need for it.”
“Has the threat of obliteration not convinced you of the urgency of this quest?” Nellise inquired.
“What threat?” Robert countered. “All we have to go on is the word of a mass murderer. Given what happened between you and that mad woman Veronique, I have to wonder if we’ve been duped into settling some personal vendettas of yours, ‘Terry’.”
“Do you think I am bluffing?” Terinus asked, locking eyes with the mercenary. “Do you think I lie to achieve my own ends? Perhaps you are right — perhaps my word is not enough. You need to see with your own eyes.” With that, he slammed the base of his staff into the floor and a brilliant light engulfed the room. Aiden shielded his eyes for a moment, and when he was able to see once more the laboratory had vanished.
They stood upon a verdant plain with long grass swaying in the warm breeze which stirred the air. In the distance, the sounds of a thriving city could be heard. Aiden saw tall, graceful spires reaching to the sky, surrounded by buildings of a more solid design. The city was magnificent, making Fairloch look like a cluster of hovels by comparison.
“Is this some sort of trick?” Robert spat, glaring at Terinus. 
It is a vision, but it was real, once, Sayana answered. It is a living image of a place long since vanished.
“Sohcareb,” Terinus confirmed. “The capital of the Kingdom of Hocarum. We stand on what you know of as the Hocarum Desert, right before the great tragedy struck. These were the final moments of its existence, recorded here for posterity. For decades, they had been creating advanced science and magic, which was soon to become a threat to the sa’quaarin. They had tried lesser measures to curtail the advance of civilization, but in the end, resorted to this solution.”
As Terinus finished speaking, a lance of fire shot down from the heavens and burned the city in a blaze the likes of which Aiden had never imagined. Buildings were torn apart and evaporated in the inferno, sending up a swirl of dust and debris which began to obscure the view. A blast of hot air swept over Aiden and the others but he barely felt it. The effect reminded Aiden of the original Battle of Highmarch he had witnessed over and over in his dreams.
The distant screams of the dying population were cut off as the entire area, including the land beneath Aiden’s feet was scorched and turned to silt. As the conflagration spread, Terinus waved his staff once more and the image vanished as suddenly as it had appeared, leaving them standing wide-eyed and agape within the quiet of the laboratory.
“This tower would be the primary target of this weapon they call the ‘orbital lance’. The devastation would lay waste to most of Aielund, should we fail to stop it,” the wizard rasped soberly. “Your presence is not required, as such. Only Aiden need journey with me, should the rest of you wish to withdraw from this endeavor. I would have your answer — do I have your support?”
The silence in the lab was deafening. Aiden wasn’t the only one to be shaken to the core by the sight of that once magnificent city being obliterated from on high. It took a moment for the others to compose themselves and answer.
“I would give my life before I allow that to happen to my beloved country,” Nellise uttered with a shaking voice. “I am with you.”
“The sight of an entire city dying puts my crimes in perspective,” Pacian growled, his gloves creaking as he tightened his grip on the scythe. “Maybe if I help you kill them, I might yet find redemption.”
I certainly didn’t undergo this transformation to sit idly by while monsters of this magnitude threaten the lives of people I have come to care about, Sayana added to the growing chorus. Take me to them, and I shall burn them from existence.
“I was already on board,” Aiden said quietly, “but now I’m in it, heart, mind and soul. What about you, Robert? Convinced?”
“This sword of yours is the finest I’ve ever seen,” Robert said to Terinus thoughtfully, “but we’re going to need something bigger. What good are swords against the sort of power you just showed us? Get me a real weapon and I’ll jam it down their throats.”
“That is precisely our purpose here today,” Terinus nodded, satisfied. “Steel yourselves for the journey to come, and we will be successful, I promise. Stay close to me, as the realm we are about to enter is without limit, and it would be a shame if you became lost. Come.” With that, Terinus stepped through the arch and vanished into the swirling curtain of light. One by one they followed, with Aiden the last to pass through.
It reminded him of the time he had walked through the Aether near Feybourne to bypass an impenetrable barrier. A swirling mass of color and form not dissimilar to water pervaded his senses. They moved with ease, drifting through a mirror of the real world. Trees from the forest surrounding the Black Tower could be seen through the fog, and the ground in which he had stood was now far below Aiden’s feet.
Ahead, Terinus gestured for them to follow. The others drifted forward, slowly becoming used to the fluid medium. Speech was not possible in this realm, but Sayana had a way around that.
I can easily convey your thoughts to the others, she explained softly in their minds. 
“This is so strange,” Robert grumbled in their minds as he floated awkwardly in the Aether. 
“It’s not unlike the teleport incantation which took us to the desert on our escape from Fairloch,” Nellise remarked, “without the bone-shaking terror of course.”
Pacian seemed to be getting the hang of it though, for he glided about with remarkable precision, earning a glowering stare from Robert in the process.
“Enough play,” Terinus chastised them. “We have quite a journey ahead of us, so please focus.” Dismissing their curiosity, the rest of the group followed the wizard as he increased his speed. The ground beneath them faded into the mist and the colors slowly deepened towards dark blue and purple. Aiden’s eyes began to play tricks on him as they travelled, giving him the impression of both a thick, encircling fog and the deepest vista imaginable at the same time.
It was a far cry from their last visit to this strange realm. As Nellise had pointed out, their flight through the Aether had been a terrifying experience, but it had been the wild magic which flung them about so readily, not the Aether itself. This was a tranquil, almost serene experience which seemed to go on for hours.
There was little sign of life here, though it was by no means barren. Aiden was startled as something immense obscured the ambient light cascading through the Aether for a moment, but if it noticed the tiny mortals passing through its home, it paid them no heed. Still, Aiden breathed easier once it had receded into the mist once more.
From amidst the swirling mass, a tiny sparkle of light could be seen, a point of solid matter they were gradually moving towards. As they closed in, Aiden recognized the object as another portal, much like the one they had stepped through to come here. It floated on a chunk of flat rock torn from the ground, drifting silently ahead. 
Though it lay dormant, Terinus quickly brought the portal to life by tracing the obscure sigils on its control surface. A curtain of white light sprang into existence in the center of the arch, and the wizard drifted through to whatever lay on the other side. Aiden followed, and once he passed through the curtain of light his eyes took in the scene.
It was dark, but flickering torches ensconced along a wall of crumbling stone provided enough light to see by. The air was thin, as if they had climbed to a great altitude. A wide-open space, much like a courtyard, opened up before them, and the portal they had just come through rested on the edge of ancient flagstones. Looking back as the others came through, Aiden felt a sudden sense of vertigo as he stared at a maelstrom of violet light, which was practically within arm’s reach. They stood on an island of reality in the eye of a storm within the Aether.
“What is this place?” Nellise breathed in awe.
“Another sa’quaarin vault, didn’t you say?” Aiden asked in a small voice.
“A reliquary,” Terinus corrected as he began to walk across the open expanse, the click of his staff echoing along the empty walls. “And not sa’quaarin, but Acadian. My people were cautious, hiding away their most prized relics in a place nobody would ever find. Though their cities may have crumbled away, this edifice continues on in a place without time.”
“If this place has a portal,” Robert mused, “what was the point of that trip through the Aether? Couldn’t we have come here directly?”
“This portal only accepts connections with one other, the portal we came through,” Terinus explained. “In the infinite expanse of the Aether, one must know precisely where to find it, or it remains hidden.”
They fell quiet as they moved through the silent hall, a place which reminded Aiden of the Acadian palace they had once visited, years ago. The sweeping hall of carved stone imitated the greenery of the world it had once been a part of. It had a haunted feel to it, as if the spirits of those who once lived here had remained, despite the long centuries. Presently, they arrived at a chamber just off the main hall which took Aiden’s breath away.
It resembled a library, with row upon row of shelves stretching off into the distance. Although not very wide, the chamber seemed to disappear beyond sight. Ancient tomes sat upon the dusty shelves, illuminated by small glass spheres with steady white light. Aiden’s mind whirled at the possibilities before him, thinking of the ancient magic that could be contained on those shelves.
“This is staggering,” Pacian breathed as he took in the view. “Why did we even bother with that other place you took us to first?” A pile of rock in the shadows, unnoticed in the immensity of their surroundings began to shift and stir. Each rock piled on top of the other, forming legs, then a craggy torso and massive arms, and finally a head with blazing eye sockets and a gaping maw.
“Because it is forbidden,” Terinus answered Pacian belatedly as they looked up at a towering construct of stone. Aiden felt his heart race as the immense thing stomped slowly towards them. As one, they reached for their weapons, but were halted by a raised hand from Terinus. The golem’s eyes locked on the wizard, and when it finally came to a stop it had clearly singled him out from the crowd.
“Terinus Arai,” a lyrical but disembodied feminine voice echoed from the depths of the monster, as unexpected as anything else in this place. “You should not have returned. If you thought the passing of a millennium would dull my memory, you were mistaken.” The sound of grinding stone caught Aiden’s attention, and looking around he saw the doorways close, sealed off by tons of living rock. 
“Maybe you should get in contact with the woman controlling this thing,” Nellise suggested, staying calm in the face of the construct.
“This is her,” the wizard responded, much to the astonishment and confusion of the others. “Janthiir,” he rasped, addressing the golem, “I did not come here to steal or plunder, nor am I working at the behest of my masters. I speak to you not as a puppet of the sa’quaarin, but as a cousin looking for aid.”
“Lies,” the woman’s voice accused, clenching one of its massive fists and sending it hurtling towards the wizard to stop only inches from his face. Sayana, her arms raised as if holding back the fist with sheer force of will, drifted forward with her eyes blazing white.
I can’t let you do that, she warned, drawing the construct’s attention. 
“Your pet sorcerer will not save you,” Janthiir remarked in a detached fashion. 
“I do not control her, nor do my masters,” Terinus explained. “She is subject only to her own will, as am I. I tell you again, I do not work for the sa’quaarin. I seek to thwart their designs and shake off the yoke of centuries.” The construct seemed to consider this for a moment, thinking and acting as if it were a real person. Could it really hold the mind of a once-living soul within its rocky depths? Aiden knew little of the creation of such constructs, but the evidence stood right before him.
“Even if what you say is true,” Janthiir said, “you know well the contents of this reliquary are forbidden. I am honor-bound to prevent anyone taking them, and here, in this place, my will cannot be denied.”
“This cache was made to store weapons and equipment against the day when they are needed to fight the Enemy,” Terinus replied. “I am telling you that day has arrived. Though we are far removed from our origins, we are still connected, you and I. Our minds were trained in the halls of Acadia, and we both still desire to protect our legacy. I do not ask this lightly, Janthiir, for we have both sacrificed much to come this far — my soul, and your body. But we can still make a difference, if you are willing.”
The construct stood perfectly still, staring down at Terinus. It was an earnest speech, but appealing to the feelings of a being whose heart was literally made of stone may not have been the best course of action. 
“Countless lives were lost in the creation of this reliquary,” Janthiir intoned. “I cannot dishonor their sacrifice by altering the rules of my existence. The relics contained within are far too dangerous to fall into the wrong hands. I have lost my body, for transferring my mind to this form was the only way to carry out my oath. You spurned everything you were raised to believe in, and through an act of cowardice became enslaved to the enemy we long sought to defeat. Do not think to compare us to each other.”
“It was wrong of me to suggest it,” Terinus replied soberly with a slight inclination of his head. “I come here in supplication, hoping to make use of our one opportunity to strike back at the sa’quaarin. These people have agreed to help, risking their lives and those of their people to aid me, but if I cannot convince you of the urgency of this moment, I will ask only that you permit us to leave and find the weapons we need elsewhere.”
Aiden held his breath as the construct pondered this. He silently hoped there was enough of the woman she had once been still alive within the stone to see their need, and help them. 
“I had my doubts about Terinus too, but he went to great lengths to make his case,” he said, drawing the attention of her fiery eyes. “Would it help if we vowed to return them when we are done? Having seen the power of some of the sa’quaarin relics first-hand, I have no problem relinquishing them after our task is complete.”
“I see you understand the nature of true power,” Janthiir remarked, looking down at his clawed hand. Aiden had forgotten to cover it in a glove before leaving, having found acceptance in Criosa’s loving embrace. In hindsight, he probably should have kept it covered. 
“Yes, I have power at my fingertips,” he answered, “but power comes with a price, which I have learned all too well. We don’t seek the power you guard for ourselves. We wish to protect those who cannot protect themselves. Against the power of the sa’quaarin, who else can?” Nellise caught his eye, giving him a nod of approval. It was also possible she was just pleased he had actually listened to one of her sermons for once. Janthiir considered this for a moment, and then turned to Sayana.
“You bear the markings of the enemy’s weapon,” Janthiir remarked to the sorceress. “Never have I seen such an extensive transformation. Tell me, is this the result of Terinus’ experiments?”
I chose this for myself, Sayana informed her. Terinus did offer it to another, but the risks were too great. Having already undergone the procedure once in my life, I felt I was best equipped to survive another. Like you, I felt it was necessary, though I will never be the same again.
“You speak well in his defense,” Janthiir responded. “I find your case compelling, and though there are many reasons for me to cast you back into the Aether, I find myself moved to aid you.” Aiden breathed a sigh of relief as the tension evaporated. The walls unsealed and revealed the exit, but Janthiir made no effort to evict them from the reliquary. More walls slid open along the sides, revealing row after row of astonishing weaponry and armor.
“That’s just great,” Robert said with a relieved grin on his face. “So… what have you got?”

Chapter Eight

Sayana was forced to squint against the intensity of magic radiating from the equipment lining the walls. Although Janthiir opened only a small section of the vault, it was clear to Sayana’s enhanced vision the place was literally glowing with arcane power. The elves of Acadia had invested considerable effort to ensure the edifice withstood the passage of time.
The construct itself was fascinating. Janthiir’s aura was visible through the barrel-like chest of stone, and it surprised Sayana with its simple, calm energy. The sorceress knew from personal experience that emotions were very much seated in the body, and it was entirely possible the transference into a form that did not age had detached Janthiir from the feelings she knew when she was mortal. Serenity was a curious by-product of the process, one which allowed her spirit to endure.
Given the age of the construct, Sayana was certain Janthiir’s language would have been indecipherable to all of them except Terinus. Even if she knew how to speak a thousand-year old variant of Aielish, it would have been just as impractical. The simple fact they could understand her, and the rather stilted manner of her speech indicated some sort of translation magic was at work. Sayana was able to identify and follow a thread of energy between her and Janthiir, which seemed to be connected to this process.
“Is this the equipment you would wield against the sa’quaarin?” Janthiir asked after taking in their appearance with eyes of brilliant fire. “You will not last a minute on the battlefield against their might.”
“A lot can happen in a minute,” Robert replied, “but I’m the first to admit our gear is… lacking.”
“Your sword,” Janthiir noted, staring at the greatsword strapped to Robert’s back. For the first time since their meeting, Sayana detected a strong current of emotion in her voice. “It is Aeon Invictus, my final creation. I thought it lost in the assault on the Akashic Throne. How did you acquire it?”
“I brought it back with me, upon my return as their agent,” Terinus explained. “It has been hanging on my wall, in a place which does not age, ever since. It is fitting the weapon will be used to fight the sa’quaarin once again.”
“What is the ‘Akashic Throne’?” Nellise inquired. 
“Akashic is an ancient word for ‘sky’, and refers to what we call the sa’quaarin fortress,” Terinus answered. “It resides high above the surface, and from their lofty throne they look down upon this world of Aeos as if they rule it.”
“I will grant one item from the vault for each of you, to aid in this task,” Janthiir intoned. “I am bending the words of my oath doing even this much. I dare not grant more, lest the day come when this arsenal is needed in earnest. Choose.”
“Armor,” Robert requested as his eyes drifted to the glittering treasures only yards away. A shelf extended out from the wall with the sound of grinding stone, upon which lay a suit of shining plate armor. 
“I oversaw the crafting of many suits of this armor during the latter years of my tenure in Acadia,” Janthiir explained as Robert went in for a closer look. “Mail fashioned of chain links was always the most popular style, yet I believed a suit of solid plates would provide more protection. The additional weight of quality steel was not appreciated by warriors accustomed and trained for full freedom of movement, so I sourced rare and precious vythir for these suits. Only five were made, intended for use by officers and dignitaries who wore them with honor, until the end.”
“An entire suit of vythir,” Robert breathed in astonishment as he examined a gauntlet. “As much as I’d love to wear this, it’s not going to be big enough. Acadian elves aren’t the heftiest people I’ve ever met.”
“You underestimate me,” Janthiir admonished him. She raised one blocky stone hand and each piece of the suit lifted into the air and flew towards her. The sound of metal being bent and reshaped by invisible forces was heard as the ancient artificer adjusted it to suit Robert’s bulkier frame. Sayana was suitably impressed by the subtle manipulation of energy, and within moments each piece of the suit attached itself to Robert’s body until he was fully clad in the resilient, gleaming metal.
“Okay, I’ll take it,” he said, affecting only mild interest as he flexed his gauntleted fists. Sayana could sense the excitement he sought to keep in check bubbling under the surface, as was his way. She smiled slightly at his little quirks, finding them as enchanting as always. Janthiir turned to Nellise, who glanced over the items on display looking for something in particular.
“I was hoping to find a crossbow of some sort in here,” she mused.
“I am not sure what you are referring to,” Janthiir hedged cautiously.
“The crossbow wasn’t invented in Janthiir’s time,” Terinus rasped. “It is unlikely you will find such a weapon in this arsenal.”
“Elves favor the longbow, and I have a mighty one you can use,” Janthiir suggested, but received a shake of Nellise’s head in reply.
“I never learned how to use one, and this is hardly the time to start. Never mind, I should take some armor anyway.”
“As you wish,” the construct intoned, performing the same adjustment on another suit of vythiric plate armor to suit Nellise’s feminine shape. She looked astonishing once fully clad, which suited her fair hair and regal bearing much more than Robert’s eyepatch and unshaven chin. 
“What would you ask of me, Sayana?” Janthiir asked while Pacian’s eyes took in Nellise’s splendor, almost popping out in the process. 
I need nothing from you, for I have already received the weapon I need to fight this enemy, the sorceress replied. 
“If she doesn’t want anything, I could use something else too,” Robert suggested with a self-conscious cough. 
“Are you so greedy you would ask for more than you have already been given?” Janthiir grated, her voice more disappointed than angry. 
“Sy’s not taking something, so that’s another thing for someone else,” Robert pointed out. “Besides, I don’t want anything from your armory — this is more like a favor.”
“Ask,” Janthiir suggested suspiciously. Robert drew his blade and held it before him with both hands. 
“Can you shrink this for me?” he asked. Janthiir stared at him unmoving for a long moment before answering.
“…What?” 
“Just a little,” Robert pressed. “Greatswords may have been the thing a thousand years ago, but they’re a good way to get yourself killed in modern warfare. Sure, you can cut a man in half, but it’s far better to go with a smaller blade and use a shield. Bloody longbows and crossbows can go right through most armor, and it’s better to take it on a shield if you can, especially if you’ve got the best one ever made, like I do.”
“I can accommodate your request,” the construct agreed reluctantly, “but you are asking me to deface one of my greatest works.”
“Don’t think of it as defacement. Think of it as modernization,” Robert suggested dryly. They stared at each other a little longer, and then Janthiir raised her ‘hand’ and Aeon Invictus began to shrink.
“Not too much now,” Robert cautioned. “…There, that ought to do it.” It was still larger than the elven blade Robert had given to Aiden, but the mercenary was able to heft the long sword in one hand as he put it through some practice swings. “Beautiful,” he murmured in approval.
“My turn,” an impatient Pacian said, looking over the small selection of Janthiir’s undoubtedly gigantic collection. 
“What do you desire?” the construct asked.
“Protection of some sort,” Pacian answered. “Don’t try putting me in one of those suits though, I still want to stay mobile.”
“When facing harm, one must either withstand it, or avoid it,” Janthiir counseled. Another shelf emerged from the wall, but appeared to be empty. Sayana squinted at it and discerned a trace of something else which she didn’t quite understand.
“You want me to wear a shelf?” Pacian quipped. 
“I want you to hold still.” Janthiir gestured and a wisp of violet light shot forth from the shelf, engulfing Pacian from head to toe. He faded from sight briefly before reappearing, staring at the violet mist surrounding him in astonishment.
“You are wearing Aethereal Armor, fashioned from the realm outside this edifice,” Janthiir explained. “It enables the wearer to travel between this realm and the Material Plane of their own world at will. If you are reasonably intelligent, I have no doubt you will be able to fathom the uses of such power.” Pacian disappeared from sight and reappeared a heartbeat later behind the construct.
“Yeah I’ll think of something,” he smirked viciously as he poked Vigilance’s blade through a gap in the stone which formed Janthiir’s body.
“Please don’t do that,” she instructed patiently before turning to Terinus. “What would you ask of me, cousin?”
“Like Sayana, I too am already sufficiently dangerous,” the wizard rasped. “I will not burden you further.”
“I find your humility surprising,” Janthiir pondered idly. “Perhaps I have indeed been wrong about you these many years.” 
“Your opinion was based on the available facts,” Terinus responded. “I would have thought the same.”
Sayana watched as Aiden stepped forward to peruse the available offerings. Curious weapons and armor beckoned to him, yet he seemed distracted.
“You have collected much over the centuries,” Aiden remarked to Janthiir. “I’m looking for anything you have of sa’quaarin origin.”
“This vault does hold a small number of their relics, taken from the few sa’quaarin who fell to Acadian forces over the centuries, but I do not know how to use them,” Janthiir cautioned as another part of the wall grated open, revealing a small collection of dark, shiny objects. “It is entirely possible they cannot function away from their masters, so I caution you against choosing anything from this area.”
The objects appeared quite ordinary to Sayana’s extraordinary sight, yet she knew from experience the potential contained within these seemingly inert devices. Whatever powered their effects, it was not magic in a conventional sense. Aiden and Terinus knew more about these relics than anyone alive, and neither seemed perturbed by Janthiir’s warning.
Aiden looked over the collection closely before fixating on a familiar looking object. He lifted a gauntlet from the pile and examined it carefully, with hands shaking with anticipation. Sayana recalled he used one just like it years ago, a powerful artefact which bestowed tremendous strength upon the wielder. 
“It’s in perfect condition,” Aiden breathed as he tried it on. He attempted to activate it by tracing the obscure sigils along the top, yet nothing happened. 
“It has been dormant for some time,” Terinus advised. “It may need to be recharged from a generator. We can investigate it further back at the tower.”
“I’ll take it,” Aiden said to Janthiir, who seemed nonplussed at his enthusiasm. 
“Take both, for they are a matched set,” she advised. Aiden seemed confused until he rummaged around the pile of objects some more and produced a second gauntlet for the other hand. This one had a cylinder running lengthways along the outer edge, but was otherwise identical to the first.
“I think it’s safe to assume it has a different function than the other one,” Aiden mused. “Do you have any ideas?”
“It is most likely the weapon they used against us during our assault,” Terinus suggested. “They would unleash a blast of destructive energy from range before sending in their powerful constructs to engage us.”
“I’ll need to study it before I can use it, but this is just what I was looking for, thank you,” Aiden said with barely concealed enthusiasm. “And I promised to return all of this equipment when we’re successful.”
“You cannot make such a promise,” Janthiir intoned as the wall panels slowly sealed up once more, securing the treasures within. “It is more than likely you go to your deaths. If you are successful in your assault, however, then you have earned the minor relics you have received here today. Take them and never return, for next time you may be followed, and I cannot risk this reliquary falling into the wrong hands. We will not meet again, Terinus Arai, but know that you have my respect for what you are trying to achieve. May you find redemption on the field of battle.”
“Farewell cousin,” Terinus rasped with a slight bow. “Maintain your vigil until the day when your services are needed once more. When that time comes, I will make sure those who need it will know how to find you.”
The sound of grating stone rumbled through the edifice as the portal rose up from the stone behind them, the shifting curtain of light already active. Terinus led the others through the center, back into the Aether while Sayana paused for a moment to regard the living construct.
“Power comes at a price, Sayana Arai,” Janthiir intoned. “I have paid mine, but you have yet to pay yours. I only hope it is worth it.”
Sayana pondered this ominous statement as she drifted through the portal and joined the others, where they began the return journey to the Black Tower. The sorceress glided through the extra-dimensional space, feeling more at home here than the others ever could. Her senses were alive, magnified far beyond the norm. She could see the subtle vibrations of simple life drifting by, all but invisible to the naked eye. When they finally emerged within the confines of the tower once more, Sayana was disappointed at the return to mundane reality. Through the windows, the sun was sinking below the horizon, shedding orange and pink light across the sky.
“How long were we gone?” Nellise wondered, visibly fatigued from the journey, as were the others.
“Roughly twelve hours,” Terinus answered. “Time moves differently in the Aether, and that little jaunt cost us more time than I would have liked. You may find yourselves feeling fatigued, so I suggest we rest the night and try another destination tomorrow.”
“Don’t you think we have enough gear already?” Robert suggested. 
“Not even close,” the wizard rasped in reply as he headed towards the hall. 
“Thank heavens this stuff is lighter,” Nellise sighed as she began to strip off her new armor. “I wasn’t looking forward to lugging around another steel coffin again.” 
“I don’t know about the rest of you, but I’m feeling pretty invincible right now,” the mercenary remarked, posing for the others in his new armor. 
Sayana grinned at his flamboyant display, but her smile faded when it seemed Robert was ignoring her response. The others began to file out, except for Aiden who was fully engrossed with figuring out how to make his gauntlets function. She hovered closer to Robert for a quiet word. Although she could make her voice heard within his head, his response might be somewhat more vocal.
Robert, can we talk for a moment? She asked, receiving a mild grunt in response. I can’t help but feel you’re angry at me for some reason.
“Really? Why would you think that?” Robert answered sarcastically. 
If it’s my altered appearance that’s bothering you, I’m sure I can create an illusion to cover it.
“Do you really think I care how you look?” 
At this point I’m not sure what to think, Sayana responded, unable to keep the confusion from her mind-voice. She could feel something was wrong between them, and didn’t fully understand why. I still love you, Robert. If anything, I am better able to articulate my feelings for you now, if you’d give me a chance to show you. Nothing has changed between us.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Robert confided in a low voice. “Everything has changed. But don’t worry about me, Red — I’ll be just fine. You focus on being what you chose to become — a weapon. After all, that’s all that really matters to you, right? Vengeance and retribution and all that?” The sudden bitterness in his voice took Sayana by surprise.
You fear my power? I would have thought you’d appreciate having someone with my abilities on your side in a fight.
“Don’t ever make assumptions about what I’m thinking,” Robert snapped. “You didn’t even consider me when you put yourself into that machine, or the effect your death would have on those around you. How is it you’re so messed up inside that I couldn’t see it coming? Don’t I matter to you? Have we ever had an honest conversation in our lives?”
I…I’m sorry, Sayana stammered, taken aback by this sudden turn. I couldn’t let you get hurt again, and I had the opportunity to gain the power I needed to protect you all. I wasn’t anticipating this change, though, so I understand your fear. Just remember, I did this for you.
“Somehow I doubt that,” Robert continued tiredly. “It’s more than just the change, Sy, it’s brought to light things that needed addressing long ago. I don’t even know where to start, so I’m just going to focus on the job, like I’ve always done. Right after I get some kip. I’d tell you to sleep somewhere else tonight but you’ve lost the need for that too.”
As he stalked off to his room Sayana floated helplessly, struggling to find a way to fix this. With all of her new power, she still found the man unfathomable at times and strangely enough, all the more enticing for it. Aiden glanced over at her sympathetically, evidently having caught some of their conversation. 
“I’m the last person to be offering you relationship advice, so I won’t,” he wisely counselled as he secured the gauntlets onto one of the glowing blue cylinders. “You probably should have asked before going through the procedure without aid, however. You really could have been killed, you know.”
I didn’t care about that, Sayana answered.
“And that’s part of the problem,” Aiden pointed out with finality. “I’d say more but I’m bloody exhausted from all that flying around in the Aether. Robert’s an old bastard so he’s probably feeling it more. Let him sleep and tackle this again tomorrow. Goodnight. Oh, and stay out of my head, if you please.”
We should really talk about that, Sayana suggested urgently. Aiden simply raised his hand to say “enough”.
“Another time. Peaceful sleep has eluded me for years and now that I have it, I’m not going to waste it. Oh, before I forget, is Criosa doing okay?” 
Well enough, Sayana replied after pausing a moment to reach out to the princess’s aura with her mind. She is in a tense meeting with local leaders as they slowly bring order back to the city.
“Some progress, then,” Aiden remarked with a slow nod. “I don’t envy her task. Thanks, Sy.” He headed off for his room, leaving Sayana feeling overlooked and more than a little exasperated. 
“He’s worried you’re too far above him now,” Nellise said from down the hall, prompting Sayana to lean through the door to look back at her. 
Excuse me?
“Robert never felt your equal,” the cleric went on, coming closer and keeping her voice low. “You’ve always been younger than him and he’ll age faster than you, regardless. And now you’ve changed, ascended if you will, to a new level of reality, and he’s feeling left behind.”
Does everyone have an opinion on us? Sayana asked indignantly. 
“Try having your private conversations in private,” Nellise hinted with a faint smile. “He’s a very down to earth sort of man, and frankly I was surprised he found you to be ‘his type’, particularly after you cut out his eye with an axe. Nevertheless, you’ll have to give him time to adjust and it wouldn’t hurt for you to be more open with him, too. You’re not known for sharing, Sy.”
I’ll think about it, Sayana hedged, uncomfortable talking about her feelings, even with someone like Nellise. The cleric had always been somewhat intimidating. With her delicate beauty and wisdom beyond her years, she always seemed the most ‘together’ person Sayana had ever met, making her feel inferior without even trying. 

*          *          *

Shortly after the sun began to rise the next morning, Sayana felt the minds of her friends awaken long before they emerged from their chambers. Terinus entered the lab first, heading directly for the portal device.
“You evidently do not require sleep,” he remarked as he noticed Sayana hovering in the corner. 
I don’t miss it, if you’re wondering, she replied evenly. 
“I was not. I trust you made good use of the time?”
I’m still figuring things out, Sayana answered cautiously. The others are reacting differently to my transformation, and I feel somewhat isolated. 
“To be expected,” Terinus counselled. “You are a singular being, unique in the cosmos and not subject to the laws which govern the lives of others, including myself. Just remember that you are truly free, able to go where you want, whenever you want. As for their reactions, give them time to become accustomed to your new appearance and capabilities and they will realize that underneath, you are still you.”
That was… helpful, actually, Sayana conceded. 
“When you’ve been around as long as I have, you pick up a few things,” Terinus rasped, nodding to the fully equipped Pacian and Aiden as they entered the lab. “Good morning gentlemen, I trust you are nearly ready to depart?”
“Just let me check on these things,” Aiden advised, heading directly to the cylinder to examine the gauntlets. They were connected to the generator by a pair of black cables, which Aiden removed. “Sa’quaarin must have weird hands,” he remarked as he slid the gauntlets on and flexed his metal fingers. “Weirder than mine, at any rate. These things never seemed to fit right.”
“Did the charge take?” Terinus asked, prompting Aiden to trace the sigils on the back of one gauntlet. A low rumble of hot air erupted from vents along the back, and a wave of energy surged from Aiden as Sayana watched with her enhanced sight.
That would be ‘yes’, she commented dryly, somewhat taken aback by the lustful expression on Aiden’s face. He had regained a good portion of the power he once knew, but his reaction was somewhat less than human. 
“Very good, but do not attempt to test the other one in here,” Terinus suggested. “You may inadvertently destroy some valuable equipment. And people.”
“I’ll wait until we’re somewhere else,” he agreed as Robert and Nellise entered, glittering in their new armor. Saffron and Lucas, hefting a large satchel between them followed. The mercenary was carrying the heavy Auldsteel shield he had used for years, to compliment the sword strapped to his back. “Speaking of such, do you have an idea for our next destination?”
“Yes, I was waiting for you all to gather before going ahead,” Terinus answered, turning to face them. Sayana caught Robert’s eye for a moment, but the mercenary was all business as he puffed a cigar and paid full attention to Terinus.
“Janthiir was far more cooperative than I had anticipated, yet her gifts are not enough to guarantee victory,” he began. “There is a place, another world where artifice has risen to a high art. There, we should have little trouble acquiring the weapons we need. Before you say it,” he rasped just as Pacian was about to open his mouth, “we did not go there first because unlike the other two vaults, this one is going to cost us. Lucas, the satchel.”
The butler nodded and with Saffron’s help, placed the obviously heavy satchel on the ground, then opened the top flap. Inside, Sayana saw the distinctive gleam of gems and gold, a small fortune carried in one small pack.
“That’s a lot of money,” Robert said as he stared at the gleaming contents. 
“Several thousand gold sovereigns,” Terinus nodded. “We will have to buy what we need.”
“It’s only money,” Nellise pointed out. “We’re attempting to avert a terrible disaster, why would you even hesitate to spend this if it achieves out goals?”
“Because I acquired this fortune from the Royal Vault of Aielund,” Terinus explained dourly. “The kingdom is going to have a difficult time rebuilding after the war as it is. I was reluctant to spend this unless absolutely necessary, but that is where we now stand. Hopefully, we will be able to recoup the money after we eliminate the threat.”
“You stole this from Criosa?” Aiden asked incredulously. 
“Technically I—”
“Don’t even finish that sentence,” Aiden growled ominously. “There’s nothing technical about it. Somehow, when this is all over, we’re going to get this money back into the vault to ensure Criosa has the best chance of putting her shattered kingdom together again.”
“I agree completely,” Terinus acquiesced, bowing low to Aiden to placate him. “But if I may? The task at hand will not be dangerous, merely expensive. The artificers of Placidus are renowned for the quality of their work and command the highest prices.”
“So, it’s a world sort of like this one,” Robert mused in a cloud of smoke. “No more floating around in purple soup?”
“It is quite similar to this place, though you may feel somewhat heavier while we are there,” Terinus pointed out as his fingers began to trace sigils across the black control panel. “In most respects, you’ll feel right at home. My information indicates it is late winter there, so take a heavier cloak.” 
Saffron opened a closet door nearby and fetched cloaks for all of them. Nellise took one from her but barely seemed to notice. Her golden eyes were entranced by the wizard’s efforts on the portal’s controls, until Pacian brought her back to reality with a nudge to her breastplate. 
“Hm? Yes, I’m ready,” she blurted, unsure what had just happened. 
“I’m kind of hazy after yesterday too,” Pacian confided. “Don’t worry about it.” Terinus completed his preparations and a shifting white light shuddered into existence within the portal’s arch. He was the first to step through, leading the others. Sayana, struggling with feelings of exclusion was the last to venture into the dimensional breach.

Chapter Nine

Stepping through the curtain of light itself was an unremarkable experience. It was the sudden cold hitting Aiden in the face which caused him to gasp as he emerged on the other side. The sudden change of temperature was staggering. The cold was like nothing he’d ever felt before, which was saying something given he had grown up not far from the Highmarch mountains in a place called Coldstream.
The portal itself stood in the middle of a dark room which reminded Aiden of a basement cold locker. Faint blue light emanating from the portal was the only source of illumination, allowing him to see a number of devices arranged along the walls, each of them encased in a sparkling layer of ice. The sound of the wind howling outside could be heard through an open door just ahead. Large black tubes, each twice the thickness of his arm snaked their way from the side of the portal’s arch to disappear through a gap in the door.
One by one the others came through the portal, expressing varying degrees of astonishment at the frigid conditions. Sayana came through last and the curtain of light vanished out of existence moments later, plunging them into absolute darkness. It lasted only a few heartbeats, as Nellise and the sorceress brought forth small magical lights to pierce the gloom.
“You weren’t kidding when you said it’d be cold,” Robert remarked, pulling his heavy cloak tightly around his armored body. 
“I wasn’t expecting it to be this severe,” Terinus answered cautiously. He moved over to the control panel for the portal and tapped it, expecting to see glowing runes appear on its surface. It remained dark, despite the wizard’s best efforts.
“Something wrong?” Aiden inquired.
“Very wrong,” Terinus answered with a measure of dread in his usually emotionless voice. He examined the rest of the mechanism with growing concern. Aiden was no expert on these things, but his limited experience with portals suggested there was supposed to be more activity from the device, such as lights and a humming sound.
“I need a little more detail than that,” Aiden suggested, his words misting in the freezing air.
“The portal is completely inert,” the wizard declared after a few more moments of examination. “I don’t yet know why, but I cannot return it to full function.”
“Do you mean we’re stuck here?” Pacian blurted caustically.
“Until I can determine the problem, yes,” Terinus rasped. “Give me a few minutes for further examination.”
“You never mentioned this was a possibility,” Aiden exclaimed. “The portal we came across in Acadia had been operating for centuries without fault.”
“Entropy affects all things, even sa’quaarin relics. I would suggest the conditions here are far worse, leading to this breakdown.”
“Well, you’ve picked a hell of a place to strand us on,” Robert muttered as he took in the room’s sparse furnishings. 
“This is not of my doing, but speaks to a greater problem. What I’m seeing here is neglect, and the effects of prolonged exposure to freezing temperatures. These cables running along the floor seem to be conduits for power, an unconventional approach I have not seen used before.” On a hunch, Aiden moved over to one of the ice-covered devices for a closer look. 
He swept his gauntleted hand over the frozen water and underneath appeared to be a cylinder, much like the other arcane generators he had seen. It was clearly inoperable, even without the ice covering it.
“Those cables might lead to another power source,” Aiden suggested. “This one is obviously broken.”
“Someone has evidently tried to bypass it,” Terinus mused. “The portal appears otherwise undamaged, but without power, we will be unable to return to the Black Tower of our own world.”
Perhaps I can power it, Sayana suggested, going in for a closer look at the place where the conduits met the arch. 
“Even if you are able to channel enough power to bridge the gulf between worlds,” Terinus rasped, “it would collapse as soon as you withdrew your touch. In effect, we could escape but you would be trapped here.”
Not an optimal result for me, she mused.
“Well, let’s just keep that as a backup plan, okay?” Pacian suggested with a sidelong glance at the levitating sorceress. Robert would normally come to her defense, but remained curiously silent. This didn't stop Sayana glaring at Pacian with blazing white eyes. Aiden felt she was showing remarkable restraint, given the recent altercation between the two. The sorceress could probably break him in two with little effort, yet chose not to. This, more than anything else told Aiden that Sayana was still in control of her immense power. 
A sudden blast of icy wind blew through the chamber, causing Aiden to reel from the onslaught. Nellise was peering out through the door and closed it almost as quickly as she’d opened it.
“It’s far worse outside,” she remarked. “I can’t believe anything could survive out there for long, let alone an entire civilization. Where have you brought us?’
“The information I uncovered indicated this was a pleasant, temperate world,” Terinus answered defensively. “The immediate area should be rolling hills and pastures, with a city in walking distance. I cannot make the portal work from here, so we need to follow these conduits and find out where they lead.”
“Just how old was this information you found?” Aiden asked.
“It was written three centuries ago, and although that may seem a long time by your standards, worlds generally do not change so dramatically in this span of time. Clearly, something has gone terribly wrong.”
“Something tells me we won’t be doing any shopping,” Pacian muttered, grasping the hilt of his weapon tightly as they reluctantly headed for the door. 
Aiden was forced to steel his resolve to step outside, for as Nellise had reported, it was far colder outside, intensified by the howling wind which blew across a frozen landscape, lit by a weak sun hovering just above the horizon. Squinting against the harsh conditions, he looked upon a forest of dead trees clawing at the sky, like blackened skeletal hands bursting out of the icy ground.
The building they emerged from appeared to be a solitary structure in the middle of the dead forest. It was difficult to determine what it was made of, given the thick layer of ice covering most of the exterior. Only the door had been free of ice, and upon closer inspection appeared to have been dug out of its frozen casing with a heavy pick of some kind. 
“Someone recently dug this door open,” Aiden shouted against the wind. “There has to be life around here somewhere.”
“Hard to believe anyone can live in this,” Nellise called back.
“So much for your ‘pleasant world’,” Pacian said to Terinus, who silently took in the desolation.
“We risk exposure if we stay out in this too long,” Nellise advised. “Hold still while I bring us some relief.” She took out her crystal and began whispering a prayer. Her words were lost in the howling wind, but a few moments later she walked around, touching each of them once on the shoulder. 
At her touch, Aiden felt the wind’s bite lessen substantially, as if he were sheltered by an invisible wall. 
“It will last for a few hours, so hopefully we can find shelter before then,” the cleric explained.
The cables lead in this direction, Sayana advised, drifting over the undulating cables, seemingly oblivious to the blustering wind. While her initial change had prompted awe from Aiden and the others, seeing her so distant from immediate events rammed home her alien nature so much more. If she was cut, would she bleed? Would she lose touch with her humanity entirely and simply wander off to find other pursuits? It was an unsettling line of thought.
They pushed on through the snow as Sayana flitted through the dead forest. Although Aiden wasn’t an expert on trees, these seemed to have perished long ago. Some of them appeared to have exploded, suggesting they were not accustomed to the intensity of the cold. He tried to ignore the implications of sudden weather change upon this world, especially if it had been green and vibrant only a century ago. 
The sun isn’t moving, Sayana suddenly remarked.
“What?” Aiden asked, seeking clarification. He peered at the cold white disk hovering above the horizon, trying to understand what she was referring to.
We have been here long enough for the sun to have set by now, she continued. It hasn’t moved at all. 
“How can that be?” Nellise asked nobody in particular. 
“Perhaps this place is frozen in time as well as in fact?” Aiden suggested. Terinus appeared to consider this for a moment, then used the end of his staff to flick a small rock against a nearby tree. It bounced off its icy shell and skittered into the snow a few yards away. 
“Time appears to be flowing normally,” he observed. “I know of no magic that could freeze an entire region in time. If the sun has stopped moving, then this area is locked in perpetual twilight. That would explain the frigid conditions, though what could have caused this world to stop turning is beyond my knowledge. We may not find the answers we seek, but for now I’d settle for a working portal to take us away from this benighted place.”
The conduits continue this way, Sayana advised in sober tones as she continued to lead them through snowdrifts and across frozen creeks. Although hard to believe at first, the unmoving sun became more obvious with the passage of time and gave Aiden a chill that had nothing to do with the cold.
The forest ended abruptly when they passed a crumbling tower straddling a precipitous drop. It was as if a mouth of unfathomable size had taken a bite out of the ground, severing the tower in half and removing a vast chunk of land. Peering through the blustery conditions, Aiden could see the sides of what appeared to be a crater filled with ice and rock, spanning several hundred yards. Although he didn't know how it happened, Aiden felt it was unnatural and was filled with a sense of dread. The cables continued to the right, around the edge of the crater.
They continued onward, and after an indeterminate amount of time, a large building could be seen ahead. The forest of dead trees had thinned out as they travelled, with an increasing number of tree stumps dotting the landscape. 
The building itself was a squat, grey structure lined with thick ice. In addition to the twin cables, Sayana noticed faint tracks in the snow before them, heading to and from the building. As one, they drew their weapons and prepared themselves for anything as they cautiously proceeded forward.
Signs of axes and saws could be seen upon the stumps, a strong indication there was intelligent life here somewhere, or at least, had been until recently. Pacian darted ahead and began moving through the landscape with minimal impact, scouting ahead even though Aiden was sure Sayana could have done the same thing far more effectively. They had fallen into an old pattern of behavior developed from long periods of working together in tense situations. 
As they closed in on the building, more details became apparent. It appeared to be a fort, with high outer walls of massive pale blue blocks of stone. Large sections of the wall were missing, gouged from the rest of the structure by unknown forces. In the comparative shelter of the fort were a number of tents in once-colorful hues, now faded and worn. 
Movement could be seen among the walls, and the occasional aroma of hot food wafted past Aiden’s nostrils. He and the others found Pacian a few moments later, crouched behind a thick stump, watching the camp ahead with intense interest.
“Civilization, such as it is,” he whispered to Aiden. Although roughly fifty yards distant, it was obvious men and women were going about the necessities of daily life in the shadow of the fort. If the conditions bothered them, they did not show it.
“That place looks like it was in a war, and lost,” Robert remarked after a brief observation of the scene. “These people don’t look like conquerors to me, though. If they’re the winners, why are they living in tents?”
I expect we’ll find out why in a few minutes, Sayana responded in their minds. She was nowhere to be seen, most likely having turned invisible when they all began creeping around.
“Why?” Robert asked.
Because there are fourteen warriors surrounding this position, moving in with large bows ready to shoot. The casual manner in which Sayana described the impending ambush made Aiden pause a moment before her words sunk in properly. By the time he turned around with his weapon at the ready, it was already too late. A group of very tall, solid-looking people wrapped from head to toe in layers of white rag and cloth, burst from cover and brought their bows to bear. 
“Some scout you turned out to be,” Aiden muttered to Pacian.
“I knew they were there, I just didn’t see the point in getting upset about it,” the former ascetic replied with a shrug. “We’re going to need help to get out of this frozen hell and I’m generally not the one who does the talking. You’re up, mate.”
Put on the spot, Aiden took a moment to gather his thoughts. One of the ambushers barked a series of sharp words at them that he couldn’t understand. A language barrier was going to make communication far more difficult, and potentially dangerous. Fortunately, Sayana came up with a solution.
I can understand the general meaning of their words from their thoughts, she told Aiden and the others, speaking only in their minds. Speak, and I will translate. Mildly bemused by this declaration, Aiden lowered his sword and addressed the large man who had spoken to them.
“We’re not looking for a fight, but we’re not going to be taken prisoner, either,” he warned, looking up at his counterpart who appeared astonished at what Aiden presumed was Sayana’s voice in his head.
“Lower your weapons,” their leader ordered, with Sayana’s voice translating in Aiden’s mind, who went one step further and sheathed his sword. The others also put on a show of compliance. “How do I understand your language?” he added. “I hear your strange voice with my ears, yet my mind seems to know what it means.”
“We have magic translating our words,” Aiden explained, leaving out the part of a transcendent, invisible sorceress hovering somewhere in their midst. 
“Where have you come from?” their leader continued, making no move to order his followers to lower their weapons. His voice was a deep baritone, a strange counterpoint to Sayana’s soft words in Aiden’s mind. “Long have we patrolled this area. There are no other settlements.”
“Can I assume you answer to a higher authority?” Robert interjected.
“Out here, I am the only authority,” the hulking man responded evenly. 
“Okay… so, why don’t you take us into that fort of yours and you can hand us over to whoever runs the place. No offence to you, but we’ve got a bit of a story to tell and I hate repeating myself.” The warrior seemed to think this over for a long moment, before ordering his people to lower their weapons. 
“This makes sense. Move into the fort. Try nothing — if you show any sign of belligerence, you will die.”
“Chatty fellow,” Pacian remarked dryly as the other warriors began ushering them towards the fort. Though they had lowered their bows, they remained nocked and ready to shoot. The weapons seemed roughly the same size as Aielish longbows, but appeared smaller in the oversized hands of the warriors holding them. 
Once they emerged from their surroundings, Aiden could see their “hosts” were nearly eight feet in height, with massively broad shoulders and huge hands. He couldn’t even guess at their weight, but he was sure it would be a suitably impressive figure. They moved with heavy steps, but two of their number kept to the rear of the group to cover their tracks. 
Their caution goes far beyond simple escort duty, Sayana remarked. 
“Yeah, makes me wonder who or what else is out there to be cautious about,” Aiden mumbled under his breath, hoping she could understand him. Presently, they left the confines of the forest and entered the courtyard of the old fort. Robert’s earlier assessment had proven correct, for the walls were showing extensive damage, as was the fort itself. They even entered the courtyard through a gaping hole in the wall, probably the result of an oversized battering ram.
More of the large people huddled for warmth in the terrible conditions, crowding around campfires and under worn canvas tents. They wore heavy cloth and rag just like the patrol, but their faces were visible. They were olive-skinned and wore their hair long and dark. Their noses were generally large and flat. Remaining seated, they peered curiously up at the newcomers, no doubt wondering what these tiny people were about. Aiden had never felt so small, and wondered idly if this was how the diminutive raelani felt amongst humans. 
The patrol escorted them towards the fort itself, where the pair of conduits continued. Their progress was halted at thick wooden doors by a pair of women clad in worn, rusty metal armor. Each carried a massive club, fashioned from the dead trees surrounding the fort. 
“Why do you bring strangers to our home, Carthack?” one of them asked the leader of the patrol, translated by Sayana once more. 
“The fact they are strangers who still live should be reason enough,” he grunted back. “Let us pass.”
“They are heavily armed, yet you think to bring them into the inner sanctum? Strip them of their equipment first.”
“They are not prisoners, Sech, and I will take no action against them unless it is warranted.”
“Are you in charge?” Pacian said, speaking to the tall, robust looking-woman before him. She seemed momentarily astonished at the strange manner of understanding him, but quickly recovered.
“No, but I —”
“Stand aside so the grown-ups can talk,” Pacian interrupted with only the slightest hint of menace in his voice. Aiden stifled a groan at his choice of words, and wondered if Sayana could be a little creative with the translation. Evidently the guard heard him verbatim, for she fumed at his insolence and tightened her grip on the heavy wooden club. She seemed about to protest, but her counterpart laid a hand on her elbow and as one, they stepped aside.
“Keep an eye on this one,” the woman named Sech growled, gesturing at Pacian. “If he talks to the Marshal like that, he’s likely to lose his tiny little head.”
“That is the Marshal’s call to make, not yours,” Carthack responded in a voice which smothered all debate, as he herded Aiden and the others through the door. Looking curiously up at the huge man leading them inside, Aiden wondered if there was tension within their ranks or if he simply had an issue with the woman.
“What were you thinking?” Nellise whispered to Pacian, giving him a jab in the ribs for his insolent behavior. 
“I know an over-promoted thug when I see one,” he replied in hushed tones. “It’s a waste of time dealing with people like that. We need to talk to someone who can help us, not throw us in jail.” 
They moved into halls made of massive blue-stone blocks. The air was noticeably warmer inside, though their breath still misted before them. Still, it was a relief to be out of the unrelenting wind if only for a while. Aiden shifted his vision to a spectrum where he could discern people and objects hidden from sight, but couldn't see the distinctive blue silhouette of Sayana's form anywhere nearby. 
“Are you still with us Sy?” he whispered, hoping her accentuated senses could hear him.
Look up, came her response within Aiden's mind. Glancing up at the high ceiling, he saw her floating through the air above them where nobody in the crowded fort could bump into her by accident.   I will remain invisible, lest they find my appearance upsetting. 
“That's probably wise,” Aiden conceded, appreciating her discretion. Their hosts seemed jumpy enough as it was without a hovering, blue-skinned woman with blazing eyes appearing in their midst.
Another of Robert’s observations about the fort came up when they looked upon dozens of people lining the halls of the fort’s interior, some of them appearing to be sick, tired and hungry. Evidently people were living outside because there simply wasn’t enough room in here for them. They stared back at the strange, small people walking past. Aiden assumed he and his friends appeared as alien to these large people as they did to Aiden and his companions. 
Though the ceilings were ten feet high, the door frames were only six feet, forcing these huge people to duck as they moved throughout the fort. The cables ran openly along the floor then curved sharply to the right, through one of the doors. Their escorts were guiding them straight ahead, but Aiden peered through the doorway on their way past and caught a glimpse of a large chamber, half-filled with hulking blocks of what appeared to be stone near the center of the open space. 
Aiden glanced meaningfully back at Terinus, who nodded in silent agreement — this was a room they were going to have to visit very soon. 
Presently, at the end of the corridor they arrived at a solid door, flanked by two guards. At a gesture from Carthack, one of them opened the door and allowed them to pass. The inside of the room was similar to the austere hallways, except with the addition of practical furniture, all of which seemed to have been made from the blackened wood common throughout the camp. A crackling fireplace provided warmth to the small room from nearby, though it could do little but take the edge off the profound cold.
Behind a desk sat a woman, small by the standards of the others populating the fort, but just as heavy-set. Her face was refined and quite attractive, which seemed odd on such a large frame. Her dark eyes took in every detail about the newcomers as she sipped from a wooden cup of steaming liquid. On a mantle behind her rested a massive arbalest, lovingly cared for despite its obvious age.
“These people were found watching the camp, Marshal,” Carthack reported to the woman, who was clearly in charge. 
“They are not of our kind,” she remarked with soft words. “Did they offer any resistance?”
“None. I do not believe they have hostile intent, in spite of the weapons they carry. They do not speak our language, yet they have some magic which allows us to communicate.”
“I see,” the marshal noted, placing the cup on the table before her. “You and your men are dismissed, Carthack. Return to your hunt and report back here when you are done.”
Carthack inclined his head in assent, then turned and led his men back out through the door which was closed behind them, leaving Aiden and his companions to speak with the marshal in private.
“I am Marshal Jenovia Maxis,” she said, glancing at each of them in turn as if trying to determine who to address. “Please, be seated.”
“I prefer to stand,” Robert replied, causing a brief look of astonishment to flash over the marshal's features as Sayana's voice spoke in her mind. 
“Magic indeed,” Jenovia remarked. Her eyes flitted around the room, as if searching for something before returning back to Robert. 
She saw me, Sayana warned. This woman harbors power beyond her station. Be cautious.
“Sit or stand as you wish, it is of little matter to me,” Jenovia continued. “I see you have an interesting companion who wishes to remain hidden. I find this rude.” Her eyes rolled back into her head and she whispered unknown words, which Sayana evidently did not translate. Then, the sorceress suddenly appeared above them, fully visible to all present.
You could simply have asked, Sayana said as she descended to the floor.
“It was an opportunity to show I am not without the ability to defend myself, if the need arises. What are your names?” the marshal asked. Aiden introduced each of them in turn.
“I offer you greetings, strangers,” she said after Aiden had finished. “I would provide you food and water as is our custom, but our supplies are limited and our situation grave. No doubt you have seen our plight on your way through the courtyard.”
“Yes, your people are clearly suffering here, Marshal,” Nellise answered. “If you have wounded or sick, I can offer my services to aid you.”
“That would be welcome, but I have other questions first. Your clothing and manner of dress, as well as your spoken words... you are not from anywhere nearby. From where have you travelled?”
“A far away land,” Aiden replied cautiously, unsure if he should inform her of the unique manner of their arrival.”
“You are dancing around the truth,” Jenovia remarked coldly. “I appreciate plain-spoken people and have no patience for games. You came from the south, yes?”
“Yes, I believe so,” Aiden confirmed. “The unmoving sun made navigation a little more challenging. I don't suppose you can enlighten us about that?”
“In time,” the marshal responded via Sayana's voice. “I will be blunt — did you come through the portal?”
“Yes,” Terinus answered. “But you knew that already, didn't you?”
“My engineers tell me there was a strange fluctuation in the generators earlier, which puzzled us until you arrived,” Jenovia explained evenly. “This was especially curious since the portal is known to be broken.”
“One may arrive on this world, but no one may depart,” Terinus rasped. “We need to leave as soon as possible, and require your aid to do so. But then... if you could fix the portal, you would have done so already.”
“It was my faint hope you had managed to repair it,” the marshal replied, crestfallen. “You appear to be stranded here, just as we are.”
“Wait, this is not your world either?” Pacian asked.
“No, my people came through the portal long ago. We are the Escardi, or what is left of them in any case. There were thousands of us, fleeing a calamity which was devouring our home, only to arrive on a dying world with no chance of escape. We lack the knowledge required to make the portal function properly, and so we have been forced to endure this harsh world for decades in the hope of figuring out a way to leave.”
“Do you know what happened to this world?” Nellise asked. “I find the concept of the sun frozen in the sky quite unsettling.”
“We attempted to explore the area soon after our arrival,” Jenovia explained. “The city of Botai lies not far from here, and it was our first destination. If we knew what was in store for us, we would have turned and fled into the wilderness. Hundreds died in the first two weeks. The records from that time are vague, and have been distorted with time. Legends tell of people who simply became ill and died, while others spoke of terrible specters rising from the grave.”
“So, we'll be avoiding the city then,” Robert remarked dryly. “If you're not the original inhabitants, have you seen any of them?”
“That's just it — I think my ancestors did,” Jenovia whispered. “I don't know what befell the people of this world, but they died long ago. My people have passed down the legends of our home, generation after generation. All of us here save one were born on this world, and the concept of a sun that moves in the sky is as alien to us as this appears to you. Nevertheless, our legends tell us it was not this way in our home, and so we think whatever catastrophe caused the sun to stop moving is connected to the extinction of the population.”
“It is not the sun which has ceased motion, but rather the world itself which is turning at a rate slow enough to make the sun appear to be standing still,” Terinus corrected, drawing a blank look from Jenovia. 
“If that's correct,” Aiden added, “then you could travel in the direction of the sun and it would appear higher in the sky. You could find a more hospitable climate to live in.”
“Under the layer of snow and ice there is nothing but blackened earth,” Jenovia answered. “Insect-like creatures the size of a man roam the earth, hunting anything that moves. This fort is the only defensible structure we found, and so we stayed here to make the best of our situation, and for another, more important reason.”
“The devices within the central chamber,” Aiden finished. “You're still hoping to reopen the portal someday. That's what those cables are for, yes?”
“Correct. Few things were retrieved from the ruinous visit to Botai on our arrival, but one of them was a decaying book which described a source of power that might be enough to make the portal work again. Those who originally translated the text did what they could to make it work, but they died before their task was complete. The knowledge has been passed down through the generations, but we have never been able to complete the great task. Life in this place has diminished our numbers, and only one remains who remembers the sacred tome of knowledge in sufficient detail.”
“We will meet with this individual,” Terinus stated, “and you will allow us to see this device you are attempting to restore. I have knowledge required to service such machines.” Jenovia's eyes lit up at this statement, and she immediately stood and headed for the door with excitement in her step.
“Come, I will show you the ancient device.” Aiden exchanged a glance with Terinus as he and the others followed her back down the hallway to the large chamber they passed earlier. At Jenovia's command, the doors were flung open and a number of people within the chamber parted to allow the group inside.
The earlier glimpse Aiden had of the chamber did not do it justice. Far above them, the ceiling could be seen amid flickers of dim torchlight. Two massive blocks of stone with dark metal laced through the cracks filled much of the chamber, disappearing into the darkness above. Each was four yards wide, with a two-yard gap running between them, all the way to the rear of the chamber. It wasn't the size that caught Aiden's eye, but the design which was all too familiar.
“This is sa’quaarin artifice,” Terinus rasped, drawing the same conclusion.
“I think we may have just figured out what devastated this world,” Aiden grimly added, recalling the vision of a city obliterated by fires from above. 
“Dear god,” Nellise breathed. “We are standing in what could be Aielund's future.”

Chapter Ten

Sayana stood alone in the corner of the chamber, resisting the urge to levitate. Bottling up the energy surging through her made her leg twitch unconsciously, but it was preferable to drawing undue attention to herself. The last thing Sayana wanted was to be thought of as a witch or demon by these simple folk. If she was forced to defend herself, things would get bloody.
Nellise had gone off to see to the needs of the sick and wounded overflowing the courtyard, taking Pacian along as bodyguard. Sayana suspected the cleric had actually asked him to accompany her so she could coax him into helping with the healing efforts. Despite his dour demeanor of late, Pacian had recently been able to channel healing energies in the same manner as Nellise, and she had never stopped trying to guide him back onto that path.
Robert sat nearby, puffing on a cigar while watching Aiden and Terinus as they examined the ancient devices. Most of this seemed well beyond his experience, but the mercenary had a way of distilling complex issues down to basic concepts. In this case, the reopening of the portal was beyond his understanding, so he let others concern themselves with it while he relaxed, cat-like and worry-free. Sayana both envied and admired him for it. 
Aiden and Terinus, their two resident experts on sa'quaarin artifice, were suitably impressed with the enormous device, and conferred with the escardi 'Keeper of Knowledge' as to its workings. His name was Ovis, and he was the sole remaining sage who had memorized the ancient texts. He was very young when the book had been recovered and was the first to memories its contents in full. Now well into his ninth decade, it seemed possible he would take that information with him when he passed, for this society was focused solely on survival.
He was a genial old fellow, eager to exchange knowledge about his favorite topic with those he deemed to be his contemporaries, and gave Sayana a headache in the process. She continued translating between the two parties, but the technical nature of their discussion proved to be quite challenging. Still, it helped to keep her mind off her twitching leg. 
“When we first discovered the ancient text,” Ovis explained, “my masters spent months figuring it all out. The devices were not whole, and work needed to be done to restore them to their original state. That effort took the better part of a decade, and their disappointment was palpable when they finished and discovered it did not work.”
“It's quite an impressive result, regardless,” Terinus remarked from on top of a ladder leaning against the side of one of the slab-like devices. “To rebuild relics as advanced as these, with little more than the instruction manual is a feat of patience spanning generations.”
“I have been personally involved in rebuilding both of them from the ground up, in an effort to determine the fault,” Ovis announced proudly. “Alas, our efforts revealed nothing.”
“The ancient text you speak of was either incomplete, or simply did not cover details of the third component,” Terinus said as he descended the ladder. “Do you see the gap down there?”
“I do,” Ovis replied patiently, his eyes following the wizard's finger to a place on the side of the device's wall where the innards of the contraption could be seen. “That is as I was instructed, by he who discovered the text.”
“I do not mean to question your memory or the sacrifice of your forebears,” Terinus rasped, “but there is a similar gap on the device opposite. My suspicion is they are meant to be linked in order to function.”
“An interesting theory, but it was never mentioned in the texts,” Ovis answered. 
“I think we can do something about that. Aiden, would you care to do a little research?” 
“I'm already on it,” he replied, studying the glowing pages of the Lexicon before him. “I've found the right page, though I can't figure out much of the text without further study. But there's a diagram. Here are pictures of both of your big devices, quite clearly with a linking mechanism on the ground between them. It's rather like a bridge, with a crystal mounted in the middle.”
Ovis peered down at the pages in awe, shaking with the surge of emotion running through his old frame. 
“You have the ancient texts in your magic box?” he whispered. “All of this time, we have labored to repair them, yet never have we had all of the pieces. So much effort, all for naught.”
“All is not lost,” Terinus replied soberly. “The longevity of sa'quaarin artifice is such, that we may still be able to recover an intact link. Do you remember where your ancestors first discovered the 'ancient text'? It may be a place where spare parts were once stored.”
“Legend says the First People found a place of warmth amongst the incessant cold, a place of brilliant light where great knowledge was kept. But something else dwelled within those halls, something terrifying in its might. Our people took what they could and ran, and only half of those made it out alive.”
“Where was this 'place of warmth'?” Aiden pressed.
“The First People went to the great city, but it is a large place and the precise location is lost to the ages,” Ovis explained. “I was but a child at the time and did not go to the city.”
“And nobody has been back there since?” 
“Some have braved the perils of the city over the years seeking lost knowledge,” Ovis responded. “They were never seen again. Something dark lives in that forsaken city, my young friend. Even the very air is thought to be poisonous, for many of the First People died on their return to this fort having never been struck or wounded. You would do well to heed my counsel, for to travel to Botai is to risk a grisly death.”
“We can't stay here,” Aiden said. “There is too much at stake back in our homeland.”
“You're underestimating the danger,” Jenovia interjected, watching from the doorway. 
“You're unfamiliar with our strength,” Robert said, speaking up for the first time since they'd entered the chamber. 
“I want nothing more than to lead our people from this frozen hell, but you cannot enter Botai unprepared and expect things to go your way.”
“We won't be,” Robert replied. “Sy, could you take a look for us and see if there's anything nasty waiting in the shadows?”
I can, Sayana replied as all eyes turned to her. This may take a few minutes, during which time I will not be able to translate for you. Could you please tell me the direction of the city?
Jenovia raised a hand and pointed, watching Sayana curiously all the while. The sorceress knew the escardi leader possessed a good measure of power, but it was subtle and not fully under her control. She was surrounded by a swirling torrent of energy, barely visible even to Sayana's enhanced sight, but resembling the aura surrounding living beings. Jenovia appeared to be a conduit for spiritual forces, who protected and possibly even communicated with her.
Storing this information for later, Sayana relaxed her telepathic influence over the others and tilted her head. Focusing her thoughts on their surroundings, she could see herself standing in the room with everyone else, and with a casual thought sent her inner vision out the door and through the halls of the fort. Faster and faster it went, leaving the confines of the ancient edifice, heading in the direction Jenovia had pointed.
A pathway of sorts could be seen through the dead forest, clear even after all this time. Her vision whipped past the blackened husks of trees, and passed by large craters that spanned hundreds of yards.  Low buildings were visible on the horizon, and in the blink of an eye, Sayana looked down upon the ruins of a once-great city, half frozen in a glacial wall a hundred yards high. 
Those parts of the city not entombed in ice were littered with crumbling buildings, most of them intact. Like the rest of the landscape, it appeared to be devoid of life, so Sayana concentrated and narrowed her vision further.
Walls flashed past, the remnants of a living city fallen into decay. If Sayana could have seen her own face, she would have noticed a slight crease on her forehead, for even at this distance she could sense a strange energy permeating the city. The intensity of the energy grew stronger as she plunged through the cracked flagstones in pursuit of answers.
It was now taking quite an effort of concentration to maintain her vision. Something unusual was happening, forcing her to muster all of her considerable will to keep going. She held focus a little while longer and caught a glimpse of something bright just at the edge of her vision, right before the image suddenly vanished. 
Sayana reeled in shock as her focus snapped back to her surroundings, and it took a moment to recover from the sudden transition.
“Are you alright?” Robert asked, hesitantly moving towards her to offer her help if need be. She held up a hand to stave off his advance as she shook off the sudden disconnect.
I saw the bright light Ovis spoke of, Sayana announced, causing intense interest to spark amongst her audience. The place was warm, deep underground, but something cut off my vision as I closed in. I felt a presence... I'm not sure what it was though.
“You felt the spirits of all those who perished in the city,” Jenovia counselled. “The unquiet dead, seeking to find rest that will never come.”
No, I think it was something else, something connected to the place itself. I can't tell from a distance, but I'll know when I'm there.
“Alright, I'll go and get Nel and Pace, and you can take us there,” Aiden said as he headed for the door.
That won't be necessary, Sayana responded. I know where to go, what to look for and I can be there and back within minutes. 
“Sy, wait,” Robert protested, prompting her to pause. “You can't risk going in there by yourself. We work as a team, remember?”
None of you can see the dangers you will face, Sayana replied. I can simply dart inside, grab what we need and return. If I bring all of you along, we spend more time within the city, thus increasing the risk of harm. 
“If you get in over your head, we might not be able to get to you in time,” Robert insisted. “Hell, you were lucky to be alive after putting yourself through that bloody machine at the tower. You've got to stop acting so impulsively. We can help you.”
Sayana looked at the man she loved, who appeared quite dashing in his gleaming armor in spite of his unshaven appearance and scarred face. She reached out with her mind and touched his ever so briefly before Terinus noticed. There was pain evident behind Robert's scarred exterior, but after a moment of connection she realized what was motivating his recent attitude. It was so obvious she chastised herself for missing it so completely.
He was afraid of losing her. 
They really needed to have a private chat to resolve some issues, but this wasn't the time or place. Sayana opted for a simpler method of communication, walking up to him and planting a soft kiss on his lips, communicating her feelings in a more direct way than words ever could. The sensation sent a cascade of energy and emotion through her, something she wanted to experience more completely at a more appropriate time. Although surprised, Robert didn't protest and when she pulled away, there was a sparkle in his blue eye.
“You're not going to lose me,” she whispered into his ear, then with a faint smile she pictured the entrance to the city and opened a channel through the Aether. With a flash of violet light, she was at the desired location in the blink of an eye.
The ruins of Botai surrounded her, bathed in the half-light of perpetual dusk. Snow and ice lay thick upon the surface, but it all paled into insignificance next to the immense glacier slowly engulfing the city. In a few more centuries, Botai would be permanently encased in ice, effectively buried for all time. 
A bitter wind howled through the streets, whipping up minute twisters of snow. Sayana extended an aura of warmth to protect against the cold. She wasn't concerned about the temperature, although if the others had come with her, they most certainly would have been. Her attention was focused on a continuous stream of tiny sparks shooting through her body with such speed she barely noticed.
They were invisible, seemingly wild and random. Unsure what to make of this, the sorceress encased herself in a field of energy, hoping it would stop the curious phenomenon. The tiny sparks continued to cascade along the sphere, effectively protecting her from any potential harm they might cause. 
Satisfied she was safe, Sayana summoned her energy and levitated above the ground, rejoicing in the relief she felt. She flew down what appeared to have been the main road towards the center of the ruins. The elements had not been kind to Botai in the years since its desertion. Only the buildings made of stone had survived to any degree, while others had been reduced to piles of frozen rubble. It was clear to Sayana there would be little of value on the surface, so she sent her inner vision below, searching for the place she’d seen only minutes earlier. 
There were no signs of life at all, yet as she scanned the ruins, she had a strong sense that something or someone was watching her. No eyes stared at her from the darkness, no ominous footsteps or scuttling sounds came at her in the distance, yet Sayana couldn't help chasing shadows in the corner of her eye. From the legends Ovis and Jenovia had imparted, Sayana had anticipated company on her journey through Botai, but its elusive nature continued to confound her.
Her mind discovered a familiar looking place below the surface of the city, reminiscent of her brief, remotely viewed foray through the ancient tunnels and quickly teleported directly there. The wind ceased immediately, along with the light, but her sight went far beyond the visible spectrum and it posed no problem for her. The sparks dancing along the edge of her protective sphere intensified, so she channeled more of her power to ward them off. She didn't know if they were harmful or not, but it was wise to avoid potential risk.
The temperature was milder at this level, most likely the result of simply getting out of the wind. She appeared to be in the basement of some large building, possibly akin to a tavern or inn. Recalling the path she had taken during her remote viewing, Sayana pulled apart a rotting door with will alone, and cast the pieces aside, then floated through the gap into a stone tunnel.
For some reason, the occupants of the city had built an extensive underground complex beneath the city proper, which had survived the ravages of time and weather far better than what lay above. She flew along the corridor, darting left and right and occasionally blasting through an ancient stone door as she followed her instincts, seeking the brilliant light from her vision.
The air was becoming noticeably warmer the further she ventured into the city's underground complex, accompanied by the sound of running water from ahead. Sayana entered a large, open space with columns along the walls and cracked marble floors visible under a torrent of water. It became obvious the ice which encrusted the walls was melting. 
A small river flowed over the floor and ran along stairs and through the cracks. The temperature was well above freezing in this place, far more than she would have assumed simply from being away from the surface. Something down here was generating heat, and it had to be connected to the blazing light she had seen.
When she rounded a corner, she caught a glimpse of that light from ahead, coming through the cracks in a wall. The water flowed over the edge of the shattered flagstones and tumbled into a dark abyss just before reaching the illuminated wall, but more importantly, the sparks bombarding Sayana's shield had increased to an alarming degree. 
If this long-abandoned place had a guardian, it would most likely be somewhere close by. Wishing this experience to be over with, she began to hover forwards. A faint sound could be heard from ahead, barely audible over the flowing water at her feet. It almost sounded like chanting, but as she closed in, darkness enveloped her. Sayana tried adjusting her sight repeatedly to no avail. It was then she felt a strange choking sensation as something reached out and tried to suffocate the life from her. 
Bewildered, the sorceress channeled a surge of power and created a burst of electricity crackling all around her. Lightning cascaded off the darkness and an ominous roar shook the ruins. Jenovia's warning had proven correct — she was not alone down here. Again, she channeled energy and summoned a ball of light as bright as day to push back the darkness and reveal her foe.
The blackness receded but a glance at her surroundings gave no further clue as to what had attacked her. Long shadows danced around the edge of her vision, made stark by the intensity of the light she had created. A glimmer of movement from below caught her attention, and looking down she was startled to see a huge claw reaching up from her own shadow.
Talons of darkness swept through her body, bypassing her protective magic and draining her life's energy. She gasped in shock as bitter cold seized her, but she had no time to recover before a second wave of blackness engulfed her. 
With a surge of power, she surrounded her body with an aura of crackling energy. The living darkness shuddered as it was scorched with lightning, but did not release her from its grip. Sayana summoned even more energy and used it to invoke a burst of fire, filling the chamber in scorching flames for fifty square yards and more. 
There was nowhere for the shadow to hide, so it shrieked and let her go at last. Sayana deflected the flames away as she soared to the chamber's ceiling and took a moment to catch her breath. The fires rained down into the water, fizzling out on contact and gradually vanishing in a cloud of steam. As the illumination subsided, shadows began to appear once more around the periphery of the flooded chamber, each of them shifting around as if alive of their own accord. 
What Sayana had thought was a single entity turned out to be an army of living shadows, each existing in a place between the pure darkness of the undercity and the bright light shining from whatever lay at the far side of the chamber. Whether they were guardians or simply bizarre dimensional parasites, they lay between Sayana and her goal. 
The shadows crowded into the gulf between her and the bright light beyond, jostling for position in a manner she could only describe as “hungry”. The mere fact they hesitated spoke to a level of instinct, or perhaps even rudimentary intelligence. They had tried to take her down quickly, but underestimated what they were dealing with. If true, they would not make that mistake again.
The obvious solution was to pass them entirely with a quick dimensional shunt, but when she attempted this, she felt the same jolting sensation as when she had tried to approach the bright light with her remote vision. There was something in that chamber preventing her entry through arcane means, forcing her to resort to more practical methods to achieve her goal.
Sensing they were building up numbers for another assault, Sayana briefly considered teleporting back to the fort for reinforcements, but something else occurred to her. In the brief time since she received the augment, Sayana had learned to keep her power under control lest she harm someone without meaning to. Here, in the dark confines of a long-dead city, there was nobody around to accidentally hurt and no need to avoid collateral damage. 
Sayana didn't have to hold back.
With blazing eyes, she summoned so much power her hair was standing on end. Focusing her thoughts, she unleashed it on a nearby column of stone, turning it white-hot and detonating it, showering the immediate area with molten rock. Again and again, Sayana sent out bolts of fire, scattering the living shadows as the chamber shook from multiple explosions. They seemed to dislike intense light, so she lit up the place as brightly as she could.
Steam billowed from the floor beneath her as chunks of molten stone fell into the water, obscuring the view and melting more of the ice. Huge slabs detached from the wall and ceiling and plummeted through the air, narrowly missing Sayana as she pivoted to avoid the frozen mass. Shadows were being cast from all corners of the chamber, scattering the area with fleeting areas obscured from light.
Each time she fell into shadow, a claw would emerge and slash at her, passing through all of her defenses and draining energy with each swipe. Sayana winced in pain and felt her power dwindling, and she didn't even know if her display of power had vanquished any of the horrid things. She channeled energy through her body to regenerate the wounds she was rapidly accruing, and then lashed out with bursts of electricity.
One by one, she turned the living shadows into puffs of dark vapor, but they were being replaced as fast as she could destroy them. Sayana became so focused on destroying the plague, she failed to see a large chunk of ice fall from the ceiling in her vicinity. It struck her on the side of the head, mostly absorbed by her spectral armor as she was sent tumbling through the air.
She righted herself quickly enough, but found herself levitating in the shadow of a large pillar of ice. A huge claw twice her size reached out and enveloped her, draining her life's energy with its touch. Although she was able to withstand its grasp, the huge shadow was still only one amongst dozens. Below her, a horde of the monsters formed amongst the blocks of ice and skittered in her direction. 
With her power failing, she looked around desperately for an edge against so many. It suddenly occurred to her they were moving through the steaming water, and earlier had showed a vulnerability to electricity. Digging deeply into her reserves, Sayana invoked a bolt of lightning into the water, sending a wave of sparks and smaller discharges through the gathering shadows. Half of them were vaporized on the spot, while the others wailed in pain as parts of their body wafted away.
Struggling against the grasp of the huge claw, Sayana instinctively lashed out with her fists. Her futile blows passed straight through the ephemeral creature without effect. She tried to draw in energy from the surrounding air in an effort to invigorate her flagging reserves, but there was nothing but living darkness around her.
Feeling her consciousness begin to slip away, Sayana desperately pulled what energy she had left and focused it on her hands. Gauntlets of spectral energy appeared over her fists and with all the strength she could muster, she slammed into the huge shadow holding her in its grip.
The magical constructs impacted with full force upon the monster, and with pain and surprise it released Sayana from its clutches. Unable to arrest her descent, she fell into the steaming waters below and felt her left leg buckle beneath her. A flash of hot pain seared her senses and she drew in a deep breath, simultaneously energizing her body and taking in a lungful of fresh air.
Mentally setting aside the pain in her leg, she attempted to levitate above the ground and resume the fight, only to find her strength insufficient. The living shadows were gathering once more after her initial assault, their numbers seemingly undiminished. Directly before her, the big one who’d held her in its clutches had recovered from her counterattack and bore down on her position.
In the wild, Sayana had seen a pack of wolves follow a bigger, meaner wolf out of fear. When the pack leader was taken down, the others dispersed. She hoped these creatures felt the same way or what she was about to attempt was going to end badly for her.
The sorceress was able to generate enough energy to leap into the air, and with her spectral gauntlets, physically grabbed the essence of the shadow and drove it into the floor. Flagstones shattered underneath as she pounded the shadowy monster, evaporating part of its form as it flailed at her with its claws.
Shrieking as its body was evaporated, the monstrous shadow thrashed about, lashing Sayana with tendrils of darkness as it sought to avoid its impending oblivion. In desperation, it burst out from underneath, but Sayana held on tight as the shadow headed straight for the waterfall at the edge of the shattered floor.
Running on a surge of adrenaline, she grasped the ephemeral matter of its being in one hand and sought to crush it out of existence with the other. Just as they slipped the bonds of earth and sailed through the breach, Sayana dealt the finishing blow and the creature evaporated into a dark mist, with a shriek that seemed to come from the very depths of the earth.
Her energy almost gone, Sayana slowed her fall enough to avoid a fatal landing, but the impact knocked the air from her lungs. Slowly, one hand at a time, the sorceress clawed her way back up, her heart thudding in her chest as she ascended. After an interminable passing of time, she pulled herself over the edge near the top of the waterfall, back onto firm footing.
Breathing hard from the effort, it suddenly occurred to Sayana she had not been harassed by the remaining shadows on her ascent. Turning her head, she dozens of them gathered on the other side of the rift. 
She magnified the light in her eyes and stared out at the army of monsters, simultaneously letting out an audible growl. Their morale broke at the prospect of facing her again, and they fled to the far corners of the chamber. 
Satisfied they were suitably cowed, Sayana bottled her simmering fury and limped into an open doorway ahead, where the bright yellow light was coming from. It was not a surprise to see two towering blocks of stone with glowing metal veins, practically identical to the twin devices back at the fort. 
The floor here had cracked, and the entire room was inclined with a pool of water drowning part of the left-most machine. Occasional sparks flared from the device, as well as the tiny motes of energy which darted around at the edge of her vision. This was the source of the dangerous energy she had shielded herself against, and quite possibly the reason she could neither teleport, nor see into this place. 
Between the two devices was the source of the light, a crystal the size of a person's head, glowing so brightly Sayana had to shield her eyes. It was quite warm down here and devoid of the monsters which dwelled in the surrounding twilight, so she took a moment to look around for anything else of value.
There was a bench with tools upon it, evidently some kind of workshop, long abandoned. Upon it were a few weapons and pieces of equipment which glowed in Sayana's augmented sight. She gathered a few pieces into a sack, then turned to the crystal bridge itself. 
Careful to avoid the sparks, she saw the mechanism connected between the two hulking devices, both of which hummed with power. Following the diagram she had seen Aiden peering at, she reached up to a large lever and pulled it in a downwards motion. The yellow light ceased immediately, as did the humming noise. 
Relying upon her enhanced vision, Sayana carefully examined the brackets holding the bridge in place and, too tired to be bothered doing a proper job, simply grabbed hold of the entire assembly and summoned her power. Her energy was barely sufficient to the task and as she felt her consciousness slip with the drain of bridging two locations, she knew Robert was probably going to have a fit at her unavoidably dramatic arrival.

Chapter Eleven

“If we do get this thing going, it'll more than cover what the portal needs,” Aiden called, raising his voice to be heard outside the boundaries of the generator. He was lying on the floor with the upper half of his body inside the device, looking up at its inner workings. “There are cylinders similar to the smaller generators we've used before stacked right up to the top.”
“As I suspected,” Terinus rasped, though Aiden could barely hear him from his covered position. Pacian pulled on Aiden's legs to bring him out and offered him a hand to help him up.
“Whatever it was designed to power needed a lot more energy than we do,” Aiden continued.  “Once it's working, my main concern lies with the possibility it could overload and destroy the portal.”
“Or simply melt the conduits, stranding us here all the same,” Terinus mused. “It is an imperfect solution, and I am forced to hope it will hold together long enough to affect our escape.”
“Do you think she's getting suspicious?” Pacian prompted in a low voice, glancing towards Marshal Jenovia, who watched their deliberations with an inquisitive expression. “Without Sayana, none of them can understand a word we're saying.”
“I should think we've made it clear we're all working to the same ends,” Aiden suggested. “I'm more concerned about Sy right now.”
“If anyone can take care of herself, it's her,” Pacian suggested.
“Maybe, but this isn't our world, and even she didn't have a clear idea of what she'd be facing.”
“We will give her more time, and when that expires, go to the city ourselves and do what we can,” Terinus said. “Until we know more, speculation is pointless.”
Aiden nodded and rubbed his forehead. He wasn't sure how long they'd been in this world of perpetual twilight, but it felt like he hadn't slept in a while. With no chairs in the room, he resigned himself to sitting on the cold, hard floor to await Sayana's return. Robert took another approach, contenting himself with pacing pack and forth across the room to while away the time.
The mercenary seemed wrapped up in his feelings for her, having alternated between ambivalence and genuine feeling over the past few weeks. Right now, he clearly wished he was there to help Sayana face whatever this world had to throw at her. 
The escardi were taking it in their stride. It was obvious they had grown accustomed to disappointment, after decades of failing to open the door to leave this world. Some went about their usual business, mending worn clothing and cooking. It appeared to be a stew made from simple roots able to survive in the harsh climate, and meat from the insectoid creatures Jenovia had spoken of. 
Parts of this creature were used in various ways throughout the community. Its carapace was large enough to serve as bowls and for the smaller escardi, rudimentary armor. Talons were reused as tools, and Aiden didn't want to meet the creature those sharp appendages came from.
He pulled out the Lexicon and to pass the time, began gleaning details of his new gauntlets from its glowing, ephemeral pages. Both pieces of armor were truly rare finds, especially given their excellent condition. The last gauntlet he had was in a terrible state, barely functional and limited to barely a minute of use at a time. With no signs of wear on either of these relics, Aiden was confident they would perform far better than his original.
One gauntlet was definitely a weapon in its own right. An accomplished researcher of sa’quaarin artifice, Aiden was able to narrow down the activation runes in short order and figured he knew enough to operate it safely. He was so engrossed with his work he barely noticed Pacian sit down next to him.
“Are we still friends?” the former ascetic asked, taking Aiden by surprise. He closed the Lexicon and stared at Pacian before answering.
“I don't know. Things have been so hectic lately I haven't thought about it.”
“That's my point. I'm here, helping out in my own unique way, and I don't know if I'm wanted or appreciated.”
“What brought this on?” Aiden inquired. “I thought you were here looking for redemption from Nellise.”
“There is that, but I wanted to be clear about where I stand with you,” Pacian clarified. “We used to be friends, but I've had a lot of time to think about us over the past couple of years, and I wonder — were we ever? Did I just push myself into your life and you were too nice to tell me to bugger off?”
“I can't remember anything from before the day I fell into that bloody hole,” Aiden reminded him. “My near-death experience in the mountains of Akora left me a bit short in that regard, so I can't answer, sorry.”
“That's a real shame. We had some fun, you and I,” Pacian said with a faint smile stimulated by warm memories Aiden no longer shared. 
“I wish I could remember it all, but even if I could, I'm not sure it has any bearing on the present. Assuming we survive this and things settle down, can you see yourself attending a royal dinner with Criosa and I? Sipping brandy by the fire with courtiers and the nobility? Answering questions about your past with 'I used to murder people'? That's what awaits Nellise and I, as I'm certain Criosa will reinstate our titles. The best you could expect from her is a pardon, although you probably shouldn't count on that. What exactly are you looking for?”
“Direction, purpose, the usual things,” Pacian answered with a flat voice. “I don't see Nellise and I getting back together, there's too much blood and history between us to mend things, and I can't return to the monastery either. Not after the way I left.”
“That kind of sums up where we are, doesn't it,” Aiden pointed out. “Too much blood and history, indeed.”
“Yeah, that's what I thought,” Pacian remarked just as a flash of violet light erupted in the middle of the chamber. The link they needed to complete the generators appeared, a large metal brace work with a huge yellow crystal in the middle. Next to it, covered in muck and grime was Sayana, who promptly collapsed on top of the brace. At her appearance the entire chamber erupted into movement.
Robert ran straight for the sorceress, lifting her limp body in his arms and checking her pulse while Terinus and Aiden looked on. 
“She's alive, but out cold,” Robert reported. “Get Nellise in here, now!” he shouted at Pacian, who nodded and ran out the door. “I told her she needed our help and now look what happened.”
“She succeeded, is what she did,” Aiden pointed out as he glanced at the relic. “It looks intact, and the crystal is still warm.”
“It's quite possible there was another pair of generators at the heart of the city, still intact,” Terinus remarked. “Let's move it into position and begin the connection. Do you have the strength to move it yourself?”
“You know I do,” Aiden reminded him. He traced the glyphs on the gauntlet covering his right hand and moments later, a familiar dull hum emerged from it, as Aiden felt strength surge through his body. He waited for Robert to lift Sayana clear of the brace work, then with the escardi looking on, hefted the entire thing by himself. With careful hands he guided the rig over to the gap between the two huge generators, then set it back down.
“It looks like she just ripped it out of the wall,” he remarked. “It won't go straight in like this — the ends need to be cleared.”
Terinus touched his staff to one end of the rig, and with a flash of light and the smell of charred metal, part of it came away. Ovis, watching closely, followed his example and used a crowbar to lever the other end clear of obstruction. They might not be able to communicate in their usual manner, but everyone seemed to be able to figure out what needed to be done.
Pacian returned with Nellise in tow, just as Aiden slotted the assembly into position. Terinus began to examine the connection with Ovis hovering close by. A few metal clasps were snapped into place, but aside from that, there was little else that needed to be done.
“I think it's ready for activation,” the wizard rasped, only to find his audience distracted. Aiden was watching Nellise tend to Sayana, for she was still unconscious.
“It's exhaustion, pure and simple,” the cleric explained. “Given her evident good health before she left, I am forced to assume her current state is the result of exposure to something from the city.”
“Will she recover?” Robert pressed.
“Stop fretting,” Sayana softly groaned aloud, much to the relief of all present. “I'll be fine once I have time to regenerate.”
“What happened?” Robert inquired while wiping her face with a damp cloth. 
“Monsters, and something else. Something invisible. I think it was coming from the generators.” 
“Wait, do you think —” Aiden began, turning to watch as Terinus threw the lever which sent a shudder through the entire fort.
A low hum began to build and within moments, the crystal flared to life. Brilliant yellow light illuminated the chamber and sparks flew from various places along the metal bridgework. A cry of triumph went up from Ovis and the other escardi, who had finally seen the task of generations come to fruition.
“Oh no,” Sayana whispered, barely audible over the noise. “We can't stay here, it's going to kill everyone.”
“We're not exactly planning to move in, honey,” Robert grunted. “Our hosts are already grabbing their things so we should probably start heading for the portal.” Terinus rejoined them after performing a few checks on the devices.
“It is functional, after a fashion,” he rasped. “The assembly is emitting a strange energy which I believe to be dangerous to living beings. I find it hard to believe it was designed to do this, so we should probably... oh, I see you're already making for the door.”
“These cables are getting hot, too,” Aiden replied, feeling the heat rising from the conduits. “Maybe we should get everyone to the portal before turning it on?” A flash of sparks erupted from the generators, and the light from the crystal dimmed for a moment. The brief display grabbed the attention of everyone in the room for a long moment, then the escardi stormed for the door. Jenovia shouted orders to them over the top of the ruckus, gesticulating towards the exit. 
“We need to talk to her, and fast,” Aiden muttered. “Sy, can you manage it?”
“Sorry, I'm spent,” the sorceress apologized as Robert helped her stand. “Those horrid things drained me of my strength.”
“I think they've got the right idea anyway,” Pacian remarked. “Perhaps we should just get out of here as soon as possible?”
“No argument here,” Nellise confided. Aiden waved an arm to catch Jenovia's attention, then made a shape in the air resembling a box and pointed out the door. The Marshal nodded in understanding and followed the others out of the room.
“I think we're on the same page now,” Aiden said to the others as they gathered up their equipment. As they headed out the door, he looked back and saw sparks continuing to fly from the rickety generator, and hoped it would hold together long enough to allow their escape.
Intense cold slammed Aiden in the face as they emerged into the courtyard of the old fort. It was swarming with escardi, all of whom were either gathering up their meagre supplies or helping the less fortunate to their feet. Nellise had done what she could for them, providing a modicum of healing and addressing the more serious cases of disease, but there was only so much even she could do in the allotted time. 
Travel from the fort was slow at first, for while a sense of urgency hung in the air regarding their fate, many of the injured and sick could only move so fast. Carthack and his hunters kept a vigil on the edge of the group, but the number of healthy warriors was far too few to effectively protect so many. It still amazed Aiden they had survived here for so long under such harsh conditions. The wind had eased from its earlier strength, but it still cut like a knife.
“Carthack looks tense,” Pacian remarked as his eyes darted along the horizon. “Almost as if he's expecting trouble.”
“Jenovia talked of insectoid monsters roaming the wastes,” Aiden said to anybody within earshot. 
“Stay alert,” Robert ordered while half-carrying Sayana beside him. “Is there any way we can just teleport straight there?”
“I recall the location well enough to return there,” Terinus answered. “I can manage a few at a time. Perhaps six, no more. I should go ahead and prepare the portal anyway, so I will take some with me.”
“You do that,” Robert muttered as the wizard looked to the nearest civilians. He chose half a dozen women of various ages and gathered them around. They fell behind as Terinus began to chant the incantation, and their confused expressions turned to astonishment right before they vanished in a flash of violet light.
“At least it should be up and running as soon as we get there,” Aiden said to mollify Robert. 
“I'm just hoping we don't need his talents if we get attacked by giant insects,” the mercenary replied ruefully. “Did you see the carapaces some of these people are wearing? Damned things must be nearly the size of a man, and they've had plenty of contact with each other.”
“Do you think they're going to know the escardi are abandoning the fort at this particular moment?” Aiden suggested.
“If something can go wrong, it will go wrong,” Robert uttered. “This is the worst time for an ambush, so expect it. Hey you,” he said, garnering the attention of an escardi man towering alongside him. “Carry my luggage, would you? I can't protect you if I'm carting our womenfolk around.”
“You're so lucky I'm too tired to make you pay for that remark,” Sayana mumbled as the mercenary handed her off to the escardi, who seemed to grasp the meaning of Robert's words, and carried her in his oversized arms with ease. Robert drew Aeon Invictus from its sheath and held his shield in the other hand, drawing envious looks from escardi warriors wielding little more than plain bows and huge clubs of wood.
The exodus through the dead forest, which gradually thickened as they travelled until the column of desperate people was walking through a tunnel of interlocking branches. Pacian moved further along the column while Robert chose to bring up the rear, leaving Aiden and Nellise to keep an eye out along the flanks. Jenovia easily carried the repeating arbalest from her office, a cartridge of bolts ready and waiting to shoot.
“Robert's paranoia not withstanding,” the cleric said, “I don't even know what we're looking for.”
“Hopefully nothing will happen at all and the portal stays open long enough for everyone to get through,” Aiden responded. “Carthack's hunters are setting me on edge, though. They really look like they're expecting trouble at any moment. I wish we could talk with them.”
“I do have a prayer which will enable me to communicate with one person at a time,” Nellise confided. “It's not nearly as efficient as Sayana's trick, though. I was about to suggest it when everything happened at once back at the fort.”
“Oh, brilliant,” Aiden exclaimed. “Better late than never I suppose. Talk to Carthack and find out what's going on.” Nellise nodded and took out her crystal, and after whispering a quick prayer walked up to the hulking escardi hunter and caught his attention.
They conferred for a moment before Aiden's curiosity got the better of him. He caught up to them and listened as Carthack explained something to Nellise in his native tongue. 
“Carthack says their patrol came across distinctive footprints before they stumbled across ours,” Nellise translated. “He's using a word that doesn't have any meaning for me — 'saerid'. I think he's referring to the insect creatures.” She paused as Carthack grunted out a few more words. “They have been passing through here frequently of late. He's certain all of this activity will attract them, and he's worried they might go to the portal chamber before us.”
“Are these creatures sapient?” Aiden asked curiously, the subject piquing the interest of his inner scholar. 
“More than regular animals it would seem, though the escardi do not hold them in high regard. They are predators, and have killed and eaten many of their people over the years. They are, however, the primary food source for these people and as they have been forced to fight and eat them to survive. I gather this is the unfortunate reason for the escardi's dwindling population.”
“How do they fight?” Aiden pressed.
“Claws, mostly,” Nellise replied after a moment of translation. “Some of them have learned to use bows and other weapons taken from fallen patrols. They are able to camouflage themselves quite effectively and predominately lie in ambush. Carthack is evidently unhappy with the sudden nature of the evacuation. He would have preferred to move people in small groups so they could be —”
A scream of pain erupted from further along the column, interrupting Nellise's translation. Carthack turned immediately and raised a thick chunk of ancient wood as he ran across the frozen ground towards the noise. Aiden and Nellise followed cautiously, unsure what they'd be facing. 
When they rounded a bend in the path, Aiden laid eyes on a white, spindly creature as tall as a man, barely visible against the snow-covered landscape. It possessed six limbs, and appeared to be similar to a gigantic praying mantis. The claws of the creature had eviscerated one of the weaker escardi who had strayed slightly from the path. The poor soul was screaming as he was dragged deeper into the forest, leaving a trail of bright red blood on the pristine white ground.
Nellise raised her crossbow and sought a clear shot at the saerid when Pacian appeared out of thin air, directly behind it. The point of his scythe erupted from its thorax, along with an ear-shattering screech and a burst of blood. Pacian vanished once more, leaving the mortally crippled creature to collapse onto the ground, and writhe in pain as its life's blood spilled onto the snow. 
Nellise immediately ran forward to attend to the injured man, while Aiden nervously kept watch for signs of more creatures. From the both ends of the column came the sounds of fighting, leaving Aiden momentarily indecisive about how to respond.
“I'll keep her safe,” Pacian's voice whispered in his ear. “Do what you have to do.” His decision made easier, Aiden bolted for the rear of the column as the sounds of Carthack’s bellowed orders echoed across the ground. Jenovia added her voice to the chorus as she attempted to keep everyone moving and safe.
When Aiden reached the rear of the column, he had to pause a moment to take in the scene before him. Literally dozens of the insectoid creatures were rushing towards them over the icy ground, running on four legs with their other two appendages raised to strike. The trailing ranks of the escardi pushed themselves to move faster, but there was simply no way to outrun the skittering creatures.
Robert was already engaging the vanguard of the assault. The mercenary faced off against three saerid, each of whom lashed at him with their sizable claws. Robert pivoted and maneuvered to deflect an attack with his shield while taking those he couldn't stop on his armor. Sparks flew as their talons failed to pierce the vythiric surface, leaving his mighty weapon free to slash and cut in response to their attacks.
The saerid were fast and agile, able to dodge most of his swings, but when one failed to move fast enough, Aeon Invictus cut right through the carapace and severed the flesh underneath. The mercenary warrior dropped two of the creatures in short order, but would soon be overwhelmed and surrounded. It was also entirely possible they would simply bypass him completely and strike deep into the column of fleeing refugees. Aiden couldn't allow that to happen.
Having activated both gauntlets, he charged towards Robert's last remaining opponent and struck it with his armored fist. The saerid was thrown back half a dozen yards and landed awkwardly, oozing blood. 
“Keep close to the column or they'll just go around us,” Aiden advised Robert who paused for a moment to catch his breath.
“You think I don't know that?” he shot back as they surveyed the approaching horde. “What are you going to do?”
“This,” Aiden replied, raising his left fist, and twitching his thumb when the back of the gauntlet was aligned with his desired target. It was an odd way to activate the device, but the instructions in the Lexicon had described it this way. The gauntlet emitted a high-pitched whine and a moment later a brilliant light burst forth, filling his ears with the sound of crackling energy.
The bolt vaporized everything in its path, leaving a trail of saerid carcasses with huge, gaping chunks seared from their bodies, and steam rising from the ground where the snow had melted. The remaining creatures swarmed around the smoldering carcasses and continued their advance. 
“So much for avoiding us,” Aiden lamented as the monsters bore down on their position. With a tight grip on his sword he invoked a layer of spectral armor to protect himself, heedless of the need to use sorcery once more. 
The battle was a flurry of movement and screeching insects as the two men fought back to back. Although Aiden wasn't an expert like his counterpart, the pure strength afforded him by his relic gauntlet, allowed him to simply power through any attempt at defense. Shells cracked and limbs snapped as he frantically swept his blade back and forth. 
More and more of the saerid fell, but Aiden also felt the sting of more than one claw as the creatures battered away at his spectral armor. Once the immediate area started to clear he could see the two men had gained support from nearby. Jenovia, armed with her massive arbalest, was taking down a saerid with each shot. 
Through their combined efforts, the assault collapsed and the few remaining saerid were smart enough to break off the attack and run for cover, gradually disappearing into craters on either side of the path. Aiden and Robert pulled back to Jenovia's position, and together they fell back as one group to rejoin the column. 
The three of them moved ahead, noting the number of injured amongst the ranks of the refugees had increased. Nellise was being kept busy trying to keep them on their feet and moving, While Pacian kept a close eye on the surroundings. Half a dozen saerid lay around him, some severed entirely in half. 
Guessing he had things under control, Aiden pressed on until they arrived at another skirmish, where Carthack and his team were trying to push back another horde of the monsters. Jenovia set about reloading the arbalest while Robert charged straight in, confident his equipment and training would keep him safe. 
Aiden moved to one side, seeking the optimal position from which unleash his deadly weapon. When he found a spot clear of defenders, he once again raised his fist and a brilliant lance of energy seared everything in its path. The shriek of dying saerid was drowned by the detonation, magnified as part of the landscape simply collapsed beneath their skittering feet. 
A dozen of the creatures scrambled for purchase on the disintegrating ground and eventually fell into the yawning abyss the gauntlet had opened up. The ground cracked and fell away, dropping most of the saerid into a deep gouge in the earth that now stretched across the path the column had been following. 
With the enemy numbers greatly reduced, Robert and Carthack were able to press their advantage. The huge escardi warrior used his great club with devastating effect, cracking skull casings and sending more of the monsters flying back through the air with his immense strength.
Sensing the battle was turning against them, the remaining saerid finally broke off the attack and withdrew into the dead forest. In their wake were nearly twenty gravely wounded men and women, along with half a dozen who had not survived the ambush.
“This can't be normal,” Robert said between ragged breaths. “If our friends were under attack by this many all the time, they should have perished long ago. Damn I hate it when I'm right.”
“Let's just get them to the portal in more or less one piece,” Aiden suggested, taking in the crevasse across the path. It was so deep he couldn't see the bottom of it, although the perpetual twilight wasn't helping in that regard. The conduits leading to the portal continued on over the abyss but appeared to be otherwise unaffected.
“Hell of a weapon you've got there,” Robert remarked. “Try not to destroy so much of the landscape next time.”
“This isn't all my doing,” Aiden corrected as the strong wind whipped at his robe. “Look at the gouges along the crevasse walls. It looks like the area has been excavated in the past, and was simply covered up by decaying old braces.”
“I'm not a miner, Aiden,” Robert grunted. “I'll just take your word for it. Carthack is already starting to lead his people around the scenery so don't be overly concerned about the carnage. If this all works out, there won't be anyone remaining to care. Move along the left flank and watch for further enemy movement. I can't speak to the escardi scouts so I need you and Pace to be my eyes and ears.”
“I'm on it,” Aiden concurred, moving through the ranks of the escardi refugees to keep watch as Robert instructed. 
The column began moving once more, but fewer in number. Although accustomed to loss, the escardi felt vulnerable outside their fortress and the tension showed on their faces. Staying near the front of the column, Aiden watched their left flank as they marched on and before long, the small building housing the portal could be seen.
With their goal in sight, the men and women in the column began hurrying forward. The door ahead was wide open, beckoning them on but Aiden detected a faint trace of dark smoke wafting from within.
“That can't be good,” he muttered. He noticed more saerid approaching from the left, and contemplated whether to charge out and run them down, when a curtain of light flared before him, extending far to either side along the length of the column. Nellise stood not far from Aiden, her eyes on the heavens and a look of serenity on her face.
“Keep moving,” she ordered with a voice strained from effort. Realizing she couldn't keep this up forever, Aiden rushed to aid those who had been injured. With his enhanced strength still surging through his body, he was able to easily lift an older escardi man who must have weighed nearly three hundred pounds. 
Yard by yard, they pushed on behind the protective screen of Nellise's wall. Those at the head of the column had already entered the building ahead, and were hopefully stepping through into the Black Tower back in Aielund.
The sheer size of the man Aiden was assisting made it difficult to pass through the door, but after a little maneuvering they managed to squeeze through. Smoke billowed from the portal's arch, but the center was lit with a familiar shifting light. Of Terinus, there was no sign, so Aiden assumed he had already gone through.
Reluctantly at first, the escardi moved through the portal. It was something of legend to these people, but the situation did not warrant staying behind or even pausing to contemplate the possibilities of what lay ahead. To remain behind was to die, and so they moved through the portal with increasing speed. 
Aiden handed his passenger across to another escardi and moved closer to the portal device itself. The heat rising from the conduits was substantial, and smoke was pouring from where they connected to the arch. As he suspected, the generators were providing too much energy to the portal and it was slowly disintegrating. There was nothing he could do except hope it remained open long enough to get everyone through. 
Peering out through the door, Aiden struggled to see what was happening through the press of people rushing for the portal. The light from Nellise's barrier still illuminated the area, and the escardi, so used to the dim half-light of their world, squinted and shielded their eyes. The wall of radiance itself had been adjusted to bend behind the column as people moved past. Robert, once again carrying Sayana, passed through the door.
“Not many to go now,” the mercenary shouted over the noise. “Pace and Nel are still out there, though. More of those bloody insects have gathered on the other side of the wall and are hammering away at it. If she drops the wall, they're going to be inundated.”
“We need to get back out there and assist,” Aiden responded. 
“We need to move these people out of here,” Robert shouted. “Nellise is planning to keep the wall up as long as she can, and she told us to return to the tower and shut down the portal from that side.”
“You're willing to strand her in this bloody place?” Aiden retorted.
“Do you really want these monsters swarming through into Aielund? We shut the bloody portal as soon as possible or we risk losing everything. I'm getting Sy out of here, and I suggest you don't hang around.”
Aiden swore in frustration as Robert took his place in the line and disappeared through the portal. The escardi were practically running now, and the end of the column was in sight. Over two hundred of them had made it through the arch, and within moments they would all be clear. Jenovia was the last to go through, laying a hand on Aiden's shoulder in silent thanks before disappearing from sight.
Outside, Nellise was on her knees, barely able to stay upright as she struggled to keep the barrier of light intact. Dozens of saerid pummeled and lashed against it, heedless of the burns they suffered. They did not appear to be carrying weapons anymore, nor were they attempting to reach Nellise specifically. In that moment, Aiden was struck with the sudden thought that they too were looking to escape, and the level of intelligence they had shown in their brief engagements left him pondering the possibility they too were only trying to survive.
It was too late for anything to be done, however. Smoke billowed from the chamber as the portal's machinery caught fire, and the last of the escardi made it through. Nellise was alone out in the freezing wilderness, wilting under the pressure to maintain the wall which had saved all of their lives, but there was nothing Aiden could do to reach her in time. 
Finally, she faltered, falling to one side as the wall of light vanished. The saerid leaped through and began heading in her direction. It wasn't clear if she was their target, or they merely wanted to reach the portal in time but in any case, she was going to be trampled under their taloned claws.
Reluctantly, Aiden backed towards the portal, unable to pull his gaze away from the horde rushing towards the chamber. Just before they reached Nellise, Pacian appeared next to her with a flash of violet light, put his arms around her and vanished again. Startled at this, Aiden saw them appear right next to him in front of the portal.
“What the hell are you waiting for?” Pacian shouted as he leaped through the ephemeral curtain. Aiden didn't hesitate further, leaping through the device as the flames began to spread. When he slammed into the back of Pacian on the other side, he immediately yelled “Shut it down!” in the hope Terinus was standing by for just such a signal. 
The curtain vanished almost immediately, taking with it the smoke and cold wind which streamed in from the other side, leaving a breathless Aiden to stare up in silent gratitude at the crowded laboratory's ceiling.

Chapter Twelve

The floor upon which Sayana sat was cold and hard, in spite of the repurposed table cloth she’d turned into a makeshift cushion. She leaned against the wall, watching the hectic proceedings inside the tower with mild interest. Over two hundred escardi had arrived and there simply wasn't enough room for them all, even with the tower's impossible dimensions. Lucas and Saffron were in quite a state trying to deal with the sudden increase in population.
Terinus finally relented and opened a door which, as Sayana recalled, lead to the lower floors. Evidently Robert remembered them as well, judging by his reaction.
“You can't be serious,” he growled. “This tower of yours is a deathtrap. Do you want them to freeze to death in the chamber of frozen horrors, or be mashed into a pulp by your mechanical guardians? I know, it's a hard decision so take your time.” 
“Sarcasm is beneath you, Commander Black,” Terinus rasped scathingly. “This door allows direct access to the outdoors, if I will it so. Our guests will bypass the security levels and remain safe, I assure you.” The escardi began filing out through the door which, as Terinus had suggested, showed the calm forests surrounding the tower. 
It was their first experience with living trees, and the look of astonishment on their faces was something to behold. Sayana guessed they probably thought they had arrived in paradise, and for all intents and purposes, compared to the blighted world they had escaped, it was. Carthack paused near the door to stare in wonder at the abundance of life outside, and then turned and clapped a hand on Robert's shoulder and pulled him in for a crushing bear hug.
“Killing me is no way to say 'thanks',” Robert wheezed, although Carthack was oblivious to the meaning of his words. With a large grin on his dark features, the big man joined his people in the land of plenty.
“Beggin' your pardon,” an out-of-breath Lucas said as he threaded his way through a forest of giant legs. “Am I going to ‘av to feed all these people too? It wasn't part of the deal, is all I'm sayin'.”
“I believe they will find all their needs met in the surrounding woods,” Terinus replied as he watched his guests file out through the enchanted door. “We need only care for the sick and injured, until they are able to stand on their own two feet.”
“Phew, I mean, not that I begrudge a little company, but it never rains it pours, y'know?” 
“Is Saffron coping with the wounded?” Terinus asked, ignoring the rambling little butler.
“She's just gettin’ Nellise back into action,” Lucas conceded. “We need all ‘ands on deck for this one.”
“Stay focused and see to your duties,” Terinus rasped, prompting Lucas to scuttle off once more. Sayana could tell the wizard was tired. They all were, given the likelihood they had been stranded on Placidus for a full day and had never felt the desire to sleep. The relief at seeing the sunrise was immeasurable and she wanted nothing more than to sit and regenerate in its warm radiance. Even now, energies were building within her body without any effort on her part. The urge to levitate was strengthening, but she stifled the sensation and kept her focus on surrounding events.
“You don't think those insect things are going to figure out how to get through, do you?” Robert asked of Terinus as the last of the healthy escardi departed the tower. “They weren't stupid, I'll give them that.”
“Aiden informed me the generator was already on fire as he came through,” the wizard answered. “Even if they were intelligent enough to understand the mechanisms, the chance of repairing the portal is virtually nil. Think no more of it. Come, let us see how our guests are faring.”
“Just a moment,” Robert hesitated, looking to Sayana. She knew what was coming. “Sy, are you up for some translating?”
“Yes, I'll manage,” she conceded, rising to her feet and joining them in the hall. Robert's concerned gaze lingered on her for just a moment, and she responded by putting an arm around his waist as they walked. Terinus seemed to take the hint and walked on ahead without them, his staff clicking on the floor with each step.
“Your armor is very cold,” Sayana whispered as she leaned up against Robert's metal sides.
“It was a cold place,” he replied. “Don't ever do that again,” he added softly, getting straight to the point as always.
“But I like cuddling with you,” Sayana teased.
“Not that, I mean the...you know what I mean. From now on, when you get it in your head to take off and deal with some kind of situation, you're taking me with you, got it?”
“Maybe,” Sayana hedged. “You were really angry with me so I didn't feel inclined to bring you along. I've felt like an outsider since undergoing this change, almost as if everyone was afraid of me.”
“It's not every day we see a blue-skinned demigod walking among us,” Robert explained casually, looking at her with his blue eye. Sayana recalled the battle in which she had cost the man his other eye, slashing it out with an axe. How he had forgiven her for this terrible injury she might never understand, but in their private moments, his tenderness shone through and she hated the thought of losing it. 
“What exactly did you see in that city anyway?” Robert continued, absently rubbing his chest with one hand.
“Darkness,” Sayana answered cryptically. She didn't really want to talk about it.
“I still think you should have taken me with you.”
“Honestly, you would have just been in the way,” Sayana answered. “That place was crawling with strange shadowy creatures who tried to suck the life out of me. Look, we can go into that more later. I'd rather talk about us.” 
“Yeah, okay,” Robert grunted. After a few moments neither of them had said anything.
“This isn't talking, it's walking,” Sayana pointed out.
“Probably.”
Okay, I'll start, Sayana said, switching to her mind-speech without even thinking about it. 
“Do you have to do that?” Robert sighed.
It's difficult not to, she admitted. 
“Your eyes just started glowing again, too. I take it you'll be flying above the ground again any minute now?”
It doesn't change who I am inside, Sayana reminded him. I'm not going to leave you.
“Well... we'll see,” Robert said, putting up his walls again. Sayana hid her disappointment as she realized mending their differences wasn't going to happen without more work. They separated when they arrived in the dining room which had been repurposed into a triage center. The diminutive Saffron was busy attending to the dozen or so men and women lying upon blankets spread over the floor. 
Nellise, free from the confines of her armor, went about helping where she could, although without rest she was unable to channel the healing energies which would speed their recovery. Instead, she applied poultices to wounds left after the shafts of broken arrows were painfully removed. 
Jenovia was performing the same task on the other side of the room, but as Sayana's enhanced sight returned, she could tell the Marshal was applying spiritual energies in the process, a curious form of healing the sorceress had never before witnessed. 
“How's everything going in here, then?” Robert asked the entire room. Sayana sent out his meaning in very basic terms for the minds of everyone to understand. 
“Ah, we are able to communicate again,” Jenovia exclaimed. “I believe everyone here will survive, thanks to your efforts. I never thought we would leave that frozen hell in my lifetime. Thank you again.”
“It was not the purpose of our visit to Placidus,” Terinus replied, “merely a fortunate coincidence.”
“Why did you come?” Jenovia inquired curiously.
“We sought powerful relics and weaponry to fight our enemy,” Aiden answered. “The same people who likely had a hand in that world's destruction threaten our home with a similar fate. Instead of finding what we came for, we were lucky to get out of there at all. I mean, you're welcome, but we have nothing to show for it.”
Not true, Sayana interjected. While I was in the city, I saw a workbench laden with curious objects. I swept them into a sack and brought them along.
“What? Where?” Aiden asked. “You didn't leave them behind, did you?”
You will find them in the laboratory.
It was all Aiden needed to hear. He made for the door with an eager expression. She smiled faintly at his boyish enthusiasm for dangerous relics, but knew a strong part of his desire came from a need for power instilled by the spirit of the dragon, Salinder. Sayana only hoped it served a purpose beyond her ability to foresee.
She carefully made her way across the room, making sure her boots didn't mistakenly come into contact with anyone lying underfoot. When Sayana reached Nellise, the cleric paused in her task for a moment and smiled at the sorceress.
“It's good to see you on your feet again, so to speak,” Nellise said quietly as they embraced. Sayana felt genuine relief at not only her friend's health, but the tacit acceptance of her change. The estrangement she had felt for the past few days eased, if only a little. 
You almost became a permanent part of the scenery back on Placidus.
“Someone had to hold back those creatures,” Nellise remarked. “Everyone else seemed a little busy at the time. Besides, it all worked out for the best.”
“You're welcome,” Pacian interjected, a reminder of his role in saving her life.
“Why don't you help out around here?” she responded with a raised eyebrow. 
“I'm recovering from my many acts of heroism,” Pacian remarked blandly. Nellise gave him a wan smile, then continued treating her patient, surprisingly tolerant of his attitude.
“As you wish. I’ve something on my mind at the moment. Terinus, I want to know more about the sa'quaarin. I must learn what they hope to gain through the subjugation and destruction of entire worlds. The logic defies understanding.” The wizard had idly watched the proceedings as he sat in a dining chair in the corner of the room.
“You undoubtedly noticed the craters and gouges upon the surface of Placidus,” Terinus answered in his ancient voice. “There are places on our own world of Aeos which bear similar scars of industry, particularly near the ruins of Sohcareb. They are the remains of open-cut mines, remnants of the sa'quaarin’s hunger for rare minerals such as vythir. The dwarven city of Ferrumgaard is another example of their philosophy of wanton destruction.”
“Hang on,” Pacian interrupted, “we found out one of the dwarven families was responsible for that. The MacAliese clan, I think it was. Mad buggers, every one.”
“And what do you think caused this sudden outbreak of insanity?” Terinus challenged with rising ire. “Do you truly think hundreds can suffer the same rare ailment by sheer happenstance? It was engineered, Mister Savidge, to clear the mine of unwanted vermin and allow the excavation of vythir to continue.”
“Did you have a hand engineering this madness?” Pacian responded with deadly calm. Terinus rose to his feet without taking his eyes from the former ascetic.
“Gentlemen, please remain calm,” Nellise interjected, showcasing her ability to juggle multiple tasks. “We are trying to remedy past indiscretions here, something both of you should be well aware of.”
“Then perhaps you should clarify your point,” Terinus rasped in a tight voice, still locked in a staring contest with Pacian. 
“Clearly these sa'quaarin are supremely intelligent, far in advance of our most learned scholars and institutions,” she explained as she finished wrapping a bandage around a wound leg. “Intelligent life can't be so intrinsically bent and twisted, it is counterproductive to the advance of civilization.”
“What?” Robert asked in disbelief.
“Barbarism and savagery are the hallmarks of a primitive society. History has shown us that as civilization advances, the urge to pillage and rampage diminishes, to be replaced with more rational, enlightened concerns. It is the way of things. This is why I have difficulty believing these otherworldly monsters of yours are truly as bad as you say.”
“Is the evidence left from centuries of destruction insufficient to sway you?” Terinus asked in disbelief. “Are you blind to the events you have witnessed with your own eyes?” 
“It is not their actions I question, but their motives,” Nellise clarified. “Given their intelligence, I do wonder about the reason for such decisions.”
“You think they do so out of necessity? Out of self-preservation perhaps? Even if that were true, given the lives of the people of this world have been as playthings to them for years untold, do you think anything could justify such bloodshed?”
“All I know is if we push back against them with violence and equal levels of destruction, we risk forcing them to harden their resolve and simply respond with more of the same. I wish to open a dialogue with them, that I might at least understand their motives and perhaps even come to an understanding.”
The wizard's intense glare had long abandoned Pacian as its target. Sayana had ceased translating for the wounded escardi, who now sat back watching the exchange with great discomfort. Terinus stared at Nellise in astonishment, the tension in the room building with each heartbeat before he began to speak with the intensity of a rising storm. 
“I have regaled you with stories of their perfidy and shown you cataclysmic sights lost to living memory, all of which are both true and real. I have neither exaggerated nor fabricated any part of my account, for the reality needs no embellishment. So, when I explain to you that our enemy has no interest in speaking with creatures deemed so far beneath them, they are considered little more than animals, know that I speak the truth.
“For thousands of years, this world has been under their influence, and despite the best efforts of civilizations far more advanced than Aielund, the sa'quaarin continue to topple kingdoms with the merest gesture.” Terinus' voice had risen in volume and power to drive his point home, something only Sayana could see was being enhanced by subtle magic.
“Should you find yourself face to face with such a being, with the intent of opening a dialogue you will — at best — be killed on sight, if you are supremely lucky. It is far more likely they will wrap your soul around their fingers and make you their puppet, so you can watch as you end the lives of thousands at their bidding. They do not compromise, they do not retreat and they will never surrender. 
“We are mere animals to them, 'lesser beings' to be swept away when we become a problem. Their only real interest is in the continued domination of this world, and to eradicate all knowledge of their existence from the minds of mortals, even if whole civilizations must collapse to achieve this end.
“Greater minds than yours have contemplated how to remove their threat, and I guarantee you the idea of peace was considered more than once. Yet here we stand, thousands of years later, and still the manipulation of empires continues. It has to end, and there is only one way to end it. Some monsters need to be killed, Nellise. There is no other way. Pacian understands this better than any of you.”
They turned to see Pacian looking back at Terinus with an empty gaze. Clearly the wizard was attempting to recruit him to help persuade Nellise. Pacian had said words to this same effect in the past, but his reaction was not what anyone had anticipated.
“Some monsters need to be killed,” he repeated quietly. “Is that how I used to sound? Do I still sound like that? So much anger... I look at you Terinus and see a reflection of myself, and I don't like it. I spoke those words years ago and they ruined my life. I... just don't know.”
“You will find no allies here in your quest for vengeance,” Nellise remarked, having somehow maintained her calm demeanor in the face of the wizard's outrage. “We act for the continued safety of the realm, not a personal vendetta. I can see the long years of servitude has taken its toll on your perspective, sir. You are unable to break free and see new possibilities, so I will keep my own counsel on this matter in future.”
“So long as you do nothing to jeopardize the mission, you may do as you wish,” Terinus rasped ominously, turning to stalk out of the room.
“That probably wasn't the sort of thing to be discussing after missing a night of sleep,” Nellise sighed, wilting into a nearby chair. “Tempers are short, minds are cloudy. I'm not certain anything was achieved.”
“Maybe,” Robert coughed, “but you comported yourself like royalty just now. If he'd been talking to me like that, my fist would have had an intimate moment with his face.”
Royalty, Sayana murmured to herself, suddenly recalling she hadn't checked on Criosa since taking her to Fairloch. Feeling somewhat more energetic, she opened a window to the city within her mind and peered through. The sorceress recalled Criosa’s aura, the play of energy unique to one particular being, but she couldn't sense it near the senate building. 
Curious, she used the memory of that aura to track her friend down, much like a bloodhound follows its prey. Sayana's inner sight was drawn to a dark place below ground, and within moments she could see a bedraggled Criosa, manacled and sitting on a plain bed within a cell.
Criosa's been imprisoned! Sayana gasped, drawing everyone's attention, including the escardi who understood everything she had said.
“What?” Robert said yet again, but received no response. Sayana rushed to his side and grasped him by the arm. She transformed the window within her mind into a doorway and pulled the mercenary along through the Aether.
The change in atmosphere became apparent the moment they appeared in the confines of the small cell. Moisture hung in the dank air, and although Sayana recalled moving through the dungeons of Fairloch's castle, this space didn't have the same feel to it. Criosa appeared startled by their sudden arrival, sitting up in her bed to greet them. Her hair was disheveled and her hands bruised and bloodied from the manacles she wore.
“Finally,” she sighed, “I've been waiting for rescue for some time now.”
My apologies, Your Majesty, Sayana answered. We have been travelling of late and only returned a short time ago.
“What is this, a holding cell for the City Watch?” Robert grunted, looking at their surroundings.
Yes honey, try to keep up, Sayana answered. Criosa, what happened?
“Operatives from the inquisition saw the two of us together and assumed the worst, I'm afraid,” Criosa said, confirming Sayana's fears. “Not that they're wrong, mind you, I have most certainly been associating with a sorcerer. Just not in the way they think. They've been trying to discover your location ever since. I refused to talk, of course, but they have been most persistent.”
“We're getting you out of here,” Sayana said aloud. She grasped Criosa's wrist as well as Robert's and went to create the aperture to whisk them back to the tower.
Nothing happened. 
“What are you waiting for?” Robert asked curiously. Sayana felt very strange, as if she was being smothered. The feeling had begun just as she went to invoke a portal, and persisted even now. She tried to draw in more energy from the surrounding air but it had no effect on her energies. 
“Something's wrong,” she whispered aloud, trying to figure out why she couldn't use her power. It was the first time she could ever recall feeling relatively normal, and it was disconcerting to say the least.
“Sy, your eyes have stopped glowing again,” Robert remarked cautiously. “You've gone and pushed yourself too hard, haven't you. Dammit woman, you've gotta learn —”
“Hush,” Sayana hissed, looking around. She had already figured out it wasn't an internal problem with herself, but rather an outside force suppressing her ability. She glanced at Criosa and stared when she noticed the princess and future Queen of Aielund was smiling. 
“Company,” Robert growled as he looked out through the cell's bars, drawing Aeon Invictus from its sheath and readying his large shield. The sounds of heavy, booted feet on the flagstones could be heard approaching rapidly. “Can you get us out of here or not?” 
“There is a powerful null-magic field enveloping the area.”
“What the hell does that mean?” he snarled.
“It means we're stuck, this is a trap, and this isn't Criosa,” Sayana replied evenly. The visage of Criosa shifted before their eyes until they were looking at a completely different woman with dark hair, dark eyes, and an assortment of weapons on her armored body.
The clanking of heavy chains could be heard as the barred cell door elevated into the ceiling and five armored inquisitors entered the room. Robert fell back and pulled Sayana behind him as they crowded into the cell. The point of his weapon kept anyone from getting too close.
 “We were wondering if you were ever going to show up, Sayana Arai,” the mysterious woman answered with an arch voice.
“Where is Criosa?” Sayana demanded.
“Quite safe, and very well guarded,” the inquisitor replied. “She is comfortable, if a little put-out at the inconvenience.”
“That's something, anyway,” Sayana remarked. “What are your intentions?”
“To eliminate the threat of a powerful sorcerer, of course,” the inquisitor answered plainly. “I should have thought it would have been obvious from the outset. It takes considerable effort to evaporate the energy from an area completely, and also aim the effect just right so as not to disturb my illusionary disguise, which is thankfully no longer needed. So yes, we have gone to a lot of trouble to get you here and make sure your abilities have been neutralized.”
“Wait a moment,” Robert interjected. “Are you saying you've locked yourselves in here with us, and nobody has any magic at all?”
“That is correct, commander,” the inquisitor confirmed. “Having seen the power Sayana can wield, we decided not to take any risks.” Robert didn't answer. He did, however, slowly grin at the woman in a way the inquisitor found most unsettling. Only Sayana knew what he was smiling about.
They had no idea what was about to hit them.
Robert slammed his shield into the warhammer of his nearest opponent, and brought Aeon Invictus down in a cleaving strike that sliced right through the inquisitor’s armor, through bone and flesh, and dropped the surprised man in one blow. Even in a null-magic field, the mercenary's ancient weapon was still the deadliest blade ever created.
His reverse stroke brought the sword across the chest of the next inquisitor, who had recovered from his momentary surprise and raised the haft of his warhammer to block the blow. Robert didn't have enough force behind the stroke to cleave it in two, but he did have the presence of mind to kick his opponent backwards. 
Two other inquisitors waded in, sweeping their warhammers in overhead blows to make use of the limited space afforded by the cramped cell. Robert intercepted one blow with his shield and took the other on his armor. The heavy blow pushed him back into Sayana but the vythiric plate didn’t show a scratch from the impact.
They traded blows for a few moments, with Sayana struggling to keep Robert's armored body between her and the enemy. He made sure to keep her covered with his shield while fending off their attacks. Neither of the two men facing him were novices to battle, but they simply couldn't get through the mercenary's expert defenses and invulnerable shield. 
When one of them overextended his strike, Robert slammed his shield into the man's face and took his head from his shoulders. He continued the stroke in a wide arc, hardly slowed by the impact with the inquisitor's neck, and cut a wide gash across the head of the man next to him. The sword cut through the chain coif covering his head, causing a fountain of blood to flow into the inquisitor's eyes.
Blinded and caught off guard, he had the presence of mind to raise his warhammer in an attempt to parry any further attacks, but he never saw the killing blow as Robert brought his blade in a sweeping overhead stroke that sundered the warhammer in two, cleaved his armor and shattered his ribcage on the way down.
While this was taking place right in front of Sayana, her mind was focused on trying to break through the source of the block. She could practically feel the minds of four priests just outside the room, each of them chanting a prayer to keep the area clear of energy. Sayana tried to draw more into her body, but the attempt was quickly stifled by one of the priests. The sorceress didn't stop, however, and continued to suck power from a larger and larger area, straining the priests' resolve.
Robert was oblivious to this however, for he was too caught up in the fight. Four opponents remained and they didn't step in as quickly as the others. Two of them raised crossbows while the other two ducked to one side in a fine example of coordination. At this range Robert couldn't avoid the attacks, but again his superior shield and armor protected him.
As he recovered, the two men wielding hammers closed in, forcing the mercenary back as he repositioned. It took some effort to batter his way through their defense, but when he struck, he struck hard. Aeon Invictus took no prisoners. The life of one, then the other ended as Robert cut through steel and flesh with equal ease. 
Sayana kept drawing in power, feeling the will of her opponents wither and falter until their defense collapsed and the sorceress was suddenly filled with an intake of energy that made her hair stand on end. With her eyes alight and her body freed of the bonds of gravity she rose into the air and with a thunderous report, reduced the two remaining opponents to ash. 
“Nothing like a fair fight,” Robert grunted between breaths. He leaned against the wall and coughed, while Sayana hovered out of the cell and saw the priests she had battled passed out on the floor. They were young, barely more than children, and her fury subsided at the sight. Instead, she focused her inner sight on Criosa once more and spotted her almost instantly. As the inquisitor had said, she was comfortable, if unable to leave the confines of her room. Sayana created a portal and took her and Robert through to Criosa's side.
“Thank heavens you've come,” she blurted as they appeared in her opulently appointed chamber. She was wearing an embroidered white dress suitable for a future queen. “The inquisition has... I say, you've already met them, haven't you?” she said as she noticed Robert's bloodied armor.
“They're not going to bother anyone for the rest of your life,” he said between coughs. “How many guards do you have on this room?”
None, now, Sayana assured them. I sensed six men keeping a close eye on the room so I thought they might enjoy an expedition into Feybourne Swamp. I’ve also unlocked the door.
“That's the spirit,” Criosa said with a wry smile. “Thank you once again for coming to my aid. If the inquisition is no longer a threat, I'd better get back to work.”
“Wait, don't you want to come back to the tower with us?” Robert inquired. “You’re clearly a target and we need to protect you.”
“I have a city to rebuild, Commander,” Criosa reminded him. “I can’t do it from the confines of the Black Tower. I take it from your appearance you're making headway on your mission?”
“Best armor I've ever had,” Robert conceded, stifling another cough. “If Sy can stay on her feet, our friends upstairs are in for a hell of a fight.”
“Then we had best get back to our respective tasks. Kiss Aiden hello from me,” she said as she left the room.
“Not on your life,” Robert muttered after she had gone. “Are you sure she'll be safe this time?”
They only wanted her to get to me, Sayana answered. If they try it again, I will scour the city of inquisitors once and for all.
“Sure, but what will you do for the rest of the day?” Robert said. Despite his levity, he was clearly tired. He coughed a little more but waved off a concerned look from Sayana. “I just need a good night's sleep. I'm not getting any younger you know.”
Time to take you to bed, old man, she teased, creating a portal to take them back to the tower. They arrived back in his bedroom without the others knowing of their arrival. As she moved towards his bed, she noticed a dot of pink skin on the back of her hand, a place which had previously been a shiny dark blue, just like the rest of her. She pondered this for a moment until Robert asked for help removing his armor, then promptly forgot about it.
When they were done, Sayana wasn't asked to leave his room and she smiled with anticipation as they settled onto his bed.

Chapter Thirteen

Aiden lost track of time as he continued to examine the objects Sayana had retrieved from Placidus. He rubbed the sleep from his eyes and forced himself to keep working, stifling a yawn in the process. It wasn't a large haul, and he was determined to figure them all out before he closed his eyes. Only one of them was an actual weapon — a short blade with a thin, curved edge reminiscent of a sabre. A large gem embedded in the pommel swirled with an angry black energy that gave Aiden pause when first he laid eyes upon it.
The other objects were arcane in design, as evidenced by familiar runes inscribed upon them. It was remarkable to discover the 'language' of magic was the same on more than one world. Aiden had spent — perhaps even misspent — years in his youth studying sigils of the arcane arts, neglecting other aspects of his life in feverish pursuit of knowledge. 
Although he had no real friends aside from Pacian during that time, he felt a genuine connection to the ancient scholars and wizards who had written much of the material Aiden studied. Their triumphs, failures and inner thoughts were enshrined on parchment for following generations to read, and he became closer to them than his own parents.
Robert's earlier statements regarding Aiden's lack of skill with the sword weren’t wrong. Even with some brief training from masters like Mister Kinsey, the king’s old spymaster, Aiden never had more than a passing fascination with swordplay. There was only one thing he had even been good at, and if he'd had the chance to go to the University in Fairloch, he could have been a very powerful practitioner of the arcane arts.
Any chance of that happening was long gone. The events of the last few years had steered his life on a very different course, where he was in love and on track to becoming a noble in the near future. Criosa's lovely face flashed through his mind, sending interesting sensations through Aiden's body, but also reminding him of the stakes should they fail in their task.
Taking a deep breath and clearing his head of wayward thoughts, Aiden focused his efforts on unravelling the mysteries before him. A number of smaller objects from Sayana's find exuded their own kind of power, visible to his enhanced vision. They appeared to be tools, proportioned to fit a human hand. This was further evidence the original occupants of Placidus were men and women just like the people of Feydwiir. Their apparent extinction stoked the fires of vengeance in Aiden's heart.
A circle of metal which appeared to fit onto one’s head appeared to protect the wearer against unwanted mental intrusions, if his translation of the runes inscribed onto its inner ring was correct. A set of armored bracers bore runes upon them. Aiden wasn't entirely certain of their meaning, but had seen many such runes on a scroll he had once used to change the flow of time around him for a brief period. 
Then there was the sword. It kept catching his eye while he worked, drawing his attention for no reason he could put his finger on. Something about it seemed insidious, so he'd left it until last. Even now, he was reluctant to touch it due to the strange aura suffusing the weapon. Runes etched along its surface ran from the hilt to the tip, and some of them were in a different language altogether. It was then Aiden happened upon an interesting discovery — the inscriptions on each of these items were created by the same hand. 
He had no way of determining their exact age, but if he had to hazard a guess, they were crafted by the same individual. Part of the inscription on the blade was a typical infusing of power, but the other words were completely different. Shortly, he would consult Jenovia or Ovis to ask for a translation, knowing they would have encountered the native language of Placidus before.
Aiden leaned back in his chair and stretched, trying to relieve the fatigue weighing his body. A headache had begun to pulse inside his skull and he knew he was pushing himself after their prolonged stay on Placidus. He took a moment to stare up at the sky through a ceiling window, which afforded him a spectacular view of the heavens. Clouds obscured some of the night sky, but four of the brightest stars could be seen twinkling through.
Feeling increasingly uncomfortable, Aiden stood and walked around the laboratory to stretch his legs. Staying crouched over the bench for the past hour hadn't done him any favors, and he found his feet moving almost with a mind of their own. He walked out the doorway of the lab and through the empty hallways of the tower, looking for something he couldn't quite place.
Sounds from just ahead indicated the presence of activity, and within moments Aiden found himself in the dining room. Of the escardi, there was no sign, but Pacian and Nellise sat near the door. Aiden's old friend was rocking back and forth on his chair, muttering the words “who am I?” to himself, over and over. 
In one hand, he held a tiny haloed sword of Kylaris and in the other his vythiric dagger, the one he had used to end the life of friends and enemies alike. The front of his tunic was stained with blood, and it was clear he bore a terrible wound in his chest. 
Nellise, crouched next to him, applying bandage after bandage on the wound to soak up the blood, whispering “I can fix it,” to herself as she kept at her endless task. From her back sprouted large, pale wings. Most of the feathers had been cut away, leaving useless, bloodied stumps. 
Aiden wasn't sure what all that was about but he knew they didn't have the answer he sought. They were too wrapped up in their own concerns, so he kept looking. The headache was slowly increasing with intensity and he rubbed his temples, stumbling through the halls looking for something, or was it someone? There was an answer here somewhere if only he could find it. 
Passing through another doorway, Aiden entered a room lined with ghostly figures wearing the armor and heraldic devices of soldiers. They formed a circle around Robert Black, who walked around, flinching as he viewed each face as though it pained him. “Why won't they die?” he whispered to himself as he walked in a circle, hemmed in by the ghostly faces watching him with silent eyes.
Although reluctant to pry, Aiden needed help. He stepped inside the ring of ghosts which didn't even seem to notice him, and caught Robert's attention with a touch on his arm. The mercenary whirled around to face him, his chest a mass of seeping sores and when he opened his mouth, smoke billowed out and filled the room. 
Aiden coughed and sputtered, backing away from the noxious air. He fled back out into the hall and slammed the door behind him, struggling to breathe. His head was pounding now, and he was barely able to stay conscious. Although he had no way of knowing how much time had passed, he had the distinct sense it was fast running out for him, unless he found what he was searching for.
A glint of gold from the corner of his eye caught Aiden's attention. On a pedestal along the edge of the hallway sat a small golden dragon, no more than a foot in height. The dragon sat on its rear haunches and its tiny forelimbs were tied behind its back. The look on its reptilian face was almost sad as it watched Aiden stagger past. 
He burst through the next doors into another room, barely able to see through the pounding in his skull. He managed to spot Sayana’ red hair and knew she would be able to help him. She was hovering in the air, arms extended to either side and appeared to be meditating. Small pieces of her body began to fall off, as if she were made of rusty metal and the words “This is all I am” floated through Aiden's mind. As he approached, she turned and stared at him with eyes as bright as the sun. 
An expression of shock distorted her features. Sayana raised her hands as if to hold him back, and a wall of iron shot up from the floor between them. Aiden was forced back once more, and when he left the room, the doors closed behind him of their own accord. He looked around and found himself back in the lab again, though he didn't recall how he had arrived here. Against the wall before him was a tall, dark cabinet with blood dripping from the cracks in its doors. 
The blood was smeared across the floor, and when Aiden turned to see where the trail led, he saw Saffron and Lucas standing there. Their flesh was decayed and grey, and both seemed to have been dead for a long time. They leaped at Aiden and grabbed either arm, forcing him to the floor. He struggled but found them to be immensely strong. Looking up at the sky through the clear ceiling, Aiden noticed the sky had cleared and the four stars had grown with intensity, staring down at him like burning eyes. 
Strings tumbled down from the heavens and connected with the arms and legs of Terinus, who had appeared at Aiden's feet with Aeon Invictus in his hands. The strings pulled at his limbs and despite his best efforts, Terinus moved as they commanded, pushing the point of the sword towards Aiden's head.
He continued to struggle against the incredible strength of the walking corpses that were Saffron and Lucas, with his head pounding in agony. Aiden hadn't found the answer he sought, but it occurred to him in a moment of insight that perhaps he already knew it. He looked to the table where the objects he had examined earlier lay, and recalled there was something about them that was important.
The sword came closer to Aiden's head, even as Terinus struggled against the pull of the strings from above. Desperately trying to pull himself closer to the table, Aiden noticed the small golden dragon had alighted on its surface. Its limbs were still bound behind its back, but its head looked down at the circlet. 
Unable to move, Aiden felt the tip of the blade touch his forehead and knew his time was nearly up. 
“Help me,” he begged the small dragon, but it could not break the bonds holding it back. It stared at the dying man expectantly, awaiting something from him, something specific. 
Aiden felt blood trickle down his face as the sword began to cut into his head, and only then did he understand what the dragon needed. He channeled some of his energy towards the creature and it let out a trill of pleasure. With renewed strength it broke the bonds on its limbs, picked up the circlet in its tiny claws and flew over to him. 
When it was overhead it released the circlet, and just as it touched Aiden's skin the entire tower seemed to shift. The strings on Terinus' limbs snapped and the two raelani zombies collapsed to the floor. Fury lit the heavens as the eyes receded into the darkness of the sky, and blackness fell over Aiden as he passed out.

*          *          *

Aiden awoke with a start, gasping for breath. He was sprawled over the bench in the laboratory with the recovered relics scattered across its surface. He looked up in fear but there was no ceiling window in the laboratory. There never was. The pounding in his head was slowly subsiding, and when he rubbed his temples, he found the metal circlet upon his head, just like in the nightmare. 
There was blood on his hand when he pulled it away, and he groaned when he noticed that his right hand had grown fine golden scales. Of greater importance was the blood dripping from his nose onto the bench before him. This had been far more than a simple nightmare. Stumbling out of his chair, Aiden rushed towards the door with the intention of speaking to Terinus about his experience. He was still disoriented, however, and fell heavily to the floor when his trembling legs failed to support him.
He crawled and made a futile attempt to stand, feeling a tiny measure of relief when Sayana and Terinus rushed into the room shortly thereafter.
“Fetch Nellise,” Terinus rasped to the sorceress.
She is already on her way, Sayana answered. Aiden, can you hear me? Your mind was under attack.
“Four eyes in the sky,” Aiden blurted, trying to communicate through his rattled mind. “They know, Terinus, they know!”
“Remain calm, Aiden,” Terinus advised as Nellise hurried to his side. “Whatever just happened to you is over.”
“Give me a moment and I'll have that bleeding stopped,” the cleric assured Aiden as she began to whisper a healing prayer through her crystal. The pounding in his head began to clear, and within moments the trickle of blood ceased.
“Tell me what happened, in detail,” Terinus commanded before Aiden had fully recovered. He began recounting the sequences of disturbing images in his nightmare and left nothing out. Pacian and Robert entered the lab during the course of his recitation, keeping to one side and listening intently to the bizarre story. Aiden's voice grew with strength as he continued to speak, and by the end he was back on his feet.
“It was only when I gave the small dragon some of my energy that it was able to fly the circlet over to me,” Aiden said as he approached the conclusion. “It was then I woke up with the real circlet on my brow. The sa'quaarin have to know what we're doing — why else would they strike at me like this?”
“You mentioned the four eyes in your vision,” Terinus said. “They do in fact have four eyes, so I do not doubt your claim. What I do not understand is how you attracted their attention...” his voice trailed off as a thought occurred to him. He stalked over to one of the consoles and began tracing glyphs upon its mirror-black surface.
“What's up?” Pacian inquired of him.
“I need to verify a theory,” Terinus rasped in reply. “Give me a few minutes.”
“If they were to attack someone, I thought it would be Terinus,” Nellise remarked. “Why did they choose you, Aiden?” 
“I don't know,” he muttered. “Salinder once told me his enemies were able to appear in dreams, and I see what he meant.” He slowly rubbed his face with his scaled hand, an odd sensation indeed. It had been a rough couple of days, and his rest had not restored him at all.
It also explains why I could not see into your mind while you slept, Sayana added. He was protecting your mind from infiltration. Since everything in the nightmare was a metaphor, the dragon was clearly Salinder's spirit alive within you, and he was unable to assist without more power.
“Which you clearly granted,” Nellise remarked, looking at the scales where his skin had once been. 
“An expensive victory,” Aiden conceded. “For the past week, my dreams have been completely obscured, yet at the edge of consciousness I have heard a faint whisper of someone trying to speak with me. It must have been Salinder trying to communicate something, but regardless of my ongoing transformation, he clearly has my best interests at heart. If he hadn't been in my dream, I wouldn't have survived.”
“He's just looking out for himself,” Robert grunted. He appeared disheveled, but also surprisingly relaxed. “If you're killed, so is he.”
“Perhaps,” Aiden said. He touched the circlet on his head thoughtfully. “I would dearly love an extended chat with Salinder but I have no idea how to do it.”
“Give it a few more weeks and you'll just have to look in the mirror,” Robert remarked gruffly. Aiden failed to find this amusing. He was about to respond when Terinus punched the console out of frustration.
“What is it?” Aiden asked, concerned at another show of emotion from the increasingly undisciplined wizard. 
“We have indeed been discovered,” Terinus rasped quietly, staring down at the console with barely concealed anger. “When I deemed us ready to act, we were to proceed through the portal into the lair of my former masters. This route has now been blocked. I cannot access their portal from here, and thus we have lost our opportunity to act.”
His leaden words fell heavily upon the assembled group, leaving a thunderous silence. Nellise left Aiden's side and drifted towards the console, staring at it with a blank expression.
“How did they know?” Aiden asked of Terinus, disbelievingly. “How could they find out? I thought we had more time.”
“It appears the distorted energies surrounding the area of Fairloch have subsided sooner than I anticipated,” Terinus explained in a measured voice. “They were most likely able to deduce the demise of Veronique at Lanfall, and undoubtedly followed the evidence back to me. They could not pierce my disciplined mind and chose another nearby vessel for their dire intentions.” He looked up at Aiden and locked eyes.
“They didn't learn anything from me,” Aiden protested. 
“Oh, but they did,” Terinus accused, whirling on Aiden and slowly closing in as he spoke. “You allowed them to probe the minds of everyone in this room. Their deepest fears, their vulnerabilities, the very nature of their being is now known to our foe. Our remaining time on this world is now counted in minutes.”
“Wait, you said if they found out, we'd all be destroyed in a pillar of fire,” Pacian reminded him. “Why are we still alive?”
“I do not know,” Terinus admitted. “It is not in the nature of my former masters to hesitate when their existence is revealed.”
“Then we still have time,” Robert declared. 
“Time for what, Commander? We have no way to access their fortress in the sky, even if we had the equipment necessary to defeat them.”
“It takes more than good gear to beat an enemy,” Robert pointed out. “I'm willing to bet we could search worlds through that bloody portal of yours for a year, covering ourselves in shiny things and still fail to match them. We have to draw the line somewhere, so we should focus on finding another way to gain access to their fortress.”
“And how do you propose we do that?” Terinus spat.
“I don't know!” Robert shouted back. “Sayana can probably fly us there, or maybe we can teleport? I'm not the expert on bloody magic here, one of you geniuses think of something.”
What were the results of your examination of the relics I found? Sayana asked Aiden. Was there anything that could help us?
“Not with finding a way to get there,” Aiden sighed, touching the circlet on his head for a moment. “I think they were all made by the same person, with a very precise objective. This one is protecting my mind from assault at the moment, so you'll excuse me if I don't remove it.” 
“What about the rest of us?” Robert protested. “I don't want my brain fried either, why should you be the one to wear it?”
“What makes you think there's anything in there to fry?” Pacian snarked. 
“Oh, and you don't want to wear that thing I suppose? What if they tried to get inside your head and stab you to death from the inside?”
“I would welcome it, for it would be the last mistake they would ever make,” Pacian responded darkly. “The things in my head would flay the sanity from their minds.”
“Yet you're still sane?” Robert pointed out.
“Am I?” Pacian suggested with an unflinching stare.
“Question withdrawn.” 
Anything else? Sayana prompted Aiden impatiently.
“Those armored bracers have runes of time on them but they won't make anyone fly or teleport. There were some tools which were probably used to make all of these things, and finally the sword. I'm not entirely sure what enchantments are laid upon it but just looking at it scares me. I think some of the language inscribed on the blade is from Placidus, so I want Jenovia to look at it before the escardi leave.”
“And leave they must,” Terinus advised. “Although we have not yet felt the retribution of my former masters, it is inevitable. The remaining escardi should leave the tower and move as far away as possible.”
I have already been translating this conversation to them, Sayana explained, but they could use some help moving the wounded.
“I'll go while the rest of you figure something out,” Pacian offered, hurrying out the door.
“Figure out indeed,” Robert muttered while Aiden pondered the strange imagery in his dream. 
“Something has just occurred to me,” he said to Sayana quietly. “My ongoing transformation isn't simply the use of sorcery. It's being pushed by the living spirit of Salinder. He's effectively trying to take over my body.”
The thought had occurred to me, Sayana hedged, prompting Aiden to narrow his eyes. 
“You know more about this than you're letting on,” he suggested. 
Nothing I haven't already mentioned in the past.
“I suspect you're referring to my 'death' at Akora,” Aiden said in a flat voice. “You think I never truly returned, and what you see before you is an amalgam of two dying entities.”
That's one way of putting it.
“If this is true, and it certainly appears to be, then everything I've said and done since that day has been colored by the thoughts and drives of another creature's mind. I can't even trust that anything I've done in the past two years has been of my own free will.” He paused to think about this for a moment while the others watched, unsure what to say. 
A dragon's craving for power is absolute, Sayana remarked. This has certainly colored your choices in recent memory.
“Power corrupts,” Aiden said without feeling. “If I rise within the ranks of society, marry Criosa and become Duke of Fairloch, there is every chance I would unconsciously abuse my position and become just another tyrant.”
“Well now you know, don't do it,” Robert grunted as the escardi began to file past towards the exit. 
“I shall prepare the door for their departure,” Terinus said. “When I return, we will discuss our next move. We may need to consider evacuating nearby cities to save as many as we can.” Aiden nodded thoughtfully, feeling the weight of their apparent failure upon his shoulders. 
“Hey, it's not over yet,” Robert said, apparently reading his expression. “We'll figure something out.”
Aiden gave him a weak smile, still distracted by the very nature of his being. He desperately needed to speak with Salinder, who was evidently still alive within him, but had no idea how to do so. The spirit had been unable to communicate thus far, and its weakness within his psychic nightmare suggested it wasn't going to be of much help in the near future. Aiden snapped out of his reverie when he noticed Jenovia poke her head around the corner. 
“I wish to offer you my thanks one more time,” she said by way of Sayana's telepathic translation. “We go now to take shelter in the mountains to the south, which the black-robed one informs us will be safe and will support our small community well.”
“Just before you go,” Aiden prompted, “could I get you to read this? The inscription on this blade has piqued my interest.” The Marshal followed Aiden to the bench where the other items lay.
“It is a zashi blade,” she explained upon spotting the weapon. “We have seen a few from amongst the ruins, mostly broken and bent. We believe it was a common weapon on Placidus before our time.” She reached for the hilt of the sword, but her hand stopped mere inches from it and hovered while her eyes widened in astonishment.
“This weapon carries the spirits of the dead within,” Jenovia uttered through Sayana. “They are angry, no, furious at the destruction of their home world. Their voices... the magnitude of their rage, it is staggering. What kind of magic is this?” Aiden peered at the swirling black gemstone in the pommel with an expert eye, understanding now what he was looking at. 
“Crystals such as these focus and magnify energy,” he explained. “The weapon was crafted in the heart of the fallen city, which Sayana explained as full of shadowy spirits and a strange, caustic energy coming from the ancient generators. It seems to have absorbed these energies during the long decades where it sat amongst it all. Can you read the writing along the blade?”
“'This is the last testament to the greatness of our lost civilization,'” Jenovia began as she peered at the tiny inscription. “'Whoever wields this blade carries the vengeance of my people. Do unto our enemies as they have done to us. Bring them low with blackened skies, burning rain.'” Aiden exhaled slowly as he examined the weapon, understanding now its full potential.
“I'm willing to bet it was crafted by a master of the art, their last act of defiance against the enemies they could not face,” he said. Before anyone could say another word, he reached out and grasped the hilt. His earlier caution against the possibly cursed nature of the sword vanished when he realized the weapon was supposed to look and feel as it did. He swept it through the air, leaving a trail of shadows in its wake, and right at the edge of hearing the whispered words of the vengeful spirits within could be heard.
“If you choose to wield it,” Jenovia stated, “understand that it was made for one purpose only. If you face these 'sa'quaarin' you spoke of and somehow manage to defeat them, destroy the blade afterwards. Vengeance is never sated, and it could twist whoever wields it to its purpose.”
“I'll be sure to do that,” Aiden assured her, sheathing the weapon and setting it back down on the bench. “Good luck to you and your people, Jenovia. I hope you like your new home. We're all rather proud of it.”
“A world where food is plentiful and the seasons turn will be strange for us at first, but we are eager to explore more of this place,” Jenovia replied. “Good fortune to you and your comrades in your fight. Were it not for my responsibilities, I would gladly join you. Farewell.” Robert likewise shook her oversized hand as she left the room, leaving them to ponder their predicament once more.
“A nice little sword,” Robert remarked, taking a cigar out of a small case. “Not unlike a sabre, really. It'd be even nicer if we could get close enough to the sa'quaarin to use it.” Sayana extended one finger and a tiny flame appeared, which the mercenary used to light up. Aiden recalled the image of Robert from his nightmare, his chest a mass of porous sores oozing a thick tar as he breathed out a cloud of smoke. 
“You should probably think about giving those up,” Aiden suggested as he watched Robert puff away. “They can't be doing your lungs any good.”
“I tell you what,” Robert replied through a puff of smoke. “If we survive the next day, that's exactly what I'll do.” Terinus and Pacian entered the lab, having seen their guests into the world. The wizard was about to address them when he noticed Nellise at the controls of the portal. They had forgotten all about her during the course of their conversation and only now noticed she was attempting to operate the console. 
“Don't touch that,” Terinus rasped in alarm as she continued tracing glyphs upon the shining surface. She ignored his request and continued working as if in a trance. The wizard stormed past the others and headed straight for the console just as the portal hummed to life. White light shone from the curtain of light, enveloping the lab in a soft radiance. 
Terinus pushed Nellise away from the controls and examined the console, while Pacian went to her side and tried to snap her out of the trance.
“Nel, wake up,” he said urgently, grasping her shoulders and giving her a gentle shake. Her golden eyes blinked slowly and appeared to be looking straight through him.
“What have you done?” Terinus exclaimed, turning to look at Nellise, who seemed oblivious to her surroundings. Aiden rushed to his side and examined the obscure glyphs upon the console's surface. He had seen the language used when the portal was successfully linked to another world, and what he was reading suggested this was indeed what had just happened. 
“I don't see the problem,” Aiden said, “although I'm not sure how Nellise would have known how to do this.”
She didn't, Sayana interjected. I can sense an otherworldly connection influencing her.
“She's been compromised,” Robert shouted, spitting out his cigar and making a move for Nellise.
Wait, I do not believe it is sa'quaarin influence, Sayana clarified. Something else is going on.
“These coordinates are impossible,” Terinus rasped. “The portal is directly linked to another dimension with no anchor point. It could lead into the abyss for all I know.”
“Or somewhere better,” Pacian suggested, still staring into the cleric's eyes in an effort to understand. He then broke away from her and walked straight into the portal before anyone could stop him.
“The damned fool,” Terinus spat as Pacian vanished. “He could end up anywhere!”
The energy is beautiful, Sayana sighed, drifting towards the curtain of light. 
“It could still be a trap,” Robert warned. “Moths to a flame, remember?”
I don't think that's what this is, Sayana replied softly, hovering before the portal for a moment before taking the plunge. Robert cursed loudly but didn't follow her through. 
“Can you shut it down?” he asked of Terinus.
“Of course, but if I do that I won't be able to reconnect. I'm not even certain how Nellise managed to make this happen in the first place.”
“Fine, nobody else go through,” Robert growled. “Maybe Sy can figure it all out and get back here. Pace can stay if he wants though, I'm fine with that.”
“Have a little faith,” Nellise said quietly, still gazing at the portal's soft light as she began to walk towards it.
“Stop right there, lady,” Robert barked in his most authoritative voice. “Nobody else is going through until Terinus figures this out.”
“I'm not certain I can,” the wizard rasped as he worked at the controls. Only Robert's calloused hand prevented Nellise from entering the portal, and Aiden felt torn between prudent caution and allowing her to go. 
“Given her connection to a higher power, can you really believe she might have been led astray?” he asked of the other two men.
“Are you suggesting God opened the door?” Robert scoffed. 
“Maybe,” Aiden hedged. “I'm not an expert on faith, but she is. Give her the benefit of the doubt.” 
“Walking towards the light has a degree of finality to it mate, I've made it my business to head in the other direction where possible.”
“You don't have to, just let her go if that's what she wants,” Aiden suggested. Robert held Nellise in place, but looked her in the eye. She still seemed to be in a trance of some sort, but looked back at him with a warm smile. There was no sign of stress or hardship on her features, as if the events of the last few years had never happened.
“I've seen that smile before,” Robert said quietly. “If I let her go, she may never come back.” 
“Ultimately, it's her choice,” Aiden counselled. The mercenary hesitated for a moment longer, weighing up the decision before finally relenting and stepping aside. Nellise nodded thankfully and slowly walked through the curtain, leaving the three men behind to ponder the fate of their friends.

Chapter Fourteen

For Sayana, stepping through the curtain of light was like being immersed in an ocean of pure energy. The dense blue markings covering almost all of her skin glowed vividly and her wild red hair danced and flowed around her. She hovered in place, breathing in the sensation of near unlimited power before opening her eyes.
Light seemed to come from every direction in this formless place. Faint clouds obscured vision beyond a hundred yards, creating a serene ambience. There was no portal here — only the curtain of light hovering in the mist. 
Presently, a dark silhouette of ground rose beneath her feet, though she felt no sense of movement. Trees of incredible size became visible through the clouds as Sayana alighted on a patch of soft grass. Staring up at their immense height was disorienting, for the mind was barely able to comprehend the proportions involved. 
In her more immediate surroundings were flowers, shrubs and other small plants, all thriving in the abundant light. With her enhanced vision, Sayana could see this was no illusion, despite the nature of her surroundings. There was a flow of energy streaming around them. A river of light barely visible to the unaided eye was coming from somewhere off in the distance. 
Sitting on the grass near a copse of trees up ahead was Pacian, who appeared to be as overcome with the serenity of this place as she. He sat in quiet contemplation and did not react when Sayana drifted towards him. It seemed wrong to break the quiet beauty of this place with speech, so she simply enjoyed the moment. After the excitement of their recent endeavors, it was strange to be so content, an unfamiliar feeling to the young woman whose life had been anything but peaceful.
A misty figure strolling through the garden resolved into the familiar form of Nellise, similarly rapt with her surroundings. Her golden eyes spotted Sayana and Pacian amongst the greenery, and a broad smile spread across her face.
“Is it not magnificent?” she asked rhetorically. “There is something familiar and welcoming about this place. I feel like I've returned home after a long absence.”
Whatever the source of this energy is, I am overflowing with it, Sayana responded hazily. It really was quite difficult to focus through the waves of energy surging around her. I could probably turn a mountain inside out.
“Try not to disturb anything,” Nellise advised, “I suspect this place doesn't need any major landmarks turned inside out right now. Are you okay, Pace?”
“Yeah,” the former ascetic replied with a thick voice. He appeared to be struggling to relax. Sayana spied a tear trickling down one cheek — she had never seen him cry even once in her time with the troubled young man.
“Come on, let's find whoever brought us here,” Nellise suggested with a smile, offering her hand to Pacian. He looked up at her, and in that moment Sayana saw a profound change in his usually brooding features, as if the weight of his past had been lifted from his shoulders.
“I thought you brought us here?” he said, taking her hand and rising to his feet.
“How would I even know how to use that confusing console in the lab?” Nellise responded with a laugh. “No, someone was communicating instructions to me. Whoever it is wants to meet us, and we shouldn't keep them waiting any longer.”
“Did this person leave directions, or are we just going to traipse through the gardens forever?”
I sense energies flowing from over there, Sayana said, pointing to their right. 
“Right it is,” Nellise concurred. She tightened her grip on Pacian's hand when he tried to pull it away, and the two exchanged a curious glance as they continued through the garden, with Sayana following closely behind. She knew Pacian felt too burdened with his past to consider “tarnishing” Nellise with his love, but in this place, none of that seemed to matter to her. 
It wasn't long before the sorceress sensed a presence ahead, and watched in fascination as part of the energy flowing through the realm broke off and began to coalesce before them. A vaguely humanoid shape of glowing mist took shape, appearing to be a robed man of average height. His ghostly features were obscured by a hood and the light emanating from the top of his form resembled a halo. 
“Greetings, travelers,” the figure addressed them in a rich, clear voice. “My name is Caedmus. It is my pleasure to welcome you to the celestial realm of Assumption.”
 Assumption of what? Sayana asked. I'm sorry, I was expecting more words on the end of that sentence.
“It is the assumption of providence,” Nellise explained patiently. “The acceptance of divine presence in our reality. It is one of the core teachings of the Church of Aielund, as imparted by Kylaris.” 
I'm not sure I follow you.
“For all your power, you aren't really very bright, are you?” Pacian said with a roll of his eyes. “It's the assumption that when we pray, someone will be listening. The basis of faith.” 
“Don't be hard on her,” Caedmus gently instructed. “Sayana's life has been devoid of the opportunity for education. This will soon change, I believe.”
Can you see the future? Sayana inquired curiously.
“In a way,” the celestial being replied cryptically. “Sometimes a spark grows into a fire, if properly guided and nurtured. We are very good at nurturing the sparks of possibility.”
“I don't mean to rush you,” Pacian interrupted, “but we're a bit pressed for time. There's some powerful opponents of ours about to level half the kingdom... unless time moves more slowly in this place?”
“Time can pass more quickly here than on the Materium, known also as the mortal realm,” Caedmus answered, “but only if you allow yourself to be caught in the moment. As we speak, the moments pass synchronically.”
There are a lot of words I'm hearing for the first time, Sayana remarked dourly.
“Your education has already begun,” Caedmus remarked with amusement. “It was not my intention for anyone save for Nellise to come through to this realm. Certainly, your other companions would have found their visit here unsettling.”
“You have been watching us?” Pacian asked.
“In a matter of speaking. Forgive my cryptic responses, for our time together is limited and the answers you seek would take too long.”
“It was you who instructed me to operate the portal,” Nellise suddenly exclaimed. “You, personally, have been watching us for some time, correct?”
“Events on the Materium are of great interest to us, yes,” Caedmus confirmed. “I do apologies for manipulating you, Nellise. A unique opportunity presented itself, and I simply could not pass it up.”
“I don't understand,” Nellise said with a furrowed brow.
“Let us move as we speak,” Caedmus suggested, leading them along a path which suddenly became apparent through the dense part of the garden. The celestial being drifted along the surface in much the same way Sayana did, a similarity she found extremely interesting.  
“Are you and your glowing friends in the habit of taking control of people's minds to suit your own ends?” Pacian asked accusingly. 
“Not at all,” Caedmus assured him. “As I said, this was a unique situation. Nellise is a special case and thus, I was able to intercede to arrange this meeting. You see, mortals typically do not come here until the right time, and even then, they must divest themselves of their physical form in order to transcend. The presence of the portal device, however, offered a way to circumvent the natural order of things.”
Why? Sayana asked simply.
“To save lives,” Caedmus explained in equally simple terms.
“In the end, life is all that matters,” Nellise added. “That is what we are taught, yet so many do not understand this simple concept. Even some in the Church flaunt the law to exact 'justice' in the name of God, where a soft touch would suffice.”
“Don't I know it,” Pacian remarked. “Caedmus, you said Nel is a special case,” he pressed, still trying to understand it all. 
“Quite so,” Caedmus said as they walked around the immense base of a tree so tall, they could not see the upper boughs. “I have a connection with Nellise which allows me to sense her presence on the Materium with greater clarity than other mortals. Understand that everything is energy, and all energy is connected. Like waves in the ocean, the flow of energy throughout the cosmos influences events and matter in ways even we struggle to comprehend.”
That is so true, Sayana murmured, visibly witnessing around her the interplay of energies about which she’d only theorized in the past.
“What sort of connection?” Pacian continued. It was Nellise, however, who answered.
“You're my father,” she whispered, coming to a stop.
“Not exactly,” Caedmus assured her. “Twenty-three years ago, I travelled to the Materium to intercede in an important matter. We are only permitted to make this journey once per century, and since we do not have physical bodies, we must inhabit the body of a mortal being. These willing individuals are called vessels.”
“Yes, I'm familiar with the term,” Nellise responded with barely concealed excitement. “You chose my mother, yes?”
“Correct,” Caedmus confirmed, prompting them to continue walking. “After my work was complete, I returned to Assumption and your mother met the man who would become your father, and soon conceived you. The presence of a celestial being within a mortal host has some lingering effects, which are passed on to the first-born child. Thus, you have been blessed with a stronger connection to the Source than most mortals.”
“The Source?” Pacian asked with a hint of exasperation, something Sayana felt as well.
“Of all things,” Caedmus answered. “The Origin of Inspiration, the Muse of Existence. I do apologies, Pacian, for dropping all of this on you at once. Mortals often spend a lifetime learning and contemplating what I have imparted to you in a few minutes. Suffice it to say, the stronger one's connection to the Source, the more visible you become throughout the cosmos.”
“When Aiden rose from the dead to save us,” Nellise remarked, “I thought he was an angel sent from heaven. It turns out his soul was sewn back together by a dragon. I was rather disappointed when I learned this.”
“An astonishing achievement for a mortal, even a dragon,” Caedmus remarked. In the distance, Sayana could hear the gradually increasing sounds of a waterfall as they travelled. “But we digress. In short, I am a sort of spiritual father, if not your actual parent. Your real father perished at sea two years after your birth I am sorry to say, something your mother Helena kept to herself for reasons I do not truly fathom.”
Caedmus guided them onward a little further, toward the sound of the distant waterfall. They came to a halt at the edge of a precipice, looking down at a cascading torrent of not water, but sparkling energy. The dimensions were impossible to determine. It was entirely possible the cascade was a thousand miles across, yet also small enough to fit in the palm of one's hand. It appeared through the clouds like a river in the mist and came together into a conflux of energy which vanished into the clouds far below.
“This is the Source,” Caedmus stated. “It is through here Divine Kylaris channels the light of the cosmos into the Materium. If you look closely, you can see her performing her eternal meditations below.”
Sayana focused her vision through the blinding radiance and saw a vaguely feminine shape sitting amongst the confluence, her legs crossed in a meditative pose and hair-like energies swirling about her. The halo of light around her head was astonishing to behold, almost crystalline in form and Sayana knew then and there she was gazing upon a being of transcendent nature, as close to a god as she was ever likely to see with her own two eyes.
Nellise and Pacian stood in rapt attention, unable to speak at the sight before them. Caedmus seemed to sense their overwhelmed minds and gently guided them away. Even with her enhanced mind, Sayana was barely able to remain coherent in the face of such otherworldly might. As her faculties returned, she came to a realization.
This place appears to be filled with the energy of life, yet I sense no individual forms other than yourself. Is this not the place people come when they die?
“Astute of you to notice,” Caedmus answered pleasantly. “When someone reaches the end of their mortal existence, if they have gained sufficient enlightenment, they sometimes transcend their metaphysical boundaries and come here upon the demise of their material form. Those who have yet to finish their journey simply begin the cycle of life anew.”
How is this 'enlightenment' achieved? Sayana asked curiously.
“Patient study, introspection and solitude,” Caedmus answered. “Enlightenment is difficult to achieve while distracted by the noise of everyday life, another reason your friends were unable to take the step into this place. The three of you have had time to contemplate the vagaries of existence, and thus were open to the possibilities presented. You must think me terribly boring,” Caedmus chuckled. “I do love to teach, though I rarely need to compress advanced theology and inter-dimensional lore into such a short time span.”
“It has been genuinely fascinating,” Nellise assured him, though Pacian's expression seemed to say something entirely different. 
“This pleases me,” Caedmus answered. “We have nearly reached our destination, so I will finish by addressing a point you brought up earlier, Nellise. Kylaris channels divine energy into the Materium in the hope of uplifting the realms of mortals through her agents, such as you. Those who twist her blessing for their own ends do so with the belief they are right. The energy has no consciousness of its own — so long as the devout truly believe everything they do is right, they can manipulate said energy for their own ends. Morality is a separate issue, something Kylaris has imparted on the Materium in the form of the Codex Moralis.”
“So, a true zealot can murder people in the name of God and still be able to receive answers to their prayers,” Pacian pointed out. “I think some of our brethren have twisted the Codex to their own ends.”
“The road to Hell is paved with good intentions,” Nellise intoned, a quote Sayana had heard before.
“Many priests have fallen by the way using this power for other purposes,” Caedmus lamented. “Such is the price of free will. In pursuing their misguided path, they delude themselves into the belief that their choices are the way to Enlightenment. They will have to do better on the next cycle of their existence.” Sayana sensed a slight hardness to his voice as he spoke, but before she could ask anything further, they came to a stop at the edge of the garden. 
They looked upon a tall spire of pure white energy fashioned into the shape of a building resembling the cathedral in Fairloch. Intricate patterns of light which Sayana recognized as sigils were woven into the exterior structure, although the exact language was beyond her knowledge. Aiden could probably understand them, if he were here. Part of Sayana was sad neither he nor Robert could bring themselves to walk through the portal, and see this place with their own eyes. She would have to directly impart the image into their minds at some point to share the experience.
“The Concordance,” Caedmus announced in a quiet voice. “Your time here is almost concluded.” He continued along the path while Sayana and the others followed in awe of the sight ahead. Much like the Source, the spire of the Concordance defied perspective. It only took moments for them to traverse the field of long, swaying grass to arrive at the entrance, unnerving Sayana whose augmented senses cried out at the casual dismissal of logic.
A pair of doors swung inwards at their approach and they were granted access to a hall of lights. Colored stained-glass windows depicted people and places Sayana had never seen before, and she wondered if Nellise had any idea who they were. More of the obscure sigils were carved into the stone floor, each of them faintly pulsing with light. 
Many vaguely human-shaped forms of energy drifted through the open space inside the building, accompanied by whispered words. At the far end of the hall was a glowing cloud of energy far brighter than any of the others. The new figure was taller and hooded in the same manner as his celestial brethren, but the light from his halo was far stronger, and the aura of energy surrounding him vaguely appeared to resemble three sets of wings. Caedmus moved forward to present his guests to the celestial power.
“May I present Benedictum, light of heaven and divine apostle of Kylaris.”
“... Hi,” Pacian said, clearly at a loss for words. 
“Greetings,” Benedictum answered, his voice smooth and powerful. “Mortal visitors to this realm are rare indeed, though we are not unaccustomed to such events. Thy road has been long and hard, beset by evils and injustices. Know this — thy trials have not been for naught. Thine enemies position their terrible weapon to strike at thine homeland, but with alacritous timing and steadfast purpose, thou will prevail.
“Why is he talking like that?” Pacian whispered to Caedmus.
“Forgive mine archaic speech,” Benedictum answered with amusement. “Long hast been the centuries since mine last visit to the terrestrial realm. Thine language hath evolved considerably in a short time. I trust we can understand each other well enough?”
“We'll see,” Pacian answered cautiously. “Look, this whole experience has been quite overwhelming, and I'm starting to wonder if we were given the grand tour to do just that. Understand that I'm not that pliable, and I know when I'm being manipulated. What I want to know is, are you able to help us avert a disaster?”
“The continued wellbeing of the advanced races of the Materium are paramount to our shared interests,” Benedictum responded. “Thy lack of faith is thine own concern, Pacian Savidge. Thou art blessed with rare insight into the worlds beyond thine world, yet thy cynicism remains a barrier to thine spiritual growth.”
“I'm just a product of my experiences,” Pacian replied with a shrug. “My life may be a mess, but I do the best I can given what I had to work with.”
“Thou chose the manner in which to be affected by thine experiences,” Benedictum corrected. “Ever hast the choice been in thine own hands. Thou art most comfortable thinking others art responsible for thine suffering, because it serves thine ego. Thou shall never be rid of guilt unless responsibility is taken for thine own decisions.”
“Do you have any idea of what I've been through?” Pacian asked through gritted teeth. Sayana wanted to warn him about angering the entity standing before them, for the power she sensed flowing through Benedictum could vaporize someone without a great deal of effort. 
“Thine past is known to me, Pacian Savidge,” Benedictum answered in the same pleasant tone of voice. Thankfully, it would probably take a great deal of effort to anger him. “Tragedy is the way of thine world. It is how thou and thy kin react to it which matters most. I say this only once, so as not to bore thou with preaching — shed thy guilt and victimhood. Seeketh thou a lighter path. Thine suffering is simply a matter of perspective.”
“I called out for help once, when I really needed it,” Pacian continued with suppressed anger. “I lay on a field with a man trying to kill me and all I got was silence.”
Your duel against Dante Colt, Sayana remarked, recalling the bloody fight which resulted in Colt being knocked unconscious. 
“How much use was my faith then? Where were you when I needed you most? I survived that fight on pure rage alone, no thanks to you and yours.”
“If thou called to us on that day, we did not hear,” Benedictum replied. “But thou hast answered thine own question — thou cannot become a conduit for the light of Kylaris while filled with rage. Thy hatred for thine opponent stifled thy connection. Truly, thou left the care of thy teachers too soon, and in the midst of bloody conflict thou forgot the most important lesson — love conquers hate.”
“While I'm all for Pacian's continued spiritual growth,” Nellise interrupted delicately with a concerned glance at Pacian's apoplectic expression, “I believe we have a more pressing matter to deal with.”
“Fear not, beloved Nellise,” Benedictum assured her, “Developing affairs on the Materium shall be dealt with in due course, thanks to thine assistance. Our intervention will insure thou hast a chance to avert disaster.”
“Intervention,” Pacian muttered angrily. “You said it yourself — tragedy is the way of the world. If you have the power to intervene, why choose now? Why not the Battle of Highmarch? Plenty of people died there. What about the fall of Sohcareb, centuries ago? An entire city of people, burned to ash in a heartbeat. Where was your bloody intervention then?”
“There is thine anger again, Pacian. Thou must let go of hatred if thou wishes to continue on the path to enlightenment. As to thy point, we are limited by the available vessels, for the people of Sohcareb were distracted by material pursuits and thus, few were sufficiently open to our aid. So too are we constrained in travel to the Materium. Once a century, that is the limit for a disciple of Kylaris. Our numbers are few, so our interventions must needs be scrupulously considered. Our enemies know this, and create conflict to draw us out. Sohcareb was a perfect storm of prior engagements, leaving none free to intervene in the destruction of that jeweled city.”
“But not this time,” Benedictum assured them, his voice increasing in power. “The lost peoples thou face in their sky fortress have failed to distract us sufficiently with minor conflict. This time, their undoing is certain. Even now their fel sky weapon positions itself to strike down the lands of Aielund and while thy means of transit have been limited, they are not yet severed completely. This oversight shall be their undoing.”
Terinus mentioned he couldn't get us into the Akashic Throne through his portal, or anyone else's for that matter, Sayana pointed out. Is this incorrect?
“It is correct to the limits of his knowledge,” Benedictum corrected. “Portals such as these leave distinct traces, paths through the Aether that we can sense. Sa'quaarin, as thou refer to them, hast blocked access to all linked portals, yet one refuses to heed their call. A place once known as Abraxas contains such a portal beyond the influence of anyone outside of that blighted world. A clever person, with knowledge and surpassing wit could reach it. With the proper application of intelligence, it can be made functional to thy needs, linking to this 'Akashic Throne' and granting access.”
“A blighted world?” Nellise pondered. “I find it curious a device as this exists in such a place. 
“Once, it was a great beacon of knowledge,” Benedictum lamented. “Tragic was their fall from grace. Pacts were made with abhorrent creatures of the lower planes, who naturally turned against them years later. Through high magic and advanced sciences, material vessels were created for them so they might walk the worlds of the Materium.”
“Bestial creatures?” Nellise asked with dread. “Tall and demonic in appearance?”
“Just so,” Benedictum confirmed. “Thou hast confronted them before, I see.”
“The world you speak of… I had the unfortunate experience of visiting briefly. I barely escaped with my life, and that of Criosa Roebec. You would have us journey there again?”
“If access to the Akashic Throne is what thou seek,” Benedictum responded. “The portal on Abraxas is no longer under control of thine enemies, for it was adjusted to open unto places never intended in its design. This is thine only way forward, child. So sayeth Divine Kylaris.” Sayana and her two companions were silent in thought, recalling the desperate fight to close a portal just like the one described in the ancient city of Acadia. 
The tall, demonic-looking creatures were incredibly powerful, and would pose a real threat for the duration on Abraxas. More than that, they would likely transit from one battle straight into another without pause, as they sought to end the threat of sa'quaarin retribution. Nellise's expression was haunted, a sure sign of her reluctance to return to that world. 
“From what you describe,” she eventually said to the celestial entity, “the world lies in ruins and the portal itself could be damaged. Terinus may be able to affect repairs, but we will need to hold it against any incursions while he does. We are mighty, but few in number.”
“What about the escardi?” Pacian asked. “They owe us for saving them from that frozen rock they were living on.”
“A few of them might help, if asked,” Nellise responded, “but so many of them were wounded or sick from long years of rough living. We cannot ask them to sacrifice themselves for this.”
“Well, we can ask, or we can ask, if you know what I mean,” Pacian hinted.
“Regrettably, I do,” Nellise muttered. 
“If assistance is what thou require, that is what thou shalt receive,” Benedictum declared. “I will personally offer mine aid to hold the portal. I have not travelled the Materium for centuries untold, and I wouldst aid thee in this desperate hour.”
“Don't you need a vessel to do that?” Pacian pointed out.
“I do, and when the time comes, I shall arrange for one. There is one other offer I can make to thee, Nellise. Thou art a child of Kylaris in more ways than one, and though thou hast been brought here prematurely, a tremendous gift can yet be given to thee.”
“What do you mean?” Nellise asked curiously.
“You have dedicated yourself to the teachings of Kylaris,” Caedmus explained, “and your trials over the last few years have fortified your resolve. As the daughter of a former vessel, you are more than ready to transcend your mortal form. Did you not suspect this when the being you knew as Solas Aingeal possessed you for a short time during the Battle of Highmarch? If your mortal form were to perish, you would surely join us here in Assumption.”
“Wait, you want me to die and become like you?” Nellise asked incredulously. 
“No, there is another way,” Caedmus replied. “Your mortal form still lives, so you would inhabit it as your own personal vessel for the duration of its existence. You would become, in effect, an earth angel, able to speak for Kylaris directly and guide the Church of Aielund back onto its rightful path. This may, in some small fashion, make up for the lack of a father figure during your formative years. In essence, I am granting you the only gift I can — ascendance.”
“I... this is a generous offer indeed,” Nellise breathed, taken aback at what she was hearing. She glanced at Pacian, who looked back at her with an unreadable expression, awaiting her response. 
“I sense thy hesitation,” Benedictum observed. “This would not alter who thou art. Thou wouldst become something greater, more refined and able to carry out thy will upon the Materium.”
“But angels are not men,” Pacian pointed out. “You don't have free will, only the will of God, yes?”
“Thy studies serve thee well,” Benedictum remarked, still looking to Nellise for her answer. 
“Think about this,” Pacian whispered to Nellise, probably unaware that everything he said could be easily heard. “You will never be the same again.”
“Dear Pacian, I suspect you worry I’m going away forever, but that’s far from the truth. Think of the state the Church is in, and what I could achieve with this blessing,” Nellise replied excitedly, touching the side of his face fondly. Their eyes met and for a heartbeat, all the pain and misfortune the two lovers had endured seemed to vanish. She then turned to Benedictum and spoke with confidence. “I accept, not for me, but for the betterment of mankind and the other races, and because with what is to come, I suspect we need all the help we can get.”
“Thou art welcomed into the ranks of the Seraphim,” Benedictum intoned as his signature of energy surged. The light from his form grew with intensity, and while Pacian and Sayana were forced to hold up their hands to protect their eyes from the intensity, Nellise walked slowly towards the radiance. The nimbus of light from her grew until Sayana could no longer see the surrounding walls of the Concordance, only clouds and light.

Chapter Fifteen

Aiden leaned back in his chair next to the glowing radiance of the portal, staring up at the ceiling of the laboratory. He was still trying to shake the horrid feeling left after the psychic assault on his mind, and found the solid appearance of the ceiling above quite reassuring. There were no glowing eyes staring back down from the heavens, only the dark stone of the Black Tower. 
Looking to pass the interminable minutes, he glanced around the room and noticed a tall, dark wooden cabinet against the wall. He had seen it within his nightmarish vision, dripping with blood. Aiden had thought it was just another twisted image within his mind, but there it stood, real as can be. He stood and sauntered over to it, making sure Terinus and Robert weren't paying attention as he tested the handle with a firm push.
It was locked, and the mechanism seemed quite solid. He would probably be able to break it using his gauntlet for strength, though it occurred to him it might be locked for good reason. Aiden might not be able to acquire the key without alerting someone else to his interest. Giving up for the moment, he strolled slowly back to his chair and sat, disappointed but refusing to surrender. Something important lay within that cabinet and he was determined to find out what it was.
As he leaned back in his chair once more, he briefly adjusted the metal circlet upon his brow, finding it somewhat uncomfortable against his skin despite the fact it had saved his life.
“Quit fiddling with that thing or they'll melt your brain,” Robert advised from across the room, a puff of smoke wafting from his mouth as he spoke. 
“Yes, but that doesn't make it any more comfortable,” Aiden responded dourly. “And honestly? You need to stop smoking those things.”
“It helps me relax.”
“Tell that to your lungs,” Aiden warned, drawing an ambivalent shrug from the mercenary.
“Some bizarre-looking ancient monsters are supposed to be vaporizing us at any moment now. I figured I'd go out with a smile on my face and Sy isn't here right now. Where are these monsters of yours, Terry? I don't have all day you know.” Terinus paced back and forth before the control devices, muttering curses under his breath, for they told him nothing about what was happening beyond the tower.
“I anticipated a delay while the orbital lance is brought to bear,” he rasped tersely in reply. “With my instruments blocked there is little I can do to verify this. Their assault against Aiden and the meddling with my devices strongly indicate a retributive strike is pending. More than that, I cannot say. The delay is interminable and our allies have yet to return. Every minute we wait brings us closer to discovering the plans of my former masters in the worst possible manner.”
“They should just get on with it, yeah?” Robert mocked, drawing a withering glance from the wizard. 
“Settle down, both of you,” Aiden ordered. “We need to give Nel a little more time before we give up completely.”
“The delay could cost us everything,” Terinus pointed out gravely. 
“Do you really believe the three of us can win this?” Aiden shot back. “I'm not even sure all six of us can get it done, but I'll take six over three any day. Let's not forget we have no way of getting to that bloody fort in the sky, either.”
Terinus was about to reply when there was a shift in the glowing white curtain of the portal. Pacian emerged, appearing thoughtful as he nodded to Aiden on his way past. 
“About time,” Robert greeted him gruffly. 
“We got caught up in the moment,” Pacian explained cryptically.
“Tell me what happened,” Terinus asked him with intense curiosity. “Was it a place of pure energy, or was there land upon which to walk?”
“Perhaps one of the others would be better able to answer that,” Pacian muttered distractedly. As if on cue Sayana, shimmering with brilliant blue light, levitated through the portal. Her hair seemed to dance around her of its own accord, and her eyes shone with such brilliant intensity Aiden couldn't look at them directly. Robert tossed aside the stump of his cigar and hurried forward, a look of concern on his face.
“Are you alright?” he asked, squinting against her brilliance. “Is all this supposed to be happening?”
All is well,” she assured him. The realm we visited was an astonishing source of energy. I am holding on to it for later use. Robert gingerly reached out, touched her hand and was visibly relieved when he wasn't burnt or otherwise harmed from the contact. She smiled patiently at him and they came together for a gentle embrace. 
Nellise appeared through the portal just behind the sorceress, serene and radiant but otherwise unchanged. Immediately after she emerged, the shimmering curtain of light vanished, leaving the room illuminated only by its mundane sources of light.
“Another minute and I was going to abandon you in whatever place you had found yourselves in,” Terinus said in a measured voice. “I am, however, deeply curious about your experience in that strange realm.”
“If you were truly interested, you would have stepped through the portal,” Nellise suggested. She gazed at Terinus without flinching, her golden eyes carrying a kind of weight they’d never had before. “I have received the knowledge we need to continue with our mission. Know that our success is of great importance to the powers who granted me this information, and we should move ahead without delay. Adjust your portal to take us to the world of Abraxas.”
Terinus hesitated a moment before inclining his head slightly and turned to make the necessary adjustments to the controls.
“The powers who imparted this knowledge must have known what they were asking,” he remarked. “Abraxas is a blighted world, abandoned for centuries and held by the embodiment of evil.”
“I am well aware of this, as are my benefactors,” Nellise confirmed. “We shall receive aid for the duration of our brief stay.” 
“And what is the nature of this 'aid'?” Terinus inquired with a hint of mistrust.
“The kind we need,” Nellise answered obliquely. 
“Did God open the door for you?” Robert asked. He was mocking her again, but didn't sound quite as sure of himself as before.
“It was an old and dear friend,” Nellise explained simply with a wistful smile. There was something different about her, a steely resolve which hadn't been there prior to her departure through the portal. Nothing else about her outward appearance hinted at the change, so Aiden adjusted his vision through force of will and as the colors of the room shifted, they settled upon a familiar blue-black tone which highlighted something remarkable.
Nellise's body seemed to have the same properties as everyone else, but an aura of golden light surrounded her, invisible to the naked eye. It followed her like a ghost when she moved past, leaving a trail of light in her wake. Sayana too glowed with similar luminescence, but in her case, it seemed to be suffusing her form, whereas Nellise's body appeared to be directed by the energies around her, as if controlling her somehow. It was a subtle distinction Aiden did not fully understand.
Releasing his vision to return to the visible spectrum, he noticed Robert and Sayana sharing a kiss that made the mercenary's cropped hair stand on end. It was quite a turnaround from the near-hostility they had shared for the past few days, and despite knowing better, Aiden couldn't help but pry.
“I see you two have put your differences aside,” he remarked as he approached.
“Yeah, well, we had a long talk about that,” Robert conceded as he gave the diminutive young woman a crushing hug, which made her squeal with delight. “We discussed everything we'd kept from each other over the years, the little secrets and the reasons why, and then we both agreed I was being an idiot.”
“Is that so?” Aiden asked without giving away his agreement on this fact. “Honestly, I’ve wondered for years what you see in each other.”
“She’s genuine,” Robert answered simply. “I’ve met a lot of women over the years, all so busy dancing around, trying to pretend to be what they aren’t, it gives me a headache. Sy grew up away from towns and cities, and that’s given her a streak of honesty she can’t hide. You’ve no idea how refreshing that is.”
I found the same in Robert, Sayana added. A man who has known love and been betrayed by it, time and again, as if he expected the world to be a certain way, yet found it lacking. I’ve been chipping away at his cynicism for a while now but he’s a stubborn one.
“I have issues, I'll be the first to admit it,” Robert admitted. “I sometimes let my imagination get carried away and start thinking the worst of people unless informed otherwise. Sy has her own problems and we'll never get past them if we don't communicate. I won't let that happen again, I promise.”
I might never become a normal person, Sayana confided, but it makes things easier if I have just one person understand me as well as he does.
“I know what you mean,” Aiden said with a wistful smile as his thoughts turned to Criosa.
“Plus, the sex is amazing,” Robert added, quickly receiving a shocked look and a slap from Sayana.
“Enough horseplay you two,” Nellise chastised them both. “We need to be ready to move in a few minutes if we are to take advantage of this window of opportunity. Everyone, please gather your equipment.”
“Someone's taking charge,” Robert remarked pointedly as Nellise left the lab to find her gear. “What happened to you in there?”
That is a story for another time, Sayana whispered.
“Fine, I'll get it out of you sooner or later. Now come help an old man put his armor on.” They headed for their chambers, passing a rather harried looking Lucas and Saffron, who were on their way in with refreshments.
“Sorry we're a bit late with the food,” Lucas apologized to those remaining. “We've been up to our elbows in blood and guts, don'tcha know? I... wait, did I wash me ‘ands before making all this?”
“I told you to wash ‘em again just in case,” Saffron pointed out. 
“I must ‘ave done,” Lucas muttered, “I don't see blood all over the place for starters. I'm sure it'll be right, you lot tuck in as ya need.” Aiden gingerly picked up a small triangle of sandwich as he went past, inspecting it closely before taking a bite. He might prattle on incessantly, but Lucas certainly knew how to prepare delicious food. 
As he began donning his equipment, Aiden noticed Pacian sitting alone across from the portal. He seemed pensive and thoughtful, prompting Aiden to wonder just what he'd experienced on the other side. The cryptic serenity of the others was grating and it was time for some answers. 
“Are you okay, mate?” he asked as he picked up a few items from the bench and approached his old friend. 
“I'm thinking about all the points in my life where I made the wrong decision,” Pacian answered quietly. 
“That's kind of deep. Is this really the time?”
“I'd like to have my head in the right place before we get on with this,” Pacian explained. “You know, it’s one thing to blame your failings as a person on circumstances, and quite another to realize you have complete control over your own life and everything that's ever happened is the result of your own decisions.”
“What does that mean?” Aiden asked, pulling up a chair and looking at him with concern.
“It means I've decided to take responsibility for my actions for the first time in my life,” Pacian declared with soft authority. “All of it. Nobody made me who I am, except me.”
“I assume you had some help drawing this conclusion,” Aiden remarked. “I'm guessing someone told you what you needed to hear. The shocking thing is, you listened.”
“You wouldn't think you'd doubt the advice of a higher power like the one we just met, but I reacted with anger when he imparted his wisdom. I had to think about it a bit before it started to make sense. One day I might tell you just how hard that was. Short answer, I've decided who and what I want to be.” 
“And that is?”
“A decent man,” Pacian answered simply.
“You know, I'd pay real money to find out what you saw through the portal.”
“I'm still trying to wrap my head around it,” Pacian confessed. “When I understand it, I'll let you know.”
“Fair enough,” Aiden said, starting to understand the reasons none of them would speak about their experience. It was simply too difficult to explain with mere words. “What's up with Nel?”
“What do you mean?” 
“She looks the same, she moves the same, but there's something different about her,” Aiden clarified. “There's a certain indefinable quality that's changed. I mean, Sy's glowing like the sun, you're starting to talk sense for the first time in forever, so what happened to Nel?
“She's an angel,” Pacian answered simply. 
“We knew that already. Putting up with you all this time will likely get her nominated for sainthood.”
“I mean it literally,” Pacian growled. “It's a special gift from her father apparently, or at least the closest thing she has to one. Ascendance. The real deal.” Aiden was taken aback at this revelation and leaned back in his chair to take it all in. 
“You look how I feel,” Pacian remarked with a wry grin. “The Church is going to be in for a shock when we get back. Nel will take charge and be the living embodiment of the heavens upon the earth. The bureaucrats and politicians in the hierarchy won't know what hit them. Maybe she can turn the place into what it should have been from the beginning, who knows.”
“Maybe, but we've quite a task before us to deal with first,” Aiden sighed. “Are you up for it?”
“I think so.”
“Know so,” Aiden advised, holding up a pair of bracers retrieved from Placidus. “We can't go into this doubting ourselves or we're doomed before we start.” Pacian seemed to consider this for a moment, and then his entire body shifted slightly, reflecting an internal decision which changed his appearance in subtle ways. When he spoke, it was with calm assurance, something Aiden hadn't heard since before Pacian's duel with Colt back at Bracksford.
“I want to be strong,” he affirmed. “I want to stand for something honorable for a change. I want to protect the people I cherish and above all, I want to put the past behind me and move forward anew.”
“Then do so,” Aiden answered simply, dropping the bracers into Pacian's hands. 
“What are these for?”
“Speed,” Aiden said with a wink. 
“I can do speed,” Pacian remarked, clasping them to his wrists and testing the weight.
“Great. Now that you've made some personal growth, come break into this cabinet for me.”
“Wait, what?” Pacian blurted.
“I need to see what's in there,” Aiden explained. You're not the only one receiving advice from an unusual source today.” Pacian gave him a searching look then sighed in resignation.
“Why don't you just get Terinus to open it? It's his cabinet.”
“I suspect he may not want to show me what's inside,” Aiden confided, “and I don't want to arouse suspicion.” Pacian reached into his pouch and withdrew his lock picks, keeping his gaze upon the black-robed wizard across the room. Terinus seemed entirely absorbed with his calculations, so Pacian crept towards the nearby cabinet, his feet making no sound upon the flagstones.
Aiden interposed himself between the two men, providing cover for Pacian to work. There was something familiar about this, a feeling he'd done this before long ago, yet he couldn't recall any specific memory. Given their history, it was likely Aiden helped his friend in this manner at some point in the past. The subtle clicking of the lock was barely audible as Pacian worked, and within moments the sound stopped.
“Done,” Pacian whispered, evidently having lost none of his skill during his time at the monastery.  Aiden casually turned around to face him and watched as the door opened on silent hinges. Pacian peered inside and judging by his blank expression, had no idea what he was looking at. Unable to see inside from his angle, Aiden glanced behind him to ensure Terinus was still preoccupied, then moved to look into the cabinet.
There were small glass vials arranged upon the shelves within, each of them no larger than a thumb. Labels on each vial featured scrawled handwriting in what Aiden recognized as the elvish language — quite probably Terinus' own writing. Aiden wasn't well versed in the language and was unable to translate it for the most part, but a few of the more obvious words stuck out. 
“What is all this?” Pacian asked in a whisper. 
“Something dangerous,” Aiden warned in equally hushed tones. “This symbol means 'hazard' in elvish, that much I know.
“You shouldn't be in there,” Terinus interrupted, uncomfortably close. Aiden whirled around and saw the wizard standing right next to him, his ancient eyes glaring with mistrust. “That cabinet was locked for a reason.”
“Because it's full of poison?” Aiden asked pointedly. 
“Precisely,” Terinus rasped, shoving him aside and slamming the door closed. Undeterred, Aiden thought quickly and asked a question he hoped would yield some interesting results.
“What does all of that have to do with Saffron and Lucas?” The two raelani servants immediately paused in their duties and looked over in confusion.
“I never mentioned them,” Terinus replied with only the slightest hesitation. He was well-practiced in lying, but Aiden had him this time. 
“The correct answer would have been 'nothing, why do you ask?'” he purred. “There is a connection, isn't there?”
“This cabinet contains toxins so potent a single drop could kill everyone in this room,” Terinus rasped with exaggerated emphasis. “They are not to be played with nor argued over.”
“'ang on a minute mate,” Lucas protested. “What's this got to do with us?”
“He invoked your names, not I,” Terinus responded. “Attend your duties.”
“In my dream I saw a line of blood coming from this cabinet,” Aiden persisted, “and the blood led directly to both of you.”
“That was a dream, Aiden,” Saffron pointed out. “More than that, it was some kind of twisted version of reality projected into your mind. It was probably nothin’.”
“No, all the images, no matter how distorted, had some relation to the people I saw,” Aiden retorted. “It doesn't take a genius to figure this one out — this 'poison' is the one unleashed on your people, Saffron, and it has been sitting in this laboratory for decades.”
“You wot?” Lucas blurted. “Is this true? You better tell me you ‘ad nothin' to do with it, or I'll 'ave you mate.” Terinus remained silent for a moment of contemplation, then answered in a heavy voice.
“It was my fond hope this would never come out, but I have grown weary of keeping this secret.”
“You prick,” Lucas breathed in sudden anger. “You did it, didn't you! Murdered thousands of my people in some kinda monstrous experiment, and then brought Saffy and me back 'ere to be your servants? What kind of sick bastard are you?”
“I created the toxin many years ago,” Terinus confessed. “It is distilled from a rare flower in my homeland. When my 'service' to the sa'quaarin began, it fell into their possession and they saw its potential. You know of their vested interest in keeping the population of Feydwiir under control through nefarious means, and ever have they been seeking more efficient ways of achieving this.”
“They released it, not you,” Aiden surmised. 
“It was a test,” the wizard answered simply. “They concentrated the properties of the toxin many hundreds of times, and it worked better than they ever dreamed. Thousands died in a matter of days, far more than anticipated. Too many, as it happened, for they prefer more precise measures. When I learned my poison had been unleashed without my consent, I rushed to the scene in an effort to counteract the poison.”
“You ‘ad the antidote?” Saffron asked.
“Of course. The toxin had been modified, so I had to work hard to alter the antidote to match. I brought twenty-four men and women here so I could perfect the cure. Regrettably, only two survived.
“Us,” Lucas muttered.
“By the time the cure was ready, it was too late. I returned to a scene of terrible loss and a figure reminiscent of death hovering over the dead. I claim responsibility for the demise of countless men and women over the years through war and other means, but the loss of ten thousand raelani in a matter of days is the blackest stain on my soul.”
“I notice you've kept the poison,” Aiden remarked after everyone took a few moments for the story to sink in. 
“A minute dose of my original formula,” Terinus conceded as he opened the cabinet's door once again. “Kept for reasons beyond my conscious understanding. Perhaps it will be of some use in the coming hours.” He plucked the small vial from its shelf and carefully placed it into a pouch on his belt. Nellise, Sayana and Robert, all fully equipped returned to the laboratory, having missed the drama of the moment. Terinus turned to address Saffron and Lucas.
“You have both been silent, which does not surprise me in the least. Before you say anything, there is one other matter of relevance. I see my associates are ready to depart, and so I must ask you to see the tower is evacuated once we have left. Everyone must leave — the remaining escardi, and both of you.”
“We'll be dead within minutes,” Saffron protested. “You know the only thing keeping the toxin at bay is the magic of this place.”
“Wait, we're missing something,” Lucas interrupted thoughtfully. “The cure, you said you cured this bloody thing years ago.”
“Correct, though I did not share the fact before now,” Terinus rasped.
“Are you saying we're not going to die?” Saffron blurted in disbelief. 
“Not only that, you were cured a long time ago,” Aiden pointed out to the incredulity of the two raelani.
“You've kept us ‘ere for 'ow long?” Lucas erupted, his wobbly legs suddenly barely able to keep him standing. 
“My work in finding the cure for the toxin was secret, even from my masters,” Terinus explained. “Had you returned to your homes, they would have discovered my treason. I may have been punished, but you would most certainly have been killed. The knowledge of the true cause of the 'plague' had to remain secret at all costs. They may have even discovered my long-term intentions of foiling their plans, had they reason to suspect my duplicity.”
“’ow many bloody decades were we forced to work here?” Lucas shouted. Saffron remained silent at the sudden revelation. 
“It no longer matters,” Terinus suggested. “Within hours, we will either have vanquished our enemies, or fallen in the attempt. You are free to leave. I wish things could have gone differently, but at least you have your health and the rest of your natural lives together. There are extensive treasures to be found in my chambers. They are yours to keep. Spend wisely.”
“After years of being imprisoned ‘ere, we can finally leave,” Saffron whispered, daring to believe her life was about to abruptly change. “We can travel!” She turned to Lucas who was conflicted between outrage and the knowledge he and his wife were suddenly rich. “We can have the family we always wanted.”
“Ah, well, 'ang on a minute luv, let's not go overboard,” Lucas hedged. 
“Lucas, we just spent several lifetimes cleaning up after a monster,” Saffron interrupted. “I want a normal life, and I want children.”
“You two can discuss this later,” Nellise chimed in. “Grab what you can and leave immediately.”
“Too bloody right we will,” Lucas crowed, grabbing Saffron's hand and running out into the hall with a joyous squeal. 
“Well, that break-in paid off for someone,” Pacian remarked almost to himself. 
I have informed the remaining escardi of the situation, Sayana informed the others. They are already moving to the exit.
“I shall open the way for them,” Terinus declared, heading for the door with his staff clicking on the floor with each step. The towering men and women of the escardi were already marching past the lab, helping each other where needed. This group had been the most wounded of the refugees and had remained behind to further mend their injuries but could no longer remain in the tower. 
Several looked into the lab at Aiden's assembled companions, speaking words of thanks which Sayana translated for them. Their Marshal, Jenovia, walked into the room and enclosed Nellise in a crushing hug, oblivious to the heavy armor the cleric wore. 
“That's quite alright,” Nellise murmured with a smile. 
“I was told of your actions holding off the saerid,” Jenovia said. “We owe all of you our lives. One day, we will repay your people in kind. For now, take this.” She offered her arbalest to Nellise, who inspected the massive weapon dubiously.”
“This isn't really my preferred weapon anymore,” the cleric remarked, almost handing it back before something occurred to her. “Wait, I think I can put this to good use, actually. Thank you.”
“It has served my people for generations, and will not fail you,” Jenovia added. “I would join you if not for my responsibilities to my people. Farewell to you all, and good fortune in your confrontation.”
The last of the escardi filed past, Nellise turned away from the laboratory door, and Saffron poked her head in for a brief word.
“Oh, I almost forgot,” she called, tossing a bag of rattling ingredients to a surprised Nellise. “The last of me ‘ealing kit. I made a batch of potions in case of an emergency. You'll probably ‘ave more need of it than we.”
“Thank you both,” Nellise replied as Lucas, bearing a dozen or more golden jewels draped around his neck, darted past with a wink. 
“Time to go. Good luck!” Saffron said as she hurried after her husband.
“Alright, that's quite enough of the chatter,” Robert grumbled as he secured the last of his equipment. “Let's focus on the task at hand. We all remember the last time we ran into these demon things, right?”
“Vividly,” Nellise responded. 
“Right, well, Sy has a few surprises for them this time, and we've been talking tactics.” Robert continued to speak about his one true love — strategy — while Aiden zoned out a little. He listened to the mercenary's words in the corner of his mind, but found his thoughts drifting to images of Criosa. 
He was overcome with a powerful desire to look upon her face one more time but quickly suppressed the feeling. Though inspired to do what he could to save her and this kingdom they both cherished, he could not allow his feelings to interfere with carrying through the impending challenge.
Around him the mixed voices of his companions chattered away, voicing their concerns and plans for the impending battle. Terinus returned to the lab and headed directly for the console, checking the controls to make sure all was in order.  
Pangs of regret flooded Aiden's mind as he thought back to the first meeting of their little group, years ago. Sayana had been a starving waif, barely able to generate any sorcery yet possessed of the courage to face off against thugs and bandits to save others. Nellise was a naive young acolyte, trying to help the locals but stepping in way over her head in the process. 
Pacian had once been carefree despite his troubles, until they overwhelmed him in the worst possible way, and Robert had been a fierce opponent before they defeated him in the Battle of Culdeny. They had come so far and been changed immeasurably along the way.
“Terinus, have you any indication an attack from your masters is imminent?” Aiden asked the wizard.
“To the best of my knowledge, the skies remain clear and the sa'quaarin are yet to show their intentions,” he rasped. “How long this situation continues is unknown.”
“For whatever reason, we've been given some time to act and we shouldn't squander it, but there's something I'd like to say very quickly.”
“Doesn't matter how fast you talk,” Robert pointed out as he shouldered his pack, “you're still squandering.”
“Look,” Aiden continued with a long-suffering glace at the mercenary, “we've all sacrificed to reach this point. Not one of us can say we're unscathed by the events of the past few years. I'm certainly not the man I used to be,” he added, glancing down at his clawed appendage. “I've done things I'm not proud of, killed and ordered others to kill in my name. I'm not proud of any of it. Maybe I could have done things differently, maybe I never had a choice in the matter, but either way I'm not going to shirk any responsibilities for it.”
“We've all come a long way and here we stand, together one more time. Although we agreed to go through with this, none of us asked for the responsibility we now bear. For centuries, these monsters have cast their long shadow over the races of Feydwiir. Greater minds than ours have tried to rid the world of their influence and all of them have failed. But after each attempt, they left a little piece behind for others to find when the time was right. Those pieces have come together here and now.”
“Most of our new acquisitions had been stored away against the time until they were needed. Sayana's augment, Nellise's ascendance and Terinus' patient study of our enemy, it's all coming together for this moment. The weight of generations of sacrifice lies on our shoulders.”
“Far from being overwhelmed by this responsibility, we should be uplifted by it. When we fight, the spirits of hundreds of thousands of victims crying out for justice stand with us. Though the people of Aielund may never know of this fight or the impending destruction hovering unseen over their heads, we will liberate them anyway. This is the moment when we finally throw off the shackles binding humanity's past and present. This is when we stake our claim to the future.”
Aiden hadn't planned to make a speech. It just sort of... happened. The others regarded him in silence, with not a mocking word or gaze among them. Aiden reached behind him and grasped the hilt of the alien sabre and raised it before him.
“Aielund forever,” he said with quiet reverence, glancing at each of them respectively. They each drew their weapons and raised them in kind, touching the points together and somberly repeating the stirring phrase. 
“For the memory of Acadia,” Terinus rasped, adding his staff to the salute, a vow to do their utmost to save the land around them one more time. “Open the portal,” Aiden instructed. The wizard responded by turning and activating the portal with a stroke of his hand, and once the curtain of crimson light appeared, they walked through it one by one to meet their fate.

Chapter Sixteen

Sayana hovered above a cracked and blighted landscape, as the others followed her through the portal. The remains of decaying stone walls bordered the immediate area surrounding them, but beyond this artificial boundary there was little else to see. She had rarely experienced desolation, as was spread out before her as far as she could see. Distant mountains covered in grey ash were visible and a hot wind ruffled her hair. The air smelled of parched earth and decay.
It reminds me of Hocarum, she remarked sadly, recalling the time she spent living alone in the middle of that forsaken desert. It too had been dotted with the remnants of past civilization, a forlorn reminder of the destruction wrought by the sa'quaarin upon lands formerly known for their abundance. It had been a dark time in Sayana's life, but a necessary one. 
Solitude had given her time to think and process the terrible things she had done to both allies and friends at the Battle of Highmarch. Still, it wasn't something she ever wanted to relive, and the memories stirred by the familiar scene around them put her in a melancholy mood.
“Does that mean this place was struck by the orbital lance, just as Sohcareb was?” Aiden asked after glancing around at the desolation.
“It is entirely possible,” Terinus replied, “though I have no knowledge of the affair. Abraxas fell long before my time. I did expect a fight upon breaching the portal however. I find this quite disturbing.”
“Don't waste time wondering why we're not up to our necks in blood,” Robert growled, gripping his weapon nervously as he spoke. “Do whatever it is you need to get us where we need to go.”
“Just so,” Terinus answered as he and Aiden turned to examine the portal behind them. 
“Does this place look familiar to you, Nel?” Pacian asked.
“I have been here before, if that's what you mean,” she replied. “There were dozens of the monsters here at the time, delighting in Criosa's torment. I consider it a miracle we made it back alive. I also find this silence troubling, however.”
“I believe this may have something to do with it,” Terinus responded, gesturing to the control panel of the portal. It was a twisted mess of wires and broken metal.
“Do you think this a recent development?” Nellise inquired.
“It is difficult to say. The connection between here and Acadia was stable for centuries, but this world was at the receiving end. It seems likely this device was damaged long ago, for the creatures here have never reached any other world to my knowledge.”
Benedictum failed to mention this small obstacle, Sayana remarked to Nellise. She nodded but remained silent, her brow furrowed slightly at the omission.
“Can you fix it?” Aiden asked of Terinus.
“I anticipated the possibility the device would require maintenance, though not to this extent. I may need to utilize components from other sa'quaarin relics to restore function. There is also the matter of ensuring the portal is rendered inoperable after our departure, for we cannot risk allowing these creatures to traverse the worlds of the cosmos, unleashing destruction in their wake.” He withdrew a small, shiny box from one of his many pouches and touched its surface with one of his gloved hands. A ghostly book appeared above it, which the wizard began leafing through as if it were real. 
As they began to work on restoring the portal, Sayana felt a painful itching along her arms. The energy she was holding in from Assumption was beginning to fray her nerves. She wanted nothing more than to unleash the power contained within her small body, but she took a deep breath and held it in. 
We do not even know if any of these creatures still dwell here, she pointed out using her mind-voice. Perhaps, with the loss of the portal, they have withdrawn to a far continent?
“There's one way to find out,” Robert said, glancing suggestively at the sky. “Just be discreet, y'know?” Sayana nodded her assent and altered the way light flowed around her, obscuring her from sight. She then effortlessly levitated further above the ground until she was effectively flying through the sky. The ruined building receded below, allowing her to see more of the vista beyond the confines of this remnant of civilization. 
Higher and higher she soared, feeling the hot wind increase with intensity as she ascended into the deep blue skies. No clouds obscured the view as the horizon spread out before her, though the shimmering air rising from the surface distorted the vista somewhat. Sayana was momentarily distracted by the freedom she felt, drifting high above the cracked earth with ease. The rippling air in the distance shifted and warped the surroundings, but with a gentle focus of will, she was able to see through the heat and make out a shifting mass.
It was most likely an old forest covering the landscape along the horizon. Other than that, there seemed to be little else of interest. Whatever had struck this land had obliterated just about everything, leaving only the dusty earth to remember what was once here. Only when she increased the focus of her vision did Sayana realize there was something wrong with the scene before her. 
After a moment of incomprehension, she gasped as the true nature of the forest became clear. It was, in fact, a horde of the demonic monsters they had faced in Acadia. 
Thousands of them.
They prowled the shattered landscape, occasionally fighting each other as power struggles played out within their midst, but always were they moving, slowly but inexorably towards the portal area. Sayana was unable to calculate how long it would take them to arrive, but as soon as they noticed their blighted world had visitors, they were sure to accelerate their progress. Sayana dismissed the idea of charging forward to engage them at a distance, lest she alert them prematurely.
We are not alone here, she reported, reaching out to touch the minds of her companions. 
“How many?” Robert asked, audible to Sayana even at this distance. 
They are beyond counting. I... think they heard me! Their behavior changed the moment I started communicating. 
“Get back here,” Robert growled. “I'm setting up a defensive line. That bloody portal is going to take a while to fix.” The joy of flying vanished, replaced with dread as Sayana dove down to rejoin the others. In the distance, the monstrous horde had begun moving towards the ruins. Despite taking care to make sure her inner voice was only heard by her friends, they had clearly sensed their presence.
Berating herself for the slip, she dismissed her invisibility and alighted on a high outcrop of a stone wall above the area surrounding the portal. 
“Good, just stay up there and keep an eye out for them,” Robert advised in his “professional” voice. “They can come at us from any direction so we're going to have to stay mobile.”
“No, you stick to one place and hold it,” Pacian responded. “I can be anywhere I need in a moment's notice.”
“Okay, Sy, you're on overwatch. If someone screams, that's where you need to focus. Nel, do you want to get some altitude for using that arbalest?”
“I was just thinking that,” Nellise remarked. To Sayana's sight, the energies within Nellise began to expand, spreading radiant light around her physical form. Just like the other angelic beings, she sprouted wings of light and ascended above the ruins of the building, not far from Sayana. The others paused in their respective activities and looked upon the cleric in awe.
“Well... things are looking up,” the ever-pragmatic Robert stated.
“That's my girl,” Sayana heard Pacian whisper to himself, though she was certain no one else could hear him. 
“Aiden, hand me your left gauntlet,” Terinus rasped, snapping him out of his wide-eyed trance. Aiden began unclasping it but paused as he came to a realization.
“Wait, are you going to use this for spare parts?” he exclaimed.
“Of course,” Terinus responded absently. “The conduits within the device have been severed and must be replaced. That gauntlet is a weapon of remarkable power and thus, most likely contains the parts I require. I can also rig it to detonate after we have gone through, ensuring this doorway is forever sealed.”
“Are you certain you can't use something else?” Aiden said, clearly reluctant to hand over the weapon. “We might need its power to defend the area while you work.”
“Without its components, we will never leave this world alive,” Terinus answered, levelling a stare at Aiden until he relented. 
“Don't worry mate,” Pacian reassured him. “I think Sy has us covered for explosions.” Both men looked up at Sayana expectantly. Their attention was disrupted as Terinus slammed his staff into the parched earth and a sphere of shimmering energies surrounded himself and the portal.
“This will keep me relatively safe while I work,” Terinus informed them. “It is not indestructible, however, so do try to stop any attempt to assault the energy field.” He then turned his full attention to his task, ripping apart the sa'quaarin gauntlet with a curious, pronged tool.
“I'd feel better about this if I was on the other side of that sphere,” Aiden lamented, looking down at his exposed claw where the powerful weapon had once been. Sayana was about to reply when she felt an approaching surge of energy. She whirled around and searched the skies for a moment before spotting the phenomenon, a ball of intense light with the coherent energy of a living being.
“Fear not, my friends,” Nellise offered to placate them as the light rapidly approached, “I have been expecting additional aid from Assumption.”
A choir of noise erupted from the light, causing all but Nellise to cover their ears at the piercing sound as the ball approached. She closed her eyes and smiled as recognition passed between the two celestial entities. Sayana recalled such beings could not truly manifest upon the real world or “Materium” as the angel had termed it, without bonding with a vessel. Clearly, Nellise had been expecting such an event, but she was mistaken.
The light hovered near her for a moment longer, then darted over to Pacian. The sound of distant whispering could be heard and shortly thereafter the light vanished, at least to the visible eye. Sayana's vision could still see the swirling brilliance of Benedictum's energy beneath the surface of Pacian's body. He stood taller and with pride, a noticeable change after the celestial spirit took over. He conducted a quick examination of his new form, which was like a coat he hadn't worn in a very long time.
“Such an odd sensation,” Benedictum remarked with Pacian's voice as he flexed his fingers. “It will suffice. I am Benedictum, blessed disciple of Holy Kylaris. Know that the powers of Assumption stand with thee in this pivotal hour. Gird thyselves, for the scourge approaches.” While the others were too surprised by this sudden development to speak, Nellise expressed her thoughts on the matter.
“I was expecting to be your vessel,” she said quietly. “Pacian...”
“Carries within a legacy of pious devotion to higher powers from his ancestors,” the archangel finished for her as he hefted Pacian's scythe. “He will act as my vessel for a time. In fact, he welcomed the chance to serve. Though his path hath been tortuous and misguided, he yearns for redemption. Here, today, he will have it.” He raised his hood to obscure his face, and began to glow with a golden radiance. 
Further conversation was stifled by an ominous rumbling tremor beneath their feet as the movement of thousands of oncoming demons shook the very earth. Sayana felt her pulse quicken at the prospect of facing off against such a vast number of opponents, and judging by the nervous looks of her companions, they were all feeling the tension.
Recalling how open spaces made her task easier back in Placidus, Sayana steeled herself and soared into the air, ignoring Robert's shouted orders to hold position. He was an accomplished military commander but lacked a true understanding of her capabilities. She was about to educate them on her true potential.
Once she had gained sufficient altitude, Sayana surveyed the howling throng below, noting the several dozen winged demons who had taken flight and were rapidly approaching. Her body tingled with barely contained power and with a simple gesture, she finally unleashed it. The sound of the air being torn apart thundered across the plains as she sent a visible shockwave of force, over a hundred yards wide rippling towards them.
The winged demons — warped caricatures of humanity — were simultaneously battered and torn apart by the forces surging around them, plummeting back to earth to be crushed under the hooves of their brethren. It did little to slow their advance, but gave Sayana another idea. She reached out with invisible tendrils of energy which plunged deep into the earth. With a surge of power, she heaved the strata of rock and dirt, underestimating her own strength.
The surface rippled with explosive force across the entire front, shaking the ground violently and toppling the forerunners of the approaching horde. Some were hurled bodily into the air, while others simply fell and were trampled to death. A cascade of tumbling monsters was set in motion with devastating results, slowing their advance and buying time for Terinus to complete his work. 
Another flock of winged creatures rose from the pack, this time numbering in their hundreds. Sayana unleashed another shockwave, dropping nearly a dozen in one sweep, but those remaining in the air plunged onward with hunger in their glinting eyes. Not wishing to press her luck, Sayana dove for the ruins, narrowly avoiding a flock of monsters clawing at her heels. 
Flashes of white light shot out from the ruins, striking Sayana's pursuers and enveloping each one in golden flames. Nellise was putting Jenovia's repeater to work, firing off bolts in rapid succession and evidently blessing each one in flight. The demons shrieked as they fell from the sky — tendrils of dark green smoke boiling from their flesh.
It wasn't enough. Sayana was forced to create a protective layer of spectral armor to protect against the assault of others, all clamoring single-mindedly for her flesh. Flames erupted around her body as some of the larger demons focused their attacks upon her, forcing the sorceress to roll and twist through the air to avoid the fire.
She pulled up just short of the ground and swept over the landscape with fifty or more demons still keeping up with her. It was possible Sayana could go much faster than this, but she sensed the additional energies she had been harboring since Assumption were rapidly depleting and she would need everything left to survive the next few hours.
The host below had finally reached the ruins, where Robert and Aiden stood to meet them. The first waves consisted of the smaller, faster demons which proved to be no match for the defenders. Despite his earlier concerns of a two-pronged attack, the horde had come in from one direction only, making the task of protecting the portal easier. Robert fought comfortably against the towering horrors, fully trusting in his superior equipment and skill to protect him from the assault. Each sweep of Aeon Invictus severed limbs or simply split a foe in half. 
Aiden kept out of the mercenary's immediate area, focusing on keeping their northern flank clear. Although he lacked the repurposed energy weapon, he was still a formidable presence on the field. The sabre he wielded was shrouded in spiritual energies which themselves did more harm to the demons than the blade itself. 
To her sight, the ghosts of a dozen warriors fought alongside Aiden, striking in unison to compliment his cuts. Each hit was reinforced by the incredible strength provided by the sa'quaarin gauntlet, smashing through bone and scaled flesh with ease, and the edge of the blade left the sizzle of burning acid in its wake.
Focusing on keeping as many of their enemies occupied as she could, Sayana swerved in mid-air and shot up through the sky once more. Her pursuers followed, but lacked the power to ascend as fast as she. Raising a hand, she sent out a bolt of crackling green energy to strike the nearest demons, vaporizing them instantly. She had paused in the air for a moment to achieve this and failed to see the incoming danger.
A heavy object slammed into her side, sending her tumbling through the air. Her spectral armor had absorbed most of the impact, though her head was reeling. Turning to see what had hit her, a towering demon almost five yards in height had thrown a large chunk of masonry in her direction with immense force. 
It wasn't alone — there were dozens of the hulking behemoths gathering to assault the portal. Robert and the others were fighting hard to keep them at bay, but already the host was beginning to swarm around the edges of the ruins, seeking an unobstructed route to the portal. Nellise was already focusing her salvos on these developing fronts, but there were simply too many.
Benedictum was a figure of blinding radiance on the field of battle, striding fearlessly into the conflict with great sweeping strokes of the scythe. The aethereal armor upon his body enabled him to transition from one place to another instantly, cutting down his foes without giving them a chance to strike back. He used this to great effect, keeping the horde off-balance and unable to effectively respond. 
Sayana didn't give them time to recover. She raised her palm and closed her fingers into a tight fist. Energy surged along her limbs as reality warped around the cluster of demons, drawing them into the center of a maelstrom of nothingness. The winds howled along with their shrieks as the force of her will crushed their bodies into a tiny ball of matter, which then disappeared from existence with a rumble of thunder. 
With her enhanced vision, Sayana could see the energies of the demons were released from their bodies, not destroyed. They were similar in appearance to Benedictum's true form, though more discordant and frenzied. Without vessels to contain them, the demon spirits were forced to flee back to whatever realm they called home. 
Free from immediate danger, Sayana turned her attention once more to the ongoing battle below, and saw her allies sorely pressed by the advancing throng. Robert waded in a sea of severed limbs, facing off against three of the towering demon lords. They pummeled him with mighty blows from huge fists, slowly forcing the mercenary back toward the portal. 
Within his defensive sphere, Terinus continued to work, but time was running short. The defenders were only yards away from the sphere and were slowly being squeezed by the closing ring of monsters. They needed more time.
Benedictum, cutting down foes with each slice of his scythe sensed this too. He opened his arms and raised his obscured face to the sky, sending out a surge of energy to the heavens which responded a moment later as fire and brimstone began to fall to the earth. Sayana was forced to teleport out of the area as everything surrounding the portal was bathed in golden fire. 
She raised her hands to shield herself from the conflagration which shook the earth with each impact, the roars of dying monsters barely audible over the noise. Once it had died down, Sayana was relieved to see her allies still standing near the portal, untouched by the effects of the storm of fire. The same could not be said of their enemies. 
The broken and charred bodies of countless demons lay strewn about the landscape as smoke rose into the sky. Those remaining pulled back from the portal area to regroup. Despite their best efforts, Sayana and her allies had only vanquished a small percentage of the horde, which would undoubtedly strike again soon.
The sorceress, now glimmering with only a small portion of the energies she had started with, teleported back to Robert's side. He was leaning on Aeon Invictus, coughing heavily after the fight. She didn't blame him, as the stench from the roasted carcasses surrounding the ruins was overwhelming.
Are you alright? Sayana asked out of concern.
“Too much smoke,” he rasped ironically. 
“Look who's talking,” Aiden drawled, also showing signs of fatigue from the fierce fighting. 
“How are you progressing?” Nellise asked of Terinus, who was still focused on his task.
“Well enough, under these conditions,” the wizard answered. “I have repaired the conduit, yet my efforts to establish a link to the portal on the Akashic Throne fail every time. It's possible I have missed something important so I am double-checking my work.”
“We can't hold these things off forever,” Aiden pointed out. “We should be using this strength to fight you know who, not a bunch of monsters nobody cares about.”
“What about our new friend here?” Robert asked with a distrustful glance at Benedictum. 
“I am a conduit of the Source,” the archangel intoned evenly. “Mine energies are without end. Rest thyselves while I take the fight to our enemies.” He unfurled his six wings of light and took to the sky, flying directly for the nearest group of demons where he dove into their ranks, scattering them with the impact.
“He's good at what he does, I'll give him that,” Robert conceded. Terinus then spat a curse raising an eyebrow from Nellise. 
“What is it?” Aiden asked of the wizard.
“My work is without fault,” he responded gravely. “I am experiencing the same issues I encountered when I attempted to connect back at the Black Tower. This portal is being blocked, just like the others. We have been deceived.”
“That's not possible,” Nellise breathed. “The information we received came from Kylaris — it cannot be a lie.”
“If not a lie, then a deception,” Terinus corrected. 
“I cannot accept that,” Nellise responded simply. “Why would we have been brought here, if not for the stated reason?” Sayana looked to Benedictum in the distance, who waded through a sea of demons without fear. 
I'll ask, she said to the others, then reached out to Benedictum's mind. 
What is it, my child? he asked, evidently unsurprised at her presence.
We have just discovered the portal will not connect to the Akashic Throne, she explained. You informed us we would be able to do so from this place. How can this be?
Dost thou think me a liar? the archangel asked sadly. 
Your information comes from Kylaris, does it not? If she is as connected to the cosmos as you claim, then you cannot be in error. This leaves only one possibility. You misinformed us on purpose. Or am I incorrect?
Thou art not, Benedictum confirmed, but thou should understand the information was correct. Thou and thy friends transit to the Akashic Throne from this world, as has been prophesized. 
Then why the deception?
This world was once a jewel in the heavens, strong with faith in Kylaris, Benedictum explained even as he continued slaying demons around him. When the last of the faithful perished at the hands of the fallen, we lost access to the world. Only now hast one of my kind become free to walk this world again -
But you needed a vessel, Sayana finished for him. You tricked us into coming here so you could gain control of Pacian!
He is willing, and understands the sacrifice he hast made, Benedictum assured her. This world must needs be cleansed of its rot, and together, he and I will undo what hast been wrought though it may span a millennium. Abraxas will be reclaimed for the Light, and the souls of the fallen will be freed. Thou must forgive mine deception, for there was no other way to have thee come here. 
And what of our mission? Sayana argued. You may be attempting to reclaim an empty world, but we are on the verge of losing tens of thousands of innocents in a living Aielund. How can you be willing to sacrifice so many for this blighted world?
Thou wilt resolve the mystery of the portal in time to intercede, I assure thee. Thy companions and thee are free to continue with thy noble quest. Go. Sayana was speechless, and the others were similarly afflicted. She looked to Nellise, imploring her to intercede but the cleric made no such move.
“It is the will of Kylaris,” she replied simply. “I cannot interfere.”
“Do we even want to?” Robert pointed out. “Pacian is apparently alright with this arrangement, and I think we can get this done even without him. If they want to stay here and clean up this place, more power to them.”
“I find it hard to believe Pacian would go along with this,” Aiden hedged. “Perhaps we can talk to him?”
Give me a moment, Sayana said, then teleported to Benedictum's side. She made sure to keep out of his way and focused her vision upon him. 
The radiant energies of his form were blinding to her enhanced sight, but beyond that, under the serene brilliance of the celestial being was a subtle, simple energy that wasn't connected to him. Sayana recognized it as Pacian, and judging by the agitated nature of his spirit, he wasn't entirely happy with the situation. 
Pacian, can you hear me? she asked, sending the message directly to his mind. There was no answer, and she suspected he was being suppressed by the immense power of Benedictum. Astonishingly, it seemed Pacian was trying to reassert control over his body, though he simply couldn't compete with the archangel's might. Seeing this confirmed her suspicions and made her path clear. 
She alighted on the ground behind Benedictum and touched his back with an outstretched palm. Sayana drew in power from the air around her, darkening the sky for a moment as she summoned all the power she could manage, and then channeled it into the force occupying Pacian's body. 
The sudden and unexpected burst caught the celestial being by surprise, and he howled with anger as he was evicted from his vessel. A chorus of raging voices deafened Sayana as she continued the assault, shielding her eyes as the blinding light of Benedictum's form enveloped the area. Even the surrounding demons shied away from the manifestation as Sayana contested her will against his, and finally won.
The light vanished and silence descended as Benedictum was banished from Pacian's body, and sent all the way back to Assumption. Sayana staggered and barely caught Pacian as he fell into her arms. Momentarily drained, she hesitated too long and the recovering demons set upon them both. Claws tore at her as she held onto the unconscious Pacian tightly and teleported back to the area directly around the portal, where they both fell to the ground bleeding from a dozen small wounds. 
“What the hell just happened?” Aiden exclaimed as they appeared. Sayana took a moment to catch her breath as she felt blood flowing through the remains of her torn clothes.
“Hold them off,” she breathed with her normal voice. 
“How dare you assail an angel of Kylaris,” Nellise said in simmering anger. 
“Be angry with me later,” Sayana responded, getting back on her feet and moving towards Terinus. “Drop your shield, it's not going to do us any good now.”
“I can set the portal to return us to the Black Tower, but we cannot continue our mission from here,” the wizard advised. “We need to come up with an alternate plan.”
“Benedictum said we get through from here, so that's what's going to happen,” Sayana explained. “Set the coordinates and step aside.” Terinus exchanged a cold stare with her for a long moment, then did as he was told. 
“It is done,” he replied with a tremor of fear in his voice, even as the screaming roar of a thousand monsters descended upon them. “It will not connect, as it is being blocked from the other side.” Sayana didn't reply, but instead focused her sight on the weaving patterns of energy that made up the curtain of light. It wasn't complete, and flickered in and out of existence as if being torn down as quickly as it could be fabricated. 
Sayana followed the weave of energy until she found the point where the portal would normally connect. There was a subtle disruption in the glowing fabric of the curtain, a knot in the flow of energy. Focusing her will upon that point, she began to channel power into the portal, attempting to unravel the knot and allow the connection to occur.
Terinus watched her for a moment, and must have been able to discern what was happening, for he turned to look at the approaching host and raised his staff. The ground shook as a wall of stone almost fifty yards across arose from the earth. It cut off most of the monsters from the ruins for the time being, although many had made it into the immediate area and were already fighting Robert and Aiden. 
Sayana could not spare them a moment's thought as she increased the energy flow even more, effectively boring a hole through reality as she attempted to force a connection. Then, with a sudden flash of violet, the curtain of light fully formed and Sayana merely had to hold it in place to keep it running. 
“Go through,” she urged with grated teeth. “I can't hold this for long.” 
“The portal is open,” Terinus thundered to make sure everyone could hear. “Fall back!” He didn't wait to see if they followed, stepping through the curtain of light to the other side. 
“Secure the breach on the other side!” Robert bellowed, struggling to hold his opponents. Nellise hesitated for a moment before grasping Pacian's leathers and dragging him through the portal. Aiden and Robert began backing up, but their foes weren't interested in an extended fight. The door from this world was finally open and they lunged for it with all their might.
Aiden was kicked to one side, but he recovered quickly and brought his deadly sabre across the leg of the monster who'd kicked him, severing the limb directly from the torso. The giant demon roared as it crashed to the ground, colliding with its cousins as they attempted to gain their freedom. Robert and Aiden took advantage of the confusion to break from the fight and run as fast as they could through the portal, and on the way past the mercenary grabbed Sayana's arm and pulled her through.
Sayana found herself standing in a room lit only by the shifting colors of the portal's curtain and the subtle glow of Nellise's wings, with the rest of her companions standing guard at the portal's edge. Still connected to the device, Sayana had to take a moment to extricate herself from the strands of energy. In doing so, she set in motion the explosive device Terinus had implanted, ensuring the door would be sealed behind them. 
Just as Sayana triggered the device, a huge clawed hand came through the portal and lashed out at whatever was nearby. It struck Aiden who was unprepared for the surprise attack, and was flung into the darkness. 
“Close it!” Robert shouted hoarsely, unaware Sayana had been attempting to do just that. Finally free of the portal's energies, she released her will and the curtain vanished in an instant. The sound of flesh being severed made her queasy, for the creature had been partially through the portal when it closed. Blood flowing from the severed arm formed a sizeable pool on the floor. 
The only sounds Sayana could hear were the thudding of her heart and the heavy breathing of her companions. A light sprang into being from the tip of Terinus' staff, shedding its warm glow over what appeared to be a small storage room, covered in dust.
“Aiden?” Nellise called, having just spotted him lying motionless on the floor near a pile of large metal objects of varying sizes. His neck was at an odd angle — an impossible one, as it turned out. Nellise quickly checked his pulse and looked upon his broken body helplessly.
“He's dead,” she whispered, much to the shock of all present.

Chapter Seventeen

Aiden floated in a formless void, dark and alone. Unseen winds buffeted his body, if indeed it could be called such. A glowing tendril of light emerged from the center of his chest and continued far into the darkness, tethering him to something unseen. There was a feeling of being pushed and pulled at the same time, and if not for the anchor he would surely be tossed into the void by the tumult.
A small golden dragon clutched onto his shoulder for dear life. It seemed barely able to muster the strength necessary to resist the pull of the void, and its glinting eyes looked at Aiden plaintively. He had seen that look before and knew what it wanted. It was a price Aiden was reluctant to pay, but under the circumstances he couldn't bring himself to refuse. The tiny dragon seemed to grow in size and strength as it absorbed the life energy he offered.
Don't try to speak, Aiden. Just listen closely, for we do not have much time, the aspect of Salinder spoke in his mind with a degree of urgency. We are on the verge of death, but the phoenix stone you bear will restore our life within moments. It is only in your dreams that we can speak. Even this has become too dangerous of late, so I have been suppressing your mind while you rest to avoid detection.
Aiden opened his mouth but was unable to find the strength to speak. He was barely coherent, and the place where his chest connected to the tether throbbed with pain. Part of him wished it would allow him to fly free, though he knew if this were to happen, he would be gone forever. Salinder seemed oblivious to Aiden's internal thoughts as he continued to talk in his own way.
The destruction of the Ironlord blinded our enemies, granting us time to make ready for the assault, yet that time expired hours ago. Their attack on your mind was far stronger than I anticipated, and only when we worked together were we able to fight them off. Know that I am not transforming you to take over your existence, but to grant you the power you will need to survive this confrontation.
Aiden made a choking sound at this, for he was still unable to speak. Salinder seemed to glean his intent, however.
You wish to remain fully human, he remarked within Aiden's mind. I understand this. Unfortunately, this has not been possible for some time now. Our spirits are fused together, inexorably linked for the remainder of our days. I am astonished you have lived even this long, given the experimental nature of my work. That you still draw breath is a testament to your will and my power. 
I have watched over you for most of your existence and in a way, you are my own blood kin. I wish to aid you and exact revenge for the demise of my former existence, but I cannot do that if you keep suppressing me. I need you to let go. Allow me to take over and I will ensure victory. 
“I want to live,” Aiden managed to whisper hoarsely. “Another year, another month, or even just another day. I'll take what I can get.”
You have already been living on borrowed time, Aiden. Even if you and your companions are victorious here, my soul stitching will eventually unravel and you will return to the state in which I found you — dead. I cannot save you again, but you may be able to save me. The sa'quaarin are unlike anything you have faced. When you confront their leader, the one known as the Strator, you must— 
A lurching sensation in Aiden's chest interrupted Salinder's words and a moment later, they were reeled forward along the tether. A sensation akin to falling out of bed caused Aiden to lurch upright, and it was then he noticed he had returned to the world, with his companions standing around him in various states of concern while he inhaled in a deep breath.
“I told you he'd be fine,” Robert remarked gruffly. “Welcome back mate. Not a pleasant experience, is it? Now you know why I didn't want to go through that again. I — bloody hell, what happened to your eyes?” Aiden gave him a confused look before guessing what had happened.
He has given more strength to the dragon within, Sayana explained grimly. Aiden, your eyes have changed. 
“I bet I look like a real monster now,” Aiden lamented, trying to ignore the ongoing changes as Salinder had suggested. He really wanted to know how his last sentence was going to end. Aiden had the feeling it was very important.
“Other than this rather disturbing development, how are you feeling?” Nellise asked gently. Aiden looked down at his body and noticed the tears in his increasingly tattered robe. There were dark stains of dried blood, yet no sign of injury. The amulet he wore around his neck bore an acrid smell and a faint sliver of smoke wafted away from what used to be a precious diamond. Now it was simply a chunk of coal, its magic gone forever. 
“A little dizzy, but I'm okay,” Aiden grumbled as he stood up and dusted himself off.
“Do you remember anything?” she inquired.
“Vividly. In fact, I could have used a few more seconds before coming back. The damned thing chose the wrong moment to fix me up. Never mind, don't ask — I doubt I could explain it if I wanted to. We're at the Akashic Throne, yes?”
“We are,” Terinus rasped. Aiden's dragon-heightened vision allowed him to see far beyond the sphere of light suffusing their immediate area. They were in a dusty old storage area, apparently long abandoned. His ears told him the room was much larger and echoes from the faint noises they made had a metallic ring to them. A faint rumble was discernable through the floor, felt rather than heard. The air was stale.
Visible nearby were ragged chunks of twisted metal lying upon a floor which reminded Aiden of the walls of the Black Tower — dark, with veins of grey metal running through it. 
“This isn't what I was expecting,” Aiden summarized after glancing around. “I thought our arrival would have stirred some interest. Could it be we've managed to maintain the element of surprise?”
“We can hope,” Robert said with the air rattling in his lungs. He sounded terrible, though he gave no indication of discomfort. “So far, so good.” 
“First things first — is everyone okay? What of the portal?”
We are all intact, more or less, Sayana answered. I triggered the device just before I broke off contact with the portal itself, so I'm certain nothing else will ever come through from that world again. Pacian is unconscious, though Nellise thinks he'll make a full recovery.
“I must insist you explain why you chose to exorcise Benedictum,” Nellise asked Sayana firmly. “Not only was it an affront to a higher power, he was a valuable ally.”
To whom you now answer, Sayana finished for her. Tell us why you did not attempt the same when it became clear he wanted to hijack Pacian's body. 
“I had faith it was for a righteous cause,” Nellise responded calmly. “It was not your place to guess if Pacian truly wanted this or not.”
Ask him when he awakens and you will have your answer, Sayana said with finality. Her clothes had been shredded from the close encounter with the demons, but like him, the wounds beneath had been healed. A great deal of blue markings were exposed, which in itself seemed like clothing and Aiden noticed she stood with her arms held at an odd angle, as if attempting to conceal something. 
“Something wrong?” Aiden inquired pointedly. 
Nothing, I'm fine, she replied without hesitation. Dismissing the thought, Aiden noticed the floor she was standing on. A large, severed arm roughly the same size as Aiden lay there, oozing blood. The squared-off arch of the portal loomed behind it, but the floor itself bore many of the same markings, clearly indicating a connection to the device. 
“You have noticed the difference too,” Terinus remarked. “This portal is designed for moving large objects. The control panel is way over there, something we need to remember when it comes time to leave this place.”
“Especially if we're in a hurry,” Robert added. “Enough chatter — we're in enemy territory and we need to focus on the job at hand. Get Pacian on his feet or we leave him behind. Sy, you and Aiden look around and find out where we are since you can both see in the dark.”
Aiden nodded and slowly moved out of the lit area, his new eyes adjusting to the gloom. Gradually, they brought the place into sharp focus. He had only moved a few yards into the darkness when he noticed a hulking form looming before him. Unconsciously gasping in fear, he took a step back as he looked upon the chiseled metal body of the Ironlord. It was as if his nightmares had come to life, and in that moment his mind almost shut down with instinctive fear.
“What is it?” Robert asked tersely while Aiden fought the urge to run. He held his formidable sabre in shaking hands, transfixed at the sight. The cold, etched face of his old adversary stared blankly into the distance, inert and unmoving. Then, light appeared from the ceiling in the form of hovering globes similar to the ones Terinus used in his tower. The lights gradually spread throughout the chamber, revealing more of the ancient construct, as well as another, and another, lined along the walls.
“I found the command to light the hall,” Terinus rasped as he came in for a closer look. Aiden looked with dread at the dozen Ironlords. They were in various states of disrepair, with missing arms, legs and entire plates of metal. Dust was layered upon much of the exposed metal, and it was clear they hadn’t moved in a long time.
“I would have been happy going the rest of my life not seeing that thing again,” Robert muttered, also gripping his sword tightly. “What is this place, a graveyard for monsters?”
“A workshop,” Terinus corrected. “This is where they were brought for repair after prolonged fighting. I doubt any one of these armored suits is functional.”
Prolonged fighting? Sayana asked incredulously. It took an entire army to even harm the one we face at Highmarch. What could possibly have damaged these so badly?
“What indeed?” Terinus replied, either unwilling or unable to answer the question. Steeling his nerve, Aiden crept closer to the nearest one and took a moment to examine the thing from his nightmares. Unlike the Ironlord they had faced, this one was in far worse condition. Deep gouges and scratches lined its metal body, and parts appeared as if they had been subjected to intense heat. 
Having spent years fearing and hating the sight of the Ironlord, it was oddly fascinating to see it as a simple, inert machine, as subject to entropy as anything else in this life. 
More curious than afraid, Aiden sheathed his weapon and pulled a large piece of metal across the floor to the side of the construct, which he used to climb upon. Its rear hatch was open, allowing Aiden his first real opportunity to examine the interior. 
“You know, I'm still annoyed you took the original away from Highmarch before I could look at it,” he remarked to Terinus, his voice echoing from the cold metal interior of the construct.
“My masters would not permit anyone to examine it,” the wizard replied. “I was instructed to take it to Fairloch and introduce the king to the possibility of wearing it himself. They... enjoyed the chaos wrought by old King Alaric and wished to continue the process.”
“I keep having to ask myself why I'm associating with the likes of you,” Nellise voiced from nearby. “So many deaths can be laid at your feet.”
“Stay focused,” Robert advised before an argument could break out. “We're here to fix all of that, remember?” Nellise said nothing further and if Terinus was upset by her remarks, he didn't show it. Sayana drifted off to investigate elsewhere while the cleric continued her work with Pacian. 
Aiden barely paid them any attention. The inside of the sa'quaarin armor was remarkable. There was enough room for a person to sit and he recognized many of the sigils surrounding the control area. 
“Do you think we can fix one of these things?” he asked, catching Terinus off-guard.
“What?” Robert blurted.
“You wish to use it for yourself,” Terinus surmised after exchanging a glance with the mercenary. “I suppose your skill with their language may allow you to control it well enough. It took King Seamus months to grasp the basics, and even then he was overcome with the deleterious effects of the suit long before he could adequately control it.”
“What sort of effects?” Aiden asked hesitantly.
“If I had to guess?” Robert asked nobody in particular. “Insanity, at the very least.”
“In a manner of speaking,” Terinus added. “These suits of armor are designed to support and prolong the health of the individual within, but sa'quaarin are quite unlike any race on Feydwiir. Extended exposure to the chemicals and energies produced by the armor results in mild psychosis, delusions of grandeur and detachment from reality.”
“What about short term use?” Aiden pressed.
“You may feel immortal.”
“That hardly seems like a problem,” Aiden pointed out blandly. 
“Do not underestimate the perils of thinking yourself unassailable,” Terinus warned. “You may disregard your friends and even the objective in your delirium.”
“That's a gamble I'm willing to take. I've seen what this thing can do first-hand and we'd be mad not to at least consider the benefits.”
“I will concede the point,” Terinus responded. “Give me some time to examine the state of the equipment and I will deduce if it can be repaired.” Aiden nodded absently, focused instead upon the layout of the interior. He had waited a long time to finally see inside and he was reluctant to simply ignore the secrets within.
“Sy, are you okay to scout outside this room?” Robert asked the sorceress, coughing a little in the process.
I already am, she assured him, her glowing white eyes staring at nothing in particular. Aiden assumed her mind's eye was elsewhere, and her relative calm was a good indication there was nothing dangerous nearby.
“Hey, what's going on?” Pacian called from near the portal where Nellise was tending to him.
“You're finally awake,” Robert remarked, stating the obvious. “I was starting to think you'd be out all day. Or night — I actually have no idea what time it is.”
“What happened back there?” Nellise gently asked Pacian. 
“Oh, with Benedictum?” he responded as he slowly got back on his feet. “Yeah, that came as a surprise. I wasn't expecting him to ask me to let him walk around in my shoes, if you know what I mean. He said 'Together we will fight evil, if you'll allow me', but with more ‘thees’ and ‘thous’. It was a little ambiguous in hindsight. I don't recall much after that, except that he was telling me everything was going to be fine, but he'd be staying a little longer than he'd originally said.”
“Sayana informs me you were trying to force him out,” Nellise continued in her search for answers. Aiden had the feeling it was incredibly important to her.
“Was I?” Pacian asked vaguely. “I suppose I might have been. I wasn't too keen on him in the first place and I was not okay with letting you all go on ahead without me.”
“That settles it, then,” Nellise remarked softly. “He may not have lied, but Benedictum manipulated you into aiding his crusade. I'm starting to question the motives of the higher powers I have joined.”
“Ben definitely thought it was for the greater good — that's not something you need to question,” Pacian assured her. “If he'd mentioned that before moving in, well, that's another matter entirely. Thanks, Sy. As much as I was honored to be his vessel, Benedictum really had his own agenda. I'm not sure I fancied being stuck on that dead world for the next century or two.”
“Any lingering effects from your experience?” Nellise prompted.
“Not really,” Pacian answered. “As much as he was a bit miffed at Sayana's intervention, I could feel his genuine concern for my well-being. I feel good, actually. Really good. Have I told you lately that I love you all?”
“Okay I'm going to chalk that up as some sort of post-vessel euphoria,” Nellise said with an odd look. 
“That's great,” Robert replied between bouts of coughing. “How about you take your new-found energy outside and check the area. I want to know more about this place we're stuck in the middle of.”
“Can do,” Pacian acquiesced, heading to the door. 
“Robert, let me take a look at you,” Nellise offered with genuine concern. “Something's not right with your lungs.”
“They keep trying to leap out of my chest,” Robert grunted jokingly, stepping aside and grudgingly submitting to an examination. When he offered to remove his breastplate, Nellise shook her head and simply touched him with one outstretched hand.
“Aiden, help me install this replacement arm,” Terinus interrupted. Aiden glanced over to where he was pointing and saw a severed metal limb lying on the floor. 
“Does this mean you can get it working?” Aiden asked as he walked over to the arm and activated his gauntlet.
“There are sufficient parts here to reassemble one suit of armor,” the wizard confirmed. “I won't know if it will function adequately until it's together.”
“As much as I'd like to have that armored monster on our side,” Robert said as Nellise continued her examination, “I don't think we can wait too much longer if we want to avoid Aielund becoming a wasteland. If you can get it working within half an hour, do it. Otherwise, we need to get moving.”
“I will have the answers we seek well within that time,” Terinus answered. 
“Robert, how long has this been going on?” Nellise asked with soft disapproval.
“A week, I guess,” he grunted dismissively. “Ever since Fairloch castle was levelled. All that dust and smoke, you know? It wasn’t really a problem until we were stuck in that frozen fortress. Every breath I took felt like inhaling knives. I'll be fine.”
“It wouldn’t have affected you this severely if you weren’t already placing undue demand on your lungs,” Nellise advised. “Years of smoking those filthy cigars has left you weakened, and recent events have tipped them over the edge. Your condition requires extensive healing to remedy. We should have addressed this before we came here, to be honest. Why do men always have to bottle up their problems until they explode?”
“You may have noticed we've been pretty busy of late,” Robert pointed out.
“Hold still,” Nellise whispered, stifling conversation as she began to work on him. Sayana glanced at Robert in a moment of concern before returning to her vigil.
They focused on their various tasks, with Aiden doing the heavy lifting as required by Terinus. The wizard would point him towards adequate replacement parts as discovered in the Lexicon, and use very specific incantations to attach them to the correct location.
Even with Aiden's supernatural strength it was hard work, yet it was slowly coming together. Before long, a complete Ironlord was standing before them, scarred from whatever battles it had fought in the past but quite possibly about to redeem itself in a confrontation against its creators.
“If you would step inside,” Terinus prompted, “we will learn if our efforts have been worthwhile. Also, remove your gauntlet — you will need to make direct contact with the interior surface to effectively operate it.”
“Does that mean I can have it?” Robert asked, pointing at the gauntlet. 
“I suppose it wouldn't take much to teach you how to activate it,” Aiden said with a shrug.
“Bugger that, just switch it on and leave it,” Robert advised. 
“I don't know how long it will work before shutting down,” Aiden warned. “It's been running without fault so far but it's over a thousand years old. Still, I suppose we need every edge we can get. Here, take it. I'll tell you how to switch it on once it's on you.”
“I...” Robert started to say, before he suddenly began to cough something horrible out of his mouth.
“Just go with it,” Nellise advised, stepping back to watch closely. “Your body is rejecting the buildup of residue in your lungs.” Robert didn't even try to speak, so caught up in his coughing fit as he was.
What’s wrong? Sayana inquired urgently.
“He's very sick,” Nellise explained gently. “His lungs are partially filled with an assortment of infected fluids and material from the destruction of Fairloch Castle.”
“Stay focused,” Terinus advised Aiden as he looked on in sympathy. 
“You don't care?” he asked pointedly as he began to climb inside the armor.
“Delaying the inevitable will serve nobody, save for our enemy,” the wizard advised. “Nellise can tend to Robert — you need to be certain you can operate this armor before throwing yourself into a fight.”
Aiden silently agreed and turned his attention to the amour’s interior. After unstrapping his sword and breastplate, he squeezed inside. He seemed to fit in the cavity well enough, though it was a tight fit in places. He extended his taloned fingers until he could feel the inner surface of the control gauntlets, at which point the armor shuddered as it came to life. The helmet above Aiden's head slid into place and the hatch behind him closed with a dull thud. 
It was a disconcerting feeling to be entombed inside the armor but the sensation of being trapped lasted for only a brief moment. The darkness vanished as a view of the area immediately in front of him appeared before his eyes. Aiden could see perfectly, even better than with his draconic eyes. Then, his sight was flooded as sa'quaarin sigils superimposed over the picture of the chamber before him.
“Can you hear me?” Aiden asked, noting his voice sounded cold and metallic even to his own ears.
“That brings back some chilling memories,” Nellise remarked as everyone present turned to regard Aiden in his new form. 
“Yes, we can hear you,” Terinus answered dryly. “You are probably looking at a lot of words right now. You need to sift through the text and activate the various armor systems, one by one, making sure you divert power to the armature. Only then will you be able to move. The magic of the device will follow your eyes and discern where you are looking at.”
“What if I need to get out of here again?”
“Remove your fingers from the contacts and the hatch will open once more,” Terinus assured him. “Now, focus on the task at hand. Time is precious.”
Aiden began reading the text as best as he could manage. He never did get around to finishing off his studies of the ancient sa'quaarin language, having been immersed in the running of Fort Highmarch and conducting the war on behalf of the king. He was slowly able to understand most of the sentences, though it was maddening trying to fathom the layered meanings of the obtuse and encoded language. 
“Power, sensors, weapons, atmosphere,” he mumbled aloud, listing the various headings being thrown at him. He gradually figured it out, line by line, connecting the systems to what appeared to be the power source. The armor suddenly lurched and he felt a connection with it through his body, as if it were a part of him. A grinding noise shook the armor as it slowly began to move after centuries of standing inert. 
“You have it,” Terinus concluded, stepping back all the same in case Aiden were to suddenly run him down. Aiden pivoted his body around as if he were moving naturally on his own, and marveled at how it turned with him. 
“This feels very natural,” Aiden remarked, attempting to walk. The floor shook with each step, a clear sign its approach would be heard well in advance. “I'm not going to be very stealthy in this thing. I'll have to remain back from the rest of you to avoid —”
Pacian appeared through the doorway and put his back to the wall, holding his scythe at the ready. He seemed to be holding his breath while watching the doorway as he held one finger to his lips.
Just outside the door, the faint sounds of thudding footsteps could be heard, and Aiden silently wondered if he had triggered some sort of response from the fort's inhabitants. Sayana cursed aloud as well, having stopped watching the outer corridors to focus on Robert's plight. The mercenary's coughing fit had mostly played out, and he managed to stifle any further urges in this regard.
The footsteps outside gradually receded again, and Aiden began to breath once more. Despite the tension amongst his companions, he was beginning to feel much stronger. The prospect of alerting the sa'quaarin to their presence didn't strike fear into his heart — indeed, he would welcome it now. 
“Who was that?” Nellise whispered to Pacian.
“'What' is the correct term,” the former ascetic corrected. “A construct, much like the Iron Legionnaires we fought years ago. It seems to be on patrol, and judging from the marks on the floor, it has been walking its route for many years.”
“Is that the only one?” Robert asked with a husky voice.
“As far as I can tell, yes,” Pacian confirmed. “The entire area outside this chamber seems long abandoned.”
“For whatever reason, this part of the complex is no longer populated,” Terinus summarized. “We move, now, and spend as little time here as we can. Much like a typical fortress, there will be several floors and we seem to be at or close to the lowest point. We look for ways to go up and strive for the pinnacle. That is where we shall find the commander and the controls to the Akashic Throne's orbital lance. We destroy it all and then return here to escape.”
“If only it would actually be that simple,” Nellise remarked pointedly. “Are you able to move, Robert?”
“Yeah,” he said with a faint cough. “This is actually the best I've been able to breathe in a while. Thanks.”
“The effects are temporary, I'm sorry to say. I will have to do some more lasting healing when we have the time.”
“I'll take what I can get,” he responded, getting back to his feet. He gave Sayana a wink and a smile, neither of which seemed to reassure the hovering sorceress. “Okay, Sy and Pace will take point. Find us a way up, and alert us if you find anything moving ahead. Us noisy, armored people will hang back a good thirty yards or so. If you come across anything dangerous, don't engage. Pull back and we'll deal with it together.”
“I could use a weapon,” Nellise said. “I’m sure I can get by without one, but the less energy I use for fighting, the better my chances of keeping you all alive. I used nearly all of the bolts holding the portal back on Abraxas.”
“Take my sword,” Aiden offered, pointing at the dire sabre laying on the floor where he'd left it. “It's a little too dainty to use with this thing,” he added, clenching fists the size of his head.
“What are you going to use?” Nellise asked quietly as she gingerly picked up the offered blade. 
“This,” Terinus answered, pointing to a handle from its obscured place on the wall. When Aiden grasped it and pulled, the edge of a shimmering sword appeared, over six feet in length. He had seen this weapon before, used by his nemesis on their last encounter.
“I think I'm starting to feel that invincibility you mentioned,” Aiden drawled. The looks on the faces of his companions indicated they didn't find this amusing. 
Pacian opened the large doorway and stepped outside once again, making sure the way was clear before silently moving into the darkness. Sayana followed without a sound, levitating over the floor. Robert took a deep breath and waited for the count of twenty before signaling it was time to move. Terinus brought up the rear, monitoring Aiden as he became accustomed to the strange new experience.
The ancient war machine strode forward at his bidding, interpreting his movements as cues to operate the arms and legs, effectively mimicking and amplifying his actions. A feeling of power grew within Aiden's mind, a heady sensation of being able to take on the world. If Salinder was right, he didn't have much time left, but with this armor around him and the might of his companions brought to bear, he would make every last breath count.

Chapter Eighteen

Sayana drifted through the dark corridors, alone, yet not alone. She had moved much further ahead than ordered to scout for signs of life, confident she could sense trouble before trouble could sense her. Even at this distance, she was able to maintain contact with the comforting background noise of her companions’ thoughts. Pacian was around here somewhere too, though she felt little connection to his elusive mind. 
The others were as distinct and unique as their own personalities, something she had become used to over the last few days. In spite of the subconscious comfort this provided, Sayana's mind was preoccupied with a number of concerns.
Her hands were shaking. The cause of this tremor wasn't entirely clear to her. Perhaps the stress of their current situation was playing on her mind, and the pressure of everyone relying on her immense power to tip the balance in their favor on what could only be described as a desperate, almost suicidal raid.
Perhaps the shaking was the result of her recent use of unfathomable power to breach the blocked portal. Any of these things could be responsible, yet she couldn't shake the nagging thought that it was connected to the change taking place on her arms. 
The conduits were peeling away. 
Though she took great pains to hide the fact from the others, the first thing she had noticed upon stepping through the portal was the healthy pink skin on her arms, previously covered in the dark blue tattoos of the augment. Frayed, crumbling edges between the markings and her skin suggested this wasn't supposed to be happening, and given the experimental nature of her double treatment, may well be the direct result of channeling too much power for the strange magic to endure.
The flow of energy around and through her body, once harmonious and beautiful, was now discordant. Her arms were like islands in the stream of power, forcing her to channel the energies in new ways. Levitation, recently as simple and natural to her as breathing, came to her now only through force of will. 
Her vision was weaker, too. Sayana had become used to the layers of different fields over her regular sight, showing her things far beyond the realm of mortal vision. She hardly noticed them until they were gone. Once through the portal, she could not see beyond the confines of her own body without effort. When she scouted the route for the others, it was with eyes only slightly better than theirs and nothing else. She relied on a tiny flicker of flame in her palm to light the way.
The sorceress hesitated to bring this to their attention, for there was nothing to be done about it. They were fully committed to their course and she didn't want to add to their worries. Besides, Robert had kept his lung condition secret from her, so in a way she was returning the favor.
Just thinking of Robert made her want to throttle him. They had recently spent an intimate night reconciling their differences and making up for lost time. More than this, the two lovers had shared many secrets with the aim of producing a healthier, more honest relationship. To then learn Robert had kept the state of his health from her was exasperating in the extreme. She unleashed a few choice curse words to the empty corridors to vent her frustration.
Sayana cared for him, of course. His tough exterior was mostly a bluff to keep his friends and enemies on their toes, a survival skill he had learned from years of dangerous mercenary work. When she had first seen him at Culdeny, Sayana had been instantly drawn to his piercing blue eyes and rugged looks, but there had been more to it than that. 
Beneath his bluster, she sensed a gentle soul made bitter with lost potential and missed opportunities, wounded by the loss of friends and lovers long ago. It had been pure intuition on her part, and she suspected she saw within him what she wanted to see. Sayana had been quite naive back then, so when they had faced off at the Battle of Culdeny she figured her guess had been wrong, and the mercenary was as bad as every other criminal she'd encountered.
It wasn't until he'd showed up again at Fairloch that Sayana had realized her initial feelings were right. She felt a genuine connection with him, which quickly blossomed during their time together, in spite of the terrible scars she had left him with. He was nothing if not pragmatic.
Sometimes during the night, he would toss and turn, dreaming of terrible battles where he would try to change the outcome to save the life of a comrade, only to awaken feeling the loss anew. It was a stark contrast from the person he presented himself as.
None of that would save him from her fury however, should they survive the next few hours. She could only hope Nellise was good to her word and could address whatever plagued him. Oh, and the cigars were going too, of that there would be no debate.
Focusing her attention back to the present, Sayana noticed another door leading off from the main thoroughfare. Like the others before, it was sealed tight. Its surface was covered in grime and pitted with age, prompting her to wonder if it had been sealed on purpose, or from simple neglect. She idly wondered what lay beyond, but wasn't curious enough to waste her precious energy attempting to bypass it.
“Don't bother with them, they're locked tight,” Pacian whispered, startling Sayana as he appeared right beside her. “This entire area is abandoned as far as I can tell. Of course, we're dealing with a race of weird monsters with unknowable interests. Perhaps this is their idea of fashionable interior design.”
“Don't sneak up on me like that,” she hissed back at him, drawing an odd look in response.
“Did you just speak with your mouth?” he inquired suspiciously. Pacian had a knack for noticing small details at inconvenient times. 
That's how much you startled me, she projected with her thoughts, despite the effort required. She wasn't ready to reveal her diminished abilities just yet. 
“Sorry, I forget how good I am sometimes. By the way, I'm sorry for being such an ass over the past couple of years, including that time I stabbed you to death. And also, that time I slapped you.”
Don't be, I deserved it both times, Sayana answered honestly, surprised at his candor. Are you feeling okay? You and I have never really been friends, or even talked, really.
“I'm trying to change that,” Pacian replied softly. “I used to be so angry and I think I tried putting it onto others, y'know? I may not be the nicest person in the world, but I don't have to be such a prick all the time either. I’m turning over a new leaf.”
I'm surprised you're only just figuring this out now, Sayana observed, receiving a cynical chuckle from Pacian. 
“Hey, how could I have surprised you just now anyway?” Pacian asked suspiciously. “Don't you have eyes in the back of your head?”
This place has me on edge, she confided, still covering her mistake. I would dearly love to know what is in here. Pacian held his shrewd gaze a moment longer before turning his attention to the door.
“These locks are like nothing I've ever seen,” he whispered, taking a closer look at the mechanism. “I don't think they even have tumblers. Give me a good old-fashioned set of manacles to pick any day. Wait...” he added, pushing on the handle which moved ever so slightly. “This one's broken.”
With a gentle push, the door swung inwards, creaking ominously as it moved. A breath of stale air wafted over them, tinged with a whiff of metal and earth. The room beyond was completely dark, so Sayana sent her flickering flame ahead and allowed it to brighten. It grew in size until they could see much of what lay inside.
“Rocks?” Pacian remarked as they looked upon a small mountain of rock with glittering sparks of metal mixed amongst it.
Vythir, Sayana guessed, for the shining metal reminded her of the axe she once wielded. 
“If even a quarter of this mountain is vythir, it's probably worth more than all the lands in Feydwiir,” Pacian breathed. “This is what they've been harvesting all these years.” The sound of hollow, thumping footsteps approaching along the corridor caught their attention briefly, until they realized it was Aiden and the others catching up.
“I hope that thing works the way it's supposed to when the time comes,” Pacian grumbled. “It's loud enough to wake the dead.”
Please don't use that particular phrase ever again, Sayana advised, drawing a rueful nod from her companion. 
“What have you found?” Robert asked as they stopped at the doorway. 
“Rocks, mostly,” Pacian answered. “Also, enough vythir to buy the known world.”
“There are likely to be many storage areas like it,” Terinus rasped. “Ignore them, they are irrelevant.”
“Why is this place so empty?” Nellise asked, saying aloud the words they were all thinking. “I was expecting immediate resistance upon our arrival, and we have yet to encounter anything more than an ancient construct trudging through the motions of its patrol route.”
“It is a matter of some concern,” Terinus agreed. “When I was last here, the place was brimming with life and activity.”
“I suppose it's too much to hope they're all conveniently dead,” Robert drawled. 
“I have been receiving my orders as normal, so they are most assuredly here, somewhere. Pacian, have you discovered the stairs?”
“No, I'll keep looking,” Pacian responded, pausing with an odd look on his face for a moment. “I can't seem to teleport around anymore.”
“Security wards prevent teleportation or dimensional travel within the complex,” Terinus explained. “If we could have moved directly to the heart of the fortress, we would have done so by now.” Pacian nodded in disappointment, resigned to using his feet.
Out of the darkness behind them Aiden appeared, unrecognizable within the depths of the sa'quaarin armor. It towered above the others and instilled within Sayana dark memories of her last encounter with such a construct. When he spoke, Aiden's voice sounded deeper and strangely hollow.
“I'm not seeing anything here about how to take control of sa'quaarin relics,” he remarked to Terinus. 
“It is likely that function has been damaged,” the wizard explained, “along with the ability to regenerate the armor plating. It was in pieces, forgotten for centuries with good reason. The upside is they won’t be able to take over your armor either.”
Why were you looking at me when you thought of that? Sayana inquired of Aiden. She still had memories of being under the sway of such a relic at Highmarch, and seeing another version if it standing before her gave her chills.
“I was puzzled how Alaric managed to do it, given I see nothing here to indicate it would even work,” Aiden responded. “Relax, I wasn't going to try it on you. You're immune now anyway, right?”
“Yes, she is,” Terinus answered impatiently. “How are you feeling, Aiden?”
“Intoxicated with power, why do you ask?” he answered, then let out a rumbling laugh which didn't sound entirely sane.
“Do us a favor and never laugh inside that thing again,” Robert grumbled, exchanging a disturbed glance with Sayana. She shared his feelings, but found herself once more distracted by his condition. She focused her sight on his chest and managed to pierce the vythir surrounding his torso, viewing his ailment with her own eyes. It wasn't pretty. 
“Hey, Sy, you okay?” he asked, evidently noticing her stare. 
Yes, fine, she sighed, understanding how pointless it was to raise the topic with him in their present situation. I shall move ahead and continue searching for—
She was interrupted by a number of dull thuds, audible through the ceiling. Everyone looked up and wondered what they had just heard. The sound of several minor impacts moved across the ceiling, as if something was moving around. Something big.
“They are here,” Terinus concluded with his eyes locked on the dark ceiling. “Find us a way up, now.”
I could probably burn through the wards and teleport up there to look around while obscured from sight, Sayana offered, but Terinus shook his head.
“There is nothing on this plane of existence they cannot see — you would be spotted instantly, and we need to hit them hard and fast, unified in purpose. We move together.” Pacian reappeared next to Nellise at that moment and told them just what they wanted to hear.
“The stairs are just around the corner.”
With Pacian in the lead, they immediately filed out of the storage chamber and followed him through the corridors of the abandoned complex, until a set of broad, winding stairs appeared ahead. 
Pacian was already quietly moving up and Sayana kept close behind him, hovering with equal silence over the worn metal stairs. She snuffed out the tiny flicker of flame in her palm and relied on her vision to see the way. The air here seemed less stale, yet still carried an odd scent the likes of which Sayana had rarely encountered before. It was an acrid smell she sometimes detected after an electrical discharge, such as a bolt of lightning.
A faint source of light lay just ahead, coming through a gap in a door which was apparently not completely shut. It was as large and heavy as the doors below, fashioned from the same odd combination of stone and metal as everything else in this complex. More rumbling impacts could be heard from somewhere nearby. Pacian crept towards the gap and peered through, checking to see if it was safe before pulling the door open. 
“Clear,” he whispered as he slipped through to the other side, with Sayana right behind him. The corridor here was as unremarkable as the ones they had already traversed, but for tiny globes of hovering incandescence providing light at regular intervals. It was becoming clear that the entire facility was suffering from considerable neglect, built up over decades or centuries, or perhaps even longer if Terinus was to be believed. 
Sayana and Pacian moved silently along the corridor, stopping at various intervals to investigate doorways, when one of the doors opened and a dark figure emerged. It came face-to-face with Sayana and both of them froze in place, unsure what they were looking at. The figure was seven feet tall and clothed in a weathered black robe similar to the kind Terinus wore. 
Metal gauntlets, the same as Aiden had recently used, capped its hands. Four glowing blue eyes glared from under the rim of its hood, one pair set above the other and much like Sayana's, there were no visible pupils. Beyond its eyes, there were no discernable details at all, as if all light was being absorbed by its skin. 
Their mutual pause of surprise, along with a moment of scrutiny happened within a span of two heartbeats. They both raised their hands at the same time, having recognized the other as a threat. Sayana's sight noticed the summoning of energies from her counterpart and instinctively sent a barrage of her own energies into the mix. Her opponent's invocation became a disjointed cacophony without direction, dissipating into the surrounding air without effect.
Before she could recover, the sa'quaarin raised a hand and grabbed her by the throat, slamming her bodily against the wall and attempting to squeeze the life from her. Its strength was immense, augmented by the gauntlet upon its right hand. Sayana struggled against it, using as much power as she could summon to telekinetically push it away. Unable to breathe, she flailed ineffectually against the creature’s grip until Pacian's scythe sliced through its body.
The alien monster slumped to the floor in silence and a growing pool of blood. Pacian stepped back and withdrew his blade, staring down in disdain at their fallen adversary.
“That's the ugliest thing I've ever seen,” he remarked softly as Sayana gasped for breath. Looking closely at their fallen enemy, she saw the skin was in fact a fine, prickly fur which reminded her of a spider's. This, combined with the noseless face, was unsettling to say the least. 
“Sorry I took so long,” Pacian continued. “I was certain you were going to take it down with a flick of your wrist. I... why can I see skin on your arms?”
“Don't tell the others,” Sayana hissed, using her voice to conserve energy. “The conduits are unravelling. I don't think I have—”
Her words were interrupted by a shrill sound echoing through her mind. She reeled in pain, clutching her head as she attempted to block out the noise. Pacian watched on with concern, oblivious to the cause of her distress. The sound of Aiden's thudding footsteps rushing up the stairs nearby drew their attention as the others joined them.
“There is an alarm sounding off,” Aiden explained, though the others were clearly in the dark as much as Pacian.
“I hear it,” Sayana responded with a strained voice. “I think the one we just killed may have warned others.”
“The noise you are experiencing is mental in origin,” Terinus advised. “Aiden's armor is also attuned to receive such alerts. They know we are here.”
“Damn, there goes the element of surprise,” Robert growled, drawing his weapon and shield, then slamming the visor of his vythiric helm into place. “Enough sneaking about. Where do we go?”
“The area is familiar to me,” Terinus answered. “This way.” Moving with purpose, they headed down the corridor towards the origin of the impact noises they had been hearing for some time now. Another sound joined the background rumble as they ran, a dull humming noise that slowly increased with pitch and intensity, permeating the surrounding walls.
“What is that?” Nellise asked. 
“They are preparing to activate the orbital lance,” Terinus rasped grimly. “The opportunity for us to intervene is measured in minutes. We cannot hope to make the control center in time — we must head directly to the firing chamber and destroy it there.”
“Where?” Robert barked. Terinus gestured to the left with his staff and they sped off along the hallway towards a set of large doors ahead. All pretense at remaining unnoticed had vanished, replaced with a lingering urgency that all their efforts were about to be rendered futile. When they reached the oversized doors, Nellise nudged Pacian to get them open.
“I haven't had time to figure out these mechanisms,” he said. Aiden took this as a cue to act. He stepped forward and placed his armored hands along the vertical line between the doors. The ancient armor let out a grind of protest as he heaved against the massive doors. At first, nothing happened, but then ever so slowly they started to separate. Aiden quickly shoved his heavy metal hands into the breach and pulled them apart with greater leverage, slowly revealing what lay beyond.
A towering dreadnaught construct, very similar to the one Veronique had sent against them in Lanfall, stomped across the doorway obscuring their view, oblivious to their presence as it followed the orders of its masters. 
In its wake, they were treated to an unobstructed view of the rest of the chamber, which was twice the size of the cavernous storage area they'd found earlier. The ceiling was much higher, and in stark contrast to the rest of the complex, the floor within was a hive of activity. Sayana's budding confidence vanished as she looked upon over a dozen dreadnaughts standing along the edges of the room, with twice that number of robed sa'quaarin scurrying about activating them.
One by one, the inert constructs began to come alive, stomping their feet and moving their arms in a very specific manner, as if testing their body to make sure it was working properly. So busy was the foundry floor, that no one had noticed the opened doors and the group of interlopers in their midst. Aiden had the presence of mind to shove them to one side of the corridor and hide behind the partially open doors, giving them a moment to appraise the situation.
“I counted thirteen,” Nellise noted with a flat voice, “and another twenty-five sa'quaarin, all of whom stand between us and the door on the other side. How are we to face such numbers?”
“We can't get through all of them in time,” Robert responded in dismay, stifling a cough with one hand. “Can we find a way around?”
“There are no other ways around,” Terinus rasped firmly. “The workshop is in the middle of the entire fortress, and it contains the only route between the lower and upper levels.”
“Then we attack with everything we have and catch them off guard,” Aiden rumbled from within his suit. “Our objective is to get Terinus to the firing chamber so he can disable the weapon. Nel, you and Pace escort him while Robert, Sayana and I distract this lot. Once you’re through, keep going and we will catch up to you. Pace, try to leave a trail of bodies for us to follow.”
“I won't have to try, Aiden,” Pacian reminded him with subtle humor.
“Someone switch this damned gauntlet on for me,” Robert grunted. Terinus obliged, quickly touching the glyphs which activated the powerful relic. “Aiden and I will focus on the dreadnaughts. Sy, see what you can do to keep the robed blokes busy.”
“They are likely simple technicians,” Terinus advised as Sayana's heart began to race. “There will be supervisors, however — they are the ones you need to neutralize. I will do what I can to assist on the way through.”
“Can someone turn off that bloody alarm?” Aiden added as he drew the hilt of his new weapon. “It's really starting to annoy me.”
“I will do what I can,” Sayana replied, attempting to trace the sound within her mind to its source. Their conversation continued while her mind drifted away from the present moment. Although sight had no meaning here, she did interpret what she experienced as a kind of visual stimuli.
It wasn’t difficult to locate the origin of the alarm — it was a psychic projection from a sa'quaarin located within the room ahead. From what she could discern, it was an adjutant to the overseer for the dreadnaught foundry. The signal went out from its mind and touched upon all of its kind, including it seemed, Sayana and Aiden. 
The background noise of sa'quaarin minds flowed through this place, a faint murmuring of whispered voices she couldn't understand. There was a degree of serenity present, a sense of belonging and welcome, as if the entire population of these strange people were interconnected through their minds. 
Sayana felt like an outsider looking through the window of a cottage on a cold winter's night, viewing a family enjoying the comforts of home. Excluded. Shunned. Never to know the feeling of being part of the group. It was a disconcerting sensation but one she was not unfamiliar with. 
Sayana followed the trail of energy until it reached one of the many sa'quaarin minds present. She visualized a sphere of iron and placed it around the creature, silencing the noise instantly. In the same instance Sayana felt the minds of a dozen others turn toward her. 
The comforting interplay of energy from the other minds abruptly changed to anger and a sensation of immense pressure, like a wave of malevolence, surged towards her with such intensity it overwhelmed her senses. Although somewhat disconnected from her body, Sayana heard her own scream as if from a great distance.
Sayana quickly visualized a wall of energy in front of her to shield against the oncoming assault. The combined mental energy of two dozen sa'quaarin struck it dead-on, vaporizing the outer edges as the stream of destructive force flowed around. Sayana summoned all of her strength and channeled it into the wall, fashioning buttresses and reinforcements to maintain its structure against the onslaught.
The flowing energy coalesced into dozens of bat-like creatures, with claws dripping with acid. As one, they dove towards her and clawed at the mental manifestation of her mind. She brought up a shield to surround her, attempting to ward off the shrieking nightmares with limited success.
Through the searing mental pain, she knew she could never win against so many simply by remaining on the defensive. It was taking everything she had simply to avoid being vaporized on the spot, yet every moment she fought diverted their attention away from the others, giving them a chance at victory. 
Despite the slow decay of her power over the last few hours, she was still the most powerful sorceress to have ever lived. Although outnumbered, she single-handedly held her own against the might of the sa'quaarin, and that alone told her she had a chance to win this fight. 
Dismissing the protective wall, she transformed the energy into a storm of electricity around her. The nightmarish bats shrieked, disintegrating almost instantly. Nearby sa'quaarin clutched at their heads and vanished from the scene, undoubtedly the weaker ones unable to sustain the fight.
The remaining bats vanished and the area around Sayana cleared briefly, until she felt a building pressure in her mind. She cried out as her opponents dispensed with finesse and simply attempted to crush her will. The sorceress struggled to hold them off, feeling the pressure increase with each passing moment until she thought she would implode. 
With tremendous effort, Sayana managed to push back against the onslaught. With her strength flagging, Sayana noticed first one, then another sa'quaarin vanish from the mental battlefield with a shriek. 
A faint light appeared on the battlefield ahead, a figure who could only be Nellise. In this strange place, she appeared as little more than a cloud of pure white light vaguely resembling her physical form. While this was remarkable in and of itself, the sword she held in her hand seemed to be the most real thing there. 
A cloud of angry spirits swirled around the blade, assailing the minds of the sa'quaarin as it cut into their physical bodies. Sayana wasn't alone at all — operating on a separate plane of existence perhaps, but still very much connected to her friends. 
Reaching out with her will, she gave one of her enemies a taste of its own medicine. Sacrificing some of her defense, she clenched her mind and slowly crushed one of the sa'quaarin to death. More of the others continued to drop out of sight, making her job that much easier. From amongst their remaining number, a more prominent mind came to the fore. It had been hiding amongst the group, directing their energies but remaining out of sight until now. Sayana felt its attention directed solely at her, and braced herself against the impending assault.
Darkness suddenly blanketed the mental realm, blocking Sayana's inner sight well enough to give the impression of standing in a cave. Sharp whispers permeated the black around her, their words lying just beyond comprehension. The temperature dropped below freezing and she shivered involuntarily, clutching her clothes for a modicum of warmth. 
A faint flicker of moonlight appeared just ahead, and although Sayana knew this was some sort of illusion, she crept forward to investigate anyway. It all seemed quite familiar, but it wasn't until she emerged from the cave she recalled where she had seen this before. 
It was the cave she had lived in for years after being abandoned in the wilderness by her people. The scene was absolutely perfect in every detail, right down to the mist emerging from her mouth with every exhalation. A chill wind blew across the landscape, stirring up snow on the ground which obscured a nearby forest. 
She had come home, and it was not a pleasant experience. Logically, she knew this to be fake, but everything felt so real. The cold snap in the air, the frozen ground underfoot and the all too real sense of isolation permeated her thoughts. How she had survived out here for so long was beyond her now, and the buried feelings of hopelessness she had endured were thrust upon her with full force.
Sayana fell to her knees in despair, clutching her head as she tried to ward off the terrible emotions welling up within her. A small spark within her tried to hold on to the idea this was simply an illusion, and as such, couldn't really hurt her. But it was more than that. The feelings were real, and having finally left this place in the past, she had forgotten how to cope with them.
And then the wolves came.
The howl of the distant beasts sent a shiver up her spine, and Sayana knew at that point she was being hunted. Her instincts taking over, she scrambled to her feet and began to run through the frozen landscape. No matter how hard she tried to disbelieve what she was experiencing, nothing could shake the reality of her situation. It then occurred to her that maybe this was real, and the sa'quaarin had actually transported her through time and space to the moment of her greatest vulnerability. 
This scared her more than the wolves pursuing her through the night, and left her with the thin hope that out there, somewhere, Robert and the others were still in the fight.

Chapter Nineteen

“Can someone turn off that bloody alarm?” Aiden said as he drew the hilt of his new weapon. “It's really starting to annoy me.”
“I will do what I can,” Sayana replied, falling silent as she did her thing.
“They're all made of Auldsteel,” Aiden breathed in awe as he looked upon the army of constructs, unable to fathom the engineering required to create so many from the metal once-thought-of as rare. His vision from within the armor was near-perfect, marred only by warnings from the bewildering array of images and words vying for his attention, hovering in front of him no matter where he looked. He readily understood the symbol for Auldsteel being displayed next to each construct in his field of view and realized the one they had faced in Lanfall's dungeons was only one of many.
To avoid becoming overwhelmed with information, Aiden was ignoring anything colored blue, which seemed the color to denote unimportant information about either his suit or the environment. A red sigil hovering in the corner of his eye represented the alarm, which halted abruptly after Sayana attempted to do something about it, only to be replaced with her scream. 
“Sy, what is it?” Robert shouted, trying to gain her attention. Her cry subsided, yet she remained frozen in place, her mouth agape at horrors only she could see. The stomping footsteps of approaching dreadnaughts forced a reassessment of their priorities, however. 
“Stick to the plan,” Aiden growled as he activated the huge energy sword and charged towards the nearest foe, attempting to buy time for his companions. With his head filled with the strange effects of the armor, he felt invincible even as he closed on the towering constructs. Still getting a feel for how his armor moved, Aiden mistimed his planned sidestep as the foremost dreadnaught sent its oversized fist towards him, catching him on the shoulder with a deafening clang that echoed throughout the foundry.
Pivoting with the blow, Aiden swept around in a circle with the edge of his glowing blade cutting through the air until it encountered the Auldsteel skin of his opponent. It left a sizzling line of angry red across the leg of the dreadnaught, but failed to sever it as Aiden had hoped. 
Heaving his weapon in powerful sweeps, Aiden slashed at the construct again and again, his speed and agility evidently greater than the dreadnaught, and an advantage he sought to exploit. If it was a one-on-one contest, Aiden knew he could beat it, unfortunately the other constructs moved in to assist. Thankfully, he wasn't alone either.
Robert slammed Aeon Invictus into the same leg Aiden had hit, cutting through the damaged structure enough to weaken it. Aiden followed through with a heavy punch from his empty hand, distorting the overheated metal and forcing the construct down on one knee. He drove his blazing sword into the chest of the dreadnaught with all the strength his armor possessed, melting the breastplate and burning through to the heart of the golem.
It stopped moving almost instantly and toppled to one side, quickly replaced by two more from behind. Beyond them the sa'quaarin stood, immobile and strangely quiet given the titanic fight which had erupted in their midst. Unable to spare any thought for something which wasn't an imminent threat, Aiden fought on against his towering enemies while Nellise and Pacian escorted Terinus through their ranks.
Despite their initial success, Robert and Aiden were sorely pressed. Initially hoping to distract the enemy, they had succeeded beyond his expectations. Ten of the dreadnaughts bore down on them, cutting off any chance of escape and pummeling them with fists the size of prize-winning pumpkins. His armor, while old and obsolete in the face of these new monsters, held up as well as could be expected.
Robert was agile enough to avoid the worst, yet his shield and vythiric armor were already heavily dented. But with the powerful gauntlet augmenting his strength, the mercenary was able to shoulder the blows and give back as much as he took. Finesse was useless against such an unimaginative enemy, forcing Aiden and his comrade to rely solely on brute force and instinct. 
“We could use a little help here, Sy!” Robert bellowed as he delivered a strike with Aeon Invictus, which left a sizeable dent in his opponent. Aiden risked a glance back at the sorceress and saw she had hardly moved since the fight began. Her eyes blazed as she stared into nothingness, leaving Aiden in the dark as to what her problem was. 
He was suddenly brought back to his predicament when a dreadnaught fist slammed into him, sending Aiden careening across the floor to land on his back. A pair of flashing red sigils blinked in his sight, ironically informing him of damage to the amour’s outer plating — as if he could have missed it. 
As he was clambering back to his feet, Aiden was struck with a bolt of lightning from one of the sa'quaarin, causing his armor to momentarily stutter in its movements but doing little else. Then, Pacian was suddenly at the sa'quaarin's side, moving with incredible speed — his scythe a slashing blur. He began to work his way through the ranks of the robed technicians, whirling and cutting with abandon while his enemies seemed barely aware of his approach. 
One of them snapped out of his trance and turned on Pacian just as he was about to cut the creature down. A blast of crackling energy shot forth from the sa'quaarin's armored hand, narrowly missing Pacian only to strike the wall and explode in a ball of blue fire. Nellise wrapped her arms and body around Terinus to shield him from the blast with her body and both of them disappeared into the cloud of fire.
Filled with righteous fury at this sight, Pacian lashed out at the sa’quaarin. His weapon cut into its armored chest but he was struck in the side by a fist, which sent the ascetic into a flip as he sought to recover from the blow. With the incredible skill learned from his time with the Keepers of the Light, he converted the power of the attack into momentum, somersaulting fully and planting his feet against the wall, then lunged forward and speared the sa'quaarin directly through the chest.
Nellise and the wizard emerged from the inferno moments later, a little scorched but still very much alive. She wasted no time with the chaos in the room and focused on moving towards the distant exit.
“Quit gawking and get back in the fight!” Robert roared at Aiden as the mercenary backed away from the constructs bearing down on him. Unable to spare the others another thought, Aiden went to Robert's aid, stomping forward and driving his sword at the construct to draw its attention. 
Aiden wasn't cowed by their numbers. He raised his left arm and pointed the palm towards the nearest, then gave the command to activate the weapon within. The sound of a thousand kettles boiling at once, both familiar and alien at the same time erupted in the foundry, as a blast of brilliant light short forth and vaporized the chest of the lead dreadnaught. It fell to the floor in a pile of glowing hot molten metal.
Robert thrust Aeon Invictus through the chest of another foe before taking a heavy blow to his side, which tossed him aside like a child's broken toy. The mercenary was thrown back several yards with sparks cascading from his armor before he slid to a halt. Seizing the opportunity, Aiden brought the searing edge of his blade down on the dreadnaught's arm, severing it at the elbow and dropping the forearm to the floor with a mighty clang.
With Robert yet to re-engage, he stood alone against the towering constructs.  He risked another glance at Sayana and was astonished at what he saw.
“Is she smoking?” Aiden remarked incredulously as he struggled to keep the fist of a dreadnaught at bay. It did appear a thin veil of smoke was wafting from her body as if she was slowly burning.
“I thought that was my job,” Robert grunted, slowly getting back to his feet while struggling for breath. Initially angry that she was unable or unwilling to help them, a thought occurred which gave him pause. He glanced at the crowd of sa'quaarin and realized what had them so distracted.
“She's not paralyzed with fear,” Aiden remarked. “She's fighting them on their own terms.” A dreadnaught drove its fist towards him, forcing Aiden to leap aside to avoid the blow. His armor was making ominous grinding noises and he couldn't rely on it to withstand direct punishment any longer. 
Pacian continued to move among the ranks of sa'quaarin, cutting down the weaker, distracted ones which didn't seem to have much impact on the battle. Aiden scanned their number until he noticed one wearing a slightly different robe, with shimmering blue lines stitched into the fabric around the rim of its hood. A trace of metal was visible beneath its black garment, indicating an Auldsteel breastplate the others lacked. 
“Pace, kill that one,” Aiden shouted, pointing at what he presumed was the officer of this group. Pacian whirled around and spotted the target, then sprinted with unnatural speed towards it. He raised his scythe high as he charged in, intending to cut the creature down in one stroke, but just before he reached it the officer turned its head and stared at him. Pacian arched backwards and cried out in sudden shock, clutching at his head as he stumbled past the sa'quaarin. He fell to his knees as if burdened with an incredible weight.
Pacian wasn't the only one to hear Aiden's command, however. Nellise and Terinus, unable to breach the line of dreadnaughts, moved to assist. The cleric raised her deadly sabre as she closed in, wary of her opponent's power. The weapon shimmered with a strange energy and before she had even swung it, the sa'quaarin officer was assailed by unseen forces. It waved its arms about is if trying to fend off invisible attacks.
Sensing its vulnerability, Nellise flared with brilliant light and leaped into the air upon luminous wings. The light spread along the edge of her sword which she brought down upon her foe with all the strength she could muster. Sparks flew as it scraped along the officer's hidden breastplate, its Auldsteel construction holding under the assault, which left a sizzling scar in the wake of the acidic blade.
As they clashed, Aiden was forced to focus once more on his own situation. He avoided another incoming blow from a dreadnaught and swung his crackling blade with abandon. Robert had rejoined the fight but both of them were being pushed back by sheer weight of numbers. Aiden's plan to distract the enemy was working well enough, but left them in a precarious position. It would all have been worthwhile if Terinus had made it through, yet the wizard was still on the wrong side of the enemy line and they were running out of time. The element of surprise was long gone.
Terinus could see the direction of the fight and pointed his staff at the wreck of a nearby dreadnaught, heavily damaged and no longer moving. Within moments, it shuddered back to life at his command. Although its left arm was severed and a gaping hole existed where its chest had once been, it returned to the fight. Striding towards Aiden's position, it began engaging the other dreadnaughts, denting Auldsteel armor, tearing off limbs where it could and forcing two of them to deal with it. It was enough to relieve the pressure from their flank, though it had another unforeseen effect.
Constructs such as these could not be truly called alive, for they lacked the ability to reason. They followed the orders of their creators without question, so it came as a surprise to Aiden when all but two broke off their fight and turned to move in on Terinus.  
Combining their strength, Aiden and Robert struck one of the dreadnaughts from two directions at once, leaving it unable to effectively defend itself as they tore through its armored hide. The mercenary was struck by the closed fist of the other construct and although he managed to raise his indestructible shield in time, the impact sent him tumbling. 
The upside to this was that the immediate area was clear, allowing Aiden to raise his palm and unleash a ray of destruction. Brilliant yellow light lit up the chamber as the dreadnaught partially melted under the intense beam, leaving only a few active dreadnaughts on the field.
Nellise and the sa'quaarin officer continued to fight. Pacian had recovered his wits and was using all of his cunning to attack the creature. Its armor was proving to be difficult to counter and the air shimmered with the power of its magic. They kept it busy enough that it failed to notice the arrival of Terinus' pet dreadnaught. Its descending fist crushed the sa'quaarin into the floor with one mighty blow.
Upon its death, Sayana let out a weak cry and slumped to the floor, smoke still rising from her body. The few remaining sa'quaarin clutched at their heads and fell to their knees before appearing to pass out. Aiden breathed a sigh of relief as the situation began to improve. 
“Get to the firing chamber,” Terinus instructed Aiden as he, Nellise and Pacian began to back towards the wall, cornered by five towering constructs. “Follow the noise and destroy the source. Do not concern yourself with us — you must stop the weapon from firing.” Robert was in no position to help and Sayana was barely coherent. If Aiden didn't intervene, two friends and a valuable ally would be crushed, with no guarantee he'd be able to stop the orbital lance from obliterating his home. There was only one course of action that made sense.
“You're the best one for the job, so you can stop it yourself,” Aiden shouted as he steeled his nerves. His armor was not built for speed or mobility, but he used what it had and charged across the open space towards the nearest dreadnaught. It sensed his approach and turned at the last moment, just as Aiden collided with it in a deafening crash.
They rolled across the floor, slamming into another dreadnaught as their fists thundered into each other. His sword was torn from his grasp and bits of metal were ripped away as they pounded each other. As Aiden was flipped onto his back, the dreadnaught continued to punch him so hard Aiden could feel it through the armor. 
With his suit becoming increasingly difficult to use, he struggled against the hold of the construct and slowly raised his palm. With a grinding sound of protest from his suit, he inched towards the head of his enemy until he was able to place his palm flat against the surface. He then fired the energy weapon at point-blank range, blinding him for an instant as the dreadnaught's mirror-like face was incinerated.
Casting aside the now inert body, Aiden was about to rise when two other constructs grabbed him and tossed him into the wall which gave way as he crashed to the floor on the other side, attempting to shield his head as beams of metal crashed above him. Crawling through the debris, he noticed Terinus, Nellise and Pacian had broken through the lines and were disappearing through the far door, which at least gave Aiden a small measure of satisfaction as he faced his impending doom. 
Whatever mechanisms allowed his armor to function were quickly breaking down. The inside was becoming hotter and fully half of Aiden's sight was covered in red sigils warning him of a multitude of problems. The dreadnaught before him blocked any chance of escape slamming its fists into him again and again, and without his sword there was little he could do to defend himself. 
A darkness fell over the chamber and Aiden sensed the coming of the end. An image of Criosa flashed through his mind as he contemplated his death, her sweet smile and golden hair shining in his memory. He had done everything he could to protect her and her people, but would never know if it was enough. Just when he had consigned himself to oblivion, the darkness was replaced by a flash of crackling green energy as half of the dreadnaught was melted away. The other half was cut asunder a moment later by Aeon Invictus. 
The remaining dreadnaughts turned to face Robert and Sayana, buying Aiden a chance to live. He looked at the sorceress in astonishment, for half of her skin was completely clear of the thick markings which had once taken over her entire appearance. Her face still bore a smattering of tattoos, and her eyes still blazed with light. Shredded dark lacework covered her skin at the edges of the frayed markings, as if they had been unraveled like a ball of yarn. 
“You're done here, Aiden,” Robert rasped as they engaged their gigantic opponents. “Go ahead and help the others — we've got this.” Aiden could tell he wasn't in the mood to argue and took advantage of the distraction to push ahead. 
The armor was in terrible shape. It was no longer able to run, let alone walk without limping. A whining shriek came from the left leg whenever he moved it, and the right arm could no longer move at all. Still, it was more powerful than Aiden on his own, so he nursed it through the foundry as the sounds of battle continued on behind him. 
Of greater concern was the ominous humming noise permeating the building. Not far from away, the orbital lance was still building up energy as it prepared to release its devastating power. Although Aiden had faith his companions could escort Terinus safely to the site, he was troubled by the fact they had not yet disarmed the weapon.
He turned a corner and saw the bodies of three sa'quaarin on the floor, burned and eviscerated. Three more emerged from the walls, as if they had been teleported halfway through and left to perish. 
A loud crash from ahead alerted him to the presence of his comrades, and when he turned a corner, he saw the three of them finishing off a lesser construct, similar to the Iron Legionnaire down below. A sa'quaarin officer stood between them and a large, reinforced door of obvious importance. Nellise screamed and stumbled backward as the four blue eyes of their foe stared at her, unleashing whatever terrible magic these creatures wielded.
In one of its hands, it dangled Terinus by his throat three feet off the ground while Pacian recovered from its attack on him. Sensing an opportunity to assist, Aiden barreled forward as fast as he could. It saw him coming and sent a concussive blast of mental energy his way, which had next to no effect thanks to the circlet upon his brow. Pushing Terinus aside, Aiden slammed his clenched fist into his enemy's head and crushed it against the wall.
“I had it under control,” Pacian assured him as he helped Nellise back on her feet. Aiden nodded distractedly, then appraised the door before him to find out how it opened. “I was hoping Terry had a trick up his sleeve for opening these things,” Pacian added. “They don't have regular locks to pick.”
“I've got just the thing,” Aiden responded, raising his palm. Pacian quickly pulled Terinus and Nellise away as the boiling energies surged onto the door. When the light died away Aiden looked with satisfaction upon the open doorway lined with glowing hot metal. The constant rumbling background noise of the orbital lance had grown with intensity, indicating this chamber housed the power source for the weapon. 
Dispensing with subtlety, Aiden headed into the room to be faced with four sa'quaarin, poorly equipped and focused mostly on the task before them. 
Without pausing, Aiden and the others engaged the nightmarish creatures, making short work of what appeared to be lesser assistants. They made short work of them, leaving a pile of broken bodies lying in their wake.
Beyond them were a number of arcane consoles, all of them glittering with glowing words and strange concepts. Behind them was another door, this one even more heavily reinforced than the last. Several runes of warding were visible upon it, warning off any who would attempt access.
With the hum of the orbital lance rising to a fever pitch, Terinus didn't waste any time approaching the control mechanism, while Aiden sifted through the warnings flashing at him from within the armor.
“I need to get out of this thing,” he surmised. “It's on the verge of falling to pieces if I'm translating this correctly. Can you shut that weapon down already?”
“That is precisely what I am trying to do,” Terinus responded impatiently. His console was flashing red sigils at him as well, giving Aiden the impression it wasn't going to be easy to accomplish. The room lurched suddenly, giving the distinct impression of movement.
“What was that?” Nellise asked, watching over the wizard's shoulder with a measure of concern.
“The fortress is aligning to the target area,” he replied while his graceful fingers raced over the surface of the console. “There is too much energy in the firing chamber for me to simply disable it. There are mechanisms in place to prevent this.”
“Do not tell me we can't stop it,” Aiden growled. “We haven't come this far to fail now.”
“The energy will be unleashed through a series of crystals which focus upon the target,” Terinus explained. “If those crystals are destroyed, the energy will remain unfocused and simply dissipate before reaching the ground.”
“Then what are you waiting for, let's destroy them,” Pacian suggested.
“They are through that door,” Terinus explained over the rising noise. “The power contained in there is too much for anyone to survive for more than a few seconds. Aiden, your armor may allow you to endure long enough to destroy them and return. You are the only one—”
“Just open the door,” Aiden interrupted, sensing the lance was ready to fire at any moment. Terinus nodded and traced a number of glyphs on the console's surface with one hand. The ominous door before them opened with a heavy grinding sound, revealing a corridor lit by the fires of the weapon beyond. The others shielded their eyes and stepped back as Aiden slowly limped through the doorway, dragging one of his mechanical legs behind him.
The light was coming through the wall, which appeared to be some sort of glass surface, yet it did not melt. The door slid back into place behind him, and another opened just ahead revealing a large chamber with three enormous crystals set in place upon huge metal braces. 
Limping into the center of the chamber, Aiden saw a large, circular hole covered in the same heat-resistant glass as the corridor, inside of which appeared to be the fires of hell itself. His suit was unable to fully compensate for the intensity of the light, forcing Aiden to shield his eyes with one hand as he moved further into the chamber. 
The crystals were easily twice his height and he couldn't even guess at their weight, but fortunately none of that was relevant. He pulled back his sole working arm and slammed his fist into the nearest crystal until the entire thing shattered.
Limping across the room to the next one, he gritted his teeth against the howling noise and blinding light and repeated the procedure, hammering away at the crystal until it too shattered into a million pieces. His vision was filled with flashing red sigils now, with no sign of anything blue in sight. Time was running short and he knew he wouldn't make it to the third one in his current condition. Despite the warnings screaming at him, Aiden raised his palm and hoped his energy weapon would still function. 
Although he couldn't hear the noise of it over the general roar of the chamber, he felt more than saw the brilliant energy explode from his arm and strike the crystal in his sights. It exploded instantly, just as the hole in the center of the chamber opened and unleashed the fires below.
The torrent of flames had nothing to focus them as they soared through a gap in the ceiling, the force of which threatened to suck Aiden from his feet and send him along for the ride. He grasped an extrusion of metal on the side of the chamber and held on for his life, unable to hear his own scream over the roar of the orbital lance. Even through this, he slowly pulled himself towards the corridor, seeking to escape the conflagration.
Then, an explosion ripped through the chamber, throwing Aiden towards the door head-first. He crashed through it and into the corridor beyond, where he was tossed onto the floor. The fires surged around him and then, remarkably, seemed to flow backwards. He began to skid along the floor back to the firing chamber again, his one working hand leaving deep gouges in the metal as he sought to stop his momentum.
The fires around him were sucked away and the cacophony of light and noise finally died down, leaving an ominous silence in its wake. Aiden lay there, gasping for breath before a keening screech went off in his ear. The flashing sigils before him vanished and were replaced by a single large one, the meaning of which was not lost on him.
“Eject”.
Believing it was sound advice, Aiden withdrew his fingers from the control surfaces and the hatch behind him opened with a hiss. Overwhelmed and shaking, he slowly emerged from the back of the armor which was scarred and burnt beyond belief, and emitted a plume of noxious smoke. He stumbled to the floor as the soft hum of the armor died away completely. 
Feeling more ordinary by the moment, Aiden stumbled towards the door. The walls and floor around him were still emitting a great deal of heat, but it was bearable. As he approached it, the door opened and allowed him back into the control room, where he saw Nellise, Pacian and Terinus unconscious upon the floor amid a group of sa'quaarin officers standing over them. One of them wore no robe, but was instead clad in a suit of bizarre armor which matched the gauntlets on its hands. 
The circlet on Aiden's head suddenly rose into the air at a mere gesture from this creature, and his mind was instantly assaulted with a burst of power which left him reeling. He fell to his knees and glared up at his enemy, flashing a smug smile of satisfaction at the completion of their mission, before another blast rendered Aiden unconscious.

Chapter Twenty

The minds of the sa'quaarin holding Sayana captive crawled through her thoughts like a dozen spiders skittering around inside her brain. Despite her best efforts, she couldn't keep them all out. The continued unravelling of the markings on her body drastically reduced her power, and she simply couldn't face off against so many of these creatures at once. She was reduced to swatting ineffectually at the mental avatars crawling inside her mind.
There were clearly different strata of these creatures. The officers were few in number, while the more numerous workers carried out the mundane tasks. When they had arrived in the foundry before the fight, it took only moments for the officers to disable her and Robert. Had they been in the foundry beforehand, the battle would have gone very differently.
The sorceress and her companions were being held in a dark chamber formerly used as living quarters. It had clearly not been used for a long time, judging by the layers of dust upon all surfaces, and a stale odor in the air. Expecting to die immediately, Sayana was dismayed to learn the sa'quaarin wanted to interrogate their captives first. 
Feelings of isolation and of being left behind permeated her thoughts, more intense than during the battle itself. They knew her weak spots and exploited them without restraint. Ironically, it was the presence of their minds within hers that gave her reassurance, knowing the dark experience was being inflicted upon her by flesh-and-blood creatures who could be fought. It gave her hope.
Although relieved to see her friends had survived the destruction of the orbital lance, Sayana now feared for their safety. All of them had been stripped of their armor and equipment and were held against the wall with chains of vythir. Aiden sagged at the limit of his restraints, barely coherent, while Robert's wounds appeared more extensive than he had let on. Great bruises covered his chest from the impact of the dreadnaughts, for even the finest armor buckled under their power.
All their hands were restrained by manacles fashioned from a metal which also had the effect of absorbing any magical energies she tried to summon. The inquisition of the Church of Aielund had used devices just like this when they had captured her at Highmarch years ago. Evidently, the inquisition had acquired a few sets, but whether they found them or were given the manacles was another question.
They were all undergoing similar mental probes which were painful to say the least. Sayana tried to keep small secrets from being revealed, in spite of the additional pain this caused, yet failed time and again. They learned much about her exploits, including all of her private, intimate moments with Robert. It was horrible, but she gained one small victory — while they had full access to her mind, she also had access to theirs, allowing her to learn precious insights into the way the sa'quaarin thought. 
Having touched the minds of her companions and more than a few enemies of late, the sorceress found this experience disturbing to say the least. These creatures were like nothing she'd previously encountered, and she found their inner thoughts morbidly fascinating. None of them spoke a word during the course of their interrogation, but rather communicated telepathically amongst themselves. The interconnected nature of their minds which she had glimpsed earlier was far more encompassing than she realized. 
The sa'quaarin had no spoken language at all. Naturally telepathic, their entire lives were conducted both in the material world, and the astonishing realm created within their thoughts. It went some way to explaining the spartan nature of their living arrangements, for they had little need of creature comforts when their imaginations were almost unlimited. 
Of greater importance, however, was the revelation of their motives. The acquisition of vythir was of paramount concern, clearly indicating they were primarily a mining operation. They used little of it themselves, offloading it to some sort of vessel which stopped by periodically, a ritual thousands of years old and the center of their existence, to which all their efforts were bent. These visits were becoming fewer and further between, however, with implications Sayana did not fully comprehend.
You find this interesting, yes? A soft, aged voice spoke within her mind. It was coming from one of the spider avatars sitting on the ceiling of her brain in a way that made her very uncomfortable.
There are more of your kind somewhere else, Sayana answered, looking for a way to leverage the knowledge she was acquiring since her arrival. They are long overdue, and you are isolated above our world. Your numbers are fewer now, much less than in the past. So much of this fortress is empty. Long abandoned rooms used to harbor your kindred, long gone.  
Observant and insightful, the spider remarked. Despite the softness, there was a lingering sense of condescension lying within the words. You wonder at your continuing existence. You and the others live because we desire it. Never before have we witnessed cattle spliced with a moderately stable double augmentation. You are a singular specimen to be studied at length, preferably before the process unravels further. It has never worked at all in the past, though all previous recipients weren't filthy half-breeds. Then again, why should we care how cattle breed amongst themselves?
This 'cattle' just destroyed your greatest weapon, Sayana retorted smugly, as well as all of your new war machines.
The constructs were designed to replace decaying workers in the mines deep beneath the surface, the spider replied, unperturbed. It is not our way to fight a direct war. Using expendable assets has ever been our preference. The loss of the constructs will cause us problems in the short term, but nothing we are concerned about and the orbital lance will be repaired within hours. Yes, all your efforts will come to naught. 
You're hiding something, Sayana remarked, knowing bluster when she heard it. She immediately felt a stab of pain within her head and struggled to keep from crying out. She would not give her captor the satisfaction.
As are you, abomination, the creature retorted. It could no longer keep its thoughts clear of the disgust it felt communicating with Sayana. Rest assured, my minions will uncover it soon, if not from you, then one of your less resilient herd. I see this disturbs you. This pleases me. We will talk again soon, creature.
The larger spider perched above her scurried around a corner. Aware of the events in the room about her in only a vague way, Sayana noticed a dark, armored form had walked past and only now did she understand she had been communicating with their leader, the one they called the Strator. 
The Strator slowly walked before the captives, briefly scanning each in turn with its eyes and its mind. Nellise, showing no outward sign of discomfort despite being strung up in chains, looked upon her captor with unflinching, golden eyes.
“I would parley with you, if you speak for your people,” she stated calmly. 
We speak as one, the Strator replied softly. Negotiation is unnecessary. You have nothing we want that we cannot simply take.
“You tried to destroy our home, and have been unleashing atrocities upon our world for countless generations,” Nellise continued regardless. “You wield power beyond our understanding. Is there a way we can coexist without this senseless slaughter? Our people are no threat to you.”
All evidence to the contrary. Your efforts in the foundry were remarkable.
“We have drawn upon rare powers to end your threat,” Nellise explained. “The vast majority of the population below cannot harm you and do not even know of your existence.”
Do you not understand our purpose? The Strator asked curiously. I know your minds are limited, but the reasons for such activity must be evident to even you by now.
“Indulge me,” Nellise remarked dryly. Her ability to remain cool under pressure was astonishing. Although Terinus had expressed his doubts, Nellise was making a genuine attempt to negotiate a peace between these creatures and the varied races of Feydwiir. Sayana though it was doomed to fail, simply from the arrogance she sensed within the sa’quaarin minds. 
Only those who approach the sort of power required to harm us are dealt with, the Strator continued. Everyone else is free to live their lives.
“But they're not free,” Pacian interrupted angrily. “The appearance of freedom is no substitute for the real thing.”
You lived most of your lives ignorant of our existence, the Strator pointed out. The illusion of freedom is tangible, yet provides us with the control of your lives we require. Once we have eliminated knowledge of our existence from those on the surface, the realm will be returned to peace for centuries. Is this not a worthwhile sacrifice? Do not bother answering — we already know your response. 
“I will speak it anyway,” Nellise responded. “Your perspective is twisted and self-defeating, as evidenced by our success here today. Free us, leave our world and you will be allowed to live.”
Humor. How interesting, the Strator remarked with clinical precision. You are brave, to come here and stand before us, but even you have your limits. The higher planes rarely meddle in our affairs and I find your intervention here unsettling. We have dealt unkindly with celestial beings in the past, and view your appearance as no exception. Thus, we believe a demonstration of power is in order. 
“At least tell us why,” Nellise pressed. “Why all this killing, this secrecy and deception? What possible purpose could it serve to destroy with such wanton cruelty?”
The vythir we excavate is a vital component of our society and must be secured at any cost, the Strator replied unrepentantly. We all do as we must to perpetuate our respective species. The only difference between us is how far we are willing to go to ensure victory. When the lance is repaired, Aielund shall be obliterated. The country has been too much of a problem of late, anyway. It is so difficult to cull the cattle when they have become unruly.
“There's no need to destroy the entire kingdom,” Nellise implored their captors. “All who know of your existence are here before you. Kill us if you must, but leave Aielund alone.”
“Do we get a vote in this?” Pacian remarked uncertainly. 
You are lying, the Strator stated coldly to Nellise. There are others walking the surface even now who know of us... your servants, Lucas and Saffron. The creature whirled on Terinus, who appeared bedraggled and ancient in his restraints. You defied our instructions with regards to the elimination of the raelani. YOU are behind this failed assault. Terinus looked up at the Strator with unabashed hatred etched on his features.
“I served you out of fear, not belief in the rightness of your cause,” he rasped. “I drew the line at the elimination of a gentle people who could never be a threat to you. Face it, you wish to destroy Aielund not to protect your anonymity, but because you enjoy it. Bringing death to tens of thousands gives you a twisted thrill, to exercise power as would a petulant god.” He shuddered as the sa'quaarin punished him for his insolence, yet he bore it without a sound of protest.
We are disappointed in you, disciple. So few of your kind qualify for our blessings, and fewer still serve as long as you have. You have proven unworthy of our trust, and after your mind is scoured of all information you have been keeping from us, you will be eliminated along with those you recruited to your cause. The Strator glanced at Robert without interest before locking eyes with Aiden. 
You are something of an anomaly, it stated, lifting in one hand the protective circlet Aiden had previously worn. You are resistant to our methods, even without the aid of this device. It seems our old draconic adversary had a hand in your alterations, turning you into a weapon to use against us. Though we were always at odds, we were much alike in many ways. Both of us had no qualms about using lesser creatures as disposable agents to further our own agenda. As the result of a bizarre magical experiment gone wrong, you will be pleased to know we have no further use for you.
“I'm guessing you won't be swinging the axe yourself,” Aiden taunted with a weak voice. 
We must see to the repairs of the lance you destroyed, the Strator replied as it headed towards the door. It is most inconvenient, though hardly crippling. Your raid would be considered an amusement, but for those you killed. Still, you have our respect for coming this far. As for your executioner, take your pick. We act as one. Without further comment, it departed the room, leaving their fate in the hands of the three remaining robed sa'quaarin.
The pressure in Sayana's head eased, yet this gave her no comfort. Their focus was shifting to Aiden, who glared up at the three creatures in anticipation of what was to come. The sorceress twisted and writhed in her restraints, trying to find a weak point where she could act to prevent what was about to happen. While the manacles were in place, she simply couldn't draw upon her diminishing reserves to intervene.
“So, it takes three of you to deal with one helpless captive?” Pacian taunted. “You're even more pathetic than I thought.” The sa'quaarin barely noticed him, so intent they were upon Aiden. “You think you're all powerful, yet you have scrawny little bastards like Terry over there do your dirty work for you. Think you're so high and mighty? I bet you couldn't get anything done without us 'cattle', am I right?”
Be silent, lest you share his fate, the nearest warned with an unsettling glare. Aiden cried out in pain as the other two began their sadistic work. 
“If you want me to shut up, you'll have to shut me up,” Pacian continued with rising ire. “Or maybe you'll have someone else do it for you? After all, I'm clearly a threat, being in chains and all.”
Keep this up and your screams will echo through these halls for a century, came another warning.
“Come over here and say that,” Pacian spat, literally sending a gob of saliva to the feet of their captors. The sa'quaarin, growing more incensed by the moment, glided in closer like a specter of death coming for Pacian's soul. 
They locked eyes, and Sayana sensed something passing between them. Her connection to their collective mindscape was becoming increasingly limited, yet she sensed the presence of Pacian's mind amongst them. Somehow, he was using his training as an ascetic to assault the mind of this creature with enough force to distract it.
“I hope this counts,” Pacian whispered to Nellise. Suddenly, his hands — free of the manacles — shot out from behind his back, grasped the sa'quaarin's head and with a violent twist, broke its neck. The creature's limp body dropped to the floor, drawing the immediate attention of the other two. Sayana felt their shock at the demise of their companion as they stood paralyzed with indecision.
Pacian sprang from the wall and twisted into a cartwheel, bringing him closer to their equipment piled in the corner. One of the sa'quaarin snapped out of its fugue and unleashed a blast of psychic energy, the power of which Sayana could feel from yards away. Pacian gritted his teeth as one hand landed on the hilt of the vythiric scythe. He grasped hold of the weapon as he landed on his feet and swept the blade in a wide arc, decapitating one of the remaining captors. Its lifeless form toppled to the floor in a spreading pool of blood.
Weaving unsteadily on his feet, Pacian was on the receiving end of a formidable psychic attack. He let out a ragged cry and fell to his knees as the final guard stood over him, cruelly crushing the life out of him through sheer force of will. Sayana saw their chance to escape slip away moment by moment, and there wasn't a damn thing she could do about it.
“Pace!” Nellise screamed, flailing at her restraints in futility. The sa'quaarin stood over him, evidently taking some grim satisfaction at bringing down the upstart “cattle”, when Pacian let out an inarticulate cry. He rose to his feet in mindless fury and with both hands on the hilt of his weapon, drove it straight through the chest of his enemy. 
With a look in its eyes that could only be described as surprise, it grasped the weapon with spindly fingers in a vain attempt to pull it free, then coughed a cloud of blood into the air and collapsed to the floor. Pacian stood for a moment in a daze, then fell on top of his enemy's corpse. 
“Pace, get the key!” Nellise called in a frenzy, all signs of her previously calm demeanor gone. Pacian's hand moved slowly towards the sa'quaarin’s belt and fumbled around for the key. His breathing was shallow and he was otherwise perfectly still. Sayana winced as she saw blood running from his ears, mingling with that of his fallen enemy's. Whatever they had used on him left a terrible injury, and he didn't have much time before it became fatal. 
He grabbed onto the key, and Pacian began to crawl towards the captives, dragging his body along the ground, leaving a trail of blood in his wake. His progress was achingly slow, and within Sayana's mind she could sense the growing alarm at the silence of the three sa'quaarin. On some level, they were all connected, and through the constant background noise some were noticing the absence.
“Pace, hurry,” she urged, “They'll know what happened within moments.”
“Toss me the key and I can heal you,” Nellise added encouragingly.
“You can do it, Pace, just keep moving,” Aiden said in support, though none of their advice helped him move any faster. The gravely wounded man raised his head a little, causing Nellise to gasp as they saw blood streaming from his nose and eye sockets. His skin was as pale as ice. Reaching into whatever reserves he had remaining, Pacian heaved the key in their direction and then with a sigh, he collapsed and stopped moving altogether.
The key fell just short of Sayana's position. She shifted around and tried to reach the key with her foot, and with a little bit of a stretch, managed to snag it with her toes. 
“Hold on Pace,” Nellise cried, trying to keep her composure. He did not respond. “Sy, hurry.”
“I'm trying,” she snapped, focused upon the monumental task of lifting the key to her hands using only one foot. With forced patience, she gradually lifted the key higher and higher, then dropped it into her hands. The others breathed a collective sigh of relief as the sorceress quickly undid the manacles and felt the oppressive restraints lift. Energy flowed through her body once more, just as the door opened and a sa'quaarin stood before them taking in the grisly scene. 
Sayana immediately reached out to the mind of the creature and blanketed it with a psychic scream, effectively preventing it from communicating its findings with the others. She then reached out a hand toward the hilt of Pacian's scythe and pulled it towards her with the power of her will. It flew through the air and landed in her grasp, just as the sa'quaarin lunged for her.
With her heart pounding, she rolled to her side as its gauntlet, thrumming with power, slammed into the wall. Sayana regained her footing and plunged the tip of the scythe into its chest. It let out a shriek of agony and fell to the floor, dead within moments.
“Sy, unlock me!” Nellise cried, snapping her out of her reverie. Sayana swooned as she stood, feeling a wave of dizziness wash over her. Smoke wafted from her body as more of the tattoos evaporated from her skin. Ignoring this as best as she could, Sayana unlocked the manacles and chains holding Nellise to the wall and proceeded to unlock the others one by one, while the cleric rushed to Pacian's side to examine him quickly.
“Thanks baby, you were amazing,” Robert whispered to Sayana as she unlocked him. She gave him a quick kiss before moving on to Terinus, who wasted no time heading to his equipment in the corner. 
“Is he okay?” Aiden asked of Nellise, who methodically checked Pacian's vital signs. 
“He's gone,” she replied with a broken voice. Everyone paused despite the gravity of their situation, at the thought of one of their number dead. Pacian had never been truly loved by anyone except Nellise, but they all respected his contributions to their cause, even if his ethics were often dubious. 
“Hell of a way to go out,” Robert remarked as he took Pacian's bracers and attached them to his wrists. “You can mourn him later, Nel. We have to finish this first.”
“I can bring him back,” Nellise responded, drawing disbelieving looks from the others. “You see me as I was, a mortal woman,” she continued. “Remember I am an angel of Kylaris, and as such have direct access to the Source of all things. I can fix him — I can bring him back... but it will take some time.”
“We don't have it,” Sayana bluntly suggested. “Even now they wonder at the absence of their brethren. We must hurry if we wish to take advantage of this situation.”
“What's our next move?” Aiden asked of Terinus.
“We follow the original plan,” the wizard rasped. “You and I must access the consoles on the bridge and destroy this edifice once and for all. We then make our way to the room we arrived in and use their portal to return to Aielund.”
“The Strator will be there,” Sayana pointed out.
“We will have to secure the bridge before we can act.”
“Up for one more fight?” Aiden asked of Robert. Sayana shared his concern, for the mercenary was bruised and bloodied, and his breathing came in ragged gasps.
“Wouldn't miss it for all the gold in the world,” he blustered. “Now, someone help an old man with his armor.” Sayana smiled slightly at his courage and raised her hands. With the power of her mind, she lifted his armor from the pile, piece by piece, and sent it flying through the air to attach itself to his body. Securing the clasps was tricky, but she managed it without too much trouble.
The others fished their equipment from the pile, conscious of their fallen comrade lying only yards away. Aiden took a pair of gauntlets from one of their fallen foes, strapping them on and feeling their power at his fingertips. At his feet was a familiar sack they had carried with them from the tower.
“Here's a little something from Saffron,” Aiden said as he discovered the sack of potions she had handed them upon her departure from the Black Tower. He began dispensing the tiny vials amongst everyone present. They were labelled in crisp, neat handwriting which nobody bothered to read. Robert downed three of them at once, while Sayana went through half a dozen in short order. 
While shuddering at the taste which could only be described as “potent”, she noticed to her relief that the burns on her skin began to clear up. A surge of energy washed through her entire being and she felt ready for one last burst of activity. It would hopefully be enough. Nearby, Nellise still crouched over the body of her fallen love, pushing the white hair back from his face as tears began to fall.
“He saved our lives,” Nellise pointed out. “I can't just leave him here.”
“His sacrifice will be for naught if we do not take advantage of this opportunity,” Terinus insisted. “Does it matter how soon you act to restore him?”
“The sooner the better,” Nellise replied. “After an hour it will be extremely difficult.”
“Within the hour we'll know one way or another if we are going to survive this,” Sayana told her.   
“Come with us or not, it's up to you,” Robert said, hefting his sword onto his shoulder. He began heading towards the door, with Terinus and Aiden following closely behind. Sayana touched Nellise lightly on the shoulder as she went past, and she heard the cleric whisper “Yes Pace, this counts. You've redeemed yourself, my love. I will come back for you”. 
She kissed Pacian lightly on the cheek, then turned and walked purposefully towards the door. Sayana was taken aback by the expression of focused rage on Nellise’s usually serene features. Clad only in her torn robe, she didn't even bother retrieving her armor or weapons.
“Nel, do you want this?” Aiden suggested as he gripped the hilt of the alien sabre in his gauntleted hand. 
“I no longer have need of it,” she explained distractedly, a statement that caused Aiden some concern. “Someone should take this thing,” he added, lifting the circlet. 
“I would, but it won't go under my helm,” Robert answered. Aiden nodded and without warning, placed it onto Sayana's head. 
“They will go for you first, just as they did before,” he warned, and Sayana didn't object.
“Terinus, lead the way,” Robert instructed. The wizard gestured with his staff and began moving down the hall to the left. Sayana's inner sight had diminished greatly, restricting her ability to sense the presence of sa'quaarin minds nearby. Looking at her arms, she was astonished to see pink skin through her torn clothing, all the way up to her shoulders. Only then did she realize she was walking and talking in a normal fashion. Her effortless levitation was gone.
“I am shielding our presence from their minds,” Sayana whispered to the others. “If we do not encounter anyone directly, we should be moving mostly unseen within these halls. My powers are diminishing rapidly. I thought it was just the extra augmentation unravelling, yet it seems all of the markings are coming away.”
“I know you always wanted to be a normal person,” Robert remarked. “But you picked a hell of a time to do it.”
“Here,” Terinus said, giving no indication he had been listening. He opened a door in front of them, inside of which was a small chamber no more than three yards across. Terinus walked inside and bid the others do the same.
“A dead end?” Aiden asked curiously, looking up and down for some indication what it was about.
“A shortcut,” Terinus explained. Once they were all inside, Terinus touched a glyph on a small black panel to one side. The door closed, and the small room lurched with the distinct sensation of movement.
“We will emerge on the bridge, so expect stiff resistance,” Terinus rasped. His leather gloves creaked as he gripped the staff tightly, indicating intense emotions just below the surface.
“Are you okay?” Sayana asked quietly. Despite his history, his apparent dedication to righting the wrongs in his past was gaining her respect. Initially abhorred by their family connection — however distant — she found she now empathized with his plight and felt a measure of concern for the only true family she knew.
“I seek an end to this existence,” Terinus grated. “Nothing short of their complete destruction will assuage my vengeance. After so many long years, the time is at hand. I have never been more 'okay', Sayana.” They exchanged a brief smile. A fleeting moment of mutual kinship acknowledged on the brink of oblivion. 
The sensation of movement abruptly stopped and the door opened. A short hallway extended from the door, connected to a large, circular chamber. They slowly moved forward, weapons at the ready. Braced for a vicious fight, Sayana was instead taken aback by the vista before them. 
A dozen sa'quaarin worked at various consoles dotted around the room, the floor of which was reflecting subtle light from above. Lifting her gaze, Sayana was transfixed by an enormous sphere of blue and white far above them, held in place by unseen forces amidst a sea of stars. If her eyes did not deceive her, the sphere appeared to be quite distant from the fortress they stood in, visible through a ceiling which appeared to be composed entirely of glass.
“It's Aeos,” Aiden breathed, similarly affected by the view. “It looks just like the maps I've seen. We are high above the world itself.” Sayana gaped at the sight, finally understanding what she was looking at. The lighter parts were clouds, moving slowly over the shining oceans and varied landscapes. It was beautiful and humbling at the same time, and affected her more profoundly than she could have imagined. 
“Everyone you have ever known or heard of has lived and died on the world you see before you,” Terinus whispered. “Remember this as we battle for control of this room. Stay focused, and we shall succeed.”
A shrill cry went up from one of the sa'quaarin, snapping Sayana's attention back to the present moment. All of the creatures in the room turned to look at the interlopers, including the armored form of the Strator. Terinus whirled around and raised his staff, causing the doors to close behind them. A flash of light in the tiny gap between the metal left a red glow, as if they had been melted together.
The Strator glared menacingly at them then raised both hands. A flickering blade etched in power appeared in one, and the other pointed at the interlopers. As one, his comrades glared at Sayana and unleashed a psychic scream at her, attempting to destroy her mind. They did not however, see the metal circlet hidden in her wild hair, shielding her from their formidable power.
Sayana and her companions were suddenly bathed in light as Nellise levitated above the floor and unfurled her wings. A sword appeared in her hands, forged of faith and light, and a wreath of radiance suffused her very being. Usually content to hold back and support the others, the angel Nellise was both beautiful and terrible in her wrath, and it was she who led them into the fight. There were no words spoken, no rallying cry or call to arms. Silently and with methodical purpose, the two forces joined in a clash to decide the fate of the world plainly visible above them. 
Nellise raised her arms and a blast of radiant, golden flames erupted from the floor, engulfing half the chamber. Sayana joined the fight, sending a ball of fire hurtling into the middle of the conflagration where it exploded. 
Aiden raised his gauntlet and sent a pulse of crackling green energy into the growing tumult, creating a firestorm of destructive force in which nothing could survive. The charred bodies of several sa'quaarin flew through the air, leaving trails of smoke as their smoldering forms scattered across the room.
Retaliation was swift and brutal. Chunks of flaming metal from the debris were redirected at incredible speed towards the five companions. Robert, who had moved to the vanguard, stood before Sayana and raised his shield to absorb the worst of the impacts while Terinus summoned a sphere of protection to keep himself and Aiden from harm. Once it was clear, the mercenary charged directly at a small cluster of sa'quaarin, moving with blurring speed and crashing into their ranks with a thunderous report.
Aeon Invictus swept back and forth as Robert kept four of the enemy occupied, leaving the rest for Sayana and the others to deal with. Bright energies flashed between Terinus and the Strator, a furious duel between the former conspirators nobody else desired to interrupt. 
Aiden dashed to the right and attacked those sa'quaarin who had survived the initial blast, finding more than a few unwilling to yield easily. With his sabre slashing and cutting at his foes, a small army of angry spirits manifest around him and unleashed their pent-up rage at those who had destroyed their home long ago. 
The initial assault was near-perfect, but there were only four of them against double that number of surviving sa'quaarin, and it didn't take long for the fight to swing against them. Protected against the fires slowly spreading through the chamber, the shadowy masters of the world rallied and pushed back against the assault. 
The ancient wizard's defenses were sorely tested when he was slammed with a wave of force, which rippled through the air and scoured the nearby wall as it went past. Lightning snapped around him and realizing he was outmatched, his form blurred with speed as he raced around the enemy to the other side of the chamber. He found no respite, however, for the fires consuming the chamber rose up in the form of an immense elemental which struck out at him, bathing him in flames. 
Robert's shield rang again and again as other sa'quaarin, wielding powerful energy-wreathed swords pressed the attack. Their gauntlets gave them immense physical strength however, and the shield was beginning to smoke. Even his unnatural speed wasn't enough to give him more than a fleeting chance to strike back against so many at once. 
Sayana was attempting to be more efficient with her sorcery, for she could sense the inevitable ebbing of power beginning to gnaw at her mind. Desperate to assist Robert, she pushed against the wards protecting the Akashic Throne from any sort of dimensional travel. Instead of transporting herself, she managed to open a tiny portal and shoved her hand through. It emerged a few feet to the right of the group engaging Robert, and through it she unleashed a bolt of crackling green energy. 
It burned straight through the gathered sa'quaarin, disintegrating a few limbs and taking one of them directly in the chest. It bought Robert time to bring his weapon to bear, and with a roar of fury he shattered the skull of another sa'quaarin, leaving them with six to deal with. The magic had come with a heavy cost however, for more of the tattoos smoked and peeled away, unable to withstand the power drain. She winced at the burns crisscrossing her skin, realizing she only had a few moments of sorcery left within her.
Nellise found herself facing off against the Strator, and with her blade of light leading the way she clashed with the armored leader. There was no sound of metal-on-metal, for the weapons they wielded were beyond such mundane material. Sparks and little jets of golden flame spat from their blades as each sought to break through the other's defenses. 
It was entirely possible the Strator had not engaged in personal combat for decades, if ever. Their announced preference for manipulating others to do their dirty work precluded any need for such risk. What made the sa'quaarin leader so dangerous was the combination of deadly weapons with his mental might. 
Nellise winced as the Strator assaulted her mind as well as her body, and it was astonishing to witness the divine light bathing her in its radiance flicker with each assault. The wounds she suffered healed over almost immediately, yet for all her power she simply could not go on the offensive.
To her left, Robert faltered as the intensity of the fight further increased, his wounds mounting. The sa'quaarin energy swords were able to slice right through his armor, so every missed parry tore up his priceless suit of vythir. More than that, his sickly lungs were leaving him short of breath. His speed was dropping and eventually when he was struck with one of the vicious glowing blades, he fell to one knee and did not recover. 
Sayana knew the others were preoccupied with the remaining sa'quaarin officers, so it was up to her to tip the balance in their favor. Unwilling to hold back, she summoned the last of her power for a single, mighty invocation. The searing sensation of the markings burning away added to the surge of power arcing along her body. 
With a gesture from one hand, she telekinetically dragged Robert away from the front line and sent forth a surge of power so great, it rippled the fabric of reality around it. The metal floor warped and cracked as the cascade of energy washed over three sa'quaarin who didn't even have time to scream as they were turned into ash. 
With her body smoking and her energies gone, a very mortal Sayana Arai collapsed to the floor next to her wounded love. Her skin, pink and stinging from the light burns, was completely free of markings for the first time in her life. With this came the understanding she was not only out of the fight, but would never wield sorcery again. 
Feeling weak and vulnerable, she could only hold on tightly to Robert as the chamber shook from the forces being loosed within and hope her friends could finish the job.

Chapter Twenty-One

In spite of minor victories, Aiden could tell they were losing. Of the dozen sa'quaarin officers who stood against them when the fight began, nine had fallen. With his suit of impregnable armor, the Strator appeared to be barely scratched and his remaining trio of followers consisted of their best and most dangerous. Nellise fought on with righteous fury, her love for Pacian fueling her resolve even after Robert and Sayana had withdrawn. 
The fires of heaven swept around her as she fought alone against the Strator, tears visible in her eyes as she continued the struggle. When she was struck by the Strator's lightning-etched sword, her wounds continued to heal over almost immediately. 
Aiden could do nothing for her as he faced off alone against three sa'quaarin. Gone were any inhibitions against wielding sorcery — his life, the lives of his friends and thousands of people on the world above them were depending upon him at that moment. He threw bolts of lightning and storms of energy with abandon, anything he could think of to gain an edge in the fight.
They shrugged off or countered most of Aiden's invocations without issue. He was in the presence of masters of the arcane arts and was simply outmatched. While he fought, Aiden could feel a strange duality developing within his mind. The lurking presence of Salinder grew as Aiden tapped into the dragon spirit for more power, observing the battle yet unable to assist. If not for the army of vengeful spirits wreathing his weapon, the sa'quaarin would have overwhelmed Aiden long ago.
The spirits swirled around him like a cloud of rage but every now and then, one would wink out of existence as it intercepted a devastating attack from the enemy. Aiden was doing everything in his power to simply stay alive. He ducked behind a ruined console as a blast of crackling energy shot past, demolishing the Auldsteel wall behind him with a thunderous report. He reciprocated with his own gauntlet, raising it over the console to shoot without aiming in the hope of hitting something.
Nearby, Terinus fought a colossal elemental of flame born from the inferno they had unleashed at the start of the fight. It filled a quarter of the chamber and forced the wizard to use all of his cunning to keep from being incinerated. He attempted to douse the living conflagration by conjuring water out of thin air, but the fires were so hot the water evaporated with little effect. 
It would have engulfed Terinus several times over already if not for the deceptive illusions he used to misdirect it. It slammed its fiery fist into the floor where he was standing, only to find it a hollow figure of light, with the real wizard standing invisibly yards away. Again and again the elemental attempted to connect as Terinus confused and stymied its efforts. Each maneuver pushed the wizard further against the far wall, with the raging firestorm cutting off all routes of escape.
Aiden's gauntlet fired another blast as lightning and fire shot back towards him, the sa'quaarin content to whittle down his cover until his weapon became useless. The gauntlets had proven to be unreliable in the past due to extreme age, and this one was no exception. After the third blast it ceased to function, leaving Aiden no choice but to rip it off and with his exposed claw, invoked a bolt of lightning to keep his foes off guard. If he could hold out long enough for one of the others to assist, he might yet survive.
Terinus appeared within an antechamber on the far wall, a large alcove from which there was no doorway. Sensing his confinement, the elemental rushed forward. Fires blanketed the entrance and there was no way the wizard was going to be able to pass without braving the fires. Attempting to crush him with force as well as flame, it compressed its mass as it filled the chamber, its color changing to white as the heat intensified. 
Certain its adversary was trapped, it did not witness his reappearance on the outside of the antechamber until it was too late. The wizard touched a small black console on the wall and a glass door slammed shut, sealing the elemental within. It raged at its imprisonment, glowing so brightly it seemed it would melt its way out. Before that could happen, however, Terinus touched the console again.
The fires became elongated, as if being pulled like toffee. Through the vast window above, the flames could be seen emerging from the top of the sky fortress where they began to evaporate. With a futile blast of rage, the elemental shook the canopy with one pounding fist and then it was gone, devoured by the endless sky.
Aiden was pummeled with psychic attacks which tore at his mind, and the bulky console he’d used for cover suddenly lifted into the air, revealing his position to the sa'quaarin officers, one of whom had an arm raised. When the console was thrown down onto him it was deflected at the last moment, smashing into the floor only a few feet away.
Terinus had intervened in time to save Aiden's life and with a flick of his finger, the wizard covered him a little time to recover from the assault. As Aiden got back on his feet, one of his opponents charged in with its energy sword poised to strike, and it took a feat of willpower for Aiden to force his blade up to parry in time. 
The sabre was sundered by the blow, releasing an explosion of psychic energy and throwing everyone out from the blast. Freed from the confines of the sword, the vengeful spirits howled and vanished into the Aether, toward whatever awaited them in the afterlife. Before Aiden could recover, a sa'quaarin officer was upon him, its four glowing eyes boring into his mind as it brought its blade to bear. Aiden raised his arm in time to grasp its hand, attempting to hold it back with all the strength he could muster.
Their gauntlets whined in protest as they struggled, each attempting to force the blade into the face of the other. Sweat dripped down Aiden's brow and his heart pounded within his chest as the weapon inched towards him. A stabbing pain filled his mind as the sa'quaarin attempted to crush him from within and without. He could feel the thing moving around inside his head, searching for vulnerable points to strike. 
Memories of his past flashed through his consciousness, wracking him with guilt over the tiniest failures over the years. Aiden cringed as emotions welled up within, both from the memories and the knowledge he wasn't going to survive the fight. There was only one chance to win, though it would probably ensure his demise, one way or another. 
Within his mind he sought the familiar form of the small dragon, perched at the edge of his thoughts observing the unfolding events with detached calm. The image of the sa'quaarin enveloping Aiden's psyche was that of a monstrous spider, creeping through his thoughts and devouring his mind. 
His time rapidly running out, Aiden thought of Criosa and of what Nellise had told him recently, that it was better to fight for something positive than to try and out-hate their enemies. Knowing it would probably mean his end, Aiden sent a channel of energy to the mental avatar of the dragon, granting it all of his remaining strength, not to destroy their enemies, but to save those he loved. 
The spider came to an abrupt halt as a guttural growl rippled across Aiden’s mental landscape. Images flooded through his mind — memories of another life in which he dominated the skies, brought destruction to entire realms and knew no equal. Salinder's mental avatar stepped in front of Aiden, as majestic and terrifying as he had been when the young man first saw the dragon within his dreams, years ago. 
The spider reared up in preparation for a fight and Salinder did not disappoint. With talons extended, the dragon leaped forward and charged into the giant monstrosity, tearing off a leg and sinking its teeth into the spider's hide. It flailed at the dragon, attempting to bite through its scales using fangs dripping with poison. 
Salinder ignored its futile attacks and with an almighty roar, breathed fire over the spider, which shrieked and shriveled into a dried husk before turning to ash. Salinder let out a victorious bellow as the mental landscape was replaced by reality once more. Aiden's armor and clothing had been removed, the gauntlets tossed aside as his physical transformation into Salinder was finally complete.
He took a moment to glance at his new body. He had doubled in size, sprouted a broad set of fine golden wings and a tail two yards in length swayed behind him. More than the physical changes, his memories had fused with Salinder's, blending together in a bizarre amalgam of shared experiences.
Everyone else in the battle, friend and foe alike paused for a moment to stare at the appearance of a small dragon in their midst. At Aiden's feet lay the sa'quaarin Salinder had just vanquished in their brief mental duel, its limbs twitching as the mind in control of that body no longer existed. Its brethren hesitated for a moment, unsure what had just happened, and their hesitation cost them their lives. 
Feeling stronger than at any point in his life, Aiden inhaled deeply and breathed a blast of searing fire from his gaping maw. The dying shrieks of the sa’quaarin were music to his ears, giving him a warm sense of satisfaction. He had become the embodiment of power and exercising it was an experience unlike anything he had ever known.
Surveying the chamber, Aiden saw Terinus take advantage of the distraction to fling his sa'quaarin foe directly at the nearby wall with a gesture of his staff. The crack of breaking bones could be heard across the chamber. It survived the impact, but before it could do anything else Terinus sent a pile of debris sliding towards it, crushing it once and for all.
Aiden purred a low growl and narrowed his eyes as he turned his gaze on the Strator. He had faced one of his ilk before, centuries ago, or at least he had a memory of Salinder doing so. It was becoming difficult to tell where his memories stopped and the dragon's began. Nellise was still battling the sa'quaarin leader, fighting with panache and tenacity. Yet through it all she had been unable to breach the Strator's shields and found herself fully on the defensive, aiming only to keep her opponent occupied. 
Weakened from the prolonged fight and the constant need to mend her mounting injuries, Nellise failed to stop its hand reaching for her chest. A blast of psychic power enveloped her, causing her suffusing light to waver and dim. With a scream of protest, she suddenly went stiff and the light died out completely. Aiden's enhanced sight saw the energy of her celestial spirit evicted from her body which fell to the floor, broken and unmoving. She had been exorcized just as Sayana had done to the archangel Benedictum on Abraxas.
Seething with outrage, Aiden let out a challenging roar that shook the chamber. The Strator turned to regard him, taking his measure of this new opponent and slowly began moving backwards while keeping Aiden in sight.
He is afraid, Salinder's voice spoke in his mind, indicating a schism had taken place. Aiden was essentially two entities in one, fused together with sorcery. While not untrue, Aiden suspected his wily opponent was up to something else.
He seeks to unseal the door and allow reinforcements to arrive, Aiden warned, speaking with telepathy for the first time without finding it the least bit unusual. He charged forward and used his wings to give him an extra burst of speed, bolting for the Strator before he could reach the door. He would not have caught up in time if not for an act of selfless bravery from Robert. The mercenary rushed out of hiding and slammed shoulder-first into the Strator, knocking them both to the floor and sending both of their weapons skittering away as they tumbled. 
Aiden leaped, landing on the prone Strator's back and bowling them both over. With a flurry of claws and fists, the two battled for supremacy in a fight with little finesse and plenty of primal rage. Aiden tore at the Strator's armor, but found even his talons had little effect against a suit of Auldsteel. There was only one weapon capable of penetrating that sort of protection. 
With the cold beginning to become too painful to bear, Aiden raised his reptilian head and spied Aeon Invictus lying on the floor nearby. Seizing his opportunity, he leaped towards it, grasping the hilt in one extended claw and rolling with it. When he came about, Aiden stood on his hind legs and held the mighty sword in one claw. 
The Strator had also regained his footing, incanting a wall of metal behind him to shut Terinus out of the fight. Aiden towered over the sa'quaarin, leering down at him — smoke wafting from his nostrils. Their minds telepathically aware of each other, Aiden could feel the fear of this creature as it cried out for assistance from the others down below. 
They cannot help you anymore, Aiden spoke to the Strator. You are finally being brought to account for your atrocities. Does this unsettle you? 
Do not toy with him, Salinder advised. Finish this! The Strator did not answer, so consumed was he with survival. With a shriek of defiance, he charged in while unleashing a psychic scream, yet it wasn't enough to slow Aiden's blade. Aeon Invictus sliced through the armor protecting the creature's body, gouging deep and drawing blood. He then reached over with his other claw and shoved his talons into the wound, ripping away the damaged armor plate with a mighty heave.
Blood flowed from the terrible wound yet the Strator wasn't finished. He slammed his armored fist into Aiden's side with enough force to crack one of his ribs and send him stumbling backwards. His side in agony from the blow, Aiden found the blade swept from his grasp by a telekinetic swipe. It hardly mattered, for his opponent's shell had already been cracked. 
Out of the corner of Aiden’s eye, Terinus appeared, moving straight through the metal wall as if it were nothing. In his hand he held a small vial and while the Strator was focused on Aiden’s demise, the wizard stepped up to him and with one gloved hand, smacked the vial into the enemy’s wound. The Strator fell to his knees and Terinus grasped his throat, pulling them close together as the terrible invocation pulling Aiden to his doom subsided.
“Poetic, is it not?” Terinus taunted his foe who was struggling to stay upright. “To be killed by the same poison you used to kill so many innocent raelani.” The Strator looked feebly at the wizard and then fell to the floor, trying futilely to claw its way to the door. Gasping and choking, black blood began to ooze from the cracks in its armor and smear across the floor, and with a last gasp, it finally stopped moving with one hand reaching for the door.
A stillness descended over the scene as the fight came to an end. Terinus paused to catch his breath, still on his knees as he looked about with undisguised loathing on his ancient features.
Behind him, Sayana emerged from hiding. She glanced at the bodies of their fallen enemies for a moment, then locked eyes with Aiden, each of them astonished by the other's appearance. The former sorceress was barely clothed at all, revealing healthy pink skin from head to toe. Not a single trace of the augment remained, leaving her appearing as any regular young woman would. She held a flickering sa’quaarin sword in one hand and regarded Aiden with caution.
“It appears you have been reborn, Salinder,” she remarked coldly. “Do you even care that you devoured Aiden in the process?”
He lives, Aiden replied, feeling a curious detachment from the words.
“Well which one are you? Aiden or Salinder?”
Yes, Aiden replied cryptically, unable to discern between his two selves. Terinus wearily regained his footing and slowly strode forward, appearing more aged and worn than before. He did not seem taken aback at Aiden's appearance, instead focusing his gaze upon the creature laying at his feet.
“Our work is not yet complete,” he rasped. “Enough of his people remain within the fortress to retake this room with ease. Once the door is unsealed, we will be overwhelmed.”
“So all of this was for nothing?” Robert asked as Sayana offered a hand to help him back on his feet. His breathing was heavy and he was bruised and bloodied from the fight, but the tenacious mercenary had survived yet again.
“Aiden, do you still possess the knowledge to operate sa'quaarin relics?” Terinus asked.
I do, Aiden confirmed.
“Then go to that console and follow my instructions,” the wizard ordered, pointing at a charred black protrusion in the wall. “I will operate its counterpart over here. Two individuals are required to enact what we are about to do.”
“Which is?” Robert asked.
“Destroy the Akashic Throne,” Terinus answered as he stood before his console. “The power which allows it to hover continuously above our world is unstable, if certain protections are removed. We then make for the storage room where we first arrived and use the portal to escape.” Aiden walked over to the console, reverting to using four legs again. It seemed both natural and unusual at the same time. He noticed the sealed doorway was beginning to glow with heat, and knew the other sa'quaarin were attempting to gain entry.
Using his talons as fingers, Aiden was able to carefully follow the wizard's instructions as he tapped on the glowing sigils upon the smooth black surface. It was the most complex work he had yet attempted in their obscure, encoded language and would have been impossible for anyone not familiar with it.
“What happened to Nellise?” Sayana asked softly, looking sadly upon her broken body. 
“She still exists, but has been exorcised from her physical form,” Terinus replied absently as he continued to work. “Her spirit now resides in Assumption with the other celestial entities. Nellise, as we knew her, is gone.”
“She gave everything she had to keep the Strator occupied,” Sayana whispered as she knelt beside her fallen friend. “So beautiful and selfless. We couldn't have done this without her.”
“I feel weird about this,” Robert muttered. “She's sort of dead, but not. Oh, and so much for bringing Pacian back I guess. Damn, we've lost two now.” Aiden recalled Nellise's promise to her fallen love, sealing his fate. With a gentle brush of her hand, Sayana closed Nellise's eyes forever. Aiden paused a moment to reflect on the loss of two close friends, then shoved aside the swelling emotions for later deliberation. 
“Whatever you're doing, speed it up,” Robert advised, staring at the glowing door in consternation. “We're about to receive some guests.”
“We must time the final step precisely,” Terinus explained to Aiden as the sound of dull impacts on the door began. “The sigil you see on the display now renders the power source vulnerable. Press it in three... two... one... now.”
With a tap of one talon, Aiden touched the glaring red symbol and a shudder went through the fortress. A roaring sound of alert began to echo through the edifice, a sure sign they had achieved their goal.
“Beautiful, let's move,” Robert growled impatiently, grabbing Aeon Invictus and sheathing it. “I assume there's another way out of here?”
“No,” Terinus replied as he turned to face them. “I will have to deactivate the wards prohibiting teleportation within the fortress and send you away myself.”
“You mean send us away,” Sayana corrected, to which the wizard shook his head.
“I cannot lock out the controls. As soon as I dispel the wards, they will come here in force and simply reinstate the protective protocols. It must be guarded for the duration or we will fail. This task is mine, and mine alone.” A dull rumble shook the fortress as a distant explosion went off. Terinus turned to another console and quickly went through the sigils lighting up the screen. 
“You only have a few minutes to escape,” Terinus warned. “I can teleport you away, but the lower levels have their own wards I cannot seem to access from here.” Sayana moved to stand before Terinus and took his hand in hers. 
“You know this means your death, right?” she asked. Terinus slowly nodded his head in reply.
“My vengeance is sated. I have nothing more to live for, and I would be rid of the terrible memories that plague my every waking moment. Finally, I can know peace and perhaps even redeem myself in the process. You are my last descendant, Sayana, my legacy. I could not bear the thought of losing you.”
With a tear trickling down her cheek, Sayana nodded and smiled as she hugged him, a sign of forgiveness and acceptance from her Aiden never thought he'd see. Terinus pulled back from the embrace as the door shuddered under a heavy impact. He incanted a number of protective enchantments, and imbued life into the energy sword Sayana had used to kill the Strator. It darted into the air and hovered next to Terinus, ready to do his bidding. 
“It is time. Aiden, you will see my descendant to safety.”
We're not going to lose anyone else, I swear, Aiden answered firmly as he flexed his talons. 
“Then this is where we part ways. Good fortune to you all,” the wizard said as he tapped the console. The expression on his face was one of contentment, a moment of peace before an inevitably violent conclusion to his life. A moment later there was a flash of violet light, and Aiden and his two remaining companions found themselves just outside the golem foundry.
Chaos reigned as a group of sa'quaarin attempted to put out fires raging within the foundry itself. Eruptions of fire exploded out from the wall, shaking the floor violently and damaging the superstructure. Aiden spread his wings and attempted to protect Sayana and Robert with his body as metal and stone crashed down around them. He stifled an urge to cry out in pain as his head took a serious blow.
“We have to move!” Robert shouted as he turned to go. Aiden followed slowly, shaking his head to try and refocus. Memories of his two lives blurred together, confusing him and giving him a moment of anxiety as he fought the idea this was all some kind of dream. Robert paused for a moment to regard him with a critical eye, then reached up and grabbed Aiden's head.
“I think you just gave yourself a concussion, mate. I don't know if you're still Aiden or not, but if you want to stay alive, you are going to run, mister!” the mercenary hoarsely roared in his best drill sergeant’s voice. He grabbed Sayana by one hand and pulled her along behind him, heading out of the foundry.
Aiden staggered forward, momentarily confused, then gained momentum as he watched Robert and Sayana disappear along the smoke filled corridor. He loped along, finding his winged forearms ill-suited to running. A horrible feeling he'd left something behind flooded Aiden's addled mind, and he suddenly realized Pacian was back there somewhere. One thought came through loud and clear, however. He had to go faster.
His vision blurred for a moment, and when it resolved Aiden saw before him a field of grass, swaying gently in the breeze on a beautiful day near his home of Coldstream. He knew Pacian was closing in behind him and the thought of his blond friend beating him in a race yet again was more than he could bear. 
He couldn't recall why, but he felt he would literally die if he didn't win this race. Surging forward, Aiden ran as fast as he could, his eyes on the distant tree-line. Smoke from a nearby fire began to blot out the sun, but he knew he could outrun it. 
Flames licked at his feet as he rushed forward, his heart pounding as he ran for his life. Certain Pacian was right behind him, Aiden summoned a final burst of speed and reached the tree-line before tumbling to a halt. Pausing for breath, he turned and looked behind to gloat at his victory in the race, but saw nothing but empty fields bathed in fire. 
Pacian was nowhere to be seen, and only then did Aiden remember he was gone forever. Shaking his reptilian head, Aiden snapped himself out of the vivid memory and took in the corridor he had just run through. It had collapsed completely, filling with fire and Auldsteel beams which would surely have sealed his fate had he not moved as fast as he had. 
At that moment, he felt the loss of his friend keenly, even knowing what he had become over the last few years. He couldn't pause any longer though, for up ahead Robert had run into a patrolling construct which had immediately considered them a threat. Oblivious to the destruction of its home, the ancient golem slammed Robert's already battered armor while he desperately tried to keep it away from Sayana.
Aiden roared and leaped forward, gashing the construct with his talons before pulling it away from the gravely wounded mercenary. Although nearly the same size, it outweighed Aiden's modest frame many times over and he struggled to fight it. Another explosion rocked the halls, knocking them both over as the floor beneath them gave way. They crashed through to a lower level, one filled with noise and heat as pipes and other conduits around them glowed white. 
Aiden reached over and with all of his strength held the construct's head against a pipe. It began to smoke and whine as it fought against him, until it began to deform from the intense heat. As it continued to melt, Aiden crouched down and with a beat of his wings, used his powerful legs to spring back up to the storage level, leaving his metal foe to be destroyed with the fortress.
Robert and Sayana beckoned from just ahead as they entered the large chamber they had originally arrived into. Many of the decrepit Ironlord suits of armor had fallen in the continuing destruction of the Akashic Throne, scattering their parts across the floor. Robert held Sayana tightly as the place crumbled around them, standing next to the portal's arch — their one chance to survive the devastation.
“At least this means Terinus is still holding the bridge, right?” Robert shouted over the noise. 
It would seem so, Aiden replied groggily, his head still ringing from the earlier blow. He trotted over to the console and noted with dismay that it had been damaged in the ongoing destruction. Angry sparks spat from its side and the inner workings were exposed from the panels that had been torn away. The primary black display appeared to be functioning, after a fashion. 
Quickly examining the glyphs with one extended talon, Aiden saw them blink on and off as power fluctuated throughout the room. They were plunged into darkness lit only by the encroaching flames before the hovering blue lights flared back to life. 
Aiden's heart raced as he examined the console before him, desperately trying to make it work properly in the brief time they had remaining. Thankfully, Terinus had already set the coordinates for the Black Tower in Aielund. He activated the device and the familiar shimmering curtain of light appeared in the center of the arch.
“I thought we were going to die here,” Sayana breathed at the sight of their escape route. Aiden began to move towards it to join the others, but then it flickered out of existence again. Racing back to the device, Aiden repeated the procedure and the curtain reappeared for a few seconds, only to wink out once more. 
It's too damaged, he shouted. Get closer to it, and when I reactivate it again, go through immediately! 
“What about you?” Sayana called back.
I'll rig it to stay on a bit longer, but first you have to get away safely. Aiden hoped she was too busy to figure out his lie, for he knew there simply wasn't enough time to fix the damaged console, even if he had the proper tools. The door to the chamber blew off its hinges and fire roared across the room. They only had moments remaining and this was no time to argue.
Sayana and Robert moved as closely as they cold to the arch, waiting in anticipation of the next window of opportunity. Just as Aiden traced the glyphs with his talons, Sayana whirled around to face him. With a plaintive look upon her face, she stared at him with the sudden realization he would never make it through. It was already too late. Aiden activated the portal and like the good soldier he was, Robert ran through to the stifled cry of protest from Sayana who he pulled along with him.
And they were gone.
A feeling of contentment descended upon Aiden at that moment, knowing he'd given them both a chance at a full life. Finally free of the markings that had both cursed and blessed her life, Sayana was as normal as a half-elven woman could be, and with Criosa's aid, they would have a safe and productive life together.
Fires consumed the chamber as whatever system the Throne used to keep the unstable power in check failed, but Aiden wasn't concerned. As a dragon, he wasn't going to burn to death. In fact, he had no idea what would happen to him when the fortress exploded. In any case, he wasn't alone, as such.
You have done well, Aiden, the voice of Salinder congratulated him. Countless thousands will owe their lives to you and your companions, though they will never realize the truth of what happened here today.
I thought you would be upset with me, leaving us to die here amongst your fallen enemies, Aiden mused.
As far as deaths go, that one sounds just fine to me, Salinder remarked. I am, however, sorry you could not rejoin Criosa. I know how much you felt for each other.
Aiden fell silent, thinking how he would never see her again. He took some comfort in the fact that Sayana would be able to explain what happened to him at least, so she wouldn't go on wondering about his fate. They had saved the kingdom and freed her people from the unseen hand of the sa'quaarin, and he could do nothing else for her. He hoped it was enough.
Part of the wall next to him exploded, the conduits running through it like veins finally giving way under the heat roaring through the complex. Aiden held tightly to the console as the air was sucked past him and clawed his way out of the room. He drew in a deep breath as the lack of atmosphere extinguished the flames and made his way down the airless corridor to another chamber. 
It took some effort to force the door open, and the air inside began to be pulled through as well, so Aiden hurried inside and allowed the door to slam shut once more. The floor shuddered as the fort began to break apart and looking across the empty room, Aiden noticed a small window. He peered through it and gazed outside, seeing the world looming outside, spinning around in an increasingly eccentric way as the fort ripped itself apart. 
So beautiful, so distant, like a pearl hanging among the stars. He thought about all the fallen friend's he'd lost over the years, people he'd be joining in whatever lay beyond this life. It was Criosa's face that filled his mind though as the Akashic Throne finally exploded and he thought no more.

Epilogue

“Come on, come on, get out of there,” Robert muttered as he and Sayana stood on the balcony of the Black Tower, staring up at the night sky. It was clear and bright without a cloud to be seen, and somewhere up there, hanging invisibly in the heavens was the Akashic Throne, on the verge of destruction. 
She looked behind them to the portal chamber, waiting and hoping for it to flare with light one more time and deliver Aiden to them. It never came. 
“There it goes,” Robert finally muttered as the sky lit up as if the sun had risen five hours early. The initial flare was intense, but it quickly faded. Sayana leaned against Robert, feeling weak and utterly drained from the experience they had survived, now having to deal with the loss of yet another friend. She tried to take comfort in the destruction of the sa'quaarin, but it seemed hollow without the others to share it with.
“Did he stay there on purpose?” Robert thought aloud. “Was he too ashamed of his change to face Criosa and just wanted to end it?”
“I don’t believe that for a second,” Sayana sobbed. “He loved her more than either of us will ever know, and he’d never give up on her, not ever.”
“Easy, honey,” Robert offered, his voice also thick with emotion. “I believe you.”
“You know, nobody's ever going to understand what we've achieved here today. No memorials to the fallen will be built, no songs sung in their name.”
“Mark the date,” Robert grunted with a cough. “We'll remember them every year, and make sure our children will too. And theirs, on down the line. They will not be forgotten, you’ve got my word on that.” Sayana let the tears fall, finally releasing the feelings she'd been holding in check. Then, it suddenly occurred to her what Robert had just said.
“Children?” she asked in wonder.
“Sure... I mean, if you want,” Robert said, sounding less sure about himself. “I've been putting it off for years and I'm not getting any younger.” He jolted in a fit of coughing for a minute before getting himself under control. “Not getting any healthier, either.”
“We'll have to get you seen to,” Sayana said out of concern. She traced a finger along the edge of his face, noting the scars and weariness on his lined face. She hadn’t looked upon him this way for some time, not since she’d transformed into whatever it was she had been. Somehow, he seemed more real now than ever before.
“What are you looking at?” he asked curiously.
“I'm seeing you with my own eyes again, and it's clearer than anything my sorcerous vision could show me,” she explained quietly.
“That ugly, eh?” Robert grunted. “I'll understand if you want to poke your own eyes out.” Sayana couldn't help but laugh softly, a joy mixed with tears as life, love and loss all combined to make her feel very strange indeed. Then a solemn duty dawned on her, something they couldn't delay any longer.
“Criosa should be told,” she said sadly, both of their smiles fading at the prospect of delivering bad news.
“Let's get it over with then,” Robert agreed, putting his arm around her and leading her from the balcony. She took a last look around the tower as they left through the magic door which bypassed the lower levels. There was no way back inside, so the tower would sit, quietly and in darkness, empty for the rest of time.

*           *           *

It was a day later when they finally arrived at Fairloch, having bought a fine horse from a friendly farmer to speed their journey. They eventually found soon-to-be-crowned Queen Criosa staying at the most opulent place in the city. Fairloch was gradually being restored to order after the devastation, the citizens going about the arduous task of rebuilding knowing they were free from Tulsonite oppression and their mad king at last. Their future was their own to determine, with Criosa humbly offering leadership and guidance.
Robert and Sayana stopped at a statue being erected in the center of the city, a beautifully carved monument to Dame Nellise Sannemann, the savior of Fairloch. The likeness was remarkable, and contrary to Robert's earlier remarks, it seemed the people would at least remember her for something. 
At learning the fate of Aiden, the queen burst into tears. She had known there was a great risk in what they were undertaking, but to lose three people she genuinely cared for in one go was a blow anyone would have difficulty dealing with. Criosa was less upset about learning of Terinus' demise, although pleased he was able to partially atone for his actions. She still blamed the wizard for the corruption of her father and would not forgive him, even after his death.
Sayana had debated with Robert how to explain Aiden's transformation, unsure if Criosa would be able to accept the strange event. They eventually decided to be open and forthcoming, and found the queen to be fully understanding. She had spoken earlier to Aiden at some length of his ongoing change, and the idea he had changed completely was not totally abhorrent to her. She did concede, however, if Aiden had returned, the royal court might have had difficulty accepting a dragon as their Queen's consort. 
Dinner was a somber affair, with Criosa stiffly holding on to protocol in front of her guests to avoid dissolving into tears. A display of raw emotion from the new queen was not how she wanted to begin her rule of Aielund. Tomorrow, she would be officially crowned by the lords of the city and the reign of Queen Criosa the First would begin, long may she live.
After they had finished eating, Criosa excused herself from the table and, unable to hold her façade any longer, went to be alone with her grief. Sayana and Robert knew she needed time to grieve and headed out to the balcony to sit on a comfortable bench, and look up at the stars once more. 
“Damnedest thing I've ever seen,” Robert remarked about the whole affair, even as he reached into a pocket and produced a cigar.
“You have to be kidding me,” Sayana exclaimed, grabbing the offensive little object before it could touch his lips. “You promised if you survived, you’d quit smoking these things.”
“Oh come on,” he protested, “one last stogie to celebrate our victory?” Sayana gave him a withering glance, and without thinking about it she ignited the cigar in her hand, incinerating it completely.
“Wait, I thought...” Robert blurted, thinking the same thing she was. “I mean, with your tatts gone, I figured you were done throwing fire around.”
“I think that's about all I can manage, now,” she remarked, extending one finger and creating a tiny flicker of flame on the tip. “Quite a fall from grace, is it not? Never mind, I’m just grateful to be alive. Tomorrow, you're going to see whatever clerics the Church has left, and you're getting those lungs looked at. No excuses.”
“Yes ma'am,” Robert replied, attempting to stifle another cough while Sayana looked on in concern. 
“You're retiring from the field, too,” she added. “I'll talk to Criosa about finding you a nice job behind a desk.”
“Right after I track down Osric,” Robert said firmly. “The little bastard got away from us, and he's out there somewhere with Veronique's magic in his grasp. I want him captured or dead before he gets a chance to use it again.”
“No argument here,” Sayana agreed. Having reached the pinnacle of sorcerous power, she was feeling very mortal now. But even if she only lived another fifty years, it was unlikely Robert would go the distance. He was older than her already, and looking weary and scarred from years of long campaigning. Still, she loved his honest, forthright nature and rough charms, and would stay with him until the end, whenever it might be.
As they sat companionably on the bench, lights began to shoot across the sky above, flaring up for a brief moment before fading away once more. There were a few at first, but more and more began to cascade across the sky. It was a beautiful end to the evening, and made Sayana recall the wonder she felt looking up at the world from the bridge of the Akashic Throne. The sky wasn't a blanket filled with holes at all, but a vast space with untold mysteries awaiting discovery. 
“I want to learn more about what we saw up there,” Sayana whispered, leaning against Robert's chest as she watched the display of shooting stars. “It was so clear the stars seemed to go on forever, and the world… it was so beautiful to behold.” He responded with a snore, the events of the last two days finally catching up with him. She sighed as she returned her gaze to the heavens, content to rest there with the man she loved until sleep finally overcame her. 
Just as she was beginning to nod off, a flare in the sky caught her attention as an especially large shooting star shot across the sky. More and more of them followed in its wake. They did not fade away, but streaked down towards the horizon as balls of fire.
Fire.
With sudden understanding, Sayana knew what she was looking at.
“It's the remnants of the Akashic Throne,” she whispered in awe. Robert remained asleep, oblivious to the event while Sayana figured something out. Something important.
“Dragons are immune to fire,” she muttered with a smile slowly spreading across her face. She ran back inside to find Criosa, while daring to hope for the impossible.

Coda

The warmth of the late summer sun clashed with the salty ocean air, as the Redoubtable pitched about in rough seas. The glowing orb sat just above the horizon, after a day of sailing to reach this usually forbidden location. Sayana Arai leaned against Robert Black as they stood on deck, gazing across the choppy waters at a bleak and desolate island. Sayana hated returning here, but the Isle of the Dead happened to be where most of the wreckage had fallen, and it was here that Criosa commanded they travel.
Even at a distance of several hundred yards, it was clear there was nothing but twisted, blackened metal strewn across the rocky beach, with larger pieces protruding from the water along the shore. Her initial hope that Aiden might have survived the fall ended when she saw the extent of the wreckage. Even now, a full day after witnessing the fireballs shooting from the sky, smoke and fires still seethed amongst the blackened metal.
“The good news,” Robert remarked as he held Sayana close, “is that none of those horrid monsters could have survived that crash. The bad news is that neither could anything else, dragon or otherwise.”  He was speaking not just to Sayana, but to Criosa, who stood nearby, gazing at the scene without emotion.
“I just needed to see it for myself.” she said without emotion.
“Perhaps we could go ashore and search it more thoroughly?” Sayana suggested, looking at Criosa with concern. Her silence since arriving off the coast had been deafening.
“That could take weeks,” Robert advised, “and we still may not find anything at all.”
“I had hoped to find Aiden,” Criosa responded distantly, her eyes never leaving the shore, “lying on the beach, or perhaps floating in the water. We could save him and let him heal, maybe even reverse the affliction taking over his body.”
“He was pretty far gone,” Robert warned. “I don't think there was any coming back from what he'd become.”
“Perhaps, though perhaps not,” Criosa suggested. “We've come this far. Is it so wrong to go ashore and spend a few days searching?”
“Your Majesty, this is indulgent,” Robert counseled gruffly. “You don't have time for this. The effort we'd spend searching for him could be better spent securing your rule in Fairloch.”
“I know,” Criosa sighed, clearly torn between finding the remains of the man she loved, and her duty to the kingdom. Robert sensed this too, and made it clear which side of the issue he was on.
 “You have to rebuild trust in both the government, and in the Crown, after your father's years of abuse,” he continued. “His less visible supporters in the government will try to disappear into the shadows and wait for a better time to act. You have to cut them out before that happens, and place people you trust in positions of power.”
“That will be your job, Mister Black,” Criosa responded, quickly switching from a forlorn girl, mourning her lost love, to the tactful leader she had become. “I need you to ferret out those people so I can put them on trial.”
“I was sort of planning on hunting down Osric,” Robert muttered, sounding disappointed that his advice was backfiring on him. 
“Don't worry, we will get him,” Criosa assured him with steely resolve. “I will commission a simple but accurate sketch of him, that we can display prominently throughout the kingdom, so people will be able to spot him when he shows up again.”
“I've memorized his face,” Sayana replied. “I like to draw, so I can probably sketch him for you. I don't exactly have much else going for me anymore.” 
“Hey, you've got me,” Robert pointed out, giving her a reassuring squeeze, while ignoring her withering expression.
“You may no longer be the most powerful sorceress who ever lived, but I'll find a job for you,” Criosa offered with a wan smile. “Something close to my side. You made a few enemies when you threw around your power over the last week or so, and I'm not sure how they'll react if they learn you've lost your abilities. I don't suppose you're good with numbers?”
“Not especially,” Sayana responded.
“Pity, I was going to put you in charge of the treasury. Never mind, I'll find someone suitable, preferably with wealthy contacts who can loan us funds, including a reward for the capture of Osric Davignon. Perhaps a thousand gold sovereigns would entice people to turn him in.”
“Do you even have that much left in the treasury?” Sayana asked as Robert's eyes seemed to bulge out of his head.
“Probably not,” Criosa lamented, “hence the need for loans. We have much to rebuild, all across the kingdom. And we can forget about building a new castle, the cost of that alone would put us in a century of debt.”
“The University was levelled as well,” Sayana pointed out. 
“Yes, though it was thankfully empty at the time,” Criosa answered. “Unfortunately, that was because most of the wizards had been pressed into service on the front lines. I've no idea how many survived.”
“And all of the knowledge built up over centuries of study was lost when the tower was destroyed,” Sayana added. 
“I had hoped to retrain a new generation of wizards, but without that knowledge, I don't even know if it’s possible,” Criosa said, rubbing one of her temples in thought. “It's going to take months to tally the real cost of this war.”
“I wish Nellise was here,” Sayana whispered to herself, though the others heard her anyway.
“I already miss her wisdom and insight,” Criosa agreed. “She was a good friend and valuable ally. She would have had the opportunity to reorganize the entire hierarchy of the Church of Aielund.”
“We may see her again in our lifetimes,” Sayana suggested, raising an eyebrow from Criosa. “She was exorcised from her body, not killed.”
“So, you're saying she's still alive in some fashion?” Criosa hesitantly asked.
“In whatever manner celestial beings exist, yes,” Sayana confirmed, drawing a slight smile from their young queen.
“That brings me a measure of comfort, at least,” she said quietly. 
“Wait,” Robert interrupted, “the cathedral was destroyed, along with most of the Church's corrupt leaders. Is there anything left to reorganize, especially after they supported your father's twisted reign so fervently?”
“A few younger priests are around, though I like to think they were not so keen on the new direction of the Church,” Criosa replied. “I'll figure something out. It's number four hundred and fifteen on my list.” Her head slumped as she realized the enormity of what she now had to do, and it was this, more than anything else, that made their new queen realize it was time to go.
“I think we're done here,” she said to nobody in particular. Her eyes lingered on the distant shoreline a moment longer, before finally letting Aiden go. “Captain, take us home. There's nothing more to see here.”
“As you wish, Majesty,” Ronan Woulfe said in reply. “Next stop, Fairloch.” He had been recently promoted by royal decree, and was dressed in the attire of a captain of the Aielish Navy. He saluted and shouted out orders to the crew, who rushed about to get the Redoubtable under way. As the sun sank below the horizon, the first of the evening stars became visible in the clear sky, and Sayana stared up at them and wondered about all she had seen up there, beyond the sky. 
“You know,” Robert pondered, “at the end of it all, Aiden had wings. Once he was back below the clouds, couldn't he have just flown off instead of crashing into the ground?”
“Assuming he was conscious, yes,” Sayana answered. Criosa looked at them with a spark of hope in her eyes, that quickly faded.
“But if that were true, why hasn't he come home?” she wondered. They had no answers, and a cursory glance at the sky showed no signs of their wayward friend. Resigned to wondering about his fate, Criosa's eyes searched the sky as the ship set off, with one hand curiously resting on her belly. 

About the Author

Stephen L. Nowland resides in Frankston, Australia, where he spends his time creating stories, games and art to astound and entertain. 

http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/sln

Further information on this novel and upcoming titles can be found at his website, and you can follow his progress on Facebook and Twitter.

https://www.facebook.com/stephenlnowland

www.stephenlnowland.com.au

@stephennowland

The Aielund Saga

Soldiers of Winter
Soldiers of Avarice
Soldiers of the Crown
Soldiers of Ruin
Soldiers of Legend
Soldiers of Tyranny
Soldiers of the Heavens

Other fantasy titles by the same author

The Ballard Trilogy

In the Wake of War
The Fortress of Gold
Upon the Ashes of Empire

Science fiction titles

Aeon

