SOLDIERS OF AVARICE
_____________________________________

AIELUND SAGA : Book 1


STEPHEN L. NOWLAND


Smashwords edition


Copyright 2011-2019 Stephen Louis Nowland
2019 Final Edition



Map Illustration by Cornelia Yoder
http://www.corneliayoder.com





The Author asserts the moral right to be
identified as the author of this work.

Table of Contents

World Map
Local Map
Foreword
Prelude
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Epilogue
About the Author



Foreword

It is a humbling thing for an author to return to their earlier work, especially for one whose career is in its infancy. When I completed this book back in 2011, under the title of Nature Abhors a Vacuum, it was an enormous personal achievement — and an enormous result. It came in just shy of 240,000 words, and I recall thinking it might not be quite long enough. 
I’ve trimmed away at this book over the years, as my understanding of pacing, tone and structure improved, yet it remained a monstrous, unwieldy novel. It’s especially important considering it’s the first story in the series, one I’ve been using to exhibit the quality of my work. 
Sooner or later, I had planned to return to the start of the saga and undertake more polishing. My editors and friends implored me to wait until the entire saga was finished and I agreed, though I chafed at the knowledge that the earlier work needed some love. I’m fortunate that as an independent author working primarily with e-books, I was afforded the opportunity to revise the series digitally. 
As I worked on revising the first novel, I kept asking myself, “What was I thinking when I wrote this?” I was astonished at how far my style has evolved over the years. My concern was that readers might not make an assumption of an improving style over the course of the series, and if they didn’t like what they read here, they wouldn’t bother to go on to find the better writing later on. 
With this new update, the now renamed Soldiers of Avarice has come down to a concise 116,000 words. The revised edition is more than simply cleaning up sentences and trimming back unnecessary words — there were issues with tone and content, especially in the early parts which needed an expert eye to spot! Having the support of professionals makes a big difference to a project like this, and I can’t thank the people at Steelsage Publishing enough for all their assistance in our brief time working together. 
The revised edition of the Aielund Saga tells the same story with fewer words, and a greater focus on what’s important. I hope you enjoy reading this revised edition as much as we enjoyed bringing it to you.

Prelude

As grey dawn light filtered through the forest canopy, the rangers were on the prowl. Their footfalls were silent in the morning mist, where the only sounds were drops of rain pattering on leaves and birdsong echoing through the forest. Although there were three rangers creeping through the brush, their camouflage cloaks made them almost invisible to the untrained eye. Amid the tall forest oaks, they had no equal.
Ahead, a log cabin with smoke wafting from its chimney stood partially concealed by brush, with two men working near a fire in the dim morning light, unaware they were being watched. The lead ranger on this hunt was known as Colt, a youthful man but with enough experience to take care of this grisly bit of work. He was huge, over six feet tall with broad shoulders and heavy muscle. His square jaw was covered in thick bristle, and some in the Royal Rangers had likened him to a strategically shaved bear, though never to his face, of course. He had a reputation for being short tempered and grumpy, which only added to the unfortunate comparison.
Colt held up one hand to signal for his two companions to halt, judging their distance to the cabin close enough to observe without being noticed. The big ranger watched the two men at the cabin work, quickly skinning a deer as if they knew their time was limited. Colt glanced to his left and exchanged a glance with Duncan, his friend and comrade. His eyes glinted from beneath his olive green hood and the bow in his hands was ready to shoot. Neither of them had any love for game poachers.
To his right was the third ranger, a young lady named Sally, only six months into her service. What she lacked in experience, she made up for in genuine talent, for it was she who had spotted this group of poachers hiding on the King's game reserve. This was only her third outing and likely the first time her bow would have to draw blood, though if they pulled this off correctly, the loss of life would be minimised. The rangers were not killers. 
Slowly, silently, Colt drew his greatsword, a 5-foot monster of a blade he preferred, mostly for its intimidation value and with a gesture, he signalled his companions to loose their arrows. The clothyard shafts flew through the air with hardly a sound but a shift in position at last moment saved the first poacher's life as Duncan's arrow narrowly missed its mark and lodged into the cabin wall. Fortunately, Sally's shot struck true. 
The injured man staggered backward, clutching at his wounded arm and his sudden cry of pain went up like an alarm bell. Cursing under his breath, Colt burst out from the brush and barrelled forward with sword in hand, aiming to take down the uninjured man before he could make a run for it. His plan was thwarted when the injured poacher, less hurt than he appeared, grabbed a sword with his other hand and swung it at Colt as he lumbered past. 
The big man managed to turn the blade's edge aside with his own, and halted his advance to respond with a solid kick to the poacher's gut. 
“I'm on him,” Sally advised as she rushed over and levelled her bow at the man writhing on the ground. Duncan dashed past them both, in pursuit of their other quarry who had bolted when Colt was preoccupied, leaving him with one last clear objective. A flicker of movement in the cabin's window revealed the primary target of their mission had become aware of the situation, forcing Colt to act fast.
He charged shoulder-first into the cabin's door, shattering the wood around the lock as he burst inside. A quick scan of the room revealed a spacious, well-appointed interior warmed by the crackling fire. Standing next to a second window on the other side of the room was a middle-aged man of regal bearing wearing expensive leathers, appearing to be about to climb out and make a run for it.
“Lord Fairchild,” Colt growled while holding his threatening sword. “Most people use the door, but go ahead. I'll tell everyone you were caught with your arse hanging half out the window while you were trying to run like a coward.”
“Not likely,” Lord Fairchild answered firmly, his hand drifting towards the hilt of a fine singlesword sheathed on his hip. The hand froze in place when Colt shook his head, warning of dire consequences should those fingers touch the leather-wrapped hilt. From outside the cabin, the sound of a scuffle could be heard, shortly followed by Duncan's voice clearly asking for the other poacher to surrender.
“Well, now that we have your associates in custody, there's two ways for this to go for you,” Colt explained confidently. “Poaching in the King's game reserve is punishable with ten years in the stockade. You can be smart and surrender, or you can try your luck with my big friend here.”
“Do you have a preference?” Lord Fairchild muttered, his hand still hovering within inches of his blade. Colt was about to answer with his sword, but hesitated as the image of a lovely woman with golden curls tumbling around her shoulders appeared in his mind.   
“You know, a few years ago and I wouldn't have even started a conversation with you,” the big ranger confided, surprised at himself at the change in attitude he'd undergone lately. “Never was one for talkin', especially with a rich crook like you. But there's someone special I don't want to disappoint, so today's your lucky day. One way or the other I'll be dragging you back to the Lodge in one piece, so I'll leave it up to you to decide if you want to keep your dignity.”
Fairchild stared daggers at Colt for a long, tense moment before his hand slowly inched towards the clasp on his sword belt, which resulted in his weapon clattering to the floor. 
“Sanity prevails,” Colt grunted, cautiously approaching the man to fasten iron manacles around his extended wrists. Duncan and Sally re-joined him with their own prisoners similarly shackled and quickly chained them together in a line.
“This isn't over,” the nobleman purred. 
“I'm sure you think you can buy your way out of this one,” Colt remarked, “but seizing royal lands while the King is out of the country might be considered treason.” Sally drew a finger across her throat and made a choking sound to back up the implication.
“These are my family's hereditary lands,” Fairchild warned. “We shall see who is made a fool of.” 
“Keep your mouths shut and start marching,” Duncan ordered, prodding their prisoners towards the door. Colt maintained a stern visage as the grim procession left the cabin.
“Are you right to clean up this mess?” Colt asked of Sally as he gathered up weapons and equipment, then looked in dismay at the remains of the deer.
“It's all part of the job,” she sighed, rolling up her sleeves as she prepared to finish what the poachers had started. “We can't bring them back to life, but at least we can use all of their parts so it doesn't go to waste.”
“You're gonna go a long way in the Rangers,” Colt remarked, giving her an awkward pat on the shoulder with a free hand. “I'm glad the King's army didn't snatch you away.”
“Well, I didn't see a lot of women in their ranks,” Sally pointed out. “I'm surprised they didn't take you, though.”
“The commander cut a deal to keep a bare minimum here,” Colt explained. “Can't have bandits and thieves stealing His Majesty's game now can we? After today, we've justified that decision. It's a win for everyone – well, except those bastards what done this.”
“You know, you've changed since we first met,” Sally mused with a faint hint of a smile. “I could swear you were going to behead the one I shot in the arm, but you held back.”
“A kick in the gut seemed like less work. I'm pretty lazy, you know.”
“And I don't think I've even heard you swear or get drunk for at least a month,” Sally added. “I'm wondering if a certain lady is having a positive influence on you.”
“What can I say, she's making a better man out of me,” Colt answered with a grin. 
“Not a job I'd sign on for. I hope you realise how bloody lucky you are, mate.”
“I sure do,” Colt agreed ruefully. “I don't know what I did to get her attention and I hope I don't mess this up.”
“You want to take her some flowers or something?” Sally suggested.
“Nah, she'd be horrified that I pulled them out of the ground.”
“Well, whatever you do, don't just wait around for me when there's more interesting things you could be doing,” she replied with a wink. Colt stifled a laugh and instead nodded his thanks, then hurried to catch up to Duncan to escort their captives back to the Ranger Lodge further north. Though he didn't shirk his duties watching the prisoners, his mind wandered to the lady who'd seen something in him, a rough-and-tumble brawler from the streets who joined the rangers just to get out of town to avoid arrest for enjoying a bar fight a little too much for the copper's liking. She was too good for him, of that he had no doubt.
After an hour of trudging through the cold forest, they finally arrived back at the Lodge, a huge two-storey cabin where the western chapter of the Royal Rangers had kept watch over the wilds for centuries. The building normally housed two dozen men and women, but now only eight remained to fulfil their duty to the Crown. 
“I'll report in while you see to their accommodations,” Colt instructed his companion, but Duncan, who had been looking in through one of the Lodge's windows, suddenly appeared uncomfortable. 
“I'll swap you jobs,” he offered hastily, drawing a curious look from the big ranger. 
“I led, I should report in,” he insisted, already walking to the door. “Get them secure then come join us if you've something to add.” Duncan's mouth hung open as if trying to find the words, but nothing came out. Colt shrugged at his friend's odd behaviour as he stepped inside, only to discover what Duncan had been trying to say.
Commander Armin of the Royal Rangers, an experienced officer well-respected by his troops was embracing a tall, elegant lady dressed in the same camouflage leathers as the rest of them, her head topped with tumbling golden curls. Their lips were locked together in a prolonged kiss, which stopped Colt cold in his tracks. Sensing they were not alone, the two turned to gape at Colt's unexpected appearance in their midst.
“Colt, you're back early,” Armin blurted as the two of them stepped back. “Mona and I were -”
“I bloody well saw what you were doing,” Colt roared as a surge of anger rose from within with such force he felt his face turn bright red. His thundering voice was followed by silence, and a red mist descended over Colt's vision. He stepped forward slowly and felt his hand curl into a fist.

*          *          *

Colt's breath came in short gasps as he left the Lodge some time later. The passage of time had no meaning for him as he staggered about, trying to breathe with a dead weight in his chest, like his heart had literally been ripped out. For some reason his right hand also hurt, though it hardly mattered now. 
“Are you alright?” Duncan asked hesitantly, keeping his distance as Colt tried to balance himself. Two other rangers dashed into the Lodge to see what had happened.
“I... that cheating bastard,” Colt stammered, leaning against a thick tree as a whirlwind of thoughts and emotions crashed through his mind. “He knew Mona and I had a thing together, how could he do this to me?”
“Colt, what did you do?” Duncan asked cautiously, looking down at the big ranger's bloodied hand. 
“Something stupid,” he croaked, unable to look his friend in the eye. “The commander's fine, just a bit bloodied is all. Look, I gotta go, he's put me on leave for a while.”
“Leave? We're undermanned as it is, how long are you going away for?” 
“The rest of my life, probably?” Colt answered with a cynical laugh. He spied Mona in the window of the cabin, peering out at him with a look of cold disdain, and the stabbing pain in his chest confirmed he'd made a terrible mistake. All of his insecurities about who he was and who he used to be came rushing back from the dark place he kept them buried within, and he couldn't face any of it.
“I've made a mess of things, Duncan,” he grunted, fighting to keep control of himself. “Best I get out of here as quick as I can before I get chained up alongside those bloody poachers. Gonna get myself a drink or two back in town and think about stuff. Take care of yourself mate.” Duncan could only watch in disbelief as Colt lumbered off through the forest, certain he'd made a mess of everything and unable to turn back for one last look at the woman who had twice changed his life.

Prologue

To Pacian, work was a four-letter word. There was nothing he enjoyed more than dozing in a field on a sunny day like today, far enough from home so his parents couldn’t assign him any chores or punish him for failing to do yesterday’s. In spite of his obvious laziness, Pacian never liked being called out on it, and went to great lengths to prove otherwise. 
“This is why you dragged me out here?” his friend Aiden complained, as they looked across a field of long grass. Aiden had dark hair, blue eyes, and wore a simple homespun tunic and trousers. “My brothers will be leaving home soon, and I want to be there before they go.”
“This won’t take long,” Pacian assured him, “and family’s overrated anyway. It’s time for a rematch! Unless you think you’re going to lose anyway…”
“I was expecting something else for my birthday, but hey, you’re on,” Aiden unexpectedly responded. “I reckon turning thirteen makes a difference, so I’ll bet you a copper jack I beat you to the forest.”
“Come on, make it a proper bet or it’s not worth the bother,” Pacian countered, trying to bluff his way out of the race without appearing like he was trying to get out of it, a fact Aiden appeared to be well aware of. 
“Okay, three coppers,” Aiden pressed, much to Pacian’s dismay. He wasn’t going to con his way out of it this time. 
Resigned to proving his mettle, Pacian lined up next to Aiden and moments later, they were both speeding through the long grass towards the tree line. While he began with a burst of speed, Pacian fell behind as Aiden, his dark hair flying wildly behind him, slowly inched his way past and gradually left his friend far behind.
Aiden stumbled out of the field and leaned against a tree, his chest burning from the effort as he grinned breathlessly at his mate, who had apparently been unable to keep up with Aiden’s newfound speed.
“Pay up,” Aiden demanded between breaths. Pacian merely waved dismissively at him as he staggered to a halt, unwilling to waste his breath by shouting across the dozen yards that remained between them. 
The two boys had been friends since they were small; their friendship was a source of some concern to Aiden’s parents, as Pacian had a knack for getting into trouble when Aiden happened to be with him. 
“I let you win, since it’s your birthday,” Pacian explained casually, taking the time to tidy up his short blond hair and absently brush non-existent dirt from his tunic. “Any other day, I would have beaten the pants off you.”
Aiden laughed scornfully, knowing that Pacian’s pride wouldn’t permit him to admit defeat, but he decided to play along with this little fiction to spare his friend’s feelings. 
“Okay, enough fun,” Aiden sighed as the laughter subsided. “If I stay away any longer, my parents are going to notice.”
“Before we go back,” Pacian responded, “I wanted to show you something.” He started walking into the forest.
“But … but that’s the Cairnwood,” Aiden stammered, gazing with trepidation at the dark shadows in the thick forest. “We’re not supposed to go in there.” 
“I don’t see anything dangerous about trees, do you?” Pacian asked, looking around innocently.
“You’ve heard the stories,” Aiden reminded him. “There’s something in there besides trees. Something bad.”
“Such as?” his blond friend prompted. 
Aiden was at a loss. All his parents had ever told him was that Cairnwood was a dangerous place, and sometimes people who went in there never came out again. He was never told anything specific, such as if they were eaten by bears, or ghosts, or possibly the dreaded Ghost Bear Pacian had once told him about.
“Look, we’re only going in a little way,” Pacian confided. “You’re not scared, are you?” Despite knowing better, Aiden was thirteen now, practically a man, and would not stand for being called a coward. 
“Of—of course not,” he stammered in reply. Pacian grinned, then turned and walked into the forest with Aiden following cautiously behind him, suppressing any feelings of trepidation at leaving the sunlight behind and focusing on keeping up with his friend. 
They walked among the thick trunks for some time, footsteps muffled by the fallen leaves of late autumn that lay in a thick blanket on the soft grass. For a place that was forbidden to them, Cairnwood seemed pleasant enough, though Aiden couldn’t shake the feeling that they weren’t supposed to be here. 
The wind blew gently through the boughs, and the sounds of birds could be heard in the distance, all contributing to a sense of peace. Aiden was about to ask how much further they had to go when he suddenly felt the sensation of floating in the air, quickly followed by an explosion of pain on his chin that stunned him. 
The next few moments were a blur as he tumbled and crashed downwards, finally coming to a stop on a hard, rocky surface. Bewildered and smarting from half a dozen scrapes and bruises, Aiden struggled to clear his head. The daylight had disappeared, except for a small shaft coming from above to pierce the darkness.
“Aiden, are you okay?” Pacian yelled from above. Slowly, Aiden raised himself on shaky legs, relieved to find that he hadn’t broken any bones in his fall.
“Yeah … I think so,” he called up to his friend, a tremor in his voice. Aiden judged it to be around twenty feet straight up, and guessed that it might be an old, long-forgotten well. 
The damp, pungent soil of the walls was interspersed with rock, and Aiden felt lucky he hadn’t cracked his head against one on the way down. To one side he felt a gentle breath of wind, and reaching out, he felt an opening in the soil around three feet wide. 
“These walls feel don’t feel very solid,” he called. “I don’t think I can climb back out without help.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes!” Aiden cried in exasperation.
“How about I find some rope?” Pacian hedged. Aiden found his reluctance baffling, until it dawned on him that they had ditched their chores and entered Cairnwood without permission, and Pacian was responsible. 
Knowing his unreliable friend, he wasn’t about to own up to any wrongdoing unless Aiden was in real danger. Apparently falling into a deep hole and injuring himself didn’t qualify.
“Okay, go and get some rope, but hurry,” Aiden relented.
Pacian sprang into action. “I’ll be back before you know it. Wait here!” 
Aiden groaned inwardly at the poor attempt at humor, but at least help was on the way. Aside from the light streaming in from above, there was only blackness before him, and he shuddered to think what else might be beyond the hole in the earth. He crouched against the wall, too scared to leave the shaft of light and trying not to think about it.
As his eyes adjusted to the deep gloom before him, Aiden thought he saw a soft blue radiance in the dark. He looked at it for a few minutes until, curiosity getting the better of him, he crawled towards it, judging the light to be only a few yards inside the hole. Small rocks on the ground gouged his knees as he felt his way forward, but after brushing some earth aside, he felt a smooth, solid surface underneath him, almost as if it were made of metal.
Aiden reached the dim blue light and discovered it was coming from something on the floor, a globe of light no larger than his fist. He reached out and grasped the sphere, and the instant all of his fingers came into contact with it, Aiden’s senses were assailed by the bright light of a mountain top far away.

*          *          *

With a coil of rope over his shoulder, Pacian slowly crept through the shadows of old man Clifford’s barn, his ears pricked for the sound of approaching footsteps. Deep voices reached his ears, two men casually chatting with each other, unaware of the boy stealing their belongings only a few yards away. 
Pacian’s stomach was starting to churn with worry, for he had been gone for half an hour and if Aiden was badly injured, Pacian was going to take the blame for it. Spurred on by the thought, he hurried to the doors and peered through the gap, noticing with alarm that two farmers were heading straight for the barn. Glancing around frantically, Pacian dashed behind a nearby cart laden with hay just as the men came through. 
He watched them stroll past, talking about repairing some of the rickety barn walls and other boring matters while Pacian eyed the doors, wondering if he could make it out without being seen. The farmers walked further into the barn, with the older of the two pointing out areas where the wood was rotted or broken, and Pacian finally saw his chance to move. 
With slow, measured footsteps, he emerged from hiding and crept towards the open doors, but as he stepped out into the afternoon sun, a cry of alarm came from one of the farmers, who’d turned around at precisely the wrong moment and spotted him on the way through.
Pacian bolted without a second thought, threading his way through the cluttered yard, almost stepping on an unsuspecting chicken in the process. With his heart racing, he dashed through a flurry of startled birds, trying to avoid clumps of foul-smelling waste on the ground until he finally cleared them on his way out into the fields beyond, leaving the sounds of angry grownups far behind. 
He was completely out of breath by the time he reached the hole Aiden had fallen through, and collapsed on the ground next to it, puffing hard and shuddering at the ridiculous amount of exercise he’d endured today. 
“I’m here,” he called down into the hole once he’d caught his breath. “I’ll tie off the rope and throw it down to you.” He knotted it around the nearest tree, feeling the rough rope burning his soft hands as he handled it, then tossed the loose end down to his stranded friend, but there was no response from the darkness.
“Aiden?” Pacian called, worrying that he was too late. No answer was forthcoming, but as he peered into the darkness, Pacian thought he saw a dim blue light. Curious and concerned, he clambered down the rope and soon discovered a small cave, and his friend standing with his back to the entrance.
“Aiden? I’m here,” Pacian said, his voice echoing along the walls. The blue light seemed to be coming from something Aiden was holding. Pacian peered over his shoulder and saw a glowing blue sphere in Aiden’s hands, and when Pacian lightly touched his shoulder, Aiden lurched forward as if he’d been hit by something. 
The sphere fell from his grip and shattered on the ground, and with Aiden off-balance, he landed right on top of it, his hands instinctively extended to break his fall. He cried out in pain as shards from the broken sphere dug into his hands, and as Pacian went to help him, the blue light flickered and faded, but not before Pacian saw a look of absolute horror stamped on Aiden’s face.

Chapter One

A splash of cold water fell on Aiden’s forehead from the leaky roof above, jolting him out of his nightmare. Surrounded by near-darkness, he scrambled from his bed and made for a crack of light coming through the drawn curtains. The gray light of pre-dawn was enough to remind him of where he was, and the ever-present sound of rain on the roof tiles soothed his racing heart. He unconsciously rubbed his right hand, the memory of a large piece of glass sliding into his flesh all too real after the dream.
The dark foreboding associated with his nightmare quickly diminished, as it always did; he had become used to enduring it every few nights. The vision was as powerful now as it was the day he had fallen in that hole over five years ago, and something he tried to forget during his waking hours. Whether it was — the shock that had burned it into his mind, or an after-effect of whatever strange magic was involved — Aiden always experienced the memory as if it had happened yesterday.
Blankets shifting on the bed across the small room let Aiden know his roommate was stirring. 
“Has it stopped raining yet?” Pacian asked in a drowsy voice.
“Nope,” Aiden whispered curtly. “Go back to sleep, mate.” 
Almost immediately, a light snoring sound began emanating from the bed. Pacian had changed in many ways over the past few years, but he could still fall asleep at a moment’s notice.
A rooster crowed somewhere in town, hinting at the approach of dawn. Resigning himself to remaining awake, Aiden stretched and then dressed himself against the room’s bitter cold.
He absently touched a small piece of broken glass hanging around his neck from a simple string, the sharp edges smoothed off for safe wearing. This was the very piece that had been removed from his hand after he was finally rescued from the hole that day. While his mother had let loose some scathing words about wandering off without telling anyone, Aiden’s father had said nothing, instead fashioning the glass into a necklace and giving it to him to keep as a memento of his ordeal. 
More than that, it was a reminder that his curiosity had cost him his last moments with his brothers. Both of them had signed up as caravan guards and left before he was rescued, only to die protecting their wagons against a bandit raid later that year. That cave had cost him his last chance to ever see them alive again, and had a hand in estranging him even further from his parents.
He pulled back the curtain at the tiny window in the inn’s room and leaned against the frame, peering out at the small town of Bracksford as the sky brightened. Heavy clouds persisted over the rural community, and the rain cast a pall over the otherwise scenic view. Aiden pulled on his longcoat in anticipation of a soaking and crept over to the door, turning the handle slowly to leave the room without waking Pacian.
He walked down the short hallway and took the stairs to the common room of the Bracksfordshire Arms Inn, the comfortable and, more importantly, affordable establishment where the two friends had been stranded for weeks. 
When he and Pacian had shown up at the town gates, they hadn’t realized the entire place was about to be sealed by order of the mayor, effectively ending their expedition shortly after it had begun. 
Answers to their inevitable questions, such as “Why?” and “Are you mad?,” were not forthcoming, except that the mayor deemed such measures necessary. There was a rumor going around, as they do in small towns, that bandits were killing anyone unfortunate enough to wander outside the town gates. Nobody had yet confirmed this, of course, leaving the population of sixty or so villagers in a state of perpetual anxiety. 
In spite of the early hour, the common room had its share of patrons, sitting in comfortable chairs under the flickering lamplight. Bracksfordshire was a farming region spread over a hundred square miles, with many small communities dotted throughout. 
Even if there was little work to be done in the fields, farmers were in the habit of rising early. Aiden recognized several of then residents sitting around the common room, people he’d come to know quite well, as one does when stranded in a small town with nowhere to go.
There was Jim Clifton, a wheat farmer of advancing years, who grumbled to anyone within earshot about the loss of his crops. It was hard to avoid a conversation with the man, given the tight quarters, and Aiden knew more about wheat farming than any one man needed to. 
Laura Patel, a lovely young lady more suited to a thriving city than hard country living, ran a clothing store across the street, and had done a brisk business in cloaks and longcoats at the start of the bad weather. Her stock was now depleted, and with the town closed off, she was unable to bring in more. 
Aiden had seen her here every morning for weeks, and had had the dubious honor of watching her attitude change from charming and helpful to angry and pessimistic. Her dour mood was shared by many of the locals, who did not relish the continued lockdown of the town gates.
Along with a few other farmers and shop owners, these people were huddled around the fire for warmth and to dry their clothes after the dash through the rain to reach the inn. The musty smell of wet clothing and damp skin was ever-present, although the innkeeper apparently had had the brilliant idea of attempting to mask the odor by burning scented candles at the bar. Aiden nodded in silent greeting to some of the locals as he passed the fireplace on his way to the counter. 
“Mornin’, Aiden.” Tom, the burly innkeeper, greeted him as Aiden pulled up a stool. Tom’s thick beard was iron grey and did a fine job of disguising heavy jowls, though it couldn’t conceal the stress he was under of late. “You’re up early today.”
“I’m too tired to sleep, if that makes any sense,” Aiden mumbled. 
The innkeeper grunted in appreciation while wiping down the counter with a cloth. “I think everyone in this room knows what you mean. Well, except her, maybe.” 
He nodded to a young woman of remarkable beauty seated close to the other end of the bar, warming her hands on a steaming cup of broth. Aiden had seen her around the inn before, but never had the courage to speak to her. Unlike most of the other patrons, the town’s plight never seemed to bother her.
She had long, flowing hair that seemed blonde, but was so pale as to be almost white. Delicate features matched her graceful movements — the way she blew on the hot cup of liquid to cool it, the thoughtful expression that crossed her face as she pondered what Aiden guessed were deep thoughts, and the way she smiled at him when it became obvious she was being stared at by a young man of about Aiden’s age, height, and appearance.
He snapped his head straight back to the innkeeper, suddenly aware that he’d been staring at her again. Tom smiled knowingly, though he tactfully refrained from commenting, except to offer breakfast. The options available were slim, so Aiden settled for something simple and then sought to engage the man in conversation.
“It was a good idea to use those scented candles to cover the smell,” he remarked. “It’s starting to get a little pungent in here.”
“Oh, that wasn’t my idea,” Tom replied, nodding meaningfully to the other end of the bar. “I’ll go make your breakfast.”
Aiden noticed the lovely young woman smiling at him again, having overheard what Tom had said. “I think we’ve all had enough of that smell, so I thought a few scented candles might be a pleasant change,” she confided. When she spoke, her voice was crisp, clear, and well-educated. In the dimly-lit room, her light brown eyes seemed to shine like gold as the firelight danced over her features.
“They won’t last, though,” the young woman continued. “I only brought a few with me from Culdeny, and packed them as an afterthought. If I had known we’d all be stranded here for a month, I’d have brought a full sack.”
“If we’d have known we’d be stuck inside for that long, none of us would have come here in the first place,” Aiden remarked ruefully. “I certainly have places I need to be.”
“Most of us here do, I suspect. Bracksfordshire relies quite heavily on trade.” She paused for a moment. “My name is Nellise Sannemann, by the way.”
“I’m Aiden Wainwright. Nice to meet you.”
“The feeling is mutual, Aiden,” Nellise replied, smiling warmly. “Wainwright, is it? Do you make wains and wagons for a living?”
“My father does, yes. Third generation. I don’t really have much to do with it, though.”
“Not following in your father’s footsteps?” she inquired politely.
“He and I have a difference of opinion about that,” Aiden answered diplomatically. 
“Ah, the expectations of a loving parent versus the child who yearns for a different life. This is not so uncommon. I hope you left home on good terms.” 
“I … things were a little heated,” Aiden admitted. “I don’t really want to go into detail; the wounds are still pretty fresh.”
“Of course,” Nellise offered in hushed tones. “Any other family? Brothers or sisters?”
“Not anymore,” Aiden said after a brief hesitation. “Money was tight a few years ago ,so my two brothers signed up as caravan guards. They didn’t live to see the end of the year.”
“I’m so sorry,” Nellise offered sympathetically. 
“A lot of young people lost their lives that year,” Aiden said, to dismiss any lingering concerns. “One family in our neck of the woods lost eight sons. It took a crackdown from the Crown to restore order after the bandit raids, but the damage had been done.”
“I recall hearing about it; a terrible time,” Nellise agreed. After a moment’s silence, she went on. “I’ve heard you’re quite the jack-of-all-trades around here, repairing fences, stitching clothes, running errands and whatnot. I wonder though, what your actual profession is.”
“So do I,” Aiden murmured under his breath. 
“You’re deflecting,” Nellise remarked shrewdly. 
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“All right; keep your secrets for now, Mister Wainwright.” Nellise relented with a smile as she continued to study his face. “You’re not exactly sure what your path is either, are you?”
Aiden looked at her in surprise, her words hitting very close to the mark. “How did you know that?” 
“You’re not hard to read, Aiden,” Nellise explained. “I have a knack for that sort of thing. I do apologize if I’m being too nosey, by the way. It’s nice to have some pleasant conversation for a change.”
“It’s quite all right; I know what you mean.” 
At that moment, a small girl, roughly eight years of age, with auburn hair appeared behind the bar, carrying a plate of food which she placed on the wooden counter in front of Aiden. 
“Your breakfast is done, sir,” she said cheerfully. He thanked her and offered a brief compliment for the quality, and the girl’s beaming smile lit her whole face.
“Now that’s service,” Aiden quipped, drawing a quiet laugh from Nellise as the girl hurried back to the kitchen. “Sorry to interrupt our conversation, but this plate of food and I have a prior engagement.”
“Oh, of course. Enjoy your breakfast, for it may be the last decent one you have for some time.”
Aiden’s fork stopped a few inches from his open mouth as he looked at Nellise and raised an eyebrow.
 “Word hasn’t spread yet, but the basement here flooded last night, ruining a lot of supplies,” she whispered to his unspoken question. “I’ve heard of a few other houses with the same problem, meaning our weeks of remaining food just turned into days. If Olaf doesn’t open up the gates soon, the townsfolk are going to start rioting.” 
“Olaf?” 
“The mayor,” Nellise clarified. “I spoke with him two days ago about opening the gates, but he flatly refused. He’s not usually this stubborn, to be honest. Very strange.”
Aiden blinked at her, then slowly returned his focus to the food before him, which suddenly tasted like the best thing he’d ever eaten. He was nearing the end of his meal when a man strode up next to him at the counter and slammed down a large wooden mug. The distinct aroma of stale beer and body odor washed over Aiden.
“Beer me, Tom,” the man said in a low, gruff voice. The innkeeper strode over to the counter from the bench where he’d been preparing food and looked the newcomer straight in the eye. 
“All right, but this is the last one, Colt.” 
“It’s the last one when I say it’s the last one,” the gruff man retorted. “Now fill ’er up.” Tom shook his head, but proceeded to fill the mug from a tap behind the counter.
“A little early in the morning to be drinking, isn’t it?” Nellise asked Colt.
“Since I never slept, I don’t think it matters,” he grunted in reply. 
“You can’t hide from your problems like this,” she counseled, her voice conveying genuine concern. 
Colt’s face, which had the sluggish, unfocused look of the professional drinker, suddenly focused on Nellise with alarming clarity. “You think I like sitting around in this bloody inn, getting drunk off my arse? It’s not like there’s anything else to do.” 
He quaffed his mug of beer quickly and slammed it down on the counter. “Another!”
“I told you that was the last one,” the innkeeper reminded him, crossing his arms. He might have been past forty years of age and carrying a lot of extra weight, but Tom didn’t show any fear of a rowdy drunkard in his bar. Aiden hoped his confidence wasn’t misplaced, for he guessed Colt could probably make an innkeeper-skinned rug from the fellow if he really wanted.
“Don’t start holding back on me now, mate,” Colt growled. “I’ve still got a ways to go before the room starts spinning. So keep ’em coming, I say.” 
“No, you don’t seem to get it,” Tom informed him patiently. “I’m not holding back because I think you’re getting drunk.” In one movement, he hefted a keg onto the counter and pried open the top. “I told you it was the last one. As in, we’re out of beer.” 
Colt’s eyes suddenly grew wide with understanding. He leaned forward and looked into the keg, then back at the innkeeper.
“Hang on a moment. Are you telling me you’re out of beer?”
“Yes, and out of just about everything else too,” Tom added patiently. “Was expecting a shipment from Culdeny a few days ago, but of course, the town is sealed. So if you’ve got a problem, I suggest you take it up with the mayor.” 
With that, he turned away to where the little girl was chopping up tired-looking carrots near the kitchen.
Colt watched him go, and then slumped down in a seat, appearing thoroughly dejected. After a few moments of awkward silence, Aiden decided to break the ice.
“So, what’s your story?” he asked, smiling faintly to show he appreciated the absurdity of the question. Colt turned a pair of baleful, bloodshot green eyes toward him, ignoring his smile. 
“And you are...?”
“My name’s Aiden. You're Colt, which I assume is a family name?” 
Colt remained silent. The burly man was unshaven, with short dark hair and a heavy jaw, but his age was difficult to guess. He was dressed in grimy leathers, dyed green and brown in various places. 
 “Is there some special reason you’re talking to me?” Colt finally responded, his voice hoarse from too much ale. Or perhaps not enough? It was hard to tell. “If it’s companionship you want, I’m sure Nellise will talk your ears off, and she’s a lot better looking than I am.”
“Better smelling, too,” Nellise observed quietly.
“I’m sorry if I’m disturbing you —” Aiden continued, but was interrupted by the belligerent man.
“You are. Bugger off.” 
“Charming,” Aiden murmured, sensing the end of the conversation. He noticed the small girl looking expectantly at him, so he took out his coin purse and tossed two copper pieces onto the counter. 
“Thank you, and have a nice day,” she declared in the uncertain voice of someone new to dealing with customers. 
“That was well done, Aislin,” Tom called to his little girl, who ruined the professionalism of the moment with a delighted giggle, a stark contrast to the leaden mood of just about everyone in the common room. 
“It’s been nice chatting with you both, but I have a prior engagement to attend,” Aiden announced as he stood, silently eager to be away from the smelly oaf seated next to him.
“About time,” Colt grunted, evidently feeling the same way.
“Lovely to meet you, Aiden,” Nellise said with a meaningful look at Colt, who seemed oblivious to the point she was trying to make. Aiden gave them both a curt nod and headed for the door, raising the hood of his longcoat as he went.
The streets had been reduced to a quagmire of mud, which was uncommon at this time of year. Most of the buildings in the area had been built higher off the ground, and those that weren’t made extensive use of sandbags to keep the waters at bay.
By now, the mid-winter sun was beginning to appear over the eastern horizon, the only glimpse of it anyone in town would have for the rest of the day. The rain was light yet unrelenting, and a faint wind sent droplets spattering into Aiden’s face.
His destination was an ordinary house not far from the inn. It was a large building by the standards of Bracksford, two stories high and featuring a beautifully carved wooden entrance that retained most of its original elegance, despite the apparent age of the place. He had been waiting for this day for weeks, and so it was with a great deal of anticipation that Aiden stepped under the veranda and knocked on the door. 
“Good morning, who is it?” came a weathered voice as the door opened and an old man peered through. He wore gold-rimmed spectacles, a fine blue tunic and trousers, and sported a neatly-trimmed white beard. His skin was fair, and his eyes sparkled with enthusiasm for some project he was working on. 
“Good morning Dale; it’s just me, Aiden. Again,” he responded. 
A look of recognition passed over the old man’s features as he focused on the young man before him. 
“Ah, you’ve returned. Nice to see you again, my boy; do come in.” He pulled the door back and Aiden stepped inside, shaking off his longcoat and draping it on the nearby coat hook. 
“Dreadful weather,” Dale observed, closing the door. “Probably the wettest season I’ve experienced since settling here eight years ago.” 
“Indeed,” Aiden answered politely, focused as he was on more interesting topics of discussion. “You’re no doubt wondering why I’m here.”
“Ah, yes; well, I imagine you’re still after that book?”
“If you still have it,” Aiden confirmed. 
The old man nodded and headed back to the dining room. “I’m not exactly turning customers away, you know,” he chuckled. 
Upon entering the lounge, Aiden was taken aback by the sheer volume of books lying on every available surface, turning the simple old house into something of a library, or more appropriately a museum. 
A musty smell permeated the place, made worse by the fact Dale kept it closed up to protect its contents from moisture. The curtains were drawn, and only an assortment of lanterns kept away the gloom. 
Other curios were dotted around the place, odd trinkets and contraptions beyond Aiden’s understanding, the largest of which was a clear glass cylinder adorned with metal plates, two yards high, standing next to Dale’s large desk. 
A clear pathway along the floor was the only way through to the desk where Dale went about his work, and then through to the fireplace, and the kitchen, both of which were understandably devoid of flammable — and valuable — materials.
“I see you’ve tidied up the place since I was last here,” Aiden observed with dry humor. 
“Oh, you noticed? You’re a sharp one,” Dale replied without a trace of sarcasm, turning briefly from his task of sorting through a small mountain of books. “Ah, here it is. I knew it would be near the surface somewhere. Now, there is the small matter of the price. I trust you’ve managed to find the coin I’ve asked for?” 
Aiden nodded and handed over his coin pouch, the contents of which Dale shook into his hand. A small fortune in silver formed a pile in his palm, representing practically all of the money Aiden had acquired in recent months.
“Splendid! I knew you wouldn’t have any trouble finding good, honest work to pay your way. Anyway, the tome is yours, sir. I do hope you can read Olde Aielish, though, or you’ve just bought yourself a rather expensive paperweight.”
“I can, actually,” Aiden assured the old fellow. 
“Where on earth did you learn it?” he asked, with a measure of incredulity. 
“Self-taught. Any time a merchant passed through Coldstream with an old book or two, I’d be sure to buy it. History was a favorite of mine, but anything with an arcane bent was always my goal. You’d be surprised what you can learn on your own if you devote a lot of time to study.”
“Yet another skill to your repertoire,” Dale remarked with admiration. “It’s rare to find such passion for learning in one so young. Did you have a particular motivation for it?”
“Yes, actually,” Aiden responded. “I encountered a strange magical object years ago and wanted to learn more about its origin, so I read as many books as I could find on arcane lore.”
“Do you still have it? The object, I mean,” Dale asked with obvious interest. “I’ve heard of such relics, and would love a closer look.”
“Only a tiny piece I’m afraid,” Aiden answered, revealing the glass shard hanging around his neck. 
“That’s a shame; I would have paid you handsomely for it. In what way was it magical?”
“It showed me a vision,” Aiden quietly explained, vividly recalling the events of that day. 
“What sort of vision?” Dale inquired curiously. 
Aiden hesitated before replying, as he was normally unwilling to speak of it. “Death,” he finally responded, with a catch in his voice. “Would you mind very much if I stayed here for a while to read? I really need to study it, and the inn has nothing but distractions.”
“By all means; stay as long as you wish,” Dale said after an awkward pause, obviously wanting to know more, but sensing Aiden’s distress on the subject. “Head in to the kitchen and find yourself a chair.” 
The kitchen was not unlike the rest of the house. Aiden had heard it said that a messy house was the sign of a creative mind, and if so, his host was very creative indeed. Aiden quickly cleared a pile of unwashed plates and pulled up a chair, opening the book as he did so, and beginning to read even before he sat down.
Alcott’s Treatise on Artifacts Most Ancient was written in gold ink upon the ancient cover. It was immediately evident that the pages were quite brittle, so he turned them with great care. Although not fluent, he had learned to pick out the important words in the language. 
The first few chapters seemed to deal with Alcott’s travels, and the things he had discovered along the way. The man had a knack for finding ancient sites of civilizations long since vanished from the world, and offered varying degrees of analysis of the devices he’d found, from the vague to the excruciatingly detailed. 
None of the listed relics had any of the information Aiden was looking for. Before it had shattered, Aiden had noticed strange symbols etched onto the glass sphere he’d found in the cave, but he had yet to encounter these symbols in any of the arcane writings he’d studied over the years. If it was a language, it was unknown to any sage who’d lived over the past two hundred years. 
Hours passed as Aiden continued leafing through the delicate pages. The assortment of discoveries the man had made was astonishing, though few of them would be considered magical. The ones that were listed as “sorcerous in origin,” or “crafted of artifice most dark,” did not exhibit the obscure script he had seen on the sphere. So far, the book had revealed to Aiden seventeen relics, recorded in six different languages, and not one of them was helpful in his task. 
When he finally reached the last chapter, it was as if he had suddenly started reading a different book. The language changed to one Aiden was unfamiliar with. Bewildered, he turned back a page and carefully read the ancient writing to find out what he had missed. 
As best he could make out, Alcott had been conferring with a colleague, with the odd name of Cylferth, concerning a relic that had been recovered from an excavation. It seemed the rest of the book was written in this strange language, and there was a diagram that piqued Aidan’s interest. 
The ink had faded terribly over the years, but enough of it was still legible enough to give an idea of the relic’s true shape. It was a small box with tiny doors that opened up on each side. 
He was about to turn the page when he saw something familiar in the corner. The diagram indicated that on one side of the box were engraved symbols, and to Aiden’s shock, he recognized them as being similar to the ones from the glass sphere.
Excited, he peered closely at the page and compared the marks there to the faint symbols on the shard hanging around his neck. There were some notes in Cylferth’s handwriting that seemed to be related, though Aiden, of course, could not read those either. 
Resisting the urge to scream in frustration, he leaned back in his chair and rubbed his eyes. “Dale, do you have a moment?” he called into the other room, where the old man had been examining the cylinder. 
“Yes; did you need something? I’m afraid I don’t have much food, in case you were hungry.”
“No, I need your professional opinion on something,” Aiden explained. “Take a look at this.” 
“What seems to be the trouble? If you’re concerned about the faded writing, I’m sorry, that’s just how the book was. No refunds.”
“No, not that. Do you recognize this language?” Aiden gestured at the strange script before him. 
Dale took a few moments to gaze at the writing. “Oh, yes, I do believe it is the language of the dwarven peoples,” he answered. “Not the most common language, but you’d be surprised how often it’s used in the relics and whatnot I deal with.” 
“So you can read this?” Aiden asked, his heart leaping at the prospect.
“After a fashion,” Dale confirmed. “Is this the page you’re having trouble with?” Aiden nodded. “Let me see... The object was dormant when first recovered, but during my first examination, I accidentally pressed one of the nodules inwards, causing glowing writing to appear on one side of the device. The writing appeared to change every thirteen seconds, and then vanished after a minute — sixty-five seconds, to be precise. How remarkable.”
“Does he mention anything else about the device, such as what happened to it?” 
Dale continued reading, flipping the page back and forth a couple of times as he went. “I’m afraid he changes topic after a while. He did mention that the device required further study, and he would write more about it eventually. Is this of particular interest to you?”
“It certainly is,” Aiden confirmed with restrained excitement. “I’ve been searching for something like this for years. Is there anything else at all that you can tell me?”
“I’m afraid not. I can’t see any further reference to this discovery. I imagine you’ll need to start looking for his next book if you want to find out more.” 
Aiden was crestfallen. “Who was this person writing in dwarvish? Where did he live?”
“A dwarf, I imagine,” the old sage chuckled. “They’re always digging around, uncovering God knows what. As for where he lived, this book is probably over two hundred years old, therefore he most likely dwelled in the old underground dwarven city of Ferrumgaard.” 
The name wasn’t familiar to Aiden, but if he could find out more information about this object, he was going there. “Where is this place?” he inquired. “I need to pay them a visit.” 
He wasn’t prepared for Dale’s reaction, which bordered on surprise. “The city used to be in what we now call the Calespur Mountains, northwest of here. I say ‘used to be’ because, I’m sorry, my boy, but Ferrumgaard was destroyed nearly a century ago.” 
Dale’s tone was almost apologetic. Aiden was dumbstruck. “From the histories I’ve read,” Dale went on, “the place was flooded when the dwarves struck an underground lake. Most of the population was drowned, and only a small percentage managed to escape in time. A terrible shame, really, for they were such accomplished artificers and engineers.” 
Aiden leaned back in his chair to digest this information. He wasn’t about to give up, but Aiden had no idea how he was going to gain entry to a fallen underground city, let alone find anything of value within. “Thanks for your help, Dale,” he sighed. “You were invaluable.” 
“Quite all right,” the old man muttered absently, shuffling back to his work. Aiden closed the book and stuffed it into his pack, then headed for the door, his head bowed in thought.
He barely noticed the rain as he walked through the flooded streets, meandering around the small town as he tried to think. His choices were quite clear: he could give up, and never find out what had really happened on that fateful day when he fell into the strange cave, or he could risk his life and quite possibly the lives of others looking for answers. 
When Aiden returned to the inn around noon, he made his way through the throng of grumbling locals until he found Pacian eating a late breakfast at a table and joined him there. His friend’s blond hair had grown longer these last few months, and was now tied back in a small tail at the nape of his neck. His dark clothing was simple and comfortable. 
“How did you finish up last night?” Aiden asked as he sat down. 
“Wet,” Pacian answered as he finished a mouthful of toast without looking up. “Helped sandbag three houses against the water; didn’t get it done until well after sunset. I gotta say, I was expecting a little more glory and money when we left home. Instead, I’m up to my calves in mud half the bloody time.”
“You’re getting paid, aren’t you?”
“A pittance, sure,” Pacian scoffed. “Why are you making me do manual labor? You know how much I hate working for a living.” 
“Well, in that case, I have good news and bad news,” Aiden answered, leaning in closer. “I found what I was looking for in that old book. I know where to go.” 
Pacian stared back at Aiden with a glimmer of hope in his eyes. “It had something about that glass sphere you dropped?” he inquired.
“Not directly,” Aiden hedged, “but remember those arcane symbols I told you about? The ones glowing around the outside? I found another object with those marked upon it.”
“I never saw those,” Pacian reminded him. 
“Just trust me, would you?” Aiden sighed. “This is important.”
“To you, maybe. I’m here because you told me we’d be making some money, and also I’m happy being away from home, even if I have to wade through muck every day.”
“I know that feeling,” Aiden agreed, recalling the final heated argument he’d had with his parents before leaving Coldstream, and knowing Pacian had experienced a similarly unpleasant departure. “Look, this clue leads to the north, so that’s where we’re heading next.”
“That might be more difficult than you think,” Pacian mumbled, his mouth full once more. “The gates have been locked for weeks now because of bandits or something. How do you figure we deal with them, or even get out of town, for that matter? These people have been trying to get back to their farms, but they can’t get past the guards. I think things are about to start getting ugly around here.”
“I’ll think of something,” Aiden muttered, leaning back in his chair. 
Pacian didn’t appear to be listening; his wide green eyes were staring over his friend’s shoulder. Aiden turned and saw Nellise standing right behind him.
“I’m sorry to eavesdrop,” she announced after clearing her throat, “but I think we have a mutual problem that needs solving.” 
Aiden exchanged a glance with Pacian, who pushed a chair away from the table with one foot, allowing her to join them.

Chapter Two

“Who’s your friend?” Nellise asked curiously, looking back at Pacian, who was still staring at her. 
“Pacian Savidge, an old mate of mine,” Aiden answered, while Pacian tried not to choke on his food. 
“You look to be about the same age,” Nellise observed. “Did you grow up together?”
“Yep,” Pacian answered, once his mouth was clear. “Someone had to keep an eye on Aiden, ’cause he’s one shifty character, always getting into trouble and whatnot.” He aimed one of his charming smiles straight at her, the kind he used on local girls to devastating effect. 
“I have the distinct impression you are describing yourself, sir,” Nellise chided, evidently aware of Pacian’s intentions. He merely laughed, unashamed at being caught at his little game.
“I presume you want to leave town as well?” Aiden interjected before they strayed too far off topic.
“I’m sure everyone here wishes to leave, for different reasons,” Nellise pointed out as she folded her hands on the table before her. “My concern is for our supplies. I’ve asked around, and it seems things are far more dire than I thought. Something has to be done about it — today.”
“Perhaps we should have a talk with the mayor?” Aiden mused. “It seems like madness to keep the place shut for so long.” 
Nellise nodded. “He is most definitely agitated about something, and refuses to listen to reason. I don’t have as much influence in this town as I’d like.” 
Aiden raised an eyebrow. “Are you someone who would normally have influence?”
“In my home town of Culdeny, I help run the local church. I’m an acolyte with the Resolute Heralds chapter of the Church of Aielund,” Nellise explained.
“Oh, I see,” Aiden replied, slightly crestfallen, though not nearly as much as Pacian. He was fairly certain that priests took a vow of chastity, or something similar. It put an end to any pondering about courting the young lady. 
“If things are as bad as you say, then we have to act,” he said conspiratorially. “Pacian and I need to head north, and the merchants have to get moving again.”
“I hear rumors amongst the locals that there are bandits preventing travel to the north,” Nellise reminded him. “If true, traveling north could result in facing armed and dangerous men.”
“Yeah we’ve heard, but we’re pretty sneaky,” Pacian said, with a wink at the lovely woman. “I’m sure we can find a way around them.”
“And then what?” Nellise pressed. “If the roads are still dangerous for merchants, the town is no better off.”
“I hope you’re not suggesting we fight them?” Aiden asked incredulously. “That’s for the town guards to deal with.”
“Not that we can’t handle ourselves, mind you,” Pacian added with a dash of bravado.
 “Most of the town guards were recruited by the king when his army swept through town recently,” Nellise pointed out, “and those who are left appear quite young and inexperienced. But I have an idea.”
She turned and gestured to Colt, who still sat at the bar nearby. He glared at her curiously for a moment before heaving his bulk off the stool.
“What?” he asked rudely. Aiden knew where this was headed, and groaned pre-emptively.
“Won’t you join us, Colt?” Nellise offered, gesturing to an empty chair. “I might have some work for you.” 
The big man seemed to consider this for a moment before accepting the invitation. “What’s the job?” he grunted, ignoring Aiden and Pacian completely. 
“If I’m not mistaken, you are wearing the attire of a Royal Ranger,” Nellise remarked, indicating his mottled green and brown leathers, which Aiden understood to be sort of a uniform for the Rangers. Colt’s leathers looked as ragged and dishevelled as the man himself. “These two young gentlemen and I wish to travel north, and require an escort.” 
“Wait, you want to come with us?” Aiden asked in surprise.
“I can hardly ask you to risk your lives if I’m not prepared to do the same,” she pointed out. 
“Well, that’s very noble of you,” Aiden responded, with a measure of admiration, before turning back to address Colt. “I should point out that we don’t have money to pay you.”
“I’m not a bloody mercenary,” he growled back. “I work for the king, so keep your coins to yourself.”
“If you’re a soldier, why aren’t you with the king’s army along with the rest of them?” Pacian asked suspiciously. 
“None of your business,” Colt grumbled with a spiteful glare. “It’s a moot point anyway, as that damn fool Olaf won’t let anyone in or out of town.”
“We’re going to see him about that,” Aiden warned, determined to find a way out.
“I went and spoke to him a few days ago myself. Told him I’d throttle the pompous bastard if he didn’t let me out of here.”
“The fact that you are still here leads me to think that you weren’t altogether successful,” Aiden observed dryly. Colt looked a little ashamed as he reluctantly nodded. 
“He called the guards on me. Took a knock to the head from one of their billy-clubs and woke up in the local barracks.”
“Oh, Colt,” Nellise admonished, shaking her head. “Force isn’t going to work here. Olaf requires a delicate touch.”
“I propose we all go over there and calmly explain the situation to him, and how critical it is that the gates be opened once more,” Aiden suggested. “We won’t threaten him” — Colt gave him a sour look, but remained silent — “but we’re not going to leave until we get what we need.” 
Tom ambled over from the bar with a plate of food, placing it on the table. “Cheers, mate,” Colt rumbled. “Look, getting out of town is one thing, but fighting a bunch of bandits is another. 
“I mean, look at you — a couple of unbearded lads and a young lady who’s wearing the robes of a cloister acolyte. Have you ever even been in a fight before? Have you ever killed a man?” 
Aiden and Nellise exchanged an uncertain look, but Pacian didn’t hesitate. “Yep, more than one,” he boasted with quiet confidence. 
“Sure you have, killer,” Colt growled, “and underneath this rugged exterior I’m actually a petite redhead.”
“I—”
“Save it, I’m not impressed,” Colt interrupted. “I’ve fought bandits in the king’s forests for five years, and it’s nothin’ to joke about. Maybe you’re tellin’ the truth and maybe you ain’t, but your mate and Nellise are as green as they come. 
“Don’t get me wrong; I hear you when you say the town’s in strife, but even with my help, we’d be hard pressed to clear them out. So, no, I’m not going along, because that’d just encourage you.”
“A potentially dangerous confrontation wouldn’t be my first choice,” Nellise answered delicately, “but somebody has to make it through to Culdeny to get help, and it seems to me we’re it. So, I’m going to try, which is more than I can say for you, sir.”
“Ouch,” Pacian chuckled as Colt’s expression darkened. 
“You lot are lookin’ to break the blockade?” Tom interjected. “I used to do caravan escort work back in the day, though I’m too old for that sort of thing now. 
“I’m glad someone’s thinking about steppin’ up, but I don’t think it’s any place for a lady or a couple of lads to go without someone of more experience helpin’ out, Colt. You’d be doing the town a big favor if you went along, mate.”
“What, so I’m a babysitter now?” 
“I’ll clear your tab if you go,” Tom offered bluntly. Colt blinked in surprise and appeared to be giving the offer some serious thought. 
When he abruptly left the table, Aiden thought he had rudely refused the offer, but then Colt reached down and purposefully picked up a large sword and a longbow wrapped in oilcloth from a dark corner next to the bar. 
“I’ll take that as a yes,” Tom chuckled. 
“Let’s go,” Colt grunted, heading for the door without waiting to see if they’d follow. Aiden gave the innkeeper a grateful nod as he passed by, with Pacian and Nellise joining him as he hurried to catch up.
“Not a mercenary, huh?” Pacian pointedly asked Aiden as they headed outside. 
A short walk through the muddy streets brought the small group to the mayor’s office, which appeared to be a converted two-story house. After stepping through the doorway, Aiden was impressed by the lavish furnishings within, including an elaborate candelabrum perched on a small polished table. 
On the wall above a comfortable-looking sofa hung a painting of a strange desert landscape, along with other more mundane depictions of local scenery. The aroma of a hearty stew was in the air, almost covering more exotic smells coming from colorful woven carpets covering the floor. 
Across the foyer, a pretty young lady with narrow lips and large brown eyes sat behind an oak desk, busily sorting through a pile of papers before her. Although it was unlikely she’d missed the entrance of four people, she nevertheless remained focused on the task before her.
“Pardon me, but we’d like to see the mayor, if he’s available,” Nellise asked politely, moving to stand before the desk.
“The mayor has only just risen for the day and isn’t ready to see visitors yet,” she informed them curtly. Although young, Aiden thought she had the potential to become the sort of irritating, obstructionist secretary that is some people’s aspiration. 
“We can wait,” Nellise conceded, turning to the others with a shrug and indicating they should make themselves comfortable. 
Pacian, appearing bored, exchanged a look of exaggerated suffering with Aiden before he walked past the secretary and into the room beyond. “Excuse me, you can’t go in there,” the young lady protested. 
Colt laughed softly and followed Pacian in. Seeing his attempt to coerce the mayor with subtlety slip away, Aiden groaned inwardly and followed them, with Nellise right behind him. 
Stepping into the dining room, Aiden saw his friend standing before a middle-aged man of means, wearing expensive clothing and sporting a carefully-groomed gray mustache. He sat at a fine table near a blazing fireplace, holding a spoon in one hand, with a bowl of untouched stew before him. His gaunt appearance told Aiden that he hadn’t been eating properly for some time now. 
“Are you the mayor?” Pacian asked shortly. 
“I am indeed,” he replied gruffly, startled at their appearance. “Who in blazes are you?” 
“I tried to stop them, sir,” the lady called from the entrance to the room, having chased them in. 
“Yes, thank you Miss Spencer, top job there,” the mayor answered scathingly. “Honestly, you’re hardly a worthy replacement for your predecessor.”
“I’m doing my best, sir,” she plaintively assured him before scurrying back to her desk, out of sight of her angry boss.
“One cannot find good help these days,” Olaf muttered. “Now, what is it you want?  I’m terribly busy.” 
“You look like you’re well set up with food, but your citizens are a few days away from starving,” Pacian informed him. “If they knew about the food you’ve got here, I’m sure they’d find that very interesting.” 
Despite his initial shock at the abrupt introduction, the mayor quickly recovered. “I thought I said I never wanted to see you in here again, Mister Colt,” he warned, noticing the burly man looming in the background.
“Relax Olaf, I’m not here to threaten you,” Colt grunted. 
“Is this impertinent rapscallion an acquaintance of yours?” 
“We only just met him, Your Honor,” Nellise protested, raising an eyebrow at Pacian.
“I see. So, you want me to throw open the gates? I’m sorry, but it’s out of the question. The town is sealed for our protection. I assure you, it is simply far too dangerous to allow anyone to travel outside the walls at this time. Thank you.” The last was delivered with a note of finality. 
“If we can’t leave today, this town is going to go hungry,” Aiden pointed out. “Hungry people do desperate things.”
“I am not insensitive to the plight of the townsfolk, but until we receive reinforcements, I will not let anyone’s life be at risk,” the mayor muttered with weak conviction.
“I see,” Aiden remarked, not really seeing anything. “Well, we’re just seeking permission to leave via the northern gate to Culdeny, so —”
“The north road? Good heavens no,” the mayor interrupted, standing up quickly. “There are bandits to the north, sir, and word has reached me here that savage tribesmen are gathering to the east.”
“Olaf, why didn’t you mention things were this dire before?” Nellise quietly asked.
“To be blunt, my dear Nellise, this was none of your concern,” Olaf explained. “When His Majesty swept through here months ago, I protested at the quantity of soldiers he requested, but my words fell on deaf ears. 
“I’ve had to cut back on patrolling the highway, and the result was predictable — lawlessness and brigandry. I’ve had to bolster their ranks with raw recruits, local young men and women with no more than a day or two of training, and it would be foolhardy to send them into danger.”
“Olaf, have you tried sending someone south to Fort Highmarch?” Nellise pressed. 
“I have sent several messengers, and a number of the more experienced town guard, over the past week, both to the fort and north to Culdeny,” came the terse reply. “Of those I sent, only two returned alive, and they informed me that the fort is shuttered to all traffic and did not permit them entry. Nobody returned from the North. 
“Wild animals plague the southern road, driven to extremes by hunger, and doubtless bandits have encroached the way to Culdeny.” The mayor paused and looked around at his guests. “Perhaps now you understand our predicament a little better?”
“You are refusing to let your people wander outside the gates because of the danger,” Pacian observed, “but that’s our choice to make. If something happens to us, you’re not responsible.” 
 “Simple clothes, sparse equipment,” Olaf mumbled as he inspected each of them. “You hardly seem capable of dealing with any of the threats to this town. What makes you think you’ll fare better than trained soldiers?”
“It’s come to the point that we’re being endangered just sitting around town, slowly starving to death,” Aiden retorted. “If you don’t get supplies here soon, people are going to riot.” 
The mayor turned pale at this warning, a sure sign Aiden had finally gotten through to the man. Olaf clasped his hands behind his back and stood before the crackling fireplace, lost in thought. When he finally turned to address them, his entire demeanor had changed.
“I agree to your terms, on one condition. I wish I had been able to keep this to myself, but I haven’t been able to come up with a solution. In a house just down the street, a woman by the name of Merin resides on a temporary basis. She has in her possession a sensitive document, with which she is attempting to blackmail me for the sum of no less than five gold sovereigns.”
Aiden’s eyes widened in surprise — it was a small fortune by anyone’s measure.
“I’ve tried reasoning with this individual, but she simply won’t cooperate,” Olaf continued. “I’m not one to employ strong-arm tactics myself, but if you were to ... persuade her to see reason and return the document, I would be able to open the town gates without fear that she would flee.”
“Wait a moment,” Pacian interjected in simmering rage. “Are you saying part of the reason you’ve kept the town locked up is because you were afraid this woman would run off with your papers?”
“It shames me to say it, but yes,” Olaf confessed, his head bowed in contrition. 
“You selfish bastard,” Colt growled, though Nellise was quick to put her hand on his shoulder to calm him.
“If she were to make a run for it, wouldn’t the guards stop her?” Nellise inquired.
“I haven’t informed the guards of her perfidy,” Olaf explained. “I cannot risk this personal information getting out. My reputation would be ruined.”
“Right; let me see if I have this straight,” Pacian growled. “You’ve been up to some properly shady business, and this woman found out about it, and now she’s looking to cash in. You can’t tell the guards to go and get her in case this information finds its way into their hands and they clap you in irons, and you can’t let her leave because she’ll tell others when she does.”
“That’s about the size of it, yes,” Olaf muttered.
“Exactly how stupid are you, mate?” Pacian exclaimed. 
Aiden cut him off. “So, to fix this, we convince her to hand over the document, then you can open the gates without caring if she leaves?” he asked.
“Correct,” Olaf confirmed.
“Consider it done,” Aiden answered.
“You’re paying us, right?” Pacian said, with his usual lack of subtlety.
“Of course,” Olaf assured him. “I’ll make it worth your while, but please, be discreet.”
“Do you expect trouble from this person?” Nellise inquired. “I doubt she will simply hand over something quite so valuable simply because we ask her to.”
“I can be very persuasive,” Pacian offered, smiling coldly. 
“Violence shouldn’t be necessary,” Olaf replied, dismissing the thought with a wave of his hand. “By all means, talk with her, but do not underestimate her. If she still refuses, feel free to use whatever means you deem necessary to change her mind.” 
“A discreet inquiry it is, then,” Aiden agreed, unconsciously touching his empty coin pouch as he spoke. 
“I cannot sufficiently explain to you my relief,” Olaf sighed. “Merin resides in a small house on the eastern edge of town, right next to the smithy. The house has a red roof; you can’t miss it.” 
“Okay, we’ll take care of it,” Aiden agreed, motioning the others to the door. Without another word, the men donned their longcoats as they headed out, but before Aiden could speak with them, they were confronted by ten angry locals who were waiting outside.
“We saw you go in,” said Jim Clifton, with barely controlled anger. “Tell us you’ve made that fool see reason.”
“We’ve made some progress,” Nellise assured the angry mob, “and I’m confident we’ll have the gates open soon.”
“Good, or we’ll hang the bugger from the top of the flagpole,” another man called from the back of the group, to fierce agreement from his comrades. 
“Just be patient a little longer and we’ll get this sorted,” Nellise implored them. Her charm had the effect of calming them enough to disperse, though angry mutterings were still heard as they stomped away through the mud.
“Well done,” Aiden muttered. “Olaf has made a real mess of this.”

“So, we’re doing his dirty work now,” Pacian added wryly.
“Who the hell asked you?” Colt growled. 
“He makes a valid point,” Aiden retorted. “Just the fact he didn’t want to bring the local guards in on this suggests he’s concealing something damning.”
“It’s more than I’ve been able to get out of him all week,” Nellise remarked. “Others have come here and tried to talk reason to the man, to no avail. I’m curious where this leads.”
“Let’s just be cautious, shall we?” Aiden suggested. “Pace, do you have your knife?”
“Always,” he replied, reaching inside his longcoat to rest his hand upon the kitchen utensil turned weapon. 
Satisfied they had a way forward, they walked along the street to the sturdy red-roofed cottage next to the town smithy, where a solid-looking oaken door with metal bracing around the edge practically screamed go away. With a strong desire to get this over and done with, Aiden knocked and waited for a response. 
“Who is it?” came the muffled voice of a woman from the other side of the door.
“Merin? Good morning. My name is Aiden, and I need to speak with you.”
“I’m not interested in anything you have to say,” she replied after a moment’s hesitation. Aiden glanced at Nellise, who shrugged in silent reply. 
“It really is quite urgent that I speak with you, ma’am,” Aiden tried again, this time more forcefully. “Please open up immediately.” 
“No, I’m not going to do that,” Merin answered firmly. “Go and bother someone else!” 
Aiden was on the verge of yelling at her, but Pacian put a hand on his shoulder and shook his head, gesturing to himself with his other hand.
“Very well,” Aiden said, forcing a note of defeat into his voice. “Perhaps I can meet with you later, as I have other business to attend to. Good day.” He motioned for Nellise and Colt to follow him as he walked away from the door and stood nearby to watch what came next. 
“What was the point of that?” Colt inquired quietly. 
“We have other methods at our disposal,” Aiden answered, nodding to where Pacian was attempting to pick the lock with a hairpin and screwdriver. Colt grunted in understanding and huddled into his cloak for warmth while Pacian quietly applied his improvised tools to the lock. 
Aiden glanced around casually to make sure he wasn’t drawing too much attention, but he needn’t have worried — the townsfolk were too mired in their daily lives to bother with one man appearing to have trouble opening a door. 
A few moments later, Pacian turned the handle on the door and opened it a crack, peeking through the narrow space and signaling the rest of them to come closer. Checking to make sure everyone was ready, Aiden nodded to Pacian, who opened the door carefully and stepped inside.
Despite being only a modestly-sized cottage, the home was comfortably furnished. It was warm and dry, and the aroma of freshly-cooked food hung in the air. Several pieces of art hung on the walls leading to the rest of the cottage as Aiden quietly led the others around a corner into the dining room. 
A woman in an elegant dress sat at a dining table with a bowl of soup before her. Her head slowly turned to regard them, revealing her sharp features and dangerous eyes. 
Across from her sat a wiry man in plain clothing, with a bent nose that had been broken at some point in the past. Aiden knew right away this was trouble, and was immediately angry at Olaf for failing to mention that Merin would have company. 
“Breaking into my house, hmm?” she observed coldly. It was the same voice that had spoken through the door. “That’s very bold of you. I’m actually surprised you made it past my door — I should probably have invested in a better lock.”
“You are Merin, yes?” Nellise inquired. “We have come from the mayor’s office to talk.”
“Is that why you were so insistent?” she inquired rhetorically, wiping her mouth with a napkin. “I suppose I shouldn’t have been surprised; Olaf was bound to send someone over sooner or later. Four people seems to be overkill for a talk, though. Did he tell you to toss me about or rough me up, as is custom in these situations?”
“Not at all,” Nellise assured her, maintaining her calm demeanor. “We have simply been instructed to have a chat with you. Tell me, why are you blackmailing the mayor?” 
“Because it’s good money, my dear,” Merin grinned, with a measure of condescension. “The man’s not exactly a saint, either. 
“I won’t go into detail about the work I’ve had to put up with around here over the last few months; just be satisfied that I’m moving on, and Olaf’s indiscretions are going to pay my way. Don’t be too concerned for him — he knew what he was getting into when all this started.”
“Why did he get involved, if you don’t mind my asking?” Nellise inquired, with a glance at Aiden.
“I don’t pretend to know his mind, but I’d wager he looked north to the merchant princes of Culdeny and wanted more. Now things have gone pear-shaped, I’m certain he wants this to all go away, and I’m happy to make that happen. For a price.”
“Look, regardless of what he’s done, we have made an arrangement with him,” Aiden interrupted. “You have a document of importance to him — hand it over.”
“Hand it over?” she balked. “Unless Olaf had the sense to conscript or deputize you, you don’t have any authority here, sweetie.” She winked. 
Aiden was suddenly shoved aside by Colt, who towered over the woman.
“If you don’t hand over the stuff,” he snarled impatiently, “I’ll smash your annoying face in. If you’re innocent, you’ll just call for the guards, right? I’m sure they’d be interested in doing a quick search while they’re here.” 
Merin’s smile faded, and her associate’s hand slid over to rest on the handle of a sharp knife. “Okay, look, I don’t want any trouble,” she said, to both Colt and her friend. “Just take the document and go. Look in the drawers behind you, just ... don’t hurt us.”
“That’s more like it,” Colt growled, nodding to Pacian, who immediately crossed to the drawers. 
Aiden frowned, looking down at Merin cautiously. Certainly, Colt was an intimidating presence, but she’d seemed to give in a little too easily after her earlier defiance.
Pacian reached out and attempted to open the top drawer, but found that it was locked. At this moment, Merin dropped all pretense of being scared and called out “Now!” 
The man with the broken nose grabbed his knife and with one smooth action, hurled it in the direction of Colt’s head. Reacting instinctively, Aiden lunged and pushed the big man out of the way, sending Colt sprawling on the floor.
Merin glared at Aiden, now standing right in front of her. Holding out her hands, her fingers wide, she whispered some strange words. 
Before he could figure out what was going on, a bolt of electrical energy crackled from her fingertips and hit Aiden’s left arm, sending him reeling backwards as he clasped his burned limb in agony. His backpedalling crashed him into a surprised Nellise, sending them both tumbling to the floor. 
Pacian drew his carving knife and lunged at Merin’s accomplice, bowling both of them over and sending the bowls of soup on the table flying through the air to shatter on the wall behind them.
While the two wiry men struggled, Colt regained his footing and drew his massive sword, taking a swing at Merin, who ducked the clumsy attack and pulled a dagger out of her right boot. All signs of her earlier levity had vanished, and she now moved with practiced speed and skill, sidestepping the oversized blade, which was simply too big for the small room in which they fought.
Knives flashed in the firelight as Pacian and his opponent sought an advantage. Pacian had always been light on his feet, but the wiry man was quicker still, and managed to gash Pacian’s arm when he didn’t move fast enough. 
Seeing his friend in desperate need of help, Aiden quickly looked around for something that he could use as a weapon. Spying nothing but cutlery, he reached out for a bowl and flung it at the back of the man’s head. The bowl shattered when it struck, dazing him for a moment and giving Pacian just enough time to step in and viciously stab him in the gut.
Colt was having far less luck against Merin. Having just witnessed the demise of her associate, she landed a series of quick slashes on Colt’s leg, distracting him enough to dash past him and make for the door. 
Her escape came to an abrupt end as Pacian whirled around and threw his knife towards her retreating figure, sinking it right into her back. She gazed at Aiden with empty eyes as spreading blood stained the front of her dress, and then slumped to the floor, dead. 
The silence was broken only by the heavy breathing of those still alive as the realization of what had just occurred sank in.
Pacian strolled over and removed his bloody knife from Merin’s back, absently wiping it on his tunic. A stunned Nellise had one hand over her mouth, clearly appalled by what had just taken place before her very eyes. 
“What have we done?” she whispered, rushing forward to check the prone forms for signs of life. 
“We defended ourselves against a pair of crooks intending to do bodily harm.” Pacian shrugged, unconcerned. “Better them than us.”
“We weren’t supposed to kill them,” Aiden exclaimed in a hushed voice. 
Colt went to the window and peered out through the curtains. “I don’t think anyone heard the fight,” he muttered. “We can keep this quiet.”
“Keep it quiet?” Nellise repeated incredulously. “They’re both dead. We are complicit in the deaths of two people.”
“They started it,” Pacian pointed out. “We just happened to end it.” He sifted through the bloody remains for anything of value, his expression devoid of feeling. Aiden looked over Merin’s prone form, lamenting that this was not the first dead person he had ever seen. 
“We must have had them backed into a corner,” Aiden surmised, mostly to convince himself. He hissed in pain as he tried to move his arm.
“Are you all right?” Nellise asked.
“I’m alive,” he replied, wincing at the burns on his arm. “I wasn’t expecting her to shoot lightning, exactly, but I’ll live. You’d think Olaf would have mentioned she could use magic.” 
“Hold still for a few minutes,” Nellise instructed absently, fidgeting her shaking hands around in a small leather pouch until she produced a crystal. “Just clear your mind, and I’ll take care of that arm.” 
“I don’t know who her chum was,” Pacian observed, gesturing down at the wiry man, “but he wasn’t short on coin. His clothing isn’t anything special, and there was nothing else of interest on him. Maybe he was a special friend?”
“Could be,” Aiden muttered. “I guess we’ll never know. Perhaps we should find out exactly what they were willing to die for.”
“Stop squirming,” Nellise chided him, continuing to work on his arm. 
“Sorry. Pace, see if you can get that drawer open. I want to have a look at that document she was bribing the mayor with.”
“Sure,” Pacian agreed, then noticed Aiden’s diminishing wound. “Hey, your arm is looking better. What is she doing?”
“Channelling divine energy to heal him,” Nellise whispered, sounding more relaxed. Aiden looked at her with growing respect; of all the members of the Church of Aielund, only a few were gifted with healing talents such as this. 
“Merin may have been a crook, but she didn’t strike me as being stupid,” Colt mused, his voice still sounding dry from his hangover. “If her friend had managed to put that blade in my head, it would have left your friend with the knife to do all the fighting. 
“The more I think about it, the more I realize that if you hadn’t reacted so quickly, we’d have been in some serious trouble. Thanks for that, by the way,” he added. “I prefer my skull intact.”
“Yeah, who wouldn’t,” Aiden muttered, feeling mostly recovered from his injury. Looking down at his arm, he was amazed to see it was completely healed. “That’s incredible,” he remarked as he looked back up at Nellise. For the first time, in decent light, Aiden could see her eyes were actually gold in color. 
“You’re welcome,” she said with a strained smile. 
“What should we do about the bodies? We can’t just leave them here,” Aiden remarked, grimacing at the sight of the blood pooling on the floor beneath their prone forms. He noticed Nellise avoided looking directly at them.
“We’ll let the mayor know what happened and let him take care of it,” Colt replied gruffly. “It’s his mess we’re trying to clean up here.” 
“This whole business is wrong,” Aiden breathed, hiding his discomfort. 
Pacian suddenly made a triumphant sound as he pulled open the drawer, attracting everyone’s attention. A few moments of rifling around produced a series of papers, which he handed to Aiden. He flipped through them, scanning for any mention of shady dealings
“You see anything weird?” Colt asked Aiden impatiently.
“Trading details, payments for services rendered here and there, some notes about people to contact … nothing unusual.” He trailed off as he found something of relevance. “Merin’s name is in here, and so is Olaf’s. It looks like he was partnered in a deal with her and a few other people. She’s listed as an expeditor, whatever that is. 
“Wait … there’s a signed paper here from the mayor to Merin, to have her hire some local thugs up in Culdeny to put pressure on local businesses to accept bad deals.” 
The others looked incredulously at Aiden as he continued reading. “Most of these transactions are to or from a business called the North Shore Trading Company, based in Culdeny. I’m no expert on trade, but it seems from some of these numbers that they were forcing people to sell to them cheaper than normal, and then reselling at greatly inflated prices. Unbelievable.”
“Interesting,” Pacian wondered, narrowing his eyes at Merin’s bloodied corpse. “Does it say what happened to make her want to blackmail Olaf?”
“No, but I think we can safely assume that the partnership dissolved in a less-than-friendly fashion. The dates on these notes start out over a year ago, and finish a few weeks ago. Whatever happened between them occurred only recently.”
“No wonder Olaf has been under so much stress,” Nellise remarked. “His whole operation was going to be exposed.” 
“He must have known we’d end up looking at these documents,” Aiden muttered to himself. “He’s clearly broken several laws, and even if he doesn’t know Pacian and myself, you two are members of organizations loyal to the Crown, so you’d be obligated to hand this in to the local guards or something, right?”
“I’m not exactly popular with the Royal Rangers at the moment, kid,” Colt admitted ruefully. “In fact, I’m sort of on a leave of absence — don’t ask me why. And Nellise is little more than an acolyte. 
“Maybe he sent us here to kill these two, or maybe even get killed ourselves, giving him an excuse to have Merin imprisoned?” 
Although Colt was clearly joking as he said this, the thought of it was enough to steal the humor from his words. A long moment of silence ensued as the possibilities ran through their minds. Pacian broke the spell.
“I think it’s time we had a personal chat with our friend the mayor.”

Chapter Three

They were dripping wet as they barged once more into the mayor’s office. The secretary was about to protest until a sharp look from Colt kept her quiet. Olaf was standing before the fireplace in the next room, warming himself against the winter cold. 
“You’re back already, I see,” he remarked. “How did your meeting go?”
“We have what you wanted,” Aiden answered, keeping his tone neutral. 
Olaf raised an eyebrow, but if he was surprised at their success, he hid it. “I presume you’ve read through at least some of it.”
“Of course,” Aiden began calmly, leafing through the papers. “Merin alluded to some interesting connections you might have, but we have a fair idea of what you’ve been up to.”
“That’s none of your business,” the mayor bristled. “I asked you to retrieve the document, and that is as far as your involvement extends. We have a deal; stick to it and you’ll be rewarded.”
“But we are involved now,” Aiden pointed out. “Merin is dead, and so is one of her accomplices. By all rights, we should turn you in to the town guards.”
“You killed them?” Olaf hissed in a quiet voice, peering past them to make sure they weren’t being overheard.
“She didn’t give us a lot of choice,” Colt grumbled, also keeping his voice low. “Just about killed me, actually. You might want to do something about the bodies if you want to keep this quiet.” 
“I’ll take care of it, discreetly, but I must have those papers.” 
Pacian stepped forward, taking the papers from Aiden’s hand. “First, a question,” he stated. “Did you send us over there knowing Merin would likely try to kill us?” 
“You accuse me of ... of sending you to your deaths? On purpose? Outrageous!” Olaf whispered harshly. “I sent you over there because you two boys aren’t known to her, Colt lends an intimidating presence, and Nellise has a reputation for being fair-minded. 
“If Merin and her associate were foolhardy enough to attack all four of you, then her demise is entirely her own fault. But I certainly never meant for you to come to harm.”
“Foolhardy, or desperate?” Pacian mused. “You had her backed into a corner, and then sent us in to force her hand. She had no other way to respond, and you knew that, right?” 
He glowered at Olaf for a few moments before continuing. “This whole situation is properly shady. She wanted money to keep quiet, and now, so do I. Hand over three gold sovereigns, or I’m taking this evidence to the town guards.” 
“You’re blackmailing me?” Olaf sputtered. 
“I prefer to look on it as an investment in your continued freedom,” Pacian responded, with a mirthless grin on his face. “Look at it this way; she wanted five from you, and I’m only charging three, so you’ve saved two sovereigns today already.” 
Aiden and the others glanced at one another, surprised by this sudden turn of events. 
“You despicable cad. You bounder!” Olaf breathed in disbelief. “You’re hardly any better than that damnable woman.”
“Be careful what you say to me in future, Olaf,” Pacian purred. “It’d be a shame if this information found its way into the hands of the more honorable guards.” 
“And you would be thrown behind bars for murder; I would see to it,” Olaf hissed back, exchanging a heated stare with Pacian, who for once appeared to be at a loss. 
“I think we are at an impasse,” Olaf remarked, reaching into his pouch to produce two gold coins. “We had an arrangement, and we can end it now, amicably. I promised payment, and I meant it. Two sovereigns for your trouble — and your silence.”
“I’m keeping these papers to make sure you don’t turn us in,” Pacian warned, stuffing them into his coat before taking the money. 
“And if you use them, I’ll make sure you hang,” Olaf shot back.
“This is simply deplorable,” Nellise breathed, rubbing her forehead with her eyes closed.
“I don’t care for this either,” Olaf assured them, “but we have a mutually beneficial agreement, yes?” 
“Yes, we do,” Aiden hesitantly replied, trying to ignore his shaking hands. Not only was he involved with the murder of two people, he was now blackmailing the town mayor, two things he hadn’t seen coming when he got out of bed that morning. 
The mayor turned and walked over to a small desk, pulled out a sheet of parchment and picked up a quill. “By the way, you’ve just volunteered to travel north and make sure the road is clear,” he explained, scribbling down some notes in elegant script, then handing it to Aiden. 
“We’ve what?” he blurted.
“I’ve nobody else to send, and the road has to be cleared somehow. You’ve just proven yourselves in a fight, so I know you’ve got it in you; and frankly, my raw recruits can barely hold their weapons. 
“At least you have the benefits of an experienced ranger with you. Get to Culdeny and have them send supplies immediately, and I’ll reward you handsomely upon your return.”
Nellise had the look of someone completely out of her depth, and Colt scrutinized Pacian as if trying to determine the quickest way to skin him. Aiden knew that as soon as they left the office, a lively conversation was going to take place. 
“We each have the power to ruin each other’s lives by allowing word of these events to reach the local authorities,” Olaf added softly. “Do not test my resolve on this matter, and I will not test yours. 
“Now, I suggest you set off as soon as possible. I have to arrange for the disposal of certain individuals who are no longer amongst the living, while avoiding undue attention.” 
Without another word, Aiden’s companions headed for the office door, but Olaf touched Aiden on the shoulder before he could leave. “Might I have a word with you in private?”
“I suppose so,” Aiden muttered, glancing at the others, who stepped outside and closed the door. The muffled sound of arguing voices erupted almost immediately.
“It will only take a few minutes. Would you care for a cup of hot soup?” Olaf offered.
“No, thank you,” Aiden refused, rather coldly. “Make it fast.”
“As you wish. Aiden, I believe you are a practical young man, unburdened by the, shall we say, less productive attitudes of your companions,” Olaf continued. “And so, I hope you’ll accept my apologies for the unfortunate situation with my former associate.” 
“I’m not going to forgive you, if that’s what you’re fishing for, “Aiden replied warily. “I don’t like being blackmailed into doing your bidding any more than you, but I’m prepared to help the town.”
“That’s a commendable attitude,” the mayor remarked. “You are right in that we must break through the bandit forces to our north and open the highway to Culdeny if we are to restore trade. I recently received word from a ranger who was assigned to keep an eye on the Akoran tribesmen to the southeast. Apparently, they are amassing at the northern edge of their territory for raiding into kingdom lands. I can’t allow travel to the east until we have some means to provide protection.” 
“My family live in Coldstream,” Aiden breathed, his voice tight with anxiety. 
“I am very sorry,” Olaf sympathized, “but there’s nothing we can do for them without help from the north. Like us, they will have to fend for themselves a while longer. This is why it is imperative that you reach Culdeny and seek further aid. I have some information that may be of use.” 
“I’m listening.” 
“Although they’ve been only rumored until this point, I must tell you that there are indeed over two dozen bandits working along the highway,” the mayor explained.
“Two dozen?” Aiden exclaimed. “Why didn’t you bring this up earlier? The four of us don’t stand a chance in a fight.”
“Who said anything about fighting all of them at once?” Olaf said, frowning. “All you’d be required to do is neutralize their leader, and the rest would most likely disperse. I have it on good authority they are poorly equipped and trained.”
“How can you possibly know this?” Aiden asked, his eyes narrowed in suspicion. 
“The document you retrieved for me from Merin’s house,” Olaf replied after a moment of thought. “How far through it did you read?” 
Aiden stared at the man, wondering what he was hinting at. Although he didn’t remember the exact figures from all of the transactions, Aiden did recall that other names were on that list. Other criminal associates.
“Are you trying to tell me that you personally know who’s leading the bandits out there?” he asked, using measured words.
“They are not so much bandits as disgruntled employees looking to get paid,” Olaf finished, turning a paler shade as he did so. 
Aiden was speechless for a moment, and then roughly a thousand questions spun through his mind, simultaneously. “They are your thugs, the ones who were hired to extort businesses in Culdeny,” he shouted accusingly. “This entire situation is your fault! No wonder you’ve paralyzed the town.”
“Their leader’s name is Fletcher,” Olaf explained, with only a tinge of remorse. “I had rarely dealt with thugs before, but he seemed to know what he was doing, right up until the point that he started keeping too large a cut of the takings. That’s when things started to go awry.”
“You couldn’t control him,” Aiden stated flatly, “so you want him removed too, to keep him silent about your crimes.”
“I don’t want any more deaths on my conscience if I can help it,” Olaf protested. “I know you think very little of me at the moment, but I never meant to harm anyone. The whole affair has been blown out of all proportion. Take Fletcher to the authorities in Culdeny — without proof, nothing he says can hurt me.”
“I’m guessing you didn’t want the others to hear this, because Pacian would blackmail you, Nellise would probably turn you in, and Colt would just punch you in the face — or kill you, depending on how hungover he was.”
“Something like that. You seem to be just the right amount of reasonable.”
“You expect us to take on that many men?”
“They’re hardly trained killers,” Olaf scoffed. “They’re more like street thugs with a sense of entitlement, unsuited to the rigors of forest life. If I didn’t think you and your companions capable, I wouldn’t allow you to go. 
“Come now, Aiden, there’s no need for this enmity between us. I regret the incident with Merin, but it is for the benefit of everyone that this entire misguided situation be brought to an end. You wanted to go north, and now you’re armed with all the information you’ll need.”
“Fine, but don’t think you’ve heard the last of this,” Aiden growled. He looked down at the hand that was offered, but declined to shake it. Instead, he grabbed his longcoat and walked out the door. 
“He had no idea how to break this news to the others. Even if Olaf didn’t think much of these thugs, it was still, at best, over twenty of them against four. 
The others were in the middle of a heated argument undercover just outside, which Aiden walked right in on. “First things first, mate. Is this what you two do for a living?” Colt snarled at both Pacian and Aiden. “Blackmailing people? 
“If this was your plan, you might have let us in on it before we went in there. I’ve  half a mind to go grab a hammer and get creative all over your face.”
“That was most certainly not the right way to handle this situation,” Nellise scolded in a hushed voice. “Going to the head of the town guards and presenting this information would have been my preference, if you had bothered to ask me. We could have found a better way to deal with those two than simply killing them, too. It sickens me to even think about what we did.” 
“They didn’t give us any choice,” Pacian hissed. “Plus, Olaf was responsible for multiple counts of extortion, not to mention hiring people to commit murder. If you brought the town guards in on this, what do you think would have happened? Justice for all, and the town freed from the clutches of a criminal mastermind? 
“Not bloody likely. It would have created a huge mess, with us right in the middle of it. Like it or not, we were used to eliminate one of Olaf’s problems, and we would most likely have been detained as well.”
“He didn’t hire us to go and kill Merin,” Aiden pointed out in a hushed voice, glancing around in case anyone passing by might overhear their conversation. “I might be splitting hairs here, but I don’t think we’d be in as much trouble as you suspect.”
“You can’t know that,” Pacian contested. “We have no idea how the guards in this town were going to react, and we’re not exactly well known around here. I suspect Colt here has a bit of a record with the militia, and Nellise might have been allowed to go free, with her being part of the Church and all. But you and me, Aiden? We’d be locked up.
“Look, this way we keep his secret, he keeps our secret, we both keep an eye on each other, and we have money to feed ourselves and then some. So what if he’s forcing us to do a few jobs; I mean, we get to leave, right? Nellise, we can use the money to help get this place moving again. Who cares how we got it?” 
Nellise silently considered Pacian’s words, but Aiden was more vocal with his opinion. “You better hope he doesn’t just turn us in to the guards when we’re not looking, Pace,” he warned ominously. “When all’s said and done, he’s still the mayor, and we’re a bunch of nobodies.” 
“Maybe,” Pacian conceded. “But if we make it to Culdeny and get those supplies the town needs, I reckon he’d be a fool to try anything against us.” 
Aiden shook his head, hardly believing the elaborate plan. It was a gamble, but it might just work. Pace had always pushed the limits of what civilized folk would tolerate, but Aiden had never considered him a criminal.
“I feel as though I have fallen in with people of questionable character,” Nellise lamented. “I find your methods utterly deplorable, Pacian, even if you believed your intentions honorable. But … regardless of what else I may feel, we still need to help the town, and we can’t do that from prison.”
Pace had the good grace to look ashamed, though Aiden couldn’t tell if he was being sincere or not. Turning to Colt for his answer, Pacian was suddenly grabbed by the front of his tunic and pulled up level with the big man. 
“The next time you pull a stunt like that on me, I’m gonna take you someplace quiet and beat you senseless. I’m not a crook, and I don’t hang around with crooks. Do you wanna know what I do with crooks?” 
“You beat them senseless?” Pacian inquired, his face betraying his apprehension.
“I sure do, blondie.” Colt nodded. “Then I hand them over to the guards. They don’t ask how the crooks got so bloodied — they figure they’re just real clumsy and ran into a wall a couple dozen times. My point is, watch how you handle yourself, or you’ll answer to me.” 
Pacian nodded slowly, and Colt lowered him back down to the ground before turning to Aiden. “What did he want?” Colt rumbled.
“Olaf? To apologize, which I didn’t accept,” Aiden answered. “He also gave me some insights into what we’ll be facing along the highway, for what it’s worth. There could be twenty men or more to face, some of his former associates, apparently.” 
Nellise gasped, but Colt eyed him shrewdly. “Trained men?” he prompted.
“No, street thugs with poor equipment, from what Olaf said,” Aiden answered. 
Colt rubbed his unshaven chin thoughtfully before answering. “I think I can deal with that, given the right conditions.”
“If you say so, mate,” Aiden scoffed, with a glance at Nellise. 
“You’d be surprised how useless inexperienced people can be in the woods at night,” Colt explained, then held out his hand in Pacian’s direction. “Hand over the coins.”
“Why?” Pacian asked cautiously.
“Because if we’re going to make it through this, we’ll need to buy you lightweights some proper equipment. Come on; we’re going shopping.”

*          *          *

A brief visit to the local smithy was disappointing; despite their newfound wealth, there was little to buy. The modest workshop was a dingy affair, blackened from years of absorbing the odor of burning coal, and its walls were lined with empty racks. Once again, the king’s army had a hand in their fate, having taken all the decent weapons and armor weeks ago.
Resigned to their meager pickings, Aiden chose a sturdy short sword that he strapped to his waist and a cured leather breastplate to protect his upper body. Pacian eagerly purchased a proper combat dagger to replace his carving knife, then slipped away to secure a few supplies for the journey. Colt took a few minutes to show Aiden how to fit the armor before they headed back to the Bracksfordshire Arms with their new gear. 
Nellise came down the stairs into the common room carrying a five-foot wooden staff and backpack over her shoulder. Pacian appeared through the front door a moment later, apparently having spent his time buying provisions, which he carried in a large sack. More than that, he was wearing a full suit of leathers, dyed a patchwork of green and brown, just like Colt’s. 
“Where did you get that?” Colt exclaimed. 
“You see that shop over the road there?” Pacian hiked his thumb over his shoulder, pointing out a store just down the road from the mayor’s office. “Run by a nice older gentleman and his young, young wife. A little too young for him, if you ask me —”
“I know of the bloody shop,” Colt interrupted angrily, “but that’s Ranger armor. It’s practically a uniform.”
“Well, this elderly gentleman I mentioned? Turns out he used to be a Ranger, years ago. Retired now, obviously, but when I mentioned our mission to brave dangerous roads in an effort to bring urgently-needed supplies to the town, well, he said to me, ‘I’ve got a little something here that might help you out.’ And he brought out this very nice suit of armor, and insisted I take it.” Pacian kept loading up his pack with supplies as he talked. 
“Old David Patel is a decent bloke,” Colt warned. “But if I find out you’ve somehow swindled him —”
“I know, I know, severe beatings and such,” Pacian muttered.
“As much I enjoy watching these little sparring matches between you two,” Nellise interrupted impatiently, “I really think we should start out immediately. It could take a week to get back here with supplies, and every hour matters.” 
His pack full, Aiden hefted it onto his back and secured the buckles. Colt grunted in agreement, while Pacian took out a forest-green cloak and offered it to Nellise.
“Your white robe sticks out like a sore thumb,” he explained. “This should help you blend in a little better. May I?” 
Nellise, still harboring some resentment, eventually nodded and allowed Pacian to gently wrap the cloak around her shoulders before they set out.
After a few minutes, they reached the north gate which, like the wall surrounding the town, was made of thick oak trunks. There were four guards standing before it, looking miserable in their rusty chain armor and blue tabards. The armor itself didn’t appear to fit any of them properly — it was too large, and draped heavily from young shoulders. 
One of them was even a young woman, far too small for her chainmail, but appearing defiant and proud regardless. A wistful smile appeared on Nellise’s face as she looked at the young woman stepping up to protect the town.
“What’s your name?” she asked gently.
“Claudia, Miss,” came the nervous reply. The woman even attempted a curtsey which was quite a feat given the armor she was wearing.
“You’re very brave to volunteer for duty like this. If these lads give you a hard time, just let me know, and I’ll sort them out.”
“Gavin’s been havin’ a laugh behind my back,” Claudia accused, shooting an accusing glance at a tall, thin young man. “Says women shouldn’t be wearing armor, but I’m not lettin’ him get away with it. I’ll stand duty wearin’ this rusty old thing just as long as these smart-mouthed buggers.”
“That’s the spirit,” Nellise remarked, raising an eyebrow at Gavin who stood at attention and didn’t so much as crack a smile. 
“We’re heading north, so keep an eye out for trouble,” Colt grunted as he handed over the official note from the mayor. Gavin read it and breathed a sigh of relief at what could spell the end of the town’s isolation, then gestured for the gate to be opened. 
“I just want you all to know that we are incredibly grateful for your service,” Nellise told the guards. “In these difficult times, we’re all doing our part to ensure the peace. Thank you.” She even bowed before them, startling the four young people, as Aiden and the rest filed through the gap to the highway beyond. 
“Good luck,” Gavin volunteered in a shaky voice, and then closed the gate behind them, locking the bar in place with an ominous thunk.
“I’m suddenly having second thoughts about this,” Pacian remarked, looking over his shoulder as they walked away.
“We’re getting through to Culdeny, one way or another,” Aiden assured him. 
“Enough,” Colt grunted. “We move out and keep as quiet as possible — if we do run into any bandits, they’re likely to be hiding, and I’ll take them out without raising an alarm. They won’t want to fight us face-to-face like real men, so keep an eye on our surroundings. Aiden, do you know how to use that sword?” 
“I know which end to point at the opponent, yeah,” Aiden answered as he tested his small sword, swinging it back and forth to get a feel for it.
“Try not to stab yourself. Let’s go.” 
Wiping the drizzle from his face, Aiden walked over the Stormflow River bridge and left the safety of the town behind, wondering if they were getting in over their heads.

Chapter Four

The rain finally ceased as they walked along the highway, passing tall pine trees that blotted out most of the sky. Aiden kept his hand close to his sword hilt, and Colt’s longbow was strung and ready to send an arrow hurtling through the air at the first sign of trouble. 
Aiden’s senses were heightened as they traveled, and he found himself jumping at the slightest crack of a nearby branch or subtle movement of a tree. The large pines crowded in around them more and more as they went along, and it was fairly clear they had now entered the southeastern reaches of the Calespur Ranges, a large forest that was a source of wood for nearby communities and home to the king’s game reserve. 
They stopped at what must have been close to midday for a quick meal and a few minutes of rest. There had been no sign of bandits, or anyone else for that matter, a fact which made Colt more than a little nervous.
“I figure any group of men looking to snatch passing merchants would’ve set up a bit closer to Bracksford,” he mused.
“Maybe there aren’t any,” Pacian suggested. “Maybe Olaf was just making it up?”
“It’s three days’ walk to Culdeny,” Aiden pointed out, “so I wouldn’t give up on running into trouble just yet.”
“They’re probably short-handed on soldiers as well, but they’re far from defenseless,” Colt grunted, rubbing his eyes in the manner of someone with a headache. “If they got wind of any unlawful activity to the south, they’d have sent a squad to investigate.”
“It’s only a matter of time,” Nellise reminded them as she took some bread and cheese from her pack and whispered a prayer of thanks before nibbling at it. 
“You know, I wasn’t expecting a lady of the cloth to carry a staff around,” Aiden remarked. “Are acolytes actually trained to fight?”
 “Only to defend ourselves,” Nellise responded. “The last two months of my novitiate was partially devoted to dealing with, shall we say, unpleasant situations. Though I’ve never been in a real fight, I am confident that I can hold my own.”
“Your order isn’t a militant one?” Aiden inquired. Nellise suddenly seemed to realize where his line of conversation was heading.
“Oh, not at all,” she assured him. “In fact, kingdom law prevents members of the clergy from having military or civilian rank, to avoid the sort of conflict of interest there was in times past. 
“I am an acolyte of the Resolute Heralds, our local chapter of the Church of Aielund, dedicated to bettering civilization. It was a different chapter that was responsible for certain … unfortunate acts.” 
“I’ve read a little about what you’re referring to, though I’d like to hear your perspective on it,” Aiden prompted. Nellise nodded and composed herself a little before answering.
“Last century, the church had great political power throughout the land, greater than the king himself, and it was used ... poorly.” Her voice was passionate — clearly this was important to her. 
“Many suffered needlessly, from accusations of impurity, heresy and other such nonsense, as the more paranoid factions of the clergy took power, specifically the Divine Templars. They were a chapter whose ethos was more focused on maintaining order and strict adherence to the Codex Morium, our holy book and centuries-old treatise on proper conduct, than any other concern.
“The king was a weak man, so it fell to the people to rise up and stop the tyrant Archieros and restore authority to the throne. The Divine Templars were disbanded, and only three chapters of the Church remain. Since then, the training doctrine for the priesthood has been very strict, and places great emphasis on service, humility, and repentance above all else.”
“Damn right they do,” Colt grunted. He held his bow at the ready, keeping a keen eye on their surroundings. “They’re tripping over themselves trying to help people, and always taking the blame for things they didn’t do. It’s disgusting. 
“They’ve been humble and repentant for a long time, and that has become their religion. They let just about anyone treat them like dirt. You people are pathetic. Don’t you have any pride in yourselves?”
“Pride is what led to our downfall,” Nellise reminded him quietly. “We seek now to make amends, and reassure people that our ways differ greatly from those of our predecessors.”
“That much is obvious,” Colt grunted. “I just think you take it too far, is all. There’s gotta be a happy medium. I can’t stand being around priests these days; they just ain’t men. Especially the women.” 
“Are you even aware what words are coming out of your mouth?” Aiden asked earnestly. Nellise smiled faintly at this, and Pacian laughed quietly. 
 “You know what I mean,” Colt growled. “Look, all I’m saying is that they gotta start acting like real people again. Like how you talked to those kids at the gate back there. 
“Bowing down to a noble is one thing, but you were practically ready to kiss their feet. Did you see the surprise on their faces? They couldn’t believe their eyes. You and yours need to get over the past already.” 
“Thank you, Colt; I’ll take that under advisement,” Nellise replied coolly.
Aiden was about to speak when he locked eyes with someone crouching in the shadow of the tall trees ahead. It appeared to be a woman, her long red hair bedraggled and matted against her mud-splattered face. 
She wore tattered animal skins and furs, but it was the look in her eyes that made Aiden’s heart pound in his ears. It was like looking into the eyes of a wild animal, one that was prepared to rip his throat out if he moved too quickly. 
They stared at one another, motionless, for a few seconds before Aiden’s companions noticed what was happening. Startled, the woman bolted further into the trees, running faster than he thought was possible given the conditions. Aiden suddenly gasped for air, only now aware he had been holding his breath. 
Under the aegis of Colt’s longbow, Pacian rushed to where the strange woman had been standing moments before, but she’d vanished. On his way back, he discovered something lying on the ground amidst the trees.
“There’s a body here,” he called. Aiden and the others quickly joined him and grimaced at the site of the bloody remains of a man, stripped of all possessions except for the blue tabard identifying him as a member of the Bracksford militia. 
“Probably one of the men Olaf sent north,” Pacian muttered. 
Colt suddenly felt the urge to curse loudly. “I didn’t see that bloody girl until we were almost on top of her,” he grumbled. “Stupid, bloody hangover! She might have gone off to alert the rest of the bandits that we’re coming.”
 “If we weren’t together in a group,” Pacian muttered, “she could have killed one of us while we were busy talking. Can you track her, Colt?”
“Of course I can track her; she was right here a minute ago!” he roared. 
“Wait a moment,” Nellise interrupted, gesturing at the body before her. “Colt, come here and look at this.” 
Still fuming at himself, the big ranger swaggered over to see what she was pointing at. “Are you seeing this?” Nellise asked quietly, drawing a slow nod from the ranger. 
“I don’t know who that woman was, but this man died weeks ago,” he grated ominously. 
Nellise nodded sagely, as if anticipating this answer. “She may have stumbled across the body, as we did,” she explained.
“We can’t take the risk,” Colt growled. “We move, now, and assume they could be upon us at any moment.” 
There was no dissent from the group as they gathered up their equipment and continued on, this time in silence. They moved at a brisk pace for several hours without incident, until Colt spotted something ahead and called for them to halt. 
Not far away was a wagon with one of its two wheels broken, leaning heavily against a thick pine a few yards off the road. The long gouges in the ground denoted its final movements. A flock of crows pecked over the remains, then took to the air in a sudden burst of movement, causing Aiden to almost jump out of his skin. 
“How long ago did this happen?” he asked when they cautiously moved in for a closer look, his heart still pounding in his chest. Pacian drew his dagger and altered course to move among the nearby trees. Colt was already kneeling to check for tracks, and it didn’t take long for him to draw a conclusion.
“It came from the north more than a week ago,” he grunted. “I think we both know what happened here.” 
“Someone tried to run the blockade and failed.”
“They made it this far south, though, which tells me the cowards who did this can’t be far from here.”
“What about the cargo?” Nellise inquired.
“Give me a moment,” Colt rumbled, clambering into the back of the wagon for a closer look. “A couple of loaves of stale bread and a lot of empty crates back here,” he reported. “I guess they took everything of value, because who wouldn’t?”
“I think I found the one of the guards,” Pacian called as he joined them from the forest, carrying a filthy crossbow and a couple of pouches in his hands. “If I had to guess, I’d say he ran off at the first opportunity after the attack started. Poor bloke never stood a chance, really. I guess they missed these things,” he added, hefting the crossbow and a coin pouch he’d found in the mud. 
“I’m guessing it’s been mysteriously emptied,” Aiden remarked dryly. 
“No, actually,” Pacian replied, raising an eyebrow at the implication. “There were no coins, but there is an interesting glove in here.” 
He upended the pouch and it fell into his waiting palm. It appeared to be a leather glove with a gemstone fixed onto the back of it, set into a bezel. The glove itself had no fingers, and seemed quite aged. 
“I don’t think our deceased friend will be in need of this,” Pacian quipped, “so I’ll just hang on to it for safekeeping.”
“Wait, let me have a look,” Aiden interrupted. Pacian tossed the glove to him, giving Aiden a chance to examine the gem up close. 
“Are you also a jeweler?” Nellise inquired.
“Not really,” Aiden murmured as he continued the examination. “But sometimes gems like this possess value of a different kind.” 
“I say, is that crossbow still intact?” Nellise asked Pacian, who took a closer look at it.
“Seems to be, though the moisture hasn’t done the string any good.” He took a bolt from the other pouch he’d recovered and loaded the weapon, then aimed it carefully at a nearby tree and pulled the trigger. The bolt lodged into the tree as the string snapped straight, an effective demonstration of its capabilities. 
“My aim is awful, but it’s working,” Pacian surmised.
“Let me use it,” Nellise suggested. “If we’re going to be shot at by bandits in a forest, I’d like to be able to shoot back.”
“The priests taught you to use a crossbow? I’m starting to like you more every minute.” Pacian smirked as he gave her the weapon. 
Aiden wasn’t paying them a great deal of attention, for his sharp eyes had noticed engraved writing in the metal surrounding the gem. It was not written in modern Aielish, the common language of the kingdom, but he did recognize many of the letters from his years of study. 
“Doesn’t take a genius to figure that gem has to be worth a small fortune,” Pacian confided to Nellise. “This expedition just paid for itself.”
“More than you know,” Aiden mumbled. He was silent for a long moment as he concentrated on the strange symbols, trying to recall their meaning. “I think this glove was made by a wizard. See these symbols?” 
He leaned over to let his friend take a closer look. “I’ve studied some of this language in the last year, and I’ve managed to translate a bit of it. If I’m right, this is a command word that will invoke some sort of power.”
“Any idea what it does?” Pacian inquired, with more than casual interest.
“No, but I figure it’s either a weapon or some kind of protective device. Either one would be the only reason to attach something this valuable to a glove.”
“What was that?” Colt suddenly whispered, whirling around and raising his bow. Drops falling to earth from the trees above were the only sound in the vast, empty forest, yet Aiden drew his sword as quietly as possible and put his back against a tree, his heart racing and ears pricked for the slightest noise. 
Nellise and Pacian took cover behind the broken wagon, from where they watched in silence for any sign of danger. As it happened, they didn’t have long to wait. 
Pacian suddenly pointed ahead of them and hissed a warning to Colt, who responded by leveling his bow in the same direction, holding it steady for a few seconds, then releasing it. The sound of the shaft flying through the air was cut off abruptly as it struck something that let out a strangled sound before collapsing to the ground.
The group rushed forward in the direction of the noise. The dark shape of a man lay at the base of a nearby tree, rolling around in agony and making choking sounds. Colt’s arrow had struck true, taking the man in the chest.
Nellise knelt for a closer examination, but Pacian pushed her aside at the last moment, as the injured man swung at her with a short sword gripped tightly in one hand. It narrowly missed her as she fell back onto the ground, and Pacian didn’t hesitate to finish what Colt had started. 
“What the hell were you thinking?” he hissed to Nellise, as loudly as he dared. 
“He was suffering, Pacian. I couldn’t just leave him like that,” she protested, clearly upset. “Besides, how do we know he’s even a bandit? Colt might have just shot an innocent man.” 
Pacian didn’t seem impressed with her argument, as he quickly started frisking the body for valuables. “We’re in the middle of nowhere. What did you think he was doing, catching up on his knitting?”
“Enough,” Colt grunted, making an effort to keep his volume low. “This one was obviously a lookout, so he probably has friends nearby. If we don’t take out the scouts, we could be facing a whole bunch of them at once. Stay under cover and keep quiet. Nel, are you any good with that crossbow?” 
“I spent an afternoon shooting at targets earlier this year,” she answered quietly. “I’ll make do if I have to.”
“Good enough. If we can spot someone giving orders, we’ll take him out, and hopefully that’ll send the rest of these bastards running.” He retrieved the arrow from its grisly resting place and strode purposely forward.
“You two are a little too comfortable with killing,” Nellise remarked sadly, hefting her crossbow. “There are other ways to deal with people, you know.”
“Sure, just get them to drop their weapons and we’ll have a nice little chat,” Colt answered from nearby. Aiden noticed a look of profound sadness cross Nellise’s expression, but consigned to her fate, she had no choice but to follow along with the rest. 
From his place at the rear, Aiden could see little of what Colt was up to, though he did hear the occasional arrow being loosed from the ranger’s longbow as he quietly took down the unsuspecting targets. Pacian was quick to move in and keep the fallen bandits quiet in their last moments, but so far Aiden felt they had been lucky. 
He glanced down at the body of one of the highwaymen and saw that his clothing was thick and warm but tattered, devoid of any gear that would help one survive in the wilderness. His beard was thick and untamed, and his skin dirty and scarred.
They continued on through the forest, moving parallel to the road for another half an hour, encountering three more scouts along the way. All of them were eliminated before they knew what hit them, thanks to Pacian’s scouting and Colt’s expertise with the longbow. 
In the fading afternoon light, Colt waved them over to his position near a small copse of young trees. He crouched low, peering at the ground at his feet as the others gathered around. 
“All right, we’ve made a good start here,” the ranger grunted with a low voice. “Those men were obviously looking for anyone trying to break through from Bracksford, but I think they were expecting a bunch of rookie guardsmen, or a desperate caravan, not a professional assault. Oh, and we checked to make sure they weren’t trying to rescue kittens in trees, in case you were wondering,” he added dryly.
“I have no problem doing what we must to save the town, but that does not mean I am eager to take part in this bloody-handed business,” Nellise shot back under her breath. “I accept these men are here on illegal business, so do not doubt my resolve to see this through.”
“Fair enough,” Colt grunted. “If any of you have been paying attention to the smells around you, you’ll have noticed the faint hint of wood smoke in the air. 
“That tells me we’re nearing a camp, probably with most of them in one place. One of us should go take a look and get an idea of the numbers we’re dealing with. Hard to make plans based on guesswork.”
“I suppose you’re looking at me,” Pacian grumbled. 
“Well I could go,” Colt mused, scratching his unshaven chin, “but I have just spent most of the afternoon killing their spotters, and I think I’ve earned a break. So yeah, just go look. Don’t try anything else on your own, killer, or you’ll bring down all sorts of hell on us.” 
Pacian took a deep breath and heaved himself to his feet. Using his surroundings to conceal his approach, he started moving upwind towards the smell of the smoke. In his camouflaged leathers, he quickly disappeared into the damp forest. 
 “I have been wondering,” Nellise said, after a few tense minutes had passed. “Should we try talking to these people?” 
“Are you serious?” Colt scoffed. “After what happened to you a few hours ago?”
“Colt, that man swung at me after you’d shot an arrow into his chest,” Nellise reminded him. “I can’t say I would have done anything different under the circumstances. I’m suggesting we might be able to talk them down, or perhaps even find out why they’re doing it.” 
“I don’t think they’re starving farmers looking to put food on their tables,” Aiden responded. “Have you looked closely at the ones we’ve left behind? They look like a bunch of drunken louts.”
“I don’t think these are the kind of men you reason with, Nel,” Colt added. “We need to show them force before we can make then surrender. If we went in there to talk with them, that’d just give away our only advantage — surprise.”
“All of that is based on their looks, a spurious argument if ever I have heard one,” Nellise mused. “I offer no apologies for making an effort to find a peaceful solution. I only hope we are able to deal with being outnumbered, should you choose to fight.” 
“You’ve got that right,” Pacian said, appearing next to them and giving the young acolyte a start. 
“Do you mind?” she exclaimed. “You almost gave me a heart attack.” 
Pacian shrugged, his expression grim. “Sorry. I’ve counted a dozen men around their camp, and that’s not including any hiding out there in the forest. 
“I saw three wagons stashed off to one side, probably the remains of other merchants who tried to make it through. They’re rowdy, bored and spoiling for another fight.” Nobody spoke as the enormity of the task before them was laid bare. 
“Damn,” Colt muttered, and then went on to spit out a number of other colorful words that had Nellise blushing furiously. 
“All right, just calm down,” Aiden snapped. “We still have the element of surprise, yes? Pace, what are they armed with?”
“Some hunting bows, short swords, clubs, lots of knives, that sort of thing,” Pacian explained. “Oh, and one guy had a big sword like Colt’s. He was the only one wearing armor, too.”
“Probably their lead man,” Aiden mused, recalling what Olaf had mentioned about Fletcher. “What if we could create a diversion?” 
“Even if we could get close enough,” Colt said — “and by ‘we,’ I mean ‘me’ – I’d have to drop him with one shot. It’s one thing to kill a man while he’s standing perfectly still in the forest, and quite another to do the same to someone walking around a camp.”
“The longer we wait here, the greater the chance of being discovered,” Pacian warned.
“Would they be spreading around the area to attack travelers?” Aiden wondered.
“That’s the general idea of bandits yes,” Pacian confirmed, a little exasperated. 
“When they’re isolated from each other, we strike at each group separately,” Aiden suggested, with a scathing glance at Pacian. “I’ve read about tactics like that. We bring enough force to face each group, and defeat them before assistance can arrive.” 
“Too risky,” Colt replied. “If I can drop the leader, it’ll show them who’s boss and throw them into confusion. We sneak in closer and I’ll take a shot, then we sort things out from there. Pace, take point.” 
Pacian nodded and with a gesture from Colt, they continued forward.
The tension increased as they crept forward for what must have only been ten minutes, but felt much longer. Aiden’s heart pounded as Pacian spotted first one, then two hooded men moving silently through the forest ahead. 
The big ranger slowly turned to face them on one knee, with his longbow set and ready. Nellise mimicked his posture, aiming down the length of her crossbow towards their unsuspecting prey.
“You take left, I take right,” Colt whispered. He slowly drew the bow and took aim, exhaling softly as he held the string back. The two men had stopped moving, taking up positions near trees close to the road. 
Aiden glanced nervously at Nellise, who was clearly conflicted as she aimed the deadly weapon at living, breathing people. “Ready?” Colt whispered. “We do this together.”
“A moment,” Nellise responded, adjusting her grip on the crossbow. 
“If you can’t do it, hand the weapon to Pacian and step back,” Colt muttered, without taking his eye off the target.
“Is there no other way?”
“Not with these people, no,” Colt hissed. “If you want to be merciful, aim well.” Nellise slowly let out her breath and steadied her aim.
“Now,” Colt whispered finally, loosing his arrow.
“Kylaris forgive me,” Nellise breathed as she unleashed her crossbow bolt. Both weapons struck true, dropping the men in quick succession. 
Suddenly, Aiden heard a cry from the other side of the road – someone had witnessed the two bandits fall and raised an alarm. The forest came alive with the sounds of movement and shouted orders, and Colt silently cursed at the noise.
“We’re in for it now, people,” he growled. “Get under cover and be ready.” 
Aiden and the others ducked beneath nearby shrubs and held still, waiting for signs of activity. Soon, a man in a heavy green cloak hurried past their position, heading towards his fallen comrades. 
Pacian, impatient as ever, silently crept out of the bushes as soon as the bandit had moved past. Aiden didn’t dare call out the many expletives that crossed his mind at that moment, for fear of blowing their cover. 
His friend, dagger at the ready, matched the bandit step for step, slowly closing in behind him until he was within reach before putting his weapon to work. Pacian caught his victim’s body on the way down and dragged it into brush where Aiden and the others were hiding. 
“Move,” Colt ordered, driving Aiden and the others to leave cover and run after him. A bandit in amongst the trees nearby loosed an arrow, and a second later it whistled right past Aiden’s ear. Colt drew and shot another arrow as he ran, dropping the brigand as they rushed past. 
Shouted threats and taunts from the bandits echoed through the trees, driving Aiden and his companions to run even faster, with branches whipping their faces as they rushed through. They kept this up for another minute before Colt slid across the muddy ground into another dense area of foliage, waving for the others to follow him in.
“Now what?” Pacian asked Colt as he fought to catch his breath. Aiden’s heart was racing and his eyes darted about, frantically looking for any further threats, but all he could see was the foliage. 
“The smell of wood smoke is stronger; their camp is close by,” the ranger whispered, beads of sweat trickling down his brow. “I’m willing to bet their leader won’t be on the front line with his mates, so if I can get a clear shot, I could take him down in one go.”
“There’s a dense fog moving in,” Nellise remarked between breaths. 
“Brilliant; that’ll help us avoid being seen. Stay low and follow me in.”
Keeping the noise of the searching bandits far to their left, they moved ahead as quietly and quickly as they could. It wasn’t long before the distinctive noise of a crackling fire could be heard up ahead through the encroaching mist. 
They found good cover, and Colt peered through the brush at the scene. The sound of a man’s deep, irritated voice could be heard booming through the forest; he was giving orders and clearly not enjoying the news he was hearing from his people.
“I wager that’s our man,” Colt whispered, nocking an arrow ready to shoot. “I see half a dozen with him. Just be ready if this doesn’t go to plan.” 
Aiden tightened his grip on the hilt of his sword and exchanged a tense glance with Nellise. Colt took in a deep breath, then burst into action.
He sprang out of cover and took aim, drawing the string back on his bow and loosing it in one smooth action. The distinct sound of the arrow striking a tree echoed through the forest, accompanied by a phrase from Colt that did not instill confidence in his companions.
“Bloody hell, I missed.”

Chapter Five

There wasn’t time to fall back or consider an alternative plan; the instant Colt’s arrow struck the tree, Fletcher and his crew whirled around and spotted them. Aiden froze at the prospect of facing half a dozen bandits in a straight-up fight, but Colt didn’t hesitate. He tossed his longbow aside and drew his huge greatsword, standing ready to face the large group of brigands. 
Aiden came to the conclusion that this was the right time to see what his magical glove did. He pulled it on and raised his arm, then spoke what he hoped was a word of command that he’d translated from the obscure writing engraved upon it. Half expecting it to shoot some kind of energy at the approaching bandits, he was instead rewarded with a glowing translucent disc that appeared out of thin air, hovering just above his wrist.
At first confused, Aiden didn’t have time to consider it further as a bearded man bearing a short blade bore down on him. Caught off guard, Aiden reflexively raised his arm, expecting to be run through by the attack. Instead, the blade was turned aside by the disc of energy. 
The bandit hadn’t expected this and the sword twisted out of his hand, leaving him momentarily vulnerable. Seizing his chance, Aiden thrust his sword into the side of the man’s chest and knocked him to the ground with the magical disc, which he used as if it were a shield. The look on his enemy’s unshaven face was as he fell was haunting. His brown eyes were wide and his rough, haggard features stayed with Aiden, paralyzing him as he realized he’d just taken a life.
The fight didn’t stop for him, though. Ahead, Colt swung his heavy sword in one expert swing after another, either cutting down or forcing back three of his opponents whose blades simply weren’t long enough to reach past the massive weapon’s arc. 
From around the other side of the brush, three more brigands approached, more cautiously this time after witnessing the power of Colt’s weapon. Pacian didn’t give them a chance to pause; he dove in and knocked one to the ground, driving his dagger into his opponent’s chest again and again until the bandit stopped moving. 
Nellise loosed a bolt from her crossbow, then tossed it aside, brandishing her quarterstaff as she rushed to Aiden, in time to block the attack of an approaching man he’d failed to notice. Her stance showed she was indeed trained with the weapon, and as the bandit came at her, she disarmed him with one quick swing and followed through by cracking him over the head with the other end of the staff, sending him toppling to the ground.
A second man followed right behind him and shouldered Aiden hard, sending him sprawling on the ground, gasping for breath. Nellise came to his aid once more, swinging her staff low to hit the bandit before he could stand up again. Then a looming presence made them both look up.
The man was bigger than the rest, easily six-five in height, and wielding a shining greatsword. Chainmail covered his torso and legs, protecting him from all but the strongest of their weapons. His face was set in an uncompromising sneer, and his unshaven stubble and dark eyes gave him an unsettling appearance. 
Fletcher had entered the fray.
Nellise, eyes wide, took an involuntary step backwards from the ominous figure bearing down on her, while Aiden rolled to one side and found his footing. Fletcher swung the greatsword at Nellise, which she was able to duck beneath in the nick of time.
The towering bandit stepped in, hefting his greatsword in another wide sweep which Nellise narrowly averted by knocking it aside with her staff. Aiden saw his chance to act and scrambled forward, slashing Fletcher not once but twice across the chest, drawing a line of blood from his leather tunic. 
Fletcher had a surly grin on his face as he turned to engage Aiden, who used his magical shield to effectively block each swing. The big man wasn’t the only problem they were facing, however. More of his men were showing up, emerging from the surrounding forest to join in the fight. If Aiden and his companions didn’t find a way to end this soon, they’d be overwhelmed. 
“Hey, pick on someone your own size,” Colt shouted in challenge to Fletcher. The bloodied bodies of four men lay at the ranger’s feet, and he seemed every bit as imposing as the thug standing before him.
“Ranger,” Fletcher growled in recognition. “You’ve killed a lot of my lads today, you ugly bastard. I’ll make you pay for that.” 
He turned to Colt and quickly closed the distance. Colt faced off with Fletcher, leaving the others to deal with the remaining bandits as the sound of fighting echoed through the forest. 
Pacian and Nellise kept a pair of bandits occupied as another aimed his hunting bow in their direction. Aiden shouted a warning and Pacian responded reflexively, throwing his only dagger at the archer. It lodged into his chest, ruining his aim and taking him out of the fight.
Nellise cried out in alarm, and Aiden saw she was having trouble keeping her two enemies at bay. Pacian, now unarmed, resorted to rushing forward and ramming his shoulder into the closest of the two, sending them both tumbling to the ground in a scuffle. 
Aiden hurried to Nellise’s aid, and although she was no novice with the quarterstaff, the man she was facing was quick and ruthless with his dagger. She swung and twirled the staff to keep him at bay, with blood staining her torn robe from his slashing attacks, but the bandit was so intent on his prey he didn’t see Aiden charging in. 
Aiden ran his blade right through the bandit, using the force of his charge to drive the point home, and left him bleeding on the ground. 
Operating on adrenaline and survival instinct, Aiden turned to see Colt slowly being overcome by Fletcher’s cunning attacks. Both men sported minor wounds, and when the ranger’s blade was finally knocked from his grasp, Aiden thought he was done for. 
It was then that he noticed another person approaching the fight — not a man, but the girl with wild red hair he’d spotted earlier in their journey, a hatchet held in her hand as she moved towards them. Certain she was about to come to the aid of their enemies, Aiden flinched when she raised her weapon and threw it in his direction. 
Or so he thought. Instead of hitting him, the hatchet whirled past to lodge into Fletcher’s side. To her right, half a dozen more bandits were charging towards the battle, but she faced them and raised both arms. To Aiden’s astonishment, sheets of blue fire erupted from her palms, bathing the area in flame.
The bandits cried out fear and barely skidded to a halt in time to avoid being burned by the magical fire. Nellise, composed even in the face of danger, took advantage of the distraction to charge in and slam her quarterstaff into the back of Fletcher’s head with all the force she could muster, dropping him like a sack of potatoes. 
“Your captain is down!” she cried. “Drop your weapons at once, and you may yet live!” 
The nearby bandits who were gathering to rush in and change the course of the fight saw Fletcher’s unconscious form and, as one, broke off and ran into the forest. 
“Good enough,” Nellise remarked between breaths as she leaned heavily on her staff. Aiden cautiously looked at the girl who had turned the battle in their favor; she appeared unsteady on her feet. Her eyes glazed over, and her cheekbones stood out alarmingly on her face right before she collapsed. 
Aiden immediately rushed to her side and checked her for injuries, but there was no sign of blood. She was still breathing, and merely seemed unconscious. Nellise appeared at his side moments later, as curious as the others as to the identity of this strange girl.
Not far away, Pacian wore a look of seething outrage as he turned to regard Fletcher, a look Aiden had seen many times before. He knew what it meant.
“Just keep your cool, Pace,” Aiden warned. “We took him alive, so we'll get him to Culdeny and let him rot in jail. When we eventually get back to Bracksford, we get paid. You like money, right?”
“Don't try and distract me,” Pacian growled, circling the unconscious bandit with a dark look, marring his features. “This prick has been keeping Bracksford locked down for weeks. He’s got to pay.” 
“Yeah, and he will, just like his mates,” Aiden assured his friend. “Look, bandits like these killed my brothers, so don’t think I wouldn’t want to see this one dead. But we’re better than they are, right? He goes to jail.” 
The bodies of the fallen bandits lay around them, as distressing a sight as he'd ever seen. He was emotionally numb from the fight, and found that it didn’t bother him as much as he anticipated, which in itself was disquieting.
 Colt tied Fletcher’s arms and legs, while Nellise began to whisper her healing prayers, creating an aura of serenity around them that made Aiden’s injuries tingle. When they were done, Fletcher’s prone form became the focus of Colt’s attention, and it was difficult to judge what the ranger was thinking. 
Once the bandit was securely tied up, Colt gave him a solid kick to the chest to wake him, but when Fletcher didn’t stir, he tried further encouragement. “Go easy on him,” Nellise warned. “He’s already taken a blow to the head, and doesn’t need to be beaten up again.”
“I’m not going to beat him,” Colt grunted, “but there’s an awful lot of trees to run into around here, and he looks kinda clumsy to me.” 
Fletcher was properly awake now, and looked like he was trying to kill the big ranger with his menacing stare. Pacian walked in circles around the tree, toying with one of his daggers while glaring at the bandit. 
“What are you going to do?” Aiden asked Colt. 
“Get some answers. For one thing, his men didn’t have a clue how to fight in a forest,” the ranger said. “They didn’t have proper equipment or training, so I’m thinking they were either the worst bandits I’ve ever seen, or something else is going on. What do you say, mate; want to answer any of that?” 
“What’s in it for me?” Fletcher croaked slyly, spitting blood. “The way I figure it, you’re gonna kill me anyway, right? I can see it in the blond one’s eyes — he wants to shove that butter knife through my ribs.” 
“Oh, you’ll be going to jail,” Colt responded, “intact, with all your blood still in your veins. Who knows, maybe a crafty bugger like you can figure out how to escape. If you’re still alive, you have all sorts of options. 
“But if you’re not feeling cooperative, well, my friend here does like to wash his knives in blood sometimes. It’s a problem he has, but he’s getting help for it. You understand. What are you called?” 
“Fletcher,” he answered. “You make a good argument. Didn’t think I was fighting the Rangers, or I would have done things a bit differently.” 
Colt’s eyes flinched a little. Technically, there weren’t any members of the Royal Rangers present, but with two of them in the uniform, it was easy to make that mistake. “And that little witch,” Fletcher continued. “Didn’t see that coming.”
“Just answer his questions or I’ll have your tongue,” Pacian warned.
“You’re not bad, kid,” Fletcher smirked. “I could have used someone like you a couple of months back. But I see through your act like glass. Leave interrogation to the big boys.” 
Pace immediately ran in and smashed the hilt of his dagger across Fletcher’s face. Blood exploded from the side of his mouth and Colt quickly interceded, shoving Pacian backwards. 
“Too easy,” Fletcher chuckled macabrely as Nellise turned away. 
“See, I told you he was a hothead,” Colt admonished him. “Why don’t you just tell us why you and a bunch of thugs set up shop outside our quaint little town?” 
“Fine. I used to work for the mayor, and he ripped me off. Happy?” Fletcher grunted. 
Colt glanced over at Aiden, who returned his curious look. “Olaf?” the ranger said. “What did you do for him?”
“Oh, him and me had a whole business going, you know,” Fletcher explained. “He’s in on this whole thing, getting a cut of the takings.”
“You’re lying,” Pacian said coldly, stepping and punching him in the gut.
“Ease up; he’s no good to us dead,” Colt ordered, grabbing Pace by the shoulders and pulling him back. “He knows more, and we’ll get it out of him, but you gotta get control of yourself.”
“You can’t trust a single thing that comes out of his mouth,” Pacian growled. “Except blood. You can always trust blood, especially when it’s gushing out of someone. Permit me to demonstrate.”
“Back off,” Colt yelled, shoving him back further. Pacian didn’t look happy about it, but he took the hint and didn’t approach Fletcher again.
“Oh, he’s a bloodthirsty one, no doubt,” the bandit observed. “Tell you what — you let me go, and I’ll tell you everything I know about Olaf and all his sordid operations.”
“How do we know you’re telling the truth?” Aiden asked.
“You’ll just have to take my word for it,” Fletcher replied. 
“We’re not letting him go,” Pacian stated. “I don’t care what he says, that bastard is not going free.”
“Well, you talk tough, but I bet underneath all that bluster you’re a scared little boy, ain’t ya,” Fletcher teased, grinning his bloody smile. “Do you want your mum? I’ll let her know how big and brave you were when I see her tonight.” 
Pacian stared at Fletcher for a moment, then calmly walked over to him and with one quick flick of his wrist, slashed him across the throat with his dagger. 
Aiden heard Nellise gasp, and the rest of them were stunned for a moment by the suddenness of the attack. Fletcher had a surprised look on his face that quickly turned to horror as he started choking on his own blood. Nellise was the first to act, dashing past Aiden and trying to stem the flow from the dying man’s slashed throat. 
“Nel, can you save him?” Colt cried.
“This wound is too deep to staunch with bandages,” she muttered as she tried anyway.
“He had nothing to tell us but lies,” Pacian argued. “He was just going to delay as long as he could and wait for the right time to make a break for it.” 
Colt grabbed Pacian by the wrists and slammed him bodily against the tree, just to the right of where Fletcher’s last moments were taking place. “What the hell were you thinking?” he roared. “You’ve just killed a helpless man! You stupid bastard, I should take you back to town and have you thrown in irons.”
“That was justice!” Pace retorted. “How many people has he killed? We both know the kind of man he is. Now he’s dead, and he can’t hurt anyone else ever again.” 
Colt held him against the tree for a few moments longer, breathing heavily, before he finally let Pacian go and stalked away to cool off. 
Nellise was a sorry sight. Her robe was covered in blood and dirt, but more than that was the disappointment that crossed her features when she looked at Pacian. 
“How could you be so barbaric?” she exclaimed. “It doesn’t matter what reasons you had, this decision is going to stay with you for the rest of your life.”
“Good; I can look back on this day and feel proud that I killed an evil man,” he countered, unrepentant. “I don’t have a problem with this.”
“That’s what I’m afraid of,” Nellise murmured, turning to walk away much as Colt had. Pacian looked to Aiden, seeking some moral support from his old friend. 
“I don’t think you needed to kill him Pace,” he said grimly. “Or rather, if you wanted him dead, you should have done it in the fight. Killing a man while he’s helpless is pretty low.”
“Considering the things he’s probably done, I don’t really care,” Pacian snapped. “He’s dead, we’re alive, and that’s all there is to it.” 
Aiden figured it was pointless trying to change his mind, so he took a moment to cool off as well. Shortly, Colt returned and headed straight for Pacian. Fletcher’s bloodied corpse lay still, staring straight ahead with an expression of disbelief etched into his face.
“Okay killer,” Colt growled at Pacian. “I know you think you did right, killin’ that man, but I disagree. I’m not going to put you in irons and drag you back to town —”
“Because you’re no longer a ranger and you have no authority,” Pacian interrupted cheekily. Colt scowled at him, but kept talking.
“I’m not going to do that, though I am going to make you dig a bloody big hole and throw all these bodies into it.” 
“You want me to bury a dozen bodies?” Pacian complained, his eyes widened in outrage. 
“Call it my style of frontier justice,” Colt growled. “So grab something to dig with, and get to it.”
“And you’re going to sit there and watch?”
“Sure am,” Colt grunted, sitting back against a tree. He unsheathed his greatsword and proceeded to run a whetstone along the edge, glancing up ominously. 
Pacian heard the message loud and clear and reluctantly went to work, while Aiden stoked the smoldering campfire back to life and then helped Nellise bring the unconscious girl closer to it. 
“Who do you think she is?” Aiden asked softly, as Nellise wiped away some of the dirt from the girl’s face, revealing fair skin beneath. She appeared to be in her late teens, though the grime made it difficult to accurately judge, and she was very thin. 
Markings, probably tattoos, snaked along her neck and arms in intricate patterns. “It looks like she hasn’t eaten anything in days.” 
“She appears to have been living off the land for some time, but I have no more idea about who she is than you. As to the fire she created? That’s a whole other line of questioning.”
“I was looking right at her when the fires appeared,” Aiden remarked. “She never moved her lips, so if it was magic, it’s of a kind I’m unfamiliar with.”
“I might have some ideas about that, but I’m exhausted, so it’ll have to wait until tomorrow.” 
The unconscious young woman sighed and shifted slightly, drawing Aiden’s attention. He crouched lower to see if she was awake, and was rewarded with a punch in the face. There was no strength behind the blow, but that wasn’t the point.
“Hey, take it easy on the face,” Aiden protested as he held his nose. “It’s the only one I’ve got. What’s your name?”
“Sayana Arai,” she whispered, slumping onto the ground once more. 
“How are you feeling?” Nellise asked. “We don’t see any injuries.” 
“I’m so hungry. Have you any food?”
“Yes, there’s plenty here,” Aiden responded calmly, glancing around at the supplies the bandits had been using. 
Sayana didn’t reply, but instead slowly reached a hand up towards his neck. Her hand touched his chin briefly, and then followed the thin line of string around his neck and lifted it, revealing the piece of glass taken from the strange globe he had shattered years ago. “What is this?” she asked. 
“Just a keepsake from something that happened to me years ago,” Aiden replied dismissively. Sayana touched the glass with one finger, and to everyone’s surprise, a faint glowing light could be seen along the skin on the back of her hand, tracing a line along her arm and disappearing underneath her animal hides.
Aiden was about to ask her about it when her hand slumped and she fell unconscious again. The light along her arm disappeared, leaving Aiden puzzled as to what he had just seen. 
Tired from the day’s efforts, they gathered around the campfire and ate from a pot of stew that had been bubbling away all day. Colt was concerned that the bandits might return, so he kept watch while Pacian started digging, leaving the rest of them to curl up near the fire and fall asleep.

*         *          *

The gray light of an overcast sky filtered down through the trees, right into Aiden’s eyes. This, more than anything else, roused him from his slumber, though the lingering sense of horror told him he’d had nightmares his mind had decided not to remember upon waking. 
There were few signs of the fight remaining on the damp ground of the forest. No bodies littered the muddy ground, and no weapons were left to rust in the damp conditions, but there was a mound of dirt about twenty yards from their camp site.
“Did Pacian give you any trouble overnight?” Aiden asked, when he noticed his friend snoring heavily nearby.
“He talked back to me quite a bit, but wasn’t game to get physical with me,” Colt responded as he threw a few more pieces of wood onto the fire. “After a while, I ended up giving him a hand.”
“That was decent of you,” Aiden remarked.
“Not really.” Colt shrugged. “He fell in a heap after a couple of hours, and I had to do the rest. Don’t let him tell you otherwise, though. That kid isn’t the most useful person to have around, and I can see why he took to scumbaggery.”
“Nice sword, by the way,” Aiden added, looking at the shining weapon lying on the ground next to Colt.
“Yeah, a real beauty, isn’t it? Fletcher won’t be needing it anymore, so I’ll put it to good use. I doubt he paid money for it, anyway. I’ve gathered up a bunch of their weapons and gear, too. Should fetch a decent price when we reach Culdeny. Mostly little swords and all the knives you could ever ask for, except a few Pace kept for himself.”
Aiden nodded absently, then turned his attention to Sayana, who was crouched under a tree nearby eating stew from a bowl. She gazed up at Aiden like a timid deer as he approached, reminding him of her wild nature. She emptied the bowl and with an extended hand, sent it hovering slowly through the air until it touched down next to the fire, along with the other bowls.
“Where are you from?” Aiden inquired as he sat across from her. She didn’t answer immediately, choosing to look at Aiden with glinting green eyes for a long moment instead. 
“I am of the Akoran mountain people,” she finally whispered. “My tribe lives in the mountains a few days’ travel south of here.” Aiden recognized the tribal name, having grown up close to the area where the native peoples of that region live. 
“What brings you into Aielund’s territory?” Nellise asked curiously. 
“I struck out on my own when food became scarce.” 
“You’re young to be out here in the wilds by yourself,” Nellise observed. “How long have you lived around here?”
“Six months. There was a great deal more food around here last summer; then the soldiers came through and hunted the place bare. The forest to the west has some game, but men patrol it with their bows and chase me away whenever I try to hunt there.”
“Those would be the king’s soldiers and his forest rangers,” Aiden remarked. “What of your abilities?”
“I’ve always been able to do that. I just make it happen.”
“You didn’t have to study?” 
“Study what?” Sayana asked, looking at him curiously. 
“Wizards typically have to study ancient texts for years to do what you achieve by instinct,” Aiden explained. 
“I don’t have any books,” Sayana hedged. “Also, what is a wizard?”
“Well, someone who can do what you just did, but they use words and symbols of power to summon mystical energies.”
“Sayana, you risked your life in the fight yesterday,” Nellise interrupted softly, “and for the life of me I can’t figure out why. You don’t know us, and we don’t know you either. Not that I’m complaining, mind you — feel free to save my life any time.” The hint of a smile finally drifted across her lips. 
“These men, these bandits, they have been hurting people here for some time, and making my life difficult. When there was nothing else to do, they would hunt me instead, often for days at a time. When I saw you on the road, I thought they were going to kill you too, but you were winning, so I did what little I could to help.”
“It was enough,” Aiden assured her. “Tell me — when you touched this piece of glass around my neck, something strange happened. What made you reach out like that?”
“Understand, the power I work with, the control I have over it, is instinctive. I need to be in tune with my feelings, because each emotion is a different state of energy that affects my abilities. I must be disciplined. 
“I don’t know where my powers come from, but when I touched that thing around your neck, it reminded me of something from when I was very young, and somehow, that’s connected to what I am.” 
Aiden lifted the glass shard from around his neck and held it out to her. She held it up to her eyes, looking closely at the remains of the glass sphere. Seeing nothing of interest, she hung it around her neck. 
Her eyes went wide and she gasped, staring off into the distance as her tattoos started to glow with a white light, dimly at first, but brighter as the seconds passed. The shard itself was glowing in the same manner. She was quite a sight at that moment, lit up like an angel.
“What the hell is going on over there?” Colt asked from the other side of the camp. Upon hearing his voice, the glow from Sayana’s body disappeared. “I was just talking,” she stammered, quickly handing the shard back to Aiden.
“You don’t need my permission to do anything,” Colt grunted, “but what was that light all about?”
“She was testing a possession of mine to see if it had some intrinsic power,” Aiden volunteered. “I wasn’t expecting the light show. I assume that means something significant?”
“You are correct; that glass shard is what I am sensing,” Sayana confirmed. “But I don’t know why. Is there anything else you can tell me about it? Perhaps where you found it?”
“Not a great deal, I’m afraid,” Aiden sighed. “It was a glass sphere about as large as your head, and it was glowing softly. I picked it up and I saw – I mean, I felt very strange for a few moments. Then I received a mild shock, which prompted me to drop the sphere, which shattered on the ground.” 
He no longer told people the whole truth about what had happened. After being ridiculed too many times in the months afterward, he decided to keep the details to himself. Only Pacian had an inkling of what was going on, and Aiden wasn’t sure how much of it he believed. 
“I’ve spent the years since trying to find out more about its origins. This shard was taken out of my hand afterward, and I wear it as a reminder.”
“Nothing else?” Sayana pressed. 
“Only that the sphere had some odd symbols around it, similar to writing,” Aiden added. “I figured they have some relevance, so I’ve spent much of the last few years trying to learn more about these sorts of things. Just before we left for Culdeny yesterday, I finally obtained a book that has more information. Not much to go on, but I plan on pursuing it when I have the time.”
“I would very much like to know more about this,” Sayana said, her voice reflecting the kind of eagerness that Aiden himself felt, pushing him to learn what had happened to him on that day in the cave, years ago.
“You’re welcome to travel with us,” he offered. “I’d like to hear more about your insights on this matter.” 
“About that,” Nellise said, after clearing her throat. “Could I have a word in private with you, Aiden?”
The pair left Sayana to rest and drew away to another area of the camp. “You have concerns about her?” he asked quietly.
“Well, yes; but this is another issue. I’m pleased to have had a hand opening the roads to Bracksford, despite all of the fighting and death, but I don’t want to associate with a criminal.”
“Pacian,” Aiden grumbled, realizing what she was referring to.
“I might have accepted his actions were simply self-defense at the beginning, but to murder a man in cold blood, without any sign of pity or remorse … no, I don’t think I can tolerate that. When we reach Culdeny, I’m going to turn him in to the authorities.”

Chapter Six

In the time it took Aiden to respond to Nellise’s statement, several possible reasons flashed through his mind, none of them good.
“I can’t say you’d be wrong to have Pacian arrested,” he began slowly, “but it’s not like he killed an innocent person, you know? He’d never do that.”
“I thought you were nice young men looking to help out the town, but I didn’t realize he was capable of such a brutal act. What he did to that man ... I don’t associate with cold-blooded murderers, Aiden.” 
“Pacian wasn’t always like this,” Aiden told her patiently. “I’m not saying what he did wasn’t wrong. It was, but he has his reasons.” 
Nellise shook her head steadfastly. “The reasons are irrelevant. Nothing can justify that sort of behavior.”
“Would you like to hear them before you pass judgement?” Aiden pressed. She looked at him curiously for a moment, seeming to consider what he was saying. “Indulge me,” he added a moment later. 
“Desperate times can drive people to extremes, yet I can’t imagine what might have driven Pacian to these violent ends. Please help me make sense of this.”
“I’ve known Pacian since I was seven years old. He and his parents moved to Coldstream from the east coast after their fortunes took a turn for the worse. They had a bakery, but it burned down in an accident, and they lost just about everything. Coldstream is a cheap place to live, although one can’t really make a fortune there either, so their new bakery barely made enough to keep them fed and clothed. Still, they survived.
“One day, around three years ago, some people came into town looking for Bryce Savidge, Pacian’s father. It turned out that he owed them a substantial amount of money from gambling debts. 
“He’d burned down the bakery to fake the family’s demise, thus freeing him of obligation. It seemed Bryce underestimated his debtors, as they’d managed to track him down in Coldstream.”
“I can guess this isn’t going to end well,” Nellise observed. 
Aiden nodded. “When Pacian went home that evening, he stumbled into the middle of a bad situation. Four thugs were there, destroying what few possessions they owned, looking for money. When Pace walked in, one of the men grabbed his mother and held a knife to her throat, demanding his money on the spot.
“Pace wasn’t always sure of himself, like he is today, but he was quite skilled at throwing knives. He gambled he could kill the thug before his mother’s throat was cut. He was wrong. 
“As soon as Pacian threw, the man cut her throat wide open. By the time it was over, all four men were dead, and Bryce was severely injured. Pacian managed to make it through with only a few bruises, but his mother was dead.” 
Nellise covered her open mouth with a hand, gasping in astonishment. “Pace had to live with the guilt of causing his mother’s death, for which his father never forgave him,” Aiden finished.
“Even though it was his gambling problems that brought those men to town in the first place,” Nellise finished. “The poor young man; he must be carrying around the burden of guilt for that act.”
“I’m sure he is,” Aiden agreed. “Not to mention having to live with his father, and deal with the constant loathing the man had for him after that terrible day. Bryce was always a bit rough on Pace, but after that he used to get drunk in the evenings and beat Pace until he ran off, only to return after his father had passed out. 
“Things only got harder from there. When I decided to leave town and head off on my own, Pacian came along.” 
Nellise was silent for a while as she considered all she had heard. “I see now why he killed that bandit,” she eventually said. “He sees in his enemies the men who killed his mother.” 
“You should have seen the remains of the men from that fight. He’d stabbed them a dozen or more times each after they’d fallen. He used to be lighthearted and easy going, but after it happened he was never the same. 
“So there you have it; a reason for his actions, but not an excuse. What you do with the information is up to you. If you want to have him locked up, I’ll understand perfectly. He’s not a bad person, just very, very angry.”
“Anger can lead to some very bad decisions, Aiden, so that isn’t reassuring. I want to speak with Pacian a little more before I make any decision,” Nellise answered. “Throwing him in prison is not going to heal his soul. He might be open to some help — my help, that is.”
“I don’t think he wants to be reminded of it,” Aiden replied doubtfully. “When you talk to him, be tactful.” 
“Fear not, I won’t scare him away,” she assured him. “And thank you for providing some perspective.” Aiden bowed his head slightly as Nellise walked over to where Pacian was stirring at last.
“Are your lives always this exciting?” Sayana asked, when Aiden came over to sit next to her again.
“Lately, yes,” Aiden sighed. “Up until a few months ago, I was up to my eyeballs in books. Had been for years. It’s all a bit of a shock to me, too.”
“If it’s all the same to you people,” Colt called, “I’d like to get to Culdeny sometime this year. Get your gear and move out.”
“Tell me more about your necklace,” Sayana requested, as Aiden moved to gather up his equipment. 
For the rest of the day, she stuck with Aiden like glue. At first, her questions were very straightforward, such as where the cave he had fallen into was, how he’d managed to get out again, and the like. It was only when she began inquiring further about the device itself that he had to become evasive. 
They made camp that night further along the highway, with another day of travel before they reached the safety of Culdeny. Colt was concerned the other bandits might try to attack again, so they took turns keeping watch through the night, including Sayana, who revealed she could see quite well in the darkness.
Aiden awoke the next day with a start, having experienced his old nightmare vision once more. To his astonishment, he saw Sayana sitting next to him, curiously watching as he struggled for breath.
“You were having a bad dream,” she remarked quietly. 
“That’s an understatement,” Aiden muttered as he wiped the sweat from his brow. “How long have you been watching me?”
“An hour or so. You made strange noises in your sleep. What were you dreaming?”
“It’s nothing; don’t worry about it,” Aiden said, to try and dissuade her interest.
“I’m not worried, just curious. But I will respect your wishes,” she responded, heading to the campfire to prepare their morning meal. 
Perhaps when the time was right, Aiden would tell her of the vision he had experienced, although he didn’t have much hope of her providing him with any further answers.
They set out on the last leg of their journey and before long, the road began sloping noticeably down as they neared the coast. Ahead, Nellise strolled alongside Pacian as they talked quietly. Occasionally he shouted a few words in protest, but she remained calm, in spite of what was clearly a difficult discussion. 
Before sunset, they broke free of the forest canopy and walked alongside clear fields as they approached of the town of Culdeny. An ancient stone wall five feet high ran along the entire edge of the town, with a solid-looking gate providing entrance to travelers. They had encountered nobody on the road during the journey, but that was about to change — their arrival would show that the way was safe for travel once again.
There were five guardsmen stationed at the gate, clad in breastplates and carrying pikes and short swords. Their polished and rust-free armor gleamed in the cloudy conditions, in stark contrast to the armored farmhands of Bracksford. 
The guards were surprised to hear the group had come through the bandit blockade on the highway, and impressed that Aiden and his friends had dealt with it. When asked if they could send reinforcements to the south, their answer was predictable.
“Every settlement and town in the area has had their garrisons depleted by His Majesty, and they’re all screaming for help,” the corporal explained. “Apparently, there’s been trouble brewing all over the place, with your less-reputable types taking advantage of the situation. 
“We’re stretched too thin — the mayor had to choose between the highway to the capital, and the southern road to Bracksford. What do you think we can do against an army of savages?”
“Great, another dead end,” Pacian muttered.
“I’ll pass the word on that the road is open again, but you should stop by and speak to the mayor yourselves when you get the chance,” the corporal advised, signaling to one of his men to open the gate. “I’ll make sure the merchants know they can travel south again once we’ve done a little scouting to confirm. Welcome to Culdeny, ladies and gents.” 
The cobblestone streets were bustling with heavily-clothed men and women conducting their daily business. Although it never really snowed here, Culdeny was still a cold place. Quaint, thatched cottages lined the broad streets, and the sounds of the sea could be heard echoing off the stone pier. The air had a tinge of saltiness and seaweed to it that was refreshing and bitter at the same time. Aiden had been here once before, many years ago when he was a child, but he had never forgotten that smell. 
“So, this is Culdeny,” he told Sayana, his breath misting in the chilly air. “Have you been here before?” Aiden could see she was uncomfortable. 
“I have never been out of the forests and hills,” she whispered. “People react badly to me sometimes.”
“I can’t imagine why,” Aiden remarked with a straight face. “I doubt anyone would give you any trouble around here if you’re with us. Just to be clear, if you want to return to the wilds, feel free to do so.”
“There is nothing left to eat back there,” she said with a shrug after a moment of thought. 
“You don’t want to go back to your homelands?” he inquired.
“I ... no,” she hedged. Though he didn’t let on, Aiden could tell that she hadn’t been entirely honest in her response. “If it’s all right, I’d like to stay with you for a while. I know nothing about cities, and it’s too hard to survive on my own.”
“Of course, you can stay with us,” Aiden responded with a welcoming smile. “As long as you like. You saved our lives back there; it’s the least we can do.” Sayana returned a shy smile and turned to take in the streets of civilization. 
“Ah, it’s nice to be home,” said Nellise wistfully, as she took in a breath of the salty sea air. “And it’s also nice to be walking along streets that aren’t up to my calves in water. I don’t know about the rest of you, but my boots are completely ruined.”
“Buy more, then,” Colt advised absently. “Speaking of something to drink, I think I’ll catch up with the rest of you at the inn.”
“Which inn?” Aiden called out as Colt hurried away. 
“The Seaspray Inn, down the road towards the docks. Can’t miss it.” 
“We should probably stop by the mayor’s office before we head there and finish up for the day,” Aiden said thoughtfully. 
Nellise looked at him in astonishment. “Looking like that, you wouldn’t even be allowed past the front door. The guards will be passing along the information, so our presence isn’t urgent. You and Pacian both need to clean yourselves up if you want anyone of high station to pay attention to you.” 
Aiden took a quick glance at his filthy attire and couldn’t argue the point. “He’ll probably want confirmation of the clear road from his own people, anyway. Can you take us to that inn?”
“Yes, it isn’t far.” Nellise led them along the cobblestone path. “I should warn you, though, it can be a little rough. The guard hinted at it back at the gate, but it’s not as bad as he suggested. It all depends on how many ships are docked, really.”
“Sailors, I’m guessing,” Pacian said. “Probably rowdy after spending months at sea; perfectly understandable.”
“What is a sailor?” Sayana asked. Aiden hadn’t really been paying attention to her, but now that he was, he could see she was very nervous. She walked in close step with Aiden, glancing around at all the people walking about.
“A man who works aboard a ship. You know what one of those is, right?”
“No. Aiden, I do not like it here,” Sayana advised cautiously. “There are too many people to fight.”
“You don’t have to fight these people, Sayana,” Aiden replied reassuringly, ignoring Pacian’s smirk. “Once you get cleaned up, you’ll fit in with everyone just fine. They’re going about their lives for the most part; they’re not hunting you, and you don’t have to steal for food.”
“But stay sharp and yell out if there’s any trouble,” Pacian added. “Not everyone’s a saint.” 
“Don’t set anyone on fire and I’m sure we’ll be fine,” Aiden finished, drawing a tense nod of understanding from Sayana. 
They continued on a little way down the road until they arrived at the Seaspray Inn, a huge wooden building that had clearly been expanded over the years. The crashing of waves against the shore was now quite loud, yet another thing that spooked Sayana, and she stared at the surging gray waters in fascination.
Inside the inn, the smell of pipe smoke and rum permeated the air. Dozens of patrons milled around in the common room. Some were seated at tables with large tankards grasped in both hands, while others sat at the bar, laughing and chatting with each other. 
Through the din, Aiden paid for two rooms to stay in, one for the ladies and one for the gentlemen, if Colt or Pacian could be called such. On the way upstairs, Aiden took the opportunity to speak with Nellise for a moment. 
“How did your talk with Pacian go?” he began. “He hasn’t been arrested yet, so I take it things went well?”
“He took some convincing,” Nellise answered, “but I believe with time and perseverance, he can be redeemed. He’s my new personal project.”
“Well, I’m sure he’ll appreciate your attention,” Aiden replied with cautious optimism. “Just don’t go giving him the wrong idea — he might mistake your interest for something else.” 
“Let me worry about that,” she replied with a knowing smile. “Mine is a subtle art, Aiden. He won’t even know what’s happening.” 
“As you say. Oh, if this is your hometown, don’t you have some place to stay? A house, or something?”
“My mother lives outside of town, so staying at the inn will be more convenient. I could also stay at the church, but I’d rather have some time to rest before I report to the high priestess, the Archioness. These rooms may be small, but compared to the chapterhouse, they’re practically palatial." 
The beds appeared comfortable, enticing Aiden to immediately shuck his boots and lie down to rest his weary body. Pacian was already lying face-down in his dirty leathers, snoring contentedly. Aiden relaxed on the bed, and it wasn’t long before he drifted off to sleep, still fully clothed. 

*          *          *

Aiden started awake, the nightmare from the cave haunting his dreams once more. He held his eyes tightly shut for a moment as he slowly escaped the dream and remembered where he was. A chill and bitter gale was rattling the shutters on the window, and the sounds of the bustling community outside were a constant background noise. 
The presence of people nearby was comforting, helping Aiden calm down and catch his breath. Pacian was snoring loudly, so Aiden slowly arose from the bed, put on his boots, and moved quietly out the door without waking him. 
The polished wooden halls of the inn were freezing cold; he headed straight for the common room and its huge fireplace. When he entered, Aiden was somewhat startled to see the scattered remains of several chairs and last night’s patrons sprawled haphazardly around the room.
Curiously, a few locals were enjoying their breakfast amid the destruction, as if nothing were amiss. Seeking to fit into this strange new culture, Aiden moved towards the bar, picking his way carefully among the comatose patrons so as not to step on any delicate areas. The bartender this morning was a plump young woman wearing a frilly red dress and a rosy-cheeked smile. 
“Morning, young master,” she greeted Aiden as he sat down on an unoccupied and still-intact stool. “Can I get you something?”
“A plate of whatever you have for breakfast,” he ordered. “Is this a regular occurrence?”
 “Breakfast?” she asked, seeming confused. “Happens around about this time every morning, last time I checked.”
“Ha, yes; actually, I was referring to the wreckage,” Aiden clarified.
“Oh, that,” she said, as if she hadn’t noticed the current state of the common room. “Maybe once a week, depending on how long some crews have been at sea.” 
A reflective look crossed her cherubic features. “Not sure what started this fight, though. They all seemed to be enjoying themselves for most of the evening. Anyway, let me get you something to eat, handsome.”
Aiden leaned back against the bar while he looked with amusement at a few of the locals, slowly rising like the dead from the grave, groaning and clutching their heads. From amongst the wreckage of a table, a familiar figure emerged. Aiden cracked a grin when he saw it was Colt, beaten and bloodied but still in one piece. 
“That’ll show the bastards,” the big man croaked, shambling towards the stairs, completely oblivious to Aiden’s presence. 
When his plate of food arrived, he focused on his meal and thought briefly about the close proximity of the old dwarven city of Ferrumgaard, only a few days’ travel west from Culdeny. He’d almost forgotten about it in the chaos of their journey here, but with supplies finally making their way south to Bracksford, the old city beckoned to him. Although it must have been looted many times in the last century, part of him still hoped the strange cube he sought was buried somewhere in its murky depths. 
“I’m looking for some information,” he said quietly to the cherubic girl. He pushed a silver noble towards her on the counter, enough to pay for ten drinks. “Do you know anyone familiar with the old city of Ferrumgaard?” 
The woman took the silver piece and appeared thoughtful. Before she could answer, a short, bearded man sitting a little further along the bar spoke up.
“Sorry, but I couldn’t help but overhear. Yer wantin’ to know more about Ferrumgaard? I can help ye out with that.” 
“Yes, that man right there,” the bartender pointed, quickly pocketing the coin, and looking as innocent as she could manage. “Glad to help; I’ll be out the back cleaning if you need me.” 
Before Aiden could protest, she was already scurrying through the door to the kitchens. The short man laughed.
“Typical woman, takes a man’s money then runs off,” he chortled. “But ya didn’t want to hear about women, now did ya, lad? Nay, it’s Ferrumgaard what’s on yer mind, and I’ll tell ya what you want to know. The name’s Clavis MacAliese.”
“Aiden Wainwright. Good to meet you,” Aiden said, getting off his stool and moving over to shake the man’s hand firmly. 
“So, Aiden, what’s yer interest in the fallen city of Ferrumgaard?” Clavis continued, sipping ale from a large tankard. “Nobody goes there and returns the same, y’know. Changes a man — makes him see his own mortality.” 
“I have an interest in the historical aspects of the place,” Aiden carefully explained. “Specifically, some research that was being done before the city was abandoned. Tell me, how familiar are you with the layout of the old city?”
“I’m well acquainted,” Clavis assured him, “having lived there as a lad. Also, I visited there not two years ago on me own little expedition. Didn’t make it past the third level, afore I ran into some difficulties, but ya won’t find anyone more qualified to guide ya through the depths of ol’ Ferrumgaard than I.” 
Aiden gave him a doubtful look. “Wait a moment; you said you were there as a ‘lad’? That city was destroyed a century ago.” 
“That surprises ya?” Clavis chuckled and wiped the foam from his beard. “I’m a hundred and twenty-three years old, I’ll have ye know. We clansmen are long lived, compared to you longshanks.” 
“Oh, you’re dwarven,” Aiden exclaimed, suddenly making the connection. He glanced down at Clavis’s feet, and noticed they were much higher off the ground than his own. “Sorry about that, sir; I haven’t met one of your kind before. I was expecting something ... shorter.” 
“This must be a real thrill for ya,” Clavis joked, drawing a short laugh from Aiden. 
“You mentioned running into some difficulty,” he pressed, keeping the conversation on topic. “What exactly does that mean?” 
“Well, ya know, an ancient underground city and all. Not exactly in the best condition. Ran into a few collapsed sections that slowed down the expedition. We were about done cuttin’ through the rock when we ran out o’ supplies, so had to turn back. It won’t be a problem, lad, if that’s what yer thinking. So long as we’ve got enough provisions, that rock fall won’t be an issue this time.”
Though he realized there was a chance that nothing related to his relic had survived all these years, Aiden suddenly couldn’t bear the thought of not visiting the once-great city. The dreams he experienced twice a week wouldn’t let him forget that fateful day in the cave. 
“Do you think it’s likely the lower levels have all collapsed?” Aiden pressed, with unintended intensity. Clavis seemed to notice this, shifting backward in his seat a little.
“I doubt it, mate,” the dwarf explained. “Me people knew how to build these things to last, even if a couple of columns have fallen over the past century.”
“So, it’s possible to bypass any obstructions to get below?”
“Most definitely,” Clavis assured him. “I look on me past attempts as test-runs, and now I’m ready to crack this thing wide open and get what I came for.”
“Good, that’s good,” Aiden muttered, feeling a measure of relief at this. “If I might ask, what’s your interest in the old city?”
“I’m looking fer a family heirloom that was lost during the fall,” Clavis explained. “Much was left behind on that fateful day, most of it in the lower sections o’ the city. It’d be good to bring it back and return it to Stonegaard, where it should be.” 
“That’s your new mountain home, yes?” Aiden confirmed, receiving a nod from Clavis. “I think our goals might be compatible. I’ll have to talk it over with my companions, who may or may not wish to join in.”
“Oh, ye’ve got some friends? That’s even better. I was gonna poke around for a few more to join the expedition, but if yer mates come along, that saves me the trouble.”
“Well, as I said, I haven’t asked them yet, so I’ll have to get back to you a bit later,” Aiden reiterated. “Are you in a rush to set out?” 
“Well, I’d like to get movin’ in the next few days,” Clavis replied, tugging his beard thoughtfully. “But truth be told, I haven’t been able to find anyone else interested in me little underground expedition besides yerself, so I’m thinkin’ I’ll be available for the next month, if nobody else comes along. Still, I’d like an answer in the next few days, if ya could, lad, out o’ politeness.”
“I am nothing if not polite,” Aiden assured him. “I’ll probably get back to you by tomorrow, if all goes well, as I have a few things to attend to … and you look like you’re incredibly busy right now.” 
Clavis roared with laughter. “Yer all right, longshanks. I’ll be here, as I have been for the past week, when yer ready to talk some more.” 
“Wait, were you here through last night’s brawl?” Aiden asked as he was about to leave.
“Of course,” Clavis replied, quaffing his drink. “I wouldna’ miss a good brawl.”
“How is it you’re not injured? Everyone else here looks like they’ve been through a war.” 
“A good bar fight takes practice, lad, and I’ve had a few extra decades to learn a trick or two,” Clavis explained with a wink. “Not that I go around starting fights, mind you; I just tend to be the one that finishes ’em.” 
“Did you finish this one?”
“Surely did,” the dwarf assured him. “Laid out some sailors who were enjoyin’ themselves a bit too much. They were havin’ a go at some big brute in camouflage leathers, suggestin’ his mother was a bear. Why?”
“Oh, no reason,” Aiden replied, struggling to keep a straight face. He was heading towards the front door of the Seaspray Inn when Nellise, Pacian, and Sayana came down the stairs. 
“Good morning,” she greeted him. “You and Pacian should get some breakfast and bathe before we visit the mayor’s office. The same goes for you, Sayana. Come with me.”
They parted ways, and after his bath, Aiden did feel a lot better, as if he’d washed away much of the recent turmoil he had experienced. He didn’t linger on thoughts of their battle on the highway, though the look on the face of the first man he’d killed would probably haunt him for the rest of his days. 
After he’d dressed, he knocked on the door across from his, where Pacian had gone for his own bath. “You done in there?” Aiden called.
“I’d rather stay warm a while longer than talk to some bloated politician,” Pacian called back. “I’ll meet you later.” 
Unsurprised by Pacian’s choice, Aiden headed out and followed Nellise’s advice, buying some new clothes to spruce up his appearance before he rejoined the ladies on the street a little while later.
 They expressed their approval as Aiden fell into step with them on their way to the mayoral offices. Sayana was clean from top to toe for the first time since they’d met, and Aiden thought to himself that she looked like a new woman. 
Her red hair was curly and had a spring to it, cascading down her shoulders. A smattering of freckles adorned her face, and large, bright green eyes looked at her surroundings with growing confidence. 
Nellise pointed out a few features of interest, mostly for Sayana’s benefit, and Aiden noted that the two women seemed to be bonding quite nicely. Nellise had a thing for helping people in need, and Sayana was very much a fish out of water in this urban environment.
Nellise guided them toward a huge, elegant building in the crowded market area of the town, an old mansion that had been converted into an office. It dominated the town square, and was easily the most expensive building Aiden had ever seen. There were signs of recent work on the house, and it positively gleamed in a town full of plain, homespun accommodation.
“I guess someone has money to throw around,” Aiden observed dryly, a little disgusted at the garish display of riches. 
“Were you expecting a nobleman to be modest with his wealth?” Nellise said. “At least he’s spending his money around town. He is no better or worse than the rest, though I still find dealings with all people of means to be a little distasteful. Let’s get this over with, shall we?” 
Without further delay, they strode up the stairs and walked inside.

Chapter Seven

Two guards standing inside the doors scrutinized them carefully as Aiden and the women went past. A long hallway, lined with paintings and plush chairs, led to a pair of finely gilded double doors, open to reveal a large room beyond. Judging by the colorful language coming from within, the mayor probably wasn’t aware he could be overheard. 
There were several people in the hallway awaiting their time to speak with the head of the town, some of them members of the town guard, who were unshaven and appeared near exhaustion. Among them, much to Aiden’s surprise, was Colt, sitting in one of the chairs right next to the doorway. 
Feeling self-conscious, Aiden quickly led his two companions past other waiting people before they could protest. Sayana held back for a moment, clearly nervous about being in a room packed with people, but Nellise coaxed her inside with gentle reassurance.
Colt was slumped in his comfortable chair, still looking hung over from last night’s entertainment. He glanced up briefly as Aiden stopped in front of him, and then continued looking down at the floor, shielding his eyes with the raised hood on his cloak.
“You tryin’ to cut line?” he said, voice grating. Aiden was sure he didn’t intend to sound mean and dangerous; the words were simply coming out that way. 
“That depends on what you’re doing here,” he replied. “Truth be told, I was expecting you to be asleep right now.”
“I got sleep last night,” Colt corrected him. 
“On the floor of the common room?”
“You’d be surprised how comfortable a pile of fat drunks can be. And to answer your question, I’m here to speak with His Mayorship, probably same as you’re doing.”
“Looking like that?” Nellise asked, amused and shocked at the same time. 
“I’m a ranger; we’re expected to be covered in muck.”
“I was referring to your bruised and bloodied face, actually.” 
“I figure it’ll help back up my claim that it’s getting rough out there,” Colt said with a shrug. “Assuming he doesn’t faint at the sight of blood, of course.”
“Well, we’re coming in with you, then. We’re with him,” Aiden added for the benefit of a scowling farmer sitting next in line from the ranger. There were no spare seats for them, so they stood in the middle of the hallway and waited their turn. Sayana idly picked at her new clothing and shifted her shoulders, trying to get comfortable in her strange new garments. 
“Bugger this,” Colt eventually grunted, and stepped into the mayor’s office. Shrugging, Aiden followed along cautiously, wondering how long it would take for the guards to be called. 
An officious little man was standing close to the door and quickly moved to block their entrance. “You must wait your turn, sir!” he complained. 
Colt didn’t reply, instead focusing his attention on the pair of gentlemen behind the little man. One of them was large, balding, and dressed in a gold-embroidered blue longcoat, with a large upstanding collar, who appeared to be talking to an old farmer. 
“I’m sorry sir,” the official apologized to the mayor. “They just barged in. Shall I call the guards?” 
The mayor gave them all an irritated look. “No, I enjoy hordes of unwashed peasantry tramping through my office. You interlopers had better offer up a good reason for this intrusion.”
“My apologies to you sir, and you, Your Honor.” Nellise spoke just as Colt was opening his mouth. “This is an important matter regarding security on the highway to the south.” 
The mayor looked at her for a few moments, and then nodded to his associate. “You may speak, miss, if only to give me a brief respite from these damnable common folks.” 
The small official bowed, and quickly ushered the surprised old farmer out of the chamber. “Mister Colt and … er ... party, Mayor Buchanan will see you now,” the official declared lamely. 
“‘Mister Colt?’” Nellise remarked quietly. “I thought Colt was your first name.” 
“What kind of a first name is Colt?” 
“That’s what I said to myself when I first met you,” she responded lightly. 
“I do apologize if I am interrupting, but will you kindly get to the point,” the mayor almost shouted.
“A small matter, Your Honor,” Aiden began, his tone carefully deferential. “Mayor Olaf of Bracksford requests additional soldiers for his garrison, and for that of Coldstream as well. There is an imminent threat of Akoran raiders moving up from the south, and he feels they do not have the—”
“No, they cannot have any troops,” Buchanan interrupted impatiently. Then he leaned over and shouted down the corridor. “Neither can any of you! I can spare no further men-at-arms for outlying villages, so you parasites can scuttle back to where you came from.” 
A collective groan went up from more than half of the assembled men and women, as they tiredly rose from their seats and shuffled out of the door. Nellise’s brow furrowed slightly, offering a hint as to her apparent disapproval.
“That was downright cruel,” Colt growled. “Those people came here expecting help, the kind what’s armed with bows and swords.” 
Buchanan straightened his expensive coat and stood tall, making his ample waist more pronounced. “You may think of me as you wish, but my first duty is to this town and the people within her walls. Better that a few suffer, if it means the greater number remain safe. 
“Olaf will have to make do with what he has. If he feels the quantity of his garrison is inadequate, he can easily draft local civilians into the militia to bolster his defenses. Now, there is nothing further I can do for you, so if you are quite finished...” 
He gestured expansively toward the exit. Aiden, exasperated, looked to Nellise for anything she might want to add.
“Anything you could provide, even a symbolic gesture would go a long way,” she implored, which only seemed to harden the mayor’s resolve.
“My position is unchanged,” he answered stubbornly.
“Well … I think we’re done here,” Aiden muttered, turning and walking out the doors. The others followed closely behind, remaining silent until they were some distance from the mayoral building.
“Arrogant ass,” Colt spat. “No band of outlaws or Akoran raiders is going to attack a town the size of Culdeny. He could easily have sent a dozen men south.”
“Perhaps. Perhaps not,” Nellise countered. “He is the one responsible if anything goes wrong, so if he sent reinforcements elsewhere and Culdeny did come under attack, the mayor is the one who will be blamed.”
“The same holds true if he doesn’t send soldiers to help Bracksford and they do come under attack,” Aiden added. “The poor bastard probably doesn’t know what to do; no matter what happens, he’s going to get blamed.”
“That would probably explain his disposition,” Nellise mused. “Tell me, Sayana, you are of the Akoran people, are you not? Would they really attack an entire town?” 
The wild young woman didn’t answer right away, but Aiden couldn’t tell if she was thinking, or merely uncomfortable with the question. “There are many kind and noble people among the tribes,” she said at last, “but there are also many angry men, descendants of those who lived during a time when Aielund seized or conquered Akoran lands. If there is talk of war from the tribes, it is these men who would push for conflict to take back what is rightfully theirs.”
“Wonderful,” Aiden grumbled. “As if we didn’t have enough to deal with at the moment.” 
“If they’ve heard that your king has taken your soldiers far away, they might see this as the perfect time to strike,” Sayana added. “The threat could be very real.” 
Aiden and the others thought about her words until Colt broke the pensive silence. “Damn, this sun is bright; not used to such clear skies,” he muttered, pulling his hood up again to cover his eyes.
“I think it’s probably more the hangover than the sun,” Nellise chided. “I should check in at the church and inform them of recent developments.”
“Fair enough,” Aiden said. “I have something else I want to talk to you all about, as soon as we get back to the inn. I have a job that needs doing, and I’d really like your help, if you’re willing.” 
“What is it?” Sayana asked curiously.
“It’s a long story; I’ll tell you about it over lunch.” 
They made their way along the cobblestone streets, passing merchants hawking their wares and the local citizenry going about their daily affairs. The rare sunny day brightened their spirits, in spite of the looming threat overhanging their land. It was still quite cold, but it was nevertheless a welcome respite from the unrelenting rain in the south. 
Without warning, Pacian materialized from the crowd to Aiden’s right, giving him quite a start. “Give me a little notice before you appear out of thin air like that, would you?” 
“Where’s the fun in that?” Pacian asked with a smirk. He’d cleaned himself up after rising that morning — his hair had been trimmed and brushed, his skin was completely clean, and he’d even shaved his scraggly beard down to a stylish, if sparse, goatee. 
“What’s with the neatness? You look like you’re going to ask the Princess of Fairloch out for dinner.” 
Pacian’s eyes gleamed, and his eyes darted around to make sure the others in their group weren’t listening. Colt and Sayana were a few yards away, shopping at one of the market stalls.
“I think Nel has a thing for me,” Pacian confided. “She suggested I clean myself up, so I wanted to make an impression.” 
Aiden concealed a grin, unsure who was playing whom at the moment. “I think you’re barking up the wrong tree, mate,” he advised. “She is a member of the Church, you know.”
“Maybe, maybe not,” the irrepressible Pacian said with a wry look as he joined up with the others. 
Presently, they arrived at the church of Culdeny, a squat, stone-walled structure. Above the doors was the symbol of a sword, point down, with a halo around the hilt — the symbol of the Church of Aielund. Nellise had a tiny version of this symbol on a thin chain around her neck. 
Beautifully crafted, stained-glass windows added color to the almost universally gray stone of the surrounding buildings. A small group of people were leaving just as Aiden and the others stepped through the tall, bound wood doors.
The interior walls of the church were raw stone. Torches placed in sconces along the walls provided more light, giving the nave the ambience of perpetual twilight. It was far more elaborate than the small chapel Aiden had seen in his hometown, but still lacked the feeling of grandeur he associated with a place of worship. 
An older woman with bright gray eyes and small stature caught Nellise’s attention, and she excused herself from the group. The two ladies of the cloth walked through a doorway at the rear of the nave, and Aiden sat back on one of the pews. Colt slumped down beside him and pulled his hood low over his eyes, appearing to doze off, while Pacian casually walked around inside the church, examining the architecture.
It was perhaps ten minutes later that Sayana, gazing out of a window, noticed something unusual. “Is that supposed to be happening?” she remarked, standing on the tips of her toes to see properly. 
Curious, Aiden wandered over to the window and looked out. There was a large cemetery to the left that ran all the way to the wall of the town, roughly fifty yards away. The ground directly between the church and the wall consisted mostly of tall grass, but appeared as if it had been deeply gouged somehow, and even as he looked the soil fell away in clumps, vanishing into the increasingly large hole beneath.
“That can’t be right,” Aiden muttered in disbelief, as he saw the distant wall shudder and tilt, the ground beneath it giving way. 
The progress of the subsidence had been slow and steady, until it suddenly crumbled altogether, and a cloud of soil shot upwards through the rift. A dull rumble could be felt through the floor, a true indication of the scale of the collapse. From nearby windows, local men and women looked out in astonishment at the sudden change in the landscape.
“The bloody ground is caving in?” Pacian said incredulously. Aiden had no answer for him, having never before seen the like. He found it all quite fascinating, until he saw somebody’s hand poking up through the large scar that ran along the ground.
“There’s someone in there,” Aiden breathed, and immediately ran for the door. He rushed around the corner of the church itself and didn’t stop until he was at the lip of the rift, where he skidded to a halt. Scanning around carefully, he finally located the hand that emerged macabrely from the earth, and satisfied that the collapse had finished, carefully made his way down the side of the exposed earth towards it.
By the time he was within reach of the hand, his companions had caught up with him and looked on in consternation. As Aiden grasped it, he noticed fresh blood running down one side of the arm. He grasped it and pulled, expecting to help the poor soul who had fallen in the collapse, but instead found himself holding only a severed arm.
“I think it’s too late for that one,” Pacian remarked morbidly, as Aiden dropped the arm in revulsion. 
“It might be a freshly-buried body from the cemetery,” Colt suggested. 
“No, it can’t be,” Aiden responded after a moment’s thought. “The hand was warm, and the blood was still fresh.” He looked back up at the others as the answer came to him. “I think he was already underground.”
“One way to find out,” Colt muttered, sliding down the incline to land next to Aiden. Using his hands, he began to dig away at the loose soil, attempting to uncover what lay beneath. Aiden and the others joined in, until a vast amount of dirt had been shoveled away.
The digging stopped when they ran into a freshly-cut beam of wood, a pick-axe, and yet another body amongst the rubble. By now, a small crowd of locals had gathered above them, peering curiously down at the odd scene.
“Is this a collapsed mine?” Aiden asked aloud, unsure what to make of the odd discovery.
“In the middle of a town? Not likely,” Colt snorted. “I can think of only one reason they’d be here. They’re called sappers — men trained to undermine the walls of a town in order to bring them down or bypass them completely. I’ve no idea what they’re doing here, but I’d wager a gold sovereign that’s what these poor bastards are.”
“Who would want to break into Culdeny like this?” Aiden mused quietly. Pacian took a more personal approach. Half-buried in soil, he scoured the bodies, searching their pockets and meagre possessions for any sign of who or what they were. After a minute or so, he retrieved a folded sheaf of paper from one of the bodies and pocketed it, along with a few minor coins.
“Hey, you lot down there,” called a guardsman from above. “Get away from that; it could collapse further at any moment!” 
“Sorry sir, we were trying to help,” Aiden called back, signaling to the others that their time here was done. 
Nearly fifty people were milling around nearby, talking amongst themselves, as several members of the local guard regiment kept them at bay. The guard who had ordered them out of the hole asked a series of questions regarding their involvement, but after a few minutes, allowed them to leave. During the questioning, Aiden noticed that Pace didn’t mention the note he’d found.
“What was he going to do with it, file it away or something?” Pacian protested when asked about this. “Bugger that — I want to know what was so important that that sapper took it to his grave.” 
He led them to the doorway of the church and, making sure they weren’t being watched, produced the note and carefully unfolded it. There was more dirt than words on the page, which consisted of little more than a sentence or two. But the lettering was crisp, and Aiden guessed that whoever wrote it was likely an educated person. 
“What does it say?” Sayana asked.
“Find a way into Culdeny. I don’t care how you do it, but my forces must have access by the end of the month,” Aiden read aloud as he peered over Pacian’s shoulder. “Signed, R.B.”
“Thought so,” Colt grunted in triumph. “Someone with the initials R.B. ordered those men to dig their way in — for what, I can’t say. But that’s practically an act of war.” 
As they pondered the importance of the document Pacian had recovered, Nellise and the matronly priestess appeared at the entrance. “What on earth just happened?” Nellise exclaimed. 
Aiden let her know what they’d discovered, and then showed her the note. “You should take this to the Sergeant of the Guard immediately,” she advised breathlessly. “I don’t know what threats are facing the town, but thank God you discovered this when you did.”
“I agree,” Aiden assured her. “Are you finished with your affairs?”
“We were about to discuss that when I noticed the commotion outside,” Nellise answered. “I was wondering if you still required my services here, Archioness. I am ready to return to the church and resume my former duties, if you so desire.”
“I had planned for you to do just that, Nellise,” the Archioness explained with a smooth voice, “But from what you’ve described, and in spite of dealing with some very unpleasant situations, you have been an invaluable aid to your companions.”
“Her particular gifts have kept us alive,” Aiden agreed, “but if you don’t want her in harm’s way, I can understand why you’d keep her here in town.”
“I’m sure you’re all aware of the situation throughout the western kingdom,” the priestess confided. “We’re all going to have to contribute if we want to maintain order and peace throughout the land. 
“Nellise has already proven herself worthy of the task, and so, in spite of my concerns, I believe she will be of further use to you in the field, rather than dusting old bookshelves here in the church. It also speaks well of the church itself, that we are willing to risk our lives to help others.”
“I am pleased you have such faith in me, Mother,” Nellise answered, sounding slightly taken aback at the praise. 
“There are some in the hierarchy who would frown upon an acolyte carrying a crossbow around, but I think it is appropriate to defend yourself in these difficult times,” the Archioness added. “However, while your companions go and speak with the sergeant of the guard, I would ask that you aid me with a few tasks around here for a couple of hours, before you head out again.”
“Certainly, Mother,” Nellise replied, then turned to Aiden. “I’ll catch up with the rest of you at the inn this evening.” He gave her a polite bow as the two ladies of the cloth disappeared inside once more.
“You see?” Pacian whispered with a nudge to Aiden’s ribs. “They may be in the church, but they can be flexible with certain restrictions.” 
“Give it up, Pace; she’s not going to succumb to your charms,” Aiden retorted under his breath, noticing Sayana, just out of earshot, was looking at them curiously. 
 “You know, that high priest lady seems pretty decent,” Colt remarked, oblivious to their discussion. “Maybe there’s a few priests with backbone around here after all. 
“Anyway, let’s move. There’s no guarantee all of the sappers were killed in the collapse. All it would take is for one of those bastards to get away and tell that R.B. person what happened, and we might never find out who was behind it.” 
Without any dissenting opinions, the four of them headed for the local guardhouse. “Are they like wizards?” Sayana asked Aiden as they walked.
“The priests? No, not at all,” he replied, a little puzzled by her question. 
“I want to know how I’m different from them,” she clarified. 
“Ah, well, that’s a longer story,” Aiden hedged. “They ask an angel of God for their power, and she provides it. It’s more complex than that, and I don’t know anything more about how that all works, but you’re as different from them as you are from wizards.”
“Interesting,” Sayana mused, appearing pensive and thoughtful as they continued walking. 
It wasn’t difficult to find the guard barracks. Even hungover and injured, Colt was able to point them in the right direction. The building near the front gate was basically a small fort inside the town. Heavy stone walls two stories high gave it a bulky, squat appearance that would have been more intimidating if the rail on the top floor wasn’t being used to air out ladies’ undergarments. 
“Interesting decoration,” Pacian quipped. “Maybe there’s a brothel upstairs?”
“What’s a brothel?” Sayana asked, puzzled. Aiden and Pacian exchanged a hesitant glance.
“You tell her,” they both said at once. Colt laughed, the first time Aiden could recall hearing it. 
“I’ll tell you some other time,” Aiden said to Sayana, who glared at Colt, probably assuming she was once again the butt of some joke. Aiden opened the heavy wooden door before him and stepped inside. 
Before him was a small room that seemed to be an office, with stairs against the far wall and a doorway on the left, presumably leading to the rest of the barracks. A woman sat at a desk, busily writing on documents with a quill, her dark hair tied back in a plait and her head bent over her task.
Aiden walked forward and stood in front of the desk, making sure his boots made enough noise on the wooden floor to attract her attention. She had swarthy skin, large, brown eyes, and wore a guard’s uniform.
“Is there something I can do for you?” she asked, looking up to see who had entered.
“I was wondering if I could speak with the captain of the guard,” Aiden replied formally.
“Concerning?” 
“An important matter of town security,” Aiden added, somewhat impatiently. 
“I’m afraid the captain is two hundred miles away fighting for his country,” she explained delicately. “But you can tell me your problem, and I’ll let him know when he gets back.” 
Aiden blinked, caught off guard by the unexpected answer and feeling stupid as a result. “I’m sorry; I guess I should have known he’d be away fighting in the war.” 
“We can’t all be brilliant,” she replied tiredly. “I’m Sergeant Ariel, temporarily in command of the Kingdom Guard of Culdeny.”
“Aiden Wainwright and associates.”
“Oh, I see. I was informed that you lot cleared the highway of bandits,” Ariel remarked. “I’ve sent a few of my more experienced people out to take a look, but if it’s true, you have our thanks.”
“It was mostly Colt’s work, but we all pitched in,” Aiden explained. 
Ariel glanced at the unkempt and bear-like ranger with an expression of mild distaste at his rough appearance. “Yes, I’m sure. Anyway, was there something else you wanted?”
“We recovered a document from a group of deceased men digging their way under your walls,” Aiden answered, prompting Ariel to give him a sharp look. 
“One of my men told me about the collapse, but I hadn’t heard anything about evidence turning up. Tell me what you know,” she ordered. 
Aiden proceeded to do so, ably supported by Pacian and the occasional remark from Colt as they filled in details he’d overlooked. 
When they were done, Ariel slumped back down in her chair. “And the document?”
Pacian handed her the note he had taken from what he assumed was their leader. The sergeant took the paper and read it several times, possibly trying to glean more information from the brief message than was actually there. 
Now that he had a better look at her, Aiden could see that she was very fit, and clearly not a secretary or desk sergeant, as he had briefly thought earlier. This woman was trained to fight, which wasn’t exactly common these days. 
Much like the rest of the country, the town was obviously hard-pressed to find enough people to fill important posts during this time of war. He also noticed a wedding band on one of her fingers.
“I wonder who this R.B. is,” she mused. 
“We’ve been thinking the same thing ourselves,” Pacian remarked, surreptitiously examining the sergeant with an expert eye. “What’s your take on it, sarge?”
“Well, someone wants a tunnel large enough for forces to move through, and that suggests an army. The only force in the region with anywhere near the numbers required to take a town of this size are the Steel Tigers, a mercenary company.”
“There’s a company of mercs near Culdeny?” Colt asked ominously. “What idiot hired ’em ?”
“Probably one of the local merchants,” Ariel suggested, noticing Sayana taking a close look at some swords hanging on a rack next to the desk. “They’ve been concerned about bandit raids on their caravans along the mountains between here and Fairloch. I guess they didn’t care about the road south, though. I wonder if R.B. could be Ronald Bartlett.”
“Who’s that?” Aiden inquired. 
“A nobleman who operates the North Shore Trading Company out of Culdeny, along with a few other wealthy individuals,” she explained. “They have a lot of financial backing, and could probably afford a mercenary company.”
“Sounds like you should pay him a visit and ask him a few pointed questions,” Pacian suggested. 
Ariel shook her head and shifted in her chair. “He doesn’t mingle with the commoners a lot, as you’d expect. He’s either behind the gates of his business, or at his private gentleman’s club upstairs, a very exclusive gathering of movers and shakers.”
“Ok, so you do know where to find him,” Colt said impatiently. “Go do your job.” 
“I would very much like to do that, but they don’t tolerate women in their gentlemen’s club,” she replied evenly. “In fact, only ten people in town are wealthy and powerful enough to qualify for entry. 
“Frankly, bothering such an influential man based on this evidence is fraught with bad outcomes. I’d want something more definitive before I’d even consider it. They’ve enough power to remove me from office, if it came to it. 
“I’m sorry to say this, but there’s not much I can do with the evidence you’ve given me. This is only a hunch we’re going on here, and it’s going to take more than a scrawled note to figure out who’s behind the attack.”
“I understand,” Aiden remarked, keeping an eye on Sayana as she tried on a helmet without Ariel noticing. “I think we’ve taken up enough of your time, so we’ll leave you to it.”
“Yes, I need to personally inspect the scene of this tunnel and go from there,” Ariel agreed, leaving her desk and reaching for her helmet, which Sayana quickly handed to her with a smile. “Thank you for bringing this to my attention.”
Aiden gestured for the others to follow him outside, and once they were standing in the cold winter sun away from the barracks, he turned to them for a quiet discussion.
“Ariel’s right; she can’t make waves without risking her position. But we don’t have that problem.” 
“You want to check out this Bartlett bloke for ourselves?” Colt said.
“Why bother?” Pacian asked. “How is this our problem, exactly?”
“Because we can act where she can’t,” Aiden explained. “All we need to do is get into this club and speak with Bartlett for a few minutes. If we find out something definitive, we bring it to the sarge. If not, no harm done.”
“How are you planning to get into this place?” Pacian asked. “It sounds like they’ll have security measures to make sure people like us can’t get in there. Otherwise, it’s not much of an exclusive club, is it?”
“Ariel said only the wealthy and powerful have access. I’d bet every coin I have that the mayor is allowed in. We’ll go and pay him another visit and tell him we’re on an investigation, and Bartlett could help with that.”
“Interesting,” Colt rumbled thoughtfully. “It’s worth a shot. This isn’t some simple crime we’ve witnessed; someone with considerable clout was trying to create a secret entrance into the city.”
“All right, I’m in,” Pacian agreed.
“I think I’ll sit this one out,” Sayana said quietly.
“No, I want you with us,” Aiden disagreed. “I have an idea that you’re perfect for.”
“You want me along, too?” Colt asked. “You probably know I’m not going to be any good talkin’ with nobles.” 
Aiden considered this for a moment. “I guess it wouldn’t hurt to have you looming in the background,” he finally decided. “Just don’t say anything.” 
“I can loom with the best of them,” Colt grunted with a slight grin.

*          *          *

 “You again,” Mayor Buchanan sighed, as Aiden and the others pushed their way through to the office once more. The queue outside had returned in their absence. “What on earth could you possibly want from me now?” 
Aiden put on his best diplomatic face. “I understand you are a member of the Culdeny Gentlemen’s Club?” he bluffed, not actually knowing this at all.
“Indeed I am. It is a place I go to unwind from the hassles of my office — such as yourselves. What business is it of yours?”
“I have need to speak with Ronald Bartlett, co-owner of the North Shore Trading Company,” Aiden explained, keeping a lid on his excitement. “I have been informed I will not be permitted into the club.”
“Quite so,” Buchanan answered. “Try not to take offense, as the club exists primarily to let men such as myself take a break from the rigors of our station.” 
“We’ve come from the barracks, where I spoke with Sergeant Ariel. An incident occurred this morning concerning the security of the town, and she thought it might be prudent to consult Ronald Bartlett about it, but he’s a difficult man to reach,” Aiden said, technically not lying about any of it. 
“Quite so; he’s a busy man, and if he’s not working with his company, he’s typically relaxing within the confines of the club. Are you … suggesting I should give you access?”
“If that’s where we can find him, sure,” Aiden agreed, sounding like he thought it was a great idea he hadn’t considered.
“I’m sorry, but my reputation would be ruined if I allow common folk into a private club. Perhaps I’ll mention this to him tonight, when I stop by for brandy and cigars.” 
Aiden was about to continue, but Pacian stepped forward. “It’s in your best interest to help us out here,” he said, keeping his voice low and casting his gaze around, as if to check for who might be listening. 
“Some information we recently received implicates you and the mayor of Bracksford in some, shall we say, highly illegal activities with the North Shore Trading Company. Does the name Merin ring a bell?”
Buchanan turned bright red and broke out in a sweat. “Mm-hmm,” Pacian said. "Help us out here, and that information will almost certainly be tragically lost somehow. Otherwise, well, these things have a way of getting out, if you know what I mean.”
“You wouldn’t,” Buchanan said under his breath, looking suitably panicked. Aiden was surprised by the sudden change in direction for their little gambit, but it seemed to be working.
“What goes around, comes around,” Colt growled, playing along. “You should be thankful we haven’t turned you in to the authorities already.” 
Buchanan glanced over at his assistant, whose had buried his head in a pile of papers on the desk, working feverishly so he didn’t have to face his boss. “As it happens, I would be more than willing to aid the efforts of our local watchmen,” Buchanan relented, in a slightly raised voice. 
“Go to the offices of the North Shore Trading Company and say the word Calument to the doorman, and he will know you have my consent. Take this key,” he added, fishing a small silver chain out of his waistcoat and handing it to Aiden. “That will allow you access to the club and serve as further proof. I expect it returned promptly, sir.”
“Your dedication to the safety of this town has been noted, mayor,” Aiden replied dryly, taking the key and placing it in his pocket. “Good day to you, sir.”
Buchanan nodded and mopped his forehead with a handkerchief as Aiden led the others back out through the hallway again, ignoring the black looks from the waiting people. 
“I don’t recall seeing Buchanan’s name on that document we took from Merin,” Aiden said when they were safely outside of the echoing hallway. “How did you know the mayor was in on it?”
“I didn’t,” Pacian said with a shrug, trying to keep his face free of a smug smile that threatened to take it over. “It was a gamble, but it paid off. The simple fact that the town guards here in Culdeny could have marched south to clear the road, but didn’t, made me think Buchanan was in on it. 
“Remember, that document we took from Merin said the stuff they were involved with was happening here, right under Buchanan’s nose. I reckon their whole shady deal has gone belly-up, and that’s what has him so worried.”
“You got lucky,” Colt grunted. 
“I’m only sorry I forgot to ask for some more gold while I was at it. What was the worst thing that could happen?” Pacian asked the big ranger. “He’d kick us out of his office, maybe?”
“It might have been grounds to have us locked up,” Aiden mused. “Making an accusation like that, straight to the face of a powerful man like Buchanan, rarely ends well. Colt’s right; you got lucky.”
“Told ya,” Colt growled. Pacian merely shrugged. 
“I don’t understand any of this,” Sayana muttered, sounding lost.
“Don’t worry, sweetness,” Pacian consoled her. “The men have things under control; you just stand there and look pretty.” 
Sayana gave him a solid punch to his left arm without even turning to look, causing him to flinch in pain. Aiden grinned, seeing yet again a demonstration of how dangerous speaking before one thinks can be.

Chapter Eight

The Gentlemen’s Club was located in the northeast part of town, above the North Shore Trading Company’s offices in one of the larger houses. Ronald Bartlett was apparently the wealthiest man in town, and it wasn’t much of a stretch to assume he’d set up this club for his rich and powerful friends to compliment each other on being both rich and powerful. 
It was a brief stroll to the very elegant manor house with a well-tended garden and an imposing metal fence. The gates were open, and a sign declared this the offices of the North Shore Trading Company open for business. 
“Well, let’s head inside and see what we can learn, shall we?” Aiden said, looking up at the building before them.
“I’m wondering how you’re going to go about this,” Pacian asked hesitantly.
“I was going to head in and ask Mister Bartlett a few questions about any deals he’s done with mercenary companies lately, as if we’re working with the guards,” Aiden explained slowly.
“You mean ... pretend to be honest?”
“Mostly, yes,” Aiden replied dubiously. “I have a little diversion in mind,  though.” Aiden took a minute to explain his idea, which the others thought was worth a shot. 
“If I can make a suggestion?” Pacian asked once Aiden was done. “Lie. A lot. If this bloke is involved somehow, then he’s not going to be straight with you. Confronting him directly isn’t going to get us the answers we need, so yeah. Lie.”
“I wasn’t exactly planning to stride in there and point my finger at the man, accusing him of treason,” Aiden replied with a raised eyebrow. “Let’s be subtle and see what happens.”
Aiden walked along the short path that ran through the front gate, and passed a water fountain with a fish carved from stone on top of a small column. They walked the short pathway to the large oaken door, where Aiden turned the handle and stepped into a magnificent entryway surpassing even the mayor’s opulent office. Paintings of stuffy-looking gentlemen hung on every wall, as well as a few smaller pictures of sailing vessels. 
An elaborate chandelier suspended from the ceiling cast subtle light around the room. A roaring fireplace kept the chill winter air at bay, warmth that was more than welcome to the travelers. At a small desk near the front of the room sat a portly man of middle age, dressed in fine black clothing with a white vest, typical of a servant to a wealthy lord. 
“Good afternoon,” he solemnly greeted them as he stood. “Can I help you?” 
“The mayor sends his regards, and the word Calument,” Aiden greeted him with an even smile, producing the small silver key as further evidence.
“I … yes, of course,” the man stammered, taken aback by the scruffy individuals who appeared to have the mayor’s blessing. His astonishment doubled when he saw Sayana enter, apparently with the intention of going into the gentleman’s club as well. Pacian noticed this and gave the doorman a dangerous look, which seemed to stifle anything he might have been about to say, then stepped through the arch with the others. 
An ornate door loomed before them with a silver lock on it. Aiden unlocked it with the silver key, and upon opening it, saw a narrow staircase winding upwards.
“All right,” Aiden said quietly. “Sayana, try not to look too dangerous. I’ll handle the talking; the rest of you keep an eye out for anything strange.” They nodded in reply, and then followed Aiden as he made his way up the staircase. 
The sounds of hushed voices grew in volume as they ascended, along with the distinct aroma of pipe smoke. By the time they reached the next floor, the air was noticeably warmer, and heavily laden with a smoky haze and the aroma of strong drink. The room they entered was dimly lit by a few small windows and some carefully-placed lamps.
There were eight middle-aged men were in the room, most of them sitting in plush, oversized chairs, puffing pipes and reading books. An older man in expensive clothes and sporting a well-groomed gray beard noticed the newcomers, and made his way over to greet them. 
His features were lined with age, but still fair. Aiden could tell a working man by the rough texture of his skin, and this individual’s smooth hands indicated he was clearly used to having others do his work. 
“This area is restricted to members only,” he said in cultured voice. “You will have to leave at once, or I shall have you removed.” 
“Well, as it happens, I am a member,” Aiden responded. He produced the silver key and quietly enjoyed the look of confusion on the man’s face. 
“Oh, I see. Strange, I do not recall admitting any new members lately.” He gave Aiden an appraising look, and did not appear impressed by what he saw. 
“I didn’t join through you, sir,” Aiden said, making it up as he went along. “The mayor is an old family friend of mine, and thought I might like to rest my heels in a more appropriate setting on my time away from Fairloch, instead of the local ale house.” 
“Is that so? Then you are welcome, sir, to our little home away from home, such as it is. I am Ronald Bartlett, owner of the North Shore Trading Company. May I know your names?”
“Certainly sir,” Aiden replied with a slight bow, secretly pleased they had found their man. “Aiden Wainwright, at your service. These are my local contacts, and I hope I was not out of line bringing them along.” He gestured at Pacian and the others. 
“Ah, local members of the Royal Rangers, I see,” Bartlett observed, the faintest hint of a disapproving frown evident on his brow. “Not the sort of people we usually have as guests here at the Club. And what’s this — a woman? Mister Wainwright, you should know we do not permit women in here.” 
He had raised his voice while speaking, silencing other conversation and drawing the room’s attention to them. A few murmurs of disapproval could be heard from the stuffy old men peering at Sayana in shock.
“Come now, don’t be rude,” Aiden admonished them. “I had thought that a gentleman’s club would be a club of gentlemen, not a bunch of prudish louts. This lady is my cousin, newly arrived to this part of the world, and I was reluctant to leave her by herself at that rowdy inn we were forced to stay at. 
“It’s bad enough that we had to change into common garments after our clothing was misplaced by our valet! Had I known you would be so unabashedly rude in her presence, I would have taken her to the local tavern rather than subject her to this uncouth display. I had thought the men of this town to be better than the dregs who populate that degenerate hovel, though perhaps I was mistaken?” 
The effect of Aiden’s speech was immediate – the men in the club appeared to be suitably chastened, lowering their eyes and returning to their quiet conversations. Bartlett had turned a bright red color, and he cleared his throat several times before speaking. 
“My apologies, Miss,” he finally managed to say. “Although it is our custom to forbid women in this austere room, the rule was never intended to impugn upstanding members of society such as yourself. Generally, we use this place to get away from our wives and the stresses of our work for a time, and so I once more offer my sincere apologies for lumping you in with them in our exclusionary policy.”
“I understand, and it’s quite all right,” Sayana said, surprising Aiden, who was about to speak for her. “I’ll stay out of the way to avoid disturbing you during our visit.”
“We won’t stay long, Mister Bartlett,” Aiden assured him. “I have other matters that need attending. But before we relax and enjoy some liquid refreshment, might I enquire about something?”
“By all means,” Bartlett replied, evidently eager to make amends for his treatment of a noble lady. Aiden fetched the note from his left coat pocket.
“An acquaintance of mine found this note recently, and she was puzzled as to whom this was written by. Perhaps you can make something of it?” He handed the note to Bartlett, who accepted it and quickly read its message. 
“Rather mysterious, don’t you agree?” Aiden added, keenly observing his face for any sign of a reaction. “There, at the bottom, you can see the initials R.B.” 
Bartlett’s eyes narrowed slightly as he finished the note. “A mystery indeed, Mister Wainwright. Tell me, why did you wish me to see this?”
“You’re a man of great renown,” Aiden offered respectfully. “If anyone could shed some light on this problem, it’s you.” 
Bartlett didn’t react to the obvious compliment for a few moments as he looked at Aiden with what could only be described as suspicion. “Let me make one thing clear, Mister Wainwright,” he said at last, his voice crisp. “I can’t abide toadies or yes-men. Can’t stand them.”
“Of course, sir,” Aiden apologized, knowing he’d pushed his lie a little too far. 
 “I’m sorry I can’t help you with the origins of this note,” Bartlett gruffly remarked, handing it back to Aiden. “Feel free to relax here for a time, though I would prefer you to be properly attired if you wish to stay longer.”
“Of course; we won’t be here long,” Aiden assured him. “Thank you for your time, Mister Bartlett. It’s been an honor meeting you, despite our rocky start.” 
“The honor is mine, sir, and again, my apologies,” Bartlett replied, shaking the proffered hand firmly. He then rejoined his earlier conversation, leaving Aiden and his companions to ponder their next move. 
“That bloke standing on the other side of the room, near the fireplace,” Pacian whispered, “he’s not like the others here. He has the look of a guardsman about him." A cursory glance allowed Aiden to confirm this, though he wasn’t sure if the rugged-looking man was investigating all of them, or more specifically Sayana.
Aiden gestured for the others to follow him and headed in the man’s direction. The gentlemen of the club seemed to have found other, more important things to be looking at as Aiden and the others walked past them; they were all smoking their pipes furiously or engaged in deep conversations with their contemporaries, evidently embarrassed at how Sayana had been treated by Mister Bartlett upon their entry to the club. 
However, the man they were walking towards didn’t seem at all embarrassed. He casually leaned against the mantelpiece, watching their approach with an intensity that belied his relaxed demeanor. He was smoking a cigar, not a pipe, and his build suggested that unlike the rest of the men present, he was used to physical labor.
“Watch out for this one,” Colt whispered to Aiden as they moved closer. “He’s trouble.” Aiden didn’t have time to reply before he stood in front of the man, but he understood what Colt was trying to say. 
“Hell of an entrance you made there, friend,” the man said, in a voice made husky from smoking, his sharp blue eyes evaluating the small group. “And a clever way to distract them from asking how you really ended up with that key.” 
Aiden smiled vapidly at him, stalling as he tried to think of a rejoinder. Colt was right to counsel caution — this one was no fool. “I don’t know what you mean; it’s all quite legitimate,” he replied lightly, trying not to show his worry that this man seemed to have him all figured out.
“Sure it is,” the man replied, “and if that girl is from a noble house, then I’m the king of Aielund. Relax; I’m not going to say anything,” he added, with a puff of his cigar. “If I thought you were any kind of danger, I’d have thrown you out of here the minute you came in. 
“Frankly I think these gentlemen needed a little nudge to remind them that not all women are like their horrible wives, especially you, miss,” he said, giving Sayana a knowing smile. To Aiden’s surprise, she blushed bright red and retreated behind Colt, who crossed his arms and did his best to loom as large as possible.
“You seem to know what’s going on around here,” Aiden remarked cautiously, dropping any pretense of being a visitor from Fairloch. “Name’s Aiden; and yours?”
“Robert Black,” he replied, “and yes, I do. I handle security for Mister Bartlett’s business interests. Now, what is it?” 
Aiden was almost caught off guard by the sudden realization that Robert’s initials were R.B. as well. He handed the note over and watched Robert’s face for any hint of recognition. His facial expression didn’t change at all as he read the message. 
“Where did you get this?” he asked bluntly a few moments later. 
“From a group of men digging their way under the crypt outside of the church,” Aiden supplied, seeing no reason to withhold the information. “They met an unfortunate end, undoubtedly due to their incompetent excavation,” he added, and saw with satisfaction that Robert flinched slightly at the news. 
They might have discovered who R.B. was.
“Looks like you’ve stumbled onto a grave security situation here,” Robert advised, without a hint as to his true feelings on the matter. “This might have ramifications to my duties, so I’d better go speak with my people.”
“That might be a good idea,” Aiden agreed cautiously. Aside from that flinch, he had nothing else to go on, and began to second-guess himself. 
Robert stubbed out his cigar on an ashtray, and then extended his right hand, which Aiden took. “You’ve done well, bringing this information to me,” he said. “I’m going to look into it, and then I’ll make sure you get what you deserve.” 
Without a further word, he stepped forward briskly and moved past them towards the door. Colt gave him a shove with his shoulder as Robert went past, drawing a dispassionate glare from the man as he continued on. 
“Well, that’s an intriguing reaction,” Aiden muttered wryly. 
“That was the look of someone who had his plans ruined,” Pacian agreed. “Do you think it was his men down in that tunnel?”
“Could be,” Colt grunted. “But here’s an important question — Bartlett followed him down the stairs. Are we going to grab him, or what?” 
“Bartlett left too?” Aiden asked nobody in particular, peering over to see that the man had indeed vacated the room. “He might be in on it, after all. Let’s see where he goes.”
Without discussing it further, they quickly moved through the smoky room and hurried down the stairs. But by the time they had reached the ground floor, there was no sign of either of them. The front door was slightly ajar, however, and the servant had an astonished look on his face.
“Goodness me, that was strange,” he exclaimed, before noticing Aiden and the others peering around the corner. “What on earth did you say to them?”
“Did Mister Bartlett follow Mister Black out that door?” Aiden queried, knowing the answer, but wanting confirmation.
“Yes, practically running out of here,” he breathed. 
“Do they talk often?” Aiden pressed. “Do you know what about?”
“Here now, what’s all this about, anyway?” he asked imperiously. “If you’ve done something to upset him, I should warn you that Mister Bartlett is a powerful man in this town, and he can make things very difficult for you and your associates.” 
Pacian stepped forward to answer this one. Aiden had good reason to believe he wasn’t going to be entirely truthful. “Sir, the Royal Rangers have important legal business with your employer, and you would do well to cooperate with us,” he bluffed. 
“I find it difficult to believe my master, a man of impeccable credentials, could be involved in any sort of unlawful business,” the servant protested.
“It’s not our purpose to sully his good name, only to protect Mister Bartlett from what appears to be some sort of criminal conspiracy, sir.”
“Good heavens, this is terrible news!” the servant said in dismay. 
“Don’t worry,” Pacian assured him. “We’re tracking down the perpetrators. Can you tell me anything about the man he was with, a Mister Black?” 
“I don’t know what they talk about exactly,” the servant explained, “but I do know from the company ledger that he’s paying Mister Black a considerable sum of money. For what, I couldn’t tell you.”
“Interesting. Thank you for your time, sir,” Pacian said. “You may hear from the Sergeant of the Guard in the near future — please cooperate with her in any way she asks.”
“Certainly, Ranger,” he replied obediently. “Will that be all?”
“Yes; thank you for your assistance, it is appreciated,” Pacian finished, leading the others out through the door into the cold outside air once more. He looked like he was about to say something, but Aiden shook his head and pointed down the street. Pace nodded, and let Aiden take the lead. 
“I can see why people join up with the guards,” Pacian mused, his breath misting in the cold air. “I could get used to throwing around a little authority like that.” 
Colt, who had been crouched down, looking for any obvious tracks their two suspects might have left on the ground, stood up and towered over him threateningly. “If you ever impersonate a ranger again,” he growled, “I’m going to shove that uniform down your throat.” 
“But isn’t that what you’re doing right now?” Pacian replied sarcastically. “There you are, wearing ranger armor after they kicked you out. Am I wrong?” 
“Hey, settle down,” Aiden ordered. “We have more important matters to discuss. Colt, back off. Pace did well to get us the information, and he didn’t even have to kill anyone to do it.”
“This time,” Colt muttered, easing back his posture but continuing to scowl at Pacian. 
“I’m not sure I understand everything that happened,” Sayana admitted, rubbing her hands together to keep warm. 
“I’m amazed you could follow what was going on, with all that flirting you were doing,” Pacian teased, grinning slyly. 
“I was not,” she protested, blushing profusely. 
“Look, their conduct was fairly incriminating,” Aiden interjected, “but we’ve nothing concrete to go with.”
“Their behavior wasn’t normal?” Sayana asked. “I thought the blue-eyed man seemed reasonable.”
“You really are smitten,” Pacian remarked incredulously. “He’s a scumbag, plain and simple. Doesn’t matter how nice he looked in those fine clothes, he’s probably laughing at your naivety right now. Trust me, I know people like that.” 
Sayana didn’t reply, but appeared sullen after being on the receiving end of Pacian’s philosophical views. 
“Go easy on her, she’s new to the concept of intrigue,” Aiden advised. “I don’t think there’s much more we can do, but I’d like to know more about this Robert Black fellow. He seemed a little too dangerous for a mere security guard.”
“He stood like a warrior, ready to act,” Sayana pointed out. 
“You’ve got good instincts, Sy; that was no ordinary guard,” Colt added, much to Sayana’s relief. “If he’s in charge of protecting Bartlett’s business, he’s probably got a bunch of men under his command. Mercenaries coming to cities like this usually have to register with the town guard,” Colt explained. “You can’t bring a small private army to a place like this without drawing attention.”
“Ariel might know more about him,” Aiden mused. “Let’s follow this up, and if it’s a dead end, we drop it and move on.” 
The others voiced their agreement and then continued moving, heading for the site of the collapse, where Ariel had said she would be. The crowd had dispersed when they arrived, with only a few of the guards stationed here to keep others away. One of them informed Aiden that the sergeant had returned to the barracks, so they headed back there and found Ariel working at her desk once more.
 “I swear, this pile was half this size when I left here a while ago,” she muttered, casually gesturing at the mound of papers awaiting her attention. “What can I do for you now?”
“I have a quick question for you,” Aiden said. “Do you know of a man named Robert Black? He might be in command of a small security force in the city.”
“Yeah, I know the name,” Ariel responded, setting aside her papers for a moment. “Black is the commander of the Steel Tigers mercenary company, and they’re contracted to provide protection for the North Shore Trading Company, of which Ronald Bartlett is the majority owner. They’ve been here for a few months. Why?”
“No reason,” Aiden answered with a shrug. “I happened to meet him a little while ago, and wondered if he was helping secure the city for you.”
“We don’t hire mercenaries, mate,” Ariel bristled. “They have no loyalties to the Crown, only to whoever is paying them at the time. You can’t trust a force that might cut and run at the first sign of trouble.”
“Yeah, people who only care about money are awful,” Pacian agreed, without a trace of self-awareness.
“Yes, well, I think we’re done here,” Aiden blurted. “Thanks for your time. Oh, did you know Robert Black’s initials are also R.B.? Interesting, isn’t it?” 
Ariel’s gaze locked on to Aiden’s as she realized what he was saying and seemed to put everything together. “You’re right, that is interesting. If you will excuse me, I think I have something else I need to go and investigate. Thank you for stopping by.”
“It’s our pleasure,” Aiden responded, confident he’d helped her out. Ariel reached for her helmet once again, but turned to speak just as Aiden and his companions were leaving.
“One more thing. The mayor came by a little while ago, and asked if I had any spare soldiers to send down to Coldstream and Bracksford. Don’t look so shocked; he may appear to be a selfish fop, but he really does the best he can, given the situation.” 
Aiden held his breath, hoping for good news, but expecting the worst.
“I’m sorry; I really wish we had more people, but if I send anyone down there, I have to leave something here unprotected,” Ariel said hesitantly. “It doesn’t matter what I do; one way or another, a part of the region is going to be vulnerable. My first duty is to this town, Aiden.”
“Thanks again for your help, sarge, I know you’re doing your best,” Aiden conceded.
“Why has your king taken away so many warriors?” Sayana said, unexpectedly. “What could be so important that he would risk the lives of your people like this?” 
Ariel looked at her impassively for a long moment, and Aiden wasn’t sure she was even going to reply. “Ordinarily, I would not even consider telling civilians,” the sergeant replied eventually. “As wife of the captain of the town guard, I am privy to a lot of information that shouldn’t be disseminated amongst the public. But I think you might have done me a big favor, so I’ll let you in on a little secret.” 
Colt leaned over and closed the door, while the others took an unconscious step towards the desk. “The king has declared war on Tulsone, our neighboring country to the west. He didn’t mention his reasons to any of us here in Culdeny, so I can’t really tell you much more than that, except that there was a great deal of negotiation between our two countries for several months prior to the declaration, and this is the first time Aielund has declared war on anyone in its history.”
“We’ve fought wars before,” Colt reminded her. 
“They were defensive actions, like the Battle of Fort Highmarch,” Ariel disputed. “This is the first time we’ve gone on the offensive, and I can’t tell you why.”
“What reasons could there be, aside from conquest?” Aiden said bleakly. “Maybe His Majesty decided his country wasn’t big enough anymore, like every other conqueror in history.”
“This king, he is your leader?” Sayana asked, receiving a nod from Aiden. 
“He has ruled this country longer than I’ve been alive,” Aiden explained,” and in all that time, I’ve never heard of him being bloodthirsty or avaricious.”
“I don’t have any answers for you, Aiden,” Ariel offered sympathetically. “But keep what I’ve told you amongst yourselves. Wild public speculation isn’t going to help the situation. Good luck to you all.” 
With their business concluded, the group returned to the inn before deciding on their next move. The lack of military assistance from Culdeny for his hometown left Aiden in a bleak mood. He pondered the remaining options as they sat down in the common room.
“You look a bit down,” Colt observed with rare clarity. “Your folks live in Coldstream, right? I can see why that’d be a source of concern. Fortunately for you, I’ve got something that’ll cure you right quick. I’ll be back in a minute.” 
“I bet it’s beer,” Pacian remarked after Colt had disappeared amongst the crowd of sailors and other local people populating the common room. 
“And just when he was starting to sober up, too,” Aiden added. “I hope he doesn’t go overboard.”
“Who said you could sit there?” a tall, rough-looking man with cropped hair and narrow eyes barked at them, suddenly appearing out of the throng to stand imposingly over their table. “This place is for men — I think you three are looking for the children’s table.” 
Three of his drinking companions next to him laughed uproariously at this witty remark. They wore casual, loose-fitting attire; their hands were calloused, and their tanned skin indicated they were most likely sailors. 
Pacian looked blandly at Aiden, his hands slowly moving towards the dagger on his belt. Sayana looked up at the men dangerously, and Aiden thought he could see a glow coming from underneath her tunic. He shook his head slightly, indicating that she should keep cool and Pacian should avoid creating a bloodbath over this minor incident. 
“There’s another table right over there,” Aiden said to the lead man. “We don’t want any trouble, so why don’t you have a seat, and you can have a round of drinks on me.” 
The surly grin from the big sailor told Aiden he wasn’t about to back down in the face of reason. He seemed ready to start a fight, but was shoved aside a moment later by a short, broad-chested fellow with a beard.
“I’m sorry to bust in on yer group like this,” Clavis MacAliese said, with seeming innocence. “But I think we have some unfinished business to discuss; isn’t that correct, Mister Wainwright?” 
Despite his diminutive stature, the appearance of the dwarf startled the surrounding men. “Say, don’t I know you? Yer faces are awful familiar to me,” Clavis said to the sailors. 
“I don’t think so, dwarf,” their lead man replied doubtfully. “And we were just leaving. C’mon lads, let’s go get some more rum.” 
Without another word, all four of them hustled off into the crowd in search of somewhere else to be. Clavis sat himself down on an empty chair and grinned at the three companions. “Yer welcome,” he chuckled, and took a large swig of his drink.
“They looked like they knew you from somewhere,” Aiden observed, breathing a sigh of relief. “Somewhere painful.”
“I may have schooled them on the sweet science,” Clavis shrugged. “It’s hard to remember. Last night is still a bit of a blur to me.”
“He didn’t look like he’d been beaten into unconsciousness last night,” Aiden remarked.
“My friend, all his bruises are below the waist.” Clavis winked and sipped his mug of ale. Colt had the good grace to approach the table carrying two mugs of ale at that moment. 
“Are ye going to introduce me to yer mates, Aiden?” the dwarf inquired.
“In a moment; I’m waiting for the final member of our group to arrive. No sense repeating myself if I don’t have to. Thanks for your intervention,” he said to Clavis. “I don’t think there’s much I could have said to those men that wouldn’t have ended up in  a fight.”
“Och, ye did fine, lad,” Clavis assured him. “But I’m pressed for time and didn’t want to waste it on yet another fight.”
“Did I miss something?” Colt asked, setting a mug in front of Aiden.
“Large men making insults,” Sayana replied blandly. Colt merely grunted in reply, apparently unsurprised by the news. 
Clavis leaned forward to speak directly to Aiden. “I have to ask ye; do ya have an answer for me yet?”
“That’s what we’re here to discuss,” Aiden assured him, spying Nellise appearing out of the crowd in front of the table, carrying a sack over one shoulder. “Pull up a seat, Nel; I have a proposal to make.”
“Thank you, Aiden, although I trust you aren’t about to suggest marriage,” she replied with a faint smile. Pacian quickly stood, acquired a chair from a nearby table, and held it, gentleman-like, for her to sit at.
“A business proposal,” Aiden clarified, not in the mood for light banter. “Ladies and gentlemen, this is Clavis MacAliese, adventurer and entrepreneur. Clavis, may I present Pacian Savidge, Nellise Sannemann, Sayana Arai, and ... Colt.”
“It’s a pleasure to make yer acquaintance,” Clavis said, grinning at everyone. “I don’t know if Aiden here has told ya, but I’ve a proposition to put to ye that’ll be of benefit to us all, should we be successful.”
“What kind of proposition?” Nellise asked, smiling at Pacian’s manners. Clavis spent some time detailing his plans to visit Ferrumgaard, and his desire to return ancient dwarven artifacts to their new homeland. When he was done, he leaned back in his chair and enjoyed the last of his ale, patiently waiting to hear what they all thought. 
Pacian was the first to speak. “Is there likely to be lost treasure in this place?”
“Depends how deep ya want to go.” Clavis shrugged. “The upper floors have long been picked clean by casual visitors, but the lower levels, aye, the lower levels be the best place to scavenge. I won’t promise ya anything, lad, but ye never know what ye’ll find in the halls o’ Ferrumgaard.”
“What is your interest in this, Aiden?” Nellise asked curiously. “Clavis has been quite forthcoming about his reasons, and though they are interesting, I don’t understand why that concerns you.” 
Aiden shifted uncomfortably, having known this was coming, but still not ready to tell them all about his motivations. The last time he’d told people about his bizarre recurring dreams, they dismissed it simply as lingering fears. But that was nothing compared to trying to bring up the original vision he had encountered. Stories of hollow metal warriors and a giant golden dragon were so outlandish, his audience could only burst out in laughter. 
Only Pacian had seen the glow coming from the sphere, but he was considered a renowned liar in town, and nobody believed him either. Aiden was mocked for making up some ridiculous reason why he’d fallen in a hole, and the experience had scarred him deeply. Although driven to find out the truth, he no longer told anyone the details about what he was searching for or why.
“If there’s treasure to be found down there, we could use it to hire mercenaries to defend all of Bracksfordshire,” he explained, an explanation that wasn’t a complete lie. “We’re certainly not going to find help for them any other way.” Pacian eyed him shrewdly but kept his silence, knowing full well the real reason for going to this ruin, but he was clever enough to hold his tongue.
“I suppose that makes sense,” Nellise remarked. “I can’t say I’m terribly interested in finding lost treasures, but I could always donate my share to the Church. Frankly, after the events of the last week, I was hoping for something more sedate, but I suppose in these troubled times, it’s hard to avoid the dangers that abound. Besides, what would you do without me?”
“Die horribly,” Aiden remarked dryly.
“I will go also,” Sayana quietly added. “I would like to see this great fallen city of which you speak, though I care little for any riches that lie within.” 
“You say that now,” Pacian scoffed, “but as soon as you lay your eyes on a diamond, you’ll suddenly find you’re really interested in riches.” Sayana gave him a confused look, which made Pacian laugh out loud. 
“Before you even ask me,” Colt interrupted, “I want to point out that place is cursed, and a lot of people who go in there don’t come out again. I think you’re all fools for even considering it, especially you,” he said, looking at Clavis.
“I didna’ twist yer arms, lad,” he replied, chuckling. “If ya don’t want to come, ya don’t have to.”
“Look, I can hardly let you lot go there by yourselves. I’m just warning you, is all,” Colt grunted. “But if the ghosts of ten thousand dead dwarves suck the life from our bones, you’ve only got yourselves to blame.”
“Good, then it’s settled,” Pacian declared, taking a swig of his drink. Nellise stood up and placed a heavy sack on the table. 
“I had a long talk with the Archioness today,” she explained wearily. “I won’t bore you with the details, but suffice it to say she said that by helping you, I’m serving the country and God, so I don’t have to go back to doing menial chores around the church. 
I hinted that we have been involved with some unpleasant episodes of late, including the business with the bandits over the road to Bracksford, but instead of chastising me for participating in violence, she actually applauded our courage. Part of me was hoping she would prevent me from joining you, I must confess, for this life you all seem so comfortable with does not sit so well with me.”
“None of us asked for this, Nel,” Aiden reminded her. “I certainly don’t go around looking for people to fight, but I hope you realize how valuable your assistance has been to us. We are helping the kingdom, in our own small way, even if it is a little outside your field of expertise.”
“It’s nice to hear my efforts have been appreciated,” Nellise replied with a warm smile. “I’ll continue working with you for now, especially since I’ve gained the support of the church.”
“What’s in the sack?” Pacian asked curiously, poking it with one finger.
“Medicines, tinctures, unguents and potions,” she explained, “courtesy of the Church of Aielund. Should we run into any difficulty — and our track record suggests we will — these will help keep us healthy, free of disease, and able to perform to our potential. I’ll take this upstairs, and then I have a few errands to run before we head out.”
“There’s no rush,” Aiden said, ignoring the look he received from Clavis. “It’s too late to leave now anyway, so I was thinking we could start out early tomorrow morning.”
“That’s all well,” Nellise replied, trying to squeeze past the back of Colt’s chair, “but if we’re going to be heading into harm’s way, I want to acquire some better equipment first. Unless you can assure me we won’t be in peril?”
“There may be peril,” Clavis admitted. “I can’t guarantee it will be peril-free.” 
“Straight from the horse’s mouth,” Nellise sighed, shaking her head.

Chapter Nine

The prospect of sitting around the table watching Colt drinking himself into oblivion wasn’t very appealing to Aiden, so he decided to accompany Nellise to the local smithy. He made sure Sayana knew she was welcome to join them, ostensibly to see more of the city, but also because he enjoyed her quiet, unassuming presence. She gratefully smiled and fell into step with them, reminding Aiden she hadn’t long been around the company of friends.
A thin veil of fog drifted through the streets of Culdeny as the short winter’s day began to wane, and as they walked, Aiden brought Nellise up to speed on their investigation into the mysterious circumstances behind the earlier incursion under the church. The acolyte offered some interesting insights into the background of Ronald Bartlett.
“Bartlett has been a fixture in Culdeny affairs for over a decade,” she informed them as they walked along the cobblestone streets. “I would characterize him as a man more invested in his own fortune than the prosperity of those around him. But to be somehow connected to an invasion of the town? I never would have guessed it.”
“His public image could well be very different from his real character,” Aiden remarked. “You never know what someone is capable of, especially a man like Bartlett. In any case, the sergeant seemed like a pretty sharp woman, so I’m sure she can make a determination as to his involvement.”
Once they arrived at the smithy, Nellise began talking to the proprietor about having some armor fitted, while Aiden spent a little money buying a larger single sword to replace his current small blade, then left the ladies to conduct their affairs as he headed back to the inn to put his feet up for the afternoon.
The evening meal was pleasant enough at the Seaspray Inn, and for once, nobody bothered them at the table. The presence of Clavis and Colt probably had a lot to do with that, and the two seemed to be getting along pretty well. 
Aiden surmised the dwarf hadn’t mentioned how Colt had been knocked down the previous night, but then again, one never knew how the big ranger would react to such news. He might even respect the tough dwarf for taking him down a notch. 
In any case, the evening passed quietly, and one by one, Aiden and the others turned in for the night. Images of savage men in a forest attacking him plagued his dreams, but those scenes weren’t as disturbing as when he stabbed them back, feeling as real as the day he'd fought them. 
Aiden awoke in a cold sweat, uncertain of the time until he calmed down and noticed morning light streaming in through the window shutters. Apparently, well after sunrise. Aiden shook off the last vestiges of his unsettled sleep and climbed out of bed. Pacian was still asleep in the bed across the small room, so if they were late, at least they were both going to be late. 
His gear checked and ready for travel, Aiden threw his pillow at Pacian on his way out the door, drawing a satisfying groan from beneath the blankets right before he closed the door. 
“I’m sorry about being late,” Aiden apologized as he approached the group’s table in the common room downstairs. “I didn’t sleep too well, and I guess I — where’s Colt?” 
Sayana, sipping on some broth, glanced meaningfully to her right. Aiden followed her gaze and saw the big ranger once again sprawled on the floor with a bunch of other unkempt men, sporting many bruises. Aiden shook his head in astonishment as he joined his companions at the table. 
They talked quietly amongst themselves as Aiden ate a simple breakfast. Shortly after he’d finished eating, Pacian appeared, carrying all his gear and apparently ready to go. 
A light but steady rain had settled in over Culdeny as they left the inn. Nellise joined them, now clad in her new breastplate and gauntlets. 
“We gonna stand around yapping, or get moving already?” Colt growled from deep inside the cowl on his cloak. 
“Are you sure you’re up to it?” Aiden asked cautiously. “I wouldn’t want you to bump into any trees or sleeping deer on your way.”
“I’ll walk it off,” he growled back, not amused. 
“I inquired about the possibility of hiring horses, but His Majesty acquired almost every single one as he passed through town,” Nellise remarked as she adjusted the straps on her armor. “The prices on those remaining are outrageous.”
“Supply and demand,” Pacian agreed with a shrug, apparently unfazed by the amount of walking they were faced with. Without further discussion, the group followed the bruised and hungover ranger through the town towards the south gate. 
Aiden could see that Sergeant Ariel had stepped up security. Nevertheless, Aiden and the others managed to exit the city without too many questions regarding the weaponry they were carrying and why they were heading south. 
Their main concerns were Colt’s greatsword and Clavis’s elaborate, heavy crossbow, the likes of which Aiden had never seen before. Once they were through the gate and on their way south, he took a moment to ask about the deadly-looking weapon.
“It’s a repeater,” Clavis explained, hefting the crossbow so Aiden could inspect it. “This case holds ten bolts, which drop into place when I work the mechanism with this lever. Ye can crank out a lot of bolts in a short span.”
“By how much, exactly?”
“Depends on how strong ya are,” he said with a wink. They walked along the road at the casual pace set by their hungover ranger. Every half an hour or so, they would stop for Colt to throw up in the bushes, slowing their progress even further. 
The weather remained cold and gray for the first half of the day, but after they turned off the main highway and started heading west, a light dusting of snow began to fall, bringing with it a strong, cold wind from the south. Aiden drew his longcoat around his body to ward off the chill, and lamented that their stay at the Seaspray Inn probably marked the last time he would feel truly warm until who knew when. 
After a brief stop for a cold lunch of bread and cheese, they continued on through the thickening forest until evening. The snow had formed a thin layer over the cold ground by then, but Clavis was easily able to find dry wood to light a fire.
It wasn’t long before the five of them were sitting around the campfire, warming themselves against the cold. Nellise had had the presence of mind to stock up on supplies before they left town, so they didn’t have to hunt for food. Instead, she helped Clavis cook up a hearty pork stew and toasted bread over the fire. They conversed idly while enjoying the hot meal, until Colt brought up an important topic.
“We’re close to entering the Calespurs,” he grunted, eating slowly to make sure his stomach wasn’t about to violently reject the heavy meal. “We’ll just be skirting along the northern edge, but that’s as close as I want to get. The place is patrolled by rangers, and I don’t want to run into any.”
“I was hoping to find out what got you kicked out,” Pacian said with an insincere smile.
“None of your bloody business,” Colt growled back. “We’ll be past the forest in a day or two, and then we’re into the mountains, and then we’ll see what we see. 
“I’m turning in, but I’ll take the last watch, ’cause I can’t keep my eyes open anymore. I’m sure you can figure out the rest yourselves; wake me when it’s my turn.” Without anything further, Colt put down his bowl and lay on his bedroll, pulling a thick blanket over his head.
 “I’ll go first,” Sayana said quietly, as Clavis set up his bedroll close to the fire. “I’m not very tired.”
“Fair enough,” Nellise said. “Perhaps I should take second watch, then?” 
Aiden shook his head. “You do so much for us already, Nel. I’ll take the second shift; you get some rest.” 
Nellise smiled in appreciation, then threw another chunk of wood on the fire in preparation for the cold night ahead. 
A few hours later, Aiden was wrapped in a thick blanket and lying atop his bedroll, still awake. A cold breeze blew through the forest around them, creating a gentle sound that should have helped him rest, and yet sleep still eluded him. Worried about dreaming again about the battle with the bandits, Aiden decided to take over the camp watch early. 
Huddling within his longcoat, Aiden looked around for signs of Sayana, whose location was not immediately apparent. Although the light snowfall earlier that evening had ceased a while ago, the ground underfoot still crunched as Aiden walked. 
A spark of light in the gloom ahead caught his eye. Curious yet cautious, Aiden moved away from the camp to find out what it was.
He moved through the trees until he was close enough to make out what appeared to be a picture composed of light, hanging in the air. A glowing fingertip moved up and down the curious image, filling in colors on what appeared to be trees and hillsides. The dim light emitted by the vision illuminated Sayana, sitting with her back to a pine tree. 
It wasn’t a detailed picture like the ones he’d seen in Mayor Buchanan’s office, depicting people and places with remarkable beauty. This was more like something a child would create with colored chalks — primitive trees, large blocks of green for the land, and odd-looking buildings with triangle roofs. 
“I didn’t know you were so creative,” Aiden whispered as he moved in for a closer look, startling the wild girl. “I’d feel better about this if you were actually paying attention to the forest, since you’re the one on watch.”
“I’m sorry; my mind wandered,” she apologized. She cast a hand across the image hovering in the air before her, causing it to vanish. They were plunged into darkness for a moment, until a tiny candle of flame appeared above Sayana’s upturned palm. “I was only doing that for a few minutes, I swear.”
“Don’t worry about it,” Aiden said dismissively. “Despite what Colt said earlier, we appear to be fairly safe for the time being, and Clavis assures me he’s a crack shot with that crossbow. What you were doing was quite astonishing, actually. I’m rather impressed.”
“It’s a simple illusion,” she shrugged, standing up and dusting snow off of her leather trousers. “I used to do it all the time when I was little, but in the past few years I haven’t really had the strength to waste on something so impractical.” 
“I was wondering if I could ask you something personal,” he began hesitantly. 
“You were wondering how I fared in my homeland, which does not tolerate sorcery,” she finished for him. 
“I suppose it was rather obvious,” Aiden admitted ruefully. “Were either of your parents gifted, as you are?”
“My mother was, yes,” Sayana answered quietly. “I have few memories of her, except that she was lovely and kind.”
“I’m guessing neither of you were truly accepted into their society,” Aiden stated somberly. 
“We kept a low profile, but eventually we were found out. I’m sorry,” she blurted suddenly. “I really can’t talk about this.” 
She jumped to her feet and hurried back toward the camp. Aiden cursed himself for causing her distress and letting his curiosity get the better of him, and resolved to make it up to her in the morning. 
He settled into his shift easily, taking the time to wander around the camp perimeter as he looked for any threats. As he’d suggested to Sayana earlier, it was a quiet night, and he saw nothing of interest. 
When the time came for Aiden to get some rest, he quietly roused Clavis from his sleep before lying down on his bedroll once more. This time, he had no trouble drifting off, with the soothing sounds of the wind sighing through the trees. 

*          *          *

His dreams were especially vivid that night, as he once more lived through that fateful day in his past as if it were absolutely real. A sudden blow on his chin stunned Aiden as he crashed down the hole in the forest in Cairnwood. Bewildered and smarting from half a dozen scrapes and bruises, Aiden struggled to clear his head, trying to figure out what had just happened. 
Pacian eventually went for help, leaving Aiden down in the hole for some time on his own. Aside from the light streaming in from above, there was only blackness, but in the deepening gloom before him, he thought he saw something shining in the dark. Curiosity getting the better of him, he crept forward to try to see the faint light more clearly. 
Avoiding the worst of the sharp rocks, Aiden reached the source of the dim blue light. Slowly, he moved his right hand close to the light, and felt around to try and figure out what the object was. It was round, cold and hard, which did very little to enlighten him. But the instant both fingers touched it, a blinding light replaced the darkness around him.
Aiden squinted against the sudden light and gaped in astonishment, for he suddenly found himself standing upon a snowy plateau with majestic peaks looming around him. 
A battle was taking place before him, between armored men wearing the gold dragon tabard of the Kingdom of Aielund, and hooded, robed warriors, with signs of steel armor hidden beneath their garb. The fallen from both sides of the battle littered the landscape, and the ringing of steel and the cries of the combatants echoed across the land.
His mind struggled to comprehend what had happened to him when one of the kingdom’s soldiers suddenly ran through him, appearing out of his chest as though he were a ghost. Sayana, looking as shocked as he was, suddenly appeared to his left and stared around the scene in bewilderment. Her right hand was touching the glowing sphere in Aiden’s hand, and in the midst of this strange vision, Aiden was surprised by her presence. 
She tugged at Aiden’s sleeve with her free hand, drawing his attention. Her mouth was moving, yet no words came out, as if she were only partially there. She pulled on his arm, trying to drag him backwards, but his feet were stuck fast.
Aiden’s attention was caught by one man who stood on the wall of the fort, dressed in shining, gold-trimmed armor, and appeared to be in command of the kingdom’s forces. He pointed across the field and shouted a warning, and as if on cue, the ground started to shake from what seemed to be a minor earthquake. Aiden felt all this as if he were standing right there amongst it all, but the soldiers around him paid him no heed.
The ground shook with greater intensity until the head of some kind of giant, armored man appeared, slowly lumbering step by step over the frozen ground. It was easily over twelve feet in height, with shoulders eight feet across, and fists like battering rams. Aiden thought it might have been a suit of armor, but then the empty eye sockets flared red from fires burning within a hollow shell of metal. 
It was joined by another, and another, of the massive creatures, and a cry of despair arose from the defending soldiers. Sayana grabbed Aiden’s attention once more, turning him toward her and practically shouting in his face. As before, no sounds came from her mouth, and a look of frustration appeared on her fine features. 
She tried to pry her hand from the glowing sphere, but it refused to budge, as if some power were holding it in place. Feeling like he had been there a thousand times before, Aiden was inspired to try and pull his hand away from the sphere, only to meet the same result. Looking around for something to help them, Sayana resigned herself to watching the battle before them, and slumped against Aiden’s side.
The lumbering metal creatures smashed through the lines of the kingdom’s soldiers, leaving broken and shattered men and weapons in their wake. A few of the towering creatures we brought down, shaking the ground when they fell, but in the end, only the gold-armored warrior remained to defend the castle. 
He faced off against the remaining armored creatures alone, armed with a huge axe made from a dark metal. Expecting him to face them all, Aiden was surprised when the host parted and a single metal monster strode forward. 
This one was different from the others – shorter by two feet, and wielding a huge sword in one hand, the edge of the blade rippling with light. They came together in a devastating dance of savagery, sparks flying from their weapons and armor as each combatant sought an advantage over the other. 
A shadow grew over the battlefield as something immense obscured the sun. Aiden and Sayana squinted against the light to see what was happening, and were staggered by the appearance of a creature straight from legend. An immense golden dragon was descending onto the battlefield, its wingspan easily over a hundred feet. 
Talons the size of a man dug into the ground as it crashed to the surface behind the black warrior and its tail swept over the battlements of the fort. Its fine scales gleamed in the cold light, the majestic creature both immensely beautiful and terrifying beyond measure. Sayana gaped at the sight of the great creature, and, trembling like a leaf, she moved behind Aiden as far as she could. 
Aiden knew what was coming, as a thousand memories of this event seemed to come through from his subconscious mind; but unexpectedly, the dragon turned its great head to look directly at Sayana, eyes narrowed and steam issuing from its nostrils. 
Sayana’s mouth opened wide in a silent scream, her left hand held up before her to create a translucent shield. The dragon bellowed a mighty roar, and a flash of white light engulfed the battlefield as a blast of wind sucked Aiden and Sayana off their feet. Reflexively, he reached out his hands to stop their fall and dropped the glowing orb, shattering it upon the ground of the cave.
Aiden sat bolt upright, throwing off his blanket and gasping for breath. The forest of the Calespur ranges surrounded their camp, and the gray light of predawn tinged the sky. The others were sleeping around the remains of the fire, but Sayana was sitting next to him, her right hand still holding the shard hanging around his neck, a look of horror stamped on her face. 
Realizing he had entered her dream somehow, Aiden took her by the shoulders to snap her out of the trance she appeared to be in. She blinked and let go of the shard, then clutched at her head as though in blinding pain. 
Aiden shook his head to try and clear out the nightmare from his mind, as he tried futilely to understand what had happened. Sayana gestured weakly with her left hand for him to lean closer.
“Aiden, that was no dream.”

*           *          *

 Sayana’s words sent a shiver down his spine, and it was all he could do to stop himself grilling her for answers, but she was unable to think clearly after her experience.
“My head feels like it’s going to split open,” she whispered, barely able to stand up. “I’m okay; give me some time to rest. This happens when I push too hard.” 
Aiden helped to ease her onto her bedroll, where she pulled a blanket over her head. Just before she disappeared beneath it, she looked at Aiden. “Don’t tell anyone else what happened,” she said, leaving Aiden to ponder exactly what had happened.
The sun was rising, and the others appeared unaware of what had transpired during the night. Even though she had been trying to shout and scream within the vision, evidently Sayana had been silent in the real world. The camp was as peaceful as it had been when he fell asleep.
Sayana had said nothing at all upon waking an hour or so later, and remained quiet throughout the morning, as everyone woke and set about preparing for the day. Nellise expressed concern that Sayana was looking very tired, and surmised that the late-night watch had been harder on her than she had thought. Nellise forbade her to take any watches for the next few nights, which did not meet any protest from the sorceress. 
Pacian poked Aiden relentlessly, assuming something was going on between him and Sayana.
“What happened with you two?” he chided, keeping his voice low, as the two young men kept to the rear of the group. 
“Enough already,” Aiden replied, exasperated. “Look, if I tell you, will you shut up?” 
It took Pacian a few moments to decide. “Probably. There’s one way to find out, though.”
“Do you remember where I found this?” Aiden asked, lifting the shard on its chain from around his neck enough for Pacian to see it. His mocking smile faded.
“You know I do,” he whispered. “What of it?”
“Every few nights since then, I’ve had a dream about that day. A really vivid dream, and it’s always the same.”
“How come you’ve never told me about it?” 
“I thought I was traumatized, or something,” Aiden replied, fighting feelings of embarrassment. “Besides, you remember how everyone treated me when I told them what happened. I wasn’t about to go through that all over again.”
“Fair enough,” Pacian conceded. “What’s this got to do with Flame Girl?” 
Aiden glanced around to make sure nobody else was within earshot. “Last night, she appeared in the dream. Specifically, right when I was watching the battle.” Pacian seemed skeptical. “I’m serious — she was standing right next to me, shouting, but with no voice.”
“Was she wearing anything?” Pacian asked with a wink.
“No, no, it wasn’t like that at all,” Aiden insisted, trying to keep Pacian on track. “The dragon looked right at her, and she screamed, like it was about to attack her or something. That dream has been identical every time, except for last night, and when I woke up, she was holding on to this shard thing.” 
Pacian took a deep breath and appeared to think about it a little. “She is a strange one, I’ll give you that,” he mused. “Who knows what sort of abilities she has? Maybe it was real enough for her to jump into your head like that. I don’t know. Perhaps you should go and talk to her.”
“I don’t want the others finding out about this yet,” Aiden muttered. “Maybe when I get a chance to speak with her alone, I’ll see what she knows. But you know what she’s like — everything she does is instinctive, and she doesn’t really understand how she does any of it. Somehow, I don’t think I’m going to get much from her.”
“Worth a try, though,” Pacian replied, as Colt signaled them to gather around from up ahead. “Oh look, perhaps our intrepid ranger scout has located another distillery from which to sup the sweet nectar of life.” 
Aiden smiled in spite of himself as they moved forward to investigate. “This is as good a place to rest as any,” Colt declared when they had gathered around him. “Get something to eat and catch your breath.” 
They sat on fallen logs and ate a hot meal of sizzling bacon and toast. Clavis and Colt talked about their impending journey into the mountains, while Pacian and Nellise sat away from the others, talking quietly. Aiden wondered who was trying to change whom, and which one of them would give in to the other’s point of view first. 
As he ate, he glanced over at Sayana every few moments. His desire to ask her more about the dream last night prompted him to discreetly move to her side and speak in hushed tones.
“Can we talk for a moment? There’s something we need to discuss.” She nodded silently, picked up her bread, and followed him a little distance from the others, where they could talk amid the cold forest without being overheard. 
“First of all, I want to apologize for offending you last night,” he began. “I obviously touched upon a delicate subject, and I should have chosen my words more carefully.” 
“Don’t feel bad; you couldn’t have known,” she whispered in reply, pulling her warm cloak tightly around her to keep the chill at bay. “It isn’t something I have talked about with anyone before, ever. It’s hard to open up.”
“I know how you feel,” Aiden said reassuringly. “Well, I hope you’re feeling better. Anyway, you know why I wanted to speak with you. I’ll accept that you somehow managed to appear in my dream, or whatever it was. But if it wasn’t a dream, then what was it?” 
“My mind would not let me rest,” Sayana explained. “I lay there for several hours, thinking about the glass you wear around your neck, and where it might have come from. Like you, I want answers. 
“I went to take a closer look, and since you were sleeping, I didn’t think you’d object. When I touched it, I was instantly in some other place — you were standing next to me, and yet you were younger than you are now.
“Aiden, the reason I said it wasn’t a dream is the detail I saw — the misting breath from the fort’s warriors, the fluttering of the flags, the crunch of snow beneath their feet. No dream has that much detail. It was like I was actually there.” 
She paused to take another bite of bread, conserving her strength. Aiden said nothing, awaiting her next words with as much patience as he could muster. 
“There was something else, though, a feeling that you and I were visitors in that place. It was as though we were walking in someone else’s mind. I tried to pull you out of it, but I was stuck, just as you were. I didn’t know what else I could do about it, and then ... the dragon flew in.”
“As I recall,” Aiden said slowly, trying to remember the details, “you screamed when the dragon appeared.”
“No, I screamed when it looked at me,” she corrected with a shudder. “Have you ever had that feeling, like you're somewhere you aren’t supposed to be, and then you get caught?”
“I may have experienced that sensation,” Aiden replied flatly. It was actually Pacian who had been caught in places he shouldn’t have been, but Aiden had had the misfortune of being there at the time.
“It was like that. I could feel its anger, and it was ... terrible. I wanted to run, but I couldn’t get away.” 
“Wait a moment,” Aiden said. “In the dream, the dragon always looks at me. And although I feel awe, I’ve never felt terrified of it; at least, not until I wake up. You don’t think it’s some weird memory, or a magical message-in-a-bottle from long ago?” 
Sayana shook her head. “Are you saying it’s alive?” Aiden pressed, drawing a meek nod from Sayana, which drew Aiden to an unpleasant conclusion. 
“Lovely. I have a dragon living in my head.”

Chapter Ten

The next day, they cleared the edge of the forest and saw the Calespur Mountains rising before them. Snow crunched beneath their feet as they headed inexorably up the foothills of Mount Cale, one of the tallest mountains in the kingdom. 
Despite the remoteness of their location and the density of the forest receding behind them, a road of sorts could be discerned through the scrub, winding its way along the mountainside. Clavis, normally one to keep to himself, seemed to come to life at the sight of the road.
“This was the main highway between the city of Ferrumgaard and the human village o’ Culdeny,” he said, pointing towards the coastal town far in the distance. “Engineers spent a year layin’ down stonework to make this road, in the hopes of increased trade with the fledgling human community. Dig down through this snow and dirt, and the flagstones’ll still be there, as solid as the day they were laid out.”
“How large was Ferrumgaard?” Nellise asked.
“Nearly ten thousand of me kin called the inside o’ Ferrumgaard home,” Clavis responded, a note of pride in his voice. “But it ain’t sprawled out like a human city. ’Twas dug into the mountain, a quarter of a mile wide and twice that in length, layered down through the rock to the valuable ore deep inside.”
“I’ll reserve my excitement for when we get there,” Pacian remarked dryly. 
“That ya will, lad, that ya will,” Clavis chuckled. The cold mountain wind chilled Aiden to the bone as they walked along the road for hours, yet in spite of their discomfort, they were treated to a magnificent view of the Calespur Mountains around them. 
As the sun dipped below the horizon, the road veered to the left and came to an end at a sheer cliff-face, fifty yards away. A pair of stone doors loomed before them, easily fifteen feet high, etched with strange patterns and words written in the old dwarven language. 
One of the doors was hanging off its top hinge, leaving a large gap open near the ground, where it showed signs of a century of wear. The ominous howl of wind blowing through the opening into the chamber beyond reminded them that this was a dead city, one with a reputation for ending the lives of those who were incautious. The air coming from within was dry and odorless.
“Tell me again why we’re doing this?” Pacian asked timidly, looking up at the doors. The stark reality of the place was becoming apparent, even to him.
“In your case, money,” Aiden reminded him, removing a glove and reaching out to touch the rough, weathered stone. 
“Aye, we’re not here fer glory or fame.” Clavis nodded soberly, taking out his crossbow and checking it carefully. “Twice before, this place has thwarted me attempts at recovering the lost treasures of me kin, and I consider meself fortunate to still be drawin’ breath. But I can see the looks in yer eyes, and ye needn’t worry — if’n it looks too dangerous to push through, we’ll call the whole thing off.”
“How far in do we need to go?” Aiden asked, peering through the gap in the doors and seeing only darkness beyond. 
“The fifth floor down was the height of the flooding, if memory serves,” Clavis explained. “I’m thinkin’ we’ll swing through the fourth level, and maybe see if’n there might be a way to get at the things on the fifth. Might have to go for a bit of a swim, though. We can rest inside, where it’ll be safe and sheltered from the worst o’ the weather.” 
He hefted his repeater and took a step inside the ruined doorway, peering around cautiously, with Sayana following in his footsteps. Aiden waited patiently for the better part of a minute before they heard Clavis declare it safe for the rest of them. 
A small tongue of flame appeared about twenty yards in, dancing in the palm of Sayana’s hand. The light it shed wasn’t nearly enough to gauge the look of the place in which they now stood, but it was comforting nonetheless. 
“We can set up camp here and get some kip,” Clavis called as Nellise whispered a prayer, which caused the tip of her staff to glow with soft light. “We’re in the main foyer, a vast chamber thirty feet high and a hunnerd long, so if there’s something living in here, it’ll find us whether or not we have a fire going.”
“Nobody and nothing comes here,” Colt muttered. “This place is cursed, and even the animals know that.” Aiden and the others tried to ignore this cheery assessment as they prepared, then ate, a hot evening meal to ward away the chill. 
Aiden slept fitfully during the uneventful night, until awoken by Nellise. Concepts of day and night simply didn’t work down here in the perpetual gloom, but awakening to her exquisite face and golden eyes in the flickering orange firelight was one of the perks of adventuring with her, though Aiden would never actually tell her that. 
They ate breakfast with a measure of enthusiasm for the coming day. Nobody was more excited than Clavis, however, who was well refreshed from his night’s rest and ready to tackle his lifelong dream — again. 
With their supplies packed, they readied their weapons and fell into line behind the dwarf. Sayana used her talents to shed light on their surroundings, but the sheer size of the space they walked through meant they could barely see the ceiling, let alone the walls. 
The stone underfoot was smooth and unblemished, despite having been carved into shape centuries before. There were no signs of any tracks or other disturbances in the immediate vicinity, giving Aiden hope that the place really was deserted. 
A few minutes’ walk from their camp was another set of double doors, similar to the massive gates at the entrance, only this time still intact. They were closed, and bore the marks of heavy siege equipment from some time in the past. 
“Whoe’er cracked open the outer doors tried the same approach on these,” Clavis explained, as would a tour guide. “Little did they know that the ceiling behind these doors collapsed not long after the city were abandoned. Hunnerds of tons of rock have made sure they will never open again.”
“I assume you have some sort of alternative route?” Nellise remarked, raising her glowing staff high to take in the former majesty of the doors before them. 
“Sure do,” Clavis replied, gesturing to the left. “Figurin’ there was still some treasure to be found below, they opted to dig their way around the inner gates.” 
He led them over to where the walls had been rent by heavy tools. A tunnel of sorts had been dug in through the surrounding rock, circumventing the blocked doors. Clavis didn’t hesitate, stepping straight into the roughly-hewn tunnel, closely followed by Aiden and the others. 
“Was this carved by dwarves?” Aiden asked curiously, drawing an irate look from Clavis.
“Does this look like the same quality as the foyer ya walked through?” he asked irritably. “Whoe’er did this had no finesse, no skill at all. Just wanted to get into the city and grab whate’er wasn’t nailed down. Little more’n grave robbers,” he added for good measure, although it was unclear if he was disgusted by the grave-robbers, or the poor quality of their stonework. 
The tunnel curved around in a large arc, then rejoined the main structure of the city’s upper floor after a short distance. Not far to their right stood the doors they had travelled around, along with several hundred tons of rock piled up against them. The granite was heaped all the way to the ceiling, a stark reminder that they were walking around inside a hollowed-out mountain.
“Somehow, several pillars came down in the first years after the exodus,” Clavis observed quietly. “Eventually, the ceiling gave way in the unsupported areas. The rest o’ the place is holding up fine, in case ye were worried about a collapse, by the way.”
“No, why would we be thinking about that?” Aiden remarked dryly. The chamber they were now in was lined with what appeared to be empty houses, carved with intricacy and care from the surrounding rock. 
Supporting columns similar to those Clavis had described lined what could only be called a street, which continued off into the darkness beyond their lights. In the echoing stillness, they walked along the deserted avenue, mindful of the people who had once filled this place with life. 
“Most of the food services worked up on this level,” Clavis continued, “so the smoke from the fires could get out o’ the ceiling vents. ’Twas the most efficient way to feed the city, so everyone who lived up here was a cook o’ some sort.”
“I suppose the people who lived on the top few levels were the first out, then,” Aiden mused, looking in through one of the empty windows of an abandoned residence. 
“The MacTavish clan was the most predominant up here,” Clavis answered darkly. “Fancied themselves the kings o’ the upper levels. When the surge of people running up from below flooded this place with men and women lookin’ ta get out as quick as they could, the MacTavishes joined them, without thinkin’ o’ the real king o’ Ferrumgaard, Arland the seventh, trapped down below in his throne room.”
His speech was laden with barely disguised hatred, so much so that Aiden turned and looked at the normally cheerful dwarf to make sure it was the same person. 
“If the place was flooding, it would have been suicide to try and get down there to save them,” Nellise noted in a quiet voice.
“He was their king, and they shoulda saved ’im,” Clavis reiterated firmly, before he noticed that everyone else was staring at him and quickly shook off the dark mood. “That’s all in the past now,” he muttered in a more reasonable tone of voice as he continued on, with Aiden exchanging a worried glance with Nellise.
The cavernous hallway ended in a large stone wall, with a wide stairwell carved into it. The stairs seemed sturdy enough, in spite of being chipped and cracked in places. They were fully enclosed by solid granite on either side, preventing any chance of plunging to one’s death. 
Nellise and Sayana walked alongside Clavis to light the way down, carefully avoiding fallen chunks of rock that had accumulated on the stairs over the past century. The air was noticeably warmer here, and as they reached the bottom of the stairs, a clearly-defined street stretched out before them, threading its way amongst tightly-clustered buildings. 
“Each o’ the buildings you see around us was a craftsman’s forge,” Clavis proudly explained. “There be a hunnerd of ’em on this floor alone, and back in the day, the sound of all them hammers workin’ away was like nothing else ye ever heard.” 
They continued along the street until they came to another collapsed section blocking their passage. Clavis was unperturbed, instead choosing a different route through the ancient city that avoided the obstruction. 
The closely-grouped buildings ended abruptly, giving way to an immense open area before them. In the middle of this cavern was a gargantuan device, much like a giant pot — it had to be over fifty feet in width, and Aiden couldn’t even guess at the weight of the thing. 
One of the massive braces holding it up had failed years ago, leaving the cauldron leaning heavily to one side. Old and decaying leather gloves, rusty metal tongs, and other equipment were strewn around on the stone floor at its base, as well as a fine layer of sand that had spilled out of a large clay vessel. 
Huge blocks of stone, carved to channel molten iron, hung suspended by big, rusty chains over a gaping hole in the floor, where white-hot metal had once flowed. Their puny lights could not penetrate the darkness of that hole well enough to see the bottom, though Aiden could see the outline of a stairwell not far from their position.
Beyond the pot, a colossal furnace lay dormant, charred black from years of use, and decaying slowly with time. A solid layer of rust covered the machine, along with scattered parts to what must have once been an elaborate pulley system. Aiden stared in amazement at the sheer scale of the foundry, unable to fathom the need its vastness. 
“Told ya ye’d be impressed.” Clavis chuckled at their expressions. “This is a hint of what the dwarves of Ferrumgaard were capable of back in the day, and I doubt we’ll see their like again. They’d forge massive engines here, both for peacetime and for war, and of course parts for maintaining the city’s infrastructure. 
“There’s no point dwelling on the distant past, for the real treasure lies beneath us. The stairwell beckons, over yonder.” He pointed towards an area past the gaping maw of the furnace, over near the northern wall. 
Wordlessly, they moved on to the stairwell and down to the next floor. It was like the last staircase they had taken, wide and smooth. This one circled around the great hole in the floor where they would have been able to see the machinery of dwarven industry at work, had it still been operating. 
The air was becoming stale as they descended into areas where fresh air couldn’t readily reach, and the dry smell of stone and dirt was becoming stronger. The architecture of the nearby buildings returned to the closely-built, multi-story structures the dwarves seemed to have favored, although here they seemed to be less intricately carved than on the floors above. Several of them had collapsed over the years, leaving large chunks of rock strewn about on the empty streets. 
“Housing for the workers,” Clavis grunted as way of explanation. “Our industrious grave-robbers were probably disappointed with what they found when they first set eyes on this place. We’re close to the collapsed section that stopped me progress a few years back. It’s naught but a five-minute walk from here.” 
The dwarf led them past the remains of his people’s engineering accomplishments and through a narrow street, lined with the crumbling tenements of the dwarven working class. “If it’s so easy to get to this point,” Pacian inquired as they travelled, “why has it taken you years to get back down here?”
“It’s hard to find anyone crazy enough to come with me,” Clavis muttered ruefully. “Ferrumgaard is no place to travel alone, something I learned the hard way. That’s why together, we’ll beat this place, and ye’ll all be the richer for it.”
Twice, in the next few minutes, they had to clamber over piles of rock, or detour around even larger piles of rock. The place really was coming apart. As if to tweak his fears, Aiden swore he could feel a slight vibration through the soles of his boots, although it was possible he was imagining things.
It was closer to ten minutes before they reached a towering section of fallen rock, large enough to bury several buildings completely. There wasn’t any way around this one that they could see within the range of their light sources, so Aiden assumed this was the collapse that Clavis had spoken of. 
“Here it be,” he muttered, looking up towards the unseen ceiling somewhere above. 
“This?” Pacian remarked incredulously. “This is what stopped you, last time you were here?”
“Aye, lad,” Clavis answered solemnly.
“I see. So how, exactly, were you planning to get around it?” Pacian asked. “It’s as big as the pile blocking the big doors upstairs.”
“Ah, this time I came prepared, with tools and knowledge,” Clavis answered, giving the others a wink. He took off his backpack and pulled out something wrapped in hessian. He withdrew a few things from the wrapping, and then carefully assembled a heavy pickaxe, with a flat-bladed shovel on its other end. 
“You’re going to dig through all that with a bloody pickaxe?” Colt asked flatly. “I don’t suppose you brought enough for all of us?”
“By me calculations,” Clavis said, oblivious to the pessimism brewing in the group, “the uppermost rock will be the thinnest, and will only take a day or two ta clear a way through to the other end o’ the hall, which will lead us to the stairs down. Ye can help me move some o’ the looser rock, and to be sure that’ll speed our progress. I’d ask that one of ya keep watch on our little excavation site, though, just to be safe.”
“I’ll do that,” Pacian volunteered. “The rest of you can move rocks around all day long if you like.”
“Ever the gallant gentleman,” Nellise remarked dryly.
“Well, I would assume that Clavis isn’t asking the women to do heavy lifting; am I right?” Pacian pressed.
“Only if’n they feel like it,” the dwarf replied. “But no, I was thinkin’ our big ranger friend might help me out.”
“Fine by me,” Colt shrugged, removing his equipment and his leather tunic and undershirt. “Don’t think for a moment I don’t know you’ve taken guard duty to get out of real work,” he added to Pacian.
“I’m not going to dignify that with an answer,” Pacian stated flatly, then walked off to look around the area. Clavis took a torch out of his pack and lit it, then carefully started negotiating his way to the top of the rock pile. Aiden took off his leathers and shirt to lend a hand, while Nellise took out a few torches from her pack, lit them up, and tossed them around the site to provide more light.
“What’s that over there, sticking out of the rock?” Sayana said, appearing beside Aiden suddenly. He turned and peered in the direction she was pointing and saw something other than rock at the bottom of the pile, close to the edge of the light. It was yellowish-white, and seemed to be sticking out from the stone at an awkward angle. 
Curious, the two of them moved in for a closer look. “Is that what I think it is?” Aiden asked, as the object took on a disturbing shape. 
“It looks like bone to me,” Sayana answered clinically. She knelt down and moved away some of the rock and dirt with her free hand, to reveal the forearm of a deceased person. The arm was reaching out from the rock pile, as if the person had been trying to pull themselves out.
“There’s probably more of him under the rock,” Aiden commented darkly, not exactly enthusiastic about trying to find out. He couldn’t tell if it was male or female, and wasn’t sure it was important. The bones were clean, without any trace of flesh on them. 
“What have you found?” Nellise asked, coming over to see what the fuss was about. She gasped slightly when she saw what they were looking at, and then leaned in to inspect the remains with a professional eye.
“This is the forearm of a human male,” she stated, pointing at the elbow. “Women have different elbows, and the other races have a different bone structure and size from ours.”
“Any idea how long it’s been here?” Aiden asked. 
“It’s hard to say from looking at the remains,” Nellise mused. “But I can pray on this ,and ask for divine inspiration to provide me with an answer.”
“You can do that?” Aiden asked, surprised. 
“Of course. With a little help, I will find the answers I seek. Now please, move aside; I need to be close to the remains.” 
Aiden obliged her, stepping back to give her some space. Sayana did likewise, though with a frown on her fair features. She tilted her head and looked around, puzzled for a moment, as if she wasn’t sure if she’d heard something or not. 
“What is it?” Aiden whispered. 
“I thought I heard ... no, felt something nearby,” Sayana whispered back. 
Aiden looked directly at her, suddenly very serious. “Kind of like a vibration?”
“I suppose so, yes. I’m not sure what to make of it.” She shrugged.
“But you definitely felt it,” Aiden persisted. “You weren’t imagining it, right?”
“Certainly not,” Sayana replied archly. “I didn’t survive in the wild unable to tell the difference between real and imagined things.”
“Right, sorry,” Aiden mumbled in apology, too distracted to pay much attention to what she was saying. If the vibrations he’d felt earlier weren’t his imagination, then what were they?
“Hey, you can stop working, I found a better way to get through that rock pile,” Pacian called out as he jogged back towards the site where Clavis and Colt were starting to really get things moving. 
“Don’t waste yer time, lad,” Clavis replied from his perch near the top of the rock pile. “The only way through to the tunnels beyond is behind these rocks.”
“Or the bloody big tunnel I found over on the northwest wall,” Pacian replied smugly. “But you can keep digging if you really want; I’m okay with that. I’ll sit down over here, and—” 
Colt interrupted his speech by letting a heavy rock drop to the ground with a loud thud, and then dusted off his gloved hands. “Sometimes you don’t know when to shut up, Pacian,” he growled, leaning over to pick up his armor again. “Clavis, are you sure there wasn’t another way through that you missed?”
“I’d think I’d remember another tunnel in me own home,” the dwarf replied, skidding down the inclined rocks to land on the stone floor. “But if you’re sure about it, I’ll take some time to look at it. Is this tunnel o’ yours big enough to squeeze through?”
“Yes, and with room to spare,” Pacian replied. “A lot of room to spare, actually. It’s almost as big as the stairwell we came down.” 
Clavis paused in mid-stride, his expression slack as he seemed to be struck by a horrible thought. “There wasn’t anything like that last time I was ’ere,” he said, slowly and deliberately. “I think ya better show me, lad, and quickly now.” 
Pacian used his torch to light the way back towards the tunnel he’d found. With a feeling of growing dread, Aiden and Sayana followed. 
It only took a minute to reach the gaping hole in the side of the stone wall, and despite Pacian’s brief description of its size, the walls of the tunnel didn’t appear to be carved by crude tools, or even those of master craftsmen. They were, in fact, quite smooth, and the tunnel itself was more or less round, and almost ten feet across. 
Clavis crept forward slowly, his left hand extended to touch the stone, almost in disbelief. And then Aiden felt another vibration in the stone, this time much stronger than before.
“By Relnak, did you feel that?” Clavis exclaimed, invoking the name of the dwarven battle god. He started backing away, and Pacian did likewise, grabbing the hilts of his daggers just in case. 
“What caused this?” Sayana asked, her voice tight with anxiety. “Is it connected to that tremor we felt?”
“Back in the day,” Clavis explained, licking his lips with consternation, “we had these critters we called borers. They grew to about yea big,” he described, holding his hands about two feet apart. “Kinda like moles, but with a hard shell like a tortoise, able to dig their way through stone given enough time. In the wild, they’d cause all sorts o’ problems with the tunnels, but they’re usually not dangerous, ’cause we’d cull their numbers every few years.”
“Clavis, this tunnel is huge,” Aiden pointed out, placing a hand on the hilt of his sword as he did so. “How many borers would it have taken to do this?” 
Another tremor rippled through the stone, this one sustained for over five seconds before it stopped. Motes of dust and dirt cascaded down from above them, coating them in a fine layer. 
“Thing is,” Clavis explained, his voice too calm. “Thing is ... without anyone around to cull ’em, there’s no telling how big they could grow. Could be five feet, could even be ten feet high.” 
The implications of this statement slowly sunk into Aiden’s mind, and the picture it formed was not something he wanted to see emerging from the tunnel. “Get your gear, everyone,” he ordered tersely. “We’re not waiting around to see—” 
He was interrupted by another tremor, this one even more intense than before, accompanied by a loud screeching noise. Aiden’s heart almost leapt out of his chest as his natural instincts to run kicked in. The tremor did not stop, and instead continued to build in intensity. 
“Run!” Aiden shouted, hesitating a moment while the others bolted before joining them. They raced back towards their excavation site, still being lit by Nellise’s staff and several flaming torches. She was already on her feet, using her staff to help her move across the unsteady ground towards Aiden. 
Colt had managed to get his equipment together when the rock behind him exploded outwards, showering him in gravel and dirt. The spray obscured Nellise and most of the torches, but there was enough light around to see that something big had emerged.
From behind, the loud screeching sound grew louder, and the torch Pacian had dropped when he took flight with the rest of them lit up a huge creature, easily filling out the tunnel it was crawling through. Aiden saw a shiny, dense outer shell and two beady eyes, glowing yellow in the torchlight. 
He was still half-running, half-stumbling across the rock-strewn floor towards Nellise, who was backing away from the borer that had emerged almost right next to her. She was clearly stunned by what she was seeing and couldn’t move fast enough before  one of the borer’s great paws, tipped with huge razor-sharp claws, lashed out and struck her across the chest, sending her tumbling backwards. 
Aiden drew his sword and spoke the command word to activate his magical glove, bringing the shimmering force field into existence. He continued moving as fast as he could towards Nellise, hoping to find her armor had protected her from the slashing claws. 
Her staff was still glowing, making it easy to locate her in the dusty mess they were mired in, though getting there through the shadowy half-light without tripping was challenging. Nellise was starting to pick herself up as Aiden reached her, a sizable dent clearly visible on the lower part of her breastplate. 
“I’m fine,” she coughed as he helped her up. He didn’t get a chance to say anything, for a second giant borer followed the first one, screeching in unison, and the two started shambling their way with alarming speed towards the light sources — Nellise and Sayana. 
“Everyone, rally around me!” Aiden cried out, readying his sword as the others rushed over to him. “Clavis, can we outrun these things?”
“They can keep up with us real easy,” he called back, pulling out a hatchet as he skidded to a halt next to Aiden. “They hate bright lights, loud sounds, and fire, though, and I think we have plenty o’ that. We don’t have to flee, man — we can hold here!”
“You’d better be right about this,” Aiden muttered, as the larger of the two borers shrieked and charged towards the light that was hurting its puny eyes. The giant borers moved on all fours, and seemed to resemble a cross between a wolverine, tortoise, and a mole. Their armored hides glistened a sickening shade of yellow-white, and each of their four paws was tipped with vicious claws. 
They towered over Aiden and the others by a full three feet, and must have weighed close to a ton. Colt was the closest to the creatures, and had been backing away from them to regroup with Aiden and the others. 
The big ranger drew his greatsword and waited for the large borer to move in close enough, then swung the huge weapon at its flank, slicing through its hide and gashing it severely. He hadn’t anticipated the creature’s hind legs, though, and was suddenly thrown backward by a retaliatory blow from a leg that sent him into the path of the smaller borer, though small was definitely a relative term. 
Aiden may have lost track of Pacian in the darkness, but Pacian had found a way to be useful. He struck hard, plunging a dagger in between the smaller beast’s armored plates, giving Colt a chance to stagger back to the rest of the group. Pacian tried to hit it again with his other dagger, but the borer’s thrashing turned it away, and he was thrown back into the shadows with his first dagger still stuck in its side.
“Clavis, give Pacian some cover!” Aiden yelled, as the small borer turned to follow its attacker into the shadows. 
“I can’t,” Clavis exclaimed. “I left me bow over with me tools!”
“Same with my longbow,” Colt grated, swinging his sword back and forth to try and keep the large borer at bay. 
“I’ve got mine,” Nellise cried, raising her crossbow and aiming at the smaller creature, while Sayana pulled out her hatchet and ran to one side of the large beast. It was lashing out with its paws at Colt as he warily searched for a way past. There was enough light to see the back end of the smaller creature, which gave Aiden an easy target for his sword. 
A flash of light lit up the area of the cavernous hall, followed by the roar of the larger borer as Sayana bathed it in flame. Aiden risked a quick glance, seeing Clavis and Colt working together, when a crossbow bolt from Nellise pierced the creature’s side, drawing its attention.
The huge borer turned in a slow, lumbering fashion and then squirted a stream of liquid from its mouth. Whatever it was, it splashed on the ground at Nellise’s feet, sending up a cloud of noxious vapor as it sizzled on the bare rock.
“Oh, they also squirt acid for eatin’ through rock,” Clavis yelled as an afterthought.
“That would have been handy to know a few minutes ago!” Aiden called back, his heart racing as he took another swing at the borer in front of him. “Pace, are you still over there?” he called.
“Yeah, thanks for the assist, mate,” Pacian yelled back. “I’m pulling back, though; it got my arm pretty good.”
“I’ll follow you out,” Aiden cried, stepping to one side and bolting for the group that fought the larger creature not twenty yards away. More flame erupted from Sayana’s position, causing it to shriek and recoil from the heat and light. 
Aiden wasn’t sure what had motivated them to attack — it might have been hunger, or that the light pained their eyes, or some other reason. With the large borer on the defensive, Colt took the opportunity to take a powerful, reckless swing at its head. His weapon struck a telling blow, gouging out one of its puny eyes as it sprayed acid from its mouth. The big man’s left arm was splashed with acid, which quickly ate through his leathers and burned his skin. Colt dropped his sword and staggered backward, clutching at his arm and screaming. 
“Bugger this, I’m goin’ for me crossbow,” Clavis bellowed, running past the gravely wounded borer and over to the rock-pile as fast as his little legs would carry him. 
“Watch out behind you,” Sayana warned, spotting the smaller borer starting to move in, dragging its wounded hind leg. “Cover your ears; I’m going to try something.” 
Sayana brought her hands together in front of her as she unleashed her spell, shaking the rock around them and blasting the two wounded borers with deafening sound. They shrieked in agony, unable to withdraw or cover their ears from the assault, but worse still, the blast dislodged rock and debris from above, which scattered across Aiden’s head and shoulders. 
“Sayana, you’d better not do that one again,” Aiden warned, glancing up at the ceiling in trepidation. “The roof could come down on us completely.”
“I had to do something,” she yelled back, as the echoes from the sound blast slowly dissipated. The smaller borer slumped to the ground, as blood oozed from what seemed to be its ears, and its tongue unfurled onto the stone floor. 
The large one, however, was not only still active, it had gone berserk. Its tiny eyes narrowed on Sayana, and it spat a stream of acid at her. 
She was quick to react, leaping away to avoid most of the acid, though she still caught some of it on her legs. Pacian started to work on the other side, stabbing away at its exposed flank. Nearby, Clavis stood amidst the rubble, cranking out bolts as fast as his repeating crossbow could manage.
Pummeled from all sides, the beast eventually stopped moving and slumped to the ground. Aiden struggled to catch his breath, the left side of his chest stabbing with pain if he breathed too deeply. Clutching at his side, he staggered over to check on the others. 
“Everyone okay?” Aiden croaked, trying to see how Nellise and Colt were faring. A soft light glowed from the crystal Nellise held as she healed Colt’s burned arm. Grimacing through the pain, Sayana had dragged herself back over to Nellise as well, her legs sporting some nasty burns that would need tending.
“We’re fine,” Colt replied gruffly, examining what remained of the armor on his left arm. 
“Everyone, gather around, and I’ll do some group healing,” Nellise instructed, opening her eyes to take in the line of patients awaiting her care. Clavis walked over and sat on the ground with the rest of them, looking overwhelmed at what he’d just seen.
“We used to keep ’em as pets,” he mumbled in disbelief, looking at the massive bulk of the dead creatures nearby. “Now I see why we used to cull ’em in the wild; I wouldn’t want a bunch of those giant things running through me city.” 
“Clavis, it would have been handy to know about them before we entered the city,” Colt growled in frustration. 
“Pets, I tell ye!” Clavis protested, his hands raised in supplication. “If’n I thought they’d be a problem, I woulda told ya. I swear on me life.” 
“So, you never encountered them before on your previous visits?” Aiden pressed. “Not even a tremor?”
“Nay; the first time down I ran into a pack of bandits that were using the top level as a hideout,” he replied as way of explanation. “Twenty-five o’ the bastards, more’n I could take by meself. So I left again before they saw me, never having gone beyond the entrance.”
“What about the last time,” Pacian asked bluntly. “You made it to this point, and yet saw no giant monsters?”
“That’s right; I never saw or felt the damn things,” Clavis shot back. “Me and my team made it here and no further, with no sightings.”
“Easy,” Nellise said gently. “No one is accusing you of hiding their existence on purpose. The question we need to ponder now, however, is do we continue on, knowing there could be more of them?” 
“I’d hate to have come all this way for nothing,” Aiden sighed. “I hear what you’re saying though; this was a bit more than we bargained for.”
“Nothin’s changed really,” Clavis suggested. “I told ye all that Ferrumgaard was dangerous, but the reward is gonna outweigh the risk, so long as ya have the courage to persevere. And on the upside, we’ve got a way through now that we never woulda had afore them borers came through.”
“Does save us a lot of rock-moving,” Colt grunted. 
Nellise seemed to weigh up the positives against the perils, and reluctantly gave in. “All right; if the hard part is over, we may as well press on,” she agreed. “The reward had better be worth the risk.” 
Having made their decision, Aiden went over to the pile of rocks to put on his leathers once more, swearing to never remove them while still underground. 
“There’s something I never thought to pack,” Sayana observed quietly, as she mournfully picked at the tattered remains of her leathers. “Spare pants.”

Chapter Eleven

The tunnel curved through the rock for some distance, then re-entered the old chambers of Ferrumgaard once more. Clavis explained that while the borers could dig through rock well enough, they preferred to set up a tunnel network to move around with ease. 
While they were walking, Aiden dropped back to the rear of the group to speak with Nellise about the body they had found under the fallen rock. 
“It was no more than three years gone, at the most,” she informed him quietly. “Apparently the local wildlife cleaned up the bones quite rapidly, for if he had received a proper burial, the body would obviously have appeared quite differently. A little more... fleshy, as it were.”
“Only three years,” Aiden mused, trying to resolve something that didn’t quite add up. “Clavis claims the rock fall stopped their progress two years ago, but that body was definitely buried underneath it. 
“Therefore, the passage had to have collapsed on them, trapping those underneath. Clavis lied about what happened the last time he was here. That body must be the remains of one of his companions.”
“It doesn’t please me to say it, but I don’t see any other way he could have become trapped there,” Nellise whispered. “We shouldn’t jump to conclusions, though — perhaps there was an accident, or he ran into something that attacked his team.”
“Even if that’s true,” Aiden disagreed, “why would he keep that information from us?”
“When we stop to rest, I think we should confront him about these omissions,” Nellise suggested. “I have the distinct feeling this place is only going to become more dangerous the further we go.”
They left the confines of the borers’ tunnel, entering a new part of the city, and weren’t quite prepared for what they saw. The decaying bones of hundreds of dwarven people were strewn across the streets, and the buildings here were heavily damaged, but from what, Aiden couldn’t tell. The air was quite stale and warm in this part of the complex.
“What in God’s name happened here?” Nellise breathed, looking around at the carnage. The others were similarly taken aback, but nobody, even Clavis, had any answers. 
“Me first thought was that these folks died in the flood,” he muttered grimly, “but the water never came up this far.”
“And what about this?” Pacian called from behind them. Aiden turned and saw that his friend was pointing at the collapsed section they had just bypassed. 
The bones of numerous people were sticking out of the rocks, much in the same way as the other body they’d seen on the other side of this rock fall. Signs of broken weapons were littered amongst the bones, and Aiden exchanged a knowing glance with Nellise, whose eyes were wide with puzzlement at this new development. 
“Give me a few minutes to examine these bodies, and to pray,” she asked. “I need an answer to the carnage I see before me.”
“I think we all do,” Sayana said, appearing distraught. Aiden gave Nellise the space she needed and moved over to speak with Clavis.
“Is this still the worker’s district?” he asked, looking around at the wreckage and trying to see if there was any similarity to the buildings further back.
“If memory serves,” he answered darkly, “this was the dwellings o’ the common folk. More’n that, I couldn’t tell ya with any accuracy. I haven’t stood on this ground in nearly a hunnerd years, Aiden, and truth be told, there’s much that I didn’t know, even back then.”
They stood amongst the devastation of the city for a few more minutes in silence, where only the faint whispers of Nellise’s prayers could be heard echoing through the still streets. 
“It would seem this group of people left this world nearly a century ago,” she eventually reported, looking drained, although whether from the prayer or the information she’d gleaned, it was hard to tell. “The manner of their deaths was not revealed to me, but it was virtually simultaneous. All of them died around the same time. The weapons strewn around here indicates there was a battle, and we are looking at the losers.”
It was a sobering thought, to understand the people trying to escape the flood had instead ended their lives at each other’s throats. It must have been a chaotic scene, with thousands scrambling to be free of the dying city. 
“This place stinks of death and betrayal,” Colt growled. “There’s nothing further to be gained by standing around.”
“Aye, the sooner we’re out of here the better,” Clavis agreed soberly, guiding them through the pile of fallen masonry. 
Aiden kept his eye on the dwarf for the first few minutes, weighing up whether or not to approach him about the curious omissions concerning his last attempts accessing the city. Colt and Sayana were a few steps ahead, leading the group towards what appeared to be another stairwell at the edge of their light.
In spite of Aiden’s concerns, they were right in the middle of their expedition, and he didn’t fancy getting into a heated discussion right here and now. They must be getting close to the area where more valuable finds would be made, and Aiden still held out hope he would discover the long-lost information he sought. Reluctantly, he stifled his concerns a little longer and approached Clavis for a word.
“What’s up?” Clavis grunted absently, intent upon their surroundings.
“Do you remember anything about a library, or workshop, a place where delicate research would be done?” Aiden asked.
“Library?” Clavis responded, Aiden having his full attention now. “I don’t remember a lot o’ books from my time here, lad, except those as were kept by the engineering corps. 
“I do remember a tallfellow, though, who used to visit all the time. Had a strange name that I can’t quite recall. Anyway, he was a human from Aielund, and was always looking for bits and pieces that we would dig out o’ the ground. He visited so often the king let ’im set up shop here. If anyone would’ve had a collection o’ knowledge like that, it woulda been him.”
“Just what I’m looking for,” Aiden said, trying to hide his excitement. “We haven’t passed his chambers, I hope?”
“Nay, he was housed in amongst the nobles, on the fourth level. We should pass by there soon enough, and I’ll be sure’n point his old place out to ya. Better that you keep anything he might have had o’ value, than leave it here for the rats and borers to eat. Mind yer step there, lad; looks like the floor has given way.” 
A hole roughly ten feet across, partially hidden by the shadows cast by Sayana’s flame, was to the right of the path they walked. They carefully moved around the edge on the way to the stairs, noting with some discomfort that the bottom of the hole was deeper than their lights could reach. 
The stairs were the same as before, wide, and carved out of the stone itself. Dust and dirt kept a record of their footprints as they moved down, with an unconscious urge to keep as quiet as possible. 
Now, more than ever, Aiden had the feeling they were walking in a tomb, and they should disturb the surroundings as little as possible. It didn’t help that they passed a number of skeletons, covered in cobwebs and a century of dust, their skulls staring at them with hollow sockets.
Upon reaching the fourth floor, Aiden could see the buildings were indeed larger and more elaborate than those above. The smell was a little strange, though — far from the intensifying musty dankness, this area smelled almost like something had been burned, and it was an aroma he didn’t recognize. 
“Smells like boiled crab down here,” Colt grunted, apparently noticing the smell too. They followed Clavis along a wide street, taking in the eerie sights and smells of part of the city that had remained undisturbed for nearly a century. Pacian had already disappeared into a nearby building, eager to finally locate some hidden treasure in amongst the crumbling buildings of Ferrumgaard’s nobility.
“I have the strangest feeling we are being watched,” Sayana murmured, looking around, as if trying to spot something about to pounce on them from the shadows. 
“Easy, girl,” Clavis grumbled, “Ain’t nothing been down here for longer’n ye’ve been alive.”
“No, she’s right; I feel it too,” Nellise said, her voice trembling slightly. “I can’t put my finger on it, but there’s something wrong here.”
“Balderdash,” Clavis muttered. “The worst we’re going to see is a few more borers. Blimey — sorry Aiden, I’ve got some bad news for ya. See that pile of stone up ahead, blocking the street?”
“Yes, what of it?” Aiden replied, his ears pricking up at the prospect of more trouble.
“Yer library is in there. Or rather, was in there, I should say. Looks like the ceiling came down from above, from that hole we went around. Damn place is coming apart... breaks me heart.” 
Aiden’s hopes of salvaging something from this cursed city were rapidly diminishing. Indicating for Sayana to follow along with him and provide some light, he moved up for a closer look. 
“Is this the end of the road?” Colt wondered, glancing around at the ruined scene. The rock fall seemed fairly complete from this level, but Aiden wasn’t about to give up yet. He managed to heave away a large stone with his gloved hands, depositing it on the floor, and then returning for another one. 
“I think you’re wasting your time, mate,” Colt suggested after a few minutes of watching. Aiden was about to agree when he noticed a pocket of air inside. 
“Sayana, can you move your light in there?” he asked her, intent upon the gap inside. She complied with a gesture from her hand, sending the tongue of flame hovering inside the gap. 
As Aiden suspected, at least part of the interior was hollow. He wasn’t certain if any more stone could be shifted away without bringing the whole lot down, however. Aiden conveyed his concerns to Clavis, who was more of an expert on such matters.
“It’s a tough call to make,” Clavis offered, after a minute of close inspection. “With enough time, we might be able to brace part o’ the structure and make a hole to crawl through. I guess it depends how badly ya want to get in there, to risk being buried alive should it come down on yer head.”
“Aiden?” Nellise said, trying to get his attention.
“Just a moment, Nel,” he muttered absently, still focused on the problem before him. 
“Aiden, turn around, you daft bastard,” Colt snarled, snapping Aiden out of his obsession. 
He turned around to see what had stirred them up so much, and was shocked to see that there were a number of glowing dots out in the darkness — the eyes of dozens of onlookers, shining in the reflected light. 
“What the hell are those things?” Pacian asked, his daggers drawn. Clavis turned and peered back at the unknown onlookers, but couldn’t seem to make out any more than the rest of them. 
“They ain’t borers, in case ye were wondering,” he whispered. “But I canna see past the lights. Can ya cover them up, ladies? I’ll see a whole lot better without ’em.”
“I am not going to stand here in pitch blackness with those things surrounding us,” Nellise exclaimed, gripping the staff tightly. Sayana said nothing, but closed the palm of her hand, extinguishing the flame.
“Cover it with your cloak for a minute,” Aiden suggested. “Give Clavis a chance to see what’s out there.” 
By now, there were over three dozen pairs of eyes watching them, effectively cutting them off from the way back up. Aiden and Colt both had their swords drawn, but if these creatures had wanted them dead, they would have already attacked. 
Against her better judgement, Nellise brought her cloak over the top of her staff, limiting the light from her prayer to the immediate area at her feet. 
“That’ll do just fine,” Clavis said, a catch in his voice. He was clearly as nervous as the rest of them, but apparently had a hunch about the nature of the creatures around them, enough to risk moving in a little closer to take a look.
“How can this be?” he breathed a few moments later. “These are me kin — they’re dwarves!” 
This incredible statement left Aiden thunderstruck, and judging by their silence, the others were probably feeling much the same way. 
Clavis took a few steps towards the group and spoke a few words to them in the heavy dwarfish language. He received a reply in the same tongue, spoken with an even thicker accent. One of them stepped forward to speak with him up close. They talked for several minutes, and the tone of their voices didn’t fill Aiden with encouragement. 
“What the hell is going on?” Pacian whispered nervously. 
“I don’t know; don’t make any threatening moves,” Aiden advised through clenched teeth. Clavis was still speaking to his counterpart, but the conversation was becoming increasingly heated. 
Nellise unfurled her staff, shedding its light onto the proceedings, and Sayana brought her hovering torch back into existence. To their mutual dismay, the sight that greeted them was Clavis backing up towards the group with a spear pointed at his chest.
“He’s gone and started a bloody war,” Colt growled, drawing his greatsword. With their lights shining brightly, Aiden could see the gleam from several dozen crude spears leveled at them, and the dwarves who held them slowly moving forward, squinting in the bright light.
They were pale-skinned, and clad in rudimentary animal furs. The spears they held seemed to be well-made, and the dwarves held them with practiced hands. But it was more than their outright appearance and weaponry that had Aiden on edge — it was the look in their eyes, a look seemingly devoid of anything close to compassion or sanity.
“What did you say to them?” Pacian yelled at Clavis, who had completely backed away to shelter behind Colt’s formidable presence. 
“They’re mad,” Clavis gasped incredulously. “This is the MacAliese clan, me very own cousins! Their leader, Parlan, admitted they were the ones that flooded the city a century ago, by breaking through a wall into an underground lake on purpose.”
Clavis and the entire group were moving backward now, around the rock pile that covered the only potential location for Aiden’s long-sought answers, and pushing them deeper into the city itself. Nothing barred the way behind them as yet, and the wall of spears blocking the way back to the surface drew inexorably closer.
“Didn’t you tell them who you were?” Aiden asked, looking about with consternation. 
“Aye, and they don’t believe me,” Clavis shot back. “They think all their kinsmen were with ’em at the time. They don’t allow anyone from the surface to come down here anymore, and they’re gonna make sure we don’t get back up there’n let everyone know what’s going on. The only reason we’re still alive is ’cause o’ the light yer shining.” 
“Do we fight them, or run?” Colt asked, his voice tight. Despite their apparent hostility, the dwarves of the MacAliese clan still hadn’t attacked, giving Aiden pause. 
Breaking back through to the stairway didn’t seem to be an option, and he certainly wasn’t game to try and fight past three dozen spears. “Clavis, what’s in the other direction?” Aiden quickly asked.
“The way down to the next level,” he answered, “but it’s still a hunnerd feet or so.”
“Maybe there’s a prison set up for intruders?” Nellise suggested.
“They don’t seem like the type to keep prisoners,” Colt growled.
“I’m not willing to hang around and find out,” Pacian muttered, giving them a quick glance before turning and bolting into the darkness. 
“Pace, get back here!” Nellise called, as half a dozen dwarves gave pursuit. The leader, the one Clavis had identified as Parlan, barked out a few words, and the rest of his small army moved in, thrusting with their spears. Aiden spoke the command word to activate his shield, which flared into existence just in time. Spear after spear slammed into the shield, sending sparks flying, as Aiden was rocked backwards by the force of each blow. The shield seemed to flicker and dim with each hit, threatening to vanish altogether under the onslaught, but he couldn’t back down and risk exposing his companions.
Their chances of escaping to the surface had evaporated, leaving only one possible route — the stairs down. 
Clavis shot bolts from his repeater into the line of spearmen, striking true each time. The close range meant the crossbow was particularly effective, especially against the unarmored dwarves. Colt’s sword swung back and forth, biting into flesh and wood as he shattered spears and helped Aiden hold the line.
Nellise finished a prayer and bathed Aiden and the others in a glowing radiance that infused them with energy and put their attackers at a disadvantage — for the insane dwarves of Ferrumgaard, so used to total darkness, it was not unlike squinting straight into the sun. In spite of this, the sheer bulk of their numbers pushed Aiden and the others back, further into the city. 
From behind the group of spearmen, a deep, chanting voice could be heard over the sounds of battle. It grew in volume and intensity, and as it did so, the light from Nellise’s prayer started to waver and dim, allowing the spearmen to see more clearly.
“He’s countering me,” Nellise muttered in astonishment. She raised her voice, chanting aloud for the first time that Aiden could recall in an effort to bolster her prayers.
“...Praise be unto you, Light of Heaven, I am one with the light and the faith, it surges through me, unceasing, unrelenting, bathing the faithful in your power and...” 
It was working, after a fashion — the light slowly grew stronger, overcoming the unnatural darkness being thrown at them. Nellise’s opposite number hadn’t given up yet,  however, for the light dimmed and strengthened again in a constant struggle for control.
Sayana moved forward as this was going on, the tattoos on her legs glowing as she unleashed magical flames, scorching four or five spearmen in the front row. The smell of burned hair and skin accompanied the sounds of screaming as the wounded dwarves fell back, only to be replaced by others. 
Aiden could see how hopeless it was — they were too heavily outnumbered. Despite their efforts, at least twenty dwarves were still standing before them. As Clavis started rapidly shooting bolts into the crowd again, Aiden came to the decision that it was time to withdraw. 
“Colt, get everyone to that stairwell,” he gasped. 
“Sounds like a plan to me,” the ranger yelled back, cutting down another spearman as he started withdrawing. Aiden kept himself in front of the line of spearmen to prevent them from having a clear strike at anyone else, as the clan leader barked out a few commands, pressing the attack. 
They were grinning maliciously now, sensing their advantage. Aiden knew he would be unable to hold them back for much longer, so he started to pull back as fast as he dared. 
A sudden sharp pain in his leg made him cry out — a spear had grazed him. He moved to raise his arm and position the force shield behind his head to give him some protection, before noticing it had vanished. 
Another spear struck the same leg, and Aiden went down in a heap, tumbling over twice before coming to a stop. 
The pain was excruciating. When he reflexively reached down to his leg, he grasped the spear gruesomely sticking out of it. The shaft had broken off in the tumble, but the point had gone in deep. With no shield, he had nearly consigned himself to an early grave when a blast of flame shot over his head, stopping the oncoming dwarves in their tracks and severely scorching the frontrunners. 
Aiden felt strong hands grasp him under his arms and drag him backwards, past Sayana, who stood guard over him, flames roaring in front of her to keep the enemy at bay. They were distracted further as knives flew through the air from the darkness. 
A bloodied and angry Pacian darted into the light, his dagger dripping as he raced past Sayana and headed for the stairs. She turned and followed him, using the diversion as a chance to break away without risk.
“You gotta stand up, man,” Colt bellowed, lifting Aiden back on to his feet, causing agony to shoot through his wounded leg. He stifled a scream and managed to limp over to the first stair, noticing everyone else was already there and awaiting him a few steps down. The light dimmed again, plunging them into near-darkness as Nellise leaned heavily against the stone wall.
“It’s no use; he’s too strong,” she breathed, clearly exhausted from her own personal battle.
“We’ll never get away from them with half of you unable to run,” Pacian remarked, also trying hard to catch his breath. 
Aiden, looking out at the sea of shining eyes closing in on them, couldn’t believe it was going to end like this. If only they had a door they could jam shut, or something else that could block the stairs, they could at least remove the immediate threat. 
A risky idea flashed through his mind. “Sayana, use a sound blast,” he ordered, gasping from the pain in his leg.
“But you told me not to,” she replied warily. “It could bury us alive!”
“If you don’t do it, we’re dead anyway. Everyone,” Aiden shouted, “get down the stairs as fast as you can!” 
They complied, with Colt offering his shoulder to help Aiden hobble down, one stair at a time. Despite her reservations, the exhausted sorceress turned and invoked her power, violet light swirling and pulsing along the tattoos in her legs as she brought her hands together. 
The clap of thunder that erupted from her hands was deafening, and shook the very ground they stood upon. The dwarves roared in dismay, dropping their spears to clutch at their ears in agony. Small rocks and a pile of dirt dislodged from the ceiling above, but it still held. 
“Do it again — drop the ceiling!” Aiden shouted. 
Sayana swayed to one side, but managed to steady herself. Again, the lights surged along her legs, but before she could finish, a spear suddenly appeared out of her back, having been thrown by a nearby foe. 
Time seemed to slow. Aiden saw all their hopes crumbling as Sayana staggered backward from the blow. With an incredible feat of willpower, she managed to finish the invocation and unleash a final blast of sound. 
This time, the ceiling did not hold. It crumbled, slowly at first, then in larger and pieces. Aiden was unable to move — his legs simply wouldn’t respond to any commands as he tried to go forward and grab the wounded girl before she was crushed to death by falling rock. 
“Get him out of here!” Nellise yelled over the tumult as she dashed past, pushing Aiden and Colt backward down the stairs. Exhausted as she was, Nellise pushed through the rocks and managed to grab the back of Sayana’s belt as the remaining light from her staff was obscured and the rest of the ceiling came crashing down. The sounds of screaming could be heard over the thunderous noise just before Aiden was left in darkness and pain.
When the roar of falling rock had finally subsided, the unnatural silence of the dead city returned. Aiden sprawled next to Colt at the bottom of the stairwell, both of the men coughing in the cloud of dirt that had been dumped on them. 
From the sounds of ragged breathing, Clavis and Pacian were nearby, having been furthest from the devastation. There was no light whatsoever. Everything Aiden knew about his surroundings was based solely on his hearing. 
Between the spearhead lodged in his leg and the fall, his whole body was in agony. His right arm was practically useless, and he felt the warmth of blood streaming from several other smaller wounds. 
A brief flash of light pierced the stifling darkness as someone began striking flint and steel to ignite a torch. It took several tries before the sparks caught and the torch flared into life. 
Pacian held it high to take in the scene. He was covered in dirt, but otherwise still standing. Clavis was next to him, searching through the rubble for signs of life while ignoring the cuts and bruises he’d received from the falling rock.
“Ah, found ’em,” he exclaimed, spying Colt slowly pushing rocks and dirt off his body to get to his feet. “Hold still, man, ya might have a broken bone or three.”
“I’m fine,” the big ranger choked, coughing some more to disprove his point. “Nothing broken, though it’s not for a lack of trying.”
“What about Nel and Sayana?” Aiden managed to croak. 
“I think they’re a little further up the stairs,” Colt said grimly, dusting off his leathers. “Which means they’re at least partially buried under that rock.”
“They might still be alive,” Pacian said stubbornly, wedging the torch into nearby rocks and moving up the stairs to begin excavating.
“Aye, there’s always a chance, lad,” Clavis said, keeping his voice neutral. “You two make a start on it; I’ll tend to Aiden’s wounds a bit.” 
He came in closer and carefully examined Aiden’s leg. “I’m broken up pretty badly, aren’t I,” Aiden breathed, already knowing what Clavis was going to say.
“There’s no foolin’ ya,” he muttered, taking off his belt and folding it over, then leaning forward and offering it for Aiden to bite down on. “Me belt might taste like dirt, but it’ll do the job. 
“Just think of it as a really tough steak, and I’ll put you back together as best I can. I gotta take out this spear first, and then I’m gonna set your leg,” Clavis informed him, clearly not a proponent of the ignorance-is-bliss line of thought. 
The dull ache numbing Aiden’s senses became a sharp pain. He stifled a scream as Clavis pulled the spearhead out of his wounded leg. His breath came in short gasps and he was covered in sweat, but the spear was out. 
“You’re doin’ real good, lad,” Clavis assured him, taking out a small flask and splashing its contents into the wound. Aiden bit back another scream as the burn from alcohol cleansed the wound. “When we’ve dug Nellise out, we’ll be using some o’ those healing flasks she was given back in town to fix you quicker, but right now I need to spend a few minutes to clean ya up a bit before I set this leg in place.” 
Aiden nodded, resting his head back against the least uncomfortable rock he could find as he caught his breath. A few seconds later, his leg exploded with pain as Clavis set the broken bone back into place with one swift, sharp move. 
Aiden’s last thought, before the blackness rolled over him, was lying bastard.

Chapter Twelve

It was almost completely dark when Aiden finally came to, a headache pounding behind his eyes, and sharp pains stabbing the rest of his body. The nearby torch was burning low, its flickering flame no larger than that of a candle. A strong smell was in the air, a kind of damp, musty odor that reminded Aiden of rotting vegetables.
His leg still ached, and it appeared to have been splinted with the handle of an axe, then wrapped with a combination of torn clothing and bandages. Turning his head slightly, he could see that much of the rock around him had been removed, and in its place was Nellise’s prone form.
“Took an hour to dig them out,” Pacian said in a hoarse voice to Aiden, sitting beside her. His old friend looked unusually sombre, and didn’t take his eyes from her when he spoke. “Nel took a blow to the head from a bloody big rock. She’s lucky to be alive at all, although there’s no telling how long she’ll be out. After all that effort to armor herself up, she couldn’t have bought a helmet too?”
Aiden slowly raised himself up to rest on his elbows, wincing at the various pains shooting throughout his body at the slight movement. Nellise’s breathing was shallow, and the parts of her body that weren’t covered by armor were torn and cut or wrapped in bloodied bandages. Clavis, sitting at the base of the stairs, noticed Aiden’s movement and crawled closer to investigate.
“Ah, good to see yer awake,” he said, checking out the splint on the young man’s right leg. “Ordinarily, I’d say ye’d have to wear this thing for six weeks before ya could walk unaided again, but if — when Nel wakes up, she should hopefully be able to get ya back on yer feet in a few hours.” He produced a small vial, most likely taken from Nellise’s pack, and handed it to Aiden. 
“These little vials are potent healing draughts, so give it a swig,” Clavis advised. Aiden leaned to one side and used a free arm to take the offered medicine, which he drank down in one gulp. It was foul-tasting stuff, but almost immediately he began to feel a tingling throughout his body, particularly the wounded parts. 
“Potent little mixture, innit? That’ll help ya out some, but it’s not nearly enough to fix yer leg. We used most of them to help out Sayana, and we’ve only got one left for when Nel wakes up.”
Aiden heard a catch in his voice, and with cold realization dawning, began to pay closer attention to their surroundings. The sounds of rapid, shallow breathing could be heard from nearby. Fearing the worst, Aiden carefully dragged himself up the stairs towards the noise, until he could see Colt sitting beside the wild girl, who lay in amongst the rubble. 
The ranger held a torch in one hand, and Sayana’s right hand with the other. Sweat beaded on her brow and her eyes were wide open, but she stared straight up at the stone ceiling and barely noticed Aiden’s approach at all. The spear that had impaled her before she fell had been removed, leaving a gruesome wound that soaked the bandages around her midriff with blood.
“She should be dead, or at least unconscious, with a wound like that,” Colt said softly, looking down at Sayana without any visible emotion. “I can’t imagine what keeps her hanging on to life, but she’s a tough one, no doubt about it.”
“Will she live?” Aiden asked, drawing a shrug from the big man.
“She’s holding steady, though she’s obviously lost a lot of blood. The only reason she’s still breathing is ’cause of those tonics and whatnot we retrieved from Nel’s pack. Before she took ’em, I was holding her guts in with my bare hands, I swear to God.”
“Hang in there a little longer,” Aiden whispered to Sayana, being careful to keep his voice optimistic. “Once Nellise is awake, she’ll fix you up good and fast, do you understand?” 
Sayana didn’t respond, but she did blink emphatically, which Aiden took as some sort of acknowledgement. 
As he sat watching her cling to life, his sense of relief was replaced with exasperation at their current predicament. “Clavis, when did you say you were here last?” he quietly asked.
“A few years back,” the dwarf answered, “though I take it ya mean in the city in general, for I ain’t been down this far since I was in short pants.”
“So, when you say ‘a few years,’ do you mean three?”
“…Roughly, sure,” Clavis agreed hesitantly. 
“And when you reached that passageway upstairs,” Aiden continued smoothly, “you said it was blocked, so you had to turn around and leave, is that correct?”
“Aye, and how is this line o’ questioning relevant to our current situation?” Clavis snapped back, apparently feeling the stress. 
“Aiden, maybe this isn’t the time to talk about this,” Pacian advised.
“We appear to have plenty of time,” Aiden replied coldly. “We found a body, half-buried under the rock fall, and Nellise says it was less than three years old, so it couldn’t have been buried beneath tons of stone if it had already collapsed when you arrived.” 
Clavis leveled a stern glare at him and took a step forward. “What’s yer point?” he growled. 
“I think at least one of your associates died under that rock fall,” Aiden said bluntly. “I think you had a few people with you when you came back here, and they all died in that collapse. But what I can’t figure out is why you felt it necessary to keep that from us.” 
“How can she know how old a skeleton is anyway?” Clavis grunted, dismissing his argument.
“She’s studied anatomy, for one thing,” Aiden remarked, “and received some divine insights as well. Now, I’m not a particularly religious person,” he added, seeing Clavis scoff at this news, “but Nellise is. 
“We’re still alive today because of her faith and devotion to a higher power, and if that same power says to her that that a body is three years old, I’m inclined to believe her. Can you honestly look me in the eye and tell me she’s wrong? If you can do that, I’ll drop this whole thing right now.”
“Yer wrong,” Clavis replied with a shrug, but Aiden thought he could detect a lack of conviction in his words. 
“You can lie to us, but you can’t lie to yourself,” he responded. “Look at it this way — if you really believe what happened was an accident, or you’re simply not at fault, tell us. I’m not going to judge your actions with hindsight, or put blame on you where it isn’t due. I need to know the truth.” 
The dwarf stroked his beard absently, never taking his eyes from Aiden until he finally spoke. “Yeah, they died in my keeping,” Clavis eventually said, in little more than a whisper. “I had seven men with me when I came back to claim what was mine, and they all perished in this cursed place. It wasn’t really me own fault, but I still carry the burden, nonetheless.” 
Aiden felt a sinking feeling in his chest when he heard this, not only because the truth had come out, but because lying to get people into this place in search of a lost treasure was exactly what he himself had done, and it had nearly cost them their lives. 
“What the hell is this?” Colt bellowed, standing up and taking a few steps towards the dwarf. “Did you lie to them as well? Blow sunshine up their asses about lost treasures sitting here, waiting to be plundered?” 
“Look, you don’t understand,” Clavis said, his voice laced with an intensity they hadn’t heard from him before. “Do you know who the king of this place was? King Arland MacAliese, one o’ me cousins! There be only seventeen MacAliese’s still alive after the flood, and I’m next in line fer the throne.”
“I’m not even sure where to start with that,” Pacian retorted. “We’ve found at least three dozen or so of your clan still alive in the city. They’re insane, and tried to kill us, but I’m guessing they’ve more right to the throne of this bloody city than you do. And I’m pretty sure your people back home already have a king.”
“A bloody MacTavish,” Clavis groaned. “They was making me meals, and cleaning me house when I was a wee lad, and now they think themselves the new nobility? They don’t have the right to lead, and when I get out of here, I’m gonna give ’em a choice between the pretender, Sulinus MacTavish, or meself, a descendant of the real king o’ the dwarves, a proper king.”
“What is down here that makes you think they’re not going to throw you out on your arse when you try to tell them this load of tripe?” Colt growled.
“I’ve got me lineage,” Clavis said haughtily, “and that’s enough to get ’em to listen. But they need a symbol, something connected to the old empire to inspire them. King Arland had a war axe that he kept with him most of the time, his own personal weapon, made by our finest artisans out of the rare and valuable mineral we call vythir. 
“Magnificent craftsmanship, and real distinctive, so it can’t be faked. Harder than iron, and it doesn’t rust. I show up with that weapon and it’ll turn some heads, especially the old guard that can remember what life was like back then. They’ll listen, all right, no question.”
“So that’s what you’re after?” Pacian mused. “And you were prepared to sacrifice us to get it?”
“No, no it ain’t like that at all,” Clavis said, shaking his head. “After I saw that a group of bandits had set up camp here years ago, I went and hired some likely lads to help clear ’em out. Took some time, since nobody really wanted to come down here, but I finally found me a fearless group o’ lads, and we sent those bandits packing.
Thing about those boys, though,” he continued, “fearless they may have been, but they had more courage than brains. We got to that tunnel up above, that me and you lot were going to break through, but ya could walk a good fifty paces further along before ya met the old collapsed section back in those days ... before the accident.”
“So, they started digging, and the roof came down on them, I guess,” Pacian drawled. “How did you manage to be the only survivor?”
“I was feelin’ some funny vibrations that the others couldn’t, and went to have a look-see,” Clavis explained with a heavy voice. “I did notice the roof was starting to come in, but by the time that happened, it was already too late. They were good lads, and certainly didn’t deserve to go out like that. Anyway, I didn’t mention it to ya, because I was afraid that ya wouldn’t want to come with me if you’d heard me last helpers died ’orribly.”
“Seems reasonable to me,” Pacian remarked. “But this hair-brained quest of yours to become king is ridiculous. You think an old axe is going to have thousands of your people bowing before you? Not bloody likely. You were right not to mention all this to us. I sure as hell wouldn’t have agreed to come if I’d known.”
“You don’t seem to understand,” an exasperated Clavis countered. “Me people are being led by the descendants of our servants — our king was a bloody baker, by Relnak. The first big crisis they have, they’ll be in trouble, mark me words.” 
“What does a girl have to do to get some peace around here?” 
The softly-spoken words came from Nellise, instantly quelling the discussion. Aiden carefully moved over to her side. Her golden eyes were open, and she smiled wanly up at them.
“You have no idea how glad we are to see you awake,” Aiden breathed with genuine relief. 
“What happened?” she asked, slowly touching her head with one hand and wincing at the result.
“You grabbed Sayana just as the ceiling was coming down,” Pacian explained, gently stroking her hair. “You were hit in the head with a rock. Next time you go to buy armor, include a helmet, okay?”
“I’ll make a point to remember,” she whispered, very weak. “I see someone did an expert job on the bandages. Pretty soon, you won’t need me at all.”
“Perish the thought,” Aiden assured her, taking a small vial of liquid that Colt handed to him. “This is one of your healing tonics, Nel, so drink up and get your strength back.” 
She did so, drinking the concoction, then laid her head down again. “I’m having trouble breathing,” she mentioned, shifting her body around to try and resolve the problem. 
“Yer breastplate took a few dings during the rock fall,” Clavis told her. “It’s probably a bit too tight for ya now, so if you lads can take it off, I’ll get me little hammer and see if I can pound it back into shape.” 
“Thank you, Clavis,” Nellise whispered. “For what it’s worth, I’ve been listening to the conversation, and I understand why you acted the way you did. I forgive you for your deception, and the rest of you might consider doing the same. We need to focus on our predicament if we’re to survive.”
“We’ll get to that in a little while,” Colt grumbled, as he and Aiden undid the straps on Nellise’ breastplate. “As soon as you’re able, Sayana is in need of attention. I honestly don’t know how much longer she’s gonna last.” 
“I knew she was going to be gravely wounded, but it’s good to hear she’s still among the living,” she sighed, as the dented breastplate was lifted away. Clavis took it, giving Aiden a quick, unreadable look, and went over to his pack further down the stairs to do some repairs. 
Nellise was finally able to take a deep breath, and then fished around the inside of her robe for her healing crystal. She examined Sayana’s wound, then made herself as comfortable as one could while sitting upon a stone stairway, and began her prayers. 
It wasn’t long before Aiden began to feel a subtle change in the air as the channeled energy flowed around them. He lay back and closed his eyes for a little while, content for the time being to allow the process to work on his battered body. The rhythmic sounds of Clavis’s hammer striking metal rang out, the dwarf mending Nellise’s armor while she worked. 
A few minutes later, Nellise stopped, slumping to one side, her strength spent. Pacian quickly put his arm around her shoulders and laid her down next to Sayana.
“She will live,” Nellise whispered, placing a hand on the girl’s arm supportively. Aiden felt improved from the healing, though he still favored his other leg, just in case.
Sayana was breathing normally now, though he couldn’t tell without taking off the bandage if the wound had healed over completely. Just the fact that her eyes were closed and she seemed to be resting normally was a good sign, so it seemed they were out of trouble for the time being.
“Did you hear that?” Pacian asked, tilting his head slightly. Aiden gave him a curious look, listening carefully for any kind of unusual sound. He heard nothing for a long moment, and then a kind of dull thump from above, accompanied by the sound of dirt and small rocks hitting the floor of the stairwell.
“Is this tunnel about to collapse?” Aiden asked, suddenly anxious at the thought. Now that his pain had subsided, he was more acutely aware that they were cut off from the surface by tons of rock. 
Clavis quickly moved closer to the collapse and took a look at it, trying to find the source of the noise. “I need more light up ’ere,” he complained. “Fire up another torch and shine it on this section for me, lad.”
“That’s the last torch,” Pacian hedged. “We lost a pile of gear in the collapse. Once it’s gone, we’ll have to wait for one of the ladies to light our way.”
“Bollocks; I’ll have to feel me way around,” Clavis muttered, carefully running his hands over the surface of the stone. “The rock ain’t fallin’ away from this side, but that surely does sound like stones being moved away on t’other. I guess me cousins aren’t quite finished with us yet.” 
Pacian groaned at this news, and Colt spat out a few choice curses. “Way I see it, we got two options,” the big man growled. “Either we start lookin’ for another way to the surface real quick, or we fortify the place and fight them when they break through.”
“Does it look like we’re in any condition to fight?” Pacian snapped. “Of course we’re running; the only question is, where to?”
“There weren’t no other way up that I know of,” Clavis retorted, “otherwise most of me people would have made it out alive when the waters came. All I know is that we canna go back up this way without a fight. As far as I know, there’s only this level that ain’t flooded out. If we don’t find a way through there, maybe we can hide and wait ’til they pass, then make a break for it.” 
“Wait,” Aiden interrupted as an idea flashed through his mind. “You said ‘when the waters came.’ That means there has to be a breach in the walls on one of the lower levels, right?”
“Yeah, it does,” Clavis gravely responded, “but we got no idea what level that breach is on. Could have been on the eighth for all we know, and there’s no way we can swim down that far to find out. Even if we could, it opens out into the lake that was struck, so we’d have to swim up through that and hope there be a way out someplace above.”
“Okay, so there’s a chance it might not work,” Aiden conceded, admitting to himself he was grasping at any hope he could find, “but if your clan was involved in flooding out the city, with the aim of destroying it, then it’s possible they cut that hole on the fifth floor to control how much of the place was flooded out.”
“How do you know the lake was there, though?” Pacian asked. “Maybe the lake was way down at the bottom of the city, where the mines were.”
“No, he’s right,” Clavis said. “If the water filled up here to the fifth level, then it must ’ave achieved a kind of equilibrium with the rest o’ the lake, meanin’ it had to be pretty high up, even if the breach was lower down, if ye get me drift. We better get down to the next level and start searching around; I think there be a strong chance we’ll find that breach there, somewhere.”
“Anything to get away from this damn smell,” Pacian agreed, screwing up his face. “What the hell do they keep down here, anyway?”
“Smells like they’re using it as a garbage dump,” Colt grunted. “It has to go somewhere, I suppose. It’d at least explain why they don’t live down here. Let’s move.”
Colt lifted Sayana as if she weighed nothing at all, leaving most of her equipment on the stairs, since they couldn’t take everything with them. Nellise allowed herself to be lifted without complaint, though she wouldn’t permit Pacian to carry her. She leaned on him instead, and allowed herself to be guided along by the waning torchlight.
“In God’s name, I have never been so tired,” she whispered. “Clavis, who was that man back there who was countering my prayers?”
“Priest o’ Relnak, probably,” Clavis grunted. “Though I can scarcely believe Ol’ Greybeard would answer the call of a treacherous cur like that.” 
Colt’s theory on the nature of the stench permeating the air proved to be correct, as they saw piles of refuse, offal and garbage littering the streets and buildings of this section of the once-great city. The smell became overpowering as they moved through it, glad to find a path that the dwarves kept clear to allow travel through the muck. 
To Aiden’s eyes, it seemed like the refuse was moving, and when he looked closer he saw thousands of dark, finger-sized beetles crawling over the garbage, feasting on the rotting piles. They seemed content to feed and live out their lives as the only inhabitants in this section of the decaying city.
The immense, white-armored hide of a borer loomed up in the street before them as they walked along, scaring them half to death before they realized it was already dead, the flesh having been eaten from its bones by the voracious beetles crawling over its hide. 
What was even more disturbing, though, were the huge gashes along its armored side, as if a massive claw had slashed at the beast. Signs of great teeth marks along its shell indicated something very large had tried and failed to eat the beast. 
“What … the hell?” Pacian asked nobody in particular as he stared at the huge marks. Colt moved in for a closer look, and Aiden winced as the big ranger poked and prodded the carcass.
“I ain’t never heard of something with teeth this big living in the area,” he muttered. “A predator that large, that hunts those bloody borers with their hard shells? Not something I’d want to run into.”
“Don’t look at me fer answers,” Clavis remarked when Pacian glanced his way. “All I can say is, I never seen anythin’ like that durin’ me days livin’ in t’halls.”
“It’s old, though, right?” Aiden nervously asked Colt.
“Hard to be accurate, but it’s gotta be no more than a few years,” Colt explained, doing nothing to ease Aiden’s frayed nerves. 
“Perhaps it’s best we keep moving,” Nellise timidly suggested, glancing around at the darkness. Colt nodded grimly, his expression hinting to Aiden that he was more unsettled than he was letting on.
They were deep underground now, and the pressure of it was starting to get to Aiden. He was constantly nervous, worrying about too many things to truly relax — if his theory about the breach being on the fifth floor was wrong, they were most likely doomed to perish down here. The ceiling was much lower this far into the city as well, being little more than fifteen feet above their heads. 
The sound of splashing water could be heard up ahead, which puzzled Clavis to no end until they arrived at the edge of the stone floor and looked out across a vast body of water.
“Well, blow me down,” he breathed in awe. “The entire floor has cracked in half and sunk at least a few feet, judging by the height those buildings ahead are at. The floor is at an angle too, so I have to assume that some o’ the supports on the lower level have given way over the years.” 
The stone floor they stood upon was a good two feet above the waterline, the paving stones showing signs of having been split apart by tremendous force. “So, we have to wade the rest of the way through freezing cold water?” Pacian asked with dismay.
“It ain’t so cold down here, lad, but I suppose I could try lashing together a raft made out of beetles and excrement for ye,” Clavis grunted, which Pacian politely declined.
 The torch was almost gone and it was too dark to see anything else, so they sat down at the edge of the artificial lake, bunched together for warmth and the comforting reminder of each other’s presence. As the torch died, only Clavis could see their surroundings, and he told them what he saw with a sad note to his voice.
“This used to be the council chambers, where the bureaucracy that kept the city running was set up. A lot of what I can see — and that ain’t much, let me be clear — has been destroyed by the water. There’s a big pile of rubble at the edge of me vision ahead that practically reaches the ceiling, and some of the buildings look like they’re gonna topple over at any minute.”
“Damn, that’s a lot of water though,” he continued. “We’re gonna get wet movin’ around, no doubt about it, and I ain’t lookin’ forward to diving through that to look for a way down to the throne room.” 
They sat quietly in the darkness, listening to the water lap at the stairs for a few minutes, before Clavis spoke again, this time in little more than a whisper. “I’m sorry I got ye all into this mess, and I’m sorry I didn’t tell ya up front what really happened to me. Ye’ve been good to me this whole trip, and ye deserved better than this.”
Nobody answered him, for whatever personal reasons they might have had. Maybe it was the aching in his body, or the tiredness from their ongoing ordeal; but try as he might, Aiden couldn’t offer him any sort of consolation. If they actually found a way out of here, then maybe one day he would forgive the dwarf for his deception, but until then, he couldn’t do it. 
A soft white light appeared at the end of Nellise’s staff, offering them some illumination of the gloomy scene around them. She was leaning against a pile of rock while Pacian rummaged through her backpack, apparently searching for something at her behest.
“Is this it?” he asked Nellise, showing her what appeared to be a small pouch. Moving slowly, she reached up and opened the pouch, looking inside to check the contents. She nodded, taking it from Pacian’s hands and emptying it into a small mortar. Aiden only caught a brief glimpse, but it looked like some sort of herbs she was about to grind up.
“What’s that stuff going to do?” Pacian asked, sitting next to her and watching curiously. 
“A concoction that will keep us going,” she whispered in reply. “Though we may come to regret taking it when its effects wear off. However, we cannot afford to stay here for much longer, despite our need to rest. They will be coming.” 
“Right, then I better get to it,” Clavis declared, standing up and starting to strip off his leathers and equipment in preparation for swimming. 
“You’re still planning to try and get that damned axe?” Aiden asked, already knowing the answer.
“We may have gone through hell down here, but it’ll all be for naught if’n I canna find the bloody thing I came here to get,” Clavis said. “Besides, I might find that breach ya talked about, assuming I can find a way down to the next level.”
“Considering the state of this place, I’d be surprised if you didn’t find a hole in the floor,” Aiden replied caustically. “But I still think this is a bad idea. You know this place better than us, and we should be sticking together.”
“I won’t be gone long, mate,” Clavis assured him. “Hold tight here, and I’ll be right back.” The dwarf cautiously stepped into the cold water, tentatively at first to be sure of its depth, but with greater confidence as he waded out into the city.
“Sayana’s awake,” Colt announced at that moment, as she stirred in his arms. 
“How are you feeling?” Aiden asked.
“I’m starving,” she replied weakly, leaning against the big ranger as she looked about at their surroundings.
“Sounds pretty healthy to me,” Pacian chuckled with relief as Colt pulled out some of their rations for her. Sayana quickly took what she was offered, wolfing down cold sausages, bread and cheese much faster than she should have. She managed to avoid choking, despite her best efforts.
“Here’s something else you can have,” Nellise offered, shaking a small vial of dark liquid vigorously in one hand. “I’ve made enough for all of us, but take only one mouthful, or you’ll regret it later.” She took a swig from the vial herself, shuddering as she swallowed the liquid, then handed it to Pacian, who looked at it dubiously. 
“This stuff better be good, because it smells worse than this garbage pile we’re sitting next to,” he grumbled, taking his mouthful and screwing up his face in silent complaint. “Good God, it smells better than it tastes. Your turn, Aiden.”
“Oh, thanks Pace, I can’t wait to try it after such a ringing endorsement,” Aiden commented acerbically. He down a mouthful fast in the hopes of avoiding the taste, but to no avail. It was a bitter, acrid-tasting substance that made him shudder involuntarily, but almost immediately he felt more energetic.
“Whatever it is, it’s working,” Aiden remarked, handing the vial over to Colt, who took a swig from it without complaint. He passed it to Sayana, who finished off what remained in the vial while she was still eating some bread. She displayed the most benefit from the concoction, as her eyes widened and her posture straightened.
“It will last for little more than an hour,” Nellise explained, “but should give us the strength we need to search this place for a way out. If we don’t find one, I guess it doesn’t really matter after that.”
“I feel great,” Pacian exclaimed, leaping to his feet. “Since Clavis is looking for loot, I’m going to search around a bit for anything interesting. Relax, I’m not going far,” he added when Aiden was about to protest. Pacian tore off a strip of cloth from the bottom of his longcoat and wrapped it around the end of the used torch, while the others rose to their feet and prepared to wade in to the freezing waters to look for a way out. 
Clavis had disappeared from sight several minutes ago, but Aiden could still hear his muttered complaints about the cold, and splashes as he moved around the broken, flooded floor. 
“Hey, I’ve found a way down,” came Clavis’s cry from the darkness ahead. “There’s holes in the floor all over the place fer some reason, so mind yer steps.”
“What sort of holes?” Aiden called back, looking down at the water with trepidation, hoping they didn’t blunder into any by accident. Colt, standing nearby with the women, was keeping watch, only mildly interested in what Clavis had to say. 
“I dunno, it’s kinda hard to make out any detail on ’em, but they ain’t natural, which means some borers might have dug through some time ago,” Clavis guessed. “I dunno if they can swim or not; never thought about it before. But I don’t know what else coulda done it.”
“Well for our sake, I hope they’re as dead as the one we saw on the way through. Any sign of a breach in the walls?” Aiden asked, hoping against hope that a way out had been found, though part of him knew it couldn’t be that easy.
“Nay, though I only been searchin’ for a few minutes,” Clavis answered. “The problem is trying to hold me breath long enough to get a good look-see. Anyway, be careful where ya step. I’m headin’ back under again.” 
“Don’t waste too much time,” Colt warned. “Make searching for the exit a priority.” Clavis signaled his understanding before diving back into the cold waters once more.
Aiden wasn’t really paying attention, as he was watching Pacian climbing the pile of rubble that Clavis had mentioned earlier. It rose up out of the shattered buildings and flood waters around them and seemed to consist mostly of carved stone sections from housing. 
The light from Pacian’s makeshift torch lit the ceiling, and there appeared to be a sizable hole above him. That could only mean that the rubble Pacian was climbing had come from ... the floor above them.
“Pace, watch out; that hole above you leads right up through to where those crazy dwarves are living.” 
Everyone halted immediately at this statement, looking up in trepidation. Pacian perched himself directly beneath the hole and looked through it cautiously. It was much bigger than he was, probably close to ten feet across, and had smooth sides, much like the borer holes they had seen on the higher levels.
Looking around at the base, Aiden couldn’t see any signs that it was used as a passage between the levels on a regular basis. Despite his reservations, he climbed the pile of rubble to join his friend, for although part of him was wary of bringing their enemies down upon them again, another part wanted to know if they’d found their way out of this dreadful place. 
“Give me a boost, would you?” Aiden asked, having figured out the best way to climb through the gap above. Pacian complied, giving him a shove while maintaining his precarious perch on top of the crumbled buildings. Aiden managed to get a hold above the edge of the stone and pull himself up high enough to peer over the edge. 
It was completely dark, but there were also no signs of glowing eyes looking back at him either. His heart racing, he continued to climb all the way, heaving himself over the edge to sit on the stone floor to get an impression of his surroundings.
Although he couldn’t see, his hearing gave him a sense of an enclosed space, as if he’d climbed into one of the buildings they’d passed on their way through. Despite his desire to remain inconspicuous, he motioned for Pacian to throw the torch up through the hole, so he could see where he was exactly. The torch flipped through the gap with ease and landed across from Aiden.
He was underneath a vast pile of fallen rock that was hollowed out, with the hole he had climbed through near the centre of the internal space. The rocks made an almost perfect domed shape overhead, with the remains of a building half-buried within. The door was still intact, though it appeared to be blackened in places, and the bones of several dwarf-sized individuals were scattered and broken around it, probably some locals who had stumbled upon the same entrance Aiden had. 
But what really caught his attention was the gap in the surrounding rock behind him, at roughly chest height, that opened out into the main thoroughfare — the hole he himself had made only hours ago.
Aiden could barely contain his excitement — he had stumbled into the area where Clavis had told him he could find the library, right under the noses of the insane occupants of Ferrumgaard.

Chapter Thirteen

Thinking quickly, Aiden took off his longcoat and draped it over the gap in the wall. Then he poked his head down through the hole in the floor and raised a finger to his lips to call for quiet from the others. Ignoring their curious looks, he limped over to the torch, picked it up, and then cautiously approached the area near the blackened door.
The stone around and above him was too perfect for the fire to have happened by accident. Combined with the scorched door and the broken bones, it was clear that this doorway had some rather serious eldritch protection upon it. 
Leaning in for a closer look, Aiden could see etched runes around the edge of the door, familiar shapes that he recognized from his long years studying arcane knowledge. Most of them he could interpret as protective wards which invoked tremendous energies if the door was touched, but some of them he did not recognize. Whatever they were, it seemed likely they were all related to keeping people out of the room.
Despite the ominous implications, this actually gave Aiden hope, for it increased the likelihood of the contents of the room remaining undisturbed for the past century. If he could figure out how to bypass the protective runes on the door, he’d be able to find out, one way or another.
“Dead bodies lying in front of an enchanted door probably means we should be running the other way,” Pacian whispered over his shoulder, startling Aiden, who hadn’t heard his approach. “You actually think you’re going to get through that with all your limbs still attached?”
“I can read most of it,” Aiden muttered irritably. “The runes I understand are the parts that summon fire to kill you, though. It’s the section over here that I can’t read that’ll have something to do with switching this off. You know, Clavis said this was a library, but I think it’s more than that. Protective magical runes like these aren’t placed on common buildings; they’re usually reserved for more specialized places, the kind where magical artifacts are stored.” 
“Is this the dwarves’ language?”
“No; it’s the language of magic, wizard’s stuff,” Aiden replied absently.
“But if you can’t read it,” Pacian slowly replied, “how are you going to figure it out?”
“Context, Pace, context. I can see runes for passage and authority near the end, so the ones in between should be related.” 
“If you say so, mate.” Pacian shrugged. “But if I know locks, it’s probably something simpler than that. Can’t imagine dealing with all this every time I wanted to go in or out of my room, if you know what I mean.” 
Aiden was fairly certain he’d skimmed over all the arcane runes ever written in the years he spent researching, and if he could jog his memory, he might be able to recall exactly what they were. His frustration began to build as the answer eluded him, impairing his ability to concentrate. Finally, he threw up his hands in exasperation, unable to crack the puzzle.
“It doesn’t make any sense,” he whispered to Pacian, who was fidgeting madly. 
“How do you know?” Pacian whispered back impatiently. “Maybe it’s something you’ve never seen before, though that’s hard to believe, with the amount of reading you did.”
“Runes are basically pictographs,” Aiden explained, “and each has to represent something, in some fashion. This squiggly rune represents fire, for example. But that one right there seems to be complete nonsense; it has no relation to anything else up there.” 
Pacian rubbed his chin stubble for a few moments, then, before Aiden could stop him, reached forward and pushed the indecipherable rune. 
Aiden recoiled reflexively, expecting a blast of arcane fire to incinerate them. To his surprise, the rune sank smoothly into the door frame and then stopped with a solid clunk. The door opened just a crack and a slight gust of stale air swept past them. 
Aiden stared at it for a long moment, and then glared at his friend.
“Told you it was simple,” Pacian said. “Are you going in, or what?”
“One of these days, you’re going to get your hand blown off,” Aiden growled softly, cautiously pushing the door inwards. He held the torch forward to shed some light inside the doorway and saw a dusty room that seemed to serve as both living space and laboratory. 
There were shelves on the wall to Aiden’s right, and further along a large bookshelf was filled with crumbling tomes. He carefully examined the contents of both as he slowly limped past, seeing only normal household objects or jars of long-expired foods. A huge wooden desk was positioned next to the bookshelf, covered in an assortment of curiously-shaped items covered in a thick layer of dust. 
Aiden inhaled sharply as he spotted the desiccated corpse of a robed man slumped over the desk. He had clearly been dead for decades, but whether or not his passing had occurred before or after the terrible events that befell the city, Aiden couldn’t tell.
Across the room, Pacian was rifling through a large chest he’d discovered at the foot of a once-plush bed. Rotten old leather shoes and other articles of clothing flew across the room, until he came across a pouch near the bottom of the chest.
“Finally, some worthwhile loot,” he breathed, hearing the sounds of coins jingling within. 
Gingerly, Aiden pushed the poor dead chap back in his chair and looked at the desk closely, taking a deep breath and blowing away clouds of dust to reveal what lay beneath.
“Aiden? Where are you?” came Nellise’ voice from down below, a little louder than he would have liked. 
“If you’re done over there, you should probably go tell them what we’ve found,” Aiden told Pacian.
“Yeah, I’m good,” Pacian answered, pocketing the coin pouch. “The sooner we get out of here, the better, you know?”
“Well, that’ll give you something to do while I finish up here,” Aiden responded absently.
There were a number of strange objects and papers on the desk: sheets of dry parchment, an ornate metal rod, and other odd knickknacks. In the background, he could hear Pacian quietly informing the others of their find.
A peculiar sound echoed off the stonework. It was deep, more of a vibration, and was powerful enough to cause a few of the glass objects in the room to shake. 
Somewhat alarmed, Aiden tilted his head to try and discern where it had come from. He was fairly certain it was echoing up from below, so at least it wasn’t something he’d unleashed by opening up this room. 
“Aiden, something’s not right,” came Pacian’s call from outside the door, all pretense at stealth thrown to the wind. 
“Another minute and I’ll be done here,” he called back, unable to pull himself away from the wealth of information, and potential answers, he could sense laid out before him. He quickly took off his backpack, pulled out a waterproof oil sack and started carefully placing object after object from the table into it for later examination. 
A moment later, a woman’s scream sounded from below, only to be cut off by the deafening roar of some unimaginable creature.
Pacian swore loudly, and Aiden dropped the sack in shock, limping outside as fast as he could manage to join his startled friend at the edge of the large hole, looking down at the most terrifying sight he had ever seen.
Emerging from the water below was a massive serpentine head, easily ten feet long, with a long, sleek body that disappeared into the depths. Glistening water dripped from the dark, scaled skin of the creature’s head as it extended from a breach in the floor and closed in on their companions. 
Sayana was scrambling over the rubble, trying to get away from the approaching monster, while Colt and Nellise were moving through the water as fast as they could. The massive head moved with uncanny speed, heading straight for Colt’s back, but the big man must have sensed its approach, for he turned around in the water, sword drawn, and looked straight down into the mouth of hell. 
Aiden clutched onto the edge of the stone hole with white-knuckled tension as he watched the scene unfolding below. The giant serpent snapped its jaws a couple of times at Colt, who swung his sword back and forth to keep the giant fanged mouth at bay. 
Wary of the large weapon, it suddenly lunged at Nellise, who was stumbling through the knee-deep waters nearby. She didn’t even see it coming, intent on escaping as she was, and was snatched up in the massive jaws of the serpent as they clamped down on her torso and lifted her from the ground. 
“Son of a bitch!” Pacian yelled instinctively, drawing his two daggers and courageously leaping through the hole to land squarely on the beast’s back. Its head was too far from where he landed to permit any eye-gouging, but that didn’t stop Pacian from driving both blades deep into its hide, causing it to emit an ear-shattering roar as it spat Nellise out. Her staff was flung from her hands as she fell, landing on a nearby pile of detritus, but still shedding enough light to see by.
Colt seized the opportunity to move forward and lunge at the distracted beast with his greatsword, finally facing a foe that the oversized weapon was ideal to fight. With two sweeps of the weapon, Colt cut deep slashing wounds along the sides of the creature’s underbelly, spilling its blood into the foul waters around them. 
The giant serpent was thrashing about, trying to dislodge Pacian, who was stabbing it over and over again in blind rage. Despite his best efforts however, he couldn’t maintain his grip on the slippery hide of the beast, and was thrown into the shallow water nearby. 
Aiden wracked his brains, trying to figure out a way of hurting the beast. Looking around frantically, he spied a large chunk of rock. Grasping it with his gloved hands, Aiden heaved with all the strength he could muster, slowly moving the massive chunk of stone towards the large hole, spurred on by the terrified shouts of his friends below. 
He gave the rock one last heave and pushed it over the edge, then watched the results. His aim was a little off, but the rock clipped the side of the giant serpent’s body distracting it from its prey. The head pulled back from harassing Colt, then tilted upwards, looking Aiden straight in the eye. Panicking, he scuttled back from the edge as quickly as he could, narrowly avoiding the head as it thrust straight up through the hole, slamming into the rock above it.
A large reptilian eye, bright yellow in color, stared down at him, and the distinctive coppery smell of fresh blood almost covered the musty odor of its slimy hide. The torch Pacian had left with him was starting to die, its meagre fuel having been used up, but it was enough for Aiden to see that the immense maw before him was filled with razor-sharp teeth. 
Aiden lunged towards the doorway at full speed, only to have his wounded leg give way as he hit the door. Pain surged up his body as he tumbled into the room in time to avoid the serpent’s head, which slammed into the wall behind him. Its head was too big to fit through the doorway, but it gnashed its teeth and bellowed loudly trying to break through.
Again and again, the giant serpent slammed into the doorway, the sound of stone cracking from the impact becoming louder with each hit. If only the door’s trap was still active, it’d probably blast the head off it. 
An idea flashed into Aiden’s mind — if the man who had lived here had a mechanism to quickly switch off the trap to allow safe passage, there was probably a way to switch it back on from the inside. 
He limped painfully over to the edge of the doorway, making sure to stay out of the monster’s reach. By the dying light of his torch, he could see the same incomprehensible rune Pacian had recognized as the secret switch. He jumped back in fear as the serpent crunched into the stone, roaring so loudly Aiden thought he’d be deafened, then rushed back in and pushed the rune.
Whatever cunning mechanism the dwarves had designed was still working after a century of neglect, and the door cranked itself shut. From beyond, the unique crackle of arcane power being unleashed could be heard, along with the agonized roar of the serpent. Intensely bright light suddenly shone from under a crack in the door and the sound of the serpent, still howling madly, could be heard withdrawing until it vanished altogether.
Aiden slumped against the door, breathing hard and shaking like a leaf. He sat there for the better part of a minute, gathering his courage, before he leaned over and pressed the button to open the door once more. 
The smell of charred fish wafted in as the door swung open. He could hear his friends below calling out for him, no doubt unaware that he was still alive, after a fashion.
“I’m okay,” he called back, picking himself up, being careful to keep his weight off his injured leg. While not broken, it was certainly injured, and wouldn’t be much use to him until they’d had a chance for Nellise to rest. 
“We have to get moving, now!” Colt bellowed impatiently. “Drop whatever it is you’re doing and get down here — Clavis says he’s found us a way out.” 
Aiden picked up the sack and swept the rest of the material into it. Satisfied he had everything of value, he said a quick farewell to the remains of the wizard whose trap had saved his life, then limped outside, closing the door behind him and touching the arcane rune so that the remains would continue to go undisturbed. He secured the sack over his shoulder, tying it in place so as not to lose it, then hurried over towards the hole.
Before he could make it, several spears were thrust through the gap in the wall, coming close to impaling Aiden’s chest. He jumped backwards in surprise, then tossed the sputtering torch down onto the pile of detritus below and quickly lowered himself through the hole. He landed heavily on his good leg and looked around to gauge the situation. 
The others were gathered around Nellise, who had begun to heal them. Her battered breastplate had been cast aside — the serpent’s great teeth had left gouges all around the armor, to the point of rendering it beyond repair, but it had saved her life.
“Those crazy dwarves know where we are,” Aiden blurted quickly as he got back on his feet.
“Great,” Colt growled. “You know, when Pacian loots something, at least he’s quick about it.” 
“Sorry, but I found a few things that might turn out to be important. Is everyone okay?”
“Yeah, but only because we got lucky. That damn snake was too cautious attacking us. Probably been stung in fights with the dwarves in the past, ’cause I saw a lot of scars along its hide. But you burned its face real good, Aiden. It’ll either swim back to its mother, or come back and attack us with everything it’s got.”
“Ho there,” Clavis called from nearby. He stood right at the outer edge of their light, holding something in his right hand. “I found me king’s axe!” he roared, holding the shining weapon above his head in triumph. “I’m freezing me arse off, but I’ve other good news, too — I found that breach ya thought might be there, Aiden, and it’s a beautiful sight! It’s not far down this hole and leads up into an old lake, mostly drained now, o’ course, but I felt a breeze on me face. Say, what the hell happened here?” 
“We’ll tell you later,” Nellise said with a tremulous voice, popping her crystal back into its pouch and slowly getting to her feet. “That’s all the healing I can do for now, my friends. Any more, and I won’t have the strength to swim out of here.”
“We’ll manage,” Pacian remarked hastily. “Clavis, can you lead us over to this breach you found?” 
The dwarf was about to answer when the water between them erupted, and the serpent’s head plunged towards them once more. In the brief, terrifying second before it struck, Aiden could see its face was hideously scarred from the explosion above. Its left eye was milky white, having been blinded from the blast. 
It lunged for Pacian, who managed to leap aside as the massive jaws clamped shut on the air where he’d been standing. Nellise and Sayana backed away from it, wading through the water as fast as they could. 
“What happened to my crossbow?” Nellise exclaimed, grabbing the space behind her back where it normally hung, frantically searching for the missing weapon.
“Never found it!” Colt barked back, maneuvering for position against the immense creature. 
Aiden drew his sword and spoke the command word to bring his shield into being, but nothing happened. Whatever magic had been in the glove’s crystal was now gone.
The beast wasn’t waiting to see what happened this time — it struck the big ranger, slamming him back into the debris pile on which they stood, and then attempted to bite his head off. The remains of his leathers weren’t enough to thwart the serpent’s attempt to dig in its huge fangs, but while it was busy doing that, Aiden summoned all of his strength and, along with a weary Pacian, managed to get a couple of vicious stabs in on its blind side, distracting the monster before it could snap Colt up in its jaws. 
With his wounded leg, Aiden couldn’t move out of the way fast enough to avoid its bulk as the serpent crushed him up against the pile of debris. Aiden felt his leather breast piece crack and gasped in pain, but fortunately the giant serpent did not keep up the crushing attack as Colt went on the offensive. 
Gasping for breath, Aiden glanced to his left and noticed that Clavis still hadn’t joined the fight. The dwarf stood there, not twenty yards away, clutching his new-found prize and watching the battle unfold before him. 
“Clavis, help us!” Aiden called, picking himself up and clutching at his side with his free hand. The dwarf continued to hesitate and then made up his mind, sinking down into the water and disappearing from view. Uncertain what he was up to, Aiden swore under his breath and limped back into the fray, taking a futile swing at the long body of the serpent as it continued to press the attack.
“You wanna eat something? Eat me, you hell-spawned bastard!” Colt yelled out in challenge to the giant serpent, swinging his weapon wildly at the monster. Pacian resorted to throwing his few remaining knives, trying to keep it distracted so that the others could attack it, but the giant serpent seemed beyond such minor annoyances. 
Colt almost lost his footing on the treacherous surface as he moved in for a swing at the beast. Though it only took a second to flash through his mind, the sense that they were finally beaten took the remaining strength from Aiden’ resolve. 
Then, with a burst of water, Clavis emerged at the base of the monster’s body, roaring and swinging his family’s ancestral axe at the vulnerable flank of the beast. The shining weapon cut through its hide like a hot knife through butter as it roared in agony. Quick as a flash, the razor-filled mouth turned straight for the dwarf.
“Get out of me city, ya thrice-damned overgrown carpet snake!” he bellowed, slicing through flesh and muscle with each cut. He could easily have moved out of the way in time, but instead, he held fast, keeping up the attack with all of his might as the wounded serpent, enraged beyond measure, descended towards him. 
At the last moment, Clavis swung, taking out one of the great fangs from that terrible mouth and cutting deep into the flesh, then reversing his stroke to smash the hilt of the weapon in to its snout. 
Mortally wounded from its mounting injuries, the snake roared and lunged at him, jaws wide enough to engulf the dwarf’s head and upper body, swallowing him in one go as the precious axe dropped into the water and sank.
“No!” Aiden cried out in horror, hearing the others’ shocked cries join his own. Sayana, who had been hiding around one side of the debris pile, threw all caution to the wind and ran to the top, her axe held over her head. The wild girl sent the weapon flying through the air, striking the beast’s head solidly enough that they could hear the bone crack.
Nellise picked up Clavis’s repeater and began to shoot bolt after bolt at the creature. The giant serpent bellowed weakly one last time as it slowly withdrew below the water to die in some dark hole.
A stunned silence had descended upon them as the rippling lake grew still. Only the sounds of dripping water and their ragged breaths could be heard. Aiden doubled over, hands on his knees as he tried to catch his breath after the furious fight. 
Their brief moment of respite ended seconds later, when rocks tumbled in from above as the dwarves started to break through. Aiden almost cried out in dismay from the unrelenting challenges of this damned city.
“We are leaving, now,” he shouted, mostly to convince his battered body to keep moving. “We’ll mourn Clavis later.”
“We can’t see underwater,” Nellise remarked in a voice devoid of feeling. 
“I’ll swim down with your staff,” Colt breathed as he held one arm against his bloodied side. “When I find the breach, I’ll leave it down there to light the way for the rest of you, okay?” Everyone nodded in reply, too overwhelmed to say anything further. 
A large rock fell from the hole above, giving Aiden the final surge of adrenaline he needed to keep going. Colt retrieved Nellise’s staff and waded through the murky waters, looking for the hole that Clavis had discovered. A minute later, Colt took off his cloak and tossed it aside, then dove down into the frigid waters with the glowing staff wedged into his backpack.
Aiden and the others gathered around the point where the ranger went in and watched as the light descended beneath the water. There was a glint of something shining in the waters nearby, and Pacian reached down to retrieve the axe of the king of Ferrumgaard. Nobody spoke for a long moment as he held the weapon before him, examining it until the light faded almost completely as Colt swam further away.
“He died recovering that thing,” Nellise whispered.
“Doesn’t seem worth the trade,” Pacian mumbled, strapping it to his pack like any other piece of treasure he’d recover.
“How long has he been down there now?” Sayana asked, arms wrapped around her body to try and keep warm. 
“Too long,” Nellise muttered. 
“I’m going to go look,” Pacian declared, removing his tattered coat and bracing himself for the cold. The sudden cries of the dwarves from the nearby ceiling breach helped him find his courage, and he plunged into the water without further complaint. 
“We can’t wait to see if they’ve made it,” Aiden said. “They’ll be onto us any moment. Sayana, you’re next.” The wild girl steeled herself as she went. “I’m going in last, Nel, so don’t even think about trying to change my mind on this.”
“I wasn’t going to say a thing,” she protested, inhaling deeply before easing herself into the waters. 
Aiden only waited a few seconds before preparing himself for the dive, for he knew their enemies were moments away from breaking through. He plunged into the water, stifling the urge to gasp at the bracing cold. 
Though his injured leg hurt with every kick, he managed to swim downward towards the dim light coming from the staff without too much trouble. As soon as he’d passed through the floor, the eastern wall loomed up ahead, lit by the staff. Colt had dropped it onto the floor near the breach, which was a great tear in the stone, over thirty feet long, nearly reaching from the ceiling to the floor. 
He only spent a second or two gazing around, but what he saw was astonishing — this was truly the home of royalty, for the remaining buildings here were shining with gold trim and adorned with intricate carvings. Moss and other plant life were growing amidst the decaying ruins of the dwarven nobility, but it barely detracted from the opulence on display.
Small fish darted past as Aiden swam through the breach and upwards, kicking and pulling with his arms as hard as he could, for his breath was nearly gone and the weight of his equipment was making it difficult.
A few moments later, he reached the surface and inhaled deeply, treading water as best he could. He could make out the faint sight of Nellise’s white robe on the shore up ahead and swam towards her. Colt was at the edge of the dark waters, reaching out a hand to guide him ashore. 
Aiden clasped it and allowed the big man to drag him out of the water, where he promptly fell in a wet heap on the rocky ground. 
They lay there, drenched, cold and terribly injured, both in body and spirit, for several minutes before they could recover from the swim and the deplorable loss of someone that they had come to know as a friend. There was little to see around them, as the light from the sunken staff was barely visible here. It could be easily surmised that they were in the remains of the underground lake, outside of Ferrumgaard proper, and were almost free from the dreadful place at last.
“Don’t get too comfortable,” Colt muttered tiredly, with Sayana and Pacian leaning heavily against the wall. “I reckon those dwarves were the ones to make that breach, so they know it’s there. If we don’t keep moving, we’ll freeze to death in these wet clothes.” Aiden knew he was right, but right now he wanted to curl up into a ball and rest. 
“How are we going to find our way out of here?” he breathed. As if in answer, the light from Nellise’s staff suddenly went out altogether, only to be replaced by a glowing illumination coming from her crossbow instead. 
“I moved the prayer of light,” she explained, “though it won’t prevent the staff being found by our pursuers.” Colt started scouting around for a way out of the cavern, while Aiden took a moment to look back down at the water and think of Clavis. It seemed appropriate to say a few words, but he could barely think clearly enough to force them out of his mouth. 
“Found a way out,” Colt came back to say, pointing up at a large tunnel entrance. “Looks like a small river flows through here during the warmer months, and that means this will lead us to the surface.”
Somehow, Aiden managed to find the strength to get back on his feet and slowly drag himself after the others, pausing only for a moment to send a silent farewell to their fallen comrade.

Chapter Fourteen

It was an arduous climb from the depths of the mountain stronghold to the surface, made all the more difficult by their wounds. Worse than that, the tonic Nellise had made to instill them with energy had finally ebbed, leaving them exhausted and barely able to walk. 
For reasons unknown, there were no signs of pursuit from the insane dwarves of Ferrumgaard. Whether they were uninterested in leaving the safety of their ruined city, or assumed Aiden and the others had been slain by the serpent, they would never know. 
They were an exhausted, miserable bunch by the time they finally saw a glimmer of light at the end of the tunnel, leaning on each other for support and to stave off the chill from their soaked clothing. When they emerged from the cave into the night air, Aiden toppled over in relief. 
The ground before them was covered in a thick layer of fresh snow, which glowed eerily in the moonlight filtering through the clouds. Their breath misted in the frigid air as even more snow drifted down from the grey skies above. Aiden guessed they had emerged somewhere in the Calespur ranges, for there were thick pine trees sighing in a light breeze, silhouetted against the snow. 
The air was crisp and laden with the smell of pine needles, a stark contrast to the musty dampness below. It was almost picturesque, which made the things they had witnessed down below seem all the more surreal.
“How long were we down there?” Nellise whispered, looking around in disbelief. “It felt like less than a day.”
“You lose track of time underground,” Sayana replied wearily. “It may have felt like hours, but it was much longer.”
“Must be somewhere in the southwest of the ranges,” Colt muttered, looking around at the scene before them. 
“We need shelter, or we’re going to freeze to death,” Nellise mumbled, leaning heavily against the stone.
“If memory serves, there’s an old cabin around here somewhere,” Colt responded. “The Rangers seized it when the owner was caught poaching on the king’s game reserve. We need to keep moving.” 
“I don’t think I can make it,” Sayana whispered. 
“Sorry, Sy, but it’s gotta be done. I have a solution, though, if you’re not too proud to accept my help.” Colt picked her up in his arms as if she were made out of feathers, then turned and led them through the snow.
Each step through the freezing terrain was painful, requiring monumental effort to put one foot in front of the other. Aiden had never been so exhausted in his life, and he couldn’t stop shaking. His damp clothing clung to his body and chilled him to the bone, yet after a few minutes there was still no sign of the cabin Colt mentioned, and Aiden despaired of them finding shelter in time. 
Without warning, Aiden suddenly fell face-first into the snow, where he lay unmoving, too exhausted to take one more step in the freezing cold. He vaguely heard someone else fall to the ground nearby, and he knew this was going to be the death of them all. 
Then Aiden felt an odd sensation of being flipped over and dragged through the snow. He mustered the strength to look down at his feet and saw another tall figure dressed in ranger leathers. 

*          *          *

The sound of a crackling fire roused Aiden from a deep sleep. His opened his eyes a little, revealing the blurry scene of a dimly-lit log cabin. He was half-buried under thick blankets, yet he couldn’t stop shaking, and his body ached. 
His mind was foggy, and he didn’t at first recall how he had arrived here, but tilting his head slightly, Aiden saw a cloaked figure crouched before the fire, stirring a pot of stew. He couldn’t see the person’s face, but noticed flowing, golden hair tumbling from beneath the hood.
“Where am I?” Aiden croaked, barely able to speak. The figure’s head turned to regard him curiously, revealing a woman of remarkable beauty watching him with glittering green eyes.
“Don’t speak, rest,” she whispered in an accented voice, moving to his side to make sure the blankets covered him completely. “You and your traveling companions nearly froze to death in the forest. You are safe, but you are very ill. Sleep, human.” 
Just before he drifted off into a tormented sleep, Aiden gazed into her eyes and saw they were large and angular — the eyes of an elf.

*          *          *

A younger Aiden stood once more upon the field of battle, the soldiers of the kingdom clashing with their black-clad enemies who seemed to know no fear. He watched as giant warriors made of metal came forth and began to slaughter the Aielunders, before a shadow grew over the battlefield as something obscured the sun. Aiden squinted against the light to see what was happening and was stunned by what he saw. 
An immense golden dragon was descending onto the battlefield, its wingspan easily over a hundred feet across. Talons the size of a man dug into the ground as it crashed to the surface far behind the black warrior making his final stand. 
The dragon turned to look directly at Aiden, its piercing eyes glowing with power. Paralyzed with fear, he struggled to pull his gaze away, and focused on watching the cataclysmic fight before him. The gold-clad warrior was slowly being beaten by the behemoth, and it was only a matter of time until he fell. 
A dull roaring sound slowly grew in intensity, similar to the sound of cattle stampeding in the distance. When he turned to see what the dragon was doing, he was taken aback when he saw that it was much closer to him without seeming to have actually moved, its head held low as it peered at him with burning eyes.
Aiden felt a pain in his right leg and looked down to see blood flowing from a terrible wound that made him gasp. The noise grew louder, like the pounding of blood in his ears, and he clutched at his leg as a sharp pain shot through it. 
When he looked up again, his heart stopped as he looked straight into the eye of the immense dragon that was right in front of him. Aiden screamed and dropped the glowing orb, shattering it upon the ground of the cave. 

*          *          *

He gasped awake, trying to focus on where he was. It was mostly dark, but there were comforting flames coming from a nearby fireplace. Nellise sat at the end of his bed, watching him with concern.
“You’re all right, Aiden,” she whispered soothingly. “You were having a bad dream. I hope you don’t mind, but I mended your leg.” 
“Thanks,” he croaked, still shaken by the change in the dream. “What time is it?”
“Just after dawn, two days after we left the caves,” she explained. “We were all in rough shape, but thankfully God was looking out for us.”
“That woman,” he mumbled, looking around for her and spying the elf sitting in a chair on the far side of the cabin.
“Her name is Mona, and she saved our lives,” Nellise explained. Mona didn’t react, seeming content to simply watch him from afar. She wore the same kind of camouflaged leathers as Colt, and a longbow leaned against the wall next to her.
“You’re a ranger?” Aiden asked, struggling to rise to his elbows.
“I aid their cause, though I work independently,” she answered with a honeyed voice. 
“You’re a long way from home,” Aiden remarked. “Don’t your people live on the west coast of Feydwiir?”
“Yes, though this region used to be ours, during my parent’s time. The advance of humanity pushed us back to the far reaches of the island, but there are a few of us still out here, watching over specific parts of the land where ancient cities used to be. Children should be watched to make sure they do not hurt themselves.”
“I take it you’re referring to the whole of humankind there,” Aiden suggested, drawing a thin smile from the elegant lady. “What of the others?” 
“We’re alive, after a fashion,” Pacian answered from another bed nearby. Aiden looked around and saw the others were all in their own beds, though Colt was sitting up and dressing himself. Sayana, buried under warm blankets, wiggled her fingers at him in reply. Aiden felt genuine relief to see her alive and recovering along with the rest of them.
“This cabin was recently seized by the Rangers,” Mona explained, gesturing at the walls. “A minor lord, Baron Thomas Fairchild, was using it to entertain his wealthy friends with illegal poaching on the king’s land. As I understand it, he’s going to hang for the crime; so it’s worked out well for us, since it saved your lives.”
“When I brought you here,” Mona continued, “I noticed one of your numbers was a devotee of the angel Kylaris. I focused my efforts on her in the hope that if she lived, she could heal you all.”
“Smart move,” Colt grunted, with a hint of admiration in his voice. 
“Lean back, and I’ll finish my work,” Nellise instructed Aiden, who did as he was told while the others continued talking. 
“None of you should be in this area, least of all you, Dante,” Mona responded, leaving Aiden unsure whom she was speaking to until he realized she was talking to Colt.
“It’s nice to see you again too,” he answered gratefully. “We were exploring the ruins of Ferrumgaard, but things didn’t go so well for us. Thanks again for saving our backsides.”
Mona didn’t answer straight away, choosing instead to exchange a searching look with Colt who, after a few moments of scrutiny, swore under his breath.
“Look, can we speak in private? There’s things that need saying, and I don’t talk well with an audience.”
“This cabin has but one room,” she replied distantly. “In your condition, it’s too cold to go outside right now, so why don’t you tell me what’s on your mind?”
“You know what,” Colt growled as he pulled his leather tunic over his bruised body.
“Say, do you two know each other?” Pacian asked with exaggerated innocence. 
“She’s the reason I was kicked out of the Rangers,” Colt grunted, which Mona seemed to take issue with.
“Am I to be responsible for the choices of others?” she asked pointedly. “If those around me act out of passion and misguided feeling, am I to blame?”
“Don’t get subtle on me; you know I can’t follow you when you do that,” Colt complained. 
“Look, I’ve had many admirers over the years, but around here they were predominately uncouth frontiersmen, interested in only one thing. I rebuffed all advances and kept to myself for decades, until I met you. Forgive me for speaking of such things in front of your friends; I do not mean to embarrass you.”
“Oh, it’s quite all right,” Nellise assured her. “Just pretend we’re not here.”
“You know what would be better than that?” Colt asked in a restrained voice. “Actually not being here. Why don’t you try that?”
“Because this is more fun, Dante,” Pacian chided. 
“Nobody but Mona calls me that,” Colt growled, leaning in towards Pacian threateningly. Mona sighed in exasperation.
“There it is again,” she remarked. “And you wonder why I didn’t want to be with you after the incident.”
“What, because I defended your honor?” Colt exclaimed, turning to face her again. “I’m not a regular bloke, Mona. Sure, I’m a little rough around the edges, but don’t ever doubt that I love you.” 
An uncomfortable silence descended upon them for several seconds as Mona locked eyes with Colt. 
“You can be quite endearing when you want to, Dante, so much like a little boy in some ways; yet you can’t hide what you are deep inside. More than once, you’ve proven yourself to be as brutal as your predecessors, and striking Commander Armin just because he was being nice to me was so very human. I couldn’t even voice how disappointed I was, Dante.”
“For some reason, you thought the world of me, Mona, but I never asked you to,” Colt muttered. “I’ve never tried to hide who I am, warts and all. So I’m gonna ask you a question, and I want a straight answer. After that, we’ll know where we stand.”
“I’m listening,” she replied, a hint of anticipation in her voice.
“Do you love me enough to forgive me?” 
The question hung in the air for a long moment as the attention of everyone present centered on the tall elf-maiden. 
“I do forgive you; but Armin has made his intentions clear,” she answered. “I’ve started seeing him on a regular basis. I’m sorry Dante.” 
Colt nodded, evidently not trusting himself to speak. Aiden saw the look in his eyes, though; he was barely holding himself together.
“Armin is a kind, stable man,” she continued, “and frankly, he’s a little closer to my age. I mean, when you think about it, you and I being together is almost like robbing the cradle, right?”
“Yeah, makes perfect sense,” Colt replied unemotionally. “Well, if you’re happy, I’m happy.” 
Mona smiled faintly, then stood and reached for her equipment. “I’ve hurt you, I can tell. Now that you and your friends are recovering, I think it’s best for me to take my leave. I’ve left food and warm clothing here for you to use, but don’t stay here longer than you need to.”
“You should probably be aware that we were chased out of those caves by some dwarves who’ve been holed up down there for a long time,” Aiden advised. “I don’t know if they’d try to follow us, but you should keep an eye out.”
“I will; thank you for the warning,” Mona answered. “Commander Armin is still quite put out with you, Dante, so I suggest you steer clear of the area for another week or two. If you find it within you to apologize for knocking two of his teeth out, I’ll put in a good word for you when it’s time.”
“I’ll consider it,” Colt said with a shrug, as stubborn as ever. “Take care of yourself, Mona.”
“Be well,” she said, in a husky voice. On her way out the door, Aiden thought he spotted a tear rolling down her cheek, but he couldn’t be sure.
“You knocked his teeth out?” Pacian blurted as soon as the door was closed.
“He was moving in on my woman; what’s a man supposed to do?” the big man grunted.
“Use words instead of fists,” Nellise advised, clearly unimpressed with his actions. “All right, Aiden, that’s as much as I can do for you now. Take it easy for the next day or two and you’ll be fine.”
“Thanks,” he replied, distracted by the growling in his stomach. He dressed in his dry clothes, and together, the group ate the stew Mona had left for them. All things considered, everyone seemed to be in fairly good shape as they finished off the contents of the pot and rested next to the fire.
“That hit the spot, but our supplies are ruined and there’s nothing else to eat,” Colt grumbled. “If we’re all able to move now, I think we should get back to Bracksford right away. I dreamed of roast pork last night and after what we just went through, I’ll be damned if I’m going to sit around here all day and go hungry.”
“I suppose they’d have fresh supplies coming in by now,” Aiden mused. “Maybe we can have a drink in the memory of Clavis MacAliese, without whom we wouldn’t be sitting here right now.”
“In more ways than one,” Pacian added caustically. “And before you get cross with me, remember that he tricked us into going with him, with lies.”
“You wouldn’t have that axe without him,” Aiden reminded him, pointing at the gleaming axe lying next to Pacian’s bed. “You know it’s going to be worth a fortune when you go to sell it, so don’t try telling us you didn’t benefit from all this.”
“I don’t even care about the axe,” Pacian shot back; “it seemed a waste to leave it there, that’s all. His family might like it back, maybe.”
“I’m sure you wouldn’t try selling it to them for a king’s ransom,” Colt growled sarcastically. 
“You know what? I don’t even want this damned thing anymore,” Pacian yelled with a rising temper. “I didn’t take it to get rich, but you don’t want to believe me? I’m fine with that. Here, Sy, have a priceless heirloom.” 
He grabbed the axe and passed it over to the wild girl, who was starting to look like she wanted to run away from this heated argument. “Okay,” she offered weakly, clutching the magnificent weapon. 
Pacian glared at Colt. “There, happy now? Oh, wait, I forgot who I was talking to for a moment there.” 
“What the hell does that mean?” Colt growled dangerously.
“I think we should cool things down a little,” Nellise offered, becoming distressed by the direction of the discussion.
“You know what I mean,” Pacian continued. “Pining away over a woman so far out of your class you wouldn’t have a shot with her even if you had a thousand sovereigns to your name,” he continued, making Aiden wonder if he was referring to Pacian’s own infatuation. 
Colt’s answer came in the form of a fist smashing Pacian in the nose with a loud crack, making him stumble back as Nellise moved between them, arms held high to keep them apart.
“Enough of this!” she ordered. “We’re all tired from the ordeal we went through, and this is not the time to be throwing around either wild accusations or fists.”
“Good point; we did go through an ordeal,” Colt agreed, but with an edge to his voice as he turned to look at Aiden. “You were in favor of it from the beginning, weren’t you, Aiden? When we fought those bloody borer things and were thinking about turning around, you were quick to make us keep going.”
“Colt, this isn’t helping,” Nellise chastised. 
“You were up in that little room for a long time, Aiden,” Pacian added, his voice sounding odd because of his broken nose, which he was tending to with a bloodied piece of cloth. 
“You were looking for something, right from the beginning, weren’t you?” Colt accused Aiden. He glanced briefly at Sayana, who slowly nodded her head in answer to the unasked question — it was time for an explanation.
“Settle down; it’s not a conspiracy,” Aiden assured them, trying to calm the situation. “I had come to Bracksford to buy a book from the local antique shop. In this book, I had hoped to find some answers to a problem that’s plagued for me for years. 
“Instead, I found clues which indicated that what I was looking for was deep within Ferrumgaard. Once I heard it was a long-abandoned city, I knew I’d have trouble getting in there without help. Clavis offered to join up with us, for his own reasons, of course, which I knew nothing about. But it’s true, I haven’t been completely honest with you. I’m sorry, so sorry for getting you into this mess.” 
Colt took an ominous step towards him, which was disturbing in itself, but made even more so by the fact that Nellise didn’t try to stop him. 
“So yes, I was striving to get to the information I sought the whole time,” Aiden admitted, “but like Clavis, if you were all adamant about not pressing forward due to the risk, I would have gladly turned around and left with you.”
“You cold bastard,” Colt spat. “This kingdom is tearing itself apart, yet you have us on some wild goose chase in an old abandoned city, on the slim chance you might find some musty old book that tells you ... what, exactly?” 
This was the part Aiden had been trying to avoid mentioning in the first place, but now he had no choice. So he told them of his thirteenth birthday, the day he had fallen down into that strange cave, discovered the glowing orb that let him see the Battle of Fort Highmarch, but not as it appeared in the historical records.
“All of that was traumatic enough, but the recurring dream I’ve been experiencing ever since ensures I will never forget it,” Aiden finished.
“Except that it isn’t a dream,” Sayana added, speaking for the first time in a while. “That shard of crystal he wears around his neck carries a strange power. When he has that dream, it glows, and I was unfortunate enough to be drawn into his vision.”
“Regardless, the writing I’d seen on the orb before it shattered is unique,” Aiden continued, trying to keep things grounded in reality. “I spent years researching languages and arcane tomes looking for a clue, so maybe I could find out what the orb was, and why I see what I see.” 
The only sounds to be heard after he’d finished speaking were the crackling of the fireplace and the wind blowing through the trees outside. “This is all very dubious,” Nellise said after a long minute of digesting this information. “Fascinating, certainly, but to risk all that you have over a dream? 
“And one that isn’t even accurate, either, for nobody has seen a dragon in these lands in centuries, and definitely not at the Battle of Fort Highmarch. I’m sorry to say this, Aiden, but this is more likely due to the trauma you suffered in that cave than any other factor.”
“But what gets me,” Colt added with a disappointed voice, “is that you risked our lives over this, and you didn’t even have the guts to tell us what was going on.”
“As a boy, I told people about this after it started happening,” Aiden countered, “but they all thought I was crazy, even my parents. So you’ll excuse me if I don’t go around telling people that the dragon in my dreams wants to eat me, and that I have to get it out of my head.”
“You should have trusted us, Aiden,” Colt muttered, heading back over to his bed and grabbing his gear. “You don’t go risking people’s lives, your friends’ lives, without telling them why. It just isn’t done. I’m going to head back to Bracksford and get drunk, and I’m not interested in anything any of you have to say about that.” 
With his gear strapped on, Colt opened the door and stepped out into the bitter cold of the Calespur ranges. Nellise turned and started to tend to Pacian’s broken nose, while Sayana looked to Aiden for what to do next. He didn’t have an answer.
By the time they had packed and left the warm confines of the cabin, none of them were really talking to each other. Nellise was cross with Pacian for his behavior, and Aiden for his duplicity. 
In the end, Aiden could see that everyone was tired, stressed, and trying to cope with events they had barely survived. His guilt at lying to them wasn’t helping either, and he wondered if they were going to accept his apology and forgive him.
Sayana seemed to be okay with him, though she remained quiet as she walked nearby. “People are complex,” she answered when Aiden asked if she was okay. She wasn’t wrong, and remained silent for the rest of the journey. 
The weather was gloomy as they reached the outskirts of Bracksford at twilight. The gates were still open, and the militia guards welcomed them on their way through, though Aiden didn’t recognize any of their faces. 
A number of large merchant wagons were parked nearby, surrounded by townsfolk busily buying up everything in sight, indicating a return to normal life for the men and women of the small farming community. 
The alluring smells of roasted meat wafted along the wind as the people of Bracksford made up for weeks of sparse rations with their own little celebrations. It made Aiden’s mouth water and put a spring in his step as he pictured a huge, hot meal laid out before him. 
“Do you smell all that great food?” Pacian asked Aiden when he approached the front of the Bracksfordshire Arms. “I’m going to eat until I burst.”
“You’re talking to me again?” Aiden answered as they stepped through the doorway. “I thought you were upset with me.”
“Why would I be upset? You told me most of that dream stuff before, remember? And I knew you wanted to go to Ferrumgaard before we left here, too, though I didn’t know what for exactly.” 
Pacian shrugged. “So yeah, we’re good. Just give Colt and Nel a chance to cool down before you speak with them, yeah?”
“I don’t think we really need to talk at the moment anyway,” Aiden agreed, seeing Colt sitting at the bar nursing a large pitcher of beer. There was no sign of Nellise, and Sayana wandered upstairs for some rest. “But what about you? You did kind of cross a line back there in the cabin.” 
“I’m sort of counting on the beer to erase Colt’s memory. As for Nel, well ... she’ll come around. No woman can resist my charms forever. The only question is, how will she survive without me in the meantime?” 
Aiden grinned, shaking his head at his friend’s unshakable cockiness. “We should probably get our money from Olaf, though it might be too late now,” Aiden added.
“Don’t worry about it; I’ll take care of it first thing,” Pacian assured him. They looked around, taking in the simple splendor of the common room and its familiar sights and smells. 
“Now, if you’ll excuse me,” Aiden said, “I have to eat everything in this building right now.” 
Pacian laughed, and the two friends sat down at a nearby table to enjoy the first decent meal they’d had in some time. When they were finally finished eating, Aiden bid his companion good night and went up to their room for a proper night’s sleep. 
As he stripped down to climb into bed, Aiden glanced at his belongings and the sack containing the recovered treasures. He was tired, but the same curiosity that led him to the depths of Ferrumgaard refused to let him rest until he’d at least examined the contents. He lit a few candles and then carefully upended the contents of the sack over the bedcovers and sat down to sort through it all. 
The largest of the items before him was a metal scepter, nearly two feet in length and capped with a large, ornate head shaped like a dragon’s, with a gem of considerable value clamped in its jaws. Like everything else he had taken, it was covered in a layer of moisture from the waters of Ferrumgaard, so Aiden used his torn shirt to wipe it down. 
After only a few moments of cleaning, he could plainly see arcane writing etched into the metal along its length. His heart beat excitedly as he began to examine it, eventually drawing the conclusion that it was a weapon of sorts, able to focus ambient energy into a tiny focal point. He practiced whispering the arcane words without touching the handle, so as not to accidentally set it off. 
It then occurred to Aiden that the real reason he was searching through his acquisitions this late at night was because he was afraid to go to sleep, as the dragon in his dream seemed to be changing, becoming more alive since Sayana had shared the vision. 
A small pile of delicate parchments drew his attention next. The first one he picked up was still intact, despite its apparent age. It was folded over several times, and upon closer inspection, turned out to be a large map of Feydwiir, the vast island the elves lived on. 
As he picked up the next piece of parchment, Aiden was surprised to receive a small electrical shock, as if he’d been rubbing his feet on thick carpet and then touched something metal. More curious than scared, he carefully looked at the contents of the page, and within moments his suspicions were confirmed — it was more arcane writing, the symbols of power covering the page from top to bottom. He could understand most of what was on there and concluded that it was an incantation of some sort.
Aiden had read of scrolls like this, created by wizards to indefinitely hold a spell on the verge of being completed and invoked when the page was read aloud. The skills to create such magics were beyond Aiden, but he knew enough of the runes before him to figure out how it was supposed to work.
Precision was an absolute must for this kind of thing, and if he mispronounced any of the words, it would likely blow up in his face. Still, he whistled at some of the powerful sigils he saw inked onto the parchment; whoever had written them had access to real power. Leafing through the pile, he found several other pages just like it, and rolled them up together to keep them separate from the other papers. 
The next item to pique his interest was basically two small, circular pieces of glass encased in leather straps. Aiden wasn’t sure what to make of this contraption at first, but he did notice a few arcane runes etched into the casing around each piece of glass that had something to do with sight. Curious, he put the leather strap over his head and fitted the lenses over his eyes. 
What had been a dimly lit room suddenly became clearly visible to Aiden, although absent of color. He glanced around a little and suddenly noticed Sayana crouched near the door, her eyes shining like a cat’s. He gasped in surprise and took the lenses off, noting that without them, she was practically invisible in the near darkness of the dim candlelight.
“Sayana, how long have you been there?” he sighed, with a mixture of relief and mild annoyance. 
“All night,” she replied quietly. “I thought you would have noticed me by now, but you were so wrapped up in your studies.” 
“Yes, I — wait, did you see me undress?” 
Sayana stood and walked over to the other bed and sat down.
“I didn’t want to disturb you,” she whispered, ignoring his question while gazing at the items upon his bedspread. “Have you made any interesting discoveries?”
“A few, but nothing yet that would answer any of our questions. There’s not a lot of interest here, only a few scrolls and pieces of parchment. Oh, that reminds me...” 
Aiden carefully leaned over and fetched his gloves from the floor, paying particular interest to the formerly enchanted one, its gemstone still glittering in the faint light.
“The shield magic seems to have stopped working for me,” he mentioned, handing her the glove. “I first noticed this when I was being stabbed with spears down in Ferrumgaard.” 
The sorceress examined the crystal closely, able to see things others could not. “The crystal has been damaged,” she finally surmised. “Quite badly, too. I would guess that this device has not been working properly for a long time.”
“That can’t be,” Aiden objected. “I definitely used it when we were down in the city, even though it didn’t last very long.” 
Sayana seemed to think about this for a long moment, and then she handed the glove back over to him. “Put it on and invoke it,” she instructed. 
Aiden looked at her dubiously. “I can try, but I assure you, it isn’t going to work.” Sayana only gazed at him until he finally relented and spoke the command word. 
To his astonishment, the shield of force appeared before him, as it had always done. With a subtle smile of satisfaction, she reached over and snatched the glove from his hand — he expected the shield to move with it, but incredibly it stayed where it was, floating about ten inches in front of his left hand. 
“How?” Aiden blurted in amazement. “People don’t suddenly acquire the ability to channel arcane power; you’re either born with it or learn how through years of extensive study. Even then, a wizard has to incant that power through words and sigils. It doesn’t spontaneously shoot out the end of your fingers.”
“You’re like me,” Sayana answered, pointing at Aiden’s head. “You have been around this magic for some time now, and you carry within your mind the knowledge of how the energy flows. All you need to do now is invoke it with your will.”
“No, wait,” he protested. “Down in the city, it didn’t work at all. How do you explain that?”
“You were tired,” she explained. “The potion Nellise gave us made you feel like you were rested, but you were not. Channeling this power takes strength and spirit, and you were short on both. Remember that, when next you use it.” 
Aiden sat there, looking at the shield for a few moments, before he dismissed it with a gesture. This was an astonishing development. 
After years of study and research, not to mention a desire to travel to a school to learn magic, he had wanted to be able to harness the powers he’d read about others using on a daily basis, but he’d figured the level of expertise required was immense. He grinned excitedly at Sayana, who returned his amusement at this sudden development.
“I guess I’m a sorcerer,” Aiden remarked in disbelief, the words sounding bizarre in his weary state. “I’ll have to read through these other scrolls tomorrow to see if there’s anything...” He lifted some of the papers up and noticed something he’d missed lying on the bedcovers. 
A small cube, no more than three inches on each side, had been hidden under the papers he’d been leafing through. Aiden’s breath caught in his chest as he realized that what he was looking at was the very item he had once seen in Alcott’s Treatise of Artifacts Most Ancient. With trembling hands, he picked up the cube and brought it to the light for closer examination.
“What is that?” Sayana asked curiously.
“This,” Aiden breathed, “is something very important.” He hadn’t intended to be so cryptic, but he was too engrossed to elaborate further. 
The resemblance of the item in his hands to the sketch in the Treatise was remarkable. He wiped some of the dirt and dust from it with his shirt and could see a few markings along one side that looked very similar to the script he had seen on the glass orb. 
“Aiden, it is a small box,” Sayana observed, sitting quite close to him with their arms touching. He couldn’t help but notice she had brushed her wild red hair, too. 
He reached down and fetched his backpack to retrieve Alcott’s book after a few moments of sorting through the contents. A feeling of dread washed over him as he brought the book into the light, however, for he could see severe water damage on the cover, and he suddenly realized that he hadn’t placed this book in the waterproof oil-sack along with the rest of his recovered valuables. 
“Oh, no,” he sighed, opening the book to see that the contents had dissolved into an unreadable mess.
“Is it supposed to be like that?” Sayana asked, sensing something amiss. 
“No,” Aiden replied flatly, dropping the irreparably damaged book onto the floor like so much rubbish. “Never mind. I’ll say only that this cube has writings on it similar to my shard, which is another clue to discovering what it’s all about. 
“This, Sayana, this was the whole reason I went to Ferrumgaard. I don’t know exactly what it’s about, but it’s important, that much I can tell you. 
“Tomorrow, I’ll take it to Dale, a local sage, and see if he can make heads or tails of it. I think we’re done for the night,” he said to his guest, who was looking at him in a very strange way. 
“Is there something wrong?” Sayana shook her head and gave him a strange smile before jumping onto him and planting a kiss on his lips.
“Wha?” was all that came out of Aiden’s mouth, as her lips were getting in the way of any meaningful conversation. After a few moments, he relaxed and enjoyed the moment, and to his surprise, she pulled the covers over both of them. 
“Oh, and by the way, I did see you undress,” she murmured with a grin before blowing out the candles.

Chapter Fifteen

After an eventful night, the day dawned to the sound of rain, which was fast becoming the norm in Bracksford. Sayana slept peacefully, nuzzled against Aiden’s shoulder as they huddled together for warmth under the blankets.
Aiden had been with a woman once before, roughly a year ago — a brash young farm girl named Millie, back in Coldstream, who gave Aiden quite an education … particularly afterward, when he’d learned she slept with him to get back at Pacian for something he’d done to her. It had almost ruined Aiden’s friendship with Pacian, and from that point on he was more careful with propositions.
It wasn’t much of a guideline, given he’d never really had time to chase girls around. He was driven by events outside of his control to learn more and more about what had happened to him in that cave, and as a result, the chasing girls part of his life had been neglected. 
Apparently, however, he had paid sufficient attention to Millie’s lessons, for he’d found last night to be a pleasant diversion from more pressing matters. 
Feeling the need to further investigate the strange cube, Aiden began the delicate process of extricating himself from Sayana’s embrace. He was halfway clear when she emitted a faint whimper and gripped him a little tighter, making the last few moments that much more difficult. 
Once he was finally free, Aiden dressed himself quietly, noting with mild annoyance that some of his clothes were damp from where water had dripped through a leak in the roof. He briefly glanced at Sayana as he was stuffing his treasured relics into the oil sack, noticing that one of her eyes was open and watching him.
“Good morning,” he whispered. 
She smiled back at him sleepily. “Where are you going?”
“Dale is an early riser,” he explained. “After breakfast, I’m going to see what he has to say about this cube. Why don’t you sleep in a bit? I think you’ve earned it.”
“Mmm, I think I will,” she murmured. “And then I’m going to buy new pants. No ... two new pants.”
“I’ll catch up with you later,” Aiden mumbled, blushing as he quickly stepped over and gave her a kiss on the cheek. 
“My lips are down here,” she whispered, looking up at him with amusement. 
“Right, sorry,” Aiden replied with a laugh, correcting his mistake by planting a lingering kiss on her full lips. He was unsure if this was a one-night thing, or if it was going to be the start of something more serious, but he resolved to go with the flow and see how things turned out. 
Outside the room, Aiden looked down the dimly-lit hallway and saw someone slumped against another door. The shock of blond hair indicated that it was Pacian, sleeping quite soundly in what Aiden could only assume was a drunken stupor. 
And while he wasn’t sure, he suspected it was Nellise’s door he was camped outside of. Pacian had probably been too drunk to figure out how to open the locked door.
Deciding to let his friend sleep it off, Aiden went down the stairs and stepped into the common room. Colt was in his customary position, sprawled on the floor, with three bruised local men unconscious nearby. Some of the tables and chairs had been broken, most likely having been used as makeshift weapons during the night. 
It was still early for patrons to be lining up for breakfast, but Tom, the innkeeper, and his daughter Aislin were already up and about, preparing for the day ahead. The little girl was standing over Colt’s prone form, poking the big man with a broom in a courageous, yet vain attempt to wake him.
“It’s probably better for everyone if you let him sleep,” Aiden advised her as he approached.
“But he smells so bad,” Aislin complained while continuing to poke him with enthusiasm. “People will be eating soon, so he needs ... to... move....” 
“Tom, why don’t you help me carry him someplace else before your daughter breaks something important,” Aiden requested.
“Not a bad idea,” the innkeeper rumbled, setting aside his mop to assist. “Let’s put him out in the stable for now; I think it’s a kinder solution than throwing him out into the cold.”
“You are the very soul of consideration, Tom.” 
“I don’t normally provide this level of service to customers,” he confided, “but you and yours did us a real favor by getting that north road cleared, and I’m not unappreciative, even if Colt is a loud-mouthed braggart.”
“Go easy on him; he’s nursing a broken heart,” Aiden said as he picked up the big man’s arms, while Tom grabbed his feet. 
“Yes, with an elf-maiden,” Aislin remarked. “It would be nicer if he’d bathe.” 
“Told you that, did he?” 
“He told everyone within earshot last night,” Tom grunted as they shuffled across the floor towards the back door and the stables beyond. “Personally, I think he should settle for a nice human woman, although I don’t know anyone who’d have him, to be honest. 
“The man has some issues, no doubt about it. Here now, watch your footing, mate; the bottom step is a bit loose.” 
With some careful footwork and maneuvering, they managed to lay the big man down on a pile of hay without waking him. Aiden washed his hands quickly in a nearby trough, and then headed back inside and ate a decent breakfast. After throwing a few copper jacks in Tom’s direction for the fine meal, he pressed on with his plan for the day. 
Leaving the Bracksfordshire Arms, he dashed across the street to purchase fresh clothes and a new longcoat before heading over to Dale’s. The old man was already up, as Aiden had predicted, and welcomed him inside once more. 
“Damn this cold weather, wot?” Dale bristled, opening one of the curtains to let in a modicum of light. 
“Yes, it’s winter,” Aiden said without interest. “I have something here you might like, if you’d care to take a look.” He fished out the cube and held it out before him, immediately drawing intense scrutiny from Dale.
“Well, well, what have we here,” he murmured, peering through his spectacles at the odd device before he plucked it out of Aiden’s hand and sat down at his desk. 
“There are small nodules on this side of the box,” he mentioned as he examined it with a magnifying glass. “The runes upon them are quite familiar to me, although I can’t quite place where I have seen them before...” 
This caught Aiden’s attention, and he had to fight the urge to prod the man to elaborate. “I’m sure it will come to you eventually,” Aiden suggested. “Just tell me what you can.” 
“Well, it is clearly quite old indeed, judging by the slight scarring along the sides, as you can see here, and along here,” he said, pointing at the areas in question with a long, bony finger. “It seems to be made of metal, though I can find no signs of forging or working of any kind — it is completely seamless, aside from the aforementioned nodules. Where did you find this?”
“I first saw a diagram of something like this in Alcott’s Treatise, the very book I purchased from you recently,” Aiden explained. “I needed to know more, so we undertook an expedition into Ferrumgaard to see if anything more could be found. I was fortunate enough to locate the relic itself, amongst other things, and there may be something of importance written upon some scrolls I recovered with it.” 
Dale turned to look at him with astonishment. “You ventured into Ferrumgaard? How remarkable! You must have seen such wonders down there. I’m rather envious, actually.”
“Don’t be,” Aiden informed him with a shudder. “I will spare you the grisly details and say only that it was an unpleasant experience for all concerned. Here, let me show you these notes which seem to relate to the cube. They’re in dwarven, so I haven’t been able to read them.” 
He reached into the sack and produced the relevant papers, carefully depositing them on the desk next to the cube. Dale was quickly engrossed in their contents.
“Remarkable,” he finally declared after a few minutes, picking up the cube and pressing on one of the nodules. It sank into the side of the box with a soft, audible click, but nothing else happened. 
“Was that supposed to do something?” Aiden asked uncertainly. 
“Well, the chap who wrote these notes used to press that one, and strange glowing script would appear on the other side of the cube,” Dale explained patiently. “However, he also wrote that after a few weeks of experimentation, it stopped working altogether, and nothing he did ever made the script appear again. So, I think we can safely conclude that this arcane device has succumbed to the ravages of age. Much like myself, wot?” 
“Was there anything else in those notes about what the device did when it was working?” Aiden asked, ignoring the attempted humor.
“A few scratchings here and there, but nothing substantive,” Dale replied. “If I’m reading this correctly, these were his research notes, used as a basis for writing a book on the subject. They’re incomplete, so either you missed something while you were down in Ferrumgaard, or he finished his book and left with it before the city fell.”
“No, he was still there when I arrived,” Aiden remarked dourly, drawing a raised eyebrow from Dale. “I suppose I could have missed something, but I don’t recall seeing any other books around.”
“I’m afraid that’s all I can tell you at this point,” Dale concluded rather hastily. Aiden could see he was clearly impatient to get back to his own research. 
“Thanks for your time, Dale,” he offered graciously. “I’m very appreciative. Can I be of any help to you in return?”
“Only if you know what that damned thing over there is,” the old man muttered, gesturing at the large contraption Aiden had seen the last time he was here. Back then, it had been covered in dirt and grime, but since then Dale had cleaned it thoroughly, and a gleaming device now stood against the wall. 
It was a glass tube, perhaps five feet in height, mounted vertically on a metal base, and capped on the top with more metal. Worn metal pipes wound their way from the base up the sides where they connected to the top, and it was the strangest thing Aiden had ever seen.
He moved to examine it closely, more for personal curiosity than for any insights he might provide. The tube was pitted and scarred to the point that it looked more like frosted glass, and prevented him from seeing what was inside. Aiden tentatively ran his hand along the tube, remarking to himself that it felt more like metal than glass.
The metal base it was mounted in was dark gray, not from dirt, but by design. It was as worn as the tube, but featured several nodules along the top, with runes etched into them that were barely legible. Crouching down for a closer look, Aiden could immediately tell that the runes were in the same language as the ones on the cube. 
“Dale, the runes on this device of yours are similar to the ones on my box; did you know that?”
“Of course,” the old man exclaimed, slapping himself on the forehead. “I would forget my head if it wasn’t attached to my neck. Yes, that was where I had seen them before, my boy. Forgive my poor memory — it’s the first thing to go at my age.” 
He stood up and shuffled over to the large contraption with the cube held in one hand. “Yes, yes, clearly from the same creator.” 
“Have you any idea what the runes represent?”
“I haven’t yet seen enough of them to provide a basis for translating the language, although this cube of yours does provide me with a few more letters ... words ... whatever they are. You have some degree of magical understanding — do they look like arcane sigils to you?”
“None that I have ever seen,” Aiden answered. “There’s enough diversity in the individual letters that I think it has to be a complete language, albeit an extremely complex one.”
“Most curious indeed. I shall take notes.” Dale shuffled back to his desk, dipped a quill into a vial of ink, and began writing down notes of this new finding. 
On an impulse, Aiden leaned over and tried to push in one of the nodules, much in the same way as Dale had done with the cube, and was pleased to see a small hatch flip open. The inside of the little hatch was empty, though it was lined with tiny bumps and grooves.
“Did you know about this little hatch?” Aiden asked Dale.
“Yes, it’s the only thing that still works,” the old man replied. “Another press on that same nodule closes the hatch again.” Aiden rubbed his chin absently, pondering the meaning of this development, when a thought occurred to him.
“Pass me the cube, if you’ve finished with it.” Aiden placed it over the hatch, discovering that it was the same size. Applying pressure gently to the cube, he slowly pushed it inside the chamber until it attached itself with a click. It was a perfect fit. 
“My word — they’re more intricately connected than I thought,” Dale exclaimed, having watched the whole thing. He tried pressing a few more nodules, but nothing else happened. 
Aiden felt like they had been on the verge of discovering something, only to be disappointed once more. They looked down at the cube for nearly a minute before Dale spoke up.
“Aiden, I wish to buy your cube.”
“Funny, I was about to offer to purchase your contraption,” he responded, both of them enjoying a brief laugh. “Seriously, though, I don’t think I’m willing to part with the cube just yet. I’ll pay you for your time, though, and I’ll also take your translated notes from the papers I brought in, if you please.”
“Oh, I was translating in my head; I didn’t actually write them down,” Dale apologized. “You’ll have to give me an hour to write them all out for you.”
“Okay, I can spare a little time, though I have some other pressing matters to get on with.”
“I will work with all speed, sir,” Dale assured him. Aiden took the cube out of the contraption and dropped it into a pocket. After clearing a few books of untold value from a nearby chair, he sat down to ponder these findings.
After half an hour, there came a knock at the door. Dale was too busy to pay it any heed, so Aiden opened it and saw Pacian standing outside, clad in a new cloak. 
“Thought I might find you here,” he remarked, appearing somewhat hungover. “There’s a meeting happening in a few minutes you should come to, so finish up whatever you’re doing and let’s go.”
“Good morning to you too,” Aiden muttered. “What’s this meeting about, and why do I have to be there?”
“It’s about the Akoran raiders,” Pacian answered grimly. “Things have gotten worse over the past week, and I’m told there’s some new information about what’s happening.”
“Who told you all this?” Aiden inquired.
“Olaf, while I was getting our pay for clearing the highway, remember?”
“Oh, I’d forgotten all about that,” Aiden mumbled, realizing he’d been thinking about nothing but his discoveries all morning. 
“Yeah, figured you might,” Pacian remarked with a raised eyebrow. “Anyway, it took some doing, but I managed to pry our money out of the corrupt old bugger. Here’s your cut,” he added, handing over a gold sovereign, which Aiden put into his pouch.
“Right, I’ll be there as soon as I’ve finished up,” Aiden finished. “Where is the meeting being held?”
“The barracks, behind the mayor’s office. I’ll see you there,” Pacian answered, and then swaggered off along the street. 
Dale had finished the translation so, their business concluded, Aiden shook his hand and bid him good day, then headed straight for the barracks. A local militia member stood guard outside the large doors and upon recognizing him, allowed Aiden to pass with a quick gesture. 
There were over a dozen people inside, listening to a woman in chain mail. She hesitated mid-sentence as Aiden entered, casting an annoyed glance at him before she continued speaking. Pacian gestured Aiden over to where he had saved a seat for him. 
Glancing around, he could see Nellise and Colt across the room, pointedly focused upon the armored woman. Aiden sighed inwardly, sensing the awkward distance between them, both physically and metaphorically. 
Sayana appeared next to Aiden, placing a hand lightly on his shoulder. He smiled up at her, but noticed a certain tension in her features that hadn’t been there before. 
“No, you’re right, Mister Clifton, in that they have avoided empty carts returning from Coldstream,” the armored woman was saying, her voice sounding too small for her solid frame. The man she addressed was a local wheat farmer, and like many of the other locals present, he wore a look of mild anxiety as they talked about the situation.
“Clearly, the raiders are looking for food and riches. They’ve avoided the few patrols I have sent out along the road, which gives me hope that a show of force could send them running back to the hills.”
“So the threat isn’t as bad as we initially heard?” said an older man with weathered skin and gray hair, whom Aiden recognized as David Patel, the man from whom Pacian had acquired his old ranger leathers.
“Apparently not. I’m inclined to issue a travel warning to anyone moving east from Bracksford, and sending out a few more men to patrol the area. That should be sufficient.” 
“So, as you can see, we have the situation well in hand,” Olaf declared to the assembled audience. “Thank you for your time; I will make every effort to keep you apprised of the situation as it continues to develop.” 
Sensing the end of the conversation, most of the assembled crowd began to leave, talking amongst themselves in hushed tones. David, however, wore a look of obvious skepticism as he passed the mayor. 
It suddenly occurred to Aiden what was really going on — he put his hand on Pacian’s shoulder as he started to stand and indicated he should wait. He noticed that Nellise and Colt weren’t leaving, either. When the last of the civilians had cleared the room, the door was closed behind them, and then the real meeting began.
“I apologize for the deception,” Olaf began, stepping forward to address them, “but as you can imagine, the townsfolk are rather skittish after all the recent troubles—”
“So you lied to them to put them at ease; how unprecedented,” Aiden interrupted cynically. 
“Regrettably, yes,” Olaf conceded. “When you hear what Corporal Redfurn has to say, I’m sure you’ll understand my reasoning. You all have a lot to discuss, and I have to prepare for the arrival of a very important dignitary from Fort Highmarch, so I shall leave you to your affairs.” With that, the elderly statesman left.
“Shifty bastard,” Colt muttered. “So what the hell is going on?” 
“Last night, I received word from an associate of yours, who has been keeping an eye on the Akorans,” Corporal Redfurn said, getting right to the point.
“A ranger?”
“His name is Duncan, if that means anything to you. He was coordinating with a younger woman in the same leathers, though I didn’t meet her.”
“Yeah, I know him; damn good ranger. If anyone can find out what’s going on, it’s him. The young lady would be Sally. She’s probably been spying on them for weeks.”
“What have they discovered so far?” Nellise asked politely.
“Duncan relayed a message before heading back out to continue his surveillance,” Tara continued. “We’ve had good relations with the Akoran tribal people for decades, up until about three months ago, when they cut off trade and forbade anyone from entering their lands. 
“We couldn’t figure out what had happened, until recently. Apparently, they’ve had a change of leadership, and the new chief, Erag, is a brutal, vicious bastard.
“This new leader has a different perspective on relations with Aielund and has whipped his people into a frenzy, preparing them for war and citing past grievances to lend weight to his claims. It doesn’t help our position that some of those claims have a lot of truth to them. Aielund did take most of their ancient lands and left them with only the mountains in the south to call home, causing many in their population to harbor a grudge that hasn’t diminished over the years.
Several hundred of their warriors have joined his cause, sensing that our patrol numbers are greatly diminished thanks to the king fighting a war somewhere else, and they’re preparing to seize this opportunity. The Akoran raiders have set up a fortified camp not far south of Coldstream, and their numbers are growing day by day. Pretty soon, they’ll have enough people to crush everything in their path and plunder this entire region. They might even be able to hold it, if the king’s army doesn’t return soon.”
“So, what would happen if this Erag met with an unfortunate accident?” Pacian asked delicately. Aiden noticed a flicker of irritation cross Nellise’s face — clearly, he wasn’t going to endear himself by proposing more bloodshed.
“By itself, taking out Erag would probably make things worse,” Tara explained. “But if you couple that with reinstating their previous, and dare I say, rightful leader, that might be enough to settle everything down.
“Ah, nothing like a good old assassination to solve all our problems,” Pacian drawled. 
“You believe this to be our only solution?” Nellise asked, looking mostly at Pacian, but including Aiden in her stern gaze. “Kill whomever we don’t like? I would think the Akoran people would be outraged at our meddling and go to war anyway.”
“I would agree with that,” Tara interjected, “except for one thing. My sources say their former chief, Morik Far-Eagle, disappeared right before Erag seized power. Morik was always cooperative with Aielund, and beloved by his people. 
“Erag will only be able to rule if he defeats Morik in a ritual fight, which has to be condoned by the shamanic council. That hasn’t happened for some reason, and since there’s been no sign of Morik’s head on a spear, our guess is he’s still alive, somewhere. And if he’s not, simply taking out Erag might be our only choice.
“The difficult part is getting past so many of their people, all fired up for war. But thanks to your efforts clearing the highway, I’ve been able to send some of our guards south of Coldstream to bolster our numbers. We have fifteen good people out there, led by two rangers.”
“Sayana is from Akora,” Aiden volunteered for her. “Maybe you could guide us in?”
“I don’t think it’s a good idea,” Sayana hedged. “They will have patrols covering the entrances, and getting past them without being seen will be all but impossible.”
“Two rangers managed to do it,” Tara disagreed. “And from what I hear around town, your wilderness skills should easily be a match for theirs. All you have to do is scout ahead for us and let us know when it’s safe to move. What’s the terrain around there like?”
“The High Plains are just that, mostly flat and covered in snow at this time of year,” Sayana explained. “If the winds are low, there could be fog. If not, we may well be exposed.”
“We can get some white cloaks to help us blend in with the snow,” Aiden suggested. “Big ones, that cover us properly, so we can blend in with the terrain regardless of the weather.”
“If Morik is being held near their forward camp, it will be extremely difficult to get to him without running into the guards,” Sayana retorted. “If you are planning to bypass the warriors, free Morik, and then have him lead an uprising, I think you had better come up with another plan.”
“All things being equal, I would prefer to do it the way you just described,” Tara remarked. “I can only assume you will have to dispatch a few guards here and there, as a matter of necessity. With your assistance, our people will be able to minimize these casualties. Isn’t that worth the risk, if it avoids a war?”
“I ... can’t,” Sayana protested with a quivering voice. “I haven’t been back to Akoran lands in a long time; I wouldn’t have any chance of guiding you to the right place.”
“I recall you saying you hadn’t been there for six months, back when we first met,” Aiden noted. “That isn’t such a long time. Is your memory that poor?” 
The wild girl looked like a trapped rabbit, eyes darting back and forth looking for a way out. Aiden knew that she hadn’t been completely forthcoming with information about her past, or the real reasons for her exile to the mountains. 
“You were on your own a lot longer than six months, weren’t you,” he began, speaking gently so as not to seem accusing. “And you didn’t leave Akora because they were low on food, either.” 
Sayana shook her head meekly before taking a deep breath and plunging in. “As my abilities began to manifest, the people became nervous, thinking I was cursed. They do not like sorcery, or those who practice it. 
“My father, a respected man in the tribe, was pushed into doing something about me, over my mother’s objections. They didn’t dare kill me, for it is said that killing a witch brings a curse upon the murderer. I was abandoned in the mountains as a small child, eighteen years ago.” She said it without emotion. 
“Eighteen?” Colt said in disbelief. “But you can’t be more than sixteen years old.”
“I’m not entirely human,” she replied softly, pushing aside her wild hair to reveal slightly pointed ears, a hallmark of those of elven heritage. “My mother was elven, and they age far more slowly than humans. 
“I am actually twenty-eight years old. I was cast out and left to die in the wilderness by my own people for practicing sorcery, and if I return, they will surely do worse this time.” 
There was only silence in the room as everyone present digested this startling turn of events. “I, for one, consider the character of an individual over any concerns about blood,” Nellise stated eventually. “And I think I can safely speak for everyone here when I say that your heritage is of little concern to us. 
“I can only imagine the fear you must be feeling at the thought of walking back into your homeland to face your people. I do not think this is the wisest course of action, but if we can avoid further bloodshed by freeing Morik, then I believe it is worth the risk.”
“You needn’t actually face them if you don’t want to,” Tara added, compassion in her voice. “Guide the others in, then hide and wait for them to leave.”
“I won’t let anything happen to you,” Aiden added firmly. 
Sayana appeared lost in thought for a long moment before answering. “Very well; I will help however I can,” she finally said. 
“Did Duncan say where their main camp was?” Colt asked the corporal.
“Yes; I’ll show you,” Tara said, pulling out a rolled-up piece of parchment with a crude map sketched upon it. She laid it out on a small table in the middle of the room, and everyone gathered around it to look. 
Sayana pointed out a series of caves in the area she remembered being used by the Akorans years ago. This matched Duncan’s information that a palisade had been erected around the caves, with enough room inside for a thousand warriors to make camp. 
It seemed like an impregnable defense, except for the hill to the west of the camp where the palisade ended. With some cautious maneuvering, they might be able to creep around the hill and get to the cave entrance from behind, with only minimal encounters with the guards.
“The inside of the caves is something you will have to figure out yourselves,” Sayana finished.
“We’ll manage,” Colt grunted, deep in thought. 
“If you like,” Pacian suggested, “I could sneak in there by myself, free Morik, disable the guards, and cut the head off Erag while he’s sleeping. The only trouble is, I don’t know what I’d do with the rest of my day.”
“Cocky little bastard isn’t he,” Tara remarked.
“Yes, you’re taking this far too lightly, Pacian,” Nellise chastised him. “As I have been telling you for the past two weeks, there are better ways to deal with people like this. Given the chance, I’m going to try and talk sense to this man before you stick a knife in his back.”
“And as I’ve been telling you,” Pacian shot back, “there are some real monsters out there, and I’m not talking about giant serpents, either. While you’re trying to deal with this man, he’ll be laughing at your naivety and getting ready to cut your head off with his axe, or something far worse! Some people need killing, Nellise. The sooner you learn that, the longer you’ll live.”
“Enough!” Aiden barked. “We’ll evaluate the situation when we get there, but from what I’m hearing, there isn’t going to be much room for negotiation on this little trip, so don’t get too attached to the idea, Nel. 
“This Erag bloke has deposed their rightful chieftain and is setting up for war. If the Akoran leadership can’t control him and he’s managed to get hundreds of the more bloodthirsty warriors onto his side, what makes you think that we, representatives of the kingdom that took their lands — the very thing he’s railing against — have any hope of reasoning with him?” 
“It may not succeed, but given the chance, I will always look for the peaceful option,” Nellise reiterated firmly. “And don’t even try to tell me to stay behind. If I leave it up to the rest of you, you’ll charge in there to cut his head off without a moment’s hesitation.”
“If we’re gonna do this, then let’s do it right,” Colt grunted. “No half-measures. I’m not sneaking past an army and breaking in to some bloke’s cave of doom just to have dinner with him.” 
The brief exchange between Nellise and Pacian highlighted the strained relations within the group, and was a discouraging start to what, in all likelihood, promised to be a dangerous journey. Sayana held Aiden’s hand under the table. Her grip was tight, and a quick glance at her tense features showed that this was going to be particularly difficult for her, no matter how much planning went into it.

Chapter Sixteen

It was late afternoon by the time they’d finished gathering supplies and equipment, so at Colt’s suggestion, they stayed in town that night and resolved to leave Bracksford before dawn the next day. Aiden had to get his leather breast piece mended, while Nellise acquired an entirely new iron one, plus a helmet from the smithy and a new quarterstaff to replace the one she’d lost.
Sayana showed up at the crowded common room of the Bracksfordshire Arms wearing a snug-fitting suit of leathers that caused Aiden to forget his own name for a few moments. Pacian had been assisting her with purchases, which drew a raised eyebrow from his old friend.
“Look, she’s always on the front line anyway,” Pacian explained, “so I figured she could use some extra protection. It’s no breastplate, but it’s better than what she’s been using.”
“I told him I can use sorcery to armor my skin,” Sayana explained, “but he refused to listen.”
“As I said, your strength is better used elsewhere,” Pacian counseled.
“It sounds like he was very helpful,” Aiden remarked, expecting some sort of trick to be involved.
“Yes, Pacian insisted I try on several outfits to make sure I picked the right one,” Sayana added obliviously. “He was very thorough.”
“I bet he was,” Aiden stated flatly, glaring at his friend’s false expression of concern. 
Tom Ballard served them a platter of roast pork, potatoes, and thick gravy, with hot buttered bread on the side. It was a feast fit for a king, and Aiden could only hope he would remember the taste after days of trail rations soured his palette once more.
He decided to retire early that night, since the prospect of sitting around being ignored by people he’d come to know and respect was less than appealing. Pacian raised an eyebrow when Sayana left with Aiden, but he kept his mouth shut. 
They spent hours under the covers enjoying each other’s company, both of them appreciating the opportunity to forget about everything else for a while and simply revel in the moment. By the time Pacian arrived in the room hours later to get some sleep, Sayana was already fast asleep in Aiden’s arms, right before he himself dozed off contentedly.

*          *          *

They started out shortly after dawn, having slept in later than they’d planned. Aiden had no illusions about what they were undertaking here. He could only hope the rangers and guards they were to meet up with were skilled enough to sneak into the cave where the Akoran leader, Erag Black-Tiger, was holed up. 
Colt, who seemed to have avoided drinking last night, had taken the lead. The gravity of the situation was evidently not lost on him, and Aiden was secretly impressed that the man knew where to draw the line. 
Nellise strolled along with Pacian, the two of them appearing to have reopened talks, which was another good sign for their future involvement. Her gleaming armor was partially concealed by a white cloak Pacian had had the foresight to purchase the previous day, and she wore her white hood over her head instead of her new helmet. He’d bought five such cloaks, one for each of them to wear as a kind of snow camouflage, one of the few advantages they’d have on the Akoran high plains. 
Sparse trees looming overhead lent a gloomy aspect to the journey, and did nothing to lift their spirits. The ground underfoot was muddy, and the grassy terrain gradually sloped upwards as they left the valley of Bracksford behind for the colder climate of the nearby foothills. Before long, they were above the snow line, and their boots crunched on the ground with every step.
At this rate, they’d make Coldstream by sundown, which opened up all sorts of possibilities for disaster, as neither Aiden and Pacian had left home on good terms with their respective parents. Words like crazy and ungrateful bastard had been bandied around, though mostly by Pacian’s temperamental father. Aiden’s own parents had bid him farewell with cold silence, for the most part, and he couldn’t decide which was worse. 
To pass the time, Sayana instructed Aiden on a few simple magic tricks. He was slow to learn them at first, since the sorceress had never tried to teach anyone anything before, and tended to use terms he didn’t quite understand. To her, magic was a flow of energy through her body, whereas Aiden had only learned it as a kind of formula, gleaned from the dense texts he had managed to get ahold of in the years since his defining event in the cave. 
Wizards studied for years to understand the underlying structures of the energies involved in their work, but Sayana seemed to be able to bypass all of that and direct the energy around her through sheer force of will, what the more learned sages Aiden had read about would call sorcery.
It was late in the day when Aiden finally managed to grasp a basic concept that a frustrated Sayana had been trying to explain for hours. It was a simple invocation that would allow him to view the energies of people and objects around him as a kind of aura. The mindset involved in such a task was difficult to maintain, but he gasped in amazement when he finally succeeded in seeing a shifting blue outline around Sayana. Something stirred in his chest upon seeing her lit up like this, and his gaze lingered on her for a long moment, which she didn’t seem to mind.
As the sun sank in the west, the dim lights of Coldstream could be seen only a short way ahead of them, flickering like fireflies in the evening light. The ground beneath their feet was partially frozen, and the rain that seemed to be following them around had turned to snow. 
Aiden swallowed with consternation as he contemplated the best way to greet his parents, something he’d been meaning to think about during the day. He felt Sayana’s hand squeeze his reassuringly, which was odd, considering she faced a far graver threat in the lands to the south.
“I have to tell you, I’m not looking forward to this,” Pacian muttered, appearing to Aiden’s right out of the thickening shadows. “I’ve half a mind to sleep outside of town and skip this unpleasantness altogether.”
“I know what you mean,” Aiden agreed, running a hand through his dark hair. “It’s been a couple of months, though, so hopefully they’ve had time to calm down.”
“Speak for your own parents,” Pacian scoffed. “My dad’s either glad I left, or he’s been sharpening his axe this whole time, awaiting my return. All I can say is, the first sign of trouble from my old man, and I’ll be gone. We’ve got enough to deal with without that bastard trying to kill me again.”
“Give him a chance, Pace,” Nellise said, having dropped back to see what the discussion was about. “Perhaps your absence has given him time to think things over with a clear head.” 
Pacian gave her a considering look for a long moment before replying. “Okay, I’ll try it your way. Stick with me, and we’ll see how far being nice will go.”
“If you go into this expecting a bad outcome,” Nellise counseled, “you’re probably going to get what you wish for.”
“I’m going to be civil, and not say or do anything to provoke him,” Pacian replied evenly. “If he has a go at me for that, then is it really my fault? His attitude counts as much as mine, Nel.”
“True,” she conceded. “Give him a chance, is all I’m asking.”
“That’s the plan.” Pacian winked. 
The main road ran right through Coldstream, whose population was only just above the two hundred mark. Bracksford had more people living in the surrounding area overall, but they were spread out over the farms surrounding the central town. Coldstream was clustered together, and as its name suggested, it was always cold, even in summer, due to the altitude and the proximity of the nearby Highmarch Mountains.
Wood smoke hung over the street as they pressed on, passing by the low brick wall that marked the outskirts of town, where they encountered two nervous-looking guardsmen who issued the customary challenge before waving the group through.
 “We’re leaving here at dawn tomorrow, so I recommend you get some rest,” Colt advised. “By tomorrow evening, we’ll be in enemy territory, and there won’t be room for mistakes. I’m headed to the inn and I’m getting my own room. I’ll see you out front at first light.” With that, he turned and stalked off across the snow-covered ground in the direction of the large building a bit further along the street.
“Sayana and I will take a room at the inn,” Nellise remarked wearily, “and I suspect you two will do the same?”
“Well...” Aiden hedged. “Maybe. I think I’ll stop by and see my family while I’m in town.”
“You should,” Nellise agreed. “I’m sure your mother is worried about you. Pacian is going to see his father, isn’t that right, Pace?”
“Oh, yes, we’re going to have a meaningful dialog,” Pacian replied flatly. “Be ready to call the guards when you hear the bloodthirsty screams later on.”
“Then it’s settled,” Nellise said, ignoring his pessimism. “We will see you both tomorrow morning. Come along, Sayana, these gentlemen have important affairs to attend to.” 
Nellise turned and followed Colt towards the inn, with Sayana reluctantly following along behind, giving Aiden a last forlorn look as she left him to his affairs. 
Part of him wanted to bring Sayana along to meet his parents, but under the circumstances, she probably wouldn’t enjoy watching Aiden and his parents fight. They had enough to deal with already.
“I guess I’ll see you at the inn later,” Pacian sighed, resigned to his own reunion. “Promise me there’ll be drink.”
“I suspect we’ll both need it,” Aiden agreed. “Good luck, and keep him away from any sharp objects.” Pacian barked out a cynical laugh, then headed off along a side street towards his family home. 
Coldstream was a picturesque place, and one could even go so far as to call it quaint. Snow crunched underfoot and covered every surface, and with the oil lanterns hanging from street poles providing soft illumination across the frozen landscape, some might even call the scene breathtaking. The smell of wood fires burning added to a feeling of home Aiden had been sorely lacking these past weeks. 
The Wainwright family home was near the center of town, an appropriate place to attract customers for his father’s business. He worked out of a large shed that had been added long before Aiden had been born, and produced the wagons and wains that merchants and common folk alike used to move their various cargoes around the countryside. 
Approaching the house, Aiden could see the lights were still on in the workshop, and the faint but distinctive sounds of hammering could be heard, sounds that brought back pleasant memories of his childhood. 
He could see himself as a young boy, years ago, running up the street with his brothers, racing to reach the workshop first. His father, a restrained man who rarely showed signs of outward affection, laughed at their little competition and put them to work helping him construct a wagon. 
Under his supervision, they'd worked as a team to put it together before sunset, then gone in to help their mother serve the evening meal, knowing they’d done a proper job and earned a restful evening. 
All of that had changed after his brothers signed up for caravan guard duty and never returned. It hardened his father, made his mother keep closer tabs on him at all times, and drove Aiden into books as a way to deal with it all. 
Looking at the house and recalling all of these memories, Aiden hesitated, oblivious to the snow swirling around him as he recalled the final, painful conversation he’d had with his father before leaving. 
He almost faltered and walked away at the memory, but then scolded himself, and decided to soften the impact of the encounter by talking with his mother first. The warm, inviting light coming from the house proper beckoned him forwards, and before he knew it, he had knocked softly on the front door.
It opened a few moments later, and before him stood his mother, her mouth agape at the sight of her son. A moment after that, Aiden was engulfed in a crushing hug, which he gratefully returned. 
“Aiden, it’s so good to see you again,” she whispered, pulling back from the embrace to examine her son with tears of relief in her careworn blue eyes. “We’ve been so worried about you.”
“I’m fine,” Aiden assured her. “You needn’t have worried.” 
“I’m your mother Aiden. It’s what I do,” she informed him with a wan smile. “Please, come in out of the cold; you must be freezing.” 
Aiden stepped inside, grateful for the blazing fireplace that took the chill out of the air. The familiar surroundings of his childhood home put him at ease, and for a few moments, it was like he had never left.
“What is all this?” his mother asked, gesturing at his equipment, and in particular, the sword hanging from his hip. “Have you joined the army?”
“No, nothing like that,” Aiden hastily replied, taking off his leather gloves to warm his hands over the fire. “It’s a bit dangerous out there at the moment, and it pays to have some protection.”
“Don’t lie to your mother,” she said dryly, closing the door. “You’re still chasing answers to that cave, aren’t you?” Aiden never could get away with lying to his parents, and his mother in particular had a knack for sniffing out the truth. 
“You know how important it is to me,” he replied somberly, quietly disappointed that the relief of a warm welcome had turned sour so quickly. 
There was a long, awkward pause between them, the memory of their last meeting still fresh in their minds. “Well, you’re home now, at least,” she sighed, walking back into the kitchen to tend to the pot of stew that bubbled over a little stove. “We shall talk with your father and resolve this nonsense once and for all, and you can put that sword away, and things can get back to normal.” 
Aiden looked at her, busily preparing the evening meal, trying to pretend everything was the way it had been a few months ago. 
“He’s not staying,” came the voice of his father from a nearby doorway. The door connected to the workshop outside. He stood there, looking at Aiden, his expression unreadable as he wiped his hands with a rag. 
He was taller than Aiden, with broad shoulders and dark hair that was greyer than the young man remembered, framing an honest face unaccustomed to deception. “Aiden is passing through; isn’t that right, son?” 
“I’m on my way south with some allies,” Aiden confirmed. “We’re going to be assisting the local militia with the Akoran problem.” 
Aiden’s mother looked up at him, aghast. “I thought you said you hadn’t joined the army.” 
“I’ve been up to Culdeny recently and tried to get the mayor to send down some more patrols to this region,” he explained, “but they’re short-handed everywhere. The threat down here is very real, and we’re trying to remove that threat before they escalate their attacks. I’m trying to defend the town, but I’m doing it on my own terms.”
“Show her some respect, Aiden,” his father cautioned. “Your mother has been worried sick about you.”
“I apologize, but it’s all true,” Aiden replied, not backing down. “I came by to let you know I’m okay, and to check in with you, but I really can’t stay.”
“But you’re not okay,” his father remarked, stepping closer and giving the young man the same examination his mother had done. “You’re decked out for war, and that blade on your hip is as sharp as they come, if I’m any judge of workmanship. I take it you’ve been practicing?” 
“After a fashion,” Aiden answered evasively. 
His father nodded to himself, looking straight at his son for a long moment, then turned and walked back out to the workshop. Aiden sighed quietly, recognizing his father’s usual response to bad news, which was to focus on his work. 
“Don’t pay attention to him,” his mother instructed. “You know what he’s like. The two of you can resolve your differences over the next week or so, and then it’ll be like you never fought. 
“You are staying ... right? I mean, after you finish off whatever it is you have to do?” The hope in her voice was heartbreaking.
“I don’t know,” Aiden said honestly. “I haven’t really thought that far ahead, but I suspect I have some more research to do before I can leave all of that cave stuff behind me.” 
Aiden was surprised to hear a knife slam into the chopping board his mother was using. She looked at him with something akin to exasperation, and more than a little impatience.
“Why? Why can’t you forget it and get on with your life? You have so much potential, and you’re wasting it on some vision you thought you saw when you hit your head. Why can’t you let it go?”
“It won’t let me go,” Aiden replied tersely, heading over to the workshop door. The cold realization hit him that nothing had changed between him and his parents since he'd left. Seeing his father working away on a damaged wagon, while he stood in the doorway having returned from a long absence, summed it up. Always distant, his father shut down completely when he didn’t want to deal with things.
“I think I’d better go,” Aiden said to his father’s back, expecting no answer and receiving none. “I’ll be back this way sometime; I don’t know when, really. Maybe when I’ve figured some things out and I’m ready to go back to my old life. Take care of Mum for me.” 
He couldn’t figure out anything further to say, so he turned and started to walk out of the shed, feeling that the inn was probably a better place to stay, given the situation.
“Did I ever tell you about my old mate Sam Weathers?” his father asked suddenly, stopping Aiden in mid-stride. “We grew up together, south of Fairloch, in the Kingswood, though it was before that place was properly settled. Best friend I ever had, and we did everything together, he and I. Explored that forest from end to end, and got into more trouble than I’d care to mention.”
“We were about your age when Sam got the itch for adventure and wanted to head south to sign up with a mercenary company. I wanted to go along with him, but my old man was sick, and I had to bring in lumber to make enough money to keep us fed. So I said my goodbyes to Sam, and we went our separate ways.” 
Aiden turned to face his father, even though the man was still paying attention to the new spokes he was fitting to a wheel. “A year or so later,” his father continued, “Sam came back from his travels, and I dropped what I was doing to head over and welcome him back. 
“He seemed fine at first, but there was something different about him. The way his face looked when he thought no one was watching. There was a darkness in his eyes that hadn’t been there before, and when I asked him about it, all he told me was that he got in some big battle down near Trinity, and killed a dozen men to stay alive.”
“Wasn’t much I could say to that, so we drank our beer in silence, and the next day, he left town again. Ain’t never seen him since, and I’m thankful for it, ’cause he wasn’t the same bloke I’d known growing up. He knew he couldn’t go back to the way he’d been before he’d done the things he’d done, and he’d never be the same again.”
“Interesting story,” Aiden remarked coolly, sensing a moral about to be revealed. 
His father stopped what he was doing and looked him straight in the eye before he spoke his next words. “You’ve got that same look in your eyes, Aiden,” he said with a weary voice. “For whatever reason, you’ve killed a man, maybe more than one, and it’s changed you. 
“Don’t say to me that you’ll come back when it’s all over and settle in to build wagons with your old man, because it’s not going to happen. You’ve chosen your path, for better or worse, and there’s nothing that can be done about it now.” 
Aiden was silent as his father’s focus returned to his work, unable to form the words he wanted to explain himself, because he knew they wouldn’t be enough. He hadn’t given a lot of thought to the killing he’d done, probably because there was so much going on in his life at the time, but also because he thought self-defense justified it. 
They were bad men, and that made it okay? Somehow it didn’t seem enough, especially in the face of his father’s story. There was nothing more to say, so Aiden turned and trudged out into the swirling snow, head hanging low as he made for the inn. It might have been the house he grew up in, but it was no longer home.

*          *          *

The inn was less than a hundred yards away, a small fact Aiden remembered from his youth. He even recalled counting out the steps at one point to win a wager with Pacian, though the exact number escaped him now. As he approached it, however, he heard the sounds of distant voices, raised in argument, both of them quite familiar. Groaning inwardly, he changed direction and headed over to the western end of town, walking faster.
The sounds grew louder as he approached the Savidge household, an old timber-workers cottage that had seen better days. Half a dozen locals were peering out of their windows nearby, trying to find out more of what was going on. The shouted words were alarmingly loud, and punctuated by the sounds of smashing crockery. Although Aiden could hear most of them, he wished he didn’t.
“You worthless brat, running off and leaving me here to wither,” Pacian’s father spat. “You killed your mother, and now you’re trying to do the same to me as well!” 
Aiden stopped outside the front door, wondering whether it was safe to open. The words being hurled back and forth like weapons were harsh and not unfamiliar. Pacian’s father had never forgiven his son for the death of his wife, and the resentment brewing within the man often exploded into a terrible display of the less appealing aspects of human nature. 
Pace had taken a good deal of abuse over the years, probably out of a sense of guilt, but tonight, he was dishing out as good as he was getting, and it was making the whole situation worse. “Do you want me to show you how to throw plates? ’Cause you’re terrible at it, you drunken bastard!” Pacian taunted, loud enough to be heard through the thick wooden door. 
The sound of a plate smashing into the door itself led Aiden to the conclusion that leaving it closed for the time being was a prudent course of action. “You shouldn’t have come back here, you wretch,” his father swore. “You’re nothing but trouble, and you’ll bring a curse down on this town!”
“Oh, don’t worry, I’m leaving,” Pacian assured him. “I only wanted to drop in and say hello before you drink yourself to death.” 
Pace burst through the door and slammed it behind him. A small crowd of people had gathered around to find out what all the commotion was. Nellise emerged from the crowd and beckoned Pacian to her side, where they talked in whispers for a time. 
Aiden didn’t feel the need to eavesdrop, so he decided to head over to the inn and drown his sorrows, and speak with his friend about this eventful evening later. The Sleeping Bear was a creatively-titled inn that mostly catered to merchants and the occasional passing traveller; however, the roads had been practically deserted of late, leaving most of the rooms vacant. The fire in the hearth burned brightly and the food was good, which proved to be of some small comfort to Aiden as he headed inside for the evening. 
Perhaps an hour later, after Aiden had morosely eaten half a roast chicken, Pacian slumped down in the chair next to him. The two friends exchanged a tired glance, saying nothing, for they didn’t need to speak to convey what they were feeling at that moment. They were both emotionally exhausted and needed nothing more than quiet company for the evening. 
Nellise joined them at the fireplace a little while later, sitting next to Pacian in silence, while Sayana came over to sit on Aiden’s lap, something that managed to distract him from his troubles quite effectively.
“I see you two have become quite friendly,” Nellise remarked softly, a faint smile on her lips. 
“Yes, it came as something of a surprise to me,” Aiden replied, with a grin he couldn’t suppress. “Do Akoran women act like this in public? Not that I’m complaining, mind you.”
“I don’t know; I was very young when I left. I don’t know what tomorrow will bring, so I’m doing what I want tonight. If anyone’s offended, that’s not my problem. But you’re all acting strangely tonight for some reason,” Sayana remarked, causing a number of exchanged glances to be passed around.
“Sy has many fine qualities,” Aiden drawled a moment later, “but I think it’s her non sequiturs that I find really attractive.”
“Both of these young gentlemen have family issues,” Nellise said in reply to Sayana’s question. 
“Yes, if it wasn’t for Nel’s advice,” Pacian added accusingly, “we would have had a quiet evening by the fireplace instead of horrible confrontations with certain people.”
“I stand by what I said,” Nellise responded, looking at each of them. “Yet it appears I have underestimated how deep the problems are, and it will take more than a night of talking to overcome them.”
“Maybe, but I’m never going to speak to my old man again after tonight, so I don’t see the problem being fixed, ever,” Pacian said bitterly.
“Never is a long time, Pace,” Nellise counseled. “See how you feel in a few years, okay?” 
“You’re lucky to have parents at all,” Sayana pointedly remarked in a soft voice. “Treasure them while you can.” 
Aiden suddenly felt awful and exchanged a pained glance with Pacian, who groaned as he stood up and stretched. “I’m so done with this,” he grumbled. “Tomorrow isn’t going to be any easier, so I’m going to bed. I’ll see you all out front, first thing.” 
Aiden mumbled a quick goodnight as Pacian turned and sauntered off towards his room. “That was a powerful insight, Sy,” Nellise remarked as Pacian left the common room.
“Truth often is,” she answered wistfully. Sayana then stood up and took Aiden by the hand, easing him out of the chair and slowly leading him towards their own room.
“I guess we’re off to bed as well,” Aiden remarked, looking back over his shoulder to see Nellise, who seemed to be blushing as they walked away. 
Despite her apparent eagerness, Sayana had something else in mind when they climbed into bed that evening. Sensing Aiden’s dour mood, she offered nothing more than her company for the night, and he offered her the same, giving her the comfort she silently sought.
Lying there in her arms, his mind dwelt on the events of the day for some time before he became sleepy. The last thing he remembered thinking was that if the dragon appeared in his dreams that night, he was going to give it a swift kick in the head before it ate him.

Chapter Seventeen

It was a typical winter’s morning in Coldstream when the five of them met outside: a strong wind assailed them from the southwest, and there was a thick layer of snow upon the ground. It was just before sunrise, with the sky only beginning to lighten, and everyone who didn’t need to be up and about was sensibly still in bed. 
Their breath misted heavily in the frigid conditions, and Aiden smacked his gloved hands together, trying to generate some warmth. The heavy white winter cloaks they wore protected them from the worst of the bitter wind, but the real test would come when they moved out of the foothills and over the High Plains, a large expanse of empty land in the southern region of the kingdom that gradually became the Highmarch Mountains. 
Colt seemed remarkably alert, considering the early start, eyeing Pacian and Aiden suspiciously as they checked their gear one last time.
“I hear tell from the innkeeper that something happened in town last night,” he remarked to nobody in particular. “Bit of a local disturbance, as it were, lots of shouting and such. I don’t suppose either of you two heard about it?” 
Aiden shook his head after a moment of fake thought, and Pacian merely shrugged.  “I spoke with a drunken man in town last night,” Nellise casually mentioned. “He had been creating quite a scene, as it happens, so perhaps that’s what the innkeeper meant?” 
Colt looked her straight in the eye for a long moment, as if trying to determine if she was lying or not. “Yeah, that was probably it,” he grunted, hefting his greatsword over his shoulder. 
Aiden caught her eye for a moment and noticed a quick wink in his direction. He had to give credit where it was due, for Nellise hadn’t actually lied about anything she’d said, and he silently thanked her for it.
“All right, let’s move out,” Colt ordered. “We’re supposed to meet up with Duncan and his group ten miles or so upstream, and he’ll lead us into enemy territory from there. Sally is relaying word on their patrol movements and fortifications to him, so we’ll have everything we need moving forward. When it comes time to do the job, Duncan and I will head in and take care of this. You lot only need to keep the door open for us, okay?
“I know that’s putting a lot on your shoulders, Sayana,” he added, “but that’s the truth of the situation. If at any time you don’t think you can help us get in there and take this bastard out, you let us know. We won’t think any less of you for it, you understand me?” 
“I’m not defenseless,” she assured him. “If it comes to it, I’ll light the place on fire.”
“Excellent,” Colt grunted as he turned and started trudging up the road, the snow crunching underfoot as the rest of them fell into line behind him. The two miserably cold militiamen still on duty at the south gate gave them a terse farewell and returned to their vigil.
Just outside of town, they crossed the bridge over the river Coldstream, which was iced over at this time of year. There was no trail visible beyond this point, for there had been almost no trade between the Akoran tribal people and the town of Coldstream for months. Even before they closed their borders, the mountain folk hadn’t been known for their open, sociable nature. 
Aiden had met several Akorans in his life and found them to be a hard, uncompromising people, accustomed to living in a place where life was short and brutal. His thoughts wandered to historical matters for an hour or so, but after stepping on a branch and causing Colt to whirl around, he decided to focus more on his surroundings. 
The terrain was gradually ascending as they traveled, and signs of life such as trees, bushes and animals slowly disappeared into the thickening mist blanketing the landscape.  Presently, a huge, dead tree loomed out of the fog. Its branches clawed at the sky, an ominous omen if ever there was one, watching over the land like an ancient guardian. 
Colt signaled for them to stop beneath its empty boughs, then pursed his lips and whistled a lyrical bird call. They crouched in silence, expecting an answer from beyond the misty veil, yet there was only silence.
“This is where we were told to meet Duncan,” he whispered, glancing around cautiously. “He should have seen us coming and contacted us by now.”
“You sure you haven’t been sipping a little of your, ahem, holy water?” Pacian asked spitefully. 
“Remind me to punch you in the face when we get out of here,” Colt whispered ominously.
“I’ll make a note of it in my journal,” Pacian quietly replied, with a healthy dose of sarcasm. “‘Dear diary, when we get back to town, Colt wants to express his manly affections for me through violence.’”
“Enough,” Aiden muttered, in no mood for their usual repartee. “Do we wait here, or find our own way forward?” 
Everyone looked to Colt for an answer, but had to wait while the big ranger looked around for signs of any tracks, or indeed any indication that something unpleasant might have befallen Duncan. 
“Something’s not right,” he muttered, glancing around in consternation. Aiden mimicked him, suddenly finding the cold, misty air oppressive. Their visibility was counted in yards, and anything could be hiding out there. 
Colt drew his bow. A moment later, an arrow whistled past him to thud into the trunk of the dead tree.
“Ambush!” he roared, nocking an arrow and kneeling in the snow to aim at something nobody could see. They drew their weapons as more arrows flew past, and Aiden’s heart raced as no less than a dozen hulking silhouettes appeared from the mists around them, weapons ready, the roar of their battle cries echoing across the frigid landscape.
Colt loosed his arrow into their ranks before the charging Akorans closed the distance. Aiden spoke the command word to summon his force shield, and as it shimmered into existence, his mind analyzed the situation, trying to figure out what had gone wrong. He didn’t have time to think about it, however, as three warriors bore down on him with spears poised to strike.
Sayana let out a stifled scream and reflexively huddled towards the centre of the group, summoning a sheath of ghostly armor to protect herself. When the oncoming warriors saw this, one of them called “witch!”, doubling Sayana’s fear in an instant.
 Pacian threw a pair of knives at one large figure, striking true yet barely slowing the man’s advance. Nellise whispered a prayer and began glowing with a nimbus of white light as she cranked out bolts from her crossbow. Shooting at close-quarters targets was precisely what it was designed to do, and she struck down one after another in quick succession. 
Colt threw aside his longbow and drew his greatsword as the front line of Akorans closed in, managing to take a swing at his nearest enemy. After their furious charge, the Akorans began working together to defend their flanks and take advantage of any mistakes. They closed in around the group, preventing any escape. Aiden was fighting on a purely defensive level as the relentless attack pushed him back towards Colt’s position. 
Colt swung his blade back and forth with all his strength, striking down first one warrior, then another, but they were replaced as quickly as they fell, showing no fear at the sight of their fallen comrades.
Nellise was eventually forced to discard the crossbow and whirled her quarterstaff around, keeping the enemy at bay as best she could. Their situation was looking worse with every passing moment, but it could be turned around in a heartbeat if they could break out of the circle of surrounding warriors. 
It was at that moment that Sayana finally overcame her fear. She screamed the same war cry the Akorans had used and threw her shining vythiric axe at the largest of their foes, almost splitting the man in half. Drawing the weapon back to her hand with sorcery, she took her place in the defensive circle to hold back the rest. 
Holding the axe in her left hand, she conjured flames from her extended right, enveloping the nearby warriors in fire. Sayana’s flames abruptly died, almost as soon as they’d begun, however, at the shouted words of a venerable man wearing a black bearskin robe, who stood beyond the ring of warriors. In one hand, he held a staff etched with many runes and sigils that glowed with an eldritch light.
“A shaman,” Sayana breathed, fear evident in her voice. 
Although he appreciated her respect for the newcomer, Aiden had a different reaction to the scene before him. He realized the futility of their situation, and understood there was no escape from the ambush. 
Nellise’s quarterstaff whirled and hit with precision, breaking limbs until she was struck with the butt of an axe and dropped to the ground, unconscious. 
The last thing Aiden remembered was Sayana looking at him in despair, right before a thrown axe hurtled into his field of view to strike him right between the eyes. Then everything went black.

*          *          *

The darkness was replaced with the near-blinding light of midday, causing Aiden to squint against the sudden brilliance. His boots crunched over snow as he took a few tentative steps, looking down upon a scene from his worst nightmares.
He stood amidst a battle between armored men wearing the gold dragon tabard of the kingdom and others clad in hooded robes, with signs of steel armor hidden underneath their garb. The fallen from both sides of the battle littered the landscape, and the ringing of steel and the cries of the combatants were deafening. 
One of the kingdom soldiers suddenly bumped into him, giving him a dirty look as he yelled in Aiden’s face to get back on the line or be tried for cowardice. Aiden looked down at his body and saw he was wearing the armor and uniform of an Aielund soldier. His mind raced, trying to remember how he had come to be in the middle of this fight.
Aiden knew what was coming, but he didn’t know how he knew, and he staggered around as if in a dream. The ground began to shake, the vibrations growing in intensity until the head of an armor creature appeared over the rise, revealing more of its body as it closed the distance. He knew what was coming.
It was easily over twelve feet in height, with shoulders eight feet across, and  was completely encased in ornate armor. More followed, marching across the snow-covered land.
“You can’t win this!” Aiden shouted, knowing the outcome of this fight. “Run, for the love of God, run!” 
If the soldiers heard him, they paid him no heed.
Aiden watched the ongoing battle, but knew it was a futile effort — the outcome was inevitable. After long minutes of bloodshed, the black warrior stood alone against the last of the bizarre metal monsters. 
This one was different from the others, though — shorter by several feet and wielding a huge sword in one hand, the edge of the blade rippling with light. 
The two came together in a savage dance. Aiden remembered where he had seen this — and he was right, it was a dream, yet he couldn’t understand why it felt so real.
A shadow grew over the battlefield as something immense obscured the sun. An enormous gold dragon was descending onto the battlefield, the breadth of its wings surpassing a hundred feet.
As expected, the dragon turned its great head to look directly at Aiden. It seemed as startled to see him as Aiden was to be witness to this entire scene. It spread its wings, and the air around it crackled and sparked with a build-up of power. 
A flash of white light suddenly engulfed the battlefield. A blast of energy engulfed Aiden, who fully expected to die. 
A stillness came over the field. Aiden slowly looked up to see a colossal hole carved out of the ground, easily fifty yards across and just as deep. It was almost a perfect hemisphere, and even went inside the bailey of the castle itself. The outer gate and part of its walls cleanly sheared off where the hemisphere met them. 
Aiden, no longer appearing as a soldier in the army, slowly stood, looking at the devastation before him, and felt at peace. It was an odd feeling, considering what he had witnessed, but there it was, regardless. 
The scene around him began to fade and turn a curious shade of purple. Then it was all swept away in a swirling sea of blue and violet light, a vista that appeared flat and featureless, yet seemed to stretch on to infinity at the same time. 
Aiden could no longer see his body in the dimness, and felt as though he were floating in water. He simply drifted with the flow, pushed about by eddies and currents of the great ocean. 
After an interminable amount of time, a shape began to form from the surrounding formlessness, a piece of rocky ground beneath his booted feet. Aiden touched down lightly upon the surface and watched as the fog of violet and blue slowly receded before him to reveal an immense creature. 
Its great head lifted slowly and Aiden saw it was the dragon from his nightmare, manifest before him in all its terrifying size. But it wasn’t quite the same.
Its great wings had wasted away to mere skeletal frames, covered in aged and worn skin. The golden scales adorning its hide were lackluster, and the eye that was now looking down at Aiden from the great head was bleary and dull. Aiden felt no fear of this creature, and was instead filled with a sense of pity.
Welcome, Aiden, a powerful voice intoned, although the mouth of the dragon had not moved. 
“Where … what is this place?” Aiden replied, his voice small in the vast emptiness around him.
You are standing on a small pocket of reality amidst the Aether, a dimension adjacent to what you know of as Aeos, your world. Do not be alarmed; you are quite safe.
“How can you talk without moving your mouth?”
My jaws are not capable of reproducing mortal speech patterns, the dragon replied patiently. I am communicating directly with your mind. 
“I see,” Aiden said timidly, struggling to comprehend everything that was happening. The air seemed normal here, though perhaps a little stale. Although he appeared to be standing on solid ground, he felt lighter than air, as if he could float away at any moment. 
He took a few steps, noting that the great eye of the dragon, only yards away, followed his every move. The dragon’s bulk took up most of the space on the small pocket of land, but there was a structure of some sort behind it. 
Peering closer, Aiden could see that it was a castle gate and part of a stone wall, with crumbling edges that stopped just short of the edge of the ground. Chains were lashed across the front of the gate, which appeared to be locked tight.
Do not go too close to the edge, the dragon advised. It was quite an effort to catch you in the first place, and I do not want you to again fall into the Aether. 
“Is that a castle I see behind you?” Aiden asked, trying to put all the pieces of this puzzle together.
Yes, I brought it with me, the dragon said cryptically. Pay no heed to such things for now; your needs are more pressing. What is the last thing you remember?
“I ... was on a battlefield, watching great iron monsters attacking Aielund soldiers at the Battle of Fort Highmarch,” Aiden breathed, his memory distant and difficult to fathom. “But I have dreamt of that over and over for years, and never before has this happened.” 
He looked at the dragon, its expression cryptic and its eye locked upon him, but no answer was forthcoming. “I recall Sayana saying something to me, something about it not being a dream,” Aiden mused aloud, his memories slowly clearing. “In the vision, she screamed when you looked at her. Why? She had done nothing to you—” 
He was cut off by the dragon’s voice and was startled by its reaction. They are not your dreams, Aiden. They are mine, it informed him, its voice betraying powerful emotions within. She was not invited. 
“If they’re your dreams, how is it that I see them every few nights? What is going on?”
Time flows differently here, the dragon explained. Every time I sleep, I walk in my memories of that last battle and wonder with regret whether or not I made the right choices; and through our connection, you walk through the battle with me. 
You would have had the defenders drop their weapons and run? This was a poor choice — there was no retreat from the fight. I doubt there was any way to avoid the outcome you witnessed.
“Connected? How are we connected?” Aiden asked, imploring the dragon for an answer. 
The dragon shifted its weight slightly, and brought forth one of its great claws, clenched tight around an object. Aiden took an involuntary step backwards, but the claw stopped before it reached him. It slowly opened, and within its palm was a glass orb, ridiculously small for the dragon to be holding, but about the right size for a human.
You recognize this, the dragon stated, observing Aiden’s reaction. It is the result of unequalled artifice, beyond the talents of even my own kind. They came in pairs, and allowed for communication across any distance, even across time. 
“The glass sphere,” Aiden breathed, realizing the orb he held in that cave years ago was the partner to the sphere being shown before him now. He unconsciously reached for the shard hanging around his neck, but to his surprise, it wasn’t there.
Your possessions remain with your body, the dragon remarked, confusing Aiden more than he already was.
“But I’m standing right here,” he insisted, patting himself to be sure. 
You are seeing what I want you to see, the dragon explained. Your real body is not here, unfortunately, as it was too damaged to hold your spirit any longer. 
Aiden thought about that for a moment, and then came to a shocking realization. “Do you mean that I’m dead?” he asked dumbly.
After a fashion, yes. An unfortunate accident separated you from your body. You were wise to keep the shard of the scrying device with you, Aiden, for it was through it that I was able to witness your demise and retrieve your energy from the Aether. 
“You’ve been watching me?” Aiden inquired.
In a limited fashion. The shard you carry around your neck carries only a fraction of the power required for a more direct link between us, though it was this that allowed me to intervene and bring your spirit here.
“So … I’m not really dead after all?” he asked, with a sliver of hope in his voice.
No, I caught you on your way past. I shall return you to your body and mend it enough to restore you to life. It is a shame that you broke the sphere, Aiden. Had it remained intact, we could accomplish great things together. As it happens, you will have to do this alone.
“Do what alone?” Aiden hedged, not liking the direction this conversation was heading, even as he was relieved to know that he was going to be all right.
You have many questions, Aiden, but your time here is nearly up. I cannot leave this place, yet there are important matters you must take care of for me. 
Time works differently here than it does on the mortal plane. If you stay any longer, I fear your companions may not survive. Suffice to say, I serve a purpose here, and my time, too, is running short. 
You will travel to Fairloch and find a man named Desmond. Speak my name, Salinder, to him, for he will have means of contacting me again. 
“Wait, what do you mean—” Aiden began, but the scene before him was fading even as he spoke. His vision began to swim, and he felt fainter as each second passed. The dragon and the ground upon which it lay faded into the violet storm surrounding them, until both vanished altogether. 
Aiden felt a sensation of falling a great distance, and the ground began to coalesce around him once more. This time it was much darker and far, far colder. 

*          *          *

Aiden jolted awake, a throbbing pain in his head and a burning sensation upon his chest. He reached a hand up and pulled away the shard from its contact with his skin, for it was glowing red hot, leaving a small burn mark. 
Glancing around, he was dismayed to see it was completely dark. A bitter wind howled across the frozen landscape, chilling him to the bone. His mind was still addled from his bizarre experience, but the memory of his demise was coming back to him faster than he would have liked.
Reflexively reaching a hand to his head, Aiden felt the place where he had been struck by the axe, only to find the weapon had been removed and the wound closed. His momentary relief was immediately overwhelmed by the realization that he was lying amidst a pile of bloodied corpses, half-covered by the snow, and his friends and allies were in trouble somewhere nearby. 
Aiden slowly began to rise, keenly feeling the cold through his body. He wrapped the winter cloak tightly around himself and checked to make sure his gear was still intact. His armor was gouged in several places, but it would serve for the time being. His sword was gone, which didn’t come as a surprise, but made Aiden’s task that much more difficult.
Reaching into his backpack, he frantically fished around for anything that might come in useful and pulled out the strange pair of lenses, fixed to a leather strap. He remembered what they were, and recalled the night he had gone through the treasures of Ferrumgaard with Sayana. 
A momentary feeling of dread overcame Aiden as he realized she too had been captured, despite his assuring her that he would protect her. She might well be suffering the most of them all. He quickly pulled the lenses over his head and was instantly able to see across the land around him, as if it were lit by a full moon. 
The first problem solved, Aiden then rummaged around and pulled out the ornate enchanted scepter. If he’d remembered he had it, he might have chosen to leave it behind to save weight; but just as well, for now it might turn out to be the thing that saved them.
Setting aside the scepter, he retrieved the arcane scroll cases and opened one up. The lenses that allowed him to see in the dark didn’t provide light, however, so he couldn’t make out what was written on the scrolls. He briefly considering lighting a torch, but didn’t want to risk being spotted. 
Girding himself for the journey across the frozen wastes, Aiden could see the heavy footsteps of over a dozen people in the snow, and knew he was on the right track. Yet the prospect of facing hundreds of Akoran warriors in order to free his friends weighed heavily on his mind.

Chapter Eighteen

He traveled for an hour and more across the snowy ground, with the bitter mountain winds assailing his every step. Tiny dots of light began to appear at the edge of Aiden’s enhanced sight — the campfires of the Akoran horde. There were at least thirty of them, and more appearing by the minute. He began to worry that Colt and the others had been taken into the middle of a vast encampment, yet as he continued on, the trail veered to skirt around the camp. 
Movement could be seen amongst the campfires. Aiden surmised that only a few unlucky souls were forced to keep watch during the winter chill, which was the sort of good news he had been hoping for. His sight was better than anyone’s, and he was able to move around and keep the enemy at the edge of his vision, remaining undetected.
Aiden peered through his lenses at the scene before them, seeing two Akoran warriors huddled against the cold at the mouth of a cave. Several torches lit the area, and a large brazier flared with fire to help keep the two men warm. The heavy tracks Aiden had followed all this way led directly into the cave.
Aiden crept in closer, confident he was invisible to the guards for the time being. Getting past them would be a different matter, but thinking of invisibility gave him an idea. He retrieved the arcane scrolls he had found at Ferrumgaard from his pack and unfurled them as delicately as he could, being careful not to tear the ancient parchment. The light from the nearby fires was barely enough to read by, and he quickly scanned the contents.
His pulse quickened as Aiden leafed through the collection. The old wizard from Ferrumgaard had accumulated an assortment of incantations that would transform Aiden into a devastating combatant — for about fifteen minutes. Strength, armor, speed, and yes, even the power of invisibility was his to command. 
The only problem was, he’d never tried this sort of thing before. Although he could read the cryptic language that guarded the secrets of wizards, one tiny slip-up could have disastrous results.
But first, he raised the scepter and once more practiced the odd inscriptions upon its length. He’d encountered most of the arcane markings in his research over the years, and it proved to be an easy study. 
Much like the glove he had found in the mountains, the scepter was activated by a single command word, at which point interesting things would happen. What, exactly, he wasn’t sure.
With that out of the way, he took a deep breath and read out the incantation on the first scroll. The words sounded strange and exotic, but were infused with an essence that was difficult to describe, let alone understand.
As he reached the end of the scroll, the inscribed runes vanished from the parchment, which dissipated through his fingers into a pile of smoldering ash at his feet. Aiden assumed that was supposed to happen and continued with the next one. 
He was halfway through reading out the arcane script when the parchment itself ignited with a flash, momentarily blinding him and causing an eruption of flame.
Aiden dropped the fiery parchment and flattened himself to the ground. He had definitely mispronounced something in that convoluted incantation, and might well have given away his position to the Akorans as a result. The guards nearby were looking around, as if unsure what they had seen; but they held their positions, which was both a good thing and a bad thing, as they were sure to be even more cautious now.
Aiden waited for them to relax back into their routine once more and went back to reading the scrolls one by one. After three more successful attempts, he looked down and noticed he couldn’t actually see his body anymore. He lifted his left hand in front of his face, yet it was completely transparent. 
With rising confidence, he stood and began softly creeping towards the cave entrance. His heart thudded in his ears, for although he was truly invisible, the prospect of passing within a few feet of the two fierce guards set him on edge. He briefly thought about the footprints he was leaving behind, but it was dark enough that they wouldn’t see them until sunrise.
Aiden quickened his pace, keeping tight to the side of the hill into which the cave entrance was set. The Akoran guards were watching the darkness intently, no doubt keeping an eye out for any reoccurrence of the strange flash of light. Aiden was thus able to move past them without their noticing and over the final few yards, he held his breath in case they might hear his breathing.
The gusting wind must have helped cover any noise he had made, for he managed to get inside the cave without being noticed. Carefully drawing breath once more, he noticed a thin piece of torn white cloth on the ground and recognized it was part of one of the winter robes Pacian had gotten for them all. 
The cave extended inward for ten yards beyond the entrance before branching off. There was no further sign of Akoran guards as yet, something Aiden was silently grateful for. Torches were placed every few yards along the length of the tunnel, making the place seem as bright as day to his enhanced sight. 
He crept to the junction ahead, and after checking for signs of life, moved to the right. Perhaps it was the result of the terrible cold outside, or an after effect of the near-death experience he’d gone through, but he could barely stop shaking.
Gathering up his courage, Aiden delved deeper into the complex, battling the urge to rush inside before the power of his magic was played out. He had a distinct advantage, for while they couldn’t see him, Aiden was able to see everything around him as clear as day. Expecting some sort of rough-hewn cave, he was surprised to see the tunnel was more like a purpose-built underground complex, with walls made from some kind of metal which showed no sign of rust.
Storing this information away for later, he kept moving through the tunnel. He was growing uncertain as to whether this was the correct path when a faint echo of a woman’s scream could be heard to his right. With a feeling of dread, Aiden followed the sound through the twisting tunnels, certain that he would have become lost without it. 
The air in the cave was becoming thick with smoke and the smell of roasted meat. Turning a corner, he spied several warriors in a large alcove, lounging around open fires in stone pits, and cutting chunks of meat from a deer carcass hanging from a spit over the flames. 
They chuckled at the sounds of suffering from further in the complex, adding to Aiden’s growing rage. He longed to strike from the shadows and cut them down, but couldn’t risk being overwhelmed in a fight. He had to press on.
The sounds of men and women in distress grew closer as he turned a corner, setting Aiden’s neck hairs on end. Fearing the worst, he ran forward and bowled headlong into someone who had been crouched in the darkness. 
Aiden recovered and brought his scepter up high, almost lashing out before he noticed familiar blond locks on the man’s head. Pacian, confused and bedraggled, also regained his footing. He looked around in near-panic, trying to figure out what had just hit him, with a dagger gripped tightly in one hand. 
His leathers were torn, and he’d discarded his white cloak so he could hide in the darkness. He shivered in the freezing cold of the tunnels. 
“Pacian,” Aiden whispered harshly, chafing at the delay. “Relax; it’s me, Aiden.”  
Pacian turned pale and steadied himself against the wall. “Aiden? No, it can’t be,” he breathed. “I saw you die. Wait, are you a ... ghost? Are you haunting me?”
“No, I’m alive, just invisible,” Aiden assured him. “To keep a long story short, I found some magic back in Ferrumgaard.”
“Invisible? How … right, magic,” he muttered, clearly not thinking straight. “Look, the others are being held in cells about thirty yards further down this passage.” 
Fear and exhaustion colored Pacian’s voice. “I’ve been sitting here trying to figure out how to get past and break everyone out, but there are too many of them. Sneaking past a couple of cave guards was one thing, but I think there’s fifteen or so down there. 
“The other men sent here with Duncan are down there as well, but they’re not moving.” His voice cracked and it sounded like he was at the end of his rope. 
“Don’t worry Pace, I’ve got this,” Aiden whispered with growing confidence. “Follow me carefully, and when you see my signal, attack.”
“What signal?”
“I suspect it’ll involve bright light, and possibly some fire,” Aiden explained absently, not entirely sure what his scepter would do. 
Another scream echoed along the tunnel, followed by what sounded like an axe cutting into flesh, prompting the boys into immediate action. Aiden took the lead, hoping that Pacian could figure out where he was and avoid accidentally stabbing him in the back. 
The passage opened out into a larger chamber, with half a dozen torches positioned around the walls and cells with barred metal gates set on either side. There were five warriors standing outside one of the cells, two of them heaving the body of someone wearing the garb of a militiaman through a barred door. The flickering torchlight lit up the bodies of many other people lying dormant inside the cages, and a cold anger surged through Aiden’s blood.
Raising up the scepter, he aimed for the nearest warrior and spoke the command word. A brilliant beam of yellow light, as bright as the sun, sprang forth, striking the warrior’s back and cutting straight through to the other side. With the scepter’s light lighting him up like a bonfire, Aiden suddenly realized he was no longer invisible, but he had no further need of it anyway. 
The scorched and blackened body of the Akoran warrior dropped to the ground, and the rest of his comrades stood there gaping at the grisly sight. Aiden spoke again, this time moving his arm in an arc to the left, catching all of them with the beam.
Their furs caught fire, and their howls could be heard echoing down the tunnel. One of them dropped to the ground, but the rest recovered from their momentary shock, drew their weapons, and charged at Aiden, who summoned his force shield and stood ready to meet their attack.
He took the first warrior’s axe on his shield while the other two moved to either side, swinging their axes with all of their strength. A layer of protective spectral armor Aiden had conjured with one of the scrolls flashed with blue light, absorbing most of the force behind the impacts. 
Aiden brought the scepter down upon the exposed right arm of a warrior with a satisfying crack, and followed through by smashing him across the face with tremendous force, shattering the man’s cheekbone and dropping him to the ground. With the power of the strength incantation surging through his body, Aiden was as strong as three men.
Along with Pacian’s help, the fight was very much one-sided. Aiden discarded finesse and simply bashed through the defenses of his outmatched opponents and within seconds, most of them were on the ground, bleeding from a series of fatal injuries, while Pacian stabbed and slashed as he darted about in a manic fury. 
Two of the men who had dropped bodies into a cell emerged, outraged that their comrades had been cut down so easily. Aiden held his ground as one of the brutes drew a sword — Colt’s massive sword — while his comrade hefted Sayana’s vythiric axe and moved to flank him. 
Aiden kept his scepter leveled at the big man before him, making sure he had the warrior’s full attention. Along with the presence of his glowing shield, the Akorans seemed rattled, afraid of the presence of powerful magic. 
When they were fully clear of the cell, Pacian crept up from behind and with one quick move, jumped on the larger warrior’s back and slit his throat. The giant staggered about, gasping for breath, while the other warrior turned and took a swing.
Pacian was too quick for him, though, already on the move. It gave Aiden a chance to smash him on the back of his head and drop him to the ground, while his companion slowly choked to death on his own blood a few yards away. 
With the sounds of their battle echoing through the tunnels, it was inevitable others would come, and they arrived only moments after the big one stopped twitching. The newcomers had no idea what they were facing, and when six of them charged into the room, they were met with the blazing light of Aiden’s scepter, which almost cut them in half. 
With the situation under control for the moment, Pacian grabbed the cell keys from one of the fallen men and rushed to the cells to release their friends. “Oh my god,” Aiden breathed as he stepped into the largest of the cells and saw a pile of at least ten bodies, all men from Bracksford and Coldstream who had been captured before the arrival of Aiden and the others. 
His stomach tightened at the sight of several people he recognized lying dead, with their bodies showing signs of severe beatings.
“Is that Gavin from town?” Pacian choked, holding his forearm across his mouth. The young man who had stepped up to help protect Bracksford had apparently volunteered for this dangerous assignment, and along with his companions had been captured, beaten and killed. 
Turning away from the grisly scene, Aiden saw Nellise in the same cell, chained to the bars and huddled in a corner with a look of horror on her face. Pacian dashed to her side and quickly unlocked the manacles holding her in place. Her body was wracked with sobs and after Pacian had freed her, he held her tightly. 
Her gaze appeared locked on the face of another fallen guard, Claudia from Bracksford, who, like Gavin, had shown such courage in joining up. 
“She was so brave and sweet,” Nellise said, barely able to speak as her body was wracked with turmoil. “How could they do this? How?” she asked, receiving no answer to her question.
On the other side of the cell was the prone form of Sayana, and for a heart-stopping moment, Aiden thought she might have met the same fate as the others. Quickly, he checked her pulse to make sure she was still alive, and was relieved when she groaned and stirred at his touch. He took off his heavy winter cloak and wrapped it around her shoulders. 
A “clang” against the bars drew his attention, and he saw Colt in the next cell, stripped to the waist and chained to a solid wooden chair which was now leaning against the bars, looking like he had been beaten within an inch of his life. Aiden set Sayana down against the wall and rushed to free the bloodied man from his imprisonment, grabbing the keys from Pacian on the way past while watching the entrance for sign of reinforcements.
“I don’t know how you survived that blow, Aiden,” Colt struggled to say through his broken and bloodied lips, “but you’re the most beautiful sight I’ve ever seen.” 
Aiden rattled the keys in the lock until it opened, then raised his scepter and brought it down hard on the rusty chains binding Colt to the chair, allowing the ranger to slump forward, wiping the blood from his face with the back of his hand.
Shrugging off Aiden’s attempts to help him up, the big man managed to stand, then staggered outside and kicked one of the Akorans lying on the ground. 
Across the chamber where more bodies lay, Colt looked at two in particular. Both had been stripped and beaten during the course of their interrogation, and it wasn’t a pretty sight, but no one took it worse than Colt.
“Duncan, you poor bastard,” he groaned, recognizing his fellow rangers. Duncan was almost as large as Colt, and was lying next to a small woman with red hair. “And Sally — she deserved better than to go this way. She was too young to be on the front lines, the poor kid. None of these kids should have been here.” 
“What happened to Sayana?” Aiden quietly asked.
“She tried to burn them when they brought her in,” Colt grunted, leaning up against the cell door as he wiped blood from his face. “Then they saw the tattoos all over her body, and knocked her out before she could do anything else. But Nellise, well, they shoved her in that cell and made her watch as they butchered our men, one by one.” 
In the cell, Pacian was holding Nellise in both arms as she cried, clutching at the tiny halo-ringed sword of Kylaris hanging around her neck for support. It was then that she looked up and noticed Aiden for the first time, and suddenly held her breath, thunderstruck at his apparent return from the dead.
He wanted nothing more than to get them all out of here safely and never return, but there was only one way they were going to make it out alive. 
“We have to finish what we started, or their lives will have been lost for nothing,” Aiden stated quietly. 
“What are you going to do?” Pacian asked.
“End this,” he replied coldly. He was certain the enchantments he had invoked had a limited duration, and time was rapidly running out. At that moment, he felt like he could take on an army. 
“I’m going to cut the head off this monster. Do you have any idea where Erag might be?” Aiden asked Pacian, who shook his head in reply.
“I know where to go,” Sayana whispered. “I will take you there, so that I may strike down Erag myself.”
“I too, will go,” said a deep voice from a nearby cell, across the way. Aiden turned and saw a heavyset figure standing there in the darkness, having watched the entire time. Aiden moved in for a closer look, unafraid of practically anything at the moment.
“Are you Morik Far-Eagle, the deposed chief of this band of savages?” Aiden asked, the insult intentional.
“I am, though I take no pride in their actions this day,” Morik replied sadly. “I wish to see Erag dead as much as you, though I doubt you believe me at this moment.” Aiden casually glanced behind him at the rest of his companions, conceding the point. “Erag is not the real problem, however,” Morik continued. “To free my people, you must eliminate our elder shaman, Tald Black-Tiger.”
“We met him,” Colt grunted.
“Then you understand his power,” Morik said. “He wields great influence amongst my people. His word is law in this land, and for reasons unknown to me, he changed his favor to Erag. 
“Perhaps he senses the vulnerability of your lands at this time, yes? If we work together, we can eliminate them both, and I will reclaim my place as Chief. I will then disperse the war band, and we will no longer be a threat to your people.”
 “Good enough for me,” Aiden agreed after only a moment’s hesitation, smashing open the lock with ease. 
Morik emerged from his cell. He wore only tattered rags, but from the way he moved, he was clearly an experienced warrior, and carried numerous scars on his body to prove it. He reached down and picked up a short battle spear from one of his fallen people, then looked at the pile of bodies around them with something akin to regret in his eyes. 
“Colt, if you’re able to fight, grab a weapon,” Aiden suggested. “Pace, help Nellise get moving. We can’t stay here any longer.”
“I won’t leave her side,” Pacian agreed, speaking more to Nellise than anyone else as he held her steady with one arm around her shoulders, her hand still clasping the symbol of her faith.  
“Which way do we go?” Aiden asked Morik.
“There are stairs down, beyond the next room,” Morik replied courteously. “But he has personal guards protecting him.”
“Let me deal with them,” Aiden responded, his voice heavy with determination and purpose. With Morik and Colt right behind him, the group set out along the passageway.
At the bottom of the stairwell was a large, open area, with several passages leading off. Morik pointed to the correct one and they moved in that direction, hearing the sounds of heavy, booted feet from up ahead after barely a minute of walking. 
Aiden could see as well as if it were daylight down there, but the others were stumbling along the corridor, struggling to see where they were going. The lights from up ahead helped, but unfortunately, they were being carried by a horde of their enemies.
Once they reached the next large chamber, Aiden raised his arm to stop the others and unfurled an arcane scroll. The warriors turned at the sounds of their footsteps and quickly readied their weapons. They never had the chance to use them.
Aiden began reading the scroll, raising his free arm to point at the group as he finished the incantation a heartbeat later. A massive ball of fire materialized in front of him and shot towards the assembled warriors, flying for nearly twenty feet before it detonated in the centre of their group, shaking the very foundations of the tunnels and blasting Aiden and his companions off their feet with a wave of fire. The effect upon the Akorans was far more pronounced, sending charred bodies crashing against the walls as the force of the blast shattered bones and ended lives. 
Aiden surveyed the effects of the ancient wizard’s incantation with cold disdain before moving onwards. Morik pointed in the direction they should travel and urged them to keep moving, carefully avoiding the blackened bodies of formerly-loyal warriors scattered around the stone floor. 
The passage they traveled opened out into a large chamber filled with an assortment of packages wrapped in deerskin. “What is all this?” Pacian asked. 
Morik didn’t even take a closer look before answering. “Dried rations, water skins, spare axes, bandages — everything a war band needs to keep fighting,” he said. “Erag must want to reclaim the lands of our ancestors, for there are enough supplies here to feed a thousand warriors.”
“We should destroy all of this,” Pacian hissed. “We’ll see how well their invasion goes when their bellies are empty.”
“This food was taken from the rest of my people. If we destroy it, the people will starve before the thaw,” Morik warned. “They may choose to attack out of starvation.”
“We have our target,” Aiden decided, moving through the large piles of supplies. “Leave the food; it won’t matter once their leadership is dead.”
Morik nodded his agreement and immediately pressed on through the chamber. Before Aiden could move to follow, the sounds of battle echoed from down the hallway Morik had taken. Cursing, Aiden and the others moved as quickly as they could to support their new ally, for if he perished, any plan to bring peace to this region would surely fail.

Chapter Nineteen

As Aiden rounded the corner, he saw Morik being attacked by three powerful adversaries armed with spears and axes. When Aiden moved in, he gained the attention of one, and stepped inside the reach of his great axe to engage him in close quarters. 
He shrugged aside the heavy axe and cracked his scepter right between the man’s eyes, crushing his skull in an instant. Morik ended the lives of the other two men with quick work from his spear, but he had taken a hit during the fight. 
“I will survive,” he grunted, noticing Aiden grimacing at the vicious cuts. “Erag will be ahead, and he will be ready for us, thanks to your loud entrance.”
“The loud ones are the best,” Aiden remarked, feeling unstoppable. “Are there any other corridors that lead to his chambers from here?” Morik shook his head.
 “Sy, are you there?” Aiden called, and was about to say more when the hair on the back of his neck stood upright. 
“Take cover!” he shouted, crouching to leap aside as a stroke of lightning coursed through the charged air, hitting all four of them and knocking them to the floor. They didn’t have time to recover before the terrifying visage of a giant man, his head obscured by a fearsome visored helm, roared a battle cry and drove a six-foot battle spear towards Aiden’s chest.
He barely had the clarity of thought to bring his shield across to block the attack, but he managed to do so just in time. The shield, however, was destroyed by the force of the impact, sending a shower of blue sparks into the air and leaving his spectral armor to absorb the rest of the strike. 
Aiden rolled away as the spear was drawn back by this new assailant, giving him a moment to regain his footing. During this time, Morik had risen from the floor, ignoring his wounds, and stabbed at their armored opponent with all of his might. 
Erag spat out a phrase in his native language, his helm rendering his voice hollow and cold. The only word Aiden recognized was Morik, who replied between stabs with his short spear. 
“Watch for Tald; he’s here somewhere,” Aiden warned the others as he moved in on Erag’s left flank. Together, he and Morik combined their efforts to take on the chieftain with a series of powerful blows. 
Aiden’s unnatural strength allowed him to slam the scepter into Erag with immense force, again and again, but each time it was parried harmlessly away, showing Aiden that more than brute force was needed to defeat such an experienced adversary. When he dodged one of Morik’s blows, Erag was exposed as a clear target, and Aiden seized the opportunity to invoke the scepter’s power, scorching the chief with a blast of light. Astonishingly, he seemed to ignore the searing burns across his body as he lunged at Aiden. 
The shaman, Tald Black-Tiger, had so far remained out of sight, but after witnessing Aiden’s crippling attack, he spoke for the first time, from darkness behind the fight.
“You are wielding borrowed power, boy,” he rasped, slamming the butt of his rune-covered staff into the ground. “I shall strip it from you, piece by piece.” Aiden felt a wave of coldness wash over him, and his supernatural strength drained from his muscles.
Somehow, Erag still had the strength to remain standing after the scepter blast. Looking at the big warrior, Aiden could see why. Even as he watched, Erag’s wounds were slowly healing over as a faint, misty green light danced around his body, a light that seemed to be emanating from Tald’s staff. 
Erag was suddenly engulfed in Sayana’s flames, blinding him momentarily as his howls of agony echoed through the caves. It was at this moment that an enraged Pacian appeared behind the blinded savage and drove both of his daggers into Erag’s back, finally dropping the hulking warrior.
“Insolent upstart!” Tald cried out, dismayed at the loss of his powerful ally, and raised his staff in retaliation. Aiden cringed in anticipation of another stroke of lighting, but aside from a few sparks crackling from the tip, nothing happened. 
An arrow sank into the shaman’s shoulder, staggering the old man backwards momentarily as Colt, armed with his longbow, limped into the battle. 
Nellise was behind him, clad once more in her breastplate. With tears streaming from her blackened eyes, she clutched at her crystal and whispered her prayers, holding back Tald’s attempts at summoning the elemental forces of nature. This seemed to enrage the shaman even further, and he slammed his staff onto the ground once more in an attempt to overpower Nellise’s efforts.
“No, you shall not,” she uttered with determination, again dispersing the build-up of power that threatened to end their lives, a nimbus of white light surrounding her. Colt loosed arrow after arrow at the shaman, who fell to his knees, bleeding profusely from the assault. 
It was Sayana who finished him off once and for all, embedding her thrown axe in his chest. The near-silence of the cave was broken only by the sounds of their heavy breathing, the fight having taken all they could muster. 
Aiden grimaced as the adrenaline began to dissipate, and the pain from his wounds became more noticeable. Then, overwhelmed by the sudden realization of how many people he’d slain, he fell to his knees and vomited.
When he was done, Aiden was trembling like a leaf, feeling weak and mortal once again. This wasn’t the time to dwell on what he’d just done, however; they were still in danger, and somehow had to find a way out of here.
After wiping his mouth, Aiden threaded the scepter into his belt and staggered over to Morik, who was lying against the wall, his breath coming in shallow gasps. 
“Don’t you dare die on us,” Aiden cautioned him.
“I wouldn’t dream of going back on my word,” Morik replied, a half-smile on his lips. “If you would be so kind as to put my blood back inside me, I would be very grateful.”
“We’ll see what we can do,” Aiden muttered, hiding his true feelings as he looked down at the wounded man. Colt made his way over to Morik and began wrapping a tourniquet around him to staunch the bleeding. Turning to look over at Nellise, Aiden could see that she was sitting on the floor, her face covered by her hands as she continued to weep. He had no idea what sort of strength it had taken for her to join in the fight after what she had witnessed. 
Aiden limped over and crouched down beside her, wanting to give comfort, and feeling awkward about having to ask for more from her.
“Nel, I know you’re hurting right now, but we’re in pretty bad shape,” Aiden whispered soothingly, not sure if she was even hearing his words. “I think Morik may be dying, and we need him to pull his people back from the brink of war. We need you to heal him — do you think you can do that?”
Nellise didn’t respond immediately, but sat clutching at the symbol of her faith with all her strength. Slowly, she nodded, sniffling back her tears and wiping her face with a piece of her robe. She held the crystal in her hand and began whispering her prayers. Aiden picked himself up and limped over to check on Pacian, who was sitting with his back against the wall.
“I don’t think I can do any more killing today, Aiden,” he remarked absently, sounding strange through a broken nose. “Can we go home now?” 
“That’s the plan,” Aiden mumbled, practically collapsing next to him while they awaited Nellise’s healing prayer. The faintest hint of a summer breeze wafted through the air, and everyone present took stock of what they had survived. Aiden stared at nothing, watching the images of himself during the fight flit through his mind as if he were an outsider to his own actions.
A few minutes passed, and Nellise finally slumped as the healing was completed. Aiden hoped it was enough, for they could ask no more of her this day.
“We’ve really got to get Nel back to town,” Pacian said, truly concerned about her. “She’s been through hell down here.” 
“Why don’t you go and take care of her,” Aiden advised. “I’ll check on Morik.” Pacian nodded and went to Nellise, while Aiden hoped their ally was ready to take over the leadership of his people. 
The chief, however, had more pressing concerns. “You and your people need to leave as soon as possible, for I cannot guarantee your safety until I have solidified my position as chief.”
“Will they even accept you, considering you helped kill Erag?” Aiden inquired. 
The chief answered this by moving over to Erag’s burned corpse. He shifted the head with the toe of his boot, then swung his axe to cleanly sever Erag’s head from his body.  “Yes,” Morik said flatly, placing the head on the ground for the time being. 
“Don’t forget this one, too,” Pacian remarked, pointing down at Tald’s prone form.
“I don’t think we’re going to make it out past the camps outside,” Colt grunted as Morik did his grisly work. “Could you talk to them before we leave?”
“No, but there is another exit you can take in the rear of the caves. Come, I will show you.” 
They followed him down the corridor and through to the next chamber, a smaller area than the storage room, and with many chairs strewn around the floor. Inside was a large wooden table, on which was a platter of meat and ale, along with piles of equipment taken from the Aielish forces. 
A fireplace with a metal pipe funneled smoke from the roaring fire through a square hole in the ceiling. Visible behind the smoke was a metal ladder embedded into the wall itself. 
“That ladder leads to a hidden entrance, above us, on the side of the hill,” Morik explained to Aiden as Colt gathered up some essential gear from the pile. “From there, you can travel northwest, avoiding contact with my people and returning you to safety.”
“What is all this?” Sayana asked, leafing through papers upon the table. Aiden leaned forward and saw what appeared to be a crude map, drawn in charcoal, with scrawled notes written in Aielish on accompanying sheaves of parchment. It was clearly a battle plan to take over the region, complete with supply drops and withdraw locations so extensive hit-and-run tactics could be employed. 
The mountains they were currently in were on the southern part, with a large circle around what would be the Akoran encampment. A simple drawing of a house was sketched in where Coldstream would be, and to the left of it, another representing Bracksford. 
A large arrow pointed from the Akoran base to both towns, clearly depicting their planned path of attack. From what he could discern in the notes, the battle was going to start in only a few days’ time, after another tribe of warriors arrived to support the effort from the north.
“If we’d left this much longer, they’d have stormed through the entire region,” Aiden muttered to himself, rolling up the battle plans and tucking them in under his tunic. “I think we’re done here. I hope you can settle your people down, because we really don’t need another war right now.”
“I will convince them of my legitimacy, I can assure you of that,” Morik said, giving Aiden an appraising glance. “For a warlock, you seem honorable enough, though I would one day like to see your prowess without the aid of spectral forces. My people have no love for your kind, but I thank you for your aid this day, and hope that our paths may cross again in the future.”
“Warlock? I’m not a...” Aiden started to protest, and then considered how he looked striking down their enemies with beams of light. “Okay, maybe I dabble in the arcane arts a little, but as Tald mentioned, it is borrowed power. The only real sorcerer here is Sayana, and you should be thanking her as well, particularly since she was once one of your people.” 
Morik look startled and gave the red-headed girl another shrewd look, then spoke a few words to her in his native language. “Kerik White-wolf,” she replied to his question in Aielish, “though I’m sure he believes I am dead. Do you remember the elven lady he took as a wife?”
Morik looked at her with disbelief. “You are the child who was lost to us years ago?” he breathed. “I heard you had wandered off on a hunting expedition.” 
A tear trickled down Sayana’s cheek as her emotional dam burst. Moments later, a chill wind filled the room as Colt scaled the ladder above the fireplace and found the trapdoor Morik had spoken of. 
“One of the hunters saw me performing some minor sorcery, and he struck me over the head and left me to die,” Sayana sobbed. “He said something about having kept an eye on me in case I turned out like my mother.” 
Morik nodded slowly, then turned his head at the sounds of approaching warriors. “You must go, now, but we will meet again. That, I can promise. 
“I will somehow make this right with you, Sayana, when things are peaceful again. Please, leave before you’re discovered.” 
Aiden hastened over to Nellise, who was still lying barely coherent on the cushions.  “I will take her up through the secret passage,” Sayana declared, wiping tears from her eyes as she stepped forward to lift the exhausted cleric over her shoulder. 
She struggled with the weight, but with Pacian’s help, managed to lift her over to the base of the shaft, where the wild girl somehow found a hidden reserve of strength and simply levitated them both upward through the opening. 
Although it had been cold down in the cave, the freezing air was still a slap in the face as Aiden emerged from the top of the shaft into the bleak, frigid wasteland of the High Plains. The wind had died down a great deal, and stars shone through the clouds as the foul weather slowly broke up. 
Colt pressed ahead silently, with Sayana leading them out through the rocky hillside they had used to approach the camp in the first place. 
They traveled for well over an hour before Aiden felt they had left the Akoran camp far enough behind them, feeling fortunate they had encountered no more patrols on their way out. Colt called for a quick break, and they gathered under the sparse trees that provided a modicum of shelter on the plain.
“I think we should cut across land to Bracksford,” he advised breathlessly, leaning on his greatsword as one would a staff. “It’ll save time, and Olaf and Sergeant Tara should know what’s happened as soon as possible. We’ll send word to Coldstream from there.” 
“A fair point,” Aiden agreed. “All right, northwest it is, then. We’ll find a place to rest in a couple of hours.”
With his adrenaline rush gone and the incantations dispelled, Aiden felt very, very ordinary as they continued onward. Soon, the ordeal of the past day began to catch up with him, each step forward becoming a struggle to stay upright. 
They found a small clearing in amongst the trees to set up their camp, and everyone except Aiden collapsed as soon as it was decided this was where they’d rest. Thanks to the goggles, he was able to quickly gather kindling and build a campfire by the faint moonlight above. After nearly a minute of unsuccessfully trying to light it with flint and steel, flames suddenly sprang forth from the tinder, startling Aiden, who was quite certain it wasn’t his doing.
“You might have warned me,” he admonished Sayana, who was lying on a bedroll a couple of yards away, barely visible from underneath her heavy winter cloak, with one hand extended towards the fire. 
She didn’t reply, instead closing her eyes and taking a deep breath as she drifted off to sleep, leaving Aiden to stand watch alone until morning. 

*         *          *

It was a testament to how worn out the others were that they slept right through the most beautiful sunrise Aiden had seen in months. There wasn’t a cloud in the sky, and the faint heat of the winter sun was enough to warm his face as he closed his eyes and bathed in the light. 
It had been a quiet night, without any sign of patrolling Akorans or wild animals, and Aiden was looking forward to getting some rest once they arrived at Bracksford. As the dawn brightened, he noticed they had made camp next to an old graveyard, now overgrown with vines and almost unrecognizable, save for the entrance to a mausoleum in amongst the foliage.
It was made of stone, and despite its cracked and weathered exterior seemed to be mostly intact. The clearing was a curious place to camp, and given the choice, not the location Aiden would have chosen.
He noticed Nellise was awake and peering at him with an inscrutable expression. Aiden suspected that questions concerning his apparent return from the dead would be forthcoming, and he was not disappointed.
“I saw you die,” Nellise said quietly, the first words she had spoken since they left Akoran lands.
“You saw me injured and knocked out, perhaps,” Aiden conceded, unwilling to tell anyone about his otherworldly experience. 
“You were struck right in the head, Aiden,” Nellise pressed. “Nobody survives something like that.”
“I’m not going to contest that point,” he shrugged, poking at the fire with a large stick. “But I have a perfectly reasonable explanation for my reappearance.”
“There’s no need to explain it; I already know the answer.”
“You do?”
“Yes, God sent you back to save us.” 
Aiden blinked, caught off guard by her answer and unsure if he should attempt to correct her. Then he realized what the look had been about — absolute faith. She thought she was looking upon an angel, or something similar, sent by God to pull them out of hell, and it was this knowledge that was allowing her to deal with the ordeal she’d endured. 
“I’m not really sure what happened,” he lied. “I woke up in the snow, and I knew I had to try and save you all. It was only with the aid of the relics I’d recovered from Ferrumgaard that I could pull off that rescue, though. I wonder what Clavis would have thought of it?” 
“I can’t speak for the dead,” she mused, “but I think you certainly honored his memory. Thank you, Aiden. I don’t want to think about what would have become of us if you hadn’t...” 
Nellise’s veneer of control crumbled, and she visibly recoiled from the memories of so many dead. A look of such pain twisted her face that Aiden didn’t know what to do. 
Pacian had stirred during their conversation, and upon seeing her suffering, moved to comfort her. “Don’t touch me,” she gasped, pulling back from his outstretched hand, wrapping the cloak tightly around herself and stumbling off into the nearby bushes. 
“This is exactly what I was talking about,” Pacian muttered, a dark expression on his face. “She went in there expecting tea and crumpets, and look what those bastards did to our people. Well, from now on, I’m doing things my way, whether she likes it or not. Excuse me, nature’s calling,” he added, stalking off into another part of the camp.
“That’s not gonna go well,” Colt remarked, unimpressed with Pacian’s attitude. “But enough about that. How the hell did you do all that fancy sorcery last night, anyway? And Nel’s right; you were stone dead after that axe hit you.”
“I ... met an old acquaintance,” Aiden replied evasively, glancing meaningfully at Sayana, who was watching the whole scene with interest from under her cloak. “He is a master of healing, and was able to get me back on my feet. 
“As for the sorcery, well, as I told Nel, it all came from Ferrumgaard. That old wizard saved our lives with his little stash of scrolls, not to mention this thing,” he added, hefting the scepter. 
“Show me that,” Sayana asked in her usual peremptory fashion. Aiden walked over and handed it to her, watching with interest as she stared at it for a long minute. “I thought as much,” she whispered to herself.
“What is it?” Aiden asked cautiously. 
“Its power is depleted,” she answered, handing the scepter back to him. “You have been channeling power to it all along. Amazing.”
“I’d really like to know how I’m managing to do this,” he replied. “Maybe I can ask the dragon.” 
Sayana glanced over at Colt, who was starting to cook breakfast over the fire, then grabbed Aiden by the shoulder and pulled him closer. “Did it speak of me?” she whispered harshly, looking him straight in the face. 
“I – yes, actually,” he sputtered, caught off guard by her sudden intensity. “I asked why it attacked you in the dream, and it seemed angry when I mentioned you, saying that you were not invited.”
Sayana continued looking at him for a long, searching moment, then reached up and touched the shard hanging around Aiden’s neck. She instantly flinched in pain, shaking her hand from what seemed to be a mild burn. He looked at her hand and indeed, saw a small red welt where she had touched the shard.
“Something is wrong,” she whispered, staring in to Aiden’s eyes. “You’re different, somehow. I don’t know what it is. Something is ... missing.” 
The hairs on the back of Aiden’s neck stood on end at this, and he didn’t know how to respond. Sayana backed away from him a little, looking coiled and ready to run away at a moment’s notice.
“Sy, it’s me,” Aiden insisted, scarcely believing her reaction. “I don’t feel any different, I don’t think any different. I’m the same man I was yesterday.”
“That creature has taken a part of you as payment,” she hissed. “You may not feel it now, but eventually you will find out what it took. You have become its puppet, Aiden, and I’m not sure I can trust you.” 
She turned and stormed out of the clearing, leaving Aiden to stand there confused. “What’s all that about?” Colt asked from nearby.
“I wish I knew,” Aiden replied, genuinely mystified as he looked off into the foliage where Sayana had vanished.

Chapter Twenty

As the morning wore on, the group breakfasted on some of the preserved meat Colt had taken from the Akoran supplies. They ate in silence, partly because they were hungry and exhausted, but also because recent events continued to drive them apart. 
Concerned about Nellise’s continued absence, Aiden left the camp to look around for her. After a few minutes of searching through the bushes and sparse trees that dotted the landscape, he found her kneeling on the other side of the mausoleum. 
She looked bedraggled as she gazed up at the stone structure before her with wide, red-rimmed eyes while clutching her tiny sword amulet in one hand. Moving closer, Aiden realized she was praying.
It was a peaceful scene, a moment of quiet reflection after the chaotic times they’d gone through in recent days. Aiden stood a few yards away, idly pondering Sayana’s words and what she could have meant, until Nellise spoke up.
“Why us?” she asked quietly, still looking up at the mausoleum. 
“Excuse me?” Aiden blurted, having taken a moment to realize she was talking to him.
“Of all the people who could have dealt with this problem, why did it have to be us?” Nellise clarified. 
Aiden thought for a minute before answering. “There’s a power vacuum in this country now, as we’ve learned in our travels,” he explained. “I didn’t realize the peace of the kingdom was such a fragile thing, but there it is. Take away nearly all of the people keeping us safe, and we find out what it was they were keeping us safe from. Someone has to step into that gap, I suppose; it’s the way of things.
“I read a saying during my research,” he continued after a moment’s pause, “from a wise man who lived so long ago his name has been forgotten. ‘Nature abhors a vacuum,’ he said. 
“If we hadn’t done it, maybe the Akorans would have taken over. Maybe callous noblemen like Ronald Bartlett would have divided up the kingdom for themselves. We were in the right place at the right time to make a difference. Mind you, I’d be the first to admit that we were in way over our heads.”
“That is an understatement,” Nellise whispered, wiping a tear from her cheek and turning to look directly at Aiden with knowing eyes. “The price was too high, though, for all of us. I saw Pacian’s face when you were fighting those men. I have rarely seen such unbridled savagery, even in the barbarians we fought.”
“Of course he was angry; he cares about you,” Aiden protested. “I would have thought you’d appreciate a little righteous anger, given the situation. I was filled with it myself, as it happens.” 
Nellise put her healing crystal back into its pouch and retrieved a small selection of herbs, as well as a mortar and pestle. “There is a difference between righteousness and enjoying the slaughter,” she admonished him, while grinding the herbs together. “I fear Pace has come to an important decision, and despite my best efforts to show him a better way, he has chosen a dark road to walk.” 
Aiden remained silent, finding the bleak assessment of his closest friend a little too discomfiting. “You seemed to be praying when I arrived,” he eventually said, as a way of changing the subject. “Does this place hold some special significance to you?”
“The grounds have been sanctified and blessed,” Nellise breathed. “I am praying for the souls of all those who were murdered in that cave.” 
Colt, Pacian and Sayana entered the clearing at that moment, packed and ready to go.  “I don’t mean to rush you or anything,” Colt grunted, “but we’re all pretty eager to get back to town.”
“Gather around, and I shall take care of those bruises you seem to enjoy complaining about.”
“You seem a little better than before,” Pacian observed hopefully, sitting close to her, but wary about sitting too close. 
“I’m trying to deal with the issue, with God’s help,” she informed him tiredly. Her eyes seemed to stare at nothing for a long, still moment, and then she added, “I’ll survive, but I think my days of traveling with you are over. I shall be returning to the chapterhouse at Culdeny after I rest up in Bracksford, and fall back into a normal life of hard work and prayer. This life of adventure has lost its appeal.”
“I don’t think any of us would dispute your decision,” Aiden said soberly, as Nellise took out her crystal in preparation for healing prayers, despite her fatigue. “If there’s anything we can do to help, you only have to ask.”
Sayana remained a source of troubling thoughts for Aiden. She was obviously keeping her distance from him, leaving him to ponder her earlier words as they traveled. 
Was she correct in assuming the dragon had turned him into some kind of puppet? It had mentioned there was something important to be done if he traveled to Fairloch, the capital of Aielund, but it hadn’t elaborated on the nature of the task. 
Once they set out, it wasn’t long before the terrain around them transformed from the snow-covered hills of the south to the open plains of Bracksfordshire’s farmlands. The sky remained clear for the rest of the day, and although a modicum of warmth from the winter sun was shining down, none of them could truly enjoy it after what they’d just lived through.
Bracksfordshire was renowned for remaining clear of snow, even in the depths of winter, while the surrounding lands were covered in a thick, white blanket. A quirk of the weather patterns kept the farms producing food all year round, making it one of the most important regions in the kingdom, referred to as Aielund’s breadbasket. 
It was just as the sun was beginning to sink below the horizon that, under the wary eyes of the local militia, they arrived at Bracksford’s eastern gate. Clearly, Aiden and his companions had been recognized as they approached, for the gate swung wide before they reached it, and Tara, accompanied by several of her men, waited within. 
“Glad to see you made it back in one piece,” she welcomed them. “Where are the rest?” 
Aiden held his silence for a moment, unable to find the words to express what they had seen. Tara was able to guess why he held his tongue, and she lowered her head in dismay.
“All of them?” she whispered, drawing a nod from Aiden. Behind him, he could hear Nellise crying softly.
 “We were ambushed on the way in,” Aiden explained with a heavy heart. “The rest of your people had already been captured, and were killed shortly thereafter. We were lucky to make it out alive. 
“But we did what we set out to do. Erag Black-Tiger is dead, and Morik Far-Eagle is attempting to reclaim power. Without any other challengers, he should be successful. 
“Even if he fails, they’ll be so disorganized I doubt they’ll be any trouble, for the time being at least. You should send word to Coldstream as soon as you’re able. Oh, and we stole a map of their plans, by the way; take a look.” 
He pulled out the rolled-up sheet of parchment and handed it over to the sergeant.  “This is incredible, Aiden,” she breathed, not so much at the map, but the overall scale of their accomplishment. 
“At least our people didn’t die in vain. It looks like the Akorans wanted to move in, instead of destroying the town itself. Fair enough, I suppose; it must be hard, living down there in the mountains all year round. It also says something here about another group coming in from the north?”
“I noticed that too,” Colt interjected. “Damn generous of them to write it down in Aielish. I think they were going to try a flanking maneuver, but since they’ve lost their leadership, I doubt that’s going to happen now.”
“I’ll have my people keep an eagle eye out anyway,” she replied, her voice heavy with grief. “I’ll also notify the families of those who fell. If things settle down in Akora, I’ll advise that we should send someone down there to make contact and see if we can retrieve the bodies of our people for burial.”
“You might have to wait a few weeks, but their families will appreciate it,” Colt advised. 
“Thanks again for your efforts,” Tara continued while she glanced at each of them. “You all look like you’ve been through hell.”
“You have no idea,” Aiden muttered, finding the effort to keep standing more difficult with each passing second. 
“Let’s get you back to the inn. I’ll go debrief the mayor after he’s finished talking with Princess Criosa.”
“The princess is here?” Aiden asked Tara incredulously.
“Yes; didn’t he mention an important personage was coming through town from Fort Highmarch soon?”
“I vaguely remember something about that being mentioned,” Aiden said, “but I didn’t realize that’s who he meant.”
“Well, it’s a good thing we stopped the Akorans, then,” Pacian said. “Imagine if they’d come through here tomorrow morning, while we had bloody royalty staying in town.” 
Everyone was silent for a moment as this hastily-blurted opinion was digested. A terrible feeling welled up within Aiden as his foggy mind started putting things together. 
“Why would the Akorans write in Aielish?” he mumbled, glancing at Colt.
“They wouldn’t,” the ranger answered slowly, with both men realizing they were missing something very important.
Tara suddenly stiffened and gasped, then staggered forward. A trickle of blood escaped her lips before she toppled face-first into the ground. The horror of the moment didn’t instantly register for any of the militia, but Aiden noticed the crossbow bolt embedded in her back and quickly drew his sword. 
At that moment, all hell broke loose in Bracksford, as crossbow bolts started flying through the air, taking down the militia in rapid succession. A cry of alarm went up, and the remaining militia moved to respond. 
Looking around frantically for the archers, Aiden spied seven men crouched near one of the houses lining the road through town, their crossbows sending a steady stream of bolts into the surprised defenders. 
The men were wearing chainmail armor, full-face helmets, and tabards emblazoned with the symbol of a great cat. Until that moment, Aiden had been paralyzed with shock and fatigue, but now he realized who was attacking — the mercenaries of the Steel Tigers, under the command of Robert Black. 
The militia, devoid of leadership, began shooting bolts at random at the attackers. The enemy’s shots were far more accurate and deadly, dropping four men and women of the town guard where they stood. 
Sayana blasted a stream of fire at the mercenaries, torching one of them and forcing the others to pull back. Aiden and Colt, thinking alike, took advantage of the diversion to join the militia advancing on the enemy. With their combined assault, they finished off the remaining soldiers in a furious exchange of blows, then paused for a moment’s breath and took stock of the situation.
The sounds of screaming women and children echoed down the street, but the remaining militia nearby were engaging more soldiers. Colt swapped out his greatsword for the longbow and began to string it, while Sayana began to glow softly as she wreathed her body in a shimmering layer of spectral armor, much like the kind Aiden had invoked in the caves.
Looking back at the gate, Aiden saw that Pacian was comforting Nellise, who was crouched on the ground next to Tara, her hands over her face and clearly distraught. Aiden rushed back over to Tara’s side and gently turned her over. Her eyes gazed vaguely ahead as she slipped away. 
“Get ... to the ... inn,” Tara whispered with her last breath. Nellise was in tears as she used her fingers to gently close Tara’s eyelids while they took a brief moment to mourn her passing. 
Aiden moved closer, using his body to shield them while his weary brain tried to formulate a plan of action. Colt was aiding the town defenders where he could, loosing arrows at opportune targets.
“What the hell is going on here?” Pacian asked loudly, as if expecting the world itself to answer.
“We have to get to the inn and secure it,” Aiden replied, his voice sounding distant from exhaustion. “Nel, I hate to ask this, but we need you to focus. Innocent people are dying here; do you understand?” 
The distraught young woman looked up and nodded silently, her eyes rimmed with red.
“I could use some support over here!” Colt yelled, evidently running low on arrows. “Keep together and support each other; don’t let them divide us up. These are professional soldiers, not a bunch of morons.”
“Don’t be so sure about that,” Pacian warned cynically. “They may surprise you.” 
Aiden ignored him and pressed forward, charging into a small group of mercenaries who were cutting down twice their number in overwhelmed militia fighters. Able to provide little more than a distraction, he swept his scepter back and forth, striking armor more than flesh. 
Two of them turned to engage, forcing Aiden to keep them busy by heaving his weapon back and forth in broad swings, buying Pacian time to get into position. With his daggers flashing, he stabbed each of them in the back through the gaps in their armor, making short work of the unsuspecting warriors, and then both he and Aiden crouched low when they spotted Nellise aiming in their direction, unleashing a stream of crossbow bolts into the remaining mercenaries. 
The militia fighters were upon them in a flash, taking advantage of the diversion to overwhelm the soldiers, who were being struck from two flanks. 
“Keep moving towards the inn!” Aiden cried aloud, hoping the militia would recognize the order and assist him and his companions in reaching that goal. The main street ahead of them was a scene of chaos in the dim twilight, with townsfolk trying to get to safety and wounded defenders struggling to aid them. 
As much as Aiden wanted to intercede in every engagement, he knew the real prize was Princess Criosa Roebec, the king’s only heir. Killing or even kidnapping a member of the royal family would have far-reaching ramifications. 
They pressed on, moving down the mud-filled street as fast as they could manage, with Aiden trying to ignore his screaming muscles. A townsman trying to defend his wife and child from a mercenary who had burst into their home cried out for help and received it, as Nellise and Colt sent arrows and bolts to cut down the enemy in short order. 
“Barricade the door, and do not come out until this is over!” Aiden shouted over the din of screams and bloodshed as he slammed the front door and kept running for the inn. The smell of smoke started to fill the air, and the glow of fires could be seen against the twilight sky as they moved onward, until they finally spotted the Bracksfordshire Arms Inn just up the street. 
Four mercenaries were holding the front of the inn as militia crossbowmen attempted to cut them down. The soldiers held their shields locked together, providing a wall to protect them against attack. Sensing time was of the essence, Aiden raised his magical scepter and spoke the command word.
A beam of brilliant light seared the mercenaries as he swept it across their armored bodies. Screams and smoke drifted into the air as their defense crumbled, leaving them open to attack from the militia. With Colt and Nellise adding their own weaponry to the task, the four mercenaries were quickly eliminated.
The door to the inn was shut as Aiden and the others hurried forward. Colt crashed into the door shoulder first, but there were others inside holding it shut. The big man roared as he slammed his shoulder into the door once again, then stepped back and brought his sword to bear. 
The others stood back as Colt sent great chunks of wood flying with each hit. The sound of screaming from inside could be heard even over the din, and Colt redoubled his efforts. With a great roar, he brought the door down, revealing the dimly-lit interior of the entryway beyond. 
What was beyond the door, however, was not a group of mercenaries waiting to strike down whoever entered. There were three of them on the ground, bleeding from numerous wounds and no longer a threat. 
Aiden cautiously moved into the common room, glancing around at the faces of the frightened townsfolk, men and women he had come to know over the time he had spent here, clutching each other in shocked silence. 
To his left, he saw the innkeeper, Tom, leaning against the wall, sporting some nasty bruises on his face. His daughter, Aislin, huddled underneath a table nearby, her eyes wide with fright, having witnessed whatever had been done to her father and been powerless to do anything about it. 
Before him, Aiden saw the mayor sitting at a bar stool, mopping his brow with a piece of cloth. Next to him, a large, bearded man wearing heavy armor and the colors of the Kingdom Guard sat, blood dripping from his helmet as he struggled to stay upright. Other armored men lay around on the floor — some mercenaries, some king’s men who had clearly fought hard to protect their charge and paid with their lives. Of the princess, there was no sign.
“Mister Wainwright, this is terrible ... terrible,” Olaf gasped, overcome with fear from the unexpected assault on the town. “They attacked without warning and took her!”
“They took the princess?” Aiden asked. “Where did they take her? Get a hold of yourself, man.”
“They went out the back door, just past Captain Marshald,” Olaf sputtered, pointing at the rear entrance while trying to regain his composure. Colt and the others had come in behind Aiden, dismayed at the sight before them. Nellise set aside her crossbow and went straight for the wounded officer sitting next to the mayor. She slowly started removing his helmet to examine his injuries.
“How is he?” Aiden asked Nellise.
“He has suffered a serious head wound,” she replied distractedly. “Give me a minute to see what I can do.”
“You have to get her back,” the officer said, his voice slurred. “This whole thing ... must have been planned long in advance. Someone is making a move against the throne.” 
Aiden glanced at his companions and saw a daunted look upon their faces.
“You need to lie down, Captain,” Nellise advised the soldier. “Right away, if you please.”
“It is my duty to protect the Princess, and I will do so while I still draw breath,” he replied stoically.
“If you don’t lie down, you won’t be breathing much longer,” the acolyte insisted. Marshald gave her a bleary look and then relented. While Nellise set about treating his injury, a young woman wearing the armor and cloak of the town militia stumbled in through the door and saluted nobody in particular. 
“Forget the formalities,” Olaf muttered. “If you have something to say, out with it.” 
“The enemy has been pushed out of the town,” she explained. “We’ve lost twenty of the twenty-five guards, including Sergeant Redfurn.”
“What’s your name?” Colt asked gently, after noticing that the woman was still trembling.
“Private Mathilda,” she replied, in the strict cadence of one addressing a superior officer. Aiden guessed that was all she had to hold on to.
“Congratulations, Private, you’re now a Sergeant,” Colt continued. “Take a deep breath, then get out there and make sure the injured are treated. Then post guards on all the gates and report any further movement back here.”
“Yes sir,” Mathilda said with a quick salute. She took a breath as ordered, which restored a little color to her face, then hurried back out the door.
“You don’t have the authority to promote someone in the town militia,” Olaf pointed out, though his expression suggested he regretted doing so almost immediately.
“Do you think I give a shit what you think?” Colt spat. “She got the orders she needed to keep going. You can demote her after I’m gone.” 
A moment of silence fell over the room as they all took a moment to grasp what had just happened to the once-peaceful town. “Those were Robert Black’s mercenaries,” Colt stated. “How the hell did they get into the town without going through the gates?” 
Though Aiden’s mind was sluggish with exhaustion, he knew the answer to this question. “They dug in under the wall,” he informed them, “just like they tried in Culdeny.”
“Of course,” Pacian sighed. “They must have been digging for weeks.” 
“It seems coincidental they attacked just when the Akorans were going to, also,” Sayana added. “Wait — show me that battle plan you took from Erag, Aiden.” 
He took the rolled-up plans from inside his tunic and handed them over to her, wondering what she wanted with them. The wild girl unfurled the parchment and took a closer look at it.
“If one of my people wrote this, it would not have been in Aielish,” she said, confirming what Aiden has suspected earlier. “This plan wasn’t made by Akorans; it was given to them, to coordinate with the warriors who came here this day.” 
Aiden smacked his forehead for missing that little clue, as the answers to the events of the past few days were starting to crystalize. 
“You’re all wasting time,” Marshald said from down on the floor, cutting off any further discussion of this new information. “Go and rescue Princess Criosa from her captors, or their plans, whatever they are, will succeed.” 
He tried to stand up, but his legs gave out beneath him. “You’re lucky to be alive, Captain,” Nellise warned. “I have healed the wound as best as I can, but you will require days of rest before you will fully recover.”
“He will be cared for, miss,” Olaf assured her. “You have to leave immediately.”
“We only just returned from a harrowing mission down into Akoran territory,” Nellise protested with a trembling voice, her resolve starting to wither. “You have no idea just how badly things went for us down there...”
“I can see that it must have been very difficult for you,” Olaf admitted. “But this is an emergency. The town has been devastated by this attack, and if you had not returned when you did, I doubt any of us would be alive to have this conversation. I implore you, do as the captain says and pursue Criosa’s captors, or the people behind all of this might succeed in whatever nefarious plans they have in play.”
Aiden looked around at his weary friends. They were wounded, tired, and traumatized, but no one disagreed with the mayor’s assessment. Reluctantly, he knew there was only one answer he could give.
“Very well,” he sighed, feeling exhaustion in his bones like he’d never felt before. “We will go, but we’ll need supplies.”
“Take what you need from here,” Tom offered and, as if on cue, Aislin scrambled out from under the table to start collecting bread, cheese and sausages into a sack. 
“I’m going to need more crossbow bolts,” Nellise murmured absently, resigned once again to her fate. She started looking around at the fallen mercenaries for spare bolts, while Colt did the same, looking for arrows. 
“The princess and her contingent rode here on horses, which are still in the stable,” Tom informed them. “I don’t think she’d mind if you borrowed them for a while.”
“Fantastic, because I don’t think I can walk another step,” Pacian said with relief. 
“They went out this door here, yes?” Colt called from across the room. Olaf nodded, and the big ranger responded by kicking the door off its hinges. With his sword drawn, he stepped outside into the near-darkness of early evening, with Aiden and the others quickly gathering their gear before following him outside. 
“Please save her,” Aislin begged, looking up to Aiden as she handed him a sack full of food. “She was nice to me, and didn’t deserve to be dragged off by those bad men.”
“Don’t worry,” Aiden assured the little girl with a resigned sigh. “Apparently, this is what I do for a living.”

Chapter Twenty-One

It only took them a few minutes to find the concealed tunnel entrance — a covered hole in the ground, cunningly hidden near some bushes close to the wall. Their departing enemies had left deep boot prints in the thick mud, and even the small light provided by Nellise’s prayer was sufficient to allow the ranger to follow them.
“They must have been in a hurry,” Colt muttered. “That, or they’re stupid. Either way works for me.”
“Fine; just don’t go down there until I take a look,” Pacian advised, waiting for Nellise to finish healing a cut to his arm before cautiously approaching the hole. “No sign of any trip lines. If they’ve lain in some traps, I can’t see them.”
“I do not find that reassuring,” Sayana said, watching the proceedings with impatience before making a small noise of frustration and promptly climbing into the hole. Nearly a minute passed in tense silence before she signaled that it was clear below.
“They’ve left a ladder down here. Just give me a moment to prop it up.”
“I’ll go first,” Colt grunted. “If they’ve got people watching this end of the tunnel, she isn’t going to give them much of a fight. Nel, you and Pacian get the horses from the stables and meet us at the bridge. I’m willing to bet this tunnel doesn’t go past the river.”
“Are you okay with this?” Aiden asked Nellise, who stood next to him wrapped in the thick winter cloak that was her only real protection against the cold.
“I’m doing my best,” she replied in a quiet voice. “There’s been so much death, so much killing that I never thought humanity capable of. However,” she added, pre-empting Aiden’s next comment, “the thought of Princess Criosa in the hands of the men who attacked the town fills me with anger such as I have never known. I will not rest until she is freed, though I fear for her safety in the interim.”
“Okay. Hang in there,” Aiden consoled her, wishing he could take away her pain. 
“You too,” she replied as she and Pacian hurried off to the stables. Colt carefully stepped onto the proffered ladder and slowly made his way down, with Aiden following him moments later.
The digging of this tunnel was quite an impressive feat, given it had been done without anyone in town noticing. It was easily twenty feet deep, and wide enough for two armored men to stand shoulder to shoulder. Wooden buttresses were set up at regular intervals to provide additional support, and the smell of damp earth was strong, while the sounds of dripping water in the distance gave the tunnel an eerie atmosphere. A small flame danced in Sayana’s palm, providing them with light.
“They’re not that far ahead of us,” Colt grunted, crouched near the ground to read the footprints in the earth. “It appears as though eight of ’em escaped from the town. The princess is being dragged, from the looks of these heavy marks. She’s not giving up without a fight.”
“I don’t know much about construction,” Aiden muttered, “but something tells me this tunnel wasn’t built to last." 
“If it’s the same quality as the tunnel at Culdeny, we should probably get out of here as soon as possible,” Colt agreed. 
The tunnel continued on for fifty yards, when they abruptly came to the end of the passageway. Sayana was crouched beneath another hole, much like the entry back in town.
“No ladder,” she whispered. “They may have left a few men behind to ambush anyone coming through.”
“Kill the light,” Aiden whispered. She nodded and the glimmer vanished, leaving them shrouded in darkness aside from the thin sliver of moonlight coming down from the evening skies. “Sy, could you fly up there and check it out?" 
“Good idea,” Colt added. “Here, take this rope and tie it to something big.” She silently took the rope and quietly spoke an invocation. Her glowing tattoos momentarily lit up the immediate area of the tunnel, though the writhing light faded after a few seconds, returning them to darkness. Her shadow passing across the moonlight was the only indication of her upwards movement through the shaft. 
“All clear,” Sayana called a couple of minutes later, as the welcome sight of a rope tumbled down to them. Colt was the first one up, disappearing over the lip of the tunnel in a matter of moments, while Aiden had a little more trouble negotiating his way out. The tunnel had been excavated with trees and scrub providing cover from the walls of Bracksford and would have been difficult to find in the darkness.
“Can you see any tracks in this light?” Aiden whispered to his companions.
“Vaguely, though not with any great detail,” Sayana whispered back.
“Here, put these on,” Aiden said, taking the lenses from his head and offering them to Colt. The big man took the proffered device and strapped it on.
“These are bloody impressive,” he grunted with amazement. “It’s almost as bright as an overcast day out here.” He spent a moment looking around at their surroundings before focusing on the mess of tracks at their feet. “They’re heading north-east, across the river, which I could have told you even without these things.”
“What lies in that direction?” Sayana wondered.
“The town of Lachburne,” Colt answered.
“Could they be using it as a base?” Aiden mused aloud. 
“Only if the mercs took control of it,” Colt answered. “We’ll have to follow the tracks and see what we see. Sy, light up and go find Nellise. We need those horses.” 
“No need,” Pacian said as he and Nellise emerged from the scrub a short distance away, with five magnificent horses in tow. “We followed the sound of your voices. I take it we’re safe for the moment?”
“The remaining captors will be traveling fast and light,” Colt explained. “We have to keep going if we don’t want to lose them.”
“I feel like I could collapse right now,” Pacian said, lowering his head in resignation. 
“I couldn’t agree more,” Nellise mumbled, “but I can’t stop thinking about Criosa in the hands of those mercenaries.” She opened one of her pouches and produced her mortar and pestle.
“Oh no,” Pacian groaned. “Not that energy concoction again.”
“It’s the only way we’re going to keep on our feet,” Nellise sighed, sounding less than thrilled by the prospect of using the bitter-tasting tonic once more. “When it runs out, we’ll want to be somewhere we can rest.”
“Yes, I vividly recall what it felt like after it had run its course,” Aiden grumbled. Nellise ground the substance into a powder, then added some water and gave each of them a drink. Aiden shuddered after swallowing the foul stuff, which reminded him of the smell of swamp water. 
“Guh,” Pacian exclaimed, walking around in circles a few times after drinking his share.
“Quit complaining and mount up,” Colt growled, giving Pacian a shove as he moved past. “Honestly, I’ve had a gutful of your bellyaching.”
Aiden caught Sayana’s attention while the others were taking a closer look at the horses. Looking at her long, curly red hair and large sad eyes, Aiden felt a longing to reach out and hold her close.
“Are we okay?” Aiden asked her tentatively. She gave him a curious look; then her expression hardened as she realized what he was referring to. 
“This is not the time or place to discuss it,” Sayana answered distantly.
“Just ... give me something.”
“You died, Aiden,” she hissed under her breath. “No one comes back from that without being changed. I feel like you never returned from Akora. A dragon always takes its price. You will find out what it took from you someday, and only then will you understand.” Without waiting for an answer, she headed over to join the others. 
Sayana’s response left Aiden in a state of emotional limbo. He wasn’t sure there was anything else between them, aside from physical attraction, but he would have liked to find out. Pushing these thoughts to the back of his weary mind, he climbed into the saddle.
Aiden was far from an expert on horses, but knew enough to realize these were quality mounts from the finest stables in Aielund. 
“I don’t know how to ride,” Sayana pointed out to the others when confronted with the last remaining horse, a white mare. Colt wordlessly grabbed her hand and pulled her up onto the back of his saddle. They sat upon a roan charger, a trained warhorse probably belonging to Captain Marshald, and the largest Aiden had ever seen. 
They forded the river at one of its shallower points and waited a minute while Colt confirmed the direction of the tracks. With the trail obvious, they rode for the next hour or so, following a path set by Colt’s silhouette against the clear moonlight. The trees of the forest passed by on their left, and by the time the tonic had run its course, they had travelled far to the north of Bracksford with no sign of their prey. 
Aiden’s head felt like it was going to split open, and his muscles ached. The others must have felt the same, because nobody objected to resting for a few hours. Although cold, they didn’t dare light a fire, in case it was spotted by prying eyes watching for signs of pursuit. Aiden wrapped himself up in his winter blanket as best he could and promptly fell into a deep sleep.

*          *          *

They continued their pursuit after dawn, having unenthusiastically downed a simple cold breakfast of cheese and bread. With the foul weather of the last few weeks finally behind them, the cloudless sky above was a welcome sight. Colt paused every half-mile or so to make sure they were still on course, and the news was good.
“We’re not far behind now,” he explained. “The tracks are fresh, so they had to stop overnight as well. If we push hard, we can catch them before the day is out.” Giving their horses full reign to blaze a trail across the wide plains, the group settled into the pursuit. 
As they sun began to sink towards the horizon, Colt altered their course a little to continue on the path he followed.
“We’re closing in, and it looks like they’ve gone to somewhere on the western edge of Lachburne,” he explained when they walked the horses for a time. “Maybe there’s some local forces hidden there that they’ve hooked up with. We’ll find out shortly.”
Just after sunset, they came to the fallow vineyards of Lachburne, where they called a halt and dismounted, for their horses were lathered in sweat and almost exhausted. Deciding to leave their mounts there, they proceeded on foot, with Colt following the trail around to the western edge of town. The smell of wood smoke permeated the air, and from here, at least, everything in Lachburne seemed perfectly normal.
With Colt using Aiden’s lenses to follow the trail, they eventually wound their way through the streets to a large manor house on the northern side of Lachburne. It was a sprawling, single-story affair with extensive gardens on every side. Every window glowed with warm light, and nothing seemed amiss — until Colt spotted men dressed in the livery of the Steel Tigers patrolling the grounds. 
“Two men at the rear entrance, two at the front, probably more inside,” the ranger whispered after a minute of careful observation. “We’ve definitely found their base.”
“Now for the fun part,” Pacian purred, gripping the hilt of his dagger.
“I’m inclined to think the rear entrance will be easier,” Colt said. 
“Perhaps a distraction would allow us to move inside undetected?” Sayana suggested. 
“I was thinking that too,” Pacian agreed. “Aiden, throw a rock at the wall when we’re in position, and we’ll take the guards out as quietly as we can. When they’re down, catch up to us.”
“Can do,” Aiden agreed, blindly feeling around on the ground until he grasped a fist-sized rock that would do the job nicely. Colt and Pacian crept forward silently, keeping low as they moved to the wall. Sayana kept a close eye on their progress, for neither Aiden nor Nellise could see them in the darkness.
“They’re in position,” the sorceress whispered. Aiden hefted the rock, took aim at a distant part of the stone wall, and heaved it for all he was worth. It sailed invisibly through the air, leaving them in suspense as to the accuracy of his throw until it struck the wall with a loud crack.
“I think it’s working,” Sayana advised Aiden. “They’ve moved away from the back entrance.” The sound of a scuffle could be heard, followed by the muffled grunt of someone being hit in the head. Sayana grabbed Nellise and Aiden by the shoulders and led them forward, creeping through the garden until they arrived at the door. 
Colt was disposing of the unconscious guards under a nearby bush, while Pacian worked his magic on the lock. Within moments he had the door open, and with weapons drawn, the small group crept inside. 
The passage beyond was dimly lit, with a pair of lanterns hanging in the hallway. They continued forward silently until they reached a door. Pacian placed his ear to it, listening for any sound beyond. Satisfied it was safe, he very carefully opened the door and led them inside.
“Looks like a study,” Aiden whispered, stepping into the room. Two cluttered desks sat against the far wall, and another door beckoned to their left.
“I hear voices,” Sayana warned under her breath, standing ready with one hand resting on her axe. Aiden moved towards the other door until he, too, could hear the muffled sounds of people talking. He put an ear to the door while the rest of the group moved into position.
“Can you hear what they’re saying?” Nellise whispered. “I can’t make it out.”
“Not quite,” Aiden replied, and was gently pushed aside by Sayana. With her ear to the door, she began whispering what she heard for the benefit of the others.
“‘...not part of the plan, Culdeny isn’t important,’ one man said. Another is replying... ‘Do you think they will simply let us walk in there with Criosa tied up, and allow us to board a ship? Securing Culdeny is paramount to our success, so follow your commander’s orders.’ Oh no,” Sayana added, catching Aiden’s eye with her own piercing orbs.
“What is it?” Aiden hissed, sensing something amiss.
“The way that man is talking is very familiar ... I know that voice.”
“Who do you think it is?” Aiden asked in trepidation.
“That man from the Gentleman’s Club in Culdeny. Ronald Bartlett.”
“Heh, figures,” Colt grunted, a little too loudly for Aiden’s liking.
“I think they heard that,” Sayana gasped. 
She pulled back from the door and preparing her protective magics. Aiden, for his part, drew his scepter and reflexively kicked the door in before anyone could come through it. 
He locked eyes with Bartlett, in the center of the room, with five armored men running towards them. Aiden only caught a glimpse of the room beyond, but immediately noticed an ornate door directly across the twenty-foot space and a hallway to the right. The five mercenaries would be on them in moments, and he braced himself for a fight. 
Before he could engage, Aiden was suddenly pulled to the side and replaced in the doorway by Colt, or more specifically, Colt’s blade. The big ranger leveled it at the charging warriors, who abruptly changed direction at the last moment to avoid a painful collision. They parted to either side of the five-foot sword, allowing Pacian to dart through the doorway. 
Bartlett, on the other side of the room, bolted for the far door. “Hold them!” a mercenary officer shouted to his men, then followed the startled businessman as he ran down the hallway. Pacian slammed into the front door and quickly locked it, preventing the two guards on the front porch from joining in the fight. 
As this was happening, Colt charged forward, crashing shoulder-first into two of the men, who fell onto the floor in a pile. Aiden followed him through, but didn’t stop to fight anyone. He ran straight between the disorganized mercenaries and set off in pursuit of Bartlett and his escort. 
Somewhere in this house Princess Criosa was being held, and it was a fair bet to assume the corrupt businessman was heading there as fast as possible to kill her or use her as a hostage.
The hallway was dimly candlelit, not enough to make out fine detail, but more than sufficient to see the silhouettes of the men fleeing before him. Aiden was closing the gap when they split up at the end of the corridor. The officer went to the right, while Bartlett continued on down the passage on the left. 
A brief moment of indecision flashed through Aiden’s mind, but it wasn’t really a tough call to make — he wanted Bartlett, the man responsible for this entire situation, and the other mercenary would get what was coming to him soon enough.
Aiden dashed around the corner in pursuit of the old businessman and saw him passing through a door at the end of the corridor. At that moment, a woman’s scream pierced the air from somewhere behind Aiden, bringing him to a screeching halt. 
Torn between catching Bartlett and going to the woman’s aid, Aiden froze in the middle of the hallway. The sounds of a desperate struggle nearby finally snapped him back to reality, and he spun around and rushed back up the corridor. He followed the sounds to a closed door, which he kicked hard with his heavy boot, splintering the lock and throwing the door wide open.
The room was a small guest chamber with a bed at one end, and a dresser and wardrobe opposite. His dramatic entrance hadn’t surprised the mercenary officer, who had one arm wrapped around the neck of a slender blonde woman and a sword in his other hand. Aiden had never seen Princess Criosa Roebec in person, having only heard descriptions about her from time to time, but her fine features left no doubt he was looking upon royalty. 
“Hold it right there, boy,” the mercenary ordered him, his voice sounding hollow and metallic behind his visored helm. “The lady and I are going to leave right now, and you and your mates are going to let it happen. Understood?”
“What’s the matter; you afraid to fight a boy like me?” Aiden jeered, hoping to goad the warrior into a fight. “A real man wouldn’t be hiding behind a woman, I think.” 
“In any other situation, I’d be happy to oblige you,” the man growled, “but right now, I’ve got places to—” 
His speech was cut off by a pain-filled shout. He flinched to one side as Criosa rammed her elbow into his side. It wasn’t much of a blow, but it was enough to distract him. 
The enraged officer swiped the princess with his mailed fist, sending her crashing into the wall, and from there to the ground, swinging his sword at Aiden in the same motion. Aiden was prepared for this, and managed to parry the blade, but was instantly on the defensive against the experienced warrior’s assault.
Sparks flew from their weapons as he parried each attack from the mercenary, while trying not to be pushed back into a corner. He ducked underneath a wild swing from the officer and rushed around the side. Unfortunately, the warrior’s armored knee met his chest, propelling him into the wall. 
Discarding subtlety, Aiden picked himself up and lunged at the mercenary, crashing directly into him and bowling both of them over. The mercenary punched him in the gut and threw him to one side, sending Aiden’s scepter skittering across the polished floorboards and under the bed. His adrenaline pumping, Aiden tried to scramble away from the warrior, but one of his legs was held, and he couldn’t get away. 
In desperation, he reached over his shoulder and grabbed the scepter’s handle, pulling it out and swinging it at his opponent. The weapon impacted on top of his opponent’s head, connecting with his helm and leaving a sizable dent in it. 
The mercenary staggered backwards for a moment until he regained his footing, but it gave Aiden the precious time he needed to get back on his feet. Holding the scepter before him, he spoke the command word, and a brilliant shaft of light sprang forth, slicing through the armor protecting the officer and burning the flesh beneath.
Roaring with pain, the mercenary charged, catching Aiden completely off guard. They crashed into a cabinet, toppling plates and cutlery over the floor as both wrestled for supremacy. Aiden was momentarily winded and tried to push the warrior out of the way, but he was held fast by a gauntleted hand. 
Panic began to set in, as the young man knew he was completely outmatched by his opponent. He started swinging the scepter wildly, hoping to do enough damage to finish off his implacable foe. 
Aiden was in mid-swing when the mercenary suddenly stiffened, giving him hope that he’d actually done some damage to the warrior. He watched in disbelief as the man suddenly dropped to the ground, revealing the rather battered form of Criosa standing behind him with a sharp carving knife in one hand. 
Aiden leaned back against the wall and slid to the ground, his breath coming in short gasps as he was flooded with relief. The young woman was trembling so hard she dropped the knife, which clattered off the breastplate of their fallen enemy before it came to rest. Her silky blonde, shoulder-length hair was unkempt and matted with blood.
“Nice work with that knife — Princess Criosa?” Aiden said, seeking confirmation. The young woman nodded silently, her sight still focused on the body of her assailant. 
“Are you injured, Highness?” Aiden continued when no other reply was forthcoming. 
“I’m all right,” she replied in a shaking voice. “I am more concerned about you at the moment, sir. Your chest...” Aiden looked down and saw that his leathers had been torn open and his shirt was soaked with blood. 
“Yes, I’m sure that’s going to hurt in a few minutes,” he remarked distantly, looking down at his fallen enemy. “Was this their commander?” 
 “No, one of their lieutenants,” Criosa informed him. “Their commander left here a few hours ago, making for Culdeny. Something dreadful is going to happen there.” The sounds of heavy footsteps approaching could be heard out in the hallway and within moments, Colt and Nellise entered the small room. 
“Your Highness,” Nellise breathed, offering a formal curtsey to the young princess. 
“Oh, please don’t,” Criosa replied; “this is hardly the time or the place. Just call me Criosa.”
“Certainly, Highness,” Nellise said, apparently not having heard the previous sentence. Again, she suddenly became distressed, struggling to breath as she looked down at the fallen soldier. 
“Nellise, stay with us now,” Aiden gently reassured her, trying to keep her focused. The poor woman had been thrown into this situation with hardly any time to recover, and it seemed like the constant challenges had actually done her some good, keeping her mind busy. But in all the confusion and conflict, Aiden had almost lost sight of the fact that such traumas are not so easily forgotten.
“Are you not well?” Criosa asked with uncertainty, looking back and forth between Nellise and Aiden, trying to ascertain what was going on. 
“We’ve had a rough week,” Aiden explained in a soft voice. “Some of us, rougher than others.” 
Nellise wiped a tear from her eye and managed to compose herself, noticing Aiden’s injury. “Let me take a look at that,” she offered, kneeling beside him as Sayana joined them. 
“Where’s Pace?” Aiden asked.
“I’m not sure,” Sayana answered as she inspected her wounds, “but he said he was going to secure the outside of the house when I last saw him. The inside of this place is clear, though.”
“Okay, everyone sit back and relax,” Nellise instructed. “I shall perform a group healing.”
“Oh, you’re that proficient?” Criosa remarked, sitting down at a small desk. “How fortunate; I didn’t realize Lachburne had any gifted people at their local chapel.”
“No, I’m from Culdeny,” Nellise clarified. “Perhaps Aiden can explain while I heal.”
“Sure,” he agreed. “I’m sorry, Your Highness, but we don’t represent a large, armed force that was sent to rescue you. We’re a group of people caught in the wrong place at the wrong time, but with the right skills to make a difference. I’m Aiden Wainwright, and this talented young lady is Nellise Sannemann. Over there are Sayana Arai and Dante Colt.”
“It is a pleasure to meet you all,” Criosa replied warmly, “and you have my deepest gratitude for your timely intervention.”
“Timely?” Colt asked politely, while also glaring at Aiden since his taboo first name had been mentioned.
“Yes; later today, they were going to move me to Culdeny after seizing control of the port. Heaven knows what they had planned for me.”
“It’s a shame I had to let Bartlett go,” Aiden mused, feeling more relaxed as the healing energies did their work, filling the air with the pleasant aroma of summer breezes. “He probably could have told us everything we needed to know. What happened out in the main room, anyway?” he asked Colt.
“We won,” he said with a shrug. “The ones we locked outside ran around the back, but they never came in. Not sure what happened there, but I’m guessing they probably ran off with Bartlett. Pace is checking it out.”
“I know where they’re going,” Criosa said ominously. “I overheard the cads who kidnapped me; they are even now heading to Culdeny with the intention of laying siege to the town.”
“What do you expect us to do about it?” Sayana asked “They’ve got lots of armed men, and we’re just five people.”
“Six, for I would accompany you,” Criosa corrected.
“You?” Aiden exclaimed, suddenly fully awake. “We went to a great deal of trouble to get you out of harm’s way, and you want to head straight back into it?”
“Given the choice, I would, of course, prefer to remain someplace safe,” she explained, “but I will not sit idly by while treasonous men like Ronald Bartlett plot to take my father’s kingdom away from him.”
“I like her,” Sayana remarked as she turned to look at the princess with admiration. “You have spirit, but can you fight?”
“I have been trained by experts in swordsmanship, magic, and a few other skills for most of my life, so I assure you, I can hold my own,” Criosa answered her. “May I ask what your capabilities are, miss?” 
Sayana answered by snapping her fingers and creating a plume of fire above her hand, which seemed to impress Criosa. “Well, regardless of your training, Highness,” Colt grunted, “you should be escorted back to Bracksford. We’ve have seen more than our share of battle in these last few weeks, and I would not wish it upon anyone, especially one so young.” 
“I’m the same age as some of you, surely,” Criosa protested, managing to sound a little like a spoiled twelve-year-old in the process. “That is precisely the attitude my father had, leaving me at Fort Highmarch for months while he went off to wage war.”
“And look what happened when you decided to leave,” Colt responded. “At the first opportunity, you got kidnapped by an enemy of the Crown. Nice work there; I’d love to have you on the front line with us.”
“Sarcasm is the refuge of the simple mind,” Criosa replied archly. “Now, I need you to come with me to Culdeny. If they haven’t been attacked already, they soon will be. They don’t have the manpower or the defenses to withstand a concerted assault.”
“Funny, neither do we,” Aiden mumbled tiredly. 
“We can disrupt their operations,” Criosa persisted. “If they’re attacking a city, they have siege equipment we can destroy, supplies we can sabotage. They’re mercenaries — we make it cost them more to stay than they’re willing to spend.”
“She’s right about that,” Colt remarked, leaning against the doorway. “If we wreck their ability to quickly end the siege, there’s a good chance they’ll back off. 
“We’d have to hit them from behind, of course, but if we go straight there, and make sure the attack is underway before we strike ... you know, we could probably do it. If we time it right, we could hit them at dawn tomorrow.” 
“All right, you’ve sold me on the idea,” Aiden finally said. “But I can’t speak for the rest of you. I made a real mess of things back at Ferrumgaard, and it nearly got us all killed. I want you to understand that I will never lie to you again, ever. If you want to get involved in this, the choice is yours.”
“It’s my duty to do as the Crown bids,” Colt responded, “and she bids me to go save Culdeny. So that’s what I’m gonna do.”
“Culdeny is my home,” Nellise said quietly. “I will do my part to defend it, and if that requires me to give my life, then I do so gladly that others might be saved.” 
“You will need me,” Sayana said. “How else do you expect to slay so many warriors with so few of your own?”
“I was rather hoping you’d say that,” Aiden replied, genuinely pleased she had chosen to come along. Though she still seemed wary about him, she was at least prepared to fight alongside him one more time, despite whatever risk she thought he posed to her. 
“Well, I guess you have your answer, Highness,” Aiden told Criosa with a smile.
“Smashing,” she remarked with satisfaction. “Let us have a quick meal, then embark. The longer we wait, the greater the risk to Culdeny.” 
The sound of something being dragged along the floor outside room interrupted their conversation. Pacian, completely out of breath, leaned against the door, and behind him was the body of Ronald Bartlett. 
“I was starting to worry about you, mate,” Aiden said as he approached and quickly went through the body’s pockets, hoping there might be a scrap of information. What he produced was a short note on a folded piece of paper. He read it through and instantly knew it was important. 
“Looks like Ronald was taking orders from someone else,” he said to the others. “I think we’ve just found a crucial piece of evidence.”
“This almost makes up for the other crap you’ve done,” Colt mumbled to Pacian, who simply grinned as he caught his breath.

Chapter Twenty-Two

They left via the rear door of the manor, attempting to keep a low profile in case any mercenaries lay in wait. After a cursory search, Colt found the trail left in the snow and followed a course directly for Culdeny. The big man stressed they should travel the eastern highway instead of taking the direct route, as that reduced the chances of them encountering any ambushes as they approached the town.
The sight of the horses brought a smile to Criosa’s face, particularly the white mare they had brought along. It was the princess’s own horse, and she was happy to see her again. The mounts were still spent from their long ride, so Aiden and the others were forced to walk them through the night.
Colt stayed in the lead, keeping the Stonegaard Mountains to their right as they traveled briskly across the snow-covered plains of north-central Aielund. The air was crisp and cold as the terrain slowly began to ascend into the foothills. 
Shortly thereafter, Colt steered them away from the tracks they had been following, which must mean they were only hours away from the besieged town. To their dismay, a dull red glow lit the sky to their northwest, an ominous sign of events transpiring in Culdeny even now.
The waning moon provided only just enough light to see by, so Colt was making good use of Aiden’s goggles as he and Sayana lead them onward. The dull roar of the sea could be heard somewhere up ahead, but it was a different sound that caught Sayana’s sharp hearing, stopping her dead in her tracks.
“Did you hear that?” she asked with a trembling voice. Aiden listened carefully, but couldn’t hear anything other than their horse’s steps through the snow, and the distant sound of the sea.
“I hear nothing out of the ordinary,” he answered. 
“It was the growl of a large beast, far in the distance,” she explained. “I — there it is again.”
“Okay, I heard it that time,” Aiden muttered, his stomach clenching. Though they couldn’t see each other’s expressions in the darkness, Aiden could guess the rest were as afraid as he was. “Anyone care to venture a guess as to what that was?”
“You hear all sorts of things during a war,” Colt said with a shrug. “That could have been the groan of a siege engine, or the collapse of a building.”
“This far away from Culdeny?” Nellise queried.
“We’re wasting time,” Colt growled. “We need to get there as soon as possible, or there ain’t gonna be a town left to save.” 
Too tired to argue, Aiden pressed on, with a reluctant Sayana by his side. Nearly half an hour later, they finally emerged onto the eastern highway, a long, straight stretch of road that followed the cliffs of northern Aielund all the way through the Stonegaard Mountains and on to the capital, Fairloch, nearly a week’s travel to the east. 
They’d heard no more of the deep growling sounds, but the scene before them as they climbed down from their saddles was one of devastation.
The smell of charred flesh and burnt wood drifted through the air, and the smoldering remains of a large fire could be seen up the road a little. There were a dozen bodies, all clad in metal armor that had partially melted from the heat. Nearby trees were blackened and charred, as if the entire area had been blasted with fire of incredible intensity.
“What could have done this?” Criosa asked with a trembling voice, as they searched amongst the wreckage. The princess suddenly gagged and dashed off into the bushes to throw up. Nellise stood there transfixed at the grisly sight, and Aiden feared her resolve to continue on might fail. 
“I’ve got tracks over here,” Colt said grimly. “Mostly theirs, I think, judging by the boot prints. They were running from the east as fast as they could. Whatever hit them, it happened while they were moving. There’s no sign of a fight — they just burned.”
Movement from the brush on the side of the road made everyone whirl around with their weapons at the ready. Half a dozen men in the livery of the Kingdom Guard emerged onto the road with their hands in the air. They carried an assortment of swords, maces and longbows.
“Who are you?” Colt barked, ready to shoot them at the first sign of trouble.
“Sergeant Evans, Kingdom Guard Culdeny detachment, second company,” an older man replied in a drained voice. “We’re the only survivors of this attack. You’re not with the mercenaries — that much I can tell.”
“No, I think we’re on the same side,” Colt began, before he was interrupted. 
“Help — I’ve found someone over here,” came Criosa’s sudden cry from the side of the road. Colt and the others lowered their weapons. As one, they rushed over to see a terribly burned man lying in the snow. 
He was alive, though only just, and as Nellise brought forth a prayer of light, they could see that his skin was horribly burned and he must have been in terrible pain. “You’re going to be okay,” Nellise told him gently, as she knelt beside the man with her crystal in one hand, putting Aiden’s fears to rest.
“I’ve never heard a priest lie like that before,” the burned man managed to choke out, exhibiting remarkable bravado considering his condition. 
“She’s the finest healer in these parts, friend,” Colt told the man. “She’s gonna have you on your feet and back in the fight in no time.”
“No, thanks,” he gasped. “I don’t want to fight that thing.”
“You saw what attacked you?” Pacian asked.
“Dragon,” came the dreaded reply. “It was a dragon. Size of a house...” 
Aiden felt the hairs on the back of his neck stand up, and a deathly silence fell over the assembled group as they digested this information. Instantly, he thought of Salinder, the enormous dragon in his dreams who had turned the tide of a battle long ago. But the withered creature he’d met was trapped on another plane of existence, and couldn’t be responsible for this. 
“There hasn’t been a dragon in these parts for centuries,” Colt said. “Where the hell did it come from?” 
“I’ll ask it next time,” the burned soldier replied, clasping onto Sergeant Evan’s hand as he struggled to breathe. 
“My squad was patrolling the highway,” the old soldier explained, “and we came across the monster in the mountains, watching the road. We managed to make it back here before it caught up. Is he going to make it?” 
“He’s too far gone,” Nellise whispered sadly, looking down on the burned man with regret as he stiffened, then relaxed for the last time. Evans gently placed the man’s hand across his chest, while Aiden looked around at the carnage the dragon had wrought. 
“It must have attacked Culdeny,” he muttered; “that’s why we saw it on fire, well before the Steel Tigers could have made it there.”
“Maybe the dragon attacked the mercenaries as well?” Criosa asked with a trembling voice, sounding like she was starting to regret her decision to come along. 
“We’ll find out when we get closer to town,” Aiden surmised. “If the Steel Tigers are still there, working side by side, then it means the dragon has to be working with them.”
“Is that even possible?” Pacian asked, incredulously. “How do you deal with something that could turn you into a pile of ash in seconds?”
“It has been done in the past,” Sayana pointed out. “There are dragons in the mountains where the Akoran live. They have had dealings, though the price is always too high.” Though she hadn’t looked at Aiden directly, he knew she was speaking to him when she said that. 
“If they are working together, then there is nothing we can do to help Culdeny,” Criosa whispered soberly. “How can we fight something that powerful?”
“We don’t,” Aiden surmised. “We’re going to engage the Steel Tigers from the shadows, and if that dragon shows up, well, I have a few tricks up my sleeve that’ll make it think twice.” 
He touched the scroll cases on his belt and hoped the remaining magic at his disposal would be enough. “The dragon can’t be everywhere at once, and this poor man said it was back on the highway in the mountains.”
“If you’re planning to take on the people attacking our home, we’re going to help,” Sergeant Evans volunteered. “We might only number eight men, but the rest of my lads gave their lives in defense of the realm, and I for one ain’t going to let them die in vain.”
“We could use all the help we can get,” Aiden agreed. 
“Let’s move west while I scout along the way,” Colt ordered. “Save the horses. We’re going to need whatever they’ve got left.” 
With their numbers bolstered, they cautiously set off along the frozen road. It wasn’t long before they saw a flash of light rising into the sky from the tree line, to disappear into the distant glow from the town. 
“They’ve set up siege engines,” Evans advised. “I guess that means they are working with the dragon.”
“No sign of it yet, though,” Aiden said hopefully. “Colt would have said something if he’d seen it.” 
It wasn’t long before they began to hear the sounds of distant battle, the screams and cries of men fighting for their lives echoing across the frigid landscape. When they had gone as close as they dared, Aiden called for everyone to stop so Colt could move ahead to investigate further. 
It was a tense wait, but gave them time to catch their breath after the long day’s journey. Aiden drank from his water skin and rested his eyes for a minute, letting the distant sounds of war wash over him. 
When he opened his eyes again, Colt had returned, crouching down in the snow to let them know the situation. “They’re over the rise, about two hundred yards away,” he started, speaking to the gathered assortment of soldiers, civilians and royalty. “Got themselves a couple of big siege engines, trebuchets, I think.”
“We’re still half a mile from Culdeny,” the sergeant remarked. “How many men are they holding in reserve this far back?”
“About two dozen, not including their engineers,” Colt grunted. “There are a few mounted warriors, too, including their commander, from what I can tell. They’re bloody well equipped for a bunch of mercs.”
“Robert Black is there?” Aiden asked, suddenly very interested. “How could you tell?”
“They’ve got a few runners ferrying orders back and forth from the front lines, and they were always meeting up with this one bloke in heavy armor. Has himself a nice big stallion to ride, too, so I think it’s a safe bet that he’s in charge.”
“How much light was there?” Nellise asked. “We had planned a dawn attack, but if my guess is correct, we’re still over an hour from first light.”
“I saw some lanterns here and there, but it’s not quite enough to fight in. I had an idea, though — they’re using burning pitch in those siege engines, so if we set those on fire...”
“I can do that,” Sayana said with a measure of fear in her voice. Aiden glanced around at the faces lit by the distant fires and saw the same trepidation he felt. They were in over their heads, and they knew it. 
“I know you’re weary,” Aiden said in sombre tones, “and I know you’re hurt, in more ways than one. I feel the same way. If I thought we had a choice here, I’d be staying out of this fight altogether. This isn’t my war, and for most of you, it isn’t yours either.
“The people who should be fighting this aren’t here, so it falls to us to step forward and do our part. We’ve heard about the king fighting a war in another country, and didn’t think we were part of it. But now the war has come right to our doorstep, and if we walk away, we may not have a home left to go back to. 
“Things have come between us in recent weeks,” he continued, speaking directly to his companions, and more specifically to Sayana. “Personal conflicts, hard choices, tough situations, not to mention my own personal failings. Under ordinary circumstances, we probably would have gone our separate ways. 
“But remember when we first started working together? We were a team, and we were unstoppable. That’s what we need to be here. If we want to survive the next hour, we need to put aside our issues and trust in each other.” 
They looked to each other in the dim light of the nearby burning town, considering Aiden’s words and his admission of guilt at his own failings. He was unsure what their response would be, until Pacian spoke up — and for the first time in many days, Aiden heard his cocky old friend once more.
“I think I speak for all of us when I say that the Steel Tigers are in for a very bad day.”

*          *          *

A chill wind blew mournfully over the landscape as Aiden, his companions, and the men of the Kingdom Guard moved westward. There was still no sign of the dragon, and Aiden fervently hoped it stayed that way.
As they crested a rise, Aiden was able to see Culdeny itself in the distance, buildings torched by dragonfire and burning pitch, turning the sky a fiery red. More immediately, the entire scope of the battle could be seen from this position, which was probably why Commander Robert Black had chosen it for his command post. 
Less than fifty yards away, two siege engines could be seen, their crews winding back the massive wooden arms and placing large barrels of pitch into position before setting them on fire, ready to launch into the town.
Positioned to the left of the trebuchets stood a group of mercenary soldiers, calmly watching the battle take place in the distance. Of that battle, Aiden could see little, but he knew the defenders, led by Sergeant Ariel, would put up a good fight. It would go a lot easier on them, however, if the trebuchets were out of commission, and this was precisely what Aiden intended to achieve.
“Can you hit them from here?” he quietly asked Sayana, crouched down in the snow next to him. 
“Yes,” she assured him. “The blast will be huge, so it’s good that we’ve stayed back.”
“I’m moving into position now,” Pacian said to Aiden as he crept past. “As soon as you’ve created your diversion, I’ll go in and make sure those engines never work again.”
“I won’t disappoint you,” Sayana told him before he disappeared into the bushes.
“Do your boys have the horses ready?” Aiden asked Sergeant Evans. “Your experience is going to count for a lot in this fight.”
“They’re saddled up and ready to charge,” he answered, then looked to the princess. “We’ll do our utmost not to disappoint you, Your Highness.”
Aiden raised a hand to Colt and the ranger signaled back, his longbow at the ready. Aiden nodded to Sayana, who raised herself up on one knee and began a rhythmic movement with her arms. 
Seconds later, a torrent of fire materialized and blasted towards the siege engines. It struck the barrels sitting next to a trebuchet, which detonated with incredible force. The smoking bodies of engineers and mercenaries flew through the air. 
Other barrels of pitch, stacked neatly between the two engines, ignited with a flourish, sending a plume of fire thirty feet into the air, which seemed to ripple from the force. The impact wave washed over Aiden and the others, along with the stench of burning pitch. 
The suddenness of the strike sent the mercenaries into disarray. The few horses they had tethered nearby in the darkness pulled free of their ropes and bolted into the night.
It was a perfectly executed opening move, but their advantage wasn’t going to last long. Even now, the officers of the Steel Tigers were shouting orders to control the flames. A dozen mercenaries, led by a brash and loud sergeant, formed up and moved towards Aiden’s position. 
“This is probably the time, then,” Aiden muttered to himself, pulling out the last arcane scroll he had left over from the deceased wizard’s collection. By the light of the nearby flaming pitch, he quickly read through the incantation before intoning the words aloud, releasing the energies stored many decades before. 
A brief tingling sensation covered his body as the scroll disintegrated in his hands. Aiden looked ahead and saw that the mercenaries seemed to slow in their advance. But it wasn’t them, as such — the incantation had altered the flow of time around him, giving his allies an advantage over their adversaries, even if it would only last a matter of seconds. 
“Here they come,” he said grimly, drawing his scepter and speaking the word that would bring his force shield into being. To his right, Sayana stood with her ancient dwarven axe in both hands, her clothing faintly glowing with protective magics. 
When the mercenaries were in close enough, Aiden gave the signal to charge forward and fight. “Aielund forever!” Criosa called in challenge, as the men of the Kingdom Guard thundered past on their horses. They crashed through the enemy line, knocking down and trampling those unfortunate enough to get in the way. 
With his incantation speeding them up, Colt, Nellise and Sergeant Evans sent an impressive barrage of arrows and bolts into the scattered ranks of the mercenaries, andAiden blasted a few down with the blazing light from his scepter. The mounted soldiers kept moving, sweeping around to make another pass at the enemy infantry. By the time the incantation of speed finally ebbed, fifteen of the enemy had fallen.
Their diversion had worked, for the second trebuchet had its ropes cut, and the fires were slowly making their way toward it, thanks to a trail of pitch poured across the ground by Pacian. The remaining engineers were scrambling, trying to put out the fires and save the trebuchets from total destruction. Aiden glanced to his right and noticed Sayana looking around with a perplexed expression on her face.
“I could have sworn I heard something moving,” she said nervously, before she was bowled into the snow by an unknown assailant. Sayana screamed in pain, for the shadowy figure had stabbed her arm with a dagger at the same time, and the two of them wrestled on the ground for their lives. 
Aiden couldn’t help her, tangled up and rolling around as they were, but a moment later, flames erupted from her position, engulfing the mercenary agent and flinging what appeared to be a short, athletic woman back into the snow with smoke rising from her charred body. 
Three more of these agents came out of hiding and struck at Aiden and Sayana, using clever flanking tactics to disorient and take advantage of gaps in their defenses. Aiden was struck from behind, leaving his back searing with pain from a laceration. When he whirled around to strike back, he was hit on the back of his leg by some other assailant.
Sayana didn’t waste any time — with one swing of her axe, she leaped forward to cut down the stealthy warrior. Aiden was about to move to support her exposed flank when he was hit on the side of the head by the hilt of a weapon. He staggered to one side, trying to pull back from the unknown assailant. 
Shaking his head to clear it, he noticed that Pacian had emerged from the undergrowth to aid them, stabbing and slashing at the agents with fury and precision. 
A flash of light suddenly caught Aiden’s attention, and he risked a quick look. What he saw was a robed woman with lightning flaring from her fingertips, sending electricity arcing along the armored men of the militia, shocking them and dropping them to the ground.
“Nel, wizard!” Aiden called, to which she responded with a quick nod, pulling the crystal from her belt pouch. It was, however, too late to prevent the robed woman from conjuring chunks of snow and ice from the ground. 
They hovered before her; then the pieces spun around, ice chips flying off them until the points became sharp, and then darted at Nellise.
Her breastplate protected her a little, but the rest of her body bore the brunt of the icy blast tearing through her leathers. She stumbled from the onslaught, blood oozing from a number of tiny wounds. Nellise still had the crystal raised in one hand and this time, as the wizard attempted to unleash another assault, it failed, drawing a string of curses from the woman.
Aiden wanted nothing more than to charge the mercenary wizard at that moment, easily the most dangerous combatant on the field, but the way was blocked by a wall of warriors. The Kingdom Guard were doing their best, but they were sorely outnumbered.
“You got this?” Aiden asked Pacian, who was busy fighting alongside Sayana against the remaining mercenary agents. 
“Go!” Pace cried, smashing his opponent across the face with the hilt of a dagger, then bringing his knee up hard and fast to shatter his nose. 
Sergeant Evans had overheard the brief exchange, and with his supply of arrows depleted, drew a heavy mace and ran forward to join his men on the front line. Aiden followed close behind, and the two of them charged into the mercenary ranks. 
The battle surged around him, and Aiden couldn’t tell if they were winning or losing. Half of their cavalry had fallen, but a large number of mercenaries had been dropped as well. Aiden bashed his foes and used his glowing shield to block their attacks, all the while making sure he wasn’t too far from the sergeant. He was keenly aware of his lack of armor, so kept his focus on aiding the efforts of his allies.
A crackle of lightning suddenly surged through the fight, catching Aiden as well. His muscles were wracked with pain for a long moment, and he barely kept control of his body.
“She’s too strong; I can’t stifle her magic,” Nellise called with dread from nearby, her prayers faltering as the wizard found a way past her protective influence. 
“Sarge, drop her,” Aiden gasped, struggling to keep up the fight.
“There’s too many of them to break through,” Evans snarled as he bashed a mercenary’s head in. 
Suddenly, a blast of fire shot through the air and engulfed the wizard, who was evidently not invulnerable to its effects. Her charred body was blasted through the air, leaving a trail of flame and smoke.
Aiden let out a cry of triumph, but then held his breath as Sayana wilted and dropped to her knees from the effort. He was about to go to her aid when the ominous sound of hooves pounding the ground sounded, growing louder with each passing moment. Turning toward the noise, his heart almost stopped when he saw Robert Black astride a massive stallion, finally joining the battle. 
The remaining mercenary warriors pulled back, and the warhorse plowed through the three militiamen, crushing two of them to death, while Robert swung a massive ball-and-chain, sundering Sergeant Evan’s shield and leaving him broken on the ground.
The commander’s weapon struck Pacian on the shoulder as he rode by, and it was only his reflexes that prevented him from sustaining a mortal injury. Two arrows flew past them in quick succession, striking the last remaining mercenary in the chest, leaving only the unstoppable visage of Robert Black to deal with.
The stallion turned and charged for their position once more, and Aiden didn’t know how to deal with it. Exhaustion was catching up with him, slowing his mind and body, while facing the premier military power of their time — the mounted warrior. He stood, watching the advance of the warhorse as if in a dream, when he was suddenly pushed to the ground from behind, to land in the snow a few feet away.
Looking up, he saw that it was Colt who had shoved him aside as he charged past and swung his sword at the saddle, severing the straps that held it on the horse’s back and throwing Robert into the snow. The horse, wounded from the strike, bolted into the night, while the armored form of the mercenary commander rose ominously to his feet, discarding his ball-and-chain in favor of a longsword and shield he drew from over his shoulder.
“You?” he roared, looking directly at Aiden, Colt and the others from behind his visored helm. “We’re fighting a bunch of civilians and a couple of rangers? And here’s me thinking I was in trouble.”
“Oh, I got plenty of that for you, right here,” Colt shouted back, stepping forward to engage the commander directly. The sound of his greatsword clashing against the mercenary’s shield was deafening. 
Black smacked aside the greatsword and brought his own heavy blade across, slashing the big ranger’s chest, cutting through leather and the flesh beneath. Their weapons weren’t subtle — each swing had the potential to take off a limb if they weren’t fast enough to get out of the way. 
The commander continued to use his armor and shield to deflect the greatsword’s sweeping arc. “We need to get in there and help,” Aiden whispered to Nellise, who was bent over, trying to catch her breath after the intense fighting. 
“I need to check on the wounded,” she whispered, slowly making her way over to Sayana’s last position. Criosa, having kept out of the fighting so far, joined her to assist in any way she could. Pacian was in the snow nearby, on his knees, struggling to get back on his feet. Aiden could see he was just about done for.
Turning back to the duel taking place before him, Aiden could see that his fears were well founded, as Commander Black hadn’t really slowed down at all, but the big ranger had taken some brutal hits and was fighting defensively. 
Aiden raised his scepter, and with as much energy as he could muster, aimed it at Black and waited for an opportunity. Colt was pushed backwards after parrying a heavy blow from his opponent, and Aiden saw his chance. 
He spoke the command word and blasted Robert with a beam of light. It wasn’t enough to cut through his iron armor, but he seared some of the less protected areas, at least. Aiden doubted he could muster another shot, so he moved forward to assist. 
Moving as quickly and quietly as he could manage, Aiden moved within range of his opponent, and swung with all of his remaining strength.
The scepter struck true, driving into Black’s left thigh and staggering the surprised warrior enough for Colt to strike his helm with his greatsword. The blow caused Black to falter, but he still had the presence of mind to spin with the blow and swing his sword at Aiden. 
The force shield took the brunt of the impact, deflecting the sword above his body so that Aiden wasn’t struck directly. What he didn’t see coming was Robert’s shield, which combined with a lunge to smash into Aiden’s side with all the weight of the heavily armored man behind it. 
Aiden felt his right arm break from the blow. The scepter cracked and fell from his nerveless hand into the blood-tinged snow, with Aiden screaming in pain as he fell right along with it. Turning his head, he was somewhat relieved to see Colt pressing the attack, keeping the man busy so he couldn’t finish off what he’d started.
It had all been worth it, however, for the blows Aiden had struck had slowed Black enough to give the ranger a fighting chance. Colt grunted with each swing of his greatsword, and fought as if he were trying to bash his way through his opponent’s heavy armor. It might have been protecting him from the deadly cuts the sword would have inflicted, but Aiden was sure Black was covered in bruises underneath. 
The mercenary commander brought his weapon in high, but Colt managed to block it — a near-fatal mistake, as his slowing reflexes couldn’t bring any defense against Robert’s shield. It smashed Colt in the face, dazing him momentarily and giving Black an opening to drive his sword straight down into Colt’s foot and through into the snow beneath. 
Black withdrew the bloodied sword immediately as Colt fell. The mercenary paused to catch his breath, ambivalent toward the screams of his fallen foe. 
“Hell of a fight, mate,” Black said to Colt between breaths, “but you never really had a chance. Still, you’ve got my respect for almost ruining my whole plan.”
“Are you planning to talk me to death?” Colt snarled between clenched teeth. 
“Nope, sword to the head,” Black replied evenly. “I like to gloat a bit sometimes. Sorry to bore—” 
He was interrupted by a diminutive form who attempted to stab him from behind, having crept up close while he had been speaking to Colt. Black whirled around, sword first, but met only empty air as it passed over the top of the person crouching behind him. Aiden was astonished to see Princess Criosa, rapier in hand, attempting to fight the big mercenary.
“Criosa?” Robert asked, as startled as Aiden. “I don’t believe it; you fools brought her along? This changes everything. I’ll be able to salvage this entire situation and hold her for ransom.”
“You’ll have to catch me first,” she challenged defiantly. Robert set about doing just that, swinging his heavy blade around, side on, to try and subdue her. Criosa was extremely nimble, however, and easily dodged the attack. 
She wasn’t alone, either. Sayana was again on her feet and pressing the attack, and Aiden could see a shining breastplate moving in from another angle as Nellise rejoined the fight.
With Robert’s injuries, Aiden figured the three women might stand a chance. Sayana was still unsteady on her feet, but unwilling to yield. All Aiden could do was hold his broken arm close and watch from a snowbank. 
As Nellise approached to strike at the mercenary with her staff, Robert’s shield impacted her helmet and sent her falling back into the snow. Sayana roared aloud, raising her axe high above her head, then lunged at the mercenary, chopping with what strength she had left. 
The shining axe held an edge sharper than any iron weapon, shearing through Black’s armor and severing the straps that held it in place, cutting deep into his arm. The mercenary reflexively spun around to protect his vulnerable flank, dropping his shield in the process, for his wounded arm could no longer carry it. 
Sayana tried to follow through with another attack, but received an unexpected kick to the stomach that knocked her back. Criosa then stabbed at Robert’s arm, but left herself vulnerable to a backhanded blow from Robert’s armored fist that sent her sprawling into the snow. 
Robert was too busy to pursue her, for Nellise had regained her footing and pressed the attack. He met each swing of her staff with his blade. Aiden couldn’t believe the man was still standing, let alone fighting. 
Criosa steeled herself and stepped back into the fight, trying to poke her rapier through a gap in the joints of his armor, but Black kept moving around, making her task all the more difficult.
The princess finally made a mistake, dodging left when she should have gone right, and received an unexpected kick to her midriff which sprawled her out in the snow, winded. Nellise stood alone against the powerful mercenary, and appeared to have given up all hope of trying to take him down herself. She slowly backed away while keeping her guard up. 
She had moved about three yards when Aiden noticed a small form descending from above. It was Sayana, silently floating down through the air with her axe raised above her head. Nellise looked up briefly, and whether or not it was intended, her reaction alerted Black to the presence of the threat. 
He whirled around at the last minute, but wasn’t prepared for what was coming. Sayana ceased her casual descent and dropped like a stone, bringing her axe down on his head with all of the force she had built up from the fall.
Only Robert’s honed reflexes prevented the axe from splitting him in two. The weapon cleaved through the front of his helm, almost splitting it in half and gashing his face terribly. The devastating blow finally dropped the powerful man, who fell backward to the ground amongst his fallen comrades. 
Aiden silently exulted in his friend’s victory, and slowly picked himself up off the ground to make his way over. Sayana, Nellise and Criosa gathered around the grievously wounded mercenary, who was clutching at his wounded face.
“Yield or die,” Nellise declared, standing over him with her staff ready to strike, her chest heaving from the exertion of the fight. The mercenary didn’t respond at first, but Aiden couldn’t believe for a moment the man was still prepared to fight. 
“I yield,” Black croaked, looking up at them out of his right eye, the left one having been destroyed by Sayana’s final stroke. “You’ve fought well for a bunch of untrained civilians.”
“Order your forces to surrender,” Criosa demanded. “You shall have plenty of time to think of your mistakes during your impending imprisonment.” 
Black actually managed a macabre laugh, not exactly the sort of sound one should be hearing from a defeated enemy. “I don’t think I’ll be going to prison, Your Highness, as there isn’t going to be much left of Culdeny in a few minutes.”
“What are you talking about?” Aiden asked, a feeling of dread descending over him. 
“I’ve made arrangements,” the mercenary replied cryptically. 
“Enough of this nonsense,” Criosa ordered impatiently. “We’re taking you into town, and anything that befalls it happens to you as well.” 
Robert looked up at the sky, as did Aiden, noticing that the sun was about to peek over the horizon. “The dragon,” he breathed. “It’s going to strike at dawn, isn’t it?”
“Azurefang might be a little crazy, but she does what she’s paid to do,” Robert confirmed, seeming to be more relaxed with every passing moment. “So, here’s what’s going to happen. I—”
Pacian appeared next to Robert at that moment and interrupted his speech by plunging a dagger into the man’s throat, sending a torrent of blood gushing onto the snow. Black clutched at the wound in a futile attempt to staunch the flow, gasping for breath. Aiden was stunned, and could only stare at Pacian in disbelief. 
“Don’t just stand there, run!” Pacian shouted, grabbing an equally shocked Nellise by the wrist and pulling her in the direction of town. An ominous roar could be heard in the distance, a sound that had the hairs on the back of Aiden’s neck standing on end. 
He had the presence of mind to look around and make sure everyone else was running, and saw that Colt was still down on the ground, grievously wounded. Aiden rushed to his side and offered a hand. 
“Get out of here, I’ll just slow you down,” Colt grunted, but Aiden was in no mood to deal with his death wish. 
“Get on your feet, mister,” he shouted, kneeling down to reach around the ranger’s shoulder. Realizing Aiden wasn’t going to give up on him so easily, Colt accepted his help and did what he could to carry his own weight. 
The man weighed a ton, and Aiden was forced to use every ounce of his remaining strength to move him. With one last check of the area, he saw Criosa and Sayana were helping the equally wounded Sergeant Evans to his feet, despite meeting similar protests from the tough old soldier. 
Somewhere above, in the gathering fog, the dragon Robert Black had called Azurefang headed towards Culdeny. 
It was a quarter of a mile to the town gate, and the group was struggling to move as fast as they could, considering half of them were barely able to stand. The sounds of Culdeny could be heard through the fog, a combination of cries for help, shouted orders for soldiers to follow, and the clash of weapons as a few of the Steel Tigers kept on fighting, not realizing their leader was already dead. 
“Get off the road!” Aiden called out to the others nearby, changing direction to head into the trees. He hoped it was enough cover to protect them from being spotted. He set Colt down in the bushes and hit the ground himself, wincing from the pain of his broken arm as he slid to a halt. 
Pacian and Nellise came in next, collapsing onto the ground. Sayana and Criosa managed to get Evans into the copse as well, just as the sound of beating wings passed overhead and the dark silhouette of the dragon wheeled through the misty sky. 
It roared again, and the fog was illuminated by the blast of fire as it doused part of the town in flames. Cries of both panic and defiance emanated from the other side of the wall as Aiden and his companions sat helplessly, unable to change Culdeny’s fate. 
For several minutes, Azurefang circled over the town, sending down torrents of fire at leisure, but its path through the air was uneven and erratic. Sounds of inspirational battle cries coming from the eastern wall brought Aiden to a realization — the men on that wall should have been preoccupied by mercenaries, but since the mercenary’s reinforcements had been eliminated, it left the defenders free to rain bolts and arrows into the dragon’s hide.
 The dragon suddenly made a strange noise, sounding more like a startled yelp than a roar. Unable to see clearly through the fog, Aiden could only guess what was happening in the skies above, until a small explosion of fire lit up the massive beast for a brief instant as something impacted its hide. It was accompanied by a shriek of pain and surprise from the dragon, which circled away from the town as another small explosion landed on its hindquarters. 
“What the hell is hitting it?” Colt asked nobody in particular. 
“Is there a wizard in town I wasn’t aware of?” Nellise wondered aloud. Azurefang was maneuvering through the skies in a random pattern, blasting fire down upon the town as more explosions hit its massive bulk. 
The dragon snarled and something dropped out of the sky, landing heavily near the road roughly twenty yards away. A brief glimpse of its massive, serpentine body, with dozens of arrows sticking out of its hide, was visible as it flew in the clear for a moment. 
If Azurefang saw them at all, it didn’t pay any attention. The dragon flew away from the town, back to the east and the safety of the mountains. For the first time in hours, Aiden finally relaxed and as his adrenaline ebbed, he felt all the pains and exhaustion of the past day hit him at once.
“I guess it bit off a little more than it could chew,” he muttered in amazement. 
“Go and see what fell on the road,” Pacian prompted him. 
Despite his broken body, curiosity got the better of Aiden, and he slowly hobbled out onto the road to take a look. Lying in the snow was a metal spear, eight feet in length, and with a barbed tip covered in blood. Part of the shaft was charred black from the explosion, but there was no indication as to why the ordinary-looking spear had caused the charring. 
“What the hell is the matter with you, anyway?” Colt growled at Pacian as Aiden returned. “Robert Black had surrendered, and you had to go and stick a knife in his throat?”
“We had to run, and he was going to do everything in his power to be difficult,” Pacian explained. “I couldn’t leave him there, knowing the dragon was coming and he was in league with the beast. He can’t command it when he’s dead.”
“For once, you’re making sense,” Colt stated, without enthusiasm for this admission. 
“There’s something I never thought I’d hear you say,” Pacian remarked. 
“Shut up, the both of you,” Aiden sighed. “We get it, already. Just … be quiet for a while.”
“You’re such a problem for us, sometimes,” Nellise mumbled, disappointed. “You could have just knocked him out, Pace. I would have preferred he stand trial for his crimes.”
“Hey, remember what happened back in that Akoran cave?” Pacian reminded her. “That’s what happens when you let bad people get away with bad things: good people die for no reason. I’m not ever going to let that happen again, even if I have to bathe in a sea of blood.” 
Nellise looked directly into his eyes and fondly ran a hand through his shoulder-length hair. “Oh, Pacian, how can you be such a monster and be so endearing at the same time?” she breathed. “Whatever am I going to do with you?” 
He didn’t have a reply for that, and simply leaned his head tiredly against her shoulder.

Epilogue

Militia archers stationed behind the wall opened the gate for Aiden and his companions as they approached. Many of the buildings were on fire, with citizens rushing through the streets with buckets of water attempting to control the blaze. The Seaspray Inn hadn’t been spared, with several of its walls on fire and most of the roof caved in. The sounds of fighting could still be heard off in the distance, lending a grim ambience to the devastated surroundings.
They headed for the church, which was filled with wounded soldiers and civilians alike, and half a dozen young clerics doing their utmost to tend to the injured. Although plying their ministrations as quickly as they could, unmoving bodies covered in blankets nearby indicated they were not always successful. 
Aiden slowly sat against the wall with the others, his mind barely active as the rush of the situation surrounding them breezed past. Nellise set about setting his broken arm in a splint and bandaging up the worst of their injuries, then collapsed alongside Aiden, her own injuries getting the better of her. 
Nearly an hour later, the sounds of fighting subsided, and subdued cheering could be heard coming from the streets outside. The forces of the Crown seemed to have been victorious at last. 
“It’s over,” Aiden whispered, drawing a brief nod of acknowledgement from Criosa, who had sat down next to him. Considering the devastation, it seemed a hollow victory. 
Shortly afterwards, a blood-spattered Sergeant Ariel entered through the large double doors, helped along by one of her corporals, who followed her directions and half-carried her to one of the pews in front of Aiden. The corporal helped her to sit, and then the sergeant waved him away, leaning upon her bloodied sword as one would a cane.
“Good morning, Mister Wainwright,” she said, the strain evident in her raspy voice. “I’m sorry the town is such a mess; we’ve had a few problems. A hundred of them, to be exact. But my men tell me you and your friends had a hand in taking the pressure off our eastern flank?”
“We needed to get the princess back into town, and they were in the way,” Aiden explained with a weak voice. 
Ariel blinked in surprise and glanced around at the others until she laid eyes upon Criosa, who smiled wanly back at the sergeant. “Good God, is that you, Highness? I’m sorry, I didn’t recognize you, looking so…”
“Tattered? It’s all right, Sergeant; I feel better than I look, thanks to Aiden and his companions.”
“Glad I was able to assist,” Aiden whispered modestly. 
“And so self-effacing, too,” Criosa remarked with a faint smile. “I might have use for you in Fairloch, if you’re interested.” 
Aiden’s tired brain didn’t quite grasp what she was saying for a few seconds, but the implications were far-reaching. “I’ll have to think about it,” he mumbled, somewhat dumbfounded.
“Aiden, the princess asked you to serve the Crown,” Colt pointed out. “The appropriate response is ‘Yes, Your Highness, I would be honored.’”
“I think he’s waiting to hear how much he’s going to get paid,” Pacian confided.
“That reminds me, there’s something else I found,” Aiden interrupted, pulling out the folded note he had retrieved from Bartlett’s body. “Ronald Bartlett had this on him when he met an unfortunate end. It is addressed to him.” 
Ariel took the proffered note and read it aloud. “It says, ‘Find Commander Black and convey my displeasure to him concerning the handling of his duties thus far. I expect my money’s worth from this deal, and if he and his band of half-wits are unable to perform as expected, I shall have them join the king in his bloody campaign in the west.’ It is signed ‘Number One’. How cryptic.”
“Captain Marshald said that someone was making a move against the Crown, and your kidnapping was probably the first step,” Aiden said to Criosa. “Bartlett was a big name locally, but he was taking orders from someone else. Have you made any enemies of late?”
“Not that I’m aware of,” she replied, her eyes wide at the thought of a conspiracy against her. 
“Being that you’re the only heir to the throne, are you due to be married to someone of note?” Aiden asked. 
“Some names have been floated, but nothing is certain yet,” Criosa responded. 
“Perhaps this is a reason behind your kidnapping. Control you, and someone else can control the throne,” Aiden warned, which did nothing to calm her down.
“The script is very elegant,” Ariel noted, handing the letter to Criosa. “Do you recognize the handwriting?” 
“No; it doesn’t seem familiar, although that’s hardly conclusive,” she mused after a brief examination. “It does look like the writing of a well-educated individual, certainly. Perhaps one of the lords hired the Steel Tigers to kidnap me, and used Bartlett as a liaison?”
“It’d cost a hell of a lot of money to hire a mercenary army,” Colt grunted. “But none of this explains why they attacked the town. And who in his right mind would bring in a bloody dragon to help, anyway?”
 “Maybe they got greedy and wanted to loot the place on the way through,” Pacian remarked cynically. 
“This is an outrage,” Criosa breathed. “The sheer scale of this entire operation … it’s bad enough to attempt to kidnap a member of the royal family, but to slaughter innocents in the process? I must go to Fairloch and get to the bottom of this, and hold the culprits accountable.”
“That would be extremely dangerous, Highness,” Aiden warned. 
“Not with you and your companions there to protect me, it wouldn’t,” Criosa replied with a wink. “And you’ll be suitably rewarded for your efforts here today, and in the future, I assure you.”
“We accept,” Pacian quickly answered for him. 
“I ... yes, I suppose so,” Aiden managed to agree. “Before we get to that, I have one question, sarge. I saw what looked like a large metal spear drop from the dragon’s body on the way past. What was that?”
“We can thank Captain Sir Denholm Sherrard, of His Majesty’s ship Redoubtable, for that,” Ariel explained. “The ship arrived yesterday morning, stopping by for supplies and repairs on its way back to Fairloch from the war zone. They have some sort of special ordnance that catches fire on impact. I doubt the flames did anything to a monster like that, but the ballista bolts they use have very sharp tips and are propelled at speed.”
“Excuse me a moment; I think the Archioness wants to speak with me,” Nellise said. She slowly stood and began gingerly making her way over to speak with the head of the local church, whose white robe was stained with blood and ash.
“Which leads me to another issue,” Ariel continued. “That dragon was reported heading for the Stonegaard mountains, and until I can confirm that the road is safe, I’m going to have to prohibit travel along the highway until further notice. All supplies will have to come and go by ship.”
“I need to get to Fairloch, as soon as possible,” Criosa said. 
“I’m sure Captain Sir Denholm will be happy to provide you with transportation. I will advise him to travel north for a day or two before heading east, in order to ensure you do not pass too closely to the coast in the area I suspect the dragon to be.”
“A sea voyage would be acceptable,” Criosa agreed. 
“With your leave, Highness, I will speak with the captain and make arrangements for you and your entourage to be taken aboard the Redoubtable.”
“Of course; I will be here when you have news,” Criosa replied absently. 
Ariel nodded, then slowly limped out of the church, glaring at a soldier who threatened to offer help. Aiden turned to Sayana, who had been silent through all of this.
“You haven’t said a word since we arrived,” Aiden observed. “I was curious what your next move was. I know you have your doubts about me, but you’ve been invaluable help over the past few weeks, and I, for one, would be sorry to see you leave.”
“Where else would I go?” she asked simply. “I have enough coin to stay here for years if I wanted, but I do not feel comfortable in a town with so many people. I have no desire to return to my previous existence, either, and until Morik Far-Eagle asserts his authority and makes some changes, I can’t go back there.”
“Please come with us,” Criosa asked earnestly. “You’re such a fascinating person, and I’d like to pick your brain about your magical training.”
“I will come, if you wish it,” Sayana answered hesitantly, then smiled as Criosa’s face lit up at the prospect. 
Nellise rejoined them at that moment, with a puzzled expression on her face. “After surviving our journey to Akora, you may recall that I said I was going to stay in Culdeny after this was over,” she said, as she sat on the pew recently vacated by Ariel. Her voice was flat and emotionless.
“Yes, and I perfectly understand your reasons for doing so,” Aiden replied. 
“I just spoke with the Archioness, and once she learned the princess had requested we accompany her to Fairloch, she virtually ordered me to go. She says it is providence I was with you during all of this, and as one of the acolytes gifted with healing, it is my duty to go with you.”
“I’m blessed to have you by my side,” Criosa responded, her eyes lighting up like a child about to receive a gift.
“Promise me that there will be much less excitement when we get there,” Nellise begged.
“A conspiracy is afoot to topple the royal family, and all our lives could be at risk,” Pacian summarized. “I’m sure it’ll be boring and uneventful.” 
“Part of the reason is that my novitiate is officially over, and I have been granted the title of Sarient of the Order of the Resolute Herald, and this must be ratified at the Cathedral in Fairloch by the Hierarchy,” she continued, her voice showing no strong feelings for any of it.
“Congratulations,” Aiden offered. “You earned it, though I have the feeling most acolytes don’t have such an arduous education.” 
Nellise said nothing, and merely bowed her head and wrapped her arms around herself as tears began to trickle down her cheeks. 
Several minutes later, as Aiden and his companions headed for the door, an influx of people entered the already-crowded church. Several men and women, wearing the colors of the Royal Rangers, were bringing in wounded. 
“I’ll walk you out, and then I’ll stay and help out my mates around here,” Colt said, drawing an exchange of looks among Aiden’s companions.
“You’re not coming with us to Fairloch?” Aiden asked.
“Ships and I don’t get along, Aiden,” Colt explained as they made their way outside. Smoke from recently-doused flames hung in the streets on the still-foggy morning. “I don’t fancy spending the better half of this week with my head over the side.”
“I guess this is goodbye, then,” Aiden told him, feeling strange about this rude, offensive man who had somehow, over the course of the past month, become one of his friends. 
“Don’t start crying, Aiden, you’ll look weak in front of the women.”
“I wasn’t…” 
“I’m joking, mate,” Colt grinned, offering Aiden his hand. “You’ve done all right, kid. If you’re ever in the area, stop by and we’ll have a beer together.”
“You know something, Dante?” Aiden remarked with a small smile. “You’re all right yourself.” 
“Take care of yourself,” Nellise said quietly. “I’ve never embraced anyone while wearing armor before, so I’ll spare you the pain.”
“I appreciate that,” Colt grunted. “You got anything to say to me, Sy? You look like you do, but you’re keeping quiet.” 
“I’m not burdened by armor,” she replied softly, coming forward to embrace Colt fondly, the big man’s bulk all but obscuring her slender form in the process. 
“I’ll pass on the hug,” Pacian said to Colt, dryly. “Unless you really can’t help yourself.”
“None of that for you,” Colt growled at him. “I think I’ve gotten to know you pretty well, these past few weeks, and I don’t like what I see.”
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?” Pacian replied defensively.
“You’re a hard man, Pace. You’ve killed more than one man in cold blood right in front of my eyes. Maybe that’s what the situation demanded, and maybe it ain’t, but to me, you’re almost as bad as the bastards we fought.”
“I can’t believe I’m hearing this,” Pacian remarked, looking around at the others in disbelief. “I killed murderers and traitors, I did it really well, and I’m not apologizing for it.” 
Colt leaned in close, and the next words he spoke were barely audible. “The others may not see who you really are, but you’re not fooling me. If I hear that you’ve hurt Nellise in any way, I’ll hunt you down and kill you myself.”
“I would never hurt her,” Pacian growled back in a harsh whisper, “but if it came to it, one way or another, you’re welcome to try.”
“Enough bluster; we can hear you, you know,” Sayana interrupted, her arms crossed and a stern expression on her face. 
“We’re done here,” Colt replied, as if nothing had happened. “I hope your trip to the capital is smooth, but at this time of year, I think you might be regretting the decision to go by sea. Farewell.” 
They waved goodbye to the big ranger as he headed over to a nearby damaged house and set about assisting a small group of people pulling valuables out of the wreckage. Culdeny had been hit hard by the attack, but Aiden knew they’d rebuild and life would go on. 
On the way to the pier, his hand strayed into a pouch on his belt and absently touched the small metal cube he’d recovered from the depths of Ferrumgaard, forgotten amongst the more pressing matters of recent events. Idly, Aiden withdrew it and looked at it from all sides, uncertain if it really meant anything, and was even worth the effort they’d gone to.
As he was about to shove it back into his pouch, his thumb must have squeezed something along the cube’s side, for a tiny hatch clicked open on one side, revealing a dark aperture lined with runes scrawled in the same language he’d seen on the crystal sphere he’d broken long ago. 
Aiden came to a standstill, oblivious to the world around him as he stared at this discovery, slowly coming to the dim realization that there was far more to this box than met the eye.

About the Author

Stephen L. Nowland resides in Frankston, Australia, where he spends his time creating stories, games and art to astound and entertain. 

http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/sln

Further information on this novel and upcoming titles can be found at his website, and you can follow his progress on Facebook and Twitter.

https://www.facebook.com/stephenlnowland

www.stephenlnowland.com.au

@stephennowland

The Aielund Saga

Soldiers of Winter
Soldiers of Avarice
Soldiers of the Crown
Soldiers of Ruin
Soldiers of Legend
Soldiers of Tyranny
Soldiers of the Heavens

Other fantasy titles by the same author

The Ballard Trilogy

In the Wake of War
The Fortress of Gold
Upon the Ashes of Empire

Science fiction titles

Aeon

