Song of the Sword

By K. L. Bauman

Copyright © 2012 K. L. Bauman

Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Acknowledgments


Firstly, I want to apologize to EVERYONE for not including an acknowledgment page in the front of my last story. SORRY! Having said that, I would like to thank my sister, Kari, and my Mom for helping me so much with editing and for their amazing support. I thank my sis-in-law, De'a, for brainstorming with me on "Song of the Sword" all those years ago-it was a lot of fun! Thank you to all of my family and friends, including those on fanstory.com, for reading and commenting and helping me become a better writer. Many thanks to my husband for his support and technical prowess; without your help, I would never have been able to put these stories online.  And, of course, thanks to God for giving me a deeper insight and a gift and passion for writing stories. May this and all of my work somehow glorify his awesome name.
 
 
 
Table of Contents
Chapter 1 ~ The Duel
Chapter 2 ~ A Step Forward
Chapter 3 ~ Lostar
Chapter 4 ~ The Black Dwarf
Chapter 5 ~ Hosgrow
Chapter 6 ~ Secrets
Chapter 7 ~ The Dead Sorcerer
Chapter 8 ~ First Kill
Chapter 9 ~ The Sorcerer's Shadow
Chapter 10 ~ Heritage
Chapter 11 ~ Dragon Blades
Chapter 12 ~ The Babysitter
Chapter 13 ~ The Find
Chapter 14 ~ The Laughing Hill
Chapter 15 ~ Pebbles and Hags
Chapter 16 ~ Uncertainty
Chapter 17 ~ The Reluctant Traveler
Chapter 18 ~ Surprises
Chapter 19 ~ Suspicions
Chapter 20 ~ The Fury of the Full Moon
Chapter 21 ~ Sabina's Story
Chapter 22 ~ Devel
Chapter 23 ~ Fog Guide
Chapter 24 ~ Wild Ride
Chapter 25 ~ The Black Unicorn
Chapter 26 ~ Cat's Tongue
Chapter 27 ~ The Siren's Story
Chapter 28 ~ Razr Birds
Chapter 29 ~ Andor
Chapter 30 ~ Double Trouble
Chapter 31 ~ Goblin Weed
Chapter 32 ~ The Earth Shepherd
Chapter 33 ~ Falynn Cannilita
Chapter 34 ~ Always Something
Chapter 35 ~ Volos' Haunting Past
Chapter 36 ~ Facing Fears
Chapter 37 ~ Deathly Duel
Chapter 38 ~ Whispers in the Water
Chapter 39 ~ Familiar Faces
Chapter 40 ~ The Glass Lake
Chapter 41 ~ Broken Hope
Chapter 42 ~ Wing It
Chapter 43 ~ Battle
Chapter 44 ~ Second String
Chapter 45 ~ Betrayal?
Chapter 46 ~ Sacrifice
Chapter 47 ~ The One Note
Chapter 48 ~ Miracle
Chapter 49 ~ Healing
Chapter 50 ~ New Adventure
Spiritual Specials
About the Author
Connect with the Author Online



Chapter One
The Duel


Creepy how silence can be so deafening! Ayden thought.  He crouched motionless behind a large bush studded with purple flowers and emerald-green leaves. The silence of pre-dawn buzzed in his ears. His face was hidden in the shadow of a huge hood of his green cloak as he waited?
The seventeen-year old took a deep, silent breath and then exhaled slowly as droplets of perspiration raced each other down his back.  Sitting still for long periods of time had always been challenging for him, and the heavily perfumed flowers were making him light headed.
Ayden held his breath, listening intently for any movement--a twig snapping, the rustling of leaves, a breath--anything that would give him a clue to the location of his opponent. 
The forest began to wake as the morning sun filtered through the trees.  The soft thumping of a rabbit's feet against earth and leaves reached Ayden's sensitive ear drums, and he could smell the gamy scent of a deer somewhere nearby.  Birds called out with deceptively melodious songs, giving harsh warnings to tiny bumble-bee birds to stay clear of their territory.  
The boy's bright amber eyes scanned the hundreds of trees. He'd been coming to this area of Shae Vale for four years now and knew the place well.  
Ayden studied the soft, leafy tendrils hanging from the lower branches of the trees that stretched toward an array of colorful flowers complimenting the undergrowth.  A silvery mist meandered through the lower areas, transforming the forest into a lazy daydream. 
His thoughts wandered as he envisioned winning battles against the formidable Degus, a powerfully evil sorceress.  He smiled as he envisioned celebrating his victories with the beautiful fairies and pixies that resided in Shae Vale, though he had yet to lay eyes on any.  He'd love to go further into this land and see the fairies, elves, and Palmaero, the prince of the unicorns whose pearly horn could bring life, curse, or death.  So many adventures were waiting out there!  Would Freya ever loosen her hold on his short leash and let him explore? It had taken her far too long to even tell him that Shae Vale was real and not just stories she told him at bed time.
Shaking his head, Ayden brought his mind back to the present.  He needed to concentrate, or his opponent would find and defeat him.  He swept the area with his eyes again, but saw no signs of his adversary.
Ayden thought of Freya's sightless eyes; if he wasn't looking so hard, maybe he could hear more clearly.  Lowering his eyelids, he listened intently. This usually had a wonderful calming effect; instead, the sickeningly sweet aroma of the flowering bush distracted him.  Dizziness seized his brain, and he teetered on his heels.  Bad idea!  His eyes snapped open. I have to get away from this stinking bush! he thought.  He longed to remove his hood as most of the morning mist had dissolved, allowing the sun to engulf him in a blanket of smothering heat.  But any movement would give away his position. 
The humidity caused Ayden's blue jeans to shrink against his legs. He vaguely recalled Freya warning him about wearing this type of clothing for this type of activity.  Discomfort closed in on him as the need to shift positions became near desperate.  
A whisper of rustling grass brought Ayden to attention.  A smile teased his lips as he tightened his fingers around the hilt of the sword concealed beneath his cloak. Finally! His blood raced through his veins as he readied himself for action.
With one fluid movement, Ayden leapt to his feet, spun around, and drew his sword from its hide-away, causing his cloak to dance on air around his body.  He'd barely raised his weapon before his opponent's sword crashed against it, sending a reverberating ring through the trees.  The shock of the impact jolted through Ayden's arms like volts of electricity.  His muscles tensed as he fought to keep his balance while also attempting to force his rival backward; but the greater intensity of the larger man's body and weapon caused the teen to falter back, his heel gouging the soft earth.  The two rivals gritted their teeth, attempting to force each other to yield as startled birds and animals fled the scene.
The swords broke away from one another as Ayden and his opponent stepped apart.  Looking steadily into one another's eyes, the pair slowly paced in a circle with swords raised as each attempted to decipher the other's next move.
Shaking his head, he tried to free his mind of the fuzziness that lingered from the purple flowers.  His opponent--a towering, muscular, dark-skinned man--took Ayden's lack of concentration as an opportunity and advanced swiftly.  Like partners in a deadly dance, they played their swords for several minutes using fluid, precise movements.  Matching one another in agility and reflexes, neither was able to get a hand over the other.
Ayden's hood fell away from his head, revealing his sweat-soaked, tousled brown hair.  The sudden slap of cooler air gave him a fresh surge of energy.  Quicker than a striking snake, he sliced his sword toward his opponent, knocking the weapon from his hand.
The smug smirk abruptly slid off of Ayden's face as the adversary slowly and confidently smiled back, revealing surprisingly straight, white teeth.  The larger man crossed his arms and grabbed daggers from opposite sides of his belt; he carefully drew them out and held them in front of Ayden, allowing him to see their deadly sharpness.  
Okay, I can handle this!  Sizing up the change of weapons, Ayden paced around his opponent; he made a few quick movements in attempt to psych his rival and then thrust his sword forward with full force.  With supernatural quickness and strength, the man crossed his daggers in front of his chest, catching Ayden's blade between them.  
As they broke apart once more, they passed the flowering bush.  To cool and calm himself, Ayden inhaled a deep breath of sugared air.  Another bad idea--the aroma of the flowers made him dizzy again, causing him to stagger.  He barely raised his sword in time to counter-act the force of his opponent's daggers.  Blinking rapidly, he tried to clear his head as the large man chuckled quietly. 
Ayden's opponent swiftly crouched and swung his leg around, slamming Ayden to the ground.  Before he could think or react, his adversary was on him.  The cold steel blade of the man's dagger dug into Ayden's neck, and a gigantic knee pressed against his chest, forcing the air from his lungs.  



Chapter Two
A Step Forward


The man stared at Ayden with slit pupils set in deep chocolate eyes. Neither made a movement except for the rising and falling of their chests and sides. Then, smiling broadly, the man removed the dagger from Ayden's throat and chuckled.  He replaced the weapons in his belt as he stood. 
Ayden took the enormous hand that was offered and was pulled to his feet.  "It's been a while since you've bested me, Volos," he stated breathlessly. 
Volos rolled his eyes and replied with an ocean-deep voice, "Yeah, an entire two days!"  He released a contagious laugh, shaking his glistening bald head.  "That's what you get for hiding next to a muddle bush," he said as he slapped Ayden on the shoulder.
After regaining his balance, Ayden questioned, "A what?"
"A muddle bush.  The perfume from those flowers is used to make potions that confuse your mind.  They're very effective."
"Yeah, very.  Interesting how Freya forgot to mention those to me before," Ayden said suspiciously.
"She probably didn't trust you to know about it," Volos teased.  "Anyway, now you know, so don't make the same mistake twice."
"Don't worry, I won't."  Ayden's stomach was still queasy.  He knew Volos was right, though. Freya knew him too well.  His mind was swimming with ideas of how to use muddle flowers for various mischievous purposes.  Making himself sick to get out of chores was first on his list. 
The companions walked toward an enchanting waterfall. The misty water cascade over a shining cliff like the silver hair of a siren. Ayden briefly wondered if he'd ever meet a siren. His pulse quickened at the thought. According to Freya, sirens were beautiful and could take down any man in combat.  Deadly beauty--always an intriguing combination!
The crystal clear water invited the men to drink as they knelt by the pool at the base of the falls.  Ayden studied his rippling reflection.  His brown, sweat-drenched hair stuck together in spikes, making him look like a porcupine.  He splashed water over his hair, taming it a bit, and then washed his face.  The water dripped off of his narrow chin and returned to the pool, causing a series of ripples in the water.  Ayden had pondered the mystery of where the water went; it was like the fountains in the OW, where the water seeped through unseen holes and pumped back up through the top of the fountain.  These pools must have underground streams running from them.
Ayden turned to watch his companion as he knelt by the water. Because of Volos' size, most people were terrified of him.  If only they knew what a teddy bear he really was.  
After drinking deeply, Ayden removed his cloak and splashed the water against his heated neck.  His head and stomach instantly cleared, and the tiredness evaporated from his body.  As he stood, he accidentally knocked a clump of dirt into the water.  He watched nervously as the sparkling water swirled madly around the dirt, attacking it.  When the water calmed, no sign of the dirt could be seen, and the pool was perfectly clean and clear again.  Ayden shook his head, fascinated.  Even after coming to this place for four years, he was still awed by its magic.
The companions walked toward the descending water.  They reached the cliff face next to the falls, and Volos ran his hand gently across the smooth, wet rock.  His large but gentle fingers pressed a tiny bulge shaped like a swirled snail shell as Ayden leaned in, but Volos whispered a password too quietly to hear over the thundering water.  A crease formed as if a giant finger blocked the falling water, and the men stepped forward.  Cool mist caressed Ayden's cheeks as he walked through the falls and into a damp, dark tunnel.  
He felt as if he was moving in slow motion through a half-dream as the sound of his and Volos' breath echoed eerily against the swirling jagged rock that surrounded them.  He knew this was the enchantment placed on the tunnel to discourage outsiders from venturing through, and he focused on Volos' solid form and walked straight ahead.
The men moved toward an opening framed by the spidery branches of a row of untamed caragana bushes.  Like a window, the doorway revealed a modest cottage guarded by seven ash trees and a large red barn behind which stood a small apple orchard. Behind the orchard rested a metal storage shed.  An 'S' shaped graveled driveway carried itself from this area and through a small grove of cottonwoods. Their seed floated lazily on the air like summer snow, cascading serenely to the grass and dirt road beneath them.  
Seeing that no one was watching, the men squeezed through the branches of the caraganas, the air compressing until Ayden thought he'd suffocate.  But then the branches rustled slightly as if touched by the wind, pushing them forward until they stepped into Freya's yard and into modern reality.  
As the companions approached the storage shed, Volos took a small golden key and opened the padlock that held the doors safely shut.  He entered the dimly lit shed and hung his daggers and sword tenderly on a royal blue cushioned wall.  
Ayden lifted his sword and grabbed a soft, white cloth from a hook to carefully polish the blade.  He felt like a kid in a candy shop as he looked at the assortment of weapons that lined the walls of the shed.  Some, such as the one he'd been using that day, were ordinary and used for training.  Others, however, were encased with sparkling jewels, and the gold and silver on them shining so brilliantly, they could've been formed from the very beams of the sun and moon.  
They should shine, Ayden mused.  Volos and Freya make me polish them enough!  Polishing and sharpening the weapons was one of Ayden's many chores, along with feeding the animals, cleaning out the barn, raking leaves, mowing, doing dishes, and helping plant, weed, water and harvest the garden.  In his opinion, he sometimes felt more like a workhorse than a person.  
Ayden complained about polishing the weapons, but it was the one chore he actually enjoyed.  He loved holding them and allowing the strength and confidence that seemed to emanate from them to course through his body.  He'd tried to show his friends from school the weapons once-and had been confused, enraged, and dismayed when he'd opened the doors and found regular garden tools. It had been humiliating. And, at that time, the only explanation Freya had offered was that, "People only see what they want to see". Then, she'd tried to make it all better with his favorite drink; hot chocolate and peppermint.
Grumbling about the past, Ayden caressed the weapon with the soft cloth, allowing other memories reflection in its shining blade.  A pang of loneliness touched his heart as he thought about Isabella.  He wished she was still around. She was someone who understood his feelings. Shaking his head, he forced those thoughts away before they could get too far.  
Instead, he re¬-directed his mind toward wondering why his guardians had waited so long to tell him about Shae Vale.  If he'd begun his training at age nine or ten, he could've been fighting real battles by now.  He was twelve when the shed incident had happened. And it had been another six months before Freya had told him the truth. That was after his thirteenth birthday.  He'd only had four years of training since, when he could've had seven or eight.
He moved the cloth along the now glistening steel blade.  He scowled as he looked up to ask Volos, "Why did you and Freya wait so long to tell me the truth about Shae Vale?" 
Volos shrugged as he grabbed a jeweled dagger and sat next to Ayden on a wooden bench.  He polished the weapon as gently as if it were a fragile egg.  "I guess she was worried.  You'd been through so much with losing your parents near that river and all."
Ayden's thoughts danced around the bits of memory left floating in his mind like ashes on the wind. Terrifying flashes assaulted his mind; his mother screaming, his dad yelling at him to run, his ankles burning.  To Ayden, rivers were things made of nightmares.  He was an expert at avoiding fishing and boating parties.  
"Plus, I'm sure she meant to protect you," Volos added absent- mindedly.
"Protect me from what?" Ayden abruptly ceased polishing to glare at Volos.
Volos gave him a quick sidelong glance and shifted uncomfortably before answering, "From being a defender--and from life in general."  He quickly put the dagger in its spot and left the shed.
Rubbing the hilt of his sword more vigorously, Ayden thought,.  Why do Freya and Volos always avoid my every question?  I wish they'd stop treating me like a kid! He scowled for a while, rubbing the blade until the cloth tore.  
Later, after padlocking the shed, Ayden coursed his fingers through his disheveled hair and strolled across the dewy earth toward Freya's house.  Not noticing the mud that his soft leather moccasins had collected, he walked through the door, leaving muddy footprints in his wake.  He stopped and examined the inside of Freya's house.  He remembered the first time he'd come here with his parents when he was young, and how he'd felt instantly at ease.  
Freya's house was simple.  She didn't like to complicate things with a lot of clutter.  And, even though she had fewer material possessions than anyone, Freya was the most content person Ayden had ever met.  
Everything in his grandmother's house seemed soft and comfortable.  Even the fresh breeze felt soft as it blew lightly through the open windows, causing the off-white lace curtains to dance cheerfully toward a round oak table.  A vase filled with mixed flowers Freya had picked earlier was displayed on the center of the table, sending a vibrant shock of color into the room.  The smell of lemon furniture polish mixed with the perfume of the flowers, and an unmistakable aroma of freshly baked chocolate chip cookies wafted toward Ayden.  He breathed deeply, closing his eyes and smiling as serenity wrapped around him like an old blanket.  
Ayden yelled and nearly jumped out of his skin as he opened his eyes. Freya was standing two feet in front him holding a mop and a bucket.  She hadn't made a sound when she'd approached.  "Sorry, dear. I didn't mean to startle you," she said as she held out the cleaning utensils.  She smiled, causing creases to fan next to her eyes and around her mouth.  The effect strangely made her look younger.  Strands of silver hair rebelled against her tidy bun and hung loosely against her graceful face and neck.  Her soft, colorful, loose dress rippled gently in the breeze.  The way Freya dressed reminded Ayden of pictures of women in foreign countries who wore straight, colorfully bright, and beautifully simple dresses.  In fact, that was a good description of Freya--beautifully simple.  
"Doing some mopping?" he teased.
"These are for you," Freya replied.
"What am I supposed to be mopping?"
"The mud that you just tracked in on my clean floor."
He looked down at his feet and the floor behind him.  Three muddy footprints followed him to where he stood.  "How did you know I tracked in mud?  I didn't even know I tracked in mud--and I can see."
"Ayden," Freya said, and he sighed.  He could tell by the way his grandmother said his name that he was about to get a lesson.
"What?"
Calmly oblivious to Ayden's unenthusiastic tone, Freya continued, "Sight is not the only gift we are given to aid us. Sometimes we must rely on things unseen."  He'd heard this many times, but stood and listened patiently, knowing better than to interrupt Freya. 
"Smell," Freya said as she inhaled deeply, just as Ayden had done moments before. "Touch," she ran one of her bare feet softly across the top of the soiled wood floor. "Sound," she stepped on a bit of mud that had already begun to dry and listened to it faintly crumble beneath her weight.  "All of our senses assist us in every circumstance.  And, when one fails us, the others work more strongly together to make up for the loss of the one."  
He knew that Freya's senses had intensified after she'd lost her sight while fighting beside her husband against a dark sorcerer.  A brilliant flash of white light had erupted from his staff when she'd unintentionally destroyed it, burning her eyes. 
"But most importantly," Freya added, touching Ayden on the chest over his heart, "You must trust this."  Ayden nodded obediently, knowing she felt his movement.
"Now, kindly clean up the mess you've made. A mess left today will come back and haunt you tomorrow!" she said in a sing-song way.  Ayden rolled his eyes as he took off his muddy shoes and placed them on a matt by the door.  He listened to Freya hum softly as she re-arranged the flowers in the vase while he mopped.
Volos opened the door and Jynx, Ayden's tonkinese cat, strolled in.  His padded feet made no sound, but left small, muddy footprints over Ayden's freshly mopped floor.  "Hey!  Watch where you're walking!" he scolded.  
Jynx squinted up at Ayden with his bright, baby blue eyes and rubbed against his leg.  His smoky fur, which grew darker at his ears, tail, and paws, rubbed onto Ayden's jeans.  "Thanks, now I'll have to clean up your hair, too."  He bent down and affectionately scratched Jynx behind the ear.  The cat released a purr-filled mew before strolling to the kitchen in search of a snack.
That evening, Freya motioned Ayden to come and sit with her and talk.  Jynx trotted closely behind as if attached by some invisible string as Ayden walked heavily to a dining room chair. These talks with Freya were always the same.  His training was going well.  She was proud.  Maybe, just maybe, sometime soon, he'd be allowed on a mission-all in good time.  Those were her favorite words.
Ayden quickly removed the whoopee cushion he'd placed on the chair for Volos and flopped it onto the floor. He grimaced as it made an unsavory sound.  Ignoring the noise, Freya spoke, "Ayden, your training has been coming along marvelously.  Volos sings your praises daily."  She beamed at him.
"That's great.  Glad to hear it," he said mechanically.  
"My lessons with you about the plants of Shae Vale and their uses have been successful beyond all my hopes, as well," she said.  He thought about asking why she'd failed to teach him about muddle flowers, but held his tongue.
Freya smiled and placed a hand on top of Ayden's as he forced back a sigh.  Just get it over with! he thought.  He was tired and ready to hit the sack.  "I believe it is time for you to begin your next level of training.  In seven days, you and Volos will take a journey deeper into Shae Vale.  There is a village, Lostar, which rests on the edge of a river.  A black dwarf has decided to make his home there and is causing a lot of trouble.  You will be responsible for removing him from the village and taking him to Hosgrow--a type of prison where he will be reformed or held for the remainder of his days."  
Taken aback, Ayden just stared at Freya.  She chuckled, obviously sensing his reaction.  Finally, he stuttered, "W-What?  Really?  Are you serious?"  His excitement mounted with every question.  Freya nodded as she blessed him with another radiant smile.
It's about time! Ayden first thought.  Then, he shifted uncomfortably.  He'd been waiting forever for this day to come, to go into Shae Vale and fight actual opponents.  But Freya had mention of a river; that familiar, stifling fear gripped his stomach.
Freya spoke encouragingly, "You are ready, Ayden.  Your quick thinking, reflexes, and sensitivity to your surroundings and to others are strong.  But training with Volos isn't enough.  You are needed for much greater things.  You are needed as a defender of Shae Vale."  
Although Freya's words were strong, a worried crease formed between her brows.  It was Ayden's turn to encourage his grandmother.  Shoving aside images of monster rivers he said, "I won't let you down, Freya.  And I promise to be careful."
"I know you will.  I have great confidence in you, Ayden.  I love you."
Ayden stood and gently embraced his grandmother.  "I love you, too."  They parted and Ayden bounded up the staircase and to his right where he entered his room.  As he sat on the edge of his bed, his thoughts swirled around inside his head like spontaneous dust devils.  In one week, he would finally begin a real adventure!



Chapter Three
Lostar


Ayden spent the next week constantly moving; he packed, fidgeted, sparred with Volos, paced the floor, and re-packed.  Finally, he and Volos were ready to leave for Lostar.  Daktari, an old friend of Freya's, arrived to guard the gateway in Volos' absence.  She chattered non-stop fluttering nervously from one spot to another as her thick dress, which Ayden was convinced she'd made from a patch-work quilt, swished around her round form.  She was like a scatter-brained humming bird. Ayden wondered if leaving the gateway, or his grandmother, in Daktari's care was a good idea.  But Freya assured him that her friend was capable and dependable.  
After re-instructing him of the innumerable facts he was supposed to remember about black dwarves, Freya bid him, Volos, and Jynx a proud, teary-eyed farewell.
Excitement trickled from Ayden's head to his toes as he stepped through the waterfall into Shae Vale.  Walking at a heated pace, his soft leather britches, which he'd willingly traded with his blue jeans, moved noiselessly over his legs.  Volos caught up to him and chuckled, "Slow down!  We have a few days before we reach Lostar.  Save your strength for when we get there."
"What's wrong? Can't keep up?" Ayden joked.  He forced himself to calm down and released Jynx who'd been trying to wriggle free of Ayden's smothering grip. (The cat had refused to be left behind.)  Ayden couldn't help being excited; this would be his first real battle.  But Volos had a point.  If he kept such a crazy pace, he would have no energy left by the time they reached the village.  
Ayden tried to relax by chatting non-stop with Volos and observing his surroundings.  He had to keep a mental note of things so that he could, someday, travel this area without guidance.  
The men reached a thick group of trees and were forced to walk single file for several hours.  After talking to the back of Volos' unresponsive, shining, bald head, Ayden became silent and let his mind wander.  
He watched Jynx disappear into the shrubbery after a bird as he tried to remember what Freya had told him about black dwarves.  A dwarf was "black listed" after he had been shunned from his clan for betrayal.  On the rare occasion this happened, the dwarf had sold treasure or information for the whereabouts to the clan's treasure for selfish purposes.  Being possessive and secretive creatures, dwarves found selling their secrets the highest offense.  If betrayers weren't killed on the spot, they were shunned.  Rarely did another clan accept them, either, as their reputation would be marred. This dwarf was probably going to be extremely defensive; he was vulnerable without the protection of his people. 
Ayden mentally reviewed his arsenal; he carried a small leather bag full of muddle powder.  That would be useless, considering dwarves were usually immune to most poisons.  A dagger was strapped to his ankle, a sword hidden beneath his cloak, two ropes, and his grandfather's cloak for camouflage.  This didn't seem like much to work with, but he hoped they wouldn't have to use them at all.  
Their first encounter would be all talk.  They were to endeavor to evoke the creature to come along peacefully, which Ayden was certain would be pointless.  After that, more forceful measures would be taken.  Keeping him away from any caves or tunnels was necessary, considering dwarves were experts at playing hide-and-seek.  The river also bordered the small village which the dwarf could use to escape if he became desperate.
The possibility of going near a river tightened Ayden's stomach.. He thought of his parents' disappearance and remembered the beginning of their camping trip.  He could still see his mom and dad teasing each other and laughing as they set up the tent. The bright sun seemed to laugh with them as its rays bounced cheerfully off of their hair and faces.  It was such a happy day with the air warm and clear; and they were together as a family.  
The next thing he remembered was waking up in the hospital with strange, burning wounds around his ankles.  He was told that their camp was ransacked, and a shattered boat had been found on some rocks along the shore.  Authorities had given up the search after a month of combing the area and not finding a trace of what might've happened to Ayden's parents.  
Shaking off a chill, Ayden forced himself to think of other things.  He had to stay focused, or he'd never be able to complete this mission.  Over the next two days, he concentrated on noting their surroundings and practicing his fighting skills with Volos
The companions set up camp as the sky grew dark at the end of the third day. They hadn't done any hunting on this trip as Freya had packed an overabundance of food.  After filling their bellies and talking tactics for a time, they both snuggled deeply into their wraps.  Volos immediately began snoring, causing Ayden to chuckle.  
Sleep came slower for him as his mind raced with thoughts of how the next day might unfurl--and of what a dwarf looked like in real life.  He had a mental picture from looking at illustrations in Freya's books, but things usually look different when they're standing right in front of you. 
Ayden looked at a crescent moon suspended in a diamond-studded sky.  He thought it strange that it was the same moon he gazed upon back home.  Jynx curled on his chest and purred as Ayden's foggy thoughts strayed to Isabella and of the day that had ended their relationship.  
He'd had to lie to her.  Not that he'd wanted to, but Freya had insisted. He had no one to blame but himself, though.  Freya and Volos had strictly forbidden him to bring any of his girlfriends near the gateway, let alone through it.  But, Isabella was special.  Plus, he'd been tired of his elder's confining rules.  He'd been arguing with Volos about it all that day and had later decided to rebel.  That night, he'd reveled in watching her discover with awe the many things that had become so familiar to him.
But after Isabella had been affected by the pink, puffy pods of poisonous pops, he'd had no other alternative but take her back to Freya's and administer the antidote.  Freya's voice resounded in his mind with one word, consequences.  He'd had to face up to what he'd done in order to save his friend a long and miserable sickness. To make matters worse, he'd had to lie to Isabella, telling her that everything she'd experienced in Shae Vale had been a dream, a hallucination from some flu bug she'd suffered.  
The sound of Jynx cacking--his jaw vibrating while a strange clicking emanated from his throat--startled Ayden awake.  The cat was focused on something on the other side of Ayden.  Jynx usually made this performance while stalking birds.  Ayden turned lazily to see what fowl would possibly be out this late. Maybe it was a bat.  He began to yawn, but instead yelled in surprise at the strange face that stared back at him.  
Ayden fumbled for his sword as he scrambled to his feet.  Shaking, he held the sword toward the face, only to realize it wasn't a face at all.  The giant decorative wings of a cosmic moon moth stared back at him.  The moth's nearly translucent wings spanned wider than Ayden's shoulders, and the circular blue design, along with the slender white body, formed what looked like eyes and a nose. 
Jynx leapt at the butterfly, sending it fluttering gracefully into the black air and out of sight.  Stupid giant bugs!  Ayden curled back into his blanket and fell asleep to the consistent rumbling of Volos' snoring. 
Gray clouds engorged with rain had covered the sky by the next day.  They hung low, threatening to burst open as the companions traveled.  Thankfully, Volos and Ayden arrived at Lostar before a drop hit the ground.
In spite of the dim weather, the village really did look like something from a fairytale; houses were constructed with enormous, rounded stones from the river bed, and silvery smoke rose lazily from the stone chimneys. Butterflies danced between flowers that complimented the borders of lush, green lawns.  A gaggle of chattering women dressed in loose white shirts and baggy brown trousers, waddled down a stone path and disappeared into one of the houses.  Upon looking at it from a distance, Ayden would never guess that the villagers of this peaceful setting were being tormented by a malcontented dwarf.
Volos led Ayden to one of the cottages where a wrought-iron sign in the shape of a stag, its antlers pointed outward as it charged, hung above the doorway.  As they entered, Ayden was surprised to realize they were in a bar.  He didn't know why, but he'd never thought about bars existing in Shae Vale. 
Ayden's heart pounded with excitement as he looked around the room.  Here, for the first time, he was face to face with the people of Freya's stories.  He expected to see men with pointed ears and mysterious eyes, adorned with exotic clothes and symbolic jewelry.  Instead, he found ordinary men, dressed in dull colors and looking as if they'd been drinking half the day.  The repugnant aroma of sweat, tobacco, and booze filled the thick air.  Ayden shoved his disappointment aside as he blinked against the smoke, reminding himself this was one very small part of Shae Vale.  He meandered to the bar after Volos. 
A tired looking man with silver-streaked, dingy brown hair stood behind the bar.  He pointlessly rubbed the stained wooden counter with an even dirtier rag.  "What'll it be?"  His voice carried complete lack of enthusiasm. His wearied eyes rested on the cat at Ayden's feet and he snorted, "No animals in here!"  Ayden put an insulted Jynx outside the doorway, and then rejoined Volos at the bar.  
"We are here for the black dwarf," Volos said in a nearly inaudible tone.  Even so, the room became deadly silent and Ayden's neck hair prickle as every eye turned toward them.  
The barkeeper came out of his mundane trance as loathing crept into his eyes.  "Don't speak of that filth in here!" he spat.  "Those creatures have more evil tricks than pixies, and they're ten times as mean!"
Volos' brows furrowed and his eyes became as clouded as the sky.  He spoke to the barkeeper, "To judge an entire group of people by the actions of one is foolish.  Not all dwarves are as this one.  He's been shunned from his clan for unforgivable crimes and is vulnerable.  Now, could you please tell us where we might find him?"
Ayden looked at Volos, surprised.  He'd never heard his companion speak so adamantly before.  His attention was distracted as another man in the room staggered up behind them.  He stank of ale and his black, stubble-infested face indicated that he'd forgotten how to shave.  "Why should we help you if you want to help it?" he spat.  His question was followed by a congregation of growling "yeas" and half of the men stood, loudly knocking over chairs and tripping over their own feet.
Volos ignored the commotion and calmly asked the barkeeper again where they could find the black dwarf.  Ayden felt slightly vulnerable, too, as the men in the room advanced toward them.  Trying to ignore his nerves, he set his feet at a firm stance and looked directly into the eyes of each of the men.  Secretly resting his hand on the hilt of his sword, he readied himself for imminent battle.
The men approached, staggering, but determined.  The first to reach them swung a fist; Ayden leaned back, easily avoiding the blow.  It was still and quiet for a moment before chaos broke free.  The bar was filled with shouting, the sound of glass breaking, and strange sight of bodies flying through the air.  Volos and Ayden remained near the counter, easily avoiding any contact by tilting to the side, ducking, or leaning backward.  The men in the bar had unwittingly turned on each other, biting, punching, and kicking until not one was left standing. Ayden turned at looked at Volos, his mouth hanging open.  He hadn't even gotten in a swing.
Volos smirked, and then turned to the man quivering behind the counter. The barkeeper generously offered all he knew about the location of the dwarf's dwelling place, his name, and all he'd been doing in the village since his arrival.  Volos had laid a few coins on the bar, thanking the man for his help, and they quietly left the building.  
Ayden was still trying to figure out exactly what had just happened as they approached a small, dark opening of a cave.  He stared into the void, squinting in attempt at seeing anything at all.  He was concentrating so intently that he jumped when Volos' deep voice broke the silence.  "Hard to believe he could fit all that he's accused of stealing in such a small space." 
Ayden had to agree.  He could barely imagine the dwarf fitting in there, let alone a stash of stolen goods.  "Do you think he's in there now?" he asked a little too eagerly.  He felt pumped at the thought of their first confrontation. He jerked out his sword and turned toward the village as several screams sounded through the still air.



Chapter Four
The Black Dwarf


Volos' large hand grabbed his shoulder and held him fast.  "We are to talk to him first, remember?  Besides, we don't have to go to him.  If this really is his home, he'll be coming to us shortly."
Ayden took a deep breath and slowly returned the sword as he exhaled.  They only waited a few moments before a short, squatty creature appeared, rapidly waddling their way.  
To say he was hairy would've been an understatement.  Dark tangles of long brown strands sprouted from every part of his body--except for the very top of his head.  Shreds of stained clothing hung limply from his body, and the little patches of skin that could be seen through all the hair was covered with soil and grease.  He was nothing like the pictures Ayden had seen of proud looking dwarves with neatly groomed beards and clean, noble clothing.  
The dwarf was hunched and clutching something to his chest.  His gravelly laughter wafted through the air toward Ayden and Volos.  He was so involved with his own apparent victory, that he didn't see them until he was practically on top of them. When he realized he wasn't alone, he stopped dead in his tracks and surveyed the intruders through narrowed, yellow eyes.  The dwarf stood perfectly still for so long that Ayden wondered if he was hoping they hadn't noticed him and would walk away.  Finally, he cautiously asked, "What do you want?"
Volos looked to Ayden and jerked his head toward the dwarf.  Surprised, Ayden shook his head; he had no idea how to proceed.  Volos looked sternly back at Ayden and gave him a curt nod.  Ayden sighed heavily and turned back to the dwarf who was looking as if he would've taken off running if this had gone on a second longer; but he remained immobile as Ayden took a step forward. 
Trying to be friendly, Ayden asked the dwarf his name, even though the barkeep had already told them.  "Nonya" was the dwarf's reply.  Ayden wondered to himself why the dwarf gave a false name, but nodded politely before the dwarf burst out with a deep belly laugh.  "Nonya business!" he shouted, and then laughed in Ayden's face.  "Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!"  
Feeling like a complete idiot, Ayden approached the dwarf again.  "Look, Skeezicks, we've had reports of someone doing a lot of stealing and rampaging around the village, stuff like that?"  The dwarf stopped laughing at hearing his true name.  "You wouldn't know anything about that, would you?" Ayden asked.
The dwarf answered huffily, "'Course I don' know nothin' 'bout that!  I've been treated poorly since comin' here--had lots of bad luck!"  
"You wouldn't mind us taking a look inside your, uh, home then would you?"  Ayden asked, sure the dwarf would resist.  But he politely obliged, motioning for Ayden to take a look.  He even pulled a lantern out of nowhere and handed it to him.  
Surprised, Ayden looked to Volos for some sort of confirmation that this was how things were supposed to go.  The man's face was unreadable and he made no movement to assist his younger companion.
Ayden gritted his teeth with frustration and knelt down to peer apprehensively into the cave.  With sudden force, his head smashed into the jagged mouth of the cave, and he fell backward.  As the stars dissipated from his vision, the dwarf ran past him and cackled his way deep into the cave, out of sight and out of reach.
Ayden rubbed the lump forming on his scalp and turned toward Volos, who was shaking his head and holding back a laughing fit.  "You remember anything I taught you?"
Heat rushed to Ayden's cheeks as he angrily scrambled to his feet.  Avoiding Volos' eyes, he made a performance out of brushing leaves and dirt from his clothes.  "We need a plan," he said to Volos.
"Now you're starting to make sense."
"Uh ,what should we do?"
"First, we need to find a place to sleep for the night.  Then, we can go over some ideas.  C'mon."
Volos motioned for him to follow.  They approached another cottage with a wooden sign of a duck with its neck curled back against its body; its eyes were closed as it slept peacefully on a very comfortable looking cloud.  
A plump, rosy-cheeked woman greeted them warmly as they entered the inn.  The atmosphere inside the building was intoxicatingly warm and relaxed-completely opposite from the bar at the edge of town.  Warm, golden wood lined the walls, and a faint scent of cinnamon tickled Ayden's nostrils.  The exhaustion he'd been ignoring settled in his body, and he wanted nothing more than to curl up in a soft bed and sleep.  
Volos procured a room for the night, and then Ayden followed him sleepily back into the cool evening.  Spats of rain finally released from the clouds struck his face, reviving him as he followed Volos to a dining cottage.
While they ate, Volos and Ayden discussed some ideas of how to capture their wily target.  Several people in the dining hall overheard their conversation and offered their assistance.  They were all more than eager to be rid of their newest resident.
After much deliberation, a solid plan was formed.  The townspeople agreed to use some of their finer possessions as bait to lure the dwarf from his cave.  The people would form a perimeter around the bait, hidden from view.  When the dwarf came to help himself to what he found, Ayden would tackle him, tying his arms and legs before he could get away.  He'd done this once before on a calf.  But he didn't think mentioning this was important.  The human perimeter would stay in place until the dwarf was caught in case he slipped through Ayden's fingers.
He went to bed that night feeling excited.  They had a foolproof plan, what could go wrong?  He turned to Volos to express his thoughts on the matter, only to find his companion sitting with his eyes closed and his hands folded; he was deep in meditation.  Ayden had forgotten all about doing that.  
A lesson from Volos flashed through his mind.  "Whatever weapons you choose, even if those weapons are your hands, those weapons are an extension of you.  If you have control of yourself, you will have control of your weapons, and you will have control of your situation.  Meditation is the key to gaining that self- control."  
Meditation was meant to clear Ayden's mind of negative thoughts that might hinder his performance.  However, his mind always wandered into daydreams when he tried.
Feeling confident that all would go well the next day, not to mention being exhausted, Ayden passed on the meditation.  Snuggling deep into the down-filled mattress, he allowed the rhythmic sound of the rain lull him to sleep.
The next day, everything was set up early.  The bait was set in an inconspicuous spot to avoid the dwarf's suspicion, and the townspeople took their positions along with Ayden and Volos.  The rain had thankfully spent itself during the night, but had left everything a muddy, mucky mess.  Jynx kept clear of the slop as he sat atop a barrel next to a lovely gray cat, both curiously watching the activity.  
Two hours passed with no sign of the dwarf.  Ayden wondered if Skeezicks was keen to their operation and had decided to stay hidden for the day.  Then, his sensitive ears caught the slightest sound. Th-wuck.  Th-wuck. Th-wuck.  Something was walking through the mud, its feet suctioning in the stickiness.  The black dwarf was coming!
The suctioning grew louder, and just as the dwarf came within a few feet from the bait, one of the towns-people stepped from his post and shouted, "I don't think he's co--"  It was at this point that he noticed the dwarf.  Realizing his mistake, the man stood motionless as Ayden held his breath, hoping the fool's actions hadn't spoiled the plan.  The dwarf, however, appeared suddenly aware of many eyes staring at him. He quickly grabbed the bag of goods and turned, slopping through the mud as quickly as his stubby legs would allow.  
Ayden took action.  His target and his footing fought for his focus as he slipped after the more sure-footed dwarf.  He could hear Volos yelling instructions and the sound of several pairs of feet slopping behind him.  Thankfully, they reached a grassy area where the footing was more secure and Ayden was able to gain more ground with his longer strides.  
Grabbing a rope from his belt, Ayden swung a lasso above his head.  Aiming carefully, he caught the dwarf's ankle and pulled him down face first into the wet grass.  Feeling good about himself, Ayden bore down on the creature, ready to tie his hands and legs.  But Skeezicks had other plans; as Ayden reached to grab him, the dwarf forcefully flung his newfound treasure, hitting Ayden squarely in the face.  
Not again!  Stars disrupted Ayden's vision.  He got up quickly, shaking his head to rid the fog that threatened to settle there, and continued to pursue his target. 
He was so focused on chasing Skeezicks that he didn't notice where they were heading.  The dwarf ran over the top of a small embankment and out of sight.  As Ayden reached the top of the same embankment, he felt as if he'd run into a brick wall; the river waited on the other side.  Swirling, foaming, roaring water gushed furiously over large, rounded boulders and cut into the riverbank, leaving a sharp edge that dropped abruptly into the dark water. 
Ayden stood there, the warmth draining from his body, as the river became a living creature.  With every rapid beat of his heart, the water growled louder and gushed more furiously.  Ayden breathed in short bursts as he heard distant voices yelling.  What were they saying?  His name--he heard someone calling his name!  Did they want him to turn back?  
Holding his breath, he attempted to hear the voices better.  Tingling and then numbness enveloped his body as the scene around him grew dim.  He was falling; his body crashed to the ground and his ankles throbbed.  Panic gripped his chest.  He had to get away--get away before they reached him?
Ayden woke to Jynx's rough, wet tongue licking his nose.  What happened? He slowly opened his eyes to see a ring of heads hovering over him.  "Ayden, you alright?"  Volos' deep voice was edged with concern.  
"'Dwarf must've hit 'em harder than he thought," one of the heads in the circle stated.  
"He froze up, wasn't up to the challenge," another whispered. 
"Back up and give him some air," Volos demanded.  Everyone timidly backed away.  
Ayden smirked and said, "If I didn't know better, I'd say they were afraid of you."  He surveyed his surroundings. They were back at the grassy area where he had chased the dwarf earlier.  The dwarf!  "What happened?  Did Skeezicks get away?"  he asked in alarm as he sat up too suddenly.  His head throbbed and he had to blink several times to fight back a serious head rush.  
"After you fro--uh, passed out, your big friend here leapt over you, caught, knocked out, and tied the dwarf, and then carried you both back up the embankment, all in about five seconds' time!" a villager said in a rush.  Then he spoke with awe, "Never seen anything like it." 
Skeezicks lay a few feet away, grumbling and groaning while attempting to wriggle free from his restraints.  Ayden watched him for a few seconds and then turned to Volos.  "I failed, then."  The heaviness of defeat settled on his shoulders as he realized that he'd screwed up his first real mission. 
"You didn't fail, Ayden.  You learned."  Volos patted Ayden reassuringly on his shoulder.  "Let's get you cleaned up and dried off," he said and helped Ayden to his feet. After steadying him, Volos walked to the dwarf and took a silvery piece of paper from the scrap of pocket on his shirt.
"What's that?" Ayden asked, rubbing his head.
Volos quickly stuffed the paper in his own pocket.  "Nothing important.  We'll deal with it later."  Ayden didn't question further.  His head was pounding and he just wanted to get back to their room.
Many of the townspeople that had stayed safely indoors during the events of the morning emerged and cheered enthusiastically as the group of men walked past, the black dwarf bound and stumbling between them.  Despite the grand celebration and Volos' words of encouragement, Ayden couldn't shake his disappointment or the uneasiness that hovered over him.  
Having failed to capture Skeezicks wasn't all that bothered Ayden.  Unlike his nightmares in the past, his visions that had occurred by the river did not dissolve.  Instead, they remained solid and clear, planting a stony seed of new fear in the pit of his stomach--the fear of remembering the truth.



Chapter Five
Hosgrow


Trying to forget his failures, Ayden questioned his superior as they walked. "Why didn't you take the money?"  The people of Lostar had offered a huge sum of gold for capturing the black dwarf, who now walked solemnly between them.  They were entering the forest in search of Shae Vale's prison, Hosgrow.
"We aren't in this for money.  If you become a defender for money, you'll get greedy.  With greed in your heart, it's easier to get distracted and easier for Degas to get a hold on you," Volos replied.
Even though Ayden understood what Volos was saying, he couldn't help thinking of all the things he would've done with the gold.  He was still thinking about it when they set up camp that night.
"Hosgrow is only a few hours further, but it's best if we don't travel at night," Volos stated.  Ayden immediately scanned the area for mischievous pixies and shadow dwellers; they would be thicker this deep into Shae Vale, and they loved preying on those who let their guard down, especially someone from the Other World, like him.
He shivered, thinking of man-shaped shadows called doons that could slither from one dark spot to the next like black snakes. He'd been hearing a lot about vampires lately, too.  Those were creatures he wished were just romantic fantasy characters made up in the Other World. 
Ayden quickly formed an organized pile of twigs over grass and lit a fire. The warm blaze helped to quell visions of creeping shadows and fanged beings. Volos knelt beside Skeezicks, who was tied securely to a tree.  Ayden's respect for his mentor increased as he watched Volos carefully feed the dwarf.  It was a strangely powerful sight; this huge, muscular, frightening looking man humbling himself by ever so gently feeding seemingly worthless creature.  
A twinge of guilt pinched Ayden at his own selfish thoughts.  Hadn't Freya and Volos shown him that he didn't need a lot to be truly happy?  Still, a part of him wanted greater things sometimes.  
Jynx sat at Ayden's feet and cleansed himself intricately from head to toe.  Several minutes later, he leapt into Ayden's lap and purred contentedly.  Ayden scratched the cat's chin, allowing the motion and Jinx's contented rumbling melt away his tension. As golden firelight danced among the trees, Ayden slowly drifted to sleep.
The sky was donning its murky-gray pre-dawn cloak when Ayden and Volos were awakened by a loud yowling.  Ayden reflexively grabbed his sword before he could shake the sleep from his brain.  
Jynx's smoky ears were plastered against his head, his back was arched, and his tail looked more like a raccoon's as it was puffed twice its normal size. He hissed and growled at the dwarf who worked feverishly at the last knot that still bound his ankles.  
Volos leapt to his feet and had the dwarf's arms before he could twitch.  Ayden grabbed the loose ropes and quickly re-tied the restraints.  "Make sure it's tight!"  Volos commanded through gritted teeth.  As Ayden reached around the dwarf to secure the rope, Skeezicks bent his head and sank his teeth into Ayden's arm.  Yelling, he knocked Skeezicks in the jaw with his elbow, causing the dwarf's head to bash into the tree behind him.  His eyes rolled back as he groaned.  Ayden pulled the knots as tight as his strength would allow.  
When the commotion settled, Ayden turned toward Jynx.  "Well, my friend, you earned your keep tonight," he said breathlessly as he rubbed his injured arm.  Jynx sat and squinted up at him, looking smug.
Volos turned toward the eastern sky as he wiped sweat from the top of his head.  "The sun will rise soon.  Let's get ready to go.  The sooner we get him," he gestured with his head toward the dwarf, "to Hosgrow, the better."
The sun was well into the sky and the day was getting uncomfortably warm when Volos came to an abrupt halt.  Ayden looked around, wondering at his friend's sudden stillness.  They stood at a large, vacant clearing covered with lush, green grass.
"What is it?" he asked Volos.
"We're here," Volos replied.
Ayden looked at the patch of grass, confused.  He turned back to Volos.  "I don't understand.  I thought we were taking him to a prison."
"We have."  Volos smiled and explained, "It's hidden with the same kind of magic that Freya used to fool you and your friends the day you tried to show them the weapons.  It's a magic that must be experienced in order to learn."
"What do I do?" Ayden asked, not even attempting to hold back his excitement.  He'd experienced the effects of magic before, but he'd never performed it.
"You have to concentrate.  Focus all your attention and energy on the grassy area.  Clear your mind of anything else--envision clearly what it is you want to see."
Ayden stared at the grass, trying to picture some sort of large, brick building with barred windows.  Nothing happened.
Skeezicks released an evil, wheezing laugh and taunted, "He can't see it!  He'll never see it!  Humans can't do magic--they're weak. He wouldn't see it if it was a snake about to strike!"
"Quiet," Volos commanded.  Skeezicks ceased talking, but continued to quietly wheeze.  "He's only trying to distract you.  You obviously can't enter until you release the magic around it.  Try again.  Only, don't imagine a prison from your world.  In fact, try just thinking of the word, 'Hosgrow'.  Focus your mind on that one word and nothing else."
Ayden wasn't sure he could make this happen.  He could still hear Skeezick's ugly laughter, and his mind was trying too hard to comprehend how anything could actually be in that empty space.  
"Can't do it!"  Skeezicks blurted out, causing Ayden to jump.  
That's it! Ayden's brows furrowed, determined to show that dwarf, not to mention Volos and himself, that he was capable of doing something right.  
Focusing his attention, Ayden repeated over and over in his mind, Hosgrow, Hosgrow, Hosgrow?  Slowly, Skeezicks' taunts faded and Ayden's mind cleared of anything but that one word.  The air above the grass rippled, like heat over a paved road on a hot day.  The ripples gradually slowed and took on a jelly-like form; something--a blurred white shape--shown inside the jelly, distracting Ayden for a moment.  The forms dissolved slightly, and he forced himself to concentrate again.  Finally, a solid, great, white stone building stood before them.  Vines crept over the walls, their leaves shimmering different, brilliant colors.  A silvery wooden doorway engraved with graceful designs stood directly in front of them. 
Volos smiled proudly at Ayden.  "I knew you'd be able to do it quickly.  It took me twelve hours the first time I tried."
Ayden gave the suddenly quiet dwarf a smug look before he turned his attention back to the doorway.  Volos raised a fist and gave the silvery wood two solid knocks.  The door swung inward on silent hinges and a man almost as tall as Volos stood in the opening.  His skin was as pale as Volos' was dark, but held a healthy glow. His straight, pure white hair brushed against his square shoulders.  Much to Ayden's awe, pointed ears poked out through the hair.  Eyes the color of blue ice which held contradicting warmth, sparkled at his company.  
The elf's clothes perfectly matched his eyes and hair; a loose fitted, silky, blue, long-sleeve shirt hung delicately from his shoulders; and his pants were brilliant white.  A silver sash hung around his waist and soft silver shoes peeked from the bottom of his pants. 
"We have been expecting you, young Ayden," the elf said, his voice so smooth and gentle, Ayden was immediately at ease.  Turning to Volos, the elf extended a hand and rested it on the side Volos' shoulder, his expression delighted at seeing a treasured friend after a long absence.  Volos returned the gesture, also smiling broadly.  "It has been far too long, Master Volos.  Do you and your young friend have time to visit?"
Ayden found himself hoping that Volos would say yes.  He liked this man, or elf, who carried a sense comfort and familiarity about him. 
"You know I would love to stay a long while, Ahriman.  Maybe just a tour for young Ayden.  We need to get back to Freya; she'll be anxious for our return."
Trying not to become annoyed at Volos for suddenly calling him "young Ayden", the teen excitedly followed the elf through the doorway.  He wouldn't have called the place a prison; white stone fountains spouted sparkling water, and lush plants and flowers grew over the shining white walls, creating a restful scene.  Void of a roof, the enormous walls yawned toward the cloudless sapphire sky.  Smooth, marbled stones made delicate pathways through the same soft green grass Ayden had seen before the prison had appeared.
Frequently on their tour, Ayden would see what he would call an inmate sitting peacefully on a stone bench, reading or listening to music sung by elves or played on earthy instruments.  The music was so full of hope and beauty, Ayden found himself wishing he could sit and listen for a long time.  Some of the music caused him to blink back tears.
Ahriman raised an eyebrow at Ayden and then explained, "Our goal here is not necessarily to punish, but to help.  Most often we find that those brought to us are not evil, only lost.  We help them to face and overcome their pain and their fears.  Most of our residents fully recover and are released.  Sadly, there are those whose hearts have become so black and so hardened that they are beyond hope.  They reside here."
They had come to a place much less appealing than the rest of the prison.  A succession of large rooms surrounded by light gray stone stood before them.  Openings vacant of doors or bars revealed inhabitants that, at first glance, appeared as normal as anyone.  However, the darkness clouding their eyes gave Ayden a sharp sense of unease.  "What's keeping them from walking out here?" he asked nervously.  The gaping doorways seemed suddenly too wide as they walked from one room to the next.  
"Do not worry," Ahriman smiled reassuringly.  "The magic that holds them inside cannot be broken by anyone or anything from this world or yours.  Only Death has the power to release them."  Those words seemed unnatural coming from one so full of hope and promise. 
Shivering, Ayden turned away from the gray area with the others.  For the first time since they'd entered, Ayden looked at Skeezicks.  The dwarf's skin was as pale as the walls and his yellow eyes were large and bulging.  Ayden suddenly felt pity for the creature as tears welled in the black dwarf's eyes.  He began to understand what Ahriman had said earlier.  Maybe this dwarf wasn't so black after all--only lost and alone.  He truly hoped that Ahriman would be able to help him.
After saying their farewells, Volos and Ayden walked back toward the trees and began their journey home.  The creepy feeling from the dark inhabitants still lingered on Ayden's neck.  He stopped and looked back.  Hosgrow had vanished, leaving a blank patch of grass as the only clue to its existence.  Concentrating, he willed to see the prison again.  The only response Ayden received was an eerie moaning of wind through the surrounding trees.  Stifling another shiver, he turned and ran to catch up with Volos.



Chapter Six
Secrets


The flight of a dragonfly caught Ayden's attention long enough to distract his mind from visions of dark-souled people escaping Hosgrow's gray area.  Losing interest, he turned away.  But, as the "dragonfly" came closer, Ayden gave it a closer inspection. He gasped as he realized it wasn't an insect, but the tiniest human-like form he'd ever seen; the thing zipped around so rapidly that anyone not paying close attention could have easily mistaken it for a bug. 
Volos raised his hand as a signal to keep quiet, and then whistled a soft, lilting note.  The sound was high pitched; Ayden was certain that if his ears hadn't been so fine-tuned, he probably wouldn't have heard it at all.  
Jynx watched curiously and even attempted a swat at the tiny creature with his paw.  It dodged away easily and then came to Volos as he outstretched his hand, allowing it to land noiselessly in his giant palm. 
The pixie looked as if one of Freya's pictures had magically come to life. The veins in her oval shaped, transparent wings sparkled as she surveyed Ayden with her stunningly large, orange eyes.  Her hair, which was kept in a braid, was exactly the color of a brand new, shiny penny.  A colorful top accented her bare, bluish arms, and pants made of butterfly wings covered long, slender legs that tapered to her delicate bare feet.  A mesmerizing air hung about her that caused Ayden to stare stupidly, his mouth hanging open.
Volos gave Ayden a sidelong glance and smiled.  Then he turned to the pixie, who was batting her long eyelashes at Ayden.  Volos conversed with the creature, using the high-pitched whistling.  The pixie jerked her head toward Volos and, "whistling" back at him, scowled.  He chuckled and continued their conversation.  The pixie's expression relaxed and she smiled again.  Ayden felt awkward being excluded from the conversation.
But as Ayden listened to Volos and the pixie, he could swear he heard words.  Maybe he was being paranoid, but he was certain they'd said his name and then something about Freya.
After giving Ayden a wink, the pixie shot off and was out of sight within seconds.  "What was that all about?" Ayden asked dreamily, suddenly intoxicated over the pixie's winking at him.
"Nyxia is a messenger.  Your grandmother was checking up on us. I sent word that we've completed the mission and are heading home."
"What did you two say about me?" he asked suspiciously as they walked through the forest.
Volos looked surprised and then shrugged. "I only told her your name. She thought you were handsome," he said in a teasing sort of way.  "She would've tried to trick you if I hadn't been with you."
"She wouldn't have tricked me," Ayden replied coolly. 
"Judging by the way you were staring and drooling, I'd say she would have!"  Volos replied, laughing.
Ayden had a strong urge to change the subject.  "How is it that you know Ahriman so well?  Did you used to fight together?"
Volos' expression sobered, and he took a long time to answer.  Ayden thought he hadn't heard and was about to ask the question again when Volos spoke gravely, "I once lived at Hosgrow."
This was not what Ayden had expected.  He'd never known much about Volos' past, but that had never mattered before.  Now, curiosity tugged at him, and he couldn't resist asking more questions.  "You lived there?  You mean, as an inmate?"
"As a resident," Volos corrected him.
Mischievously excited, Ayden asked, "What did you do?"
Volos' body tensed and his face became as stone.  His jaw muscle bulged as he clenched his mouth shut and marched on, his eyes set on the path ahead. Ayden wished he'd kept his mouth shut.
Ayden walked silently behind Volos for nearly an hour, his mind racing with possibilities of what Volos had done.  He didn't ask more questions, however, scared the rage that had suddenly gripped his friend might somehow be released in a violent way.
They finally came to the path leading back to Lostar.  However, Volos turned and told Ayden that they would not be taking that path, but one that trailed to the south.  This way, Ayden could learn more of the area.  It would take three more days to reach home.
"Three days?  Aren't there any vehicles or horses or any quicker forms of transportation here?" Ayden asked in protest.
"Yes.  But you need to keep in shape, and you'll be able to get a better mental picture of our surroundings if we walk."
Thankful that Volos was back to his normal self, Ayden didn't push the matter.  Then, thinking of the pixie, he asked, "How long will it take Nyxia to reach home?"
"An hour.  She's probably been there and gone by now."
"AN HOUR?  Insane!"  Ayden said admiringly.
Their entire journey home was a learning experience, and Ayden was actually glad that they were walking.  For the first time, he saw more of the plant and animal life that Freya had told him about.  Volos often pointed out specific land marks so Ayden could make a mental note. 
At last, at noon on the third day, they reached familiar territory. They were still a couple of miles from the gateway, but Ayden was so excited he started running.  Jynx shared Ayden's enthusiasm and arched his tail and friskily raced after his master.  Even Volos joined in the race as all three sped toward home. 
Upon stepping through the caragana hedge, Ayden suddenly felt as if he'd been gone a decade.  Freya waited for them with outstretched arms and a brilliantly warm smile.  She giggled happily as she embraced her grandson.  "Welcome home! Welcome home!" she sang.  She released Ayden and hugged Volos in turn before leading them to the house.
Inside, Daktari bustled over a stove full of bubbling, steaming food as they entered the kitchen.  "Ah, welcome home! How was your journey? Did the dwarf give you any trouble? Where did you stay?  Lostar is so nice this time of the year, don't you think? Did you see any fairies while you were there?" She asked this succession of questions, hardly taking a breath and leaving no chance for anyone to reply.  
She would've continued, but Freya interrupted her friend, "Daktari, dear, give them some time and some air.  I think you both are ready for a hot bath."  She turned toward Ayden and Volos as she wrinkled her nose.  
"Go ahead," Volos said, looking at Ayden.  Even though he knew good and well that Volos would be telling Freya all that had happened on their trip, he couldn't resist the hot bubbly water that was calling to his tired muscles.
After a soothing bath and the best dinner he could remember eating, Ayden followed Freya into the living room where they sat down to talk.  Ayden's full stomach flip-flopped as he knew they would have to discuss what happened near the river.  However, Freya didn't begin with that subject.  Instead, she smiled and gave his hand a gentle squeeze.  "My dear Ayden, I am so proud of you!  Volos told me how well you did at Lostar."
Feeling uncomfortable, Ayden answered, "Freya, I failed.  Didn't Volos tell you how I fell apart and how Skeezicks would've gotten away if he hadn't been there?"
Freya continued to smile and replied, "It is as Volos told you by the river.  You did not fail, only learned.  Every experience is given us to choose what we will take from it.  The important thing is that you gave it your best effort, and you never gave up.  Although, meditating beforehand would've helped you greatly."
Ayden dug at his fingernails as he remembered how he'd brushed off meditating the night before the mission.  As for the rest of what Freya had said, he wasn't convinced she was right.  He felt no pride in his mission to Lostar.  
Reading his mind, Freya spoke again, "It is good, Ayden, that things happened the way they did.  If you'd had no trouble whatsoever on your first mission, you might've become prideful.  Pride makes you weak.  If you had become prideful over this mission, you certainly would have failed the next."
Still not feeling good about the whole thing, Ayden decided to confide in Freya about his vision by the river.  Creases formed between her brows as she listened intently to every detail.  Ayden couldn't keep himself from shaking as the memories of that day rushed his mind while he spoke.  
When he finished, Freya sat silently for several minutes.  Finally, she spoke, "Ayden, it is good that you are beginning to remember.  Don't be afraid of your past.  If you don't allow it, your past can no longer harm you."  She stopped and it seemed that she was contemplating saying more, but decided against it.  Instead, her expression softened and she gave him a warm hug before instructing him to go to bed.
Not even the bed at the Lostar Inn could've felt better as Ayden sank into his covers.  His body was exhausted, but his mind raced on, thinking over every event of the past week.  He wondered, too, what Freya was still hiding from him.  A strange foreboding settled over him. Whatever she's hiding, it can't be good!



Chapter Seven
The Dead Sorcerer


The secrets that Volos and Freya were hiding from Ayden nagged at him constantly.  What had Volos done to end up at Hosgrow? And why did Freya always look like she wanted to tell him something, but then clamp her lips and say nothing? She always seemed to have a worried crease between her brows, too, which didn't help ease his mind.
Ayden mulled over the possibilities the many times he and Volos traveled into Shae Vale over the next several months.  It seemed like Volos was trying to keep him as busy as possible, to keep his mind off of whatever it was Freya was concerned about.  But, his fighting skills were sharpening as they fought humans, trolls, fairies, and other creatures gone bad.  Before long, he was able to complete most of their missions with little or no help from Volos.  
And, in spite of his elders' secrets, he was also having a lot of fun.  
Much of the time, though, Ayden didn't enjoy their quests into Shae Vale.  In this line of work, he saw too clearly the negative effects of Degus' work; once noble and beautiful creatures had become sour and unpleasant, fighting even their own kin.  Stealing, killing, rampaging, everything deplorable one could think of had become common place in many of the once peaceful villages.  
His blood blazed when he saw children acting in these horrific ways, following the examples of their wayward elders.  Their little eyes, which should have shone with bright with wonder and joy, resembled those dark eyes of the inhabitants of the gray area at Hosgrow.  Shadow dwellers were slowly taking over, courtesy of Degus.
Ayden and Volos were hunting a dead sorcerer, or a sorcerer who'd lost his powers, in a village near the elf city, Thildin.  Dead sorcerers were known to be violent, having lost a part of them so important to their existence.  Ayden imaged it would be like losing both hands.
The villagers here were prime examples of what Ayden had learned to loath.  People of all ages watched the companions with guarded faces as they walked the streets of an otherwise beautiful village.  Like Lostar, many of the buildings were made from large river boulders.  Ayden tried not to think about the fact that this particular village, Ulway, was surrounded by rivers.  
A crowd had already gathered along the edges of the cobbled square where the dead sorcerer had emerged.  More spectators made their way out of gift cottages and dining halls.  Ayden gave Volos a quick glance before approaching the wild, tooth-pick thin man.  The man held a crude looking weapon.
Ayden pulled his cloak away, revealing the sword that hung at his hip.  "Please, come with us now.  We don't want to hurt you," he said calmly.
The sorcerer's wild eyes looked around frantically for a moment before he glared at Ayden .  Then he murmured strange words, attempting a curse.  Ayden felt a pang of pity. "You can stand down, or we can force you to stand down. The choice is yours," he said a little more sternly. He wanted to get this over with quickly.
As the dead sorcerer charged at Ayden with his rusty, jagged-edged sword, Ayden drew his own blade. The sound of metal on metal rang through the air as Ayden easily spun out of harm's way.
The dead sorcerer charged again, but Ayden was ready. With one swift move, he disarmed the sorcerer, flinging the man's weapon into the air.  As the crude blade spun, Ayden grabbed his rope, tackled the startled sorcerer, and had him tied before the man's weapon descended and came to clattering halt on the cobbled street.
The echo of that sound died away into silence before the crowd erupted in cheers.  As so many other times, Ayden felt he didn't deserve their applause; he wished he could stop the pain of others before they became dark and broken.
"Well, that was easy!" Volos chuckled as he slapped Ayden on the back. 
Not able to resist a smile, Ayden answered, "Yeah, easy for you." He pulled the sorcerer to his feet and they walked through the crowd. I hope there is help for you at Hosgrow, Ayden thought.  The sorcerer's face was dark and pained.
As they left the square, Jynx appeared.  His movement drew Ayden's attention to the edge of the crowd; he locked eyes with a girl his age. She twirled a finger through the end of her long, brown braid as she stood next to a kindly looking elf.  The excitement and hope that blazed in her green eyes gave Ayden the courage and desire to continue defending Shae Vale.  There was hope for this sorcerer and for others out there.  He had to keep believing that. He gave the girl a nod and a smile, hoping she'd understand his gratitude. 
As they left the village, a flash of bright red hair caught the edge of his vision.  Heart beating wildly, he searched the crowd.  Volos touched his shoulder, making him jump.  "What's up?" he asked.
"I-I don't know," Ayden replied as he kept searching.  "I thought I saw someone." He shrugged and forced a casual smile.  "Guess I was seeing things."
As they made their way out of the village, Ayden kept looking back, searching.  He was sure, just for a moment, he'd seen his old girlfriend Isabella's fiery red curls amongst the crowd.



Chapter Eight
First Kill


On the journey home after leaving the dead sorcerer at Hosgrow, Ayden forced himself to forget about Isabella.  How could she possibly be here, anyway? he thought. Maybe he was just homesick, lonely for something or someone from his former reality.
Ayden shook his head and turned his thoughts on the girl he'd seen in the village with the long brown braid.  He wondered what it would be like to have more people helping with their missions.  Not that they couldn't handle things, but with someone possessing such powerful hope, they could accomplish so much more.
As they traveled through another large forest, Ayden's daydreaming shifted to fighting greater opponents than those he'd been fighting.  Part of him wished he could face Degus, but he knew he would be no match for her.  Again, if they had more help, maybe?
They entered a clearing and stopped short. Both men were immediately tensed and reaching for their weapons; about an eighth of a mile into the clearing, a meadow fae battled the most hideous creature Ayden had ever laid eyes on.  
The monster beast was as big and hump-backed as a buffalo bull, and its once white hair was a sickly, sooty grey.  The head resembled that of a rabid dog; its black lips were curled back, revealing long, foaming, yellow fangs, and its short, pointy ears were plastered against its head. Its threatening growl made Ayden's hair prickle.  
As the beast swung one of its giant paws at the defender, Ayden noticed it carried several gaping wounds from which oily yellow blood flowed.  He couldn't recall Freya ever telling him about this sort of animal.
The defender's shaggy, bluish hair flung wildly in his face as he fought.  Great droplets of sweat ran down his cheeks, and his expression was wearied.  Ayden noticed that one of the fae's wings was broken; several gashes on his arms and face oozed silvery-blue blood.
The fae raised his wavy-bladed sword and swung it desperately at the creature.  The beast roared in pain as the blade sliced through its forearm.  A grisly crunch sounded as the enraged beast knocked the defender down with one swing of its enormous, rock-solid skull.  
Volos and Ayden leapt into action.  As Volos drew the creature's attention away from the fallen defender, Ayden grabbed both of his ropes; swinging a lasso from each arm, he threw them toward the beast's back legs.  Only one rope hit its target.  Ayden dug his heels into the dirt and pulled with all his might.  Oblivious to the restraint, the beast pulled him to the ground as it continued forward. Ayden's hands burned as the rope pulled through his soft flesh. 
Volos expertly threw a dagger that sunk deeply into the creature's neck.  Thinking this would bring it down, Ayden released the rope.  However, not only did the dagger not stop the creature, but the beast charged full throttle at Volos!
Thinking quickly as he leapt up and ran, Ayden grabbed the loose rope and swung it toward the animal's head.  Luckily, he hit his target.  Not so luckily, he was pulled to the ground again and was drug through the dirt as the animal charged on.
Gritting his teeth, Ayden pulled himself up the rope toward the racing animal.  His shoulder muscles felt as if they would rip apart as he forced himself to continue pulling until he reached the creature's thick neck.  Trees blurred past as he dangled there momentarily, attempting to catch a breath.
With one great heave, Ayden swung his body upward and landed at the base of the animal's head.  While holding onto the rope with one hand, he drew his sword with the other.  He could see Volos' bald head bobbing as he dodged back and forth in front of them.  
Ayden squeezed with his knees against the animal's slippery hair to gain balance.  Then he released a furious yell as he let go of the rope. Using both hands, he raised his sword and then thrust the blade directly into the center of the beast's skull.  
The animal dropped so suddenly, Ayden was suddenly flying swiftly through the air over its head.  He flung his legs and arms around wildly as if attempting to keep himself air-born.  His body was suspended in mid-air for a split second before it plummeted toward the earth like a rock. 
Closing his eyes and clenching his teeth, Ayden braced himself for a hard landing.  But instead of smashing into the unforgiving earth, his body plopped into a giant mass of some sort of clear, jiggly goop. He looked around in confusion.  A strange young man had appeared out of nowhere; his gray-green eyes were as big as a pair of full moons.  His thin arms were stretched out in front of him, his hands and fingers pointed to the goo that Ayden struggled to get free from.
With great effort, he wriggled his way off of the jiggly glob and stood on legs as wobbly as the mass he'd just exited.  He thanked the boy who, except for the rapid rising and falling of his chest, seemed to be completely frozen in place.  Ayden would get back to him in a moment. First, he had to make sure Volos and the defender were alright.
Volos was kneeling over the fallen defender's body, talking softly.  Ayden wobbled over to join them.  The fae warrior spoke strenuously to Volos, "I couldn't--transfigure.  He caught--me off guard."  He paused and took in a ragged breath, then continued, "Be careful, Volos.  Now--that he has killed--one of her pets, she will be aware of him."  Glancing at Ayden and then back to Volos, he added in a whisper, "You must keep him safe--he may still hold the key?" He was seized by a coughing fit and clutched his chest in pain.  
"Enough talk.  We'll make a potion and take you to your people.  You'll be safe there," Volos spoke soothingly.  Ayden turned, intending to run and find the needed plants to make a healing potion.  
Before Ayden could leave, the fae spoke in a much stronger voice, "No!  Do not weary yourselves.  My body is now broken.  But my healing will soon be complete."  And with those words, he smiled and closed his eyes, never to open them again.



Chapter Nine
The Sorcerer's Shadow


Volos covered his face with his hands and his shoulders shuddered with grief.  After a few moments, Volos very carefully and tenderly straightened the fae's body and clothes, and then covered him with vines and flowers.  He called Nyxia, who seemed to always know exactly where they were, to send word to his people of the defender's death.  He also sent word to Freya, briefly explaining what had happened.
It wasn't just the death of this defender that shook Ayden to his very core, but also the fact that he had, for the first time, actually killed something.  He walked, legs still shaking, over to the beast and drew his sword from its skull. The hilt was cool against his rope-burned hands.  A sickly suctioning sound accompanied the oily liquid that oozed from the wound.  A smell similar to rotting garbage overpowered Ayden, and he had to fight to keep from gagging.  He looked to Volos and asked, "What do we do with it?"
"Burn it," Volos said, scowling.
"I-I can h-halp with that," the strange boy said eagerly as he finally came out of his trance.  "Th-that's one s-spell I can do."
Volos and Ayden gaped at him as if he were a ghost.  The boy couldn't have been much older than Ayden.  His face turned red under his jagged, sandy hair as he scowled at them.
"W-What?  Y-You thenk jost cuz I-I c-c-can't talk lllike you, I c-can't do it?" Not only did the kid have a terrible stutter, he had a slight accent, making him difficult to understand.
The boy cupped his hands together and closed his eyes.  As he clearly mumbled some strange words, a bright glow formed inside his fingers.  It grew in size until, suddenly, he shouted and flung the blazing ball of fire toward the creature.  The entire animal was engulfed in flames as soon as the fire ball made contact.  
The three men watched the beast burn until nothing was left but ashes.  Then, Volos took seeds from a curatree--a plant that holds a sap used for healing of wounds--and scattered them over the ashes.  "So that something good can come out of this tragedy," he said solemnly.  "If only I'd had sap instead of seed."  
Finally, Aden and Volos turned to the boy who'd saved Ayden's life.  "I'm sorry I didn't thank you properly for that goo you made." He extended his hand toward the youth. "And thanks for the fire, too."
The kid raised his hand hesitantly, but then grasped Ayden's tightly and shook once before letting go.  
"My name's Ayden. This is my friend, Volos."
The boy's wide eyes surveyed Volos, who stood with a scowl on his face and his bulging arms crossed tightly over his chest.
"I-I'm Pax," he whispered, still staring up at Volos.
Pax's clothes were tattered, but clean.  He carried a small, bulging bag across his back.  Ayden wondered if that was his entire world in there.  "Where are you from? Do you have family nearby?" he asked.
Turning his eyes away from Volos, Pax answered, "N-No." He cast his eyes to the ground.  "M-My uncle was a-all I h-had.  He's ggone now."
Ayden turned sad eyes toward Volos.  His mentor scowled back, then silently pointed to the back of his own hand.  Ayden jerked his head toward Pax.  Across the back of his left hand a scar shone silver; a circular design with what Ayden thought looked like a ghost in the center.
Pax looked up, and Ayden met his gaze.  "You're a sorcerer."
The boy looked down again, as if ashamed.  He mumbled, "M-my uncle was teaching m-me." His face seemed to soften, and he even smiled a little. "H-He saved me fffrom my fffather." The tenderness evaporated as quickly as it had appeared.  "My fffather was evil."
Shoving aside thoughts of the dead sorcerer they'd just defeated, Ayden relaxed and resisted the urge to chuckle.  Somehow, he couldn't imagine that Pax's sorcery could be very threatening.
"M-most p-payple think I'm b-bad because I p-practice sarcery.  B-but I want to use m-my magic far d-doin' good.  I-I don't w-want to be like my fffather," Pax ended bitterly.
There was an awkward silence.  "Are you any good at it?" Volos asked, startling Pax to jump.
"Uh, w-well, m-most of the t-time, I g-get narvous and c-can't get the w-w-wards out right 'n the s-spell is m-messed up," he said nervously.  "P-plus, I'm a l-little c-clomsy."
"What were you doing out here?" Ayden asked.  "How did you find us?"
Through a lot of stuttering, Pax explained that he had been on his way to the village to find work when he'd stumbled across the battle. He'd been turned down everywhere he'd been because of his speech impediment.
Ayden felt tenderness and wanted to help Pax.  He looked knowingly at his mentor.  Volos rolled his eyes and sighed as he polished his head with his hands.  "Alright, but you will be the one explaining this to your grandmother!"
Ayden beamed at Pax.  "You're going to stay with us.  Maybe we can figure out a way to help you with your spells."  If he could help Pax gain more self-confidence, he could be a great help to their missions--the kind of help he'd just been thinking about.

Pax's face shone like the sun and he stuttered out a long and excited 'thank you' before they continued the journey.  A sorcerer! Ayden thought excitedly.  Then, feeling a strange lump in the pit of his stomach, he thought, I hope I know what I'm doing!
As they left the clearing, Ayden glanced back at the defender's grave one last time before leaving.  A cluster of butterflies, their colors forming a live rainbow, covered the fae's body.  They suddenly took flight, gracefully fluttering through the trees like a colorful cloud.  When Ayden could no longer see them, he looked to the grave and gasped.  "Volos!  He's gone!  The fae's body is gone!"
Volos gazed at the flowers and vines that he had placed there earlier.  "He's home," he said and turned sadly to leave.
They had traveled in silence for only an hour before the western trees stabbed the belly of the sun. Another half hour found them setting up camp. Pax lit a small fire long enough to cook some food; they extinguished it shortly after under Volos' instructions.  
The defender's dying words echoed in Ayden's mind, and he wanted to question Volos.  He looked at Pax who held a small pinpoint of light in the palm of one hand as he held a book in the other.  He wore a pair of round, wire-rimmed glasses and seemed absorbed in what he read.  He had told Ayden, "I r-read so that I-I don't have t-to talk so m-much."  Volos still didn't trust the young sorcerer, but Ayden wasn't too worried.
Seeing that Pax was pre-occupied, he walked over to where Volos was sitting on the trunk of a fallen tree.  He was staring at the stars, his arms crossed.  "Can I sit with you?"  Ayden asked cautiously.  He wasn't certain what kind of mood Volos would be in after the day they'd had.
Volos looked at him and attempted a smile.  He nodded, motioning for Ayden to sit next to him.  They remained silent for a few moments, staring up at the milky trail of stars in the sky.  Finally, Volos said, "His name was Tyran Willowshimmer.  He was one of the best defenders of Shae Vale in his time.  He and my father and your grandparents fought many battles together.  My guess is that he was hunting the creature and came upon it suddenly. He must not have had time to call for help."
Ayden hadn't thought of the defender being old enough to know his grandparents.  "Did you know him very well?" he asked Volos.
"We were as close as you and I--at least for a time."  Volos' eyes moistened and he took in a deep breath.  "I hadn't seen him for many years."  
Ayden understood the horror of losing someone close.  He placed his hand on Volos' shoulder.  "I'm sorry."  That was all he could think to say.
Volos nodded and then continued to gaze reflectively at the stars.  "You know that meadow fairies can transform in size at will?"
"Yeah."
"When I was young, I used to look at the stars like we're doing now.  One night, one of the stars started coming toward me.  'Scared me half to death!  It wasn't until it was in front of my face that I realized it was a fairy.  She transformed to our size right in front of me.  It was the most beautiful thing I'd ever seen." 
He smiled at the sky, lost in the memory.  "I found out later that she was Tyran's sister.  She was looking for my father when she found me."
After an uncomfortable silence, Ayden couldn't resist the urge to question Volos.  "What did Tyran mean when he said to keep 'him' safe?  Was he talking about me?"
Volos stiffened a little and glanced uneasily over to Pax who still had his nose in a book.  Jynx was curled at Pax's feet, resting comfortably.  "We won't talk about that here."  His shoulders relaxed as he looked at Ayden's concerned expression.  "It would be best for your grandmother to explain things to you.  For now, let's try to get some rest.  I'll stay awake for a while to keep guard.  I'll wake you later for your turn."
"So, we are in real danger then?"
"Maybe." 



Chapter Ten
Heritage


Volos forced Ayden to drink a relaxing tea that would help him sleep.  He was certain it would have no effect, but drank it to satisfy Volos.
Ayden was surprised later when Volos shook him awake.  "I actually fell asleep?" he asked groggily.
"I make good tea," Volos said, smiling down at him. 
The rest of the night was uneventful and Ayden chanced letting his mind wander. He tried to determine what, exactly, Tyran's words had meant.  He was still clueless when the sun peered over the horizon.
When they reached the waterfall the next day, the three wearied travelers gratefully took a deep drink of water and Ayden gave the password.  "Butterfly feet," he said softly but clearly.  As they stepped through the waterfall, Ayden realized that Pax was not following them.  He stood at the opening, staring into the cave.  Ayden approached and asked, "Are you okay?"
Pax fiddled with a pouch hooked on his belt; whatever it contained rattled nosily. He said, "I-I've read a l-lot about it, b-but I never believed that the Other W-Warld really existed."
Ayden smiled.  "I know exactly how you feel.  C'mon, it's nothing to be afraid of."  Then he remembered what Freya had said about interaction between worlds and turned again toward Pax. "Uh, you might want to make sure to resist using any magic while you're there, though.  Oh, and there's a spell in the tunnel to discourage stray travelers.  Just stay focused on me and walk straight."
Pax nodded and then cautiously followed Ayden into the cave.  He heard Pax say, "Oof!" a couple of times as he stumbled through the enchanted passageway.
Upon exiting the caraganas, Ayden was smothered with hugs from his grandmother, who had obviously been worried since receiving their message the day before.  
"Hello Freya," Ayden said affectionately as he returned his grandmother's hugs.  "We had a beast of a time out there!" 
Ignoring Ayden's attempted joke, Freya cupped his face in her hands and spoke, "I am so glad you are alright!  I was worried.  Come, come.  Let's get into the house.  You need to tell me every detail."  Then, sensing another presence, Freya stopped and asked, "Who is there?"
Pax, who'd been absorbed in looking at his new surroundings answered, "I-I'm Pax, m-ma'am."
Ayden cut in, "We met him yesterday.  He actually saved my life.  He's alone--his uncle died not long ago."
Freya's face was serious as Ayden led her to Pax.  She placed her hands on his and traced the circular scar on the back of his left hand.  Her expression became sterner.  Then, she rested one of her hands on his face, and one over his heart.  Pax stood rigid as his eyes wandered uncertainly back and forth between Ayden and Freya.  
As she stood there holding Pax's face, the line between Freya's brows gradually softened and she smiled.  "I think no harm will come from you, Pax.  You have a good heart.  I am sorry for your loss," Freya said, removing her hands.
"Thank y-you," Pax said quietly, looking down at his feet.
"Be sure not to use any magic while on this side of the gateway, hmm?" Freya whispered close to Pax's ear.  He looked at her in wonder and then raised a brow at Ayden.
"She can sense things about people.  It's a little freaky," Ayden explained.
Pax nodded and they all walked to the house. Jynx, who had been mostly silent during their trip, yowled hungrily as they entered the kitchen.  Daktari, who had once again assisted Freya, fussed at the cat while she piled a dish full of chopped salmon.  He purred happily as he devoured the tasty treat.
Later that evening, Volos, Ayden (with the ever present Jynx curled in his lap), and Freya sat around the dining room table.  Freya folded her hands neatly on the table, breathed deeply, and calmly asked Ayden and Volos to explain every detail of what had happened with the beast and the defender.  Volos and Ayden took turns recounting everything that they could remember up to when they left the scene after burning the creature's body. 
Freya sat, eyes closed and brows creased throughout the entire retelling of the story.  When they finished, she thought for several minutes before opening her eyes.  She placed one hand on Ayden's and one on Volos'.  "I am so sorry for the loss of our dear friend.  The whole of Shae Vale will be mourning his passing.  He was a great defender and an even greater friend."
They sat in silence for a moment in respect for the fallen defender.  Then, sighing deeply, Freya turned to Ayden and spoke, "I'm afraid that I have, as Volos would agree, been much too protective of you over the past several years.  There are many things that I must now explain to you.  Much of it will come as a shock, but it is imperative that you understand everything now."  
Freya straightened in her chair and replaced her hands in her lap.  "Long ago," she began just as she always had when Ayden was younger and Freya would tell him stories of Shae Vale, "there was a noble elf king by the name of Elrohir Elenya.  He was strong and good king who cared for his people and kingdom and for others. He was also considerate and friendly towards the kingdoms that surrounded him.
"Elrohir's greatest rival was the evil and powerful sorcerer, Lagos who, ironically, also happened to be the king's cousin.  Lagos was terribly jealous of Elrohir, as the troubled often times are of the untroubled.  He sought to destroy his cousin and claim the throne.  He tried many times, but was always bitterly unsuccessful.
"One day, after Lagos had become very strong in the ways of dark sorcery, he challenged the king to a duel.  The two of them fought at the Glass Lake in a heated magical battle for three days with no food, no water, and no rest.  On the third day, both were much wearied but it seemed that the king was stronger and would overcome his adversary.  
"However, Lagos had one last trick up his sleeve.  Creating a powerful illusion of the king's dead mother calling for him, Lagos was able to distract Elrohir long enough to strike a deadly blow."
"So, the sorcerer defeated the king?"  Ayden asked, disappointed.
"Well, yes--and no.  You see, Elrohir was strong enough to stay alive for a short time after the spell was cast.  When Lagos gloated over the king's felled body, Elrohir thrust his sword, which held a magic of its own, into the sorcerer's black heart.  It is said that Lagos' blood mixed with the king's blood caused the sword to become dreadfully powerful.  
"At the death of the king and the sorcerer, the sword rang out with a loud, strange sound.  Many described it as a single, eerily beautiful note that lasted for the length of one hour.  During that time, most of what Lagos had done was thankfully undone.  Unfortunately, much of what Elrohir had established was also destroyed.  It was a very dark and difficult time in Shae Vale."
Freya cleared her throat and continued, "The king's son, realizing the power that the sword had obtained, feared that it would fall into the wrong hands.  Lagos had many followers who would seek to use the sword to avenge their master and gain ultimate power of their own. The sword's power combined with a sorcerer's would render that sorcerer invincible.  
"So, the prince entrusted the sword with his most loyal defender.  That defender, under the strict instruction of the prince, hid the sword where not even the prince would find it.  The secret of the sword's hiding place was passed down only to the defender's son, then to his son, and so on. That is until?"
Freya paused and took a deep breath as if gathering courage and then continued, "Until my husband, your grandfather, was killed before he could pass the secret on to your mother; as you know, your mother had no siblings, so the secret would've been hers to bear.  You see, the prince's greatest defender's name was Estel."
Ayden sat, dumbstruck for several minutes.  His grandparents' surname and his mother's maiden name was Estel. He glanced at Volos who was looking at him intently.  Ayden looked back at Freya and asked slowly, "So, you are telling me, that I am a descendant of a great elf defender?"  For reasons he was unsure of, he felt like laughing hysterically.
Freya nodded but remained silent, allowing Ayden to take his time with the information she had just supplied him.  He questioned Freya again to confirm that he hadn't misunderstood her.  "So, that would mean that I am?.that I am an elf?  But, I don't have pointed ears, or, or magical powers or foresight or anything like that." 
"Your ears are not as pointed as a full blooded elf.  You see, your grandfather fell in love with a human girl," Freya smiled warmly as her cheeks turned pink.  "It was through your grandfather that I learned a bit of magic--such as when I tricked you and your friends with the tool shed.  Oh, and a little muddle dust in the air was of great assistance the day." Freya smiled smugly, pleased with herself. 
Barely hearing Freya's explanation and feeling like Pax, Ayden stuttered, "S-so, Mom was half elf?  H-how could I not have noticed something like that?"
"Her ears took after mine, more rounded than pointed.  She also kept her hair over them.  But that is not all.  Your father was neither human nor elf.  He was kemen emer, an earth shepherd from the fairy realm.  They came to live in this world when you were born, fearing that the evil ones in Shae Vale would learn of your ancestry and come for you before you were old enough to defend yourself."
Ayden sat dumbstruck for a long time.  How could he not have known all of this?  He absentmindedly reached toward his back, half expecting wings to sprout from between his shoulder blades.  Volos chuckled quietly and said, "Not all fae folk have wings. Earth shepherds protect and care for the soil and all that grows from it.  That is why you enjoyed your grandmother's horticulture lessons and why they came so easily to you."
Ayden asked, "But, if grandpa didn't get the secret of the sword to Mom, and Mom hadn't given the secret to me, why would they worry about me being in danger?"
"Your grandfather did get part of the message to me before he died.  I entrusted the information with your parents in case something should happen to me.  Even though you were still very young, your parents feared that others would not believe that you would not yet hold the secret."
Ayden's mind was racing too fast for him to speak.  When he didn't respond, Freya continued, "As far as your thinking you have no magical abilities, Ayden, you are wrong.  As we said, you were very quick in learning about the plants, and your understanding of animals is proof that you do indeed possess special qualities from your heritage.  And, when you told me how you defeated the vonima beast yesterday, I knew for certain that you were becoming more powerful with your abilities."
"I don't understand," Ayden said.
Freya leaned closer to Ayden and asked intently, her blind eyes staring past him but twinkling with excitement, "How did you know where to thrust your sword in order to kill it?"
 "Dumb luck?" he asked quietly.
"Luck had nothing to do with it!  It was pure instinct--elf instinct.  That animal can only be killed by stabbing a very small soft spot in the center of its skull.  As you mature, Ayden, the more powerful you will become."  
Ayden was numb.  All this time, he had been part elf and part fae and no one had told him.  Then, a heated surge of pride and excitement coursed through his blood.  "This is awesome!" he shouted so suddenly that it made Freya and Volos jump.  They both chuckled, but then Freya quickly sobered again.
"Ayden, I am happy that you are taking this so well.  But there is still more that we need to discuss."  Ayden's heart sank.  He didn't like his grandmother's tone. 
"Volos and I, and others in Shae Vale, believe that your parents' disappearance had something to do with the secret they held.  No one knows for sure how they were taken--or if they are alive.  But we believe that if your true identity is discovered, those seeking the location of the sword will be coming for you next.  They will be under the impression that the secret now lies with you.  They will believe that you know where to find the sword."
Ayden had heard Freya's every word, but he could only focus on one thing.  "You mean, there's a chance that Mom and Dad are still alive?"
Freya sighed and, once again, placed her hand over Ayden's, "We must always have hope for this.  But remember that Degas is very evil.  If she took them, she is not likely to have kept them alive for this long.  Defenders have been searching for them in Shae Vale ever since their disappearance with no trace."
Ayden's emotions were on a roller coaster ride that was draining him of energy.  A million thoughts, a million hopes, a million dreads filled his heart and mind until he felt like his head and chest would explode.  As if all of this wasn't enough, Freya continued, "There is more.  The ancient words of the elves and fairies tell that an evil like has never been seen will infest Shae Vale?"
"Degus?"
"I believe so.  She was, after all, one of Lagos' most loyal followers. This prophecy also tells us that this evil will be defeated by the sound of a single, powerfully magical, musical note."
Ayden asked his grandmother, "And you think?the sword?"
"It does seem to fit, doesn't it?"  Ayden could feel a strange, excited energy emanate from Freya as she continued, "The prophecy also says that this magic will be brought against this evil by the hand of an elf boy carrying mingled blood within his veins."



Chapter Eleven
Dragon Blades


Ayden's mind was fatigued from trying to comprehend everything Freya had told him about the Sword of Songs, Elrohir's sword.  His mind was fascinated with the music of the sword and how it could magically destroy something as evil as Degus--and how he was the one to bring this sword against her. 
Only a fragment of his grandfather's message had been passed along. Ayden had been more than surprised when Volos had pulled out the silvery piece of paper that he'd taken from Skeezicks at Lostar, revealing the rest of the message.  "So, our mission there wasn't just about capturing the dwarf?" Ayden had asked his elders suspiciously. 
"We had a hunch," Freya had responded lightly.
The total message sounded more like a kid's treasure hunt than instructions; first, they were to go to a "laughing hill" and find an inscription imbedded on a circular stone.  Once they deciphered what the inscription said and meant, it would lead them to their next move.  Since they had been discussing this for many years, Freya and Volos had a pretty good idea of what a laughing hill was and where one might be found.
Ayden wanted to go and find the stone right away.  However, Freya thought it was important that he stay out of Shae Vale for a time, considering what had just happened with the beast and Tyran.  For once, Volos took Freya's side.  He hadn't been the same since Tyran's death.  
Over the next several days, Ayden's only release from the infuriating waiting was training with Volos and helping Pax.  They did enter Shae Vale, but always stayed as close to the gateway as possible.  Volos taught him several new moves that allowed him to avoid his opponent's attacks quickly and easily while standing in a stationary spot.  It wasn't easy keeping his balance and fighting off an attacker, but after a few days if practice, he was getting the hang of it.
Ayden attempted to help Pax gain more self-confidence.  He watched as Pax practiced a few spells, always encouraging him when it didn't go quite right and indulging him with hearty applause when a spell was successful. Pax never stuttered when he did a spell correctly.  
On the twelfth day of waiting, Pax was attempting a particularly difficult spell that, if done properly, would allow him to alter his appearance for a short time.  It was not going well, to say the least, and Pax was losing his temper as his speech was worsened.  Ayden was grumpy, too, more with the waiting than with Pax.  But his friend's frustration was contagious.  The more Pax tried, the more he stuttered; and the more he stuttered, the more irritated Ayden became.
Finally, after trying to calmly help Pax for several hours to no avail, Ayden's temper got the better of him and he screamed, "Just stop!  We're wasting time!  Ya can't do this one with all that stuttering, so just quit already!"
Even if his words were a rotting pool of troll puss, Ayden would've gladly swallowed them.  Pax didn't even attempt to speak.  He didn't have to--his furrowed brows and his shining blue-gray eyes betrayed his injured heart and pride. "Pax," he said in a less aggressive tone, "man I'm sorry.  I didn't mean what I just said."
"W-Well, thengs c-can't come s-so easily f-for all of us, c-can they?  W-We c-can't all b-b-be parfect!"  Pax spat.  He pursed his lips and stormed toward the gateway.  Jynx, who had witnessed the episode, also gave Ayden a glaring look and then followed Pax, leaving Ayden alone with his guilt.  
For two days, Pax spoke very little with Ayden, except to ask questions about Other World stuff.  He was fascinated with televisions, kitchen appliances, and motorized devices, such as lawnmowers. But what intrigued him most were electric lights.  It amazed him that at the touch of a switch, he could "create" light without magic.  Ayden thought that was strange, considering the boy could create light in his palm without a switch. Maybe some of the things in Shae Vale that he thought were magical were as simple as a toaster, just in a different way than what he was used to.
Finally, after more than two weeks (which seemed like two years), Freya announced that it was time for Ayden retrieve the inscription.  "You needn't try to decipher the words while you are there.  We don't know how large the stone will be, so take something with you to copy the letters or symbols exactly as they appear and come directly home.  Move as quickly and quietly as you can while you travel.  
"Now, we need to prepare for your journey.  You and Pax will need food and extra clothing."
"What about Volos?"
Freya took a deep breath and turned toward Ayden, "Volos isn't going along this time.  I need him here, to guard the gateway."
"What about Daktari?" Ayden asked, worried.
"Ayden, you will be fine.  Most of the trips you have taken, you didn't need Volos' help.  Besides, there are many in Shae Vale who know Volos.  He may draw more attention than what we want right now."
"A lot of people know who I am, too, Freya," he said defensively.
"They know of you, Ayden.  Most don't know you by sight.  You'll be fine."
Unease gripped him.  He'd never gone into Shae Vale on a mission without Volos.  If things got sticky, he hated to think of not having his large friend there to back him up.  And Pax was still green--he needed more practice.
"Pax has come a long way, Ayden.  He will be of more help to you than you realize.  I have faith in both of you," Freya said softly.  She gripped Ayden in her strong arms for a moment and then she announced, "Now, we have a surprise for you."
Ayden followed Freya as she swung her silver cane back and forth and walked to the shed.  There, Volos stood in the doorway, shifting from one foot to the other like an eager child. Ayden's pulse quickened as he followed Volos into the shed.  On a table covered with a black silk cloth lay two circular objects; the sight of the new weapons caught Ayden's breath.  The intricate design of each weapon was that of a silver dragon, its belly curled inward so that the tip of its nose touched the tip of its tail.  Spikes along its back were like the teeth on the blades of a circular saw, only longer, sleeker, and much, much sharper.  
Ayden grasped one of the weapons where the nose and tail of the dragon touched and held it so that his knuckles were pointing toward the dragon's belly.  "Go ahead.  Go out and give it a try," Volos said with almost as much excitement as Ayden felt.
As Ayden walked out of the shed, the light of the sun reflected off of the dragon's scales.  All colors of the rainbow shimmered over them as he rotated his wrist, getting a feel for the new weapon.  "Sweet!" he said admiringly.
"Sweet and deadly," Volos responded.  "You have to learn to be extremely careful with these; it would be very easy to cut yourself.  I wouldn't be surprised if those blades could cut through concrete."
"How do I use them?  I mean, are they for hand-to-hand or do I throw them?"  Ayden asked excitedly.
"Both, I imagine.  Just be sure that what you're throwing it at deserves to be destroyed.  Use them with quick and soft movements.  If you throw them the right way, they probably won't even make a sound."
"These are so awesome!  Here, show me how they work," Ayden said and offered the weapon to Volos. 
Volos quickly backed away and held up his hands as if surrendering.  Freya explained, "They have a spell around them, Ayden.  They respond to your touch alone.  They were made specifically for you."
"By whom?  And how would anyone know I'd ever need them?"
Freya's eyes saddened, but she lifted her head as she proudly announced, "They were made by your grandfather on the day you were born.  Your mother had them locked away almost immediately.  She had hoped that you would never need them."
The weapons were special and beautiful.  His elf grandfather had created these magnificent works of art just for him.  "Why didn't you show these to me before?  I could've been practicing with them."
"As I said, they have a magic around them.  They were also hidden with magic.  They only just revealed themselves to us this morning," Freya answered then added, "I will allow you two days to practice using them. Then, you must begin your journey to the laughing hill."
Feeling annoyed, Ayden asked, "Why the big hurry now?  I thought you wanted me to stay out of Shae Vale for a while.  Why not give me a week to practice?"
Volos cleared his throat, but it was Freya who once again answered, "The spell over these weapons was made so that they would be revealed only if the need for their use was urgent."  Freya's expression was once again troubled as she continued, "Time is running short, Ayden.  We need to find the Sword of Songs before it is too late."



Chapter Twelve
The Babysitter


Two days after Ayden had been given his weapons, two very nervous teenagers and a cat began their journey to a place they'd never been in search of something they'd never seen.  Freya's instructions echoed in Ayden's mind, "We believe this hill that your grandfather spoke of has the shape of a human-like face.  The expression holds that of one laughing heartily, as if amused with its own, private joke.  You must travel south of Lostar for four days to reach this hill."
At the thought of having to rough it for that long of a period, Ayden asked again about faster forms of transportation.  Freya smiled and told him he would learn about that 'in good time'.  Why did everything have to happen 'in good time'? His nerves were making him edgy. 
Ayden's mood lightened as he looked down at his belt and admired the new weapons that hung in place of one of his ropes.  They had come with smooth covers for the blades that seemed to be made from the same shining silver material.  They held fast to the weapons when they were walking, protecting Ayden's body from their sharp blades, but slipped off easily whenever Ayden grabbed them by their handles.  An inscription written in Elvish was engraved on each of the covers that read, "Guardians of life, hope, and love."  Freya had explained that, had they been with the elves, a ceremony for his Becoming would have been performed. 
Not caring too much about ceremonies anyway, Ayden had practiced joyously and tirelessly with the weapons for the two days he was allowed.  The weapons were fast and sleek--not to mention extremely precise.  He had no trouble hitting every target.  And Volos had been right--the weapons' sleek design allowed them to slice through the air making little or no sound. Actually, one of them was totally silent while the other let off a nearly inaudible whisper. The weapons also boomeranged, returning faithfully to his hands just as they had left.
He decided to secretly give them each a name, just as many famous warriors of history had done with their weapons.  To the silent one, he gave the name "Phantom"; and the other, he dubbed "Whisper". 
Ayden smiled.  He felt like a little kid with new pets.  He was still feeling full of pride when he looked up and over at Pax who was walking on Ayden's right hand side--the side on which the weapons were swinging from his belt, glistening in the sunlight.  Pax's mouth was set in a thin line as he looked at Ayden and then turned his steely eyes to the road ahead.  What's his problem?  Was he still mad about the other day?  Ayden opened his mouth to speak, but then shrugged and walked on.  He'd try to talk later when Pax was in a better mood.  
They traveled for two days past Lostar, speaking very little.  When they would eat and get settled at night, Pax would make a point of sticking his nose in a book, leaving Ayden alone with his thoughts.  Pax's sour mood was grinding on his nerves; it was making the trip seem twice as long.  
Since Pax was carrying a chip on his shoulder, Ayden made a point of talking with Jynx more.  The cat reveled in the extra attention and purred loudly as he trotted alongside him.
Halfway through the fifth day of walking, Jynx's tail, which was usually pointing to the sky, was tucked snugly against his rear, and his ears swiveled to and fro as if he were trying to locate a specific sound.  Every now and then, he'd stop and stretch his neck, his eyes wide and nose wiggling, and then he'd growl and slink down the pathway. 
Taking this cue from his friend, Ayden brought his own senses to full alert.  For several miles, he didn't see or hear anything unusual.  He remained guarded as they took a break from walking to have lunch.  Pax looked at Ayden and finally seemed willing to speak.  "W-What's wrong?" he asked nervously.
Just then, Ayden's eye caught a slight movement in the trees not far from where they sat.  Jynx lowered himself to the ground and growled quietly.  Ayden looked at Pax and whispered, "We're not alone."  Pax's eyes widened as his face became ashen.  
Ayden quickly formulated a plan. "Look, I know you're still angry with me, but I need you to at least pretend to be on friendly terms and talk."  Pax raised an eyebrow.  "Talk about anything, I don't care, just talk.  I'll be right back."  He started to turn away then turned back.  "And, Pax, the more you stutter, the better!"  
Pax nodded and then stuttered stiffly about nothing in particular.  Ayden turned to him one last time. "Try to sound natural, like you're talking to me," he whispered.  Pax rolled his eyes and continued stuttering about learning something from his uncle as he fiddled with the pouch on his belt.  Its contents clattered as Ayden lowered his body close to the ground and covered his head with the hood of his cloak.  
Grabbing Phantom and Whisper from his belt, he crept through a maze of trees. Making sure he was upwind from whomever or whatever was there, he stopped every now and then to look and listen.  Resting his back against a tree, he closed his eyes and slowly and quietly breathed in.  
Their visitor was close.  A hint of leather mixed with something lighter, like the faint scent of lilac, met his nostrils.  He opened his eyes abruptly as a twig snapped nearby.  The hairs on the back of his neck prickled; something rustled on the opposite side of the very tree he was leaning against.  
Still crouching close to the ground, he turned his body slowly and silently.  Leaning carefully to one side, he peered around the tree to get a look at his target.  There was nothing there.  His heart pounded faster; he was certain there had been something there a moment ago.  
Ayden's hood ruffled away from his head as something shot past, making a thunk sound as it stuck into the bark of the tree behind him.  He jerked around to see a shining silver arrow quivering in the tree's trunk.  He turned abruptly to face a short girl with very long, silver hair aiming another arrow straight at him. 
At the precise moment she released her weapon, Ayden reflexively swung his arm out, releasing Whisper.  His weapon spun fiercely and cut the arrow apart in mid-air before returning to his hand.  This stunned the girl only momentarily before her expression became ferocious; she yelled as she charged.  
 Ayden readied himself, and as the girl approached, he replaced his weapons, grabbed her arms, and forced her to the ground.  "Who are you?" he said into her face with forced calmness.  
Her reply was to wriggle her little leg between herself and Ayden and kick upward into his stomach, forcing him off of her.  She was reaching for another arrow when Ayden regained his breath.  Having this little tart get the best of him caused the heat to rise inside his chest.  "Okay, little girl; come and get it!"
Even though the girl smiled slightly, her expression was as dark as Ayden's mood.  With a voice surprisingly strong and low for such a petite creature, she answered, "You will find out that I am no little girl."  With that remark, she charged again.  This time, however, she stopped at the last minute, spun through the air, and kicked up a leg; her foot landed squarely against Ayden's jaw, sending him to the ground and knocking Phantom from his belt.  
"Enough is enough!"  Ayden shouted angrily.  Getting bested by this girl more than once was once more than he could bear.
"I couldn't agree more," the girl said smoothly.  As they circled one another, Ayden stared into the girl's defiant eyes, as he had done with all of his opponents.  But there was something peculiar about her eyes.  Their icy-blueness seemed to have some hypnotic power over him, and the more he looked into them, the more he wanted to give up and let her win.  He blinked rapidly and shook his head.  Get a grip, Ayden.  The girl had straight, long, silver hair, silver-blue eyes, golden glowing skin, and was obviously a well-trained warrior.  He cursed himself for being stupid.  He should've seen it right away.  She was, without a doubt, a Veela. 
Ayden promptly tore his eyes from the girl's gaze and focused on her body movement, hoping she would make a mistake.  This was no good; the delicate but precise movements of her insanely fit body were even more hypnotizing than her eyes.  Finally, Ayden had to focus on her feet, hoping he'd be able to tell if she missed a step.  She never did.
They circled each other for a few more moments.  Jynx suddenly jumped out from behind a bush, yowling and hissing as ferociously as he could.  The girl was distracted for a split second--long enough for Ayden to grab Phantom and leap toward her.  In a blink, he forced her against a tree with his left forearm, pinning back her shoulders. His right hand held Phantom dangerously close to her delicate throat.  Ayden made certain to keep from looking directly into the Veela's eyes as he bent at the shoulders until his face was so close to hers, their noses were nearly touching.  He warned her, "Try to move at all and I will cut off your pretty little head!" 
The girl smiled back at Ayden and started to say, "You don't stand a chance, boy.  My arms and hands are still fre--"  Her words were cut off as her arms were abruptly jerked back by some unseen force.  
Not sure what to expect, Ayden sighed with relief as Pax peeked around the tree and smiled from ear to ear.  He didn't say a word but nodded at Ayden with understanding.
"Thanks," Ayden said gratefully.  Turning back to the girl, he questioned her.  "Now, tell us who you are. Who sent you?  Are you one of Degus' spies?  Is that why you were trying to kill me?"
The girl glared as she chuckled, "You humans are so stupid.  If I had wanted you dead, you would be. I never miss a shot unless I mean to!"
Ayden wanted to tell this snotty girl that he wasn't just human, but thought better of it.  If she really was a spy, she didn't need to know any more about him than she already did.  When she didn't continue explaining herself, Ayden forced her shoulders back even more, causing her leather quiver to dig painfully into her back.  "Talk," he said through gritted teeth.
The girl struggled a moment before continuing.  Her expression remained fierce as she spoke, "I am a Veela warrior.  I am also a princess."  She raised her chin proudly and defiantly toward Ayden.
"Why would a Veela princess be out here following a couple of nobodies?" Ayden asked suspiciously.  He didn't believe a word she'd said.
The Veela squirmed uncomfortably and then replied, "I was sent to watch you, to make sure nothing happens to you."  Then she smiled mischievously and said in a sassy tone, "I'm your body guard!"
Ayden was momentarily stunned.  "What?  Who sent you?" he asked, pressing even harder against her shoulders.
"Volos and your grandmother," she said slyly.
Ayden's heart dropped to his stomach.  No way!  This couldn't be true, could it?  Did Volos and Freya trust him on his own so little that they had to send a babysitter to follow him?  He glared back at the Veela, "Why would you reveal yourself, then? Why not stay hidden?"
"I was bored."
"I don't believe you."
The girl's brows furrowed even further as she replied, "Look, I don't want to be here anymore than you want me to be here!  Volos sent word to my father with the need of a guard for this mission.  Since I am the youngest and apparently haven't proven myself, I was chosen."  She seemed to almost pout as she finished her explanation.  
Ayden didn't want to believe that Volos and Freya could stoop so low, but he had to admit that what she'd said earlier was true--if she'd wanted him dead, he would be.  Veela were famous for their superior archery skills.  
Ayden lessened his grip and lowered Phantom.  He realized his mistake as sharp pain shot through his groin where the Veela's knee made forceful contact.  He dropped to the ground and, through the tears and stars forming in his eyes, watched as the girl somehow loosed one of her arms from Pax's grip, flung him around the tree with the other, and tossed him to the ground as if he were no more than a sack of potatoes.  She knelt beside the two of them and smiled smugly.  "You should never let your guard down like that," she said coolly. Then she leaned into Ayden's face, "Believe me, I'd much rather be killing you than guarding you.  But since I have orders from Father, I have no choice."
She stood abruptly and dissolved into the trees, leaving the two teens to their humiliation.  "W-w-well, sh-she w-was playsant!" Pax said sarcastically.
Ayden slowly and carefully stood up as he attempted to regain his breath.  He looked to the trees where the girl had disappeared as Jynx rubbed against his leg and purred.



Chapter Thirteen
The Find


Neither Ayden nor Pax spoke as they continued walking that day.  Ayden fumed over 'losing' to a girl three times in a row.  Who did she think she was?  Veela Princess!  Who cares?  He could take care of himself better without her hovering around shooting her stupid arrows.  And what the heck was wrong with Volos and Freya?  If they didn't trust him, why couldn't Volos come along and keep an eye on him?  "I can't believe she got me three times!"  He mumbled those words over and over to himself. The more he thought about the whole thing, the fouler his mood became.
By the time they reached a good camping spot for the night, Ayden was in such a sour mood that he literally threw his stuff to the ground and stomped his foot in frustration. Unfortunately, Jynx's tail was casualty of Ayden's outburst.  The cat's ear-splitting screech jolted Ayden's already tightly strung nerves.  "Watch out, Jynx!" he yelled.  The cat glared over his shoulder at Ayden and then slunk over to Pax, seeking comfort.  "Fine!  Go crawling over to him, then!" Ayden shouted and then slumped to the ground.
"I can't say that I blame him."  The arrogantly sweet voice plucked at Ayden's nerves almost as severely as the cat's screeching. 
He turned his head to look at the girl who'd been grinding on his nerves all afternoon, even though he hadn't seen her for several hours.  She stood by the small fire that Pax had lit and Ayden got a really good look at her for the first time.  He'd been too preoccupied with fighting her to notice details before.  And, upon closer inspection, he wondered how she fought so well without tearing apart the delicate fabric of her clothing.  Not that he minded really, but it wasn't exactly combat material.
Ayden's vision was dazzled by tear-drop shaped crystals; dangling from a thin silver strip across her forehead; along the bottom of the ice-blue top which covered only her chest and mid back; hanging from long silver threads attached to leather armbands just above each elbow; and at the top of each heal, a crystal was attached to her delicate leather sandals. The top of her pants ringed her torso just below her belly button; the pants tapered down each leg to end with a line of tiny pearls just above her ankles.
The Veela's unblinking eyes were wide and full of chilling blue fire.  She couldn't have been any taller than 5'2", and her silvery hair flowed gracefully past her bare hour-glass waste.  Her contrasting skin glowed deep bronze as if it had captured a bit of the sun.
Her bow shimmered gold and bright in the firelight, and Ayden guessed it to be made from a very special type of wood.  The feathers on the tips of her silver arrows were also golden and almost seemed to come to life as the firelight danced across them.  Even the leather quiver seemed of a very high quality and carried intricate carvings across its top and bottom.  Maybe she really was of royal blood.
The girl sauntered over to where Ayden sat and looked down pert her nose at him.  Not wanting to be intimidated, Ayden stood to his fullest height and returned the gesture.  A flash of an image shot through his mind of choking her with his bare hands before he glared down at her and asked, "What do you want?"
The Veela held a dead rabbit to Ayden's face.  "I thought you might be hungry."
"We have plenty of food.  And, if we didn't, we could very well manage on our own."  How dare she bring them a dead rabbit as if they needed to be spoon fed!  
She put the rabbit on the ground and sighed heavily, "Suit your-self.  I was just trying to be helpful."  She turned to look at Pax who promptly stuck his nose in a book.  Looking back at Ayden, she said, "By the way, my name is Da'ewyn." 
As she turned away, Ayden realized that he'd been furious with her all this time, and he hadn't even known her name.  In fact, he really didn't know much about her at all--except that he couldn't stand her.  Still, if she really were there to help protect him and Pax for Volos and Freya, he should at least try to be tolerant of her.  He relaxed his shoulders slightly and said in a begrudged voice, "You can stay by the fire with us if you want." 
Da'ewyn stopped and turned to study Ayden. A look flashed across her eyes, suggesting that she wanted to accept his offer.  Instead, she stiffened her shoulders and replied in a sassy tone, "Thank you, but no. I'm still on duty."
Breathing deeply in attempt to control his temper, Ayden said, "Look, just stay and eat with us.  If you're going to be traveling with us, we may as well get to know each other."  Was he really saying this?
Da'ewyn stopped and stood still as if thinking it over.  Then she turned and smiled and said, "I accept your invitation."
Her face, though already beautiful, was twice as entrancing when she smiled. Ayden was suddenly glad he had asked her to join them. As they ate roasted rabbit and dried fruit, Ayden talked with their new guest.  She seemed more relaxed and friendly than she had earlier.  Ayden's own foul mood melted away with the heat of the fire. 
"So, you're the baby, huh?  I never had any brothers or sisters.  How many do you have?" Ayden asked.
Da'ewyn wrinkled her nose at a piece of dried fruit before replying, "I have all sisters-twelve of them."
Ayden choked on his dried banana and looked over at Pax who hadn't said a word since the Veela had shown up that night.  Then Ayden turned back to Da'ewyn.  "You have twelve sisters?  No brothers?"
"Veela men are very rare.  There are only fourteen of them born in my generation.  That is why the women train to become warriors--if they didn't, we wouldn't have anyone to defend us."
Ayden paused before asking the next question.  Now that he had her warming up to him, he wasn't excited about getting her feathers ruffled again.  Still, curiosity drove him to ask, "You seemed upset about being here.  You said something about not proving yourself yet.  What is that all about?"
Right away, the princess's mood darkened and her full bottom lip inched its way out ever so slightly.  Ayden braced himself for a blast of emotion.  But Da'ewyn kept her cool as she lifted the tear drop crystals from one of her arm bands.  She watched the firelight dance across the shiny window-shaped edges and then explained, "Each of the crystals on my armbands represents a battle that I have won.  I have only six of them."
"That's good, isn't it?" Ayden asked cautiously.
"Not when everyone else in your family has hundreds of them!"  Her mood was becoming more unpleasant as she spoke, altering her features once again to being less lovely.  "If they would all just stay out of my way and let me fight, I could have won dozens more battles!  My sisters are jealous because they think I'm spoiled, so they interfere and take over so that I can't fight.  And Father is overprotective of me."  She cleared her throat and continued with a slightly softer voice, "You see, Mother died giving birth to me.  I'm Father's last reminder of her."
For the first time, Ayden felt sympathy for the Veela princess.  Not because she was spoiled or overprotected, but because she'd never had the chance to know her mother.  "I'm sorry.  I've lost my parents, too," he said softly.
Da'ewyn's moistened eyes clouded again as they shot daggers at Ayden, "Don't pretend to understand me, human.  You have no idea what I have endured or what it's like to be in my position!"  She stood abruptly and stomped away into the darkened forest.
Ayden looked over to Pax.  "Was it something I said?"  Pax shrugged his shoulders.  Ayden raised an eyebrow at him and said, "Speaking of saying something, you haven't said anything all night.  What's the matter, Jynx get your tongue?"
Pax shook his head, ignoring Ayden's attempted joke, and answered, "N-no.  It's hhhar."  And he gestured with his chin in the direction that Da'ewyn had disappeared into the trees.
"Don't let her bother you.  She's not as fierce as she pretends to be," Ayden said, trying to convince him-self as much as he was trying to convince Pax.
"It isn't j-j-just har.  A-a-all garls make m-me n-narvous.  I-I t-try not to talk when th-thar 'round."  Even though the fire had grown low and Pax's face was mostly in shadow, Ayden could see his cheeks flush and he understood.  Pax didn't talk in front of girls because he was afraid of what they would think about way he talked.  He wasn't sure how to handle this problem, as he'd never had one with girls.  So, he just smiled and said lamely, "Hey, there's a girl out there for you.  You just have to find her."
Pax gave him a disgruntled look.
Ayden shrugged and turned his attention to Jynx.  Feeling bad about stomping on his feline friend's tail earlier, he held out a large chunk of his roasted rabbit for Jynx to devour.  The cat finished his treat and cleansed himself thoroughly from ear tip to tail tip before letting Ayden know that he was forgiven.  Curling up in his lap he licked Ayden's fingers with his sand-paper tongue and purred.
They traveled all the next day with the sun shining brightly.  Pax seemed in a better mood and chatted more than he had the past few days.  Neither of them saw Da'ewyn. Every now and then Ayden could hear her footsteps or would catch a whiff of leather and lilac and knew that she was close.
Just as the sun reached the top of the sky, Pax yelled out, "L-Look!"
Ayden jerked his head in the direction of Pax's pointed finger and gasped.  Looming in front of them was a hill.  Now, hills in general didn't get this sort of reaction from him, but this one was distinctly shaped like the head of a giant man.  The rocks, trees, and grass came together to form squinting eyes and raised eyebrows.  A small waterfall ran from the corner of one of the 'eyes'.  Rock jutted out just below these to form a nose and below that was a cave shaped, of course, like a mouth opened wide with laughter.
They stood staring at the formation for several minutes, taking in the detail.  Finally, Ayden said, "Well, this has to be the hill that Volos and Freya told us about.  It's definitely a hill shaped like a giant laughing head."  Leave it to his family to hide something so important behind a nature-made joke.
Ayden looked over to Pax whose eyes sparked with excitement.  Ayden felt it, too.  Things were about to become interesting!



Chapter Fourteen
The Laughing Hill


Ayden and Pax immediately searched for the stone with the inscription Ayden's ancestors had hidden at the laughing hill.  "It's probably been covered with vines or moss after all these years," Ayden said half to himself.  Pax nodded as Ayden pushed yellow flowering vines away from the rock at the corner of the "mouth".  
Pax looked into the darkened hole of the cave.  "D-Do ya th-thenk it c-could be in there?"
"I don't know.  Let's make sure it's not out here first," Ayden replied after ignoring a small breath of wind exhaling from the cave.  He wasn't fond of caves.  Too many of his former opponents used caves for various no-good purposes.
After an hour, Ayden had made his way up to the corner of the "weeping" eye.  He leaned over and cupped a hand under the falling water and then put it to his lips.  The water was sweet and refreshing.  As he rubbed some moss off a rocky spot beside him, an arrogant, smooth voice sounded from below. 
 "You'll never find it that way," Da'ewyn drawled.
Looking down at her, Ayden answered, "Well, if you have any brighter ideas, let me know.  Otherwise, be quiet and let me get back to it."
"Your sidekick--he's a wizard isn't he?"
Pax, who was digging around in the area that would be the left nostril, jerked his head toward Da'ewyn.  
Ayden looked at Pax for a moment and then turned his attention to the princess.  "He's not my sidekick.  He's my friend, and he's actually a sorcerer.  Why?" he asked cautiously.
"Well, can't he do a spell to reveal what you're looking for?  From what I've heard, it should be simple to do."  Da'ewyn looked mischievously up at Pax.
Ayden guessed that Pax had never done such a spell before.  And even if he had, he'd never be able to say it clearly with the beautiful Veela staring at him.  "What we're looking for may have protection against it from revealing spells.  I don't want Pax getting hurt.  We'll find it just fine."  He looked down at his friend who was trying his best to hide inside the giant nostril.  Ayden turned back to the moss and continued his work.
A silver arrow struck the stone not two inches from Ayden's hand.  Jumping aside, he yelled, "What the--" But before he could finish his sentence, he lost his footing and fell down the giant face all the way to the top of the cave, just below where Pax was standing.  Pax attempted to grab Ayden's arm, struggling to keep his own balance.  Ayden's hand slipped from Pax's, and he landed with a painful thud on the ground in front of the gaping cave.  He grunted as the shock of the impact jolted through his spine. 
"S-Sarry!" Pax yelled as he dangled from the side of the nostril, desperately trying to regain his balance. 
Ayden's blood boiled as Da'ewyn smirked down at him.  He wanted nothing more than to beat the crap out of her!  Taking a deep breath, he decided against it.  Why should he lower himself to her petty games? Besides, he wasn't sure he could beat her.  He turned and began the climb back to where he'd been working.  
Da'ewyn followed, leaping from one spot to the next like a sure-footed wild cat.  In a split second the race was on.  Ayden moved as quickly as he could, making sure to stay directly in front of the Veela in attempt at blocking her ascent.  She was extremely quick, however, and in the end they reached her arrow at the same time.
The princess grabbed the arrow and yanked it from the stone.  She turned to Ayden and yelled, "Ha!" It was like she had just given him permission to pummel her.  Ayden dove at her and their bodies slammed into the rock where the Veela's arrow had been moments before.  As they pulled away, the rock crumbled from the hillside.  
The two of them continued to wrestle, rolling and bumping down the hill as they went.  This time, Pax decided to get out of the way while the getting was good and took a couple of leaps and a skid on his rear end to the safety of the ground below. 
Ayden and Da'ewyn punched, elbowed, kicked, and clawed at each other all the way down the hill.  They finally reach the bottom and dodged away from the avalanche of pebbles that followed them.  But they weren't finished with each other and continued their bout on the ground.
Pax's shouting finally reached their ears, and they paused long enough to see what he wanted.  "W-Would y-ya two stop!  Look!"  He pointed to the pile of rock at the base of the hill.  Ayden and Da'ewyn pushed at each other as they stood.  Covered in dirt and bruises, the pair walked to Pax.  
"What is it?"  Ayden asked, trying to catch his breath.
Pax huffed impatiently and walked over to the pile of jagged rock. As he leaned down, Ayden notice the perfectly smooth, oval shaped stone.
At the sight of the stone, a horrid sensation pulsed though his veins. Just before Pax's fingers touched the stone, Ayden yelled, "Wait!"
But it was too late.  Pax grasped the stone. As he stood, his movement seemed unnatural. The boy's body stiffened and his arms shot out to the sides as if pulled by invisible ropes.  The words on the stone shown brighter and brighter until a blinding white light shot out from the center and engulfed Pax's body.  



Chapter Fifteen
Pebbles and Hags


Ayden grabbed his sword and took a step forward.  "Pax!"  He yelled his friend's name, but his voice was somehow silenced.  Ayden attempted to look at Pax, but the light was too intense, and he had to turn away.  Da'ewyn was shielding her eyes while attempting to move forward.  She wasn't making any progress. After what seemed like an eternity, a loud bang sounded as a forceful rush of air blasted everyone to the ground.  
Ayden jumped up as fast as he could, catching his breath after the sudden gust of wind.  He turned back to where Pax had been standing.  In the center of a circle of flattened grass lay the boy's body.  In the cup of his limp palm rested the smooth, oval stone. 
Ayden ran to him and dove on his knees next to his friend's body.  Placing his fingers on Pax's neck, he checked for a pulse.
"Is he dead?" Da'ewyn asked as she knelt on the opposite side of Pax's body.
Sighing with relief, he answered, "No, just unconscious." He looked around, suddenly uncomfortable.  "If we take the valley, we aren't that far from Lostar.  We need to get Pax to the inn."
"Are you insane?  We traveled through the forest to keep from being trailed.  We can't just waltz out into the open; especially after what just happened.  Someone is sure to have seen that!" Da'ewyn exclaimed.
"I know, but-"  Ayden stopped short as Pax moaned and rolled to his side.  The back of his shirt was torn completely off, and something was etched on his skin. 
Da'ewyn shoved Pax on to his face to get a better look.  "Hey! Be careful!" Ayden scolded.  But he forgot his anger as curiosity took over.
"It's a map," the princess stated.  She looked at Ayden with suspicion.  "Has this always been here?"
"I have no idea.  I don't make a habit of staring at another guy's bare back!"  He knew he was being overly defensive, but this new development was unnerving.  What did it mean?
He looked sternly into Da'ewyn's eyes.  "Like I said, we need to get him out of here."
"Fine; but not through the valley.  Pick him up and follow me."
The princess stood abruptly and strode purposefully toward the trees.  "Well, you coming?" she asked when Ayden didn't follow.
Sighing, Ayden first took the stone that had fallen from Pax's hand and put it in his pocket. He'd study it later for clues.  Maybe something about it could tell them what had just happened.  He doubted Pax would be coherent enough any time soon to tell them anything.  He slung his unconscious friend across his shoulder like a sack of feed and followed his guide into the forest.
When they finally reached Lostar that night, Ayden was exhausted.  Pax wasn't heavy-until a person had to carry his dead weight for hours on end.  Da'ewyn was against the idea of staying at the inn and, after she and Ayden quarreled for a good half hour, she decided to stay just outside the village and keep her eyes open for danger.  "Suit yourself.  While we're enjoying hot baths and soft beds, you'll be rolling around on the rough dirt again," Ayden said temptingly.  It seemed for a moment that she might give in and come with them, but at the last minute walked away in a huff.  
Pax finally woke up enough for Ayden to lead him into the village.  The young sorcerer seemed even more exhausted than Ayden, and he didn't know what was going on or where he was.
The plump woman at the inn was all too happy to accommodate Ayden and Pax.  Ayden was still somewhat of a hero there from when he had helped remove Skeezicks from the village.  The inn-keeper gave them separate suites--the best in the inn.  Ayden thanked her, enjoying the extra attention.  He could get used to this lifestyle.  He ordered a ton of food to Pax's room.  His friend attacked the dinner like he hadn't eaten his entire life, then promptly fell into a deep sleep. 
Well, won't be getting any answers from him tonight, Ayden thought.  He went to his room and sat on the bed.  Jynx had finally reappeared after not showing himself all day.  The cat curled into Ayden's lap as he studied the stone.
It didn't seem like anything special.  Some faint writing was on it, but he couldn't make it out.  Frustrated, he shoved it back in his pocket. He hoped Freya would be able to read it.  Maybe Pax would remember what happened to him after a good night's sleep.  Ayden decided to let it go for the moment, and took a long, hot bath.
With clean bodies and bellies full of good food, Ayden and Jynx rested comfortably on the soft bed.  He closed his eyes and listened contentedly to the cat licking his fur while rumbling purring filled the room.  This had been, by far, the strangest mission he'd been on.  It would've been easier if Da'ewyn hadn't shown up.  Although, if it weren't for her, they probably wouldn't have found the stone as soon as they did.  Ayden smiled to himself at the thought of her sleeping the bushes as he drifted into a contented sleep.
The sound of gushing water played at Ayden's ears.  It sounded freakishly like the river had entered his room.  He must be dreaming, though, because the river was a quarter of a mile away.  Heaviness pressed against his chest, and he thought Jynx had curled up and fallen asleep there.  But, when he attempted to sit up or open his eyes, he found that he could do neither.  His heart beat against the pressure as he was now certain water was lapping against his bare arms.  The deafening roar of rushing water pounded in his ears.  Someone must've bound and blindfolded him and thrown him to the river!
Panicking, Ayden tried to wriggle or scream for help.  He was sure someone was pressing against his chest with a heavy boot, waiting for him to drown.  He felt no ropes around his arms and legs, but they were somehow paralyzed.  
The water grew deeper, crawling up his legs and over his chest.  He took rapid breaths and tried once again to scream, but no sound left him.  The icy fingers of the river gripped his face and covered his ears until all he could hear was the frantic drumming of his own heart.  His chest compressed, and he felt the air pushing from his lungs.  This was the end; it would all be over soon!
Then, a muffled scream joined the drumming of his heart.  At first, Ayden thought he had finally found his own voice.  The weight lifted from his chest and he sat bolt upright, opening his eyes and gasping for breath. 
He was nowhere near the river.  In fact, he was still in his room at the inn; Da'ewyn was fighting with something as she screamed with rage.  Jynx was hunched in the corner, his hair standing on end and his eyes wide with fear as he hissed at Da'ewyn and her opponent.
Ayden leapt out of bed and grabbed his sword.  His mind was still foggy and his muscles felt stiff from the icy water--even though there had never really been any water. His eyes squinted in the darkness, attempting to get a good look at the creature that the Veela battled.  It was half her size, but was just as quick and made no sound whatsoever.  It seemed to have no particular shape, but sent a sharp chill through Ayden as it slithered from one spot to the next like an elusive shadow. 
"Ayden, quick, light a lamp!  Light a lamp!" Da'ewyn screamed behind her shoulder as she thrust an arrow in the center of the shadowy creature.  Her action had no effect on it whatsoever.  Ayden stood frozen in shock.
"Curse it, Ayden!  Light a lamp NOW!" Da'ewyn screeched.  Finally, Ayden came to his senses.  It was at this point that he couldn't have cared less if electrical wiring and such would begin to pollute Shae Vale--flipping a switch would've been much easier than lighting a stupid oil lamp with his shaking hands. He somehow managed to get it going and turned just in time to see the shadow slithering away from the light. 
"What--was that?" he asked, trying to keep himself from shivering.  He still felt chilled from the non-existent icy water and that creepy shadow-thing. "Was it a doon?"
Da'ewyn turned, breathing hard from her physical activity.  "No. A hag," she said.
Ayden's stomach lurched as if he had just been dropped from a ten story building.  There had been a time when Ayden would've laughed, thinking that Da'ewyn was simply describing a hideously ugly woman or even a witch.  But Freya had taught him what a hag really was--an evil shadow dweller that sat on a person's chest while they slept, causing paralysis and using that person's worst fears to cause horrible nightmares and severe anxiety, even to the point of death.
"If I hadn't seen the signs and known it was here, it could've stayed with you long enough and?" Da'ewyn's sentence trailed off as she looked intently into Ayden's eyes.  She didn't have to finish her sentence.  Ayden knew if she hadn't shown up, he probably would've drowned in his fears.
"How did you know it was here?" he asked after several minutes of silence.
"The fog."  Da'ewyn gazed eerily toward the darkened window.
"Fog is common by a river at night.  What made you think anything of it?" Ayden asked.
Da'ewyn glared at him, "Stupid human!" she mumbled.  Then she grabbed Ayden's arm and forced him to the window.  Opening it, she leaned through and pointed into the darkness.  A light gray fog, highlighted by a mostly concealed full moon, slithered over the ground, making the scene creepier than usual.
"What am I supposed to be looking at?" Ayden asked, fighting off a shiver.
Da'ewyn sighed impatiently and pointed toward the ground directly below them.  Finally, Ayden noticed it.  The fog there was different.  Instead of floating lazily and aimlessly along, it seemed to have a more solid form and was definitely moving purposefully from one spot to the next.
"It's still hunting," Da'ewyn whispered with her eyes wide and muscles tensed. The hairs on Ayden's arms and neck prickled as he watched the form move from one spot to the next until it suddenly dove noiselessly through the closed window of the room directly beneath them.
It took a moment for what Ayden had just seen to sink in.  Then, with panic gripping his chest, he looked at Da'ewyn and yelled, "PAX!"
The pair raced out into the hallway and down the stairs as fast as their legs would allow.  They reached Pax's door and attempted to open it, only to find it locked.  Ayden pounded his fist against the wood, yelling to his friend to wake up.  He became more frantic as Pax's horrified scream pierced through the door.  
"The window!" Da'ewyn shouted and they both shot down the hall and out the door.
It seemed like they'd run ten miles in slow motion before they finally reached Pax's window.  Without thinking, Ayden leapt; the impact of his body shattered the glass. He fell dramatically into Pax's dark room.  Ignoring sharp bits of broken glass digging into his skin, Ayden ran to the table beside Pax's bed.  In his haste to help his friend, he'd broken the lamp.  If only he'd paid attention to Pax's words when he lit his palm to read!  
The dark shadowy blob sat silently on Pax's chest.  Ayden took his sword and thrust it in the middle of the figure.  The hag leapt up, but remained unharmed.  Just as Ayden was wondering how he was going to defeat this thing without any light, the fog parted enough to reveal the light of the full moon.  After the darkness, the pale moonlight seemed almost blinding and the shadowy form of the hag dissolved before their eyes.
Ayden turned his attention to Pax who was beginning to wake.  He was trembling against a cold sweat.  "Wh-wh-wh?" He attempted to speak.
"It's okay, Pax.  Don't try to talk.  You're safe now," Ayden said soothingly, even though he was still trembling himself.  Da'ewyn grabbed an extra blanket out of the closet and gently wrapped it around Pax's shaking form.  She smiled as she looked directly into his eyes and the color seemed to instantly seep back into his pale face.  His shivering subsided as his cheeks flushed.  
Da'ewyn stood and turned to Ayden.  "We can't stay here.  Hags don't work without reward.  Whoever sent it knows that we have something valuable.  It'll be back if we try to stay any longer."
Ayden's mind raced as he felt frantically in his pocket.  He sighed with relief when his trembling fingers touched the smooth, rounded edges of the stone.  He gazed at Pax, wondering about the map on his back.  Had someone seen the bright light from the stone and followed them here? And if so, who? Did they know about this strange map?
"Pax, do you remember anything from when the stone burst into light?  Do you know anything about the map on your back?" Ayden asked.  
"W-What?  What m-map?" He leapt up and attempted to run to the mirror, stepping on broken glass with his bare feet.  Yowling in pain, he fell back onto the bed.
"We don't have time for this right now.  We need to go!" Da'ewyn growled.  Neither Ayden nor Pax argued further.  
After attending Pax's cut feet, the three companions hastily gathered their stuff.  The commotion from fighting with the hag had woken the innkeeper and several people cautiously peered through cracked doors.  Ayden tried to explain briefly what had happened and held out what little gold he had left to pay for the broken window and messed up rooms.  The plump woman's face was pale and her eyes wide as she asked warily, "So, is it gone then?"
Ayden glanced over to Da'ewyn before answering, "Yes, it's gone."
"So you've saved us again!  The rooms are on the house; don't worry about the window, I'll take care of it."  Ayden felt guilty as the innkeeper beamed at him.  He hadn't saved anyone from anything and he wasn't entirely certain that the hag wouldn't return to the inn.  He left a few bits of gold at the front desk when the keeper wasn't looking.
As the group left Lostar, Da'ewyn said, "Maybe we shouldn't go back by the usual path."
For once, Ayden agreed with her.  Over the next few days, Da'ewyn alternated between walking with the boys and going into the trees and out of sight--she could sometimes get a better look at their surroundings if she wasn't so close.  Ayden kept his senses alert, his muscles taught and ready for action. 
And, even though he was dying to know what Pax had experienced with the stone, no one spoke as they walked.  They ate cold meals for fear of alerting anyone to their position by lighting a fire.  Thankfully they made the rest of their journey without incident.  
The same couldn't be said for when they reached the gateway.  A flurry of activity was happening near the waterfall; an army of fae folk had built a small home out of wood and vines.  Volos paced back and forth in front of the natural house, stopping every so often to rub his head and sigh. Ayden was immediately nervous; Volos hadn't even noticed them approaching.
"What's going on?" he asked his mentor, who nearly leapt out of his pants, startled at hearing Ayden's voice.
Guilt washed over Volos' features and he struggled to get the words out.  "It's Freya.  She's badly injured.  I don't even know if she'll survive."



Chapter Sixteen
Uncertainty


"NO!" Ayden shoved his way past Volos, his heart pounding furiously.  A fairy tried to stop him, but she was no match for his adrenaline-fueled strength.
"Ayden wait!" Volos exclaimed.  Ayden felt frantic and confused. I can't lose anyone else! I can't lose Freya! He entered the home, ignoring everything about the place except the soft bed in the center of the room.  Freya lay there, looking weak, frail, not herself.  Her eyes were closed, their lids a strange purple color.  Ayden grasped her hand tightly, letting her know he was there.  She blinked open her eyes and smiled faintly. 
"I guess my reflexes aren't what they used to be," she said with an uncharacteristically weak and shaky voice. 
"What happened?" Ayden asked, trying to control the quivering in his voice.
"Degus has broken the rules--there were sprites here.  And they were not good sprites!  The ash trees guarding the house don't protect from sprites, only mischievous fairies.  I'm not sure how they came through the gateway.  I tried to stop them, but this old body doesn't move like it once did," Freya said.  
"They couldn't have come through the gateway. Volos was right here all this time," Ayden said, frightened by the thought of evil sprites flitting freely back and forth between worlds.
Volos appeared in the doorway, his massive frame casting a shadow.  "It's all my fault," he said.  "I wasn't paying attention.  Somehow, they slipped past me."
"Stop it, Volos!" Freya commanded. "Neither of us was as alert as we should've been." She turned her gray eyes in Ayden's direction.  "We were away from the gateway, just for a moment.  One of the horses had broken out of the pasture and was being difficult.  Volos could've handled it, but I wanted to help."
Just like his grandmother.  Sightless, yet running around the farm chasing loose horses.
"When I got back to the house, they were there.  They'd ransacked the place, and when I tried to evict them, they attacked with some dark magic.  I was too slow to block it.  If it hadn't been for Volos, I probably would've been killed.  He got them out, but they vanished before he could capture them.  I've never known many magical beings to cross worlds in such a reckless way as the sprites did.  Except, perhaps, one other time."
Freya touched Ayden's arm with a shaking hand.  Somehow, he knew what she was implying.  The 'other time' had been when his parents had vanished.  
"When did this happen?" a strong feminine voice sounded.  Da'ewyn squeezed her way in behind Volos.  The room was getting smaller every moment.
"About three or four days ago," Volos said.
The Veela gave Ayden a knowing look.  "The same time that we were attacked by hags."
"What?" Volos and Freya shouted at the same time.  Freya tried to get up, but weakly sank back to her pillow.
Ayden took some time, explaining what had happened with the stone and Pax, and then the hags at the inn.  When he was finished, Volos called Pax into the already crowded room.  The fairy tried to poke her head in and protest, but Freya assured her it was fine.  "Be at ease, Nienna.  If I get too tired, I'll let you know. Now, Pax dear, would you be so kind as to remove your shirt?"
Pax's face turned bright red.  "We need to see the map," Volos said.  Pax nodded and removed his shirt as he spun around so everyone could see the map.
"I know a lot of this area down here," Ayden said, pointing to Pax's lower back.  "But I don't know what any of this is," he continued, pointed to the area just below Pax's neck.
"I do," Volos said in a strange tone that made Ayden look at him curiously.  Volos, even though his skin was dark, looked pale and his jaw tensed.
"What is it?  What's wrong?" Ayden asked.
Volos looked down at Freya him as she placed a hand on his arm.  "You knew this time would come, Volos.  If you can't help them through, no one can."
Tears formed in Volos' eyes.  Then he set his mouth firmly and breathed in.  He patted Freya's hand and then abruptly turned and walked out of the room. 
Pax was craning his neck around, still trying to see the map on his back.  "W-Why c-couldn't they have p-put it on m-my chest?" he said, irritated.
"Pax, please tell us your experience with the stone," Freya said gently.
Ayden once again had to fight off impatience as Pax stuttered along; eventually the excitement of Pax's tale took form.
What he had seen was amazing.  During the short time that he'd been engulfed in the white light, Pax had watched the stone grow larger and larger until it was nearly the size of Freya's house.  Then, the center split, as if someone had opened a window, and he was pulled inside.  
There, Pax saw what he described as a beautiful enchantress; her body was the color of the ocean, and her white hair flowed around her as if she were engulfed in water.  Her eyes had no iris or pupils, but burned with a warm, golden glow.  She smiled at Pax and reached out her hand.  Even though he couldn't hear her speak any words, he knew she wanted him to follow her.  In just a few moments time, she took him through Shae Vale on hidden pathways and unfamiliar forests.  They "floated" over these areas, looking down on them as if to chart a map, and she explained that this was the path they needed to follow.  Pax saw many places and many things that he didn't know, but described them with remarkable clarity.
Pax and the enchantress ended their journey at a large lake that had the tops of black mountains jutting around the smooth glass-like surface of the water.  The enchantress let go of his hand and dove alone into the lake, making not even a ripple as she did so.  When the last bit of her toe disappeared into the water, the "window" re-appeared to Pax.  He was pulled back through by some unseen force, and the window was slammed shut, causing the blast they had all experienced.
"Well, I guess that settles things, doesn't it?" Freya asked wearily.  
"We have to follow the map and find the sword," Ayden said lifelessly.  He wanted nothing to do with this mission.  He wanted to stay by Freya's side and make sure she was going to be alright.
"Could you give us a moment?" Freya asked Pax and Da'ewyn.  The princess had been uncharacteristically quiet.  They both left the room without speaking a word.
Before Freya could talk to him about the journey, Ayden asked, "What's wrong with Volos?  What did you mean when you said he was the only one who could get us through?"
Freya faced Ayden to say those infuriating words to him once again, "You will know, Ayden, all in good time."  
Trying to control his irritation, Ayden said, "Stop treating me like a kid. Tell me what's going on, Freya."
Changing the subject, Freya said, "You must prepare, Ayden.  This mission will be the most difficult thing you have ever done.  Please, take a long time to meditate, then begin preparing for the journey.  You have companions to help you.  It's imperative that Volos accompany you."
He was about to ask why but Nienna, the healer fairy, entered.  "Excuse me, Ayden.  Your grandmother needs tending to."  Her brown, wavy hair was kept back in a colorful scarf and she wore a simple dress that dusted her feet as she walked. Her wings rested against her back, their tips pointed downward, nearly touching her heels.  A soft, white apron was tied around her waist that held dozens of pockets, all of which appeared to be empty.  But, as Ayden watched with amazement, he saw Nienna pull tissues, seed, and glass vials of potions from various pockets as she worked with Freya.  She didn't say what was wrong with his grandmother; her expression was often times troubled while attending to her old friend.
"Is she going to be alright?" he asked softly.
Nienna turned toward him, casting a warm smile his way.  "Time will tell.  Bringing her into Shae Vale will help.  And she has many friends who will keep her spirits lifted."
When the fairy left.  Freya instructed Ayden to help Pax learn a vanishing spell that would enable them to keep the tattooed map hidden.  He would also have to learn to summon it, make it re-appear, so they could keep track of where they were and where they needed to go.
During the next week, Pax practiced a vanishing spell on various objects.  After he had successfully vanished the spots off of the back of a toad, he was ready to try on himself.  The question was, would he be able to do it without looking at what he was casting the spell on?  Using a mirror might cause unexpected problems.
"You'll be able to do it, Pax.  Just concentrate like you did with the frog," Ayden encouraged.  After a few attempts where Pax managed to cause his rear end to vanish and re-appear, he was at last successful.  Pax's smooth, clean back shown where previously a map had been.
It took a little longer to get it back, causing everyone to panic.  Everyone except Ayden.  He hoped the thing would stay hidden forever.  Then they could stay home. Unfortunately, Pax was eventually successful with that spell as well.
Three days later, Freya called Ayden into the little wooden house to talk.  The stone, which Ayden had given her to inspect, rested on a small bedside table made from a tree stump.  She hadn't been able to decipher any more from it than he had.  Not that it mattered.  It had fulfilled its purpose.
Ayden had never seen Freya sick.  He was used to her being the strong one.  Now, discomfort wriggled inside his heart as he sat in a chair next to her bed.  Her face was still pale, and she rattled a cough every so often.  The fact that Nienna's efforts had had little effect didn't relieve his anxiety.
Freya looked toward her grandson with a reassuring smile.  "I'll be fine, Ayden.  Nienna is an expert healer, and Shae Vale is already having its affects on me."
Ayden shifted uncomfortably in his seat, trying to shake a heavy foreboding that had settled on him.  "I've been thinking about a lot of things, lately," he said, not sure how to explain what he was feeling. 
"Tell me," Freya said softly and then waited.
After sitting in uncertain silence for a while, Ayden cleared his throat and spoke, "I'm not sure I'm ready for all of this or that I even want to do it.  I'm not even sure I want to be who I am."  He spoke in a rush and paused only long enough to take a breath before continuing.  "If it weren't for me, or for this secret, you would've never been hurt..." He found himself unable to continue as an involuntary, painful lump formed in his throat.  
Even though he knew she wouldn't live forever, he couldn't bear to think of life without Freya.  And for the first time, he wished more than anything to be a normal human.  He wished he were off to school with his friends, coming home on the holidays to visit Freya--a healthy, unharmed Freya.  He even dared to wish that Shae Vale didn't exist, that it really was a make-believe place.
Freya held Ayden's hand and squeezed.  It was comforting to feel strength in her grip; he found the courage to look into his grandmother's face.  "Ayden, what happened to me is not your fault.  If this hadn't happened, we would still be in the dark as to just how serious things have gotten in Shae Vale.  I was hurt because I wasn't prepared--I wasn't watching as I should've been.  And please," she looked earnestly toward Ayden's face, "don't ever regret being who you are.  Your heritage is noble, and the gifts you have been given and how you use them will define who you will become.  You have great gifts, Ayden.  Do not be so quick to curse the very things that can give you strength and comfort."
Ayden didn't completely understand what Freya was trying to tell him.  Fear tugged at him like a reckless child demanding attention.  "I need help, Freya.  I can't do this alone.  What if I fail, like I did with the black dwarf?  This is so much more important. What if I can't fulfill what you all think is my destiny?  Degas has been around for hundreds of years. She's too powerful!"
"Ayden, you are never alone.  Put your fears and worries aside.  I know that you will find the help you need along the way, just when you need it," Freya answered.
"How?  How do you know?"
A knowing smile played on Freya's mouth.  "Many things in our lives are filled with magic.  Most magical things, like love for example, can only be learned by experiencing them." Ayden's mind flashed to Hosgrow.  Volos had told him the same thing then.  "If you tried to describe or explain love to someone, you couldn't.  The words would not fit the experience, and they would seem like nonsense to anyone who had never experienced it themselves. 
"Also, most times with magic you have to let go of something precious in order to gain an even greater prize."  She sighed, and Ayden knew she sensed his confusion.  "I know you will have help when you need it, Ayden.  But I cannot explain how I know because you have not yet had the experiences to help you understand."
Nienna entered the room and gently asked Ayden to leave and give Freya some rest.  Freya told him to come and talk more the next day--the day that they would leave to find the Sword of Songs.  A hallow feeling fell into the pit of Ayden's stomach as he left his grandmother's side; Freya's words had left him confused and more lonely for her somehow.
He looked up at the clear sky-it was a total contrast to his churning emotions.  Please, he begged, don't make me go!



Chapter Seventeen
The Reluctant Traveler


They were ready to leave long before Ayden was ready to go.  He doubted he'd ever be ready.  They would bring along one of the horses this time, as they would be carrying more provisions than usual.  Volos believed they'd be traveling several weeks.
Volos had told Ayden about wending, a fast form of transportation.  But, it required the use of powerful magic that would draw attention.  The woodland fae also had a quick way of traveling by using the trees.  But that was even more difficult than wending. They would have to travel on foot. 
Ayden slept very little that night.  He couldn't get his mind off of Freya; and when he wasn't thinking about her, he was worrying over his uncertain future.  He knew he should sleep, but his mind raced on, stealing all of his rest.  Finally, he disturbed Volos long enough for him to make his special tea.  At long last, after allowing the steaming liquid to caress his throat, Ayden was able to rest.
When all was prepared the next day, Ayden made one last visit to Freya.  After he made a feeble attempt at persuading her to let him stay by her side rather than venture out, she gave him some last minute instructions.  Then, she put on a brave face as tears filled her eyes, and she gave Ayden a reassuring hug.  "I love you, dear Ayden, no matter which choices you make and no matter what happens.  Remember that."
Ayden's throat tensed and he only nodded as he hugged his grandmother.  "Jynx," he addressed his ever-present cat. "Could you do me a favor? Stay here with Freya.  Keep an eye on her for me, okay?"  The cat surveyed him with squinted eyes for a moment, then leapt up onto Freya's lap and settled there, purring.  "Thanks, friend."
"He's no ordinary cat, is he?" Da'ewyn's voice sounded from the doorway.  Ayden had to quickly wipe a tear and shove aside the sad, empty feeling in his chest.
Turning to the doorway, he answered, "No.  He's not."  Without looking back, he followed the Veela out of the house.
Ayden walked a full day without speaking to the others.  He listened to Volos and Pax talk about various things, but he didn't feel like joining in on the conversation.  Shae Vale didn't seem as bright and cheerful to him. He finally just focused on the trail ahead, not talking, not thinking, and not feeling.
That night, Volos came and sat next to Ayden and spoke, "You know the last thing Freya would want is for you to mope around because of her."
Ayden didn't say anything. "Ayden," Volos spoke in a more stern voice, "If you want to help Freya, this is not the way to do it.  She's been touched by a dark magic, but there is still hope for her.  So, snap out of it, get your head in this mission, and find the sword.  If you find that sword, you will be able to help Freya more than you realize."
This got Ayden's attention; he looked into Volos' snake-like brown eyes.  "What do you mean, exactly? And don't you dare tell me I will know 'all in good time'."
Volos chuckled and said, "Just think about it for a minute.  If it was Degus who sent the evil sprites that attacked Freya, then when Degus is defeated, a lot of what she has done will be undone."
A flood of hope washed over Ayden as the light of understanding clicked inside his brain.  He looked at Volos' smile.  "Thanks," he said.
"Thank me when this mission is over and we're all safely home.  We have a long way to go.  Try to get some sleep tonight.  Here, drink some tea now.  Maybe things will seem brighter after you've had a full night of rest."
"You've already helped things seem brighter.  But I'll drink the tea.  I don't want to have another night like last night," Ayden said and gratefully took the cup from Volos' hands.
The next day was bright and full of sun.  Ayden felt better and was even able to join in conversations with his companions.  Da'ewyn had ventured ahead to scope out the area.  They hadn't seen her for a long while.
After several hours of walking, he caught a familiar scent and smiled to himself.  When they stopped for a quick lunch, he snuck into the trees just on the edge of the clearing where they rested and waited.  Volos and Pax carried on in conversation, oblivious to what Ayden was doing.
The soft breeze brought the smell of leather and flowers toward Ayden and he readied himself.  Just as Da'ewyn passed silently near him, he yelled and tackled her.  Volos and Pax leapt up in surprise, drawing their weapons.  Ayden pinned the Veela to the ground and smiled.  "Gotcha!" he crowed into her face.
"Get off of me you stupid human!"  Da'ewyn growled and attempted to get her leg between them.  But Ayden was ready this time and she was unable to make her move.  After laughing in the Veela's face, Ayden stood and held out his hand to help her.  Scowling at him, she slapped his hand away and stood on her own.  
She'd traded her delicate attire for more practical leather britches and tank and her forearms were protected with leather guards.  Her headband and armbands remained, however, their crystals glinting in the sunlight.
"Didn't mean to offend your highness!" Ayden said, bowing in a mocking fashion.
Da'ewyn leapt at Ayden with an angry yell and pulled at his hair.  He growled as the two kicked and punched each other mercilessly.  Finally, Volos walked over and put a hand on each of their chests and shoved them apart.  "Stop!" he yelled and Da'ewyn, after regaining her balance, looked up at Volos and glared. "You two are going to draw more attention than any magic if you don't knock it off!" said Volos and then he turned to walk back to the lunch he had dropped in the dirt.
The companions traveled for a week with no unusual occurrences.  Occasionally, they'd asked Pax to reveal the map for direction. Volos, Ayden, and Da'ewyn would each memorize a portion of the next part of their journey to keep from forgetting their way and to avoid revealing the map too often.  
Evenings consisted of quick meals and quiet conversation.  Volos sparred as quietly as possible with Ayden and Da'ewyn while Pax practiced various spells and enchantments.  Ayden and Da'ewyn also attempted now and then to wrestle with one another, but were always quickly put to rest by Volos' fierce gaze and growling vocal chords.  
Ayden attempted to meditate every night.  Petting or brushing the pack horse helped calm his nerves, but he couldn't stop his mind from worrying over his grandmother or wondering about the days ahead.
Into their second week of traveling, Da'ewyn appeared from the trees to announce that some kind of gathering was taking place on the road ahead.  After arguing if they should or shouldn't go around, they decided it would be best to stick to their course and make their way through the gathering.  Perhaps someone there would have extra supplies for them to purchase.  They could use more feed for the horse, and Volos' and Pax's water skins were wearing thin.
They came to a clearing void of trees or any other vegetation.  Small clouds of dust danced around their feet as they crossed the bare ground.  A large crowd hugged the outer edges of rope which formed a large ring.  The noise was deafening as the crowd cheered, jeered, and guffawed loudly at two figures circling one another inside the ring.  "Scrap fights," Da'ewyn said loathingly as she wrinkled her nose.
Ayden looked at her curiously.  "What are scrap fights?" he asked.
"They are a very brutal, uncivilized form of dueling," Da'ewyn responded as she glared in disgust at the crowd.  "I detest these fights and I detest the people who are involved with them even more."  As they walked through the sweating bodies of the crowd, a man spat in the dirt directly in front of Da'ewyn's feet.  Ayden was certain that any action in the ring would become tame compared to what he envisioned her doing to the spew-er.  But she simply glared at him and continued walking.
The four companions tied the pack horse securely to a tree. The stench of sweating bodies smothered them as they found their way closer to the ring.  Ayden had to crane his neck around an insanely tall man to catch glimpses of what was happening.  
Inside the ring, a figure wearing a jet black, satin cloak circled the bulking form of a giant troll.  The cloak could've been enchanted for all Ayden could tell as it floated eerily across the dirt.  Only blackness could be seen where a face should've appeared inside the hood. Ayden shivered, thinking about doons--those evil shadow dwellers often wore cloaks to hide themselves from the light of the sun.
The troll's bulging form threatened to tear the scrap of material that covered the upper half of his body, and his strange looking pants were at least two sizes too small.  A hideous smirk was plastered on his wart infested face as if he were already certain of victory.  Neither of the figures carried a weapon.
Ayden finally made his way around the taller man and had a clear view of the fight.  The excitement of combat was infectious and, as the crowd's shouting increased, Ayden felt the blood in his veins quicken.  Without warning, the troll suddenly growled and lunged at the floating cloak. 
His heart jumped with the crowd as he was certain the cloaked figure would be flattened beneath the troll's rock-solid form.  However, the creature's body slammed loudly against nothing but dirt, causing an enormous cloud of dust to billow out from beneath him; the cloaked figure dodged easily and smoothly away.  If expressions could kill, Ayden was certain the troll would have been victorious the instant he arose from the ground. 
As the troll turned to face his opponent, weapons from the crowd were suddenly flung into the ring.  The troll sauntered over and picked up a club the size of a tree.  Murder glinted through his coal black eyes as he turned and once again faced the floating cloak.  
The cloaked figure stood motionless in front of its foe, refusing any weapon offered.  The crowd's excitement heightened as the two combatants drew toward each other.  From somewhere beyond Ayden's vision an announcer was attempting a play-by-play, but his voice was swallowed in the thunder of hundreds of shouting voices.  
The troll swung his club futilely at the figure who easily avoided every blow until the troll was dripping with acidic sweat.  Throwing down the club, he grabbed a frightening looking stick carrying razor sharp spikes all along its stem; at the upper end of the stick, attached by rusting chains, were two enormous spikes, each of which was covered with hundreds of metal thorns.  
The troll swung the weapon around his head as he smiled menacingly.  The cloaked figure floated to someone in the crowd at the edge of the ring.  It casually took a very simple, long, white, wooden staff and turned to face the troll.  The creature surveyed the staff and then released a guttural laugh.  
Ayden found himself cheering against the majority of the crowd in favor of the cloaked figure.  He turned momentarily to see that Da'ewyn had him locked in a death-glare.  He looked at her with a smirk, shrugged his shoulder, and turned back to watch the fight.
The next several moves happened so fast, Ayden could scarcely keep up with the action.  The troll flung his weapon toward the cloaked figure several times.  The figure seemed to be getting weary as it fought off every blow, moving too slowly only once as one of the spikes tore at the material of the cloak.  The figure yelled for the first time, surprisingly in a feminine voice.  The contrasting white skin of an arm could be seen through the torn cloth, and bright red blood trickled from an ugly looking scratch.
With the troll's vast strength, he again flung his weapon at the figure.  This time, the cloaked figure was ready.  It raised the staff into the air as the ends of the troll's weapon lashed out.  The beast yelled in surprise and frustration as the spiked ends of his weapon wrapped the attached chains furiously around the staff until the spiked tips imbedded themselves into the wood.  The staff glowed and sparks flared where the foreign weapon touched it.
The crowd gasped and booed as the cloaked figure, with one swift movement, gripped the staff and yanked the troll's weapon from his hands, tearing his flesh.  Then, the troll's opponent leapt as gracefully and powerfully as a puma over his head.  As the figure flipped over and began descending behind the troll, it struck him in the back of the head with the blunt end of the staff.  Then, disturbing only a light wisp of dust, it landed softly and waited.  
All was silent as the crowd watched the troll teeter back and forth for what seemed an hour.  Finally, with eyes rolling back in his head, the troll fell face first into the dust and was still.
No one moved or made any sound until the dust settled.  Then, at once, half of the crowd erupted with booing and half with exuberant cheering as the announcer found his way to the cloaked figure in the center of the ring.  As he grasped the figure's hand and raised it in victory, the hood of the cloak fell away, revealing its secret.
Ayden's heart turned to stone and it dropped to the pit of his stomach;  standing victorious over a giant troll in the middle of a shady fight in the heart of Shae Vale stood the sweat-soaked, fiery, red-headed figure of his former girlfriend, Isabella.



Chapter Eighteen
Surprises


Every emotion flooded Ayden in the span of a few seconds.  For reasons he couldn't focus on, anger seemed to dominate them all.  He shrugged off Volos' hand as he attempted to make his way through the crowd.  It seemed as if every person in his path was going the opposite direction, and he ended up further back from where he'd started.  Volos finally caught him and shouted over the noise of the crowd, "You may as well wait until this crowd thins out.  You'll never be able to get through until it does anyway."
"But she'll be long gone by then!" Ayden shouted back louder than he'd intended.
"She won't go far--she has to collect her winnings," Volos said as he gestured with his chin toward a large, brown tent north of the arena.  
As Ayden waited impatiently for the crowd to disperse, Pax and Da'ewyn found their way to him.  "What is going on?  Do you know that girl?" Da'ewyn questioned with a scowl on her face.  
 Ayden was in no mood to discuss anything with the princess at that moment, so he allowed Volos to fill in the blanks. Volos told Da'ewyn how Isabella had been Ayden's girlfriend, and how Ayden had led her into Shae Vale against Freya's instruction--and how Ayden had to convince her it had all been a dream. When Volos finished, Da'ewyn's expression hadn't improved.  Directing her gaze once again on Ayden, she questioned, "So why bother talking with her?  Obviously she can't be trusted if she's found her way here.  I say we get what we need and leave.  Let her face her own fate."
Ayden looked so fiercely into Da'ewyn's eyes that she took a step back.  "She was my friend once.  It's because of me that she even knows about Shae Vale in the first place.  I have to find out what's going on and get her out of here!"
Ayden spun abruptly on his heal before anyone could stop him and stormed across the dusty ground toward the tent.  Most of the crowd had dispersed and he was able to focus on his destination.  Just as he approached the doorway to the tent, Isabella emerged holding a bag heavy with coin.  Her face held smugness, as she shook the purse and listened to the coins clink against one another.
Ayden drew closer and, nearly shouting, spoke her name, "Isabella!"
The girl turned abruptly to face him, her expression void of recognition. When she looked more closely, however, she burst into joyous shouting.  "Ayden!  Oh, my gosh!  I wondered how long it would be before I saw you here!"  She floated toward him, causing him to be momentarily distracted from his anger with wonderment at her fluid movement.  She reached out and embraced him tightly, causing a flood of mixed emotion to rush through him.  He wasn't certain how to react, so he stood stiffly holding his arms at his sides. 
When he didn't respond, Isabella drew away and scowled at him.  "What's the matter?  We haven't seen each other for so long and you can't even give me a hug?"  Her expression soured and Ayden noticed how thin and pale her face was.
"What are you doing here, Isabella?  What are you doing fighting a troll in the middle of Shae Vale?  And, how did you learn how to move like that?"  Ayden couldn't stop his questions, each edged with the anger that still ruled his emotions.
Isabella continued to scowl and answered, "I don't know, Ayden.  Since this is all just a figment of my imagination, why don't you tell me?"
Ayden's face heated.  "Freya made me tell you that.  I wasn't supposed to bring you to Shae Vale in the first place.  You don't belong here, Isabella.  There are things happening here that are beyond dangerous--you need to go home!" 
Isabella's face contorted with rage.  "I am a part of the danger here.  You lost the right to tell me what I could and couldn't do the minute you lied to me about this place.  How dare you tell me to go home!  I have no home anymore. I can never go back to our world!"  Her green eyes had gone from fire to water in a matter of seconds.  She shook her head, allowing the fierceness to re-appear. "And don't call me Isabella anymore--Isabella no longer exists.  I go by Sabina now."
With that she turned and glided away.  He felt a hand on his shoulder and turned to see Volos staring down at him.  "I don't have a good feeling about her.  Leave her be.  She can obviously take care of herself."
Volos' words were like hot needles pricking at Ayden's nerves. He knew Volos never cared much for Isabella--or Sabina.  The name change made it even more unnerving. What had she meant about Isabella not existing? "How can you tell me to leave her?  Whatever has happened to her is my fault!  I am the one who brought her here, and lied to her about it afterwards.  If she's in some kind of trouble from coming here, I need to help her."
As Ayden ran after Isabella, he could hear the padding of his friends' feet in the powdery dirt behind him.  He didn't care--he couldn't continue with their journey until he solved this problem.
"Isa--I mean, Sabina, wait!"  He ran after her to the edge of the trees where she had approached another figure holding the staff that she'd used in the ring.  At first, all Ayden noticed was the bird sitting atop the white staff, its enormous wings stretched out as if challenging him.  But it wasn't the bird's pose that drew his attention.  He'd never seen anything like it in all his life.  Its body was shaped and colored like a peacock; scale-like chest feathers changed from deep blue, to deep purple, to deep green as it moved in the sunlight.  The wing feathers were colored like the rainbow as were its extremely long tail feathers that trailed nearly to the ground.  Its eyes gleamed shiny and gold and it let out a clear, loud call as it vigorously flapped its wings, sending tufts of down through the air.  It was the most beautiful bird Ayden had ever laid eyes on.
Sabina and the figure holding the staff where momentarily forgotten as the bird drew all attention to itself.
Sabina's voice jerked Ayden's focus away from the hypnotizing bird.  "It's okay, Nya.  He's an old friend of mine.  He's a jerk, but he's basically harmless," she said, glaring over at Ayden and his friends.
Ayden tried to ignore Sabina's insult as he watched Nya and the bird.  A soft voice emanated from the girl in a language foreign to Ayden as she stroked her pet's chest with her index finger.  The bird immediately calmed and perched quietly atop the staff.  Ayden paid attention to the figure for the first time. 
Next to the glory of the bird, the girl appeared dull.  A cream colored dress hung loosely from bony shoulders and a tall, lean frame.  The hem of the dress was tattered and dirty, and soiled bare feet stuck out from beneath it. 
Ayden directed his attention to her young face.  Her layered, mousy brown hair hung loosely and rested on her shoulders.  Her eyes, which were set a little too far apart, caught his attention; they seemed to be dimming as Ayden looked at them, like watching something white hot cool rapidly.  Ayden stared, mesmerized, until the whiteness dissolved and tender lavender eyes stared back at him.  Her features were soft and smooth as she smiled warmly.
"Ayden, this is Nya.  Nya, Ayden," Sabina quickly introduced. She then turned to Nya, and spoke in the strange language.  When Sabina finished, she turned back to Ayden.
"I've told her how rude you are.  You haven't even introduced me to your friends.  Uh, except for Volos.  Good to see you again."  She nodded to Volos who scowled back at her.
"That's not really important right now," Ayden said, feeling impatience tug at him again.  "How did you get here?  What's happened to you?  Why are you here and why are you fighting for money?  And what did you mean that you were a part of the danger here, or that 'Isabella' no longer exists?"
"All of that, my dear old friend, is not your business.  But, I will tell you that we needed the money," she jangled her winnings in his face, "for supplies, which we will now get and be on our way."  She walked over to Ayden, looking deeply into his eyes.  "It really was good to see you," she said softly.  Sadness shadowed her face again, and she turned away before Ayden could stop her.
His anger was joined with frustration and worry, but he didn't know what to do to stop Sabina from leaving. He didn't have time to mull it over as a commotion drew his attention to where they had tethered their horse.  The animal was squealing in fear as someone was attempting to steal him.
Before anyone could blink, Da'ewyn had shot an arrow and the perpetrator lay sprawled on the ground.  "So much for being inconspicuous!" Ayden yelled and ran to the fallen body.  Da'ewyn was quicker, however, and as she reached it first, she drew another arrow and held it ready over her victim's body.
"You'll be still if you wish to continue existing," she spat.
The man was ragged and thin and there was darkness in his eyes that reminded Ayden of the men in the gray area at prison, Hosgrow.  He shrugged away a shiver as he came beside Da'ewyn and held his sword to the man's throat.  Volos and Pax joined them, forming a circle around the man, leaving no room for escape.
"What do you have to say for yourself?" Ayden asked.
The man merely looked each of them up and down purposefully before giving an evil smile. Da'ewyn shot her arrow a fraction of a second too late as the figure suddenly disappeared with a wisp of black smoke.
"Th-that c-can't be g-good!"  Pax stated.
"Ya think?" Ayden said and little more fiercely than he'd intended.  Pax fiddled with the pouch on his belt and cast his eyes to the ground.
"We have to leave now!" Da'ewyn said. "I don't like this place and whatever that thing was, it wasn't good."
"D-Do you th-think we're b-being fffollowed?" Pax asked nervously, continuing to rattle the contents of the pouch.
"If we are, it's best to get a move on.  We'll lose whoever it is in the trees," Volos said in a tone that was not all that convincing.  Ayden's stomach knotted and he instinctively surveyed every inch of the area around them for shadows.  
"One of us needs to get our supplies.  That was the whole reason for stopping here in the first place," Ayden said.  
"If you hadn't decided to watch that stupid fight and have a chat with your old girlfriend, we could've been gone already, and none of this would've happened," Da'ewyn growled.
"Would you shut up?  How was I supposed to know that she was the one fighting?" Ayden shouted back.  He was about to continue railing on the Veela, but Volos interrupted.
"This is no time for one of your quarrels.  We need to get out of here.  Now, who will get the supplies?"
"I-I can d-do it," Pax offered.
"No, you're too important--you carry the map," Da'ewyn stated.
Ayden fought back the impulse to punch her square in the mouth.  "Sssh!  Do you want everyone to hear you?"
"I'll go.  I know what we need and I have plenty of money," Da'ewyn said, ignoring Ayden.  He began to protest, but she cut him off before he could speak.  "You are even more important than Pax, and Volos may be recognized.  I'll be quick.  Wait for me in the trees past the tent."  She turned abruptly and was headed for the merchant's tent before anyone could protest. 
Ayden grew more and more impatient as they waited for Da'ewyn to return.  His mood was still sour over the whole Sabina incident and the smoky figure.  If those were the types of creatures they were up against, how would they ever reach their destination without being followed or captured?
After what seemed an hour, Da'ewyn finally re-joined the group.  She handed out the new water skins and tied the bag of feed to the horse's pack.  "Take long enough?" Ayden said, annoyed but also awed at Da'ewyn's strength--that bag of feed couldn't have been light.
"There was a large crowd," Da'ewyn replied and then turned up the trail.  Ayden was a little taken back--he'd been expecting more of a fight.  However, relief over leaving that area overrode his annoyance and he followed the princess down the path.
Everyone was jittery over the next couple of days.  Every little sound caused Ayden's nerves to jolt though him like lightning as he was certain they'd be under attack at any moment.
Pax periodically fiddled with the pouch on his belt which nearly drove Ayden to insanity.  "What in the heck do you have in there anyway?" he finally asked toward the end of the day. 
Pax looked startled and confused, as if he had no idea what Ayden was talking about.  When Ayden jerked his head toward the pouch, Pax abruptly stopped fiddling and explained.  "Th-thay're marbles.  I-It's h-habit, I-I guess.  I-I d-don't even r-realize when I'm d-doin' that.  Sarry."
"Just try to stop; it gets annoying after a while," Ayden said a little more calmly.  Pax nodded and released the pouch as they plodded on.
Later that night, Volos and Da'ewyn patrolled the area to make certain it was safe to set up camp for the night.  They had been eating cold food again to avoid lighting a fire and drawing attention.  As Ayden finished his meal, Da'ewyn approached and sat down beside him.  "Did you love her?" she asked point blank.
Ayden looked at her and shook his head.  "You're just dying to know every little detail, aren't you?  Well, I'm not going to tell you anything." He said calmly and turned back toward the fire.  He could see the Veela out of the corner of his eye scowling at him, and he couldn't keep the smile from creeping across his lips.
"I was just trying to start a conversation," she said.
Ayden couldn't hold back his laughter.  "That's one heck of a conversation starter. 'Did you love her?'"  This was the most fun he'd had in days.
Da'ewyn looked at him coolly and said, "There's something wrong with her, you know.  I saw her at the merchant's.  She wasn't buying normal supplies for a human."
Ayden was suddenly serious.  "What do you mean?  What was she buying?"
Da'ewyn looked smugly at him and said, "Oh, this and that.  I couldn't tell really; there were too many people."
"You didn't see anything.  You just trying to get me riled up," Ayden said uncertainly.
"She's not all that pretty, you know.  I can't understand what you saw in her." 
Ayden looked at Da'ewyn, amused.  "Are you jealous of Sabina?  You are, aren't you?" he asked and nearly burst into laughter.
"I am NOT jealous!  Why would I be jealous of a human?  You're talking nonsense!" she blurted, her cheeks blazing red.  She stood and stormed off to the sound of Ayden's laughter.  
Suddenly, the sound of Ayden's laughter was sliced by a shrill scream emanating from the darkening trees.  All four companions leapt to their feet with weapons ready as they attempted to determine which direction the sound had come from.  They didn't have to wait long as another scream echoed from the path not far ahead of them.  



Chapter Nineteen
Suspicions


Ayden ran through the trees as fast as his legs would carry him.  His heart beat against his chest and branches slapped at his face and hands as he sped through their grasp.  The trees began to thin, and he could hear voices ahead.  His heart pounded faster as he recognized the strange language of Sabina's companion; and then Sabina's voice screamed, "NYA!  AHDA!"
Her words were followed by an ear-piercing scream.  A flash of light reached Ayden's eyes as he commanded his legs to move faster.  He came into a clearing, sword raised and ready for combat.  But what he saw made him slide to a sudden stop.
Sabina and Nya stood over the fallen body of some creature.  Nya's eyes burned white hot, and her staff smoldered against the victim's body.  Sabina stood beside her.  As she looked up at Ayden, he could see her face was covered with blood.  It dripped sickeningly off of her chin and down her cloak.  Her hands were also covered with crimson liquid, and she breathed heavily as her body shook.  When she saw Ayden, she screamed and ran into the darkness.
"Sabina!  Wait!" he attempted to run after her, but was stopped by the long wooden staff of her companion.  "Let me go!  She's hurt!"
Nya, whose eyes still held some of the fiery white glow, answered him calmly in her own tongue.  Ayden didn't know what she'd said.  He didn't care.  Sabina was hurt and if he didn't get to her soon, she'd bleed to death.
Ayden shoved the girl's staff away and stepped in the direction that Sabina had disappeared.  Before he had gotten far, however, she reappeared, most of the blood washed away.  Ayden ran to her, checking her over for wounds.
"It's okay, Ayden.  I'm not hurt."
"But, all that blood.  What happened?" He looked around until his eyes rested on the fallen body.  Volos, Da'ewyn, and Pax were standing over it, breathing heavily from running after Ayden.
Volos looked at him.  "It's a deer."  He looked at Sabina with eyes full of mistrust.  Ayden knew that the killing of animals for any purpose other than for food and clothing was detestable to his friend.  Volos' voice boomed as he asked, "What happened here?  Why have you done this?"
"Eet was, ah, mourund."  Nya's gentle voice caused everyone to jerk their heads in her direction. 
"You can speak English?"  Ayden asked.
"I've been teaching her a little.  She said it was dying.  It had been wounded somehow," Sabina said.
"Then what was all that screaming?" Da'ewyn asked suspiciously.
Sabina shifted her weight nervously.  "That was Nya's bird.  It alerted us to the deer's condition.  I couldn't keep it down on my own--it was too strong.  So I screamed for Nya's help.  I had to slit its throat or it would've suffered.  When it struggled, I got blood on my hands and face."
Ayden looked over to Nya for confirmation to the story. Somehow, he couldn't wrap his mind around the image of his old girlfriend killing anything. Nya's eyes seemed sad, and he was certain Sabina was holding back information.  He looked at her again, ready to question more.  
"Look, here's the knife.  You can inspect the deer if you like to see if what I say is true."  Sabina handed Ayden the bloodied knife, and he and Volos examined the deer's throat.  Nothing seemed unusual about the cut; it was clean and expertly made.  A burn mark was left where Nya's staff had held the deer.  There was another large, older wound on its side where it had become horribly infected.  Sabina's story appeared to be accurate.
Ayden didn't like the uneasy feeling that lingered in the air.  He knew his companions would object, but he made a solid decision not to let Sabina be parted from their company again.  He had to find out what was happening with her one way or another.
"I think you two should travel with us.  It's too dangerous for you to be alone."  He could hear Da'ewyn gasp in protest behind him, and Volos cleared his throat, signaling his displeasure.  Pax didn't speak, but rattled the infuriating pouch.
"Thank you for the offer.  But we've been traveling on our own for a long time now without your help.  We'll be fine," Sabina answered firmly.
Nya touched her arm gently and spoke to her.  As they conversed, Ayden listened intently.  Slowly, he picked up a word here and there, just as he'd done with Volos and Nyxia.  He heard "help" and "protection" in the mix.  Sabina became agitated and shook her head at Nya.  Her companion remained calm as she placed a hand on Sabina's shoulder.  "Please," she stated calmly in English as she stared into her friend's eyes.
Sabina sighed and hung her head for a moment as she thought.  Ayden could see her struggling with herself as she sighed again and shifted her weight.  Finally, she spoke, "Okay, Ayden.  You win.  We'll travel with you.  But only until we--well, until we need to part ways."
"Could we speak with you in private?" Da'ewyn asked through gritted teeth.  Ayden groaned.  He didn't feel like discussing this decision with the princess or Volos.  He walked over to them and in hushed tones argued his case.
"Look, I know you two don't trust them.  But what better way to keep our eyes on them then to have them with us?  Besides, we've seen how Sabina can fight.  We may need her help."
"We already have too many in this group, Ayden," Da'ewyn said.  "Two more will draw even more attention.  She said she's a part of the danger here; what if she's with Degus?" she retorted stiffly.
"I know her.  She's not evil," Ayden answered.
"You used to know her.  She's obviously not the same girl you were once infatuated with."
"Volos, please.  Let them come with us.  If there is any sign of trouble, I'll handle it," Ayden pled with his older companion.
Da'ewyn, Pax, and Ayden all focused their attention on Volos as he weighed the decision in his mind.  Finally, he said, "Alright, Ayden.  I'll put my trust in you.  But know that if either one of them poses any kind of threat, I won't hesitate to run them through."
Ayden sighed with relief.  "Thank you."  
Traveling with the new companions proved to be less than pleasant.  Da'ewyn made herself scarce, and Ayden knew she was keeping an eye on the new members from a distance.  Volos remained tense, and Pax jangled the marbles more frequently.  
As they walked, Ayden learned that Sabina had searched and found a gateway near her family's new home.  She'd told her family that she was traveling to Europe to attend college and left for Shae Vale instead.  
"What about Nya?  How did you hook up with her?" Ayden asked.
"We kind of bumped into each other one day.  She's an excellent guide.  Well, she's more than that now.  She's a good friend."
"How do you know her language?  You couldn't have been in Shae Vale long enough to learn a whole new language."
"Her language is similar to French, sort of.  I just caught on to it quickly."
Ayden felt like Sabina left a lot out of their conversations, but he didn't press her.  Instead, he listened intently every time she and Nya talked, and it wasn't long before he understood a lot of what they were saying.  Nya must've sensed this, because she whispered more whenever he came near while they spoke.
Ayden also noticed, uncomfortably, that Pax had taken a special interest in Sabina.  He had attempted more than once to start a conversation with her; but one scowl and he'd nervously jangle the marbles and scurry away, forcing his nose into a book.  Ayden felt he really needed to help Pax get over his silly shyness, if for no other reason, to at least get him to leave the stupid marbles alone.  But he didn't want Pax practicing bravery with Sabina.
Ayden watched Sabina with hawk eyes as they journeyed.  She seemed so pale and thin, and her floating movement baffled him.  On more than one occasion, he woke in the night to find her missing.  He'd search for her, but could never find her.  He even followed her the night he was on watch to see where she went, but as soon as she reached a shadowy area, he lost her.  She always returned a couple hours before dawn and silently crept into her wrap, falling instantly into a deep sleep.  This caused a disconcerting notion to form in Ayden's mind about what might be happening with his high school sweet heart.
After another night of watching Sabina, Ayden walked alongside Pax the next day and whispered, "Pax, have you ever read anything about vampires?"
Pax shrugged, "A l-little.  M-My uncle h-had every b-book you could find 'bout th-tham."  Then he looked at Ayden.  "Wh-why?"
Ayden swallowed and took a calming breath. "I need you to tell me everything you know."



Chapter Twenty
The Fury of the Full Moon


Heavy clouds and strong winds pressed against six companions as they trekked uphill along a wide-cut path through the Forgotten Forest of Shae Vale.  Ayden hated this forest.  The trees were small and spaced too far apart.  The wide spaces let the full force of the wind beat against them, and the path was covered with loose stones, causing frequent stumbling.  Nya held her bird gently beneath her arm, its colorful tail feathers curling around her body from the wind.  Flight would've been impossible.  In fact, Ayden hadn't seen or heard another single bird the entire time they'd been traveling through the Forgotten Forest.  Maybe that's why it was called that--any creature would be crazy to live here.  Even the trees forgot to grow here.  Ayden was sure he'd make a point of forgetting it himself as soon as they were through.
He was glad for the clouds.  The sun would've been stifling without the shade from the trees.  Plus, the clouds helped him feel less exposed.  Even though he'd grown up surrounded by the wide open spaces around Freya's farm, he now missed the comfortable feeling of dozens of trees hiding their bodies from invisible eyes.
There was another reason he was thankful for the clouds.  Tonight would be a full moon.  And, if he was right about Sabina, they definitely did not need a full moon to appear any time soon.  He'd kept his ideas about the subject to himself, even from Pax.  His friend knew more than a little about vampires and had flooded Ayden's mind with information. 
Pax had relayed various types of vampires and their origins.  He learned that it was actually a type of virus that began in Shae Vale and had somehow found its way into the Other World as well.  Experiments were being done with vampires by less than civil beings--some vampires had acquired wings by having their blood mixed with fairy blood.  The victims of the newer strains of the virus were able to keep their natural form during the day, but were transformed into the vampire state at night.  Also, the moon seemed to now affect them in ways similar to the werewolf--their transformation was at its strongest during a full moon. 
Pax had told Ayden of many forms of defense against these creatures; anything from silver stakes in the heart to hypnosis.  Most of the defenses he spoke of were horribly unpleasant, and Ayden prayed he wouldn't have to use any of them on Sabina.  In fact, he hoped he was totally wrong and Sabina was nothing more than the girl he used to know.  But instinct warned him against such false hopes. 
Ayden was still confused about Nya, though.  How did she fit into the picture?  Was she some breed of vampire herself and that was why they traveled together?  And what was with that crazy, beautiful bird?  She seemed to have a strong connection with it.
He'd have to soon test another of his theories and try to converse with the girl.  If he could learn a language just by listening as it was spoken, could he also speak it himself?  He wasn't sure.  He'd tried to have a conversation in his mind using her words, but it was difficult without someone to respond.  He wondered what other abilities he might have gained from his parents--what else had Freya hidden from him?
Ayden thought of grandmother as he leaned into the wind and gritted bits of dirt that had forced their way between his teeth.  It had been a few days since any messengers had brought word of her condition.  The last he knew, she hadn't improved. He hoped with all his heart that their journey wouldn't last much longer and he'd be able to put a stop to his grandmother's sickness.
Finally and thankfully, they reached the end of the Forgotten Forest and found shelter from the incessant wind against a clay and sandstone ledge.  The formation resembled a giant wave frozen at its height of glory, its crest suspended over their camp. Years of wind had carved the amazing sculpture.  A small stream rested nearby, and they were able to refresh their water pouches.  Ayden drank deeply and felt the soothing water cure his wind-burned lips and face.  Fatigue overwhelmed him; he wanted nothing more than to surrender to sleep.  But it was his turn to patrol the area before dinner, so he set down his gear and wearily walked around the campsite.  
Ayden tried to keep his senses alert as he surveyed the area first with his eyes, then his ears and nose.  There were some new sounds and smells here, but nothing that seemed threatening.  He could still hear the wind blasting in the open area behind them.  A softer breeze whistled through the trees and holes in the large clay formations that surrounded him. Sandstone boulders littered the area where chunks of the surrounding cliffs had deteriorated.  He finally heard the songs of various birds as they sang farewell to the day.
Ayden returned to camp to the smell of food cooking over a warm fire.  He found Pax frying strips of salted pork and boiling water for tea and gave him a questioning look. 
"V-Volos s-said it w-would be okay," Pax said as he looked up at Ayden.
Ayden looked to Volos for conformation.  "I'm tired of eating cold food.  Besides, I think these rocks should hide the light well enough," Volos said.
Everyone ate their supper that night as if they hadn't eaten in days.  Everyone, that is, except Sabina.  Ayden watched her from the corner of his eye.  If anyone looked her way, she'd pretend to take a bite of food; but as soon as no one was looking, she'd spit the food in the grass behind her and look as if she were about to hurl.  Ayden's heart sank.  Things were pointing more and more toward his theory, and he wasn't sure how to handle the situation.  He just hoped none of the others had noticed.
Pax had walked closer to Sabina and was jangling the marbles in the pouch.  He shifted back and forth from one foot to the other as he attempted to muster some courage.  Not tonight, you idiot! Ayden thought.  Sabina seemed more agitated with Pax coming near. Ayden didn't want anything getting her riled up.  He walked over to his friend, grabbed the pouch, and tore it from his belt.
"H-Hey!" Pax yelled out in protest.
"Sorry, but I WILL NOT listen to that another minute," Ayden said, not completely feigning his irritation, and then he turned away.  Pax would be mad, but at least he was distracted from Sabina.
Ayden went to sleep as soon as he was finished with his meal.  He was on second watch that night and wanted to get some rest before it was his turn.  He wanted to keep an eye on Sabina in case anything strange happened-for her protection as well as everyone else's.
Midnight arrived and Da'ewyn shook Ayden from his sleep.  He rose and splashed cool water from the stream against his face.  He then turned and looked, making sure Sabina was still sleeping.  Her form lay on the edge of camp and Ayden could see her side rise and fall as she breathed deeply.  He glanced up and noted that the clouds still hovered, though they were rapidly thinning.
Shaking Sabina from his mind, Ayden walked the perimeter of the camp, looking for any signs of danger.  He was about to circle back toward camp when the snapping of a twig grabbed his full attention.  He quietly slid Phantom and Whisper from their cases and held them tightly.  Forcing himself to breath, he slowly and quietly looked and listened.  
Ayden jerked his head and focused where a movement had caught his peripheral vision.  He was sure he'd seen something in the shadow of the trees to his right and upwind from him.  Squinting, he tried to force his vision to cut through the blackness and reveal what was hidden.  The full moon peeked around the edge of a cloud, giving enough light for Ayden to see that a coyote was slinking through the trees, attempting to avoid detection.
Ayden breathed a sigh of relief as he returned his weapons to their cases.  The moon hid back behind the clouds, and he could hear the coyote scamper away into the trees.
"Everything okay, Ayden?"  Sabina's voice caused Ayden to nearly jump out of his skin.  She was standing atop a large boulder a few feet behind him.  The fact that she'd arrived at that point without his detection made him uneasy.
"Uh, yes. Yes, everything's fine.  There was just a coyote out hunting in the trees over there--startled me a little," he replied.  Sabina's wide, unblinking gaze caused his mouth go dry.  He chanced a quick glance at the sky to reassure himself that the moon was still covered before he asked her cautiously, "What are you doing up?"
"I couldn't sleep," she said as she continued to stare at him.  
Ayden cleared his throat and replied, "Well, I'd better finish my round?"
The clouds suddenly dissolved and the fury of the full moon bore down on them.  Ayden's heart pounded furiously as he watched Sabina, waiting for her to have some sudden reaction to the light.  She remained still, staring.  When nothing happened, Ayden relaxed.  Maybe he'd been wrong after all. 
Sabina gave a crooked smile and floated down to Ayden, her silky cloak ruffling against rocks and grass with her movement.  The hair on Ayden's neck prickled.  There was something different about her--she had a dangerous look in her eyes.  In fact, maybe it was his over-active imagination, but he was sure her eyes were beginning to look red, and the pupils took on the sliver-like form of a cat's.
Sabina advanced smoothly on Ayden.  Even in the brightness of the full moon, she carried an aura of darkness and drama with her every movement.  She reached out and traced Ayden's arm with her fingernail, causing a trail of goose bumps to erupt in its wake.  "Do you remember our first kiss, Ayden?" she asked in a voice thick and smooth as molasses.  Ayden's heart skipped a beat as he looked at her smile--her dog teeth had become a lot more "doggy"; they were long, pointed, and looked as if they could puncture solid rock! 
Subconsciously grabbing the hilt of his sword, Ayden responded, "Uh, well, yes.  I guess I do."
"It was a good kiss," she drawled and drew closer.  Despite the fact that the wind had completely died away, Sabina's cloak and hair ruffled wildly around her; a sudden coldness enveloped Ayden, paralyzing him.  A strange longing pierced his emotions, causing him to want to give in to desires--Sabina's desires.  He could picture their first kiss clearly in his mind; the rush of excitement pumped through his body as her soft, warm lips touched his.  He subconsciously licked his own lips, remembering the taste of her berry lip gloss. 
The sound of Sabina's voice brought him back to the present.  She whispered eerily into his ear, "I can feel the beating of your heart, Ayden."  She looked seductively into Ayden's eyes.
A strong shiver ran down Ayden's spine.  Sabina was getting dangerously close to his neck now, and the coldness of her breath caused his skin to crawl.  She touched his arm again, and he felt himself melting into her as his resolved weakened.  He had to do something fast!  
Ayden shook his head and cleared his throat, attempting to rid his mind and body of Sabina's spell.  He spoke, his voice cracking, "Sabina.  Don't do this. Y-you don't want?to?"  Sabina caressed his neck with the back of her hand while she breathed softly into his ear.  His eyes rolled back as he felt himself surrendering.  Okay, maybe she does want to.  Maybe I want to? 
Every muscled tensed against Ayden's flood of heightened emotion.  He squeezed his eyes tighter and breathed rapidly as he tried to think.  He had to stay calm, stay focused.  If he gave in, he'd be lost to her, and to everyone else who was depending on him.  This was worse than any battle he'd ever fought before. A physical foe didn't compare to the raging storm of his own emotions.
From somewhere in the depths of his mind, Freya's gentle voice echoed, "Remember, my dear, you are never tempted beyond what you can endure.  You always have a choice, and you are always given a way out."
A way out; there had to be some way out of this!  Think, you idiot, think!  Ayden's body trembled uncontrollably as Sabina's lips touched his neck.  Concentrating on anything else was proving difficult as his pulse throbbed under the coldness of her touch.  His chest rose and fell in rapid succession as his mind drowned in swirling, seductive images.  If he didn't think of something fast, she'd have him.
Ayden's eyes snapped open as he suddenly remembered something Pax had told him--one of the defenses.  Reaching into his pocket, he grabbed the leathery pouch full of marbles that he'd torn away from his friend earlier.  His hands shook so badly that he was barely able to release the string holding the pouch tightly shut.  If this didn't work, he'd either have to let her take him or, worse, he'd have to kill her.  



Chapter Twenty One
Sabina's Story


Tipping the pouch upside-down, Ayden dumped the marbles onto the ground just as Sabina's teeth touched his flesh.  The vampiress froze instantly at the sound of the marbles striking the stony ground.  Please let this work! Ayden pleaded, shivering again as her cold breath brushed against his skin.  
Sabina moved away from Ayden's neck and stared at the marbles.  Then, she turned back to Ayden for a moment, and he thought his plan had failed.  Sabina seemed frozen in indecision, her body shaking as she struggled against her instincts.  Then, thankfully, she dropped to her knees and picked up the marbles, counting them one by one.  All that could be heard in the stillness of the night was her shaking voice, "One, two, three?"
Ayden's knees buckled and he was about to let his body fall to the ground with relief when another movement caught his attention.  With great effort, he forced himself to stay upright and fumbled with Phantom and Whisper.  His shaking hands lost their hold on the weapons and they fell useless to the ground.  Cursing, he clumsily grabbed his sword from its sheath and then held it shakily in front of him. 
Nya was crouching as if ready to pounce, her eyes flaming white.  Will this night ever end?  Ayden could barely hold his sword with all his trembling, but he was determined to hold his ground.
Slowly, Nya stood and Ayden watched as her eyes returned to their normal state.  In her language she asked, "Son vule sen? Are you well?"
Ayden realized that Nya wasn't intending to attack him, but to protect him.  Finally, he gave in to his weakened body and dropped his sword.  Nya rushed toward him as he fell to his knees.  "Let me help you," she said, still speaking her own language.
Without realizing what he was doing, Ayden answered in her tongue, "E' vule sen. I'm okay." She took his arm and gently helped him to one of the fallen boulders.  He sat and placed his head in his hands and attempted to gain control of his shivering body.  The rush of intense emotion and the coldness of Sabina's spell had left him weak.  
Nya wrapped her arm around his shoulders and gently rubbed his skin with her hands.  She didn't speak, but simply messaged until Ayden felt a magical warmth flow from her fingertips and seep through his body. Slowly, his shivering subsided and he felt more in control.  He looked into Nya's lavender eyes and, still unaware that he was speaking a different language, told her, "Manta. Thank you."
"You are welcome.  I knew you were quick to learn my words--I could see you watching Sabina and me when we talked.  You had understanding in your eyes."
Ayden's heart jumped as he finally realized what had happened.  He looked at Nya for the longest time, not knowing what else to say.  Sabina's voice droned on in the background, "Fourteen, fifteen?"
"You knew all along about her.  Why didn't you try to tell us?" Ayden questioned.
"I gave her my word not to speak of it, especially to you.  She is very insecure of herself since this happened," Nya explained, her eyes sad.
"How did this happen?  How long has she been this way?" Ayden asked.
"That is her story, and it would be best for her to tell it.  Go back to camp now.  Try to rest.  I will finish your watch," Nya said.
"What about Sabina?" Ayden asked as he looked at Sabina's form crouched over the scattered marbles.
"As soon as the moon sets, she will be free of her present state," Nya said, looking to the sky where the moon was still far above the horizon.  "I will give her more to count until then.  I will look after her, as I have done before.  She will be sleeping at camp before the others wake."
Ayden was uncertain at first.  But upon looking into Nya's gentle eyes, he decided that everything would be as she said.  There was a comforting familiarity about her, and Ayden was thankful for her presence.  He still had a million questions to ask, but his experience with Sabina had drained his energy. He nodded and gratefully went back to camp and fell immediately to sleep.
The next morning came all too quickly and all too bright.  Ayden blinked back the intense rays of the sun and slowly sat up.  He stretched his stiff muscles and yawned as he turned his head to where Sabina slept.  His thoughts reflected in his mind like the sun off of the surface of the water in the stream on the edge of camp.  How could this have happened to his friend--someone from his other world? 
Nya approached Ayden, drawing his mind away from his thoughts.  Without a word, she handed Ayden the pouch full of marbles.  Their hands brushed against each other.  Ayden couldn't resist looking into her eyes.  He felt a great amount of gratitude toward her, but wasn't sure what to say.  It was then that he noticed the necklace she wore.  The morning sunlight flashed off of a figure of a woman carved out of pure crystal; her long hair was waving in the wind as she pulled a black cloak away from her shoulders.  The design and detail were breathtaking.
"That necklace is beautiful," Ayden said in Nya's tongue.
"Manta.  It was given to me by my grandmother when I was very small.  But that is a story I will tell you another time.  Now, there is someone who needs your attention more than I," she said and nodded her head in Sabina's direction.
Ayden had been so involved with Nya and her necklace that he hadn't noticed Sabina awaken.  She lay on her back with her arms stretched above her head as she gazed thoughtfully up at the ocean of sky.  
Feeling a little uncomfortable with having to face Sabina in the light of day, Ayden rose and walked over to her.  She rolled her head over, looking up at him as he approached.  She sat up abruptly, attempting to straighten her hair.  Ayden asked, "How are you feeling?"
"Okay, considering," she replied, attempting to smile.  Her teeth were thankfully back to their normal state; and her eyes, though they carried heavy, dark  bags, were no longer red but their usual brilliant green.  
"Can I sit?" Ayden asked, gesturing with his hand toward the ground.  She nodded and they sat next to one another in awkward silence.  When they finally did speak, they both began at the same time.  Laughing, Ayden said, "Go ahead, you first."
"Um, I just wanted to thank you for helping me last night.  I wasn't exactly myself," Sabina said, her voice shaking slightly.
"I don't know how much help I was but, you're welcome."
"How did you know?  I mean, about the counting thing?  I didn't even know about that until last night." 
Ayden didn't tell her he'd made a desperate guess.  "Pax told me a lot about vampires.  He reads a lot."  When Sabina raised an eyebrow at him, he knew what she was thinking.  "I suspected things about you before last night, but I didn't tell anyone, not even Pax," he said, quickly looking around to make sure none of the others were within earshot.  Pax was conjuring a fire to cook breakfast, and Volos and Da'ewyn had gone off on patrol.  
"Well, I guess we should be thankful for Pax, then.  If it hadn't been for those marbles?"
Sabina was right.  The very thing that had caused him so much aggravation had saved his, and Sabina's, life.  He'd have to make sure to thank Pax later.
"So, how did this all happen, Sabina?  Just two years ago, you were cheering along the sidelines at our old high school basketball games."
"Yeah, and you were telling fantastic stories in English class," Sabina retorted.  Then she sighed heavily and rolled her head around as if to loosen tightened muscles.  "I told you how I went looking for a gateway after we moved.  From there on, I wasn't exactly honest.  I wanted nothing more than to get away from home--Mom and Dad were beginning to argue more and more.  Dad was drinking again.  I don't even think they knew I existed anymore.  
"Anyway, I never could find what I was looking for.  After searching for a month, I became frustrated and decided to blow off steam at a party.  I met this guy there."  She smiled and shook her head slightly, momentarily lost in memory.  "There was just something about him; I guess I had a few too many and started running my mouth off about Shae Vale and how I wanted to find a gateway and go back there.  I totally expected him to laugh at me, but he didn't.  As it turned out, he knew exactly where to find a gateway.  
"I came back to Shae Vale with him and never looked back.  I thought I was in love," she said as her eyes moistened and her brows furrowed.  "Turns out he's a sorcerer--and an elf, which was just fine by me at the time.  I found it all so exciting and adventurous.  He treated me like a queen and showed me all sorts of magical things.  He had several projects he was doing and, somehow or other, he got me excited about them all--even the bad ones.  I don't know, maybe he placed a spell on me.  Maybe I was just stupid."  
Sabina paused for a long while, scowling and breathing deeply.  Ayden began to understand the dangers of mixing his two worlds, and the importance of the balance Freya was so keen on maintaining.  
"He was working on an especially dangerous project--one that involved mixing the vampire virus with different species.  He had everything from elves to trolls to fairies--even humans.  I can't believe I got caught up in that madness!" she said as the tears spilled over the rims of her eyes.  "I was helping him move some of the virus to a new storage compartment he had invented to make it last longer.  I don't know exactly what happened.  He moved wrong or stopped suddenly--I don't know.  The next thing I remember was waking up in his arms.  He was screaming, and that's when everything began to change.  
"To make a long story short, I was infected with the virus; the glass vials cut me, and the tainted blood got mixed up with mine.  I panicked and ran away.  The cravings started not long after that."  At this point, Sabina couldn't hold back her sobbing, but bravely continued her story between ragged, tear-filled breaths.
"I've felt so guilty, so dirty, so disgusting since then! I have to feed on animals' blood so that I won't attack people.  I crave real food, but it makes me sick.  That deer the other day--it really was injured.  But I didn't get its blood on me just from slitting its throat!" she said and buried her face in her hands.
Ayden had to swallow hard as stomach fluids involuntarily erupted up the back of his throat at the thought of Sabina gorging herself on the blood of innocent animals.  He let her cry into his shoulder until she was spent.  When they parted, he asked, "So now what?  Where are you traveling?"
Wiping the tears from her face, she answered, "I've been looking for Jared--the sorcerer.  When I finally got the courage to go back to his place, I found that he'd left.  I need to find him.  I heard he's searching for a powerful, magical tool.  If he gets it, he may become powerful enough to heal me."
"What about Nya? How does she fit into all of this?"
"Well, heh, I attacked her one night.  Turns out siren blood doesn't agree with vampires.  Anyway, she saved my life that night.  She sent her bird to find some small game and, well, you get the picture.  She's been traveling with me ever since."
A siren?  Nya was a siren!  Weren't sirens ones who Freya's books told of "eating of the flesh of men"?  Weren't they supposed to be seductive, vicious beings?  Ayden jerked his head and gazed at Nya.  She was crouched and gently stroking her bird's chest.  The bird's eyes were squinted with pure pleasure.  Funny, she didn't look like a seductive man-eater.
Ayden turned back to Sabina to find her staring at Pax.  "He has the same mark on his hand as Jared.  He's a sorcerer, just like Jared," she said, scowling.
"Whoa!  Let's get one thing straight.  Pax is NOT that kind of sorcerer!  He's a good friend and he uses his powers for good," Ayden said, quickly defending his friend.
"For now, maybe.  But the stronger he becomes, the more the power will go to his head," answered Sabina.
"He's not like that, Sabina," Ayden said softly but firmly.
"If you say so."
Trying to ignore the involuntary pang of worry in the pit of his stomach, Ayden turned again to Sabina and said, "We'll have to tell the others, you know.  They won't trust you if you keep hiding things from them."
"And you think they'll trust me if I tell them?" she answered, releasing a dark laugh.
"I guess we'll find out," Ayden said and he stood and extended his hand to help Sabina.  Volos and Da'ewyn were just returning from their rounds and Pax was busily putting food over a crackling blue fire.  Nya quietly came and walked beside Sabina as they approached the rest of the group.
Ayden purposefully cleared his throat, gaining everyone's attention.  When all eyes were focused on them, he spoke, "There's something we need to tell you."



Chapter Twenty-Two
Devel


Heaviness settled on Ayden's shoulders created by the invisible weight of fear and frustration.  As expected, Da'ewyn and Volos were none too pleased with the news that he and Sabina had relayed to them.  Not expected was the fact that both Da'ewyn and Volos already knew most of what was going on; but bringing the truth into the open had not improved their outlook on the situation.  
 "Do you really think a human would be able to detect these things and not a Veela?"  That was Da'ewyn's comment to him after laughing in a disturbing way.  She wasn't at all convinced that Nya was any sort of protection either. Ayden and the Veela had then fought with each other, using words and fists until they were separated by the others.
Volos remained silent about the whole thing.  But his scowl and tenseness were evidence of his continued unease.  Pax, who should have been the one to have figured all of this out (considering he'd been the one to tell Ayden all about vampires) had turned as pale as the moon when he'd found out that Sabina was a vampire.  He hadn't attempted to approach her since. 
Sabina had become angry with everyone's reactions, her eyes flashing red. "I knew this was a bad idea!" she'd said before stomping away to begin gathering her things.
A sense of foreboding enveloped Ayden.  His friends hated each other, and his mind kept wandering to Freya.  After all the fighting, Nyxia had appeared and left word that Freya was not improving.  Everything was about to fall apart and there was nothing he could do to stop it.
There was a strange feel in the air as they walked through an ever thickening forest, adding to Ayden's trepidation.  Volos had warned them that the trees here would become as thick as the trees in the Forgotten Forest had been sparse.  He'd felt comforted by the presence of trees before, but this forest seemed to close in on them in a suffocating way.  The pack horse seemed agitated, and Nya frequently sent her bird out to scout the area around them.  Ayden wasn't sure this was a good idea--that bird could be spotted quicker than giant diamond in an open field on a sunny day. 
As Ayden shook off the uneasiness that tickled his neck, the pouch of marbles that he'd taken from Pax tapped against his leg from inside his pocked.  He pulled them out and looked behind to where Pax was steadily leading the horse.  Ayden dropped back and walked next to his friend while the path was still wide enough to allow it.  "Hey. How are you doing?" he asked.
Pax glanced over at him and shrugged his shoulders.  Ayden cleared his throat and held out the pouch.  "Here.  I owe you an apology and a troll size thanks."
Pax carefully took the marbles with a questioning look.  Ayden relayed how the marbles had saved his and Sabina's lives the night before, as he'd failed to mention it earlier. "If it wouldn't have been for those marbles, one or both of us would be dead right now.  So, thank you, Pax.  I definitely owe you one."
Pax remained silent for a few paces.  Then, he looked at Ayden and said, "Thayse m-marbles were m-my m-mum's.  I-I keep th-tham for g-good luck."  His eyes glistened as he turned away and made a performance out of tying the pouch to his belt.  He took a deep breath and lifted his head and, staring ahead of them said, "Sh-she's b-beautiful."
"Your mom?"
"N-No.  Sabina."
Ayden smiled. "Yeah, she is pretty."  Then under his breath, "Pretty and deadly!"  His heart felt a tug as he looked at the form of Sabina walking ahead of them.
"D-Do ya s-still love her?"
Ayden hadn't expected this question from Pax.  It had been humorous when Da'ewyn had asked, but Pax questioning him on his feelings for Sabina agitated him. Truth was, he wasn't sure how he felt about her; but he wasn't sure he was ready for anyone else to have feelings for her either.  He had hoped revealing her secret would sway Pax's interest in Sabina.  Although, he needn't be too worried--because Pax was a sorcerer, Sabina didn't seem to want anything to do with him.
"I don't know, Pax.  Why are you asking me?  I thought you were terrified of her."
"I-I am."  A smile crept across Pax's face.  "B-But sh-she's also fascinating, and b-beautiful!"
"Yes, you said that already."  Ayden was uncomfortable with the conversation.  The day was tense enough without having to talk with his best friend about his feelings toward his ex-girlfriend.
Nya's bird made a grand entrance through the tops of the trees, sending out a beautiful, lilting call as it landed gracefully on its master's arm.  The sound rippled over Ayden like a gentle rain.  Nya stroked its chest and the bird made several more beautifully entrancing sounds, causing Ayden to relax.  He half smiled to himself as he watched Nya with her pet.  The girl was very plain next to her feathered friend, but there was something about her that caused Ayden's nerves to melt into a pool of calm contentment.  
Nya stopped dead in her tracks, causing Sabina to collide into her back.  The siren looked around tentatively.  Ayden was about to ask what was up when the horse suddenly balked.  Ayden had to help Pax as the horse reared, shaking its head and snorting, the whites of its eyes revealing terror.  Pax quickly led the horse away in attempt to calm her.  
The rest of the group stood and held their breath.  Every ear listened intently, and every eye searched diligently for any signs of danger.  A noise sounded on the path behind them.  Ayden made eye contact with everyone, giving a signal.  Their bodies melted silently into the trees as they drew their weapons and waited.
A silver arrow shot past Ayden's hiding spot.  A yell and a thud followed and everyone leapt from the trees to surround their prey.  The thin, pale creature that had attempted to steal the horse at the games was pinned against a tree by Da'ewyn's arrow.  This time, however, she shot a second arrow before the thing could vanish, pinning his other shoulder to the bark.
Everyone approached cautiously, weapons raised and ready.  The man wriggled, and a few tendrils of black smoke curled around his body.  "Petrifia!"  They all jumped as Pax appeared from nowhere, shouting the curse.  The smoky figure became rigid as the black swirls vanished.
 "When did you learn that one?"  Ayden questioned.  He turned to look at Pax for a response, but his friend's eyes were fixed on the figure with a creepy, glossy stare; a devilish grin crossed his lips.
Ayden shivered before turning back to the man.  "Can you still talk?"  
Even though his body remained rigid, he managed to nod.
Volos touched the tip of his sword against the man's throat and asked, "What is your business?  Why are you following us?"
The man smiled as his form softened, a few tendrils of smoke curled out from his form.  "Your boy is losing his grip!" he said in a nasally voice.
Ayden jerked his head toward Pax.  "Don't you let him go!  We need answers.  Hold on!" he shouted and then turned back to the figure.  "Tell us what we want to know, NOW!"
The figure merely smirked and was, once again, gone in a wisp of black smoke.
Stress induced anger filled Ayden as he turned on Pax and yelled, "You did the spell with no problem, but you couldn't hold on to him for two more minutes?"
Pax's strangely pale face turned toward Ayden.  He staggered and then leaned against a tree.  Ayden knew that, once again, he needed to apologize; but his temper was still hot, and saying sorry was not what he felt like doing.  He turned away after watching Volos help Pax drink greedily from his water skin.
"We should've killed that thing at the games when we had a chance!" Da'ewyn said.
"He was at the games?  Why didn't you tell me?"  Sabina shouted.  "He's been following all this time--if I had known!"
"What are you talking about?  Who is he?" Ayden questioned, shocked at Sabina's reaction.
"He's one of Jared's servants.  If Devel is here, Jared can't be too far away."
"Devel? What kinda??" Ayden began to ask, but Sabina interrupted him.
"Look, his name isn't important!  Don't you understand?  Jared is close by!  I HAVE to find him!"  Sabina's voice carried desperation.
"It seems to me that you are becoming a lot more trouble than you're worth, vampire," Da'ewyn said as she sauntered up to Sabina and stood four inches in front of her face.  Sabina towered above the Veela, but the princess was not intimidated.  "You're bringing unwanted and unneeded trouble to this expedition.  Take your things and your little siren friend and go find your precious sorcerer elsewhere!"
Ayden's heart jumped unpleasantly in his chest as Sabina's eyes flashed.  "I would highly suggest you back away from me, little princess!  My fight isn't with you.  But if you continue to tempt me, I will draw first blood-and I will enjoy it."
Da'ewyn tilted her head back and laughed heartily.  "You are no match for me!  I wouldn't even waste my time," she hissed and then turned away.  
Sabina screamed and jumped at Da'ewyn, digging her nails into the princess' neck and shoulders.  The Veela screamed in rage and grabbed Sabina's arms and flipped her over her head.  The vampiress landed gracefully on her feet like a well-trained acrobat.  She glared unblinkingly at the Veela.
Da'ewyn was distracted for a fraction of a second.  Then, her lips curled as she carefully strung an arrow.  "Don't worry.  This will only hurt for a second--or maybe longer.  I've never shot a silver arrow through the heart of a vampire before; it'll be interesting to see how you react to it.  This should earn me a nice size crystal."



Chapter Twenty-Three
Fog Guide


Ayden yelled as the Veela's arrow streaked toward Sabina.  He shouldn't have worried, however, as the vampiress' quicker-than-lightening reflexes allowed her to catch the arrow before it could imbed itself into her chest.  
Da'ewyn quickly shot a second arrow, but this time, Ayden was ready.  He flung Phantom and knocked the weapon from the air.  "STOP IT!  Killing each other will solve nothing.  Get away from each other!"  Ayden yelled.  When neither of them made a move, he huffily pushed them to opposite ends of the path where they stood.  Then, he paced back and forth between the two as they glared at each other, trying to think of what to do.
"Ayden is right.  Fighting with each other will not help any of us.  We need to calm down and focus on the path ahead," Volos' deep voice penetrated Ayden's mind.  He turned and looked at his large companion, thankful for his presence.
"What are we supposed to do, Volos?" he asked, suddenly feeling drained.
"Just like I said.  Focus on the path ahead.  One step at a time."
The next several hours were long and silent.  Ayden had instructed Sabina and Nya to stay at the rear of the party and he placed Da'ewyn at the front.  He knew she wouldn't stay there, though.  Sure enough, as soon as they were under way, Da'ewyn vanished into the trees.  He had then put himself behind Sabina and Nya to keep an eye on them, and an eye out for Da'ewyn.  He couldn't believe that she had almost killed Sabina.  Was she really that jealous, or was she feeling the tension in the thickening trees as strongly as he was?
The fact that an evil sorcerer was lurking somewhere nearby didn't help to ease Ayden's mind or nerves.  Why didn't he just show himself and get it over with?  That question dominated his thoughts for the rest of the day.  And, that night, he presented the question to Sabina.
"He's waiting until he knows our strengths and weaknesses.  That's why he sent Devel.  He likes to know exactly what he's up against.  Or, it could be that Devel was hungry.  He has a fetish for horse meat," Sabina answered.
"Or maybe he's waiting for us to lead him straight to what we're looking for so he can snatch it for himself," Da'ewyn sneered as she walked by.
Sabina glared after her before turning to Ayden.  "What are you looking for?"
Ayden could've killed the Veela on the spot.  He scowled and answered, "Nothing you need to worry about, Sabina."
Sabina scowled back.  "I've told you everything about me and what I'm doing here.  I've trusted you with my darkest secrets.  The least you could do is trust me with yours."
Ayden looked up and saw Volos staring over at them.  He shook his head slightly, letting Ayden know he was not to tell the vampiress anything.
"Look, Sabina," he said quietly turning again to face her, "Please try to trust me.  I can't tell you what we're doing here.  The more people who know, the more danger there is, especially since we're being followed. I'd like to know how he found us in the first place."
Sabina scowled deeper, but made no further efforts to speak.  Instead, she rose and disappeared into the shadows of the trees.  
Ayden ran his fingers through his hair.  It was getting too long and felt thick and heavy.  He scratched irritably at the stubble that covered his jaw as he thought.  He probably shouldn't have let Sabina go off alone, but he doubted he could've stopped her had he tried.  
Ayden looked over to where Pax was leaning against a tree, reading.  The bluish pinpoint of light reflected off of his glasses, hiding his eyes.  The young sorcerer looked up momentarily as if he knew he was being watched.  Pax scowled and then lifted the book high enough to hide his face.  Ayden knew he should try to make amends; maybe he'd wait until tomorrow after Pax had had a chance to cool down.
He watched Da'ewyn polish her bow for a while, thinking he should try to talk to her about what happened earlier.  But she seemed rigid; Ayden didn't feel like bothering her just then.
Nya was feeding her bird and seemed completely absorbed in the task.  The bird cooed and rubbed against her fingers as it pecked seed from the siren's hand.  Ayden would have to ask her later if the bird was male or female and if it had a name, but not tonight.  
Finally, his eyes rested on Volos.  His enormous form was stretched out over the leaf-infested ground with his hands resting behind his head.  Ayden felt a pang of home-sickness.  What happened to the days when he and Volos had fun sparring near the waterfall and playing practical jokes on each other?  They seemed like such long ago memories.  Somehow, his reality had become distant bits of fading dreams, and his dreams had become an overbearing, unpleasant reality.
Fatigue crept into Ayden's body and the stress of the day took its toll.  He turned away from the others; he didn't want them to see the unwelcome tears that involuntarily streamed down his cheeks.  He crossed his arms over his curled up knees and lowered his head, trying to remember what Freya had told him to think about during meditation.  "When it seems as if everything in the world is against you, remember this:  You always have the love and support of your family, the love of your friends, your training, and your gifts.  You are never alone."
Then why did he feel so alone?  He took a few deep breaths and repeated Freya's words in his mind.  They did help some, but his uneasiness refused to be thwarted.  
The rest of the night was restless as Ayden tossed and turned.  The few minutes of sleep he did get were plagued with nightmares.  At long last, the sun began to rise.  Ayden had never been so glad and so disappointed at the same time--glad the night was over and disappointed that he didn't have more time to try to catch some sleep.
A white, heavy fog clung to the morning.  Ayden and Volos quickly checked the map on Pax's back to determine the day's travel plan.  Pax still wasn't speaking, and Ayden was too tired and too eager to be under way to attempt to mend the rift between them.  The fog and thick trees felt oppressive; he wanted to get away from them as soon as possible.  
Studying the map, Ayden noticed a small trail that broke away from their path not far from where they stood; it ran through a small open area and then connected to their original path.  "Look.  If we take this little jog through here, we could save at least a day's traveling.  It's a nice little short-cut," he said to Volos. 
Volos studied the short cut for several minutes.  Then he shook his head.  "I think we'd better stay on the main path.  That area could be trouble."
"I don't think it'll be a-" Ayden began, but the sound of buzzing wings interrupted him and Pax hastily hid the map.
Nyxia appeared again through the fog.  She landed on Volos' outstretched hand and relayed her message.  With her whistling voice she said, "Freya has taken a turn for the worse.  Nienna doesn't know what else to do for her and urges you to make haste."  
Ayden's heart thumped against his chest.  He turned to Volos, "You see?  We need to take that path. We can't lose a second!"
A worried crease had formed between Volos' brows.  He gave Nyxia a small bit of gold as payment for her message, but she didn't leave right away.  Instead, she looked at Ayden and said, "The fog is thick, but I think I know the path you speak of well.  I could lead you straight to it to save time looking."
Ayden looked to Volos with pleading eyes.  "What can it hurt?  The fog will hide us.  I don't think it'll be lifting any time soon."
Volos' shoulders slumped slightly and Ayden knew he'd won his case.  "Alright.  But we need to be extra wary.  The fog will hide us, but it will also hide everything else.  There are those who use the fog as their ally.  Our ears will have to be our main guides today."
After everyone had gathered their belongings, they made a single-file line and followed the pixie to the short cut.  It didn't take long before Nyxia signaled that they had reached the smaller path.  She turned and fluttered along, leading them through ever thinning trees until they were plainly in an open area.  The fog was no thinner here, but everyone seemed to breathe easier as the trees no longer offered added oppression.  
Ayden was in the lead, focusing on Nyxia's fluttering form.  She flew faster and faster, and he was having trouble keeping up.  In her whistling language, he shouted, "Slow down, Nyxia!"  But before he could blink, the pixie was swallowed in the blanket of thick, white fog.  
Oh, well, Ayden thought.  They were on the right path now and would soon be across the open area.  He was feeling good about noticing this short cut on the map.  With any luck, they'd be at the hiding place of the Sword of Songs very soon.  "Luck does not exist.  It is only an excuse man uses to try to explain why bad things happen, and to not give proper credit where it is due when good things happen!"  Freya's ever-present voice sounded in Ayden's mind.
  But this is different.  We need luck to get help for you faster!  Ayden argued.  
"Ayden, are you sure you know where you're going?"  Sabina's voice, muffled by the fog, trailed to Ayden.  He'd been so lost in his thoughts that he hadn't actually been paying attention to where he was going.  The ground beneath his feet had turned from a smooth dirt path to crunchy, dry grass.  He stopped and tried to look around.  Nothing but white fog met is eyes.  Not ready to admit that he'd screwed up, Ayden yelled over his shoulder, "This way.  I think we're almost through."
They still hadn't found their way through the dead valley in what seemed an hour later.  Volos spoke up, "We need to stop and rest for a moment.  I think we're going in circles."
"You don't know that.  We may be just two paces from the path," Ayden grumbled.
"We should've been through here long ago," Volos replied and Ayden knew he was right.
Frustrated, Ayden said, "I should've listened to you.  We're taking even longer than if we would've stayed on main path to begin with.  We'll never get there in time to save Freya."
"Don't dwell on what's past or what might happen.  This is the choice we made and this is where we are now.  Let's try to focus on what we can do now to get us through," Volos spoke more softly than Ayden felt he deserved.
"We need someone who can see through this muck. What about you?" Da'ewyn said, wrinkling her nose at Sabina.
"What about me?" Sabina glared back.
"Can't vampires see through stuff like this?  You should be able to get us through without a problem."
Sabina shook with ripples of controlled rage.  "I can see in the dark, you twit, not through cotton-thick fog."
Ayden turned to Nya.  "What about your bird? Can it fly above this fog and tell you where we are?"
Nya turned her body to show Ayden the bird fast asleep under her arm.  In strained English, she said, "Thee fog, eet make Endia to sleep."
"Wonderful," Da'ewyn mumbled beneath her breath.
"We won't be able to do anything until this fog li-" Da'ewyn began.  She nocked an arrow and readied her bow.  Ayden and the others turned toward where the Veela fixed her gaze.  Tendrils of fog were curling around each other unnaturally before them.  The hairs on Ayden's neck prickled as his thoughts went to the hag that had attacked them at the inn.  But hags wouldn't be able to appear in daylight, would they?
As they all stood and watched, the tendrils of fog swirled and danced with each other until they converged and took on the form of a very large, silvery wolf.  The apparition stood immobile, staring calmly at them with glowing eyes.  No one moved a muscle, and the air was deathly quiet.  They all waited tensely, uncertain of what to expect.  
It's gaze bore into Ayden's eyes. The wolf's bright blue eyes reminded him of something, but he couldn't think of what. Strangely, he felt more relaxed.  "I think it's trying to help us.  C'mon!"  he motioned for all to follow.
"Are you sure?" Da'ewyn asked, but Ayden had already begun to follow the specter as it turned and walked slowly ahead of them.
Once again forming a single file line with Ayden in the lead, the group followed the trail of the trotting animals.  "Keep close; we don't want to lose anyone in this fog," Ayden yelled as he trotted after the wolf. 
They trudged through the fog like they were in a never-ending dream.  Ayden had to concentrate as it was hard to make any distinction between the wolf and the mist around it.  The labored breathing of his companions reached Ayden's ears.  His own limbs were growing tired and he wondered if they would be stopping soon.
Just as Ayden was beginning to think that following the ghostly animal had been another bad idea, they came to the edge of a forest.  The fog was thinning and streams of sunlight pierced through the mist.  The wolf was once again more visible and stood on a clear, straight path.  
Ayden stopped and leaned against his knees as he caught his breath.  When everyone had reached the path, Ayden finally took a good look at their bearings.  "This is our path!  It's led us back to where we started!" he stated with surprise and excitement.  All eyes turned to the wolf.  "I don't know how to thank you," Ayden said to it, half expecting it to speak back.  The apparition merely looked at him with a knowing gaze.  Then, the mist swirled around it once again as the form of the wolf slowly disappeared until all that remained were its glowing blue eyes.  An eerie howl echoed through the trees and the apparition was gone.
"Th-that w-was c-creepy," Pax said in a whisper.
"It was a little.  But we're back on the right track now," Ayden said with a smile as a new sense of energy welled inside of him.



Chapter Twenty Four
Wild Ride


Nearly an entire day had been wasted because of Ayden's mistake.  By the time they reached the area where the shortcut emerged from open field, the sun had nearly set.  Ayden looked to his companions.  No one spoke as all were exhausted from running all day.  The horse carrying their supplies had finally had enough; it had bolted in the fog and had not returned to them. They would have to do some hunting yet if they wanted supper.  
Nya approached and, in her own tongue, asked, "Would you like me to send Endia to hunt?  She is well rested."
The bird cooed as its bright eyes focused on Ayden.  So it's a female and its name is Endia.  He nodded wearily and Nya released her bird into the air.  As Endia reached a certain height, she vanished.  Startled, Ayden looked at Nya.
"She becomes invisible when she gets high enough.  You were worried she might be spotted?" Nya asked with a crooked smile.
Ayden smiled back and said, "Well, yes, I was.  I mean, that's not exactly a common looking bird.  In fact, I thought she was the reason Devel had found us."
"Devel found us because Sabina wanted him to find us.  She may not realize this, but it is so.  She is so desperate to be cured that she unwittingly willed him to us."
Ayden was surprised at Nya's accusation.  "Do you really believe that?" he asked.  If that was the case, maybe Sabina really was too much of a danger to have on this mission.
"I do.  But I do not hold that against Sabina.  She cannot, at this time, help herself.  She is not ready to face her destiny, or to accept it," Da'ewyn answered.  "The most I can do is be there for her and help her when she allows me to help her."
Ayden looked into Nya's gentle eyes.  His fatigue was playing with his emotions.  He resisted the urge to reach out and take Nya's hand, longing for the comfort that accompanies touch.  Instead, he cast his eyes to the ground.  "If it weren't for me, she wouldn't be this way.  I wish I could help her more."
"You have helped her.  She may have resisted coming along with you on this journey, but she has found comfort in knowing that you are near--and so have I.  You are a great defender.  I have faith in you," Nya smiled and turned away.  What was it about her that was so familiar and comforting?
After Ayden had put some food in his belly, he rested by a small but warm fire.  He watched as Sabina and Da'ewyn passed each other and nodded in a civil fashion.  He wasn't sure why or how they'd suddenly become on more friendly terms, but he wasn't about to complain.
Volos and Ayden tried to decide who should take first watch for the night.  Everyone was exhausted and first watch would be torture.  "Endia can do eet," Nya said in her strained English.  Then in her own tongue, she explained, "She will not need sleep for many, many hours after her sleep in the fog."  
Sabina translated to the others what Nya had said.  No one argued.  Nya stroked Endia's chest and the bird sang a lilting lullaby.  As Ayden drifted away, he could almost swear he heard words coming from the bird's music.  But his half-asleep mind must've already begun to dream--birds couldn't speak words.
Ayden woke just before dawn.  He sat up and looked around to make sure all was well.  Volos was sitting off by himself, gazing at the fading stars.  
Walking over to him, Ayden sat and turned his attention to the spot in the sky upon which Volos seemed focused.  The starts were winking down at them, as if blinking tiredly, ready to sleep for the day.
"I was thinking about Nyxia," Volos said quietly.
"You think she's okay?  We kind of lost her in that fog," Ayden replied.
"That's what's bothering me, but for other reasons."  Volos lowered his head and stared at his hands. 
Ayden studied him for a moment.  "You think she left us there on purpose?" Volos nodded. "But, haven't you known Nyxia for years?  Why would she betray you?" he asked.
Volos sighed sadly. "Degus is a great manipulator.  If she did get to Nyxia, she probably made whatever she offered seem much more appealing than what we had to offer.  You have to remember, pixies are a bit on the selfish, vain side; if Degus offered her greater wealth and beauty, Nyxia wouldn't resist."
Ayden's heart sank.  He wondered if Nyxia had been in the cave at the laughing hill; and she'd probably seen the map on Pax's back before they took the shortcut into the fog.  She knew everything, which meant Degus knew everything.
Volos spoke again, "But we can't just assume that Nyxia is a spy.  We have to give her a chance to explain herself next time we see her."  Ayden wasn't convinced, but he wasn't going to disagree with Volos, either.
"But," he went on, "If Degus has been spying on us, and knows our every move, why hasn't she attacked? What is she waiting for?"
"If she knows anything, maybe she's waiting for us to lead her to the sword."
Ayden's stomach knotted.  Volos could be right.
The sun peaked through the trunks of the trees as it rose above the horizon.  The others had risen and were beginning their day. Ayden felt suddenly reckless and desperate.  He had to get to that sword before Degus did.  If she got to it first, there would be no hope for Shae Vale, or for Freya.
"Volos, since Degus knows everything already, why can't we wend? We could be there in an instant and be done with this whole mess," Ayden urged.
"We don't know for certain that she knows everything, and it's too risky wending if you haven't trained for it.  You could end up in completely the wrong place," Volos answered calmly.
"I have to get there faster than by walking!" Ayden shouted as he stood. The others stopped their activity and looked at him warily.  He couldn't stop his heightened sense of urgency.  Walking or even running was suddenly unacceptable to him.
The sound of whispering diverted Ayden's attention to the pathway.  A shower of delicate, pale pink 'fool's snow'--blossoms from a twisted, white tree--unveiled with striking contrast the most beautiful black horse Ayden's eyes had ever touched.  Its silky mane and tail nearly trailed to the ground; and its body, with a coat that shone so smooth, it almost looked purple, fit smoothly over well- defined muscles. Feathered fetlocks cascaded over polished hooves, giving the impression of speed and finesse
The others turned to see why Ayden was gawking.  The horse was a majestic statue standing immobile, waiting.  
Ayden was barely aware of  moving forward in a trance-like way as strange whispers urged him toward the animal.  He forgot Volos and the others as he walked toward the beautiful animal. The creature's gracefully curved neck held its sculpted head at attention. Delicate ears pointed forward, nearly touching at the tips, and soft brown eyes stared into Ayden's.
"Don't even think about it, Ayden.  That's no horse!" Volos' voice seemed distant and meaningless.  
"Whatever.  Look, it's as gentle as a kitten," Ayden said absently as he reached out and stroked the horse's silky muzzle.  "I could ride him; he looks fast.  And I wouldn't even have to leave the path," Ayden continued without looking back to his companions.  The strange whispering grew louder, convincing him that riding the horse was the only way to reach his destination in time. 
"I might even get there by tonight," he said, and before anyone could stop him, he leapt onto the horse's back.  He didn't need to listen to Volos.  He didn't need to listen to anyone.  He knew exactly what he was doing--he was saving Freya's life.  "I'll meet you there, and I'll have the sword!" he yelled confidently before the horse reared and spun around.  
Ayden grasped the horse's main and squeezed with his knees.  His heart leapt as the horse took off full speed down the path.  He could hear his companions screaming behind him, but their voices were soon swallowed in the sound of the rushing wind.  
Faster and faster the horse ran.  Ayden's eyes blurred and tears streamed from them as the long mane whipped his face.  He tightened his grip as his body slipped back from the intense wind caused by the horse's astonishing speed. 
Suddenly, the steed turned off-course, away from the path.  "No!" Ayden yelled, but he had no control whatsoever as the horse sped through the trees.  Branches sliced through the flesh on Ayden's face and hands and grabbed at his clothes, shredding the fabric.  The horse turned its head ever so slightly, enough for Ayden to see that its eyes had turned from soft brown to blood red.
He didn't have time to ponder his newest and greatest mistake as the kelpie (for he knew now that was what he rode) sped toward a small lake.  It's going to drown me! Ayden thought frantically, remembering Freya's stories of riders lost to the water after riding astride the demon horse.  He had no choice.  He'd have to jump.  But at this speed, would he survive?
The ground was swallowed in the kelpie's lightning fast strides and the water grew closer with every beat of its fiery hooves.  It's now or never!  Ayden threw himself off the beast with a terrified yell.  The world spun as his body bounced and flipped across the ground toward the water.  He could hear his bones snapping and feel blood vessels burst as flesh and muscles smashed against rock and earth.  He landed, still at high speed, atop a jagged limb of a broken tree.  Ayden screamed in pain and horror as the sharpened points of the limb stabbed through his right shoulder and held him fast.
Ayden didn't dare move; he was afraid his neck might be broken.  In any case, the limb protruding from his shoulder would have restricted any movement.  His head swam as he took in short, painful breaths.  From the corner of his eye, he saw an intimidating black form moving toward him.  Ayden's eyes widened as he turned them toward the kelpie.  Its eyes and nostrils showed bright red against its jet-black face as it walked purposefully toward him.  Its ears were flattened against its head, and curled back lips revealed unnaturally sharpened teeth.  The demon horse had been denied its prey and would not rest until Ayden was dead! 
The kelpie reared over Ayden's broken body; he braced himself for the impact of deadly hooves.  He couldn't tear his eyes away from the looming form of the kelpie as it descended on him.  Those blood red eyes would be the last thing he'd see. 
Without warning a second large, black figure appeared and slammed into the kelpie, knocking it away from Ayden.  From the corner of his eye, Ayden could see the kelpie struggle to regain its balance; then, the blurred forms of the two black figures rose against each other as they screamed in rage.  Ayden could feel himself fading, but he wanted to know what had just saved his life.  Could it be another kelpie?  Was there such a thing as a good kelpie?  
The two figures reared and struck at each other with sharpened hooves time and again.  The newer figure seemed to be gaining dominance from what Ayden could see.  But then again, he couldn't see very clearly.  Thank you, whatever you are. That was his last conscious thought before he dove into a black abyss.



Chapter Twenty-Five
The Black Unicorn


A soft warmth touched Ayden's cheek as he began to wake.  At first, he thought he was back at Freya's in his bed; he imagined the warm summer breeze whispering through his window and caressing his face.  But as he regained consciousness, he remembered what had happened.  He lay perfectly still, thinking he was still skewered on the broken limb.  But as his eyes focused, he found that he was resting on a soft cushion of heather.  
"You may move your head, lad.  Your neck is not broken.  And now that you are awake I will heal your wounds, if you will permit it." The voice was deep, gentle, and soothing.  Ayden turned his head toward it and almost yelled in amazement.  Beside him stood none other than the prince of unicorns.  
It wasn't just the fact that Palmaero was speaking, but also his magnificence that struck Ayden with complete awe.  Palmaero's head was near enough for his breath to caress Ayden's cheek.  
Ayden had never seen such clear eyes.  And, as beautiful as the kelpie had been before it had tried to kill him, it didn't hold a candle to the magnificence of the unicorn stallion.  When Ayden remained speechless, Palmaero asked again, "Will you permit me to heal your wounds?"
Ayden blinked as if coming out of a trance and answered, "Oh, yeah. Please."  The unicorn lowered his head until the tip of his ebony horn touched Ayden's shoulder.  The horn was so polished that Ayden could see his image reflected in it; his face was covered with small cuts and bruises and his hair was ruffled and tangled with leaves and twigs. I've seen better days! 
"Be still, Lad. Let me to my work," the unicorn said as if he'd read Ayden's thoughts.  As Palmaero's horn touched Ayden's flesh, pain shot through his shoulder, causing him to yell.  Then, as the pain subsided, a mild burning sensation washed through him from his head down through his toes.  He could feel his flesh tightening around his wounds as they healed, and bones crackled as they rejoined where they had been broken.  It was a very peculiar, uncomfortable feeling.
Finally, the unicorn raised his head and stepped back.  "I am sorry for the pain, but it was necessary for the healing."
Ayden raised the opposite arm and felt with trembling fingers where the large open wound had been in his shoulder.  A small lump of flesh was the only sign that anything had been amiss.  "I have not healed it completely.  A scar remains to help you remember."
"Forgive me, but remember what?" Ayden asked cautiously. He'd just as soon forget the terrifying ride he'd just survived.
The unicorn looked into Ayden's eyes intently.  He suddenly felt very small. "More than once, you have acted rashly and have caused great trials for you and your friends.  Do you still not understand what it is you should have learned from this?"
Ayden thought for a long while. Something pushed his mind back to all the times he'd made mistakes;  he'd been told not to bring Isabella into Shae Vale, but had done it anyway, causing her to become cursed; Skeezicks by the river--Volos had been trying to yell instructions to him, but he'd been so involved with his own ideas that he hadn't listened;  Da'ewyn had warned him not to stay at the village after they'd found the stone, but he'd wanted comfort and had done what he wanted, and had faced a hag as a result; Volos had tried to warn him about the valley and about the kelpie, but he'd been in such a hurry to reach their destination that he'd ignored the advice offered.  All of his trials had been caused by his own reckless mistakes.
He knew now what his lesson was, and he felt ashamed and irritated with himself.  "I've been a jack a-" he began to say, then suddenly felt his face flush at Palmaero's stern gaze.  "Uh, I mean, I haven't been listening very well.  My friends have been trying to help, even before today.  But I was too busy doing things my own way.  I've caused a lot of trouble."
It was at that moment that Ayden learned something else--unicorns could smile.  "At last you understand.  Now rise and drink."
Very slowly, Ayden lifted himself from the ground and dipped his fingers into the water.  His muscles ached and the few scars left from the cuts on his body pulled against his skin.  "How did you get me off of the limb?" he asked after he'd taken several deep drinks.
"I have many helpers," Palmaero said and gazed to the trees beside them.  Ayden turned just in time as several small girls with wavy hair and flowery dresses giggled before they ducked behind the tree trunks.  But his attention was averted as his eyes rested on what had to be Palmaero's bride, Aclippa.  Her coat was as white as Palmaero's was black and was nearly blinding in the sunlight.  Her horn was more beautiful than the purest pearl, and her mane flowed over her shoulder like a royal cloak.  As she swished her tail, it sparkled against the sun as if imbedded with crystals.  She was breathtaking.  Ayden was shocked when she bowed her graceful head to him in greeting.  
Ayden bowed low in return, feeling as if he was unworthy to be in the presence of the two most beautiful and noble creatures in the world.  But he experienced an even greater shock when Palmaero asked, "Are you ready to face the kelpie?"
Ayden just stared at him.
"If you do not face him now, he will haunt you for the remainder of your days.  A kelpie never rests until it fulfills its purpose."
"You mean I have to kill him? I thought you'd already done that."
"No, Lad. I have only trapped him.  I will release him, if you are ready.  I suggest you make haste.  Your friends will need your assistance very soon."
Ayden gave up trying to make sense of anything at this point.  He drew his sword, gulped, and nodded to Palmaero.  The stallion pranced to the edge of the lake and touched the water with his horn.  Immediately and violently, the kelpie shot up with a surge of water, his eyes and nostrils flaming.  Way to tick off a demon horse, Ayden!
"Ready, Lad!" Palmaero shouted.  Ayden kept his eyes on the kelpie.  It stood there, shaking with rage as steam rose from its heated body.  
It charged.  Ayden leapt out of the way without getting a shot at the thing.  He did a summersault and jumped back to his feet.  The kelpie had spun around with supernatural swiftness and was rearing over him.  Ayden swung his sword around in defense.  Sparks dazzled the air as the blade lanced off flinted hooves.
The kelpie struck the ground and snaked its neck forward.  Ayden screamed as sharp teeth sank into his thigh.  The pain ignited rage.  His scream turned into an angry growl as he swung his blade, slicing the kelpie's neck.  The demon horse screamed and reared, towering over Ayden.  Bad move, demon! He thrust his sword upward into the kelpie's black heart and then dove out of the way.  
Turning back, he watched with morbid fascination as the kelpie screamed and strained its bleeding neck, attempting to reach the blade imbedded in its chest.  It gave out one last enraged screech and then exploded.  Ayden's sword flung through the air and stuck into the ground a foot in front of him, its handle and blade sizzling.
Ayden sat in shock as stomach churned unpleasantly.  He was vaguely aware of Palmaero touching his thigh with his horn.  The unicorn's voice finally brought him to his senses.  "Well done, Ayden Greenwillow," he said, speaking Ayden's name for the first time.  But, Greenwillow? They watched for a moment as bits of the kelpie sizzled and vanished into the ground.
Then came Ayden's next surprise.  "Now, get onto my back, Lad.  Your friends are in need of your assistance, and time is of the essence."
Ayden looked at him incredulously.  "But, you're the prince of the unicorns.  You would allow me on your back?"
"I am what you say, but that does not make me any greater than any other creature in this world.  Please, we must go."
"First, I need to thank you and Aclippa and your helpers.  What can I ever do to repay you?" Ayden questioned. 
"Remember what you have learned--be slow to act and swift to listen.  That is all the thanks that we require at this time.  Now, let us be going."
Ayden retrieved his sword and walked shakily to the unicorn.  Palmaero knelt down so that Ayden could easily mount.  Tentatively, he grabbed Palmaero's mane; it felt like pure silk as it caressed his fingers.  He pressed his legs against the unicorn's warm sides and readied himself for another fast ride.  He didn't have to hold on too tightly, however, as Palmaero's stride, though just as fast as the kelpie's had been, was as smooth and fluid as if he were riding on air.  Joy like he'd never felt in his life leapt into Ayden's heart as Palmaero raced through the forest toward the path where Ayden belonged. 



Chapter Twenty Six
Cat's Tongue


The trees seemed to bow and step aside for the unicorn prince as he raced through the forest.  Ayden leaned close to Palmaero's neck.  Shouting into the wind he asked, "How do you know my name and my language?  And how do you know that my friends need my help?"
"I know many languages and many things.  But that is all I will tell you for now.  Hold on!"  Ayden had thought they were going fast before, but the stallion had a sudden spurt of energy and increased his speed.  They were now traveling much faster than the kelpie had done.  Ayden had to close his eyes to keep the wind from drying them out.
It was disappointing when Palmaero slowed his pace.  The ride had been magical and exhilarating. The unicorn came to a smooth stop, and Ayden slid easily from his back.  "You will find your friends beyond the bend in the path ahead.  They were looking for you when they came to an abrupt--end."
"End?  What do you mean?"
"I only mean to alert you to their need for your assistance.  Now hurry.  Time has nearly run itself out."  Palmaero gave Ayden one last gaze.  "You have learned much.  May peace be your companion, Ayden," he said.
"Aren't you coming with me?" Ayden asked, suddenly not wanting to be parted from the unicorn's presence.
"Unfortunately, I cannot.  There is one among your friends who is not ready to face me.  When that one is ready, I will appear to you again."  Palmaero turned away from Ayden and, in a wisp of air, was gone into the trees.
Ayden ran up the path and around the corner where Palmaero had instructed him to go.  Even though the stallion had hinted at what was waiting there, he was unprepared for what greeted his vision.  
Hanging from a steep cliff by the frail roots of a tree was Volos; and hanging on Volos were Pax and Nya.  Sabina and Da'ewyn clung to Volos' hands, desperately trying to keep their friends from falling.  Ayden could see how they could have made this mistake; the trees ended so abruptly that they would've had no warning before reaching the cliff.  And, if they'd been running after him?
As if that weren't enough to make Ayden's toes curl, his dangling companions kicked frantically at an animated plant that reached hungrily at their feet.  Small red leaves, rough like sandpaper, stretched toward Nya who was clinging for dear life to Volos' leg.  Cat's tongue!  Ayden knew from his lessons that, though these plants were rare, their leaves were small and rough like the tongue of a cat.  Only the roughness of these tongues could rip the flesh off a grown man in a matter of seconds.  The entire area below his companions was covered with the creeping plant.
Sabina was the first to spot Ayden, her eyes mixed with relief and anxiety.  "Ayden!  Thank goodness!"  She nearly let go of Volos' large hand at seeing him.  "Help!  We can't hold on!" She screeched as Volos' hand began to slip from her grasp.
Coming out of his state of shock, Ayden grabbed his rope and quickly tied one end to a sturdy tree and the other end around his waist.  After testing the rope, he ran to the edge of the cliff and joined Da'ewyn in grasping Volos' right hand.
Pax had a death grip on Volos' left shoulder; his eyes were wide and full of terror.  "Pax, very slowly and carefully climb up Volos' body and take Sabina's hand," Ayden instructed.  Then turning to Sabina, he added, "Sabina, you'll have to let go of Volos' hand and help Pax." 
Sabina nodded and Ayden shifted positions to take her place.  Pax hadn't moved.  "Pax, you have to move now or you'll all fall," Ayden stated firmly. The tongues wiggled menacingly below them.
Pax looked up to where Sabina was reaching toward him.  She looked intently at him.  "You can do this, Pax.  Just reach," she said as calmly as she could.  Slowly, Pax moved toward Sabina.  Volos grunted as Pax's foot dug into his ribs.  
"Come on!  Get up there!" Volos growled between gritted teeth.
Ayden held his breath as he waited for Pax to meander his way up Volos' side.  "No worries.  Take your time," he said sarcastically.  Pax scowled at him and, with a sudden burst of bravery, reached up and grasped Sabina's hand tightly.  But his new found energy was a little too much and, instead of Sabina pulling him upward, he began to pull her down.
Sabina screamed as Ayden grabbed her cloak with his right hand. Pain shot through his freshly healed shoulder as he pulled back.  Sabina found her feet just as Ayden was about to lose his grip.  He grabbed Volos with both hands as his large friend kicked at a licking leaf. 
Sabina nearly flung Pax over the top of her head as she pulled him to safety.  She then hugged him fiercely, causing his cheeks to flush.  
Ayden turned his attention to Nya. Hanging on Volos' leg, she kicked at the plant that had torn the bottom of her dress to shreds.  Her bare feet and legs also had several scrapes that were dripping blood.  The leaves rubbed with disturbing pleasure against each other at fallen droplets.  Endia screeched and dove uselessly at the plants, desperate to help her master.
Ayden looked into Nya's eyes and nodded.  Without hesitation, she made her way up Volos' side.  She was lighter weight than Pax and made her way to his shoulder quickly.  Da'ewyn released one of Volos' hands and stretched down to help Nya.  Ayden readied himself to assist her in case they should begin to fall.
Da'ewyn brought Nya safely to the ground.  Ayden looked to Volos as everyone helped grab his hands and wrists.  A tongue-covered branch wrapped around Volos' boot and he kicked uselessly at it with his other foot.  "Let go of my hand!" he yelled at Da'ewyn and Nya.  Reluctantly, they let go and Volos drew his sword, slicing the branch in half.  The rest of the branches became frenzied and reached greedily in its place.
"Volos," Ayden grunted as he fought to keep hold of Volos' hand, "swing your leg up and try to catch those roots with your foot."
Volos looked to his right where a clump of tangled tree roots jutted from the cliff side.  He growled as he heaved his body sideways.  He missed.  Taking a deep breath, he tried again.  This time, he was able to snag the roots with his toe.  Da'ewyn reached and grasped Volos' vest, and Sabina and Pax ran over to grab his leg.  With a lot of pulling and grunting, Volos was pulled to safety. 
They all fell to the ground and breathed relief.  Volos looked at Ayden and shook his head.  After the intense rush of adrenalin, the two of them couldn't help but chuckling.  
"I-I d-don't see what's-so funny!" Pax scowled.  Then, his brows rose and he screamed.  Everyone jumped to their feet.  The tip of a branch covered in red leaves was peaking over the edge of the cliff.
"Move!" Volos boomed and no one wasted time running a good distance away from the cliff.  Ayden's wind was knocked out of him as he reached the end of his rope and was yanked to the ground.  Forgot about that! He quickly grabbed Whisper and cut the restraint, and then caught up with the others.
Once at a safe distance, they stopped to catch their breath.
Pax continued to scowl at Ayden.  "You have something to say, Pax?" Ayden asked.
After a moment of contemplation, Pax answered, "Y-Yeah.  I d-do.  I-It's y-yar fault!" he said, waving his hands in the direction they had just run from.  "W-we c-could've been k-kelled!"
 Ayden's first instinct was to become irritated.  But, after reminding himself that Pax was right, he said, "I know.  I owe you another apology.  In fact," he said looking to all of them, "I owe all of you an apology.  I haven't been listening to any of you.  I've been a, well I've been a?."
"Jerk?" Sabina offered.
"Stupid human?" Da'ewyn chimed.
"A punk?" Volos joined in.
"Okay! Okay! Yeah, I've been all of those things.  I'm sorry.  I'll try to be swift to listen and slow to act from now on," he said, stumbling over Palmaero's lesson of the day.
"Well, since you just saved our butts, I guess we can forgive you," Volos said.  Everyone nodded in agreement--except Pax.  He continued to scowl and turned away from Ayden.
Ayden sighed heavily, but he didn't know what to do to mend the rift between him and his friend.  Shrugging it off, he turned to the others and said, "Well, I'm glad that's over with.  Now we can get back to the main path and get to that sword."  Ayden gasped as he realized he'd let slip to Sabina and Nya what they were looking for.  "Uh, sorry," he said to Volos.  "Well, you don't know exactly what sword we're looking for," he said looking back to Sabina.
Sabina crossed her arms over her chest, pursing her lips. "It wouldn't be the magical sword of King Elrohir by any chance, would it?"
"What do you know of it?" Volos asked, surprised.
"Only that it is powerfully magical and that every sorcerer in this world longs to have it.  Jared told me all about it," she said. Her eyes darted to the side.  "He's been searching for it, I heard.  If he gets it?" She seemed lost in a vision for a moment.
"If you ever find him, Sabina, you know you can't tell him that we're looking for it," Ayden said quietly. "Even if it means his having the sword might make him powerful enough to cure you."
An angry crease formed between Sabina's brows as she answered, "You don't trust me enough to know that I would never do that?  Jared is the last person I would want to get his hands on such a device, well, second to Degus." She lowered her gaze again.
"Alright," Ayden said uncertainly. He didn't like this new revelation. What if he really couldn't trust Sabina?
Da'ewyn was scolding Nya as she helped the siren nurse her wounds.  "You really should try wearing shoes sometime."  After Nya had been tended to, Ayden, Volos and Pax allowed the girls to walk ahead of them so they could have a quick look at the map.  Sabina and Nya knew about the sword, but that didn't mean they had to know about the secret that Pax held.  Ayden argued that it was pointless to even look at the map, considering Degus probably knew where they were anyway. 
Ignoring Ayden, Volos traced their path with his finger, causing Pax to momentarily forget his sour mood and giggle.  "Be still, Pax," Volos said.
"Th-that t-teckles!" Pax replied between chuckles.
Volos trailed his finger along and said, "We still have a long way to go, maybe four or five days, if we don't run in to any trouble."
This news was not welcome to Ayden.  Days seemed an incredibly long time when he knew Freya was suffering.  "Are you sure?  Even if we travel longer into the night some nights?  Sabina could lead us at night with her sharp vision."
"That would be too risky.  If Degus really is on to us and wants to keep us deterred, she'd use the dark as her ally.  Traveling at night would be far more dangerous now."
Ayden ruffled his already messy hair.  "Okay.  Well we won't get there any faster standing around, that's for sure." 
"Look here.  In two days, we'll have a good rest," Volos said as he poked Pax's back.  The map there showed a fancy symbol that Ayden didn't recognize. 
"Why? What is it?" he asked.
"Andor-the gifted land of the elves.  It is Thildin's sister city, but is at least three times as large.  It's where Ahriman's people live.  We'll find good food and good rest there," Volos smiled and then trailed his finger further up Pax's back.  
"What's this?" Ayden asked as he pointed to another symbol off of the path. 
"That's your father's homeland.  The fairy realm and home of Faylinn Cannelita-The Fairy Kingdom Gardens.  But we won't have time to stop there," Volos said.  
"Maybe on the way back?  I'd love to see where my dad grew up," Ayden said excitedly. 
"Maybe," Volos said unconvincingly.  He continued to study the map as he ran his finger up Pax's back.  "And then," he frowned as his finger came across another strange symbol just before the crystal-like lake directly beneath Pax's neck.
"What, Volos? And then what?"
"Well, let's just take it one day at a time.  You're right; we won't get far standing around."  Volos turned abruptly and walked through the trees toward the mapped out path.  
Pax and Ayden looked at each other as Pax lowered his shirt.  "What d-do ya s'pose i-is by the l-lake?" Pax asked warily.
"I don't know." Ayden answered.  "But it can't be good."



Chapter Twenty Seven
The Siren's Story


After they'd caught up with the others, Ayden forced himself to forget Volos' strange mood and found his way beside the siren.  Nya smiled at him as he approached.
Ayden smiled back as he felt that familiar comfort that always seemed to accompany Nya.  His smile faded when he remembered what he had read in Freya's books about how sirens were vicious man-eaters.  "Um, Nya?  Forgive me for asking this--I don't want to offend you--but I've read stories of how sirens lured ships to rocky shores and then, once their ships were wrecked, they ate the men.  Is there any truth to those stories, because you just don't seem to fit the profile?"
Nya blinked back the fiery white from her eyes.  She didn't answer right away, but looked ahead as she walked with her staff softly padding in the dirt with every other step.  Her delicate fingers found their way to her throat where she rubbed the shining figure that hung there.  Finally, she spoke.  "Centuries ago, some of our people found a gateway near the sea into the Other World.  They were very excited and found it to be a great adventure.  The sea called to them and they spent many evenings along the rocky shores, singing and dancing.  No one stopped them, as no harm was done.  That particular shore seemed uninhabited by any humans--no ships were ever seen.
"Then, one night, the sirens were feeling adventurous.  They sang along the shore as they had done every night for many, many nights.  They were exhilarated as they realized that their mood and music were affecting the weather.  They sang louder and louder, causing a storm to rise up in the sky and sea.  Amazed and intoxicated by the power of nature, they sang louder and stronger and more passionately than ever before."  Nya stopped and took a deep breath before continuing. Endia cooed and her master absentmindedly stroked her chest.
"One of the sirens spotted a human ship in trouble on the stormy sea.  They argued about what to do; some said they should help--the storm was their doing, after all.  Others said they should go back into Shae Vale before they were discovered.  They argued and a decision could not be made.  So, those who wanted to help stayed, and the others ran to our elders to tell them what was happening.  
"Those that had stayed by the sea sang as loudly as they could, only with a different song, a gentler song.  Siren music is the most beautiful in the world," Nya said as she smiled broadly.  "A siren's song is everything to the siren.  And they were giving their song freely to help the sailors.
"Of course, my ancestors weren't taking into account the jagged rocks along their shore.  The ship crashed, but the sirens didn't give up hope.  They swam out to the broken ship against smashing waves and splintered wood and dragged the men ashore."
Ayden listened intently, certain that Nya was about to tell how the sirens transformed into hideous scaly beasts and ate the men they had just rescued.
"Some of the ship's cargo washed ashore.  The men that had been saved shared what they had with the sirens; I don't think they meant any harm.  They wanted to show their gratitude.  You see," Nya said as she looked into Ayden's eyes, "when the stories say that the sirens 'partook of the flesh of men', it did not mean that they ate the men themselves.  It meant that they partook in the evils that the men brought to them--the temptations of the flesh of men. A drink filled with poison was passed around.  It caused the sirens to act shamefully."
Nya's face reddened as she lowered her eyes and stared at the ground for several paces.  Ayden couldn't find anything to say, and so, also remained silent.  Nya's story was not what he'd expected.
"By the time our elders had found them, my ancestors had been, in the elder's eyes, defiled.  The elders brutally killed the men and cursed the tainted sirens.  They were never to sing again, or they would die." Tears formed in Nya's eyes.  She took a deep breath and raised her head.  "It is a blood curse, passed from one generation to the next.  It is a terrible curse for a siren to bear.  Singing is everything to our culture." 
Nya lifted her necklace and let it sparkle in the sunlight.  "But my grandmother," she smiled warmly, "told me that we always have hope.  If we put off the darkness of our past, our wrongs, our negative thinking, we can reveal our life-song, and that others would hear its sweet music.  It is a way we can sing without using our voices.  My necklace is to remind me of this.  Now, I travel Shae Vale helping wherever there is a need."
Ayden had a deeper respect for Nya.  It seemed she had many more obstacles to face than he did; and yet, unlike him, she saw the good in it all.  "That's an amazing story, Nya.  I'm sorry to have had the wrong idea about your people.  If I ever have the chance, I'll make sure the truth is told to as many as I can tell it," he said softly.
Nya smiled warmly and nodded her appreciation.
"One more thing, where does Endia fit in?  Is she just a pet?  I've felt like the two of you have a deep connection."
"Endia is my music, captured in the form of a bird.  Even when I cannot sing, I can make beautiful music through her.  We do have a deep connection because we are a part of each other," Nya explained as she smiled and, once again, stroked Endia's shimmering feathers.
Everyone was in a good humor over the next day.  No signs of Devel or Jared had been seen, and no fog had plagued their journey.  Ayden walked and talked with everyone in turn.
He and Sabina reflected on old times, laughing heartily with one another as they set up camp that night.  They were laughing so hard at remembering the poisonous pops and how frantic Ayden had been, that they forgot what they were doing and bumped into each other.  Instead of stepping away, they held on to one other, looking seriously into each another's eyes.  In a breath, their lips connected and they kissed deeply.  They parted and stared at each other strangely.  
"Well, that wasn't quite like I remember," Sabina said.
"I know what you mean," Ayden answered.  He had felt nothing in their kiss.  "I guess that answers that question then, doesn't it?"
Sabina smiled and they laughed again.  Pax walked through the trees as Sabina and Ayden parted.  I hope he didn't see us!  "He really likes you, you know," Ayden said as he watched Pax pull his glasses from his pocket and set them on his nose.  He scowled as he produced a light and began to read.
"I know," Sabina said.  "But I have so many issues, most of them with a sorcerer.  I just don't know if I can trust another one."  She half smiled at Ayden and turned toward arranging her blanket on the ground.
I hope you can trust Pax. The creepy, glossy stare that Pax had carried when he'd attacked Devel haunted Ayden's memory.  
"The stronger he gets, the more the power will go to his head." Sabina's words accompanied Ayden's visions. 
I guess only time will tell.
As he bent down to arrange his wrap, a succession of earsplitting screeches ripped through the air.  Ayden was reminded of some fireworks he and Volos had set off once.  They'd made extremely high-pitched screams that had nearly deafened anyone within a one mile radius.  Only this wasn't a holiday, and no sparks lit up the sky.  
The shrieks sounded again and everyone held their hands to their ears as they looked to the darkening sky.  A flock of frighteningly large, oily black birds swooped toward them.  As the leader came close, it paused in mid-flap, shooting its wing feathers forward.  Ayden stood in shock as some of the feathers flung from the bird's wings like porcupine quills toward them.  Black daggers sliced into the trees and ground around them.  
"RAZR BIRDS!  INTO THE TREES!" Volos' booming voice was like a shock of electricity, and everyone scattered in all directions.  
Ayden focused on the thick trunk of the tree ahead of him.  The Razr birds' loud shrieks filled the air, causing panic to rise in Ayden's chest.  If I can just get to that tree?
Just as he approached the large trunk, a razor-sharp dagger sliced the side of Ayden's arm and imbedded itself completely into the trunk of the tree.  He yelled in pain as he dodged behind the tree just in time to avoid becoming a human pin cushion.
The pain in Ayden's arm made him suddenly furious at the Razr birds.  He grabbed Phantom and Whisper and readied himself for the next attack.  Their ear-splitting cries echoed through the trees as Ayden spotted one of the birds and aimed his weapons carefully.  Phantom and Whisper flung madly through the air at their master's command.  They made swift contact, slicing the bird into three parts before returning, covered in blood, to Ayden's hands.  
Da'ewyn's arrows shot toward another of the birds from behind another tree; but the bird's iron-clad feathers repelled the arrows as if they were pieces of straw.
There are too many for me to kill by myself!  "Pax!  We could use a little of that special magic of yours now!" Ayden yelled.  The birds cried out again.  Ayden saw Endia take flight and his heart sank.  The bird disappeared as she reached her vanishing height.  Suddenly, one of the Razrs screamed as its eyes seemed to explode.  Its blood splattered the invisible bird's face, making her form appear.  She dove straight down and landed safely with Nya behind a large boulder.
After breathing a sigh of relief, Ayden yelled again, "Pax!  Help!"  Pax appeared from behind the tree that he'd been hugging and shakily pointed his fingers to the sky.  His glasses dangled from his left ear and he looked as if he was about to be sick.
"You can do it, Pax," one of the girls yelled.
Pax stuttered out a curse and sickly green light shot out from the end of his fingertips.  The Razr birds circled around the light like giant moths until it disappeared into the black sky.  Pax continued to look up expectantly.  Then, his face turned as green as the light that he'd produced.  Suddenly, he yelled without a single stutter, "OH, CRAP!  RUN!  EVERYONE, TAKE COVER!"
They all stood motionless for a moment.  But as soon as the first basketball sized boulder fell from the sky, six pairs of legs scurried as quickly as their muscles would allow.  
The stones seemed to be pelting down only in the area where they had been originally standing.  Once out of range, Ayden and the others stopped and breathlessly turned to watch.  Two or three of the evil birds were knocked out of the sky by the falling rocks, including the bird that had been blinded by Endia.  The others screamed to each other and retreated into the darkness.  One final boulder fell from the sky; the forest shuddered from the impact and then became deathly quiet.



Chapter Twenty Eight
Razr Birds


Six people staggered cautiously from behind trees and rocks to where dozens of boulders lay atop their campground.  Broken trees and dead birds littered the area.  "Is everyone okay?" Volos was the first to find his voice.
Ayden looked to his companions.  He wasn't the only one who'd felt the sharpness of the Razr birds' feathers.  Pax had several slashes on his arms and blood was trickling against his white skin.  Da'ewyn was nursing a cut on her side, and Volos had a cut on his face and an entire dagger protruding from his thigh.  Ayden winced as he watched his older companion pull the dagger from his flesh.  Blood trickled down Volos' leg, staining his leather pants.  
Sabina's cloak was torn, but she seemed to have avoided being sliced; and Nya carried an ugly gouge across the back of her neck where reddish-gold blood oozed.
A waning moon peered over the tops of the trees, shedding light onto the gruesome scene.  The bird that Ayden had killed lay in pieces on a blood soaked ground.  The others that had been hit by the stones lay twisted and broken in mangled heaps of flesh and oily black feathers.  Da'ewyn picked up a dagger-like feather and threw it at one of the dead birds; the dagger sliced through its feathers and sank into its body.
"Those would've been handy a few minutes ago," she muttered.  Then, she gathered as many of the loose feathers as she could and carefully wrapped them in a piece of her blanket that had been torn by the falling daggers.  "No point wasting these.  I know how to use them if those demons come back."
Suddenly, Nya spoke earnestly to Sabina as she placed herself between her friend and the rest of the group.  Ayden's heart jumped as he looked to the moon; he'd forgotten about Sabina's condition!  She looked hungrily with red eyes at her companions' open wounds.  Nya stepped closer to her and held up her staff in warning.  Sabina looked at Nya momentarily became more like herself.  "Venil men loen! Get me out of here, Nya!" she said in a strained whisper.  
Nya spoke calmly to her in her language, "Keep your eyes focused on me, Sabina. Endia has already begun to hunt.  Come now, away.  You are safe with me.  Come away."
Everyone watched as Nya calmly guided Sabina into the shadows of the trees.  "C'mon.  We need to bind up our wounds and stop all of this blood flowing.  She'll be able to smell it from a mile away and it will drive her mad," Ayden said.  No one wasted time tearing pieces of cloth from their clothes or bedding to cover their wounds.
"Why couldn't she just drink Razr blood?  They're already dead, anyway," Da'ewyn asked as she tightened a piece of cloth around her waist.
"Thay're b-blood is poison.  It w-would have k-kelled har," Pax explained.  Ayden had to assist the sorcerer as his arms had to be completely covered with bandages.
"Well, we can't stay here for the night, can we?" Da'ewyn stated the obvious as she gazed at their mangled camp.  The four companions gathered as much undestroyed materials as they could find.  They weren't carrying much by the time they left the campsite.  
After walking for fifteen minutes, Volos turned to Ayden and asked, "Do you think Nya and Sabina will find us?"
"Yes.  Sabina will sniff us out.  She's very sensitive to the smell of blood, even during the day, I think.  Besides, we don't need to go far.  This looks like a good spot."
They had reached an area where a large rock protruded from the side of a hill, protecting the ground below it like a giant umbrella.  "I like this--nice and hidden," Da'ewyn said, stating her approval.
"Let's try getting some sleep.  We'll be able to get new supplies tomorrow at Andor," Volos said and he sat down and folded his hands and lowered his head to meditate.  Pax sprawled out on the ground and stared up at the rock, and Da'ewyn began making arrows out of the Razr feathers.  
Ayden spoke softly to keep from disturbing Volos, "Hey, Pax.  Nice job back there.  You killed at least three of those hideous things."
Pax stared at Ayden for a moment and then answered, "I-I m-messed up the curse."
"So.  It still helped, didn't it?"
"Y-Yah.  I g-guess so," Pax replied and then set his head back down on the ground and stared again at the rock.
Ayden followed Volos' example and tried to meditate.  After a few minutes, he felt calmer and stretched out onto the ground.  Bits and pieces of memory invaded his dreams as he slept, but he forgot them whenever he woke.
When Ayden finally rose the next morning, he found that his bandage was soaked through and dripping.  He looked at Volos and the others.  "They're not healing," Volos stated.  "We need to get to Andor as quickly as possible."
Trying not to panic, Ayden asked, "Don't we have any curatree sap?"
"I lost all I had when the Razr birds attacked.  The only place we'll find any curatrees around here is at Andor," Volos replied.
At that moment, Nya and Sabina appeared.  "Don't come near us, Sabina," Ayden warned.  "Our wounds aren't healing."
"No kidding.  Nya's been bleeding all night and I can't stop it.  What are we going to do?" Sabina called, keeping her distance.
"Volos says there are curatrees at Andor.  We have to get there as quickly as we can," Ayden shouted back. 
"Let's get going," Volos said as they hurriedly gathered their few belongings and headed for Andor.
After walking for several hours, Ayden felt light headed.  The sun was becoming too warm and the bugs, drawn to them by the smell of fresh blood, were worse than usual.  "Volos, how much further? I'm not sure?"
Ayden's sentence faded as the world spun.  He shook his head and tried to focus.  He tried to see how the others were doing, but when he turned everything spun even faster and he fell to the ground.  Through the sickening movement of the trees and grass around him, Ayden glimpsed his companions.  Whether they were standing or falling, he was uncertain.  
Ayden closed his eyes and tried to will himself not to pass out.  He thought he heard a soft, masculine voice speaking to him in a language that was foreign, yet familiar.  "What?" Ayden whispered weakly.  He couldn't make out what the voice was saying.  

"Hold on?" Ayden thought he heard.  And when he could hold on no longer, he let himself slip away into darkness yet again.



Chapter Twenty-Nine
Andor


I must be the weakest guy on the face of the planet! Ayden thought as he regained consciousness.  How many times have I passed out now?  Three? Four? Ten?  Weird what goes through your mind when you're waking up.  Ayden slowly opened his eyes.  He was expecting to be lying on the ground where he'd fallen.  Instead, he rested on a lush bed in a soft white room.  Large, glassless stone windows let in a playful breeze.  Plants and flowers were everywhere; along the window sills crept beautiful vines, much like the ones at Hosgrow.
Ayden checked the wound on his arm.  It was wrapped in a silky bandage, and no blood seeped through.
"I am glad to see that you are waking, young Ayden," the soft voice that Ayden had heard before he'd passed out emanated from an elegant looking elf.  He reminded Ayden of the elf he'd seen with that girl in Thildin, the one that had been watching him catch the dead sorcerer; the elf's hair and eyes were the same chocolate color.  "You and your friends were only half a mile from Andor's outside border.  Lucky for you, we patrol the area constantly.  And," he continued as he poured steaming clear liquid into a cup--pink, green, and blue steam spiraled upward and vanished into the air, "lucky for me, Volos was strong enough to carry two of you.  My companion and I did not have time to call for aid when we found you."
The elf smiled gently and Ayden couldn't help smiling back.  He took the cup from the elf and breathed in the colorful steam.  The smell of peppermint and hot chocolate filled his nostrils. "What is this?" he asked.
"It is a special elvish drink, yulnae.  It has a different smell and taste for everyone, but its effects are the same for all.  Please, drink," the elf said and motioned with one hand as if tipping the cup to Ayden's lips.
Ayden took a deep drink of the clear, hot liquid.  As it traveled down his throat, he felt stronger, even invigorated.  In fact, he was ready to jump out of bed and fight Degus herself.
"Be careful, Ayden.  You may feel empowered, but your body still needs rest.  You may arise, but take things slowly," the elf cautioned.
"Thanks, uh," Ayden didn't know the elf's name.
"Forgive me.  I have failed to give you a name.  I am Luthien."  The elf leaned over and placed his hand on Ayden's shoulder in greeting.  Ayden returned the gesture and then they parted.
"Where are the others?  Are they alright?" he asked.
"All of your friends are well.  All have woken now except for the young sorcerer.  He had many wounds, but he will recover," Luthien said hastily at Ayden's look of concern.  Then the elf's face sobered.  "We did have to house your friend, Sabina, in a more secluded area.  Vampires are not allowed to enter here, but she was insistent."
Ayden cast his eyes to the floor as he thought of Sabina having to be separated from everyone.  She was self-conscious enough already, this couldn't be helping her.  "Isn't there any way that she can join us?" he said as he looked to Luthien's face.
Luthien's eyes held sympathy as he replied, "I understand your concern.  But I am afraid we cannot take the risk.  She has been made most comfortable, I assure you.  Now, I have placed some fresh clothing here for you, and your weapons are on the table over there; but you will not need to carry them during your visit.  Our city is well protected.  I will wait for you outside.  When you are dressed, please follow me, and I will take you to your friends."
"How did you get Phantom and Whisper away from me and onto the table?" Ayden asked.
"If you are referring to the elvish dragon weapons, very, very carefully."  Luthien smiled and then turned and walked gracefully out of the room.  Ayden rose and stumbled not so gracefully to the pile of clothes on the chair next to his bed.  His muscles were still weak, despite the invigorating drink that warmed his veins.  
Ayden lifted the clothes from the chair and inspected them.  They were tan like pale leather, but much softer to the touch.  Ayden pulled on them to test their durability.  They seemed strong in spite of their light weight.  He slipped into the shirt and pants and walked to a mirror imbedded in the wall above the weapons table.  
A strange feeling washed over him as he looked at his reflection.  The elves must've washed, trimmed, and combed his hair as it was now shorter and free of twigs, leaves and tangles.  It was healthier and shinier than Ayden had ever seen it.  His face (which had been shaved clean) and body were much leaner, but the elf clothing fit him perfectly, and the color accented his amber eyes.  Ayden smiled smugly at himself and nodded his approval. Nice!  Very nice!
He turned back to the chair over which a new cloak was draped.  The cloak was green and silkier than Sabina's black one.  Ayden caressed the fabric for a moment, enjoying its soft, cool touch.  He left the cloak where it was and then took stock of his weapons, making certain none were missing.  He noticed that Luthien had thoughtfully folded his old, torn cloak and laid it beside the other weapons.  He touched his grandfather's old cloak lightly with his fingertips, and then turned and left the room.
Luthien waited serenely at the bottom of a flight of white stone stairs that led to an outdoor arena.  The sun shone cheerily overhead, and numerous fountains tinkled musically as clear water spouted from their centers.  The buildings were supported by simple but elegantly carved pillars covered with flowering vines.  Graceful elves, none of which looked any older than their mid- thirties, walked elegantly through the city, inclining their heads and smiling warmly whenever they passed Luthien and Ayden. 
"Your city is beautiful," Ayden said in a whisper.  The city was not only beautiful, but stretched before them like a vast sea of white stone, flowers, and vines.  Hordes of butterflies fluttered through the city, lingering over the plants and water.
Luthien replied, "Thank you.  We enjoy it.  It has been here for many generations, and we hope it will be here many more.  Which reminds me, I met your grandfather once, long ago.  And your grandmother.  She was quite special.  I have never met another human like her."
Ayden jerked his head and stared at Luthien.  "You met my grandparents?  How old are you?"
Luthien chuckled as he replied, "Much older than I appear, I assure you.  But a good elf never tells his age," he said with a wink. 
"What was he like, my grandfather?" Ayden asked as they walked toward another set of stairs.  Freya had told him countless stories of his grandfather, but it would be interesting to hear about him from another point of view.
"Amros was what every elf defender admires--strong but kind hearted, brave but gentle.  He was truly a hero among the elves, and among many others.  Ah, here we are." Luthien came to a closed door made of the same silvery wood that Ayden had seen so many times before.  He was sorry to have reached their destination.  He would have liked to have continue talking with Luthien about his grandfather.
The elf opened the door and stepped through.  Ayden followed, expecting to enter another room.  Instead, the door opened into a vast garden bursting with every flower, bush, and tree imaginable.  Sweet, wonderful smells tickled the air, and butterflies and birds fluttered around playfully.  Ayden was so entranced by the garden that he almost didn't see Da'ewyn and Volos sitting opposite one another on smooth stone benches.  Volos was meditating, and Da'ewyn was painting something on the underside of her forearm with ink and a small stick.
Ayden might not have recognized Da'ewyn had she not been sitting opposite Volos.  She wore an ice-blue, silky gown that trailed across the ground where she sat; her silvery hair had also been cleaned and combed and was nearly blinding in the bright sun.  Ayden had never seen her so beautiful.  She truly looked like a princess.
Luthien made his leave after Ayden thanked him.  Then Ayden approached his friends just as Volos opened his eyes.  He was wearing clothing similar to Ayden's, but his were more of a reddish-brown.  Volos stood and smiled broadly as Ayden approached.  "Well, well.  Don't we look handsome?" he said and then nearly smothered Ayden in a bear hug.
Ayden's muffled voice trailed into the air, "You look good, too, Volos.  Uh, could you let go now, I can't breathe!"
"Sorry," Volos said and then released Ayden.  He continued, "I was just worried, you know.  I was scared we were too late getting here."
"Well, we did get here, thanks to you.  Good thing you're as strong as you are," Ayden replied.
Volos chuckled heartily, "Yeah I'm strong alright.  As soon as I knew we were at the city, I fell like dead elephant and nearly crushed you and Pax."
They chuckled, and then Ayden turned his attention to Da'ewyn.  "You're being very quiet.  What are you doing, anyway?"
Da'ewyn looked up and the color of her eyes, highlighted by her gown, leapt out at Ayden.  "I'm making note of all the enemies we have faced so far.  See?"
Da'ewyn held out her arm and showed Ayden where she had made several squiggly lines with circles on top of them.  They looked like funny lower case i's.  "You remember how many, exactly?"  Ayden asked as he sat down next to her.
"Of course. Don't you? I have to get credit for facing them when I return home."
"How will your dad know you actually faced so many?  Why couldn't you just lie and add a few extra on there?" he asked.
Da'ewyn's eyes widened as she stared at Ayden.  "Lying is punishable by death in my father's kingdom!  We are warriors; we cannot afford to be dishonest.  I suppose it's rewarded in the Other World?" she asked dryly.
Ayden thought for a moment.  "Well, actually, it seems that way sometimes.  But it always causes more trouble than good."
Da'ewyn stared at him for a moment and then whispered, "Stupid humans." Then more audibly, "No wonder the Other World is falling apart."
Ayden was about to defend his homeland when he heard the familiar cooing of Endia.  He'd thought Da'ewyn's shining appearance had been a shock, but nothing prepared him for the sight of the siren.  For once, Ayden's eyes weren't drawn directly to the bird, but were captured by Nya's form as she gracefully walked toward them.  Her gown was similar to Da'ewyn's, but in a beautiful lavender color that softened her eyes more than ever.  Her hair was no longer mousy, but cascading waves of brown hair, highlighted by the sun, caressed her face and neck.  She did not hold her staff, but allowed Endia to rest on her shoulder.  The bird's tail feathers trailed behind Nya's back like a colorful veil.
Nya smiled and her eyes sparkled at everyone as she approached.  "You all look?well," she said, stumbling over her limited English.
Volos and Da'ewyn returned her greeting while Ayden stared.  He vaguely heard Da'ewyn behind him whisper, "Stupid human!"  And then she punched him on the shoulder.
"Ow!" Ayden growled at her as he finally tore his eyes away from Nya.  Da'ewyn smiled at him, satisfied that she'd caused pain.  
Ayden was glad when Nya spoke directly to him so that he could look at her without anyone getting testy.  "I am on my way to see Sabina.  Would you all like to join me?" she asked in her own tongue.  Ayden translated and Volos and Da'ewyn agreed to come along.
"Do you know the way?" Ayden asked.
"Yes.  I was there earlier.  I am worried for her.  She is not content."
Ayden was concerned.  Luthien had said that she'd been made comfortable, but what did elves consider to be comfortable to a vampire when they weren't usually allowed in the city?
After making their way through to the edge of the city, they reached the door leading to Sabina's room and Nya knocked, calling to her.  Sabina opened the door and looked anxiously to her friends.  She also wore a flowing gown, but bright green, and her wavy red hair shown like fire.  "Oh, thank goodness you're here!  I can't stay here another minute.  They won't let me walk around the city and the food they've brought makes me sick.  I need to get out of here!" she said hysterically.
Ayden tried to think what to do.  Pax still hadn't woken, and they couldn't leave without him.  Nya spoke, "Sabina.  You and I may leave the city and wait for the others in the forest.  But we will have to go far enough to not disturb their patrol or any of their wildlife.  We will be outside their protection and our companions' protection.  Do you understand?"
Sabina nodded vigorously and answered Nya in English, "Yes! Yes, I understand.  Get your stuff and let's go."  She then disappeared into the room and Ayden could hear her shuffling around as she quickly gathered her belongings.
Ayden turned to Nya, "I don't know if this is such a good idea.  Jared is still out there somewhere looking for her."
"If you're worried about them, Ayden, I can go with them. I'm getting bored here anyway," Da'ewyn offered.
"Oh that's great.  Let's send all the women out unprotected into the forest," Ayden said without thinking. 
Da'ewyn flashed her most threatening look and curled up her fists.  Ayden took a step back, "Sorry.  I forget how tough you all are."
"I'll go, too.  I've already seen some old friends, and I really am no use here," Volos said.  "You go and find Pax.  As soon as he's ready, come and find us."
"I will leave Endia with you, Ayden.  She will lead you straight to us," Nya said after Ayden had translated the plan.  Then everyone separated to their rooms to gather their belongings.
Ayden felt strange with the beautiful bird perched lightly on his shoulder.  He couldn't resist glancing back once or twice to make certain she wasn't leaving droppings on his new elf clothes.
As he entered the elf room, Endia flapped off of Ayden's shoulder and roosted on the bed post.  He put on the new cloak, which was surprisingly lighter than his old one.  A large leather pack had been left on the table, and he stuffed his old cloak inside of it; he knew he was being stupid and sentimental, but he just wasn't ready to let go of his grandfather's cloak just yet.
Finally, he was ready.  He whistled and motioned for Endia to get on his shoulder.  The bird ignored him.  Great!  Nya didn't give me the command for 'come'! Endia suddenly flapped through the air and landed on Ayden's shoulder.  "Okay.  We'll go with that," Ayden said aloud and headed out of his room
Ayden chuckled at the strange bird as he came to the outdoor area.  Luthien was just approaching as Ayden's foot touched the grass.  "I have been informed of your need to depart as soon as possible.  The others have gone.  Your sorcerer friend awoke several minutes ago and, I believe, will be ready to depart as soon as he has eaten.  I will gather some food and water for your journey after I take you to him. "Luthien, you are most efficient," Ayden said.
Luthien mirrored Ayden's wide smile and replied, "I do my best."
Once again, Ayden was nearly shocked when he saw the difference in his friend.  Pax's neatly trimmed hair shown bright gold, and the maroon elvish clothing made him look more like a prince than a stuttering amateur sorcerer. 
Pax smiled excitedly when he saw Ayden and stuttered almost incoherently about his clothes and the drink and the beautiful city.  "I-I th-th-thenk I-I c-c-could lllive here!" he finished.  He was like deprived boy seeing Christmas for the first time.
Ayden couldn't help chuckling.  He'd never seen Pax so excited.  Then, clearing his throat, he spoke, "Pax, I know this is very exciting and all, but we have to get going."
Pax's face drooped.  "But, w-we just g-got here! I-I'm nnnot ready to l-l-leave!"
"Pax, Sabina couldn't stay here.  The food made her sick; she had to go back into the forest.  The others have gone ahead with her, and we need to go find them."  Endia cooed and Pax looked at her as if he'd just noticed she was there.  "Endia will lead us to them," Ayden explained.
"L-Let's go th-then!" Pax said and leapt up to gather his things.  Ayden smiled, but said nothing as he watched Pax.  I knew you couldn't say no to Sabina!
Pax had been given a new bag along with some new reading material.  Ayden wondered how many books the boy could carry.  They had to be getting heavy.
Ayden and Pax thanked the elves, especially Luthien, one last time before they turned away from the beautiful city.  Endia took flight and soared ahead of them, leading the way.  She fluttered from tree to tree, resting briefly as those on foot caught up to her
 "D-Do ya th-thenk she's a-alright?" Pax asked nervously.  "I-I mean, th-they-do ya th-thenk they're alright?"
Ayden answered, "Yes, I'm sure they're watching each other's backs."  They're far more protected than we are at the moment! Ayden kept that latter thought to himself.  The last thing he needed was Pax getting into a panic.
After following Endia for two hours, Ayden and Pax stopped to have a quick snack.  Pax was restless and only nibbled on his bread.  "Aren't you hungry?  It's been a long time since you ate," Ayden asked.
"N-No."
"Look, she'll be okay.  Calm yourself and eat.  You'll get weak without food," Ayden said as he handed Pax a peach.
Pax took the fruit without really looking at it.  Instead, he surveyed the trees warily.  "S-Somethin' doesn't f-feel r-right."
Ayden's spine tingled.  Pax was right.  The trees had grown too quiet.  Birds had been singing cheerily just moments before.
Pax leapt up and purposefully walked away from their resting area.  Endia flew silently ahead of him, as if to guide his direction.  Somehow, Ayden felt that Pax wouldn't have needed her at this point.  He wondered at his friend's strange behavior as he followed, keeping his hands close to his weapons.
Pax stopped abruptly where Endia had landed on a low branch of a tree.  "What is it?" Ayden whispered.
"I-I f-feel magic.  I-It's comin' f-from up ahead," Pax whispered without looking at Ayden.  Goosebumps crawled over Ayden's skin.
"Good or bad magic?" he asked warily.
"I-I don't know," Pax replied and then slowly made his way through the trees.  Ayden followed him closely, ready to defend him if necessary.  He didn't like the way Pax was staring strangely as if seeing past the trees ahead of them.  Endia made a small sound and refused to move forward.
"I don't like this, Pax.  Maybe we should get away from here," Ayden said as his heart pounded against his chest.  If Endia doesn't want to go in there, then neither do I.  But Pax slowly continued forward as if mesmerized by the magic he felt.
As the two of them came into a clearing, both teens drew a sharp breath.  Volos, Nya, and Da'ewyn were pinned against the trunks of three large trees by invisible ropes.  Ayden yelled as Pax was suddenly yanked away from him; Pax grunted as his body slammed against another tree.
Ayden had no time to react as his own body was suddenly pulled forward by strong, invisible arms.  He lost his breath as he was thrust against the bark of the same tree next to Pax, his arms pinned to his sides.  He couldn't reach his weapons!
Ayden looked about frantically, trying to comprehend what was happening.  He attempted to speak, but felt like someone had glued his lips shut.  
"Leave them alone!" Sabina's voice screamed out.  Ayden looked to the ground below.  Sabina stood rigid with her arms to her sides as if she, too were bound by invisible source.  But it appeared that she was allowed to speak, at least.  
Ayden searched for their captor.  A voice reached his ears before he saw a man saunter casually from behind another tree. He held a haughty grin and his dark eyes shone with triumph. "Well, well.  It seems, my dear, that we have more company.  Are there any other friends that you forgot to tell me about?  Or will this be all?  You know how I hate surprises."
Sabina's eyes were flaming as she glared at their captor.  He ran a hand over his thick, black hair, revealing a pointed ear, and then adjusted his well-groomed clothing.  "I must make myself presentable for our company.  Oh and where are my manners?  I've gone and forgotten to introduce myself," he said as he smiled with mock civility.  He walked to where Pax and Ayden fought to break free of their binding.  Looking straight into Pax's eyes, he smiled broadly and introduced himself.  "My name is Jared.  How do you do?" he said and then bowed low, keeping dark eye contact with Pax as he did so.



Chapter Thirty
Double Trouble


Pax shook uncontrollably, whether from fear or rage, Ayden couldn't tell.  He was hot with anger himself as he helplessly watched the elf- sorcerer circle around Sabina like a hawk calculating an attack.  Jared then turned his attention to his captive audience. 
"You keep quite a unique band of company, Sabina.  A siren, a human, a Veela," he said and then paused in front of Volos.  He studied his massive form for a moment, tapping his index finger against his bottom lip.  "I'm not quite sure what this one is, but give me time, I'll figure it out." He released devilish grin. Volos scowled and fought against his restraints.  Jared ignored him and moved on. "Ah, yes," he said as he turned toward Pax. "how could I have forgotten the sorcerer?  If you can call him that." 
Jared's face contorted with disgust.  "You're a disgrace to sorcery, child," he said as he frowned at Pax.  Then, as quickly as his frown had appeared, it was replaced with another slick smile. "Ah, well.  All the better for me then, eh? I won't have to worry about you much will I?"
Ayden's blood boiled as he struggled to break free.
"Stop it!" Sabina screamed.  "You have no business holding them here.  This is between us.  Let them go."
Jared chuckled as he traced a finger against Sabina's cheek. She jerked her head away, glaring at the elf.  "I'm not afraid of you, you know," she said in a deadly whisper that  made Ayden shiver.
For the first time, Jared's face seemed soft and serious. His eyes became tender, almost sorrowful, as he looked into Sabina's.  "I know you're not, Sabina," he said softly.
Sabina wasn't deterred.  "But you're afraid of me, aren't you?" she asked as her lips curled into a dark smile.
Jared's face resumed its haughtiness, and he gave Sabina a smirk.  "I would never be afraid of you, Love."
"Then release me and face me fairly," she challenged.
"That would be impossible.  You want me to find a cure, don't you?"
Ayden's heart sank. Don't listen to him, Sabina! He shouted in his mind.  Why couldn't telepathy by one of his abilities?
When Sabina didn't answer, Jared continued, "I need you to come with me.  As soon as I have what I need, the cure will be easy to produce," Jared spoke casually.
Sabina's eyes were wide as she answered, "Will you let them go if I do?"
Several muffled screams chorused from the trees as Sabina's companions attempted to yell their protests.  Jared's eyes glowed with triumph.  "Of course, whatever you want.  Although, I may ask one of your friends to join us," he said, casting Pax a creepy glance. "I believe you possess something my master greatly desires," he said with a sneer. Then, he walked to the Pax's side and peered toward his back, his face now filled with intrigue. "Something I greatly desire," he whispered.
Before any further explanation could be made, a lone knife flew through the air from nowhere and sank into Jared's leg.  He yelled in pain and turned furiously to face his attacker.  Ayden scanned the area, but saw no one.
Jared raised his hands and chanted some kind of spell as if to draw out his enemy.  Instead of a body appearing, another knife sliced through the air, cutting Jared's arm.  His creepy servant, Devel, suddenly appeared.  "It's him, master!  We must leave!"
Jared's face grew a shade paler as he looked tentatively to the trees.  A tall man appeared wearing a ragged T-shirt and--Ayden had to blink to make sure he was seeing correctly--blue jeans.  The man's messy black hair ruffled in the wind and a smile formed on his stubbly face.  He held up another knife with a black, leather-gloved hand.
How could he have avoided Jared's magic?  Ayden watched excitedly as the man sauntered toward Jared.  The sorcerer attempted to speak boldly as he backed away from the intruder.  "Devlin.  How good to see you again."
Ayden felt Jared's grip loosen as the sorcerer's concentration weakened.
"Good to see you, too, Jared.  Now what could you be up to?" Devlin asked with a smooth voice as he raised an eyebrow and looked around at Jared's captors.  His eyes rested momentarily on Nya, his smugness fading slightly.  Then he turned back to Jared.  "I think you'd better surrender quietly, don't you?" he asked as his pale blue eyes flashed white.  Ayden and Pax were almost free.  Jared wouldn't be able to hold them much longer.
"What I am up to is none of your concern.  I came for this girl and she has agreed to leave with me," Jared said as he placed himself behind Sabina, shielding himself with her body.
"You made this my business as soon as you abducted my sister," Devlin's eyes burned white hot, and the companions fell to the ground.  Everyone lunged at Jared simultaneously, but he and his servant disappeared in a sudden blast of smoke.
"AHHH! He took my knife," Devlin said and then turned to Nya. 
 She ran to him and he lifted her off of the ground, spinning her in a joyful embrace.  She spoke to him in their language after he had placed her back on the ground, "It has been far too long, Devlin!  I've been worried for you."
As Nya quickly introduced everyone, Ayden noticed that she and the other girls had changed from the elvish dresses back into their old clothing.  He then watched Devlin as he shook hands with each of them in turn.  He bore a tattoo of a lightning bolt on his neck, and several small scars shone silver against his contrasting bronze face and arms.  
"Two sorcerers and two sirens--seems like a double amount of trouble to me," Da'ewyn was saying under her breath.  But when Devlin reached out to shake her hand, she seemed suddenly hypnotized.  It was payback time.  Ayden punched the Veela in the arm.  The princess snapped out of her trance and, after scowling at Ayden, smiled at Devlin.  
Strange that he shakes hands--a human custom.  And he wears blue jeans. What's that all about? And he speaks English. Ayden cleared his throat and drew Devlin's attention away from Da'ewyn.  "Forgive me for being nosy, but how is it that Jared's magic had no effect on you?"
Devlin smiled, causing a deep dimple to form in his stubbly cheek.  He looked at Nya and she nodded to him.  "My older sister seems to trust you, so I guess I can too." He pulled a flat, circular object from beneath the collar of his shirt.  It hung from his neck by a thin, leather strap and seemed to shimmer as Devlin touched it.  "It's a special charm, given to me by my grandmother.  As long as I'm wearing it, no magic can touch me.  But Jared doesn't need to know that," Devlin smiled and then tucked the charm safely behind his shirt.  
"My brother, he is a bit of a trouble maker," Nya said as she smiled affectionately.  "But he has a good heart."  Ayden translated as Devlin rolled his eyes.
"How did you find us?" Volos said.  He was studying Devlin with an unwavering stare.
"Completely by accident; I've been hunting sorcerers, just for fun." Pax turned pale and took a step away.  "I didn't realize Jared had met Nya until just now.  A nice coincidence, don't you think?" he asked as he gave his sister a cheesy smile.
"Would it have killed you to wait one more minute?  He was about to take me from here and find a cure!" Sabina yelled.  Her eyes flamed at the newcomer as he turned to face her.
"Sorry, but either you are far too desperate, or you're just plain stupid," he said, scowling.  Nya spoke to him firmly in their language.  He ignored her as he continued to speak to Sabina.  "Jared is out for one person and one person only-Jared; although I hear he's currently in Degus' employ. He wasn't going to find a cure for you.  There is no cure, little vampire.  The sooner you accept that, the better," he said firmly.  Then his face softened.  "But, this is your lucky day.  I was hunting vampires in the Other World before Jared helped me make a change of direction in my life.  His experiments have caused a lot of problems for both worlds. Filthy vampires are seeping into the OW like cockroaches."
Sabina and Nya both glared at Devlin.  "Devlin, watch your words, they sting," Nya reprimanded her brother.
Devlin turned to his sister and they glared at one another for several moments.  Then, he turned to Sabina and said, "Sorry.  I'm afraid my lifestyle has made me a bit rough around the edges.  But I don't lie.  Jared will never help you without your having to sacrifice much more than you already have." He rested his gaze briefly on Pax, then turned again to Sabina.
There was a long, uncomfortable silence as Sabina and Devlin stared each other down.  Devlin was first to move, and walked over to the knife that had sliced Jared's arm, picked it up and said, "Well, can't stand around chatting all day.  I have a sorcerer to catch.  It was nice to meet you all.  Nya," he said and kissed her cheek, "don't be a stranger."
"But, you just got here.  Why don't you come with us?  We could use your?abilities," Da'ewyn blurted.  Ayden looked at her with a raised brow.  "What?" Da'ewyn said heatedly when she noticed his amused expression.
Devlin gave Da'ewyn a wink and said, "Not to worry, petin Vele. I won't wonder far.  Jared has yet to capture his prey.  We will see each other again, that I promise you."  He bowed slightly to the princess and then turned to walk away.  Then, he stopped and turned to look directly at Pax.  The young sorcerer jumped and his eyes widened as Devlin spoke, "Oh, and you, young sorcerer, as long as you are helping to protect my sister and her friends, I will have no need to hunt you.  But if you ever give me reason, I won't hesitate to cut you down." Devlin turned on his heel and strode away into the trees.



Chapter Thirty-One
Goblin Weed


"I apologize for my brother.  He has spent many years in the Other World, hunting magical creatures that have entered there from Shae Vale.  He has learned to be unfeeling," Nya spoke and Ayden translated.
"Maybe so, but he's right, Sabina.  You can't trust Jared," Ayden said.
Sabina remained silent and scowling.
"I don't mean to be unfeeling here, but we need to move on.  We still have a few days of traveling ahead of us," Volos said and then his chocolate eyes rested on Sabina.  "Perhaps in finding the sword, we'll find a cure.  But, until then, you've been given gifts, whether they're to your liking or not.  Use them to your advantage."
Sabina stared after Volos' large form as he turned and walked away.  Endia and the rest of the group followed Volos through the trees.
As they walked, Ayden made certain he was beside Nya.  "Your brother is an interesting character," he said, hoping she'd elaborate on the subject.
Nya smiled and shook her head, "My brother has always been more reckless.  I think my grandmother saw this, and that is why she gave him that charm. She was afraid he'd end up dead far too soon otherwise."
Ayden chuckled, "She was probably right.  What made him decide to spend so much time in the Other World?  Why not be a defender here?"
"I guess because fighting in the Other World was much more challenging, much more exciting for him.  He may seem rough, but he has a soft heart.  Humans can't always stand against the dark magic that comes from our world.  Devlin wished to help them."
"Ow!" Ayden exclaimed as his hand brushed against a thorny bush.  Blood oozed from the cut and Ayden put it to his mouth by reflex.  The irony taste of his blood touched his tongue and he spat into the bushes.
"Son vule sen?"
"Just another scratch to add to my collection.  I'll be alright," Ayden answered Nya's concerned question.  They continued to talk as they walked, each telling stories of their younger days and of their grandmothers' wise advice.  
"We have much in common, Ayden," Nya said as she smiled.
Ayden smiled back, "Yes, I guess we do." His cheeks felt hot against Nya's soft gaze, and he looked bashfully to the ground.
The next day, Ayden's hand had swelled where the thorn had sliced him.  He showed it to Volos.  "What kind of bush was it?" Volos asked.
"I don't know; I didn't really pay attention to it."
Volos searched and found a pale yellow flower.  He plucked it from the ground and handed it to Ayden.  "Ah, shucks! You shouldn't have," Ayden said, teasing his friend.
"Shut up," Volos said as he smiled.  "You know what to do."  Ayden crushed the petals against the cut to sooth the swelling and pain.
Later that day, however, Ayden's body ached and he felt chilled as sweat poured from the top of his head.  "Are you okay, Ayden?  You don't look well," Da'ewyn said as she returned to the group after her patrol.
"I'm fine.  Just keep walking," he didn't want to give anyone any excuses to stop.  They had to keep moving.
Da'ewyn looked unconvinced, but she didn't have time to argue.  She quickly strung an arrow as a rustling in the trees caught her attention.
Devlin sauntered through the trees, smiling broadly.  He raised his hands in mock surrender as he approached.  "Don't shoot!" he said and then laughed.  Everyone lowered their weapons.
"Why didn't I see you before?  I just returned from my patrol," Da'ewyn said in shock.
"I'm just stealthy that way," he said as he winked at the Veela.  Is she blushing? Ayden could hardly believe his eyes.
"I come bearing gifts," Devlin said and he held up a small cage made of dried vines.  Two pixies pounded against the vines as they attempted to escape.  One of them was Nyxia, Volos' messenger.  
Volos took the cage from Devlin. "Where did you find them?" he asked, scowling.
"They've been following you for a while now.  It seemed suspicious, so I brought them in for questioning."
Nyxia ceased her pounding and beamed at Volos. She whistled to him in a haughty fashion.  Volos' eyes became a mixture of sadness and anger as the pixie laughed in his face and declared her loyalty to Degus.  Ayden listened as Nyxia whistled, "But I'm not the only one whose been giving your secrets away." She looked slyly at Volos and Ayden as she and her friend giggled.
Volos lowered the cage, but held on so tightly, the dried vines threatened to crack.  "Well, that's that.  We can no longer trust any messengers," Volos said gruffly.
Ayden breathed in deeply as he forced himself to remain calm.  "How will we know how Freya is, then?  And how can we get news to her of our progress?  What if she doesn't hear from us and fears the worst?  She'll get worse with worry!  And what about another spy?  How are we going to get through without being killed?  Why even bother using the map anymore if everyone knows where we are?"
Volos looked sternly at Ayden as he stuffed the protesting caged pixies into his bag. "Haven't I told you not to dwell on what might happen?  Freya is very wise, and she is not one to ever give up hope.  You can't trust anything Nyxia just said, she's on Degus' side."  Volos' sternness faded as he looked more closely at Ayden.  He rushed over to him and placed his hand on Ayden's forehead.  "You're ill!  You should've told me!"
"We can't stop now, Volos," Ayden said as his body became suddenly weightless.  His stomach tickled, and he felt as if he were floating into the sky.  The sensation was overwhelming, causing him to giggle uncontrollably.  
Volos grabbed Ayden's hand and looked at the cut.  "Goblin weed!" Volos said and Ayden burst out laughing.
"Goblin weed!  That's funny!" he said and laughed again.  Everyone looked at him strangely.
Volos searched around frantically before finding who he needed.  "Pax, the map!"
Pax jumped and gave everyone sidelong glances.  "B-But--" he began, but Volos interrupted him.
"Just bring it out!  We have to get to the fairy realm.  If we don't Ayden will be dead within the hour!"
"Excuse me, but did you say dead?" Ayden asked as his laughter stopped abruptly.  His body suddenly felt like someone had dropped a boulder on his back; a strong chill swept through him.  He looked into Nya's eyes but, for the first time, their softness brought no comfort.  Looking earnestly he pleaded, "Don't let me die!"



Chapter Thirty-Two
The Earth Shepherd


Everyone raced through the forest as fast as Ayden could move.  Sabina and Nya each had one side of him, helping him when he needed support.  One minute, his body felt like it was on fire, and the next, cold as ice.  He went from feeling as light feather and giddy as a school girl, to as heavy as an elephant and gloomy as a storm cloud.  The roller coaster of sensations and emotions weakened him even more.  Sweat poured from him, and Nya had to keep wiping it away from his eyes so he could see.
Ayden hit another giggling fit as he looked to each of the girls at his sides.  "Sorry if I stink, girls.  I just can't quit dripping," he said and then snorted between giggles.
"Can't we just knock him out and carry him?" Da'ewyn said grumpily.
"We have to keep him conscious as long as possible," Volos replied. "This poison is opposite to most-it works faster when the body is immobile."
Devlin, who had taken the lead, stopped suddenly and held up his hand as signal to keep quiet.  They had reached an incline topped with a ridge of dirt and grass that formed a small wall.  Devlin fell to his belly and crawled up the incline and peeked over.  After he'd looked for several seconds, he returned to the group and whispered, "There's a group of some type of man-creatures over that ridge.  I don't recognize their race, and I can't understand what they're saying."
"I can." Ayden said as he raised his hand.  "I can understand any language if I listen long enough," he said as he staggered forward.
Volos put his hand on his chest to stop him.  "You are in no condition.  We'll go around."
"No time, old boy," Ayden said and made his way around Volos and up to the ridge.  Mimicking Devlin, he crawled on his belly and peered over the top.  A group of man-like beings were circled around a fire, eating.  Their faces were similar to a man's, but they barely had a nose and, Ayden noticed as he stifled a laugh, they only had four fingers on each hand--no thumbs.  He recognized them from one of Freya's many descriptions, but couldn't recall their name.  
Da'ewyn sidled up beside him.  "Stop your stupid giggling and concentrate.  Your life depends on it!"
Ayden felt the boulder drop on his shoulders again as fire rushed through his veins.  He closed his eyes, attempting to concentrate.  The creatures' voices trailed up to him.  His mind was getting fuzzy, but he began to understand a few words.
His concentration slipped after only a few minutes.  He slid back down the embankment and relayed what he had heard.  "They're on some type of mission.  They're after?" Ayden tried to think.  He knew they'd said something that caused him alarm, but what was it?
Suddenly, it returned to him.  He felt the boulder lift and he jumped up in triumph and laughed.  "They're after Pax!  They want the map!" he shouted and Da'ewyn slapped her hand over his mouth to quiet him.
Pax turned as pale as Ayden.  "H-How do th-they know?"
Devlin answered, "Who doesn't know? My guess is they're working for Degus."
"She must think the map holds the key to getting a hold on the sword.  It doesn't though.  It only leads us to its location," Volos stated.
"No, no, no!" Ayden piped in, his voice muffled under Da'ewyn's hand.  He pried her fingers apart and continued, "Jared sent them.  I heard his name flying around as they were talking." He waved his hand through the air as he looked at the sky, shooing invisible words away like bothersome insects.
"Well, whoever sent them, we need a plan," Devlin said and everyone began to spout out ideas.  
Finally, Da'ewyn just walked over the ridge.  She didn't pull out her bow and arrow, and everyone scurried after her.  All weapons were drawn as the group approached the top of the ridge.  But Da'ewyn already had the situation under control.  As she hummed an exotic tune, she danced for their enemies; her hips swayed back and forth hypnotically as her delicate feet pranced lightly across the ground.  "Wow, she's pretty good," Ayden said as he stared after her.  He glanced at his companions.  Volos, Pax, and Devlin were staring open-mouthed at the Veela.  They lowered their weapons as the princess' hypnotizing music and movements put them under a spell.  
Ayden giggled and looked back to the group of creatures.  There were only six or seven, and every one of them was mesmerized by the Veela.
"Oh, for Pete's sake!" Sabina said grumpily as she looked at her drooling companions.  Then, she and Nya took what ropes the men had and ran down to where Da'ewyn danced before the enemy.  Quickly, they tied each one, tightening the ropes until they dug into their flesh. The man-things didn't even notice as they continued to stare at the Veela.  When the girls were done, Da'ewyn stopped her song and dance and all the men snapped out of their reverie.
The group struggled against their restraints, surprised that they had been captured.  Da'ewyn smiled down at them smugly.  "Never underestimate a Veela's charm," she said triumphantly.
"Why don't you always capture your enemies that way?" Devlin questioned as he gaped at the princess.
The Veela looked at him with mischief in her eyes. "Because hypnotizing my allies along with my enemies doesn't help me.  Besides, fighting is much more fun."
"They'll need to be taken to Hosgrow," Volos said as he shook his head and forced himself not to look at Da'ewyn.
"I thought Hosgrow was far from here," Ayden said, feeling depressed again.
"Hosgrow is always close to wherever you need it to be," Volos answered.
"I'll take them.  I know exactly where to find it," Devlin offered.
"You can't take them by yourself," Da'ewyn said.
"Don't worry, Petin Vele, I've handled twice as many brutes as this.  I'll manage."
"That's settled then.  Let's move," Volos said as he took Ayden's arm and walked ahead.  The fire in Ayden's blood was becoming unbearable.  He leaned against Volos and would've begun to cry, but walking was taking every ounce of his concentration. 
Finally, they reached a clearing.  The sun peeked from behind rain clouds as the group approached two fae guardians holding large, wavy-bladed swords.  They crossed the swords in front of Volos' chest, forbidding him to pass.
"State your business," one of them commanded.
"I am Volos, friend of Tyran. This is Ayden, grandson of Arion.  He is very ill and will die if you deny us passage," Volos said firmly.
"Grandson?" Da'ewyn and Sabina chimed in unison.
The guardians looked at one another in surprise.  Then, one transformed and flew off in the opposite direction.  Volos waited impatiently as Ayden began again to laugh.  "His face is wiggly!" Ayden said between giggles as he pointed at the remaining guard.  The guard looked silently down his nose at Ayden.
The transformed fae returned and the group was allowed passage.  They reached a gateway made from the joined, twisted branches of two willow trees and passed through.  Another male stood just inside the gate, looking stern.  Volos bowed his head in greeting.  "Arion Greenwillow, I bring to you your grandson, Ayden.  He's been cut by goblin weed and the human blood in his veins has been poisoned," Volos said.
Ayden looked into the fae's face seriously for a moment.  This is my dad's dad?  Then he sniggered through his nose as he once again lost control of his senses.  Concern flashed momentarily in the fae's eyes before he scowled and walked up to Ayden, muttering under his breath, "Thin skinned human!"  He then slammed the bottom of his palm against Ayden's forehead.  He abruptly stopped laughing as a flash of white exploded against his vision, and his body flattened against the ground.  
Just before he lost consciousness, he heard Da'ewyn's voice, "It's about time!"



Chapter Thirty-Three
Falynn Cannilita


Ayden stirred beneath the weeping branches of a willow tree.  Soft voices whispered through the leaves, caressing his thoughts as he woke.  He was lying on a bed made of luxurious leaves and fragrant flower petals; their sweetness wafted in the air as Ayden's body pressed against them.  
"You would have never been close to death if you didn't carry human blood within your veins," a strong voice spoke.  Ayden sat up slowly and looked toward the source.  He tried to remember who the vaguely familiar fae was.  A shadow of a memory crossed his mind-the palm of a hand smashing against his forehead.  But even before that, Volos had said, "I bring you your grandson, Ayden?"
"You're my grandfather," he stated bluntly.
"Yes.  But for many years, was determined not to be," the fae said.  His face, which was tanned and young looking, remained stern; but his eyes were soft and sad.
"Why?" Ayden questioned. 
Arion handed Ayden a beautiful, shiny, green apple and instructed him to eat.  Ayden took a bite and closed his eyes with pure pleasure at the taste of the sweet, succulent fruit.  When he opened his eyes, his grandfather was smiling broadly.
"You've never tasted fruit quite the same, have you?  Well, I suppose I'm to blame for that, as well.  I beg your forgiveness, Ayden.  I've been a stubborn fool far too long. And it nearly cost you your life," Arion spoke and his face resumed a stiffer look.
He explained, "I was furious with your father when he brought his half-human bride to my peaceful world.  I never was fond of humans back then.  I thought they were an evil, corrupt race consumed with selfishness and greed.  I didn't see until many years later that all humans are not the same.  Your grandmother, Freya--though she doesn't know it--helped me to see that."
Ayden swallowed a bit of apple before asking, "Then why did you stay away?  Why haven't I seen you before now?"
Arion lowered his head.  "Because I was full of pride and shame.  Not only did my son marry a half-human, but he shortened his last name from 'Greenwillow' to 'Green' to blend with the human world better. That was quite a blow to my ego.  But, because of that pride, I never had a chance to make amends with your parents.  And I didn't have the courage to face my only grandson." 
Ayden stared into his grandfather's glistening eyes.  They were the exact color of his own, but were wizened with years of experiences.  "Well, I'm here now.  And I don't hold anything against you.  I'm only sorry we didn't meet sooner," Ayden said quietly.
Arion smiled warmly.  "You are your father's son.  So forgiving.  I am glad you are here."
"Me too. How did you heal me?"
"Fairy magic, of course," he said and smiled secretively.
"I'm feeling pretty good.  Could I take a quick look around?"  Ayden asked eagerly.  He wanted to see some of his father's home.  "We can't stay long.  Freya is sick and-"
Quieting Ayden with a raised hand, Arion said,  "I know all about what is going on.  I will give you a quick tour, and then you will rejoin Volos and your friends."
Arion placed his hands on the ground and smiled over at Ayden.  "What are you doing?" Ayden asked nervously as he felt something push against his back.  He leapt up and looked back with shock to see leafy vines receding into the ground. The strange sensation of de?ja? vu struck an uncomfortable chord as Ayden watched the vines disappear under the bed of leaves and flowers.
He turned and looked questioningly at Arion.  "I am an Earth Shepherd.  I can summon any living plant to do my bidding. And I can also cause things to grow and help dying things to be restored," he said as he looked at Ayden knowingly.
"That's how you healed me."
"Yes, that is how I helped to heal you.  A very special berry assisted in the cleansing of your blood," Arion said.
Ayden thought back to his lessons with Freya of different plants used to help rid the blood of poison.  "You used sloe berries, right?  From the black thorn tree?" he asked.
Arion raised his eyebrows.  "You surprise me, Ayden.  Yes, you are correct.  Well done," he stated, looking pleased with his grandson.  Then he continued, "But, I never take from the earth without giving something in return."  Arion reached into his pocket and spread some kind of sparkling seed across the flowering bed.  New flowers sprouted and blossomed over the ones Ayden's body had crushed.  
He turned to Arion.  "So, was my dad able to do what you do?  Could he make plants do whatever he wanted?" Ayden asked eagerly as they began to walk.
"Yes, of course."
"Then, can I do those things, too?  I mean, since I come from a family of Earth Shepherds?"
Arion sighed, "You are only part Earth Shepherd.  You are the first of your kind, Ayden.  I'm not sure if it can be done."
Ayden's heart sank as his eagerness fizzled away.  "But, nothing is impossible," Arion said, giving him a hopeful look.
The two of them walked through a narrow path between two rows of hedges.  Another willow-gate was at the end and they walked through.  As he passed under the arched gateway, Ayden drew in his breath at what he saw. 
Before them lay a vast open garden as large as the elvish city, Andor.  But no hand-made structures could be seen beneath a deep blue sky dotted with cheery rain clouds.  Weeping willows, black thorn bushes, apple trees, nut trees, and other flowering bushes of every type lined pathways and skirted around large, grassy areas.  Fairies danced in circles, holding one another's hands and singing contagiously cheery music.  Their hair and colorful attire fluttered around them as they spun like dandelion seed caught on the wind.  The air sparkled around them and Ayden watched in awe as daisies, pansies, bluebells, and other flowers sprouted and bloomed where their feet touched the grass. 
Other silver fairies danced on circles of stone and Ayden was even more amazed to see white powder floating softly down on them.  "Is that snow?" he asked, mesmerized.  The snow fairies didn't seem chilled as they continued their ritual beneath the small cloud.
"Yes, of course," Arion stated absentmindedly. 
Shimmering winged fairies of every size and color fluttered from one spot to the next as they watered and cared for plants and flowers.  Unicorns, rabbits, and delicate golden deer grazed on lush grass and sweet clover.  Small gnomes, their faces covered with bristly hair, tilled the earth between large and lush patches of vegetables; and dew sparkled on leaves and blades of grass like scattered jewels.  It was the most beautiful and magical place Ayden had ever seen.
"Welcome to Faylinn Cannelita, the Fairy Kingdom Gardens--our home," Arion said as he smiled broadly and stretched his arms toward the gardens.  
The sparkling dew drops on the branches of a weeping willow caught Ayden's attention.  He turned and studied the small glistening orbs of water.  Noticing something strange, he examined them closer. He drew a breath of amazement as he watched the tiniest fairies move inside each droplet.  They seemed to be quite busy, but he couldn't tell exactly what it was they were doing. The droplets rolled along with their movements, sometimes joining with other droplets as the fairies came together.
Suddenly, a cloud uncovered the scorching sun and the droplets began to evaporate.  Horrified, Ayden turned to his grandfather, "We have to do something!  They're all going to die!"  He tried to shade the droplets, but there were too many.
Arion walked calmly to him and gently pulled him away.  "Calm yourself.  A dew fairy's life to them is as long as yours is to you.  They are born the moment the dew is formed and complete their work as the dew evaporates to the sun.  They are happy in their work and in their life."
Arion led him away from the willow.  Ayden stared back at it for a few strides.  It didn't seem right to just walk away.  But in the end he allowed Arion to guide him through another part of Faylinn Cannelita.  "On the other side of the garden is the Crystal River.  It provides most of our water."
Ayden froze, "River?  There's a river here?" he felt a little foolish when his grandfather gave him a quizzical look.  "That's wonderful," he said as he attempted a smile.
The fae stared at his grandson and then grunted. "Poison must still be having some after affects," he said half to himself before leading Ayden past a small stream.  The sight of it made Ayden think of the river close by, and he had to force himself to stay calm.  
Arion led him to an area enclosed by vines and branches.  It felt like a secret hide-away.  He asked Ayden to sit and then turned to face a wall of leafy branches.  Ayden looked around, expecting to find a chair, but all he could see was a giant blue mushroom. As he sat down on it uncertainly, Arion turned around. "Not on that, boy! That's a toad stool!"
Ayden leapt away from the toad stool, and Arion motioned for him to sit on the ground.  So toads are allowed to sit on mushrooms, but we have to sit on the ground? It didn't make much sense to Ayden, but he dutifully obeyed his grandfather.  
"Let me see your sword," Arion said.  Ayden awkwardly stood again and pulled his sword from its resting place and held it out.
The Earth Shepherd scowled,  his face once again rigid.  "This will never do.  How have you gotten this far with such a crude weapon?"  Ayden ignored his insulted feelings as Arion took the sword and placed it on the ground.  He then touched the wall of vines and they opened up to him, revealing a hidden chamber.  Reaching inside, he pulled out a long cherry wood case and placed it at Ayden's feet.  Kneeling, he opened the case carefully as he said, "Now, this is a sword.  Designed by me, and made by a friend with elvish steel.  Once forged, elvish steel is unbreakable," he said as he slid the sword from the case and smiled proudly.
The sword was unlike any Ayden had ever seen.  The blade was silvery-white and seemed almost enflamed with white fire as the light touched it.  The guard between the blade and the hilt carried a design of two silver dragon heads facing each other; spiked flames curled upward behind their heads like fiery wings.  Two more smooth spikes shot out below the dragon heads and pointed out to the side, and two curled downward toward the ribbed, curved hilt.  The hilt widened at the bottom forming a diamond shaped pommel.
Arion rested the sword on his palms and held it out to Ayden.  "For you, my grandson.  May it serve you well."
Ayden tentatively took the sword from his grandfather.  Expecting heaviness, he tightened his muscles in readiness against its weight.  But the dragon blade was virtually weightless.  Ayden took the sword out of the enclosed area and tested it.  It felt as natural as if he'd been using it his entire life.  He chuckled as he swung the sword around, slicing the air with its flaming white blade.  Then, he turned to his beaming grandfather, "Thank you.  You don't know how much this means to me."
"I may have an idea," Arion said, his eyes glistening. 
Ayden looked away and studied the dragons as a thought formed in his mind.  "Arion, my other grandfather also made weapons for me, and he also used the design of silver dragons.  What made you decide to use dragons and not something else?"
Arion looked thoughtful for a moment.  "May I see them?" he asked and Ayden pulled Phantom and Whisper from their cases.  Arion didn't attempt to touch them, but folded his hands behind his back as he learned over to study their design.
"That is quite a coincidence.  Perhaps the future holds a silver dragon for you.  They are said to be good luck."
"Are there really dragons here?" Ayden asked, half afraid and half excited.
"Well of course there are.  What a ridiculous question!  You mean to say that you've never seen a dragon?" Arion asked, amused.
"Well, no.  Not in real life," Ayden answered, embarrassed.
"Well, you're sure to see one or two where you're heading.  Let's just hope Degus hasn't enticed them as she's enticed the pixies.  Foolish creatures, pixies!  That's exactly why they haven't been allowed in the gardens for quite some time. The ones you brought here will be closely monitored, of course."
Arion led Ayden to where his companions were waiting.  They all chatted excitedly about what they had seen.  Volos had also received a new sword, although not as elaborate as Ayden's; and Da'ewyn had been given a fresh set of silver arrows.  Their excited conversation was interrupted by a sudden attack of non-stop chattering.  Ayden turned and was surprised to see Daktari fluttering toward them. 
Daktari rushed to the companions. "Well, I never!  Didn't think I'd see any of you so soon.  So sorry to hear about Freya, poor dear.  I wish I could've helped, but I was needed here too, and, oh you know how hard it is when you're needed in more than one place.  Are you staying long? Have you eaten, you poor dears? You look half starved!"
"Daktari, you're a fairy," Ayden stated the obvious.  Daktari and several smaller fairies that fluttered around her giggled.
"Well of course, dear.  You didn't know? Well of course you didn't, did you?  I kept my wings hidden didn't I?"
Arion pursed his lips and looked at Daktari through narrowed eyelids.  The plump fairy cleared her throat and smiled.  "Well, we must be going--lots of work to do.  You take care, hope to see you soon!" She waved furiously as she fluttered away.
Arion turned to Ayden and the others.  "Now, our messengers--and, yes, they can be trusted--have informed me that Degus has moved away from the area where she believes the sword is hidden. Her focus is on other matters--something about shadow dwellers; doons, to be exact.  She may also be under the impression that you are all lost and has made the mistake of thinking she has time to rest."
"Why would she think that?" Da'ewyn questioned.
He smiled, "A little bird may have told her.  She has her spies, and we have ours. Also, you going off the path might have helped.  But don't be fooled into thinking that she is no longer a threat.  Once you have the sword, for I have faith that you will get it, she will not let you reach her without a fight.  You will have to face many foes before facing her."
"Will you help?" Ayden asked as frogs leapt in his stomach.
"We will do what we can.  We have the garden to protect.  We cannot let Degus steal its magic.  Our sister garden has already been overrun and is dying rapidly; we have had to send many of our people there for assistance," Arion said as his eyes burned.
"Why would she need the magic of the gardens?" Ayden asked, confused.
"She doesn't need it.  But she wants control of it, just as she wants control of everything.  It will fall to complete ruin if she has her way," Arion scowled.  Then, his countenance softened.  "But don't fret for our sakes.  Fae folk have been around for centuries.  We aren't going anywhere," he said.  Then he continued again, "Now you must all go.  Find the sword, and end Degus' evil.  Then return here for a grand celebration!" 
Fear and adventure danced with one another inside of Ayden as he said farewell to his grandfather and left the tranquility of the gardens. 



Chapter Thirty-Four
Always Something


Ayden was sorry to leave the realm of the fairies in such a hurry.  He would have liked to have Arion to teach him how to master branches and vines and other living things of the earth.  
He shook his head, trying focus on the path ahead.  He had to keep his mind clear of anything but their mission.  They were moving at a good pace now, and he didn't want any more surprises deterring them.  
Ayden wasn't granted such a wish. Later that day, they ran into Jared for the second time.  It seemed as if he'd been expecting them; as they approached, he said casually, "Ah, there you are.  Slower than a turtle on a dry day aren't we?  No matter.  You still have something I want."  
Ayden, Volos, and Pax put themselves between Jared and Sabina as they drew their weapons.  "Leave them alone, Jared," Ayden said firmly.  Couldn't they ever get through a day without trouble rearing its ugly head?  
"Very amusing.  As if the three of you were any sort of threat," Jared sneered.  "I am not here for Sabina just yet," he said as he looked straight at Pax.  "Share what you posses with me, and I'll teach you how to become a real sorcerer."
Sabina forced her way between the men.  "You said you'd find a cure!  What are you doing?" she shouted vehemently.
Ignoring her, the elf-sorcerer continued to stare at Pax.  "What do you say?  I know you long to have the control that a great sorcerer has. I could teach you how.  I could even free you of that speech impediment."
Pax gazed into Jared's eyes as if he could see in them a picture of himself becoming a great sorcerer. He took a tentative step forward.  Ayden's stomach turned at the hunger in his friend's eyes.
"Leave him alone," Sabina said in her frighteningly angry sort of whisper. She placed herself firmly in front of Pax so that Jared was forced to look at her.  His eyes seemed to soften slightly.
"What can I do to ease your suffering?" he said quietly.
Sabina grew angrier at the tenderness in his voice.  "I want you to cure me!  I want my life back!  I want to be human again!" she screamed, her cheeks flaming.
Jared's shoulders tensed as he looked at Sabina with sincere sorrow; Ayden began to think the elf actually loved her.  "You know I can't," he whispered. Then he gave Pax another dark look.  "Not yet, anyway."
Sabina looked at Pax in a way that made Ayden's insides tighten.  He could almost hear her mind working; if she helped Jared get the map, he'd get the sword; and if he got the sword, he'd have enough power to cure her. 
Jared seemed to notice the change. Smirking, he took his focus off Sabina and turned to the others.  "I propose a trade.  Give me the lad, and I'll give you- him."  He swung his arm dramatically and pointed to where Devel appeared, holding onto the arm of an unconscious man.  The form flopped to the ground as Devel released the man's arm and disappeared.  Nya screamed and Da'ewyn spat ugly names at Jared when they recognized the fallen man as Nya's brother, Devlin.  
Jared's lips curled as he held up Devlin's charm.  "The boy has a big mouth.  He never should have told you how he was avoiding my magic while I was still near enough to hear him." 
Nya raced forward toward her brother, her eyes burning.  "Uh, uh, uh!" Jared raised his hand and Nya screamed as she was flung backward against a tree.  Her staff flew across the ground out of reach.  Endia flew furiously at the sorcerer, but was quickly petrified and fell to the ground with a sickening thud.  
"NO!" Sabina yelled, but she didn't move.
Da'ewyn shot an arrow and then gasped as it turned into a snake in mid-air and fell to the ground, slithering away into the trees.  Ayden fought with all his strength as he felt his arms pulling to his sides.  He dropped his sword as his arms and body became rigid.  Volos and Da'ewyn were also once again bound by Jared's magic.  Pax stood, not bound by Jared's magic, but by his own fear.
"LEAVE THEM ALONE!" Sabina screeched.  Her previous expression had dramatically changed. Blood rage was coloring her eyes. As she leapt at Jared, her black cloak flung behind her like giant wings. She her bared her elongated teeth; her rage had forced her transformation. 
Jared stepped aside just as she reached him, narrowly avoiding her grasp.  Sabina immediately turned to face him again.  "Don't touch my friends. If you won't cure me, then you will join me!" she hissed and lunged again at Jared.  But she was denied her prey a second time as the cowardly sorcerer disappeared with a blast of gray smoke.  Sabina fell to the rocky earth, screaming with fury.
"NO! NO! NO!" she screamed over and over as she clawed at the stones in frenzy.  Her fingernails cracked against the rocks. The stone was splattered with blood as the rocky earth ripped away her flesh.
Pax leapt forward and dumped his marbles onto the ground.  A horrid silence followed as everyone watched Sabina fall helpless to her weakness. With bloodied, trembling fingers, she picked up one marble after another and counted, her voice a heart-wrenching quaver. 
Ayden's body shook with rage.  "Show yourself you coward!  I know you're still here!"  He struggled against restraints that had not weakened.  Jared hadn't left the area.
With a shimmering of light, Jared re-appeared behind Sabina, out of her visual range.  He stood there, watching her sadly.
Pax shook with a fury that Ayden didn't know his friend was capable of.  His eyes were shadowed by furrowed brows, and veins bulged from his temples. 
Raising his hands, Pax screamed a curse; light shot from the tip of his fingers toward Jared.  Without taking his eyes away from Sabina, Jared flicked his wrist, snuffing out Pax's magic.  
The young sorcerer scowled as he breathed heavily with uncontrolled rage.  He raised his hands and formed a ball of energy between his palms and threw it at Jared; the ball made forceful contact, throwing the older sorcerer to the ground.
"Yes!" Ayden couldn't help shouting.  Jared rose and calmly brushed dust from his shirt.  
"Very good, boy.  Let that rage help you along.  You see?  I am teaching you already.  I can help you-" he stopped short as the wind was knocked out of him by another curse, courtesy of Pax.
Jared rose from the ground a second time, his face now twisted with hate.  "Have it your way, child!  I'll have that map from your back, one way or another, even if I have to peel it from your bones!"  He shot a curse at Pax as Ayden and the others screamed.  The magic hit Pax square in the jaw and sent him flying to the ground.  Jared threw another as Sabina's counting droned on through the commotion.
Pax raised his hands and somehow managed to conjure an invisible shield, blocking another of Jared's curses.  But the effort weakened him and he wasn't able to hold on to it.  He fell to his knees and dropped his arms with exhaustion.  
An evil smile darkened Jared's face as he took steps closer to Pax.  He glanced down at Sabina on the ground beside him before sneering at Pax.  "Pity.  I could've made you great, you know.  I could've made you someone she might actually tolerate!"
Jared's hands raised as their master readied himself to finish the younger sorcerer; his face was shadowed with evil.  Ayden felt helpless as he struggled again to free himself.  If he couldn't break free, he would soon watch his friend die!
Suddenly, Jared yelled in pain and his attention was diverted to Sabina.  She had sunk her teeth deeply into his leg, causing blood to trickle down her chin.  Jared's eyes bulged and his face paled with panic.  "NO!  You idiot!  What have you done?"  He raised his arm and struck Sabina hard against the face with the back of his hand.  She flipped back from the brutal force and landed unconscious to the ground.
"P-petrifia!" Pax weakly shouted the curse.  Jared's body became mildly rigid, but he spoke confidently to his attacker.
"You'll have to do better than that!" He forced his arms upward as if he were breaking through ribbons.  Pax fell back to the ground, drained of energy.  Jared sauntered to the fallen sorcerer and looked down his nose.  "I'll have my map, now," he said with dark calmness.
A knife shot through the air, missing Jared by a hair; it landed on the ground beside Pax.  Jared turned sharply to where Devlin rested against his elbow on the ground.  "I thought I'd taken all of those from you!" he said and forced Devlin to lie flat by use of magic. Devlin groaned as he tried unsuccessfully to resist.  
The elf turned again to murder Pax.  But shock overtook the evil sorcerer as Pax leapt up and thrust Devlin's knife deep into Jared's chest with surprising force.  Energy shot from Jared and through Pax like sick lightning.  He dropped Devlin's charm to grasp frantically at his chest.  "Devel!" he croaked.  "Help me!"
Wisps of ugly black smoke curled around Jared's body, and he was gone.
Pax crumpled to the ground as the others were released from their bonds.  Sabina had regained consciousness and crawled over to the young sorcerer.  Her fangs had receded, but her eyes were still cat-like.  Her fingers were still bloodied, but Ayden watched in amazement as the skin closed around the wounds, healing.  
Sabina lifted Pax's head onto her lap and stroked his hair from his forehead.  Large tears rolled down her cheeks and dropped onto his face.  Ayden knelt and tipped his water pouch to Pax's lips.  He let a few drops trickle into his friend's mouth and then waited. 
The other companions gathered around Pax's form, watching anxiously.  "He really fought well.  I've never seen him so focused," Da'ewyn said quietly.
"He had something to fight for," Volos said as he looked at Sabina.  More tears rolled down her face and she continued to stroke Pax's hair.
"I don't deserve his affection.  I've been so stupid.  Devlin was right; Jared never cared about me more than he cares about himself.  It's all so clear now," Sabina said.  Then she spoke softly to Pax, "You deserve better, Pax.  You are far more admirable than the greatest sorcerer.  Thank you for saving me."  Sabina washed her face clean with her tears and then bent down and kissed Pax softly on the lips.  When she pulled away, Pax's eyes were still closed, but a smile stretched across his mouth.
"Pax?" Ayden leaned closer to his friend.  
Without opening his eyes, Pax smiled broader and whispered, "Y-Ya don't have t-to stop!"
A chorused mixture of cursing and laughter erupted from the group of people surrounding the young sorcerer.  Sabina scolded, "You idiot!  You had us all scared half to death!"  She stood abruptly, letting Pax's head flop to the ground.  Ayden chuckled and helped the young man to stand.
"Th-thank you," Pax said after he gained control of his weak legs.
"Do you think he'll be back?" Sabina questioned, her face still serious.  
Devlin answered, "I don't think we should worry about it much.  Pax gave him a serious blow, and I'm not too certain he'll even survive.  But if he does, he'll think twice before messing with this group again."
"Well, there's still a few hours of daylight left.  We should keep moving. But let's have some food and water before we continue," Volos said.  He seemed slightly agitated and took his time getting out his food.  He chewed it with deliberate slowness.  Pax attacked his food like a starved animal.
"Are you okay, Volos?" Ayden asked between bites of dry bread.
"Yeah.  Just stressed and tired," Volos said as he attempted a smile.
Ayden shoved aside his uncertainty, relying on Volos' word.  Everyone finished their food and rose to make the rest of the day's journey.  Nya tenderly replaced the charm that Jared had dropped around her brother's neck before they left.  "Promise me that you'll be more careful," she said in their language. 
"You don't need to worry, sister.  I can look after myself," Devlin answered softly and he kissed her on the cheek.
As they walked, Ayden watched Sabina and Pax talking with each other.  Pax could finally talk fearlessly to a girl-a vampiress no less.  Ayden couldn't help chuckling. Wonders never cease!
At the end of the day, Devlin was once again making plans to leave the group.  "Stay with us.  You said you've been hunting sorcerers.  Why not help us catch the greatest one of our time?" Ayden offered.
In the end, Devlin was convinced by the pleadings of his sister and new friends to 'tag along'.  "Sounds like fun!" he finally said and joined Nya on first patrol around their camp before dinner.
Da'ewyn sauntered over to Ayden and looked down her pert little nose at him.  He sighed heavily as he raised his eyes to meet hers.  "Don't you think we've done enough fighting lately?"
Da'ewyn knelt beside him, her expression serious.  Ayden sobered, looking to her with a raised brow.  "I want to give you something," Da'ewyn said nervously.  She was acting strangely.
Ayden shifted uncomfortably and cleared his throat.  Thinking the Veela wanted to kiss him, he stupidly replied, "Look, Da'ewyn, I don't really feel that way about you.  Besides, I thought you kind of liked Devlin."
Da'ewyn glared.  "You are such a stupid human!  Even for only being part human.  I'm not giving you anything like that," she said, and then her face softened again as she pulled a narrow leather belt from her pouch.  Elaborate carvings, similar to the ones on her quiver, decorated the high-quality leather; and small leather straps were staggered evenly around the belt that held shiny black daggers made from Razr bird feathers.
Da'ewyn offered it to Ayden and said proudly, "I made this for you.  It is the type of gift a Veela would give to a treasured brother.  I mean, all brothers are treasured in my race, but this type of gift would be for an especially treasured brother.  And, since I was not gifted with a brother by blood, I wish to have you as my adopted brother, if you will accept." She looked at Ayden anxiously, her ice-blue eyes shining.



Chapter Thirty-Five
Volos' Haunting Past


Ayden was shocked.  He would never in a million years have expected so wonderful a gift-especially from Da'ewyn.  Looking at the Veela, he said, "I would be honored to be your brother.  I've never had a sister, but I couldn't ask for a better one than you, Da'ewyn." He graciously accepted the gift.  
They beamed at each other for several minutes until Da'ewyn said eagerly, "Well, try it on!"
Ayden stood and wrapped the belt around his waist.  It was narrow enough not to interfere with his other weapons, and light enough not to feel cumbersome.  All in all, it was a perfect fit.  "It's a great treasure. Thank you."  Then, for the first time in the history of Shae Vale, Veela and human hugged.  
"You're welcome," Da'ewyn said and then lightly pranced away.
The next morning, Ayden and Volos came to Pax for another look at the map.  But when Pax gave the command to reveal it, nothing happened.  He tried twice more and then turned to face his companions.  "I-It's gone," he said as a sadly as if he'd lost a body member.
"What do you mean, it's gone? How can it be gone?" Ayden asked frantically.
"Because we don't need it," Volos said soberly.
Ayden and Pax stared at Volos' expressionless face.  Volos said, "I know where to go from here.  We don't need the map anymore."
"Volos?" Ayden said as Volos turned away, scowling.  Ayden didn't think pressing him was a good idea.  But he knew he'd have to try to get Volos to talk to him sooner or later.  They were getting much too close to the sword for anyone to be keeping secrets.
Plump raindrops pelted down on the travelers from a dark, lifeless cloud as Ayden contemplated how to approach his mentor.  He covered his head with the hood of his cloak and walked on.  Endia, on the other hand, sang out cheerfully as she ruffled and washed her feathers in the falling water.
Volos led the group silently in a slow and steady pace. Ayden was impatient.  They had no idea what condition Freya was in at this point, and he wanted to get on with finding the sword.  The longer they took, the more chance Freya would?  
He shivered against his thoughts and the cold as he clutched his cloak closer to his body.
Ayden watched Volos approach the top of a steep hill, expecting him to disappear over the edge ahead of them.  Instead, he stopped abruptly.  No one made a sound as they joined him at his position, mortified at what they saw.
 A black nightmare stretched before them in all directions. Every tree for as far as they could see had been burned, their charred trunks jutting from the ground like severed limbs.  And, much to everyone's horror, several blackened forms of animals, twisted as if captured by a blaze too fast to outrun, littered the area.  The repugnant stench of burned and rotting flesh filled the damp air.
"What has happened here?" Nya whispered in her tongue. Her teary eyes were filled with dark amazement.
No one spoke for a long while.  Then Volos, shaking with rage, choked out, "This is the work of Degus.  It has to be.  No one else in Shae Vale would dare burn down the trees or so mercilessly kill creatures of the forest!"
"Why would she do this?  What purpose could it possibly serve?" Ayden asked, forcing himself not to gag.
Volos looked straight ahead as he replied, "Because she knew we would need to cross here to get to the sword.  She wants us in the open.  And she didn't want the fairies using the trees to communicate."
Ayden's mind glimpsed the memory of the wind whispering in the willow when he'd woken at Faylinn Cannelita, and Freya's stories of the fairies using the wind in the trees to send messages to one another.  "They actually do that?"  He shook his head and focused on the moment at hand. "But what about what Arion said about her thinking we were lost?"
"I'm sure she did this before she got that message.  This was burned a while ago.  In any case, we have no choice but to walk through.  Straight ahead is our quickest path, and the sooner we get there, the better!" Volos growled and lunged forward in a heated walk.  Whatever he'd been resisting until then was momentarily forgotten in his rage over what Degus had done.
Ayden and the others followed, walking as fast as they could and even running at times.  Ayden tried not to look at the charred remains of the animals as they passed their pitiful forms.  The black ash and dust had turned into a grotesque slop from the rain, making it difficult not to slip. 
They trudged on through the nightmare for the rest of the day.  They were still in it as the sun began to set.
"We can't stop and camp in this," Da'ewyn shouted from the back of the trail.  The rain had not subsided and everyone was soaked to the bone.  Da'ewyn's skimpy clothing was offering little protection, so Ayden removed his cloak and wrapped it around her shivering form.
"We won't stay here.  Keep going!" Volos shouted and everyone wearily continued.  
Two hours had passed since the sky had grown dark when Volos finally yelled excitedly, "I think we've made it!  I see trees ahead!"  The group found energy they didn't know they had as they raced toward the forest.  When they reached the trees, Pax hugged and kissed one of them with jubilation. The rain had become a light mist, and Pax struggled to light a fire.  It took him awhile as his hands and the wood were both cold and soaked, but he eventually managed to create a warm and welcome blaze.
Sabina asked through chattering teeth, "Do you think this is wise-having this huge fire so close to the sword where Degus will have someone watching?" 
"Well, we wouldn't be much use if we all got sick, would we?" Da'ewyn stated as she huddled close to the soothing flames.  Everyone stayed close to the fire until their clothes and bodies were dry.  Da'ewyn handed Ayden's cloak back to him with much appreciation.  Then, they all ate and drank greedily, filling their bellies until they became sleepy.
When they awoke the next morning, Da'ewyn commented, "I don't like this.  We should've run into some trouble by now.  How could we get through such a big, open area all day and have a big blazing fire all night without being spotted?"
Volos looked around the area as if expecting to see something or someone.  "I don't know.  Let's just get moving before we are spotted."
Devlin and Da'ewyn took turns patrolling the area around the moving companions as they walked.  A tentative silence surrounded them as they all felt the seriousness of their situation.  They were getting close to the location of the sword; and Ayden knew that whatever it was that Volos feared was getting closer, too.  His giant friend walked stiffly, his jaw muscle bulging as he clenched his teeth.  His eyes and head were in constant motion as he surveyed every inch of the area around them. 
The air hummed with silence and tension as the companions nibbled at their lunch that day.  Ayden guessed the others had about as much appetite as he did, which was none at all.  No one really took a rest, either. Even though they had stopped, each paced and checked weapons and re-arranged supplies.  "Let's go," Volos said shortly.  It had only been a few minutes, but everyone leapt into action as they followed Volos through the trees.
After several more hours of tense silence, Volos came to a halt at the edge of the forest.  The trees formed a wall from which the companions emerged to face?
Ayden gasped and nearly ran back to the trees.  About a half a mile ahead were two tall trees.  They were twisted and blackened as if burned, and their spiny branches reached toward each other but did not touch, denying one another comfort. No visible wall accompanied the gate.  Behind the gate lay a long, dark river accented by a small, colorless mountain range.  A lone figure stood in front of the gate.
Volos was breathing as rapidly as Ayden.  But Ayden knew Volos had no fear of rivers.  So, what was his problem? Was it the figure he feared?  
"That river was not on the map-neither was that gate," Da'ewyn stated.
Volos took a deep and long breath and then turned to his companions.  "That gate was placed there for me.  We will not get to the sword until I can get us past the gate," he said.
"I don't understand," Ayden replied as he gladly turned away from the river to look at his friend.
Volos quickly explained, his words quick and choppy, "That figure guarding the gate was once to be my bride." Everyone gaped at him as he continued, "We were spies for our people.  We stole a treasure-one from a group of Degus' spies.  We were to use the treasure to fund more weapons.  We needed more to fight as Degus' minions were invading our land, spoiling and killing.  Plus, she was enslaving us, forcing our people to guard her own stolen lands and treasures.  But we were caught.  They surrounded us.  I escaped," his eyes glossed over as he looked into his vivid past. 
"I escaped, and I did not turn back to save her.  She was left to take blame alone.  I was utterly shamed.  I became a renegade, stealing from and killing as many of Degus' people as I could find, thinking that it would forgive my crime.  But it only added to my misery.
"I sought Palmaero and Aclippa," Volos paused.
Ayden's heart jumped. "There is one among your friends who is not ready to face me?"  Palmaero had been speaking of Volos!
"I sought the touch of Palmaero's horn-my crimes, my selfishness, would cause his touch to bring death to me.  I wanted to die." Volos lowered his head, ashamed.
"Instead, Aclippa found me.  Her touch was a curse-to live with my pain until I repented and found forgiveness from the one I had betrayed.  I went to my people," he looked directly at Ayden, "the Nagas.  But they shunned me; word of what I had done had spread quickly, and our entire race was labeled as traitors."
'Nagas: guardians of great treasure'.  How could he not tell me this before?  How could I not see it? Ayden wondered. His narrowed pupils should've been a clue. Volos' race had, indeed, been branded untrustworthy, but Ayden had no idea that Volos was the cause.  He understood now why his friend had been so adamant over Skeezicks at the bar in Lostar that day, and why he'd been so secretive about his past.
"After that I turned myself in at Hosgrow.  And, as much as they helped me, I still couldn't face her.  So I became a defender hoping that, somehow, I could make up for all I'd done."
You could've heard a pine needle drop in the silence that followed Volos' tale.  No one seemed to know what to say or how to help.  He angrily wiped his face dry and then turned to Ayden.  "I will now have to face my past.  And, if I can get us through that gate, Ayden, you will have to face your fear."
Ayden gulped as Da'ewyn asked, "Fear? What fear? What is he afraid of?"
A shiver coursed through Ayden's body as he looked past the gate at the river.
"He's afraid of the river," Devlin said as he followed Ayden's gaze.  Ayden couldn't look at anyone.  He couldn't bear to see their questioning eyes or their amused smirks.
"He lost his parents by a river," Sabina said softly with understanding.  Ayden turned and saw that none of his friends were smirking or looking at him strangely.
Nya spoke, "We will be here, for both of you.  You are not alone."
Devlin translated for her to Volos as Ayden suddenly realized what drew him to the siren.  Her hope and comfort reminded him of Freya. "Thank you," he said and attempted a smile.  Instead, he gulped as he choked back tears and nerves.



Chapter Thirty-Six
Facing Fears


Volos took a determined breath and headed for the gate.  The others followed, ready to help their friend any way they could.  Ayden took deep breaths, attempting to stifle nausea, as they came nearer to the river with every step.  Nya walked beside him and took his hand. He grasped it tightly, drawing comfort from her touch.
As they approached the gate, a woman as tall as Volos stood holding a heavy looking weapon that reminded Ayden of a scythe.  But the blade was much narrower and curved more sharply toward the handle.  Small animal skulls dangled from the handle, hung by long strands of dried grass.
The woman was dressed as a warrior.  Her legs and arms were covered with brass, and her chest was covered with elvish steel.  Her short, black hair spiked out from underneath a small helmet, also made from elvish steel.  Her features were feminine, but hard, as one who had suffered many things in many years.  Her haunted eyes widened with disbelief as Volos approached.  As he drew nearer, they flamed with bitterness.
The guardian set herself firmly in front of the gate and waited, breathing heavily and frowning fiercely at the man approaching.  "No one passes!  No one passes unless they can defeat me!" she said in a loud, strong voice.  
"She speaks English," Ayden said.
"No, she speaks as a siren," Devlin replied.  He and Ayden looked at each other and then back to the guardian.
Volos fell to his knees in front of her and bowed low until his head nearly touched the ground at her feet.  "I do not wish to fight you, Keena.  Only to beg your forgiveness," Volos said in nearly a whisper as his body shivered before her.
No one moved while Keena stared down at Volos' penitent form.  The guardian made no movement and spoke no words for a long while.  Volos remained bowed before her, waiting patiently.  Ayden guessed he would've waited for all of eternity for her forgiveness.
Finally, Keena looked up.  Except for the moistness of her eyes, her face held no emotion.  Speaking firmly, but a little more softly than the first time, she repeated, "No one passes unless they defeat me."
Volos raised his head and very slowly stood.  They stared into one another's eyes until Volos finally spoke.  "Is there no other way?"
The guardian studied Volos' face.  "There is one way.  But it would mean great sacrifice for the one who took it."
Ayden looked back and forth at the two figures as they studied each other for another long period.  He didn't like the way this was going.
"I will do it," Volos said quietly.
"You do understand what this means?" Keena asked, her eyes wide with shock.
"I do."
"What are you doing, Volos?  We can find another way?" Ayden's strained voice trailed away as Volos stood and he and Keena pressed their hands against each other and closed their eyes.  A strange energy emanated from their bodies as they slowly melded together.  Their forms were strangely blurred for a moment, and when they began to focus, Keena and Volos had traded places.  Volos now stood at the gate wearing armor and holding the strange weapon; and Keena stood with the companions, wearing Volos' oversized clothes and carrying his weapons.
Everyone stood in shocked silence until Ayden found his voice. "NO!  What are you doing?  Volos, you can't do this!" he screamed frantically as Nya held him back from rushing at Volos.
Keena turned to look around her, oblivious to Ayden's cries.  Her features were softer, and she smiled joyfully as she breathed in deeply.  "I can smell the sweetness of the air again!"  She grabbed Volos' water pouch that was now on her waist and drank deeply. Tears rolled from her eyes as she whispered, "I never thought I would taste again, or see the world as it really is.  It is so beautiful!" she stated as she looked around her another time.
"What have you done to Volos?" Ayden said with clenched fists and teeth.  Volos' eyes seemed distant and his countenance was hardened.  He stood like a statue in front of the gate, not moving and not looking at anyone.
Keena turned toward Volos.  Her newly found joy evaporated slightly as she looked at his face.  "He has made an enormous sacrifice.  I was bound by Degus for my crimes to guard this gate.  All joy was taken from me.  I could not smell or taste; my thoughts and emotions were dark and consumed with bitterness against the one who had betrayed me.  The only way to be freed from my prison was to be defeated--or to have my betrayer take my place," Keena finished softly.  "All these years, I never believed he would return."
Ayden tried to stay calm as he asked, "And what about his plea?  You aren't the only one who suffered all of these years.  He's been tortured by his own guilt.  Did he make this sacrifice only to have you turn and walk away?"
Keena looked to him with sad eyes and then turned to Volos.  She walked carefully until she stood in front of him and looked into his eyes.  "I know you can hear me.  And, yes, I can now forgive you."  Volos' stern eyes welled with tears, but his face remained emotionless.  Keena turned to Ayden and his companions.  "But my forgiveness will not free him.  He will not be free until someone fights and defeats him," she said as she looked piercingly into Ayden's eyes.
Ayden shook his head slowly as his heart pounded against his chest.  "No.  No way.  I will not fight him!  There has to be another way!"  He looked to his friends with panic.  How could he fight and possibly kill the one man who he considered to be his brother?
Devlin walked toward the area beside the gate.  "Why can't we just walk around it?  There's no wall."  He strode purposefully toward the open area next to the gate.  A loud smack sounded as Devlin's body smashed into an invisible barrier. He fell backward to the ground with a grunt.  
Da'ewyn ran to him, shaking her head.  "And I thought humans were stupid.  Did you really think they would have a gate without a barrier beside it?" she asked as she helped Devlin to stand.  He shook his head and brushed off his clothes. 
"Well, it was worth a shot," he said as his cheeks flushed.
Keena continued to gaze into Ayden's eyes as she said, "Nothing can get past the gate.  Not even magic.  Fighting Volos is the only way.  And the one who knows him the best must be the one who fights him.  Otherwise, your chance of defeating him is small, to say the least." 
Ayden stared back at her as his mind raced, trying to find any other way to get past this mountain.  I don't want to fight Volos.  Especially when a river is reward for defeating my brother!  
At that moment, a small fairy appeared and transformed to human size before them.  She was breathing heavily as if she'd just flown a long distance.  She bowed slightly and then relayed a horrifying message.  "We have just received word that Degus is returning to the area where she believes the sword to be hidden.  Our sources say that she has found a way to reach the sword.  She will arrive at her destination in a day's time.  You must get there before she does or all hope is lost!  Degus' power combined with the sword's power will make her invincible.  Please, hurry!"
Ayden tried to swallow, but his throat had tensed too much and it stuck. The fairy hadn't told him much that he didn't already know, but the sudden urgency was overwhelming.
Da'ewyn thanked the fairy, who had to leave hastily to deliver other messages.  Then she grabbed Ayden by the shoulders and said earnestly, "Ayden, you have no choice.  You have to fight Volos.  You are the only one who can defeat him--you've trained with him for years.  You know his every move." 
Ayden felt like he was in the middle of one of his nightmares.  This can't be happening! He looked to each of his friends, hoping that somehow, some way, one of them would have a brilliant idea of how to avoid this horror.  All eyes were full of tragedy and sympathy, but no one spoke a word.
Finally, Ayden walked shakily until he was face to face with Volos.  He stared into his large friend's steady eyes as his body shook uncontrollably.  "Keena has forgiven you.  But I swear to you, if you die by my hand today, I will hunt you down in death and kill you again for making me do this!" he said in a strained whisper as pain and fury attacked his heart with full force.  He then closed his eyes and breathed deeply, attempting to calm his nerves.  He tried to meditate and think of all that Freya and Volos had ever taught him.  But his mind could not grab hold of anything good as the inevitable task loomed before him.
Ayden opened his eyes and slowly drew the dragon blade from its sheath. He held the brilliant sword in front of his face with his eyes set firmly on the man before him; Volos stood at a stance, ready for Ayden's attack. 



Chapter Thirty-Seven
Deathly Duel


Ayden and Volos stood immobile, eyeing one another.  Volos' face carried no emotion, and Ayden could read nothing in his dark eyes.  They'd practiced together so many times before, and yet this was so different; Volos did not carry his sword or daggers, and he was under a curse that would force him to protect the gate at any cost.
Slowly, the two men circled one another, just as they'd done many times in the past.  Ayden carefully placed one foot over the other as he continued to hold the dragon blade erect, ready for any move that Volos might make.
Suddenly, Volos growled and swung his heavy weapon toward Ayden's neck.  Ayden counter-acted by slicing his sword through the air and crashing it against the larger weapon.  Volos drew close enough to thump Ayden in the jaw with his elbow, sending the younger man to the ground.  
Ayden shook his head and leapt up before Volos had a chance to approach.  They circled each other again, studying each other's eyes and movements.  Ayden swung his blade, attempting to hit Volos in the arm, but his larger companion was as quick as he; Volos knocked Ayden's blade aside and then whacked the youth in the face with the hilt of his weapon.  Ayden once again flew to the ground, his body racked with pain as it hit the earth. 
"Stop playing around and fight him, Ayden!" Da'ewyn coached from the background.  
"Who's playing?" Ayden grumbled as he scrambled to his feet.  He felt a bruise forming across his cheek bone where Volos' weapon had made contact.  Ayden searched his brain, trying to think of Volos' weaknesses.  He'd never thought about this so seriously--he'd always known before that their sparring would end happily, so he'd never worried about it.  Now, though, his life and Volos'--not to mention the fate of Shae Vale--depended on how well Ayden knew his greatest friend.
Volos raised his weapon, and Ayden readied his sword.  But, instead of swinging, Volos suddenly let go of his weapon with one hand and proceeded to punch Ayden square in the face.  For the third time, Ayden landed with a jarring thud.  Stars danced in his eyes as his brain throbbed against his skull.
"Get up!  Ayden get up, he's coming!" Sabina screeched.  Ayden forced himself to stand, shaking his head in attempt to focus.  
He tried several more times to attack Volos, using the very moves that the larger man had taught him.  I had to fight him 'cause I know him best.  The problem is he knows me even better!  The men fought for several more minutes, neither able to overpower the other.  Ayden used his smaller form and quicker reflexes, and Volos used his years of experience and brute strength.  They were both sweating and breathing heavily.
Ayden caught a glimpse of Keena from the corner of his eye.  She might be a weakness for Volos.  "Volos, your true love is watching.  You wouldn't want her to see you hurt an innocent young man, would you?" Ayden taunted.
Volos' brows furrowed as he thrust his weapon at Ayden's torso.  Ayden leapt aside, but not quite quickly enough; the sharp blade sliced through his side.  Ayden's yell was accompanied by screams from his companions. Blood trickled from the open wound.  Okay, bad idea! Ignoring the pain, he turned to face Volos again.
Volos' face remained hardened, but there was something in his eyes that hadn't been there before.  He was no longer looking into Ayden's face, but was focused on the gaping wound in his side.  His eyes seemed softer, almost concerned.  Could it be that I am his greatest weakness?  He played with the idea as Volos returned his focus to Ayden's eyes.
The weapons crashed into one another yet again, and this time Ayden was able to thrust his knee forcefully into Volos' gut.  Volos grunted and staggered back.  Ayden felt as if his knee had cracked like an egg against his friend's rock-like muscles, and he limped as he continued to pace in front of his friend.  Again, Volos' eyes seemed softer, and Ayden understood what he needed to do.
They fought a long while, Ayden allowing Volos to hurt him every time they made contact.  Volos seemed to be fighting less fiercely, but the pain Ayden felt with every blow was weakening him as well.  Finally, Volos threw a hard punch and Ayden's limp body fell on the ground for the last time to the horrified screams of his companions.  He could see Keena holding Pax and Nya back as they fought to race to his aid.
Ayden turned his attention to Volos' husky form as the larger man approached his fallen victim.  He looked down at Ayden with sad eyes as he raised his weapon.  Between labored breaths, Ayden spoke, "Before--you kill me, I just--want you to know--I forgive you.  And--I love you, Volos!"
Volos froze with the weapon raised above his head at Ayden's words. This is my chance!  Ayden thrust the dragon blade upward and watched with horror as it extended from his own hand and sank deeply into Volos' chest.  Volos' eyes held shock as he let his weapon fall to the ground behind him.  Slowly he dropped to his knees with a sickening thud.  The barrier shimmered beside them and the gate faded away.
With great effort, Ayden withdrew his sword and flung it away as if it were a poisonous snake.  Volos fell face first to the earth and was still.  
Ayden cried out, trying with all his might to roll Volos onto his back.  He glanced over to his stunned companions and screamed frantically, "Help!  Help me!"  Hot tears stung at the cuts and bruises on his face as everyone raced to help Ayden turn Volos onto his back.  The large man groaned as his body turned.  He's still alive!
Once Volos faced the sky, Ayden pressed his hands against the open wound in his chest, attempting to stop the gushing blood.  Keena silently held Volos' head and Nya rested a gentle hand on Ayden's shoulder.  "Don't you dare die!" Ayden pleaded between gritted teeth.  
Volos slowly opened his eyes and focused on Ayden.  He raised a hand and grasped Ayden's arm.  In a quiet voice he said, "Well done, Ayden."  His eyes rolled back as his hand went limp; and then he lay motionless.
Ayden frantically looked around until his eyes rested on Keena.  "Curatree sap!  Keena, you have some with you!  Volos was carrying curatree sap from the elf city!"
Keena stood in confusion while Da'ewyn rushed over and dug through her pockets and bags.  Finally, the Veela produced a glass vile filled with lime-green liquid.  She pulled out the cork with her teeth and Ayden removed his hands, allowing Da'ewyn to pour the precious liquid into the opening in Volos' chest.
Ayden stared at his shaking hands covered in Volos' blood. How could I have done this? He was frantic at the thought of Volos dying because of him. His body was so numb that he was barely aware of Nya's arms hugging his shoulders tightly as they all watched and waited.
Time moves so slowly when waiting for something important.  Everyone held their breath as the seconds ticked away on in turtle-time.  Ever so slowly, Volos' wound closed until all that was evident of its existence was the pool blood left on his chest.  He moaned and then coughed as his eyelids fluttered.  Ayden finally let out the breath that he'd been holding and drew in a deep shot of fresh air.  Everyone backed away slightly as Volos slowly lifted the upper half of his body to sit.  
Ayden and Volos gazed into one another's eyes, and then suddenly grabbed each other, embracing fiercely.  Ayden didn't attempt to control his sobbing, nor was he ashamed to have everyone see his show of affection.
Finally, they parted and Volos held Ayden's wet face in his hands.  His cheeks were also streaked with tears, but he chuckled with his deep voice as he smiled at Ayden.  "I always knew you'd get better than me!  I'm glad you didn't have to kill yourself to come hunt me down in death."  He and Ayden laughed as the heaviness of what had happened evaporated.  
The others helped them to stand, and Volos was smothered with hugs from relieved companions.  Finally, Keena came before him.  "Never again, Keena.  Never again will I betray you, I promise you that.  I love you," Volos said to her softly.
Keena smiled through her tears, "And I love you."  They kissed for a long while until Devlin cleared his throat, interrupting the awkward moment. 
"Uh, I hate to break this up, but we still have a deadline.  Degus is on her way to the sword, remember?"
Ayden's heart dropped to his feet.  He'd been so overjoyed that Volos hadn't died by his hand that he'd forgotten about the river.  His heart pounded and everyone drew their weapons as a figure materialized between them and the rushing water.  Slowly, the ghostly form of a woman with glowing eyes appeared.
"I-It's h-har!" Pax shouted as he pointed. "F-From the s-s-stone.  She's th-the one f-from the s-stone!"
The form of the enchantress shimmered before them.  She did not move her mouth, but Ayden could hear her words as clearly as if she were speaking aloud.  "Ayden, you and your companions have traveled far and overcome many obstacles.  Now, you must do as Volos foretold and face your greatest fear."
Ayden stared at her for a moment and then asked, "Why?  Why does it have to be me?"
The enchantress smiled softly and answered, "Because you are the heir to the secret of the sword.  You have the power to tame that which guards it."
"What do you mean? What guards it?"
The enchantress smiled again and, ignoring Ayden's question, spoke, "You must swim into the depths of the river.  It will lead you to an underground stream that ends in a vast cave.  This cave is hidden by a pool that rests beneath a waterfall.  You must retrieve the sword--but when you do, the pool will wash into the cave and you will have to swim against it to reach the waterfall.  Your companions will be waiting for you there."  
Ayden's insides trembled at her words.  SWIM INTO THE RIVER?  His mind raced, and he grasped onto a small false hope as he asked, "If I'm the only one who can tame whatever guards the sword, what's the hurry?  Degus won't be able to get it anyway."
"I said you had the power to tame that which guards the sword.  I did not say you were the only one with this power.  Degus is very cunning.  And, she has found another entrance to the cave.  You must make haste or all will be lost.  I will call a helper for you, to guide you through the river."
The enchantress turned and floated toward the water.  Ayden's feet felt like bricks as he picked up his sword and followed with his companions at his side.  Nya once again grasped Ayden's hand tightly, reminding him that she was with him.
As the group approached the water, the enchantress raised a hand silently.  Suddenly, a figure leapt out of the water, nearly causing Ayden heart failure.  For a moment his fears seemed to be taking shape until he realized that the figure was a mermaid.  As she flipped and twisted through the air, her tail fins split in two, transforming into a pair of scale-covered legs. "Whoa!" Pax whispered as the mermaid landed gracefully on the shore of the river and bowed to the enchantress.
The enchantress nodded and turned to the group.  "This is Theska.  She will be your guide through the river, Ayden."
The mermaid's soaked, black hair trailed down her back past her gently curved waist.  Shimmering aqua colored scales covered her body from her chest down to her toes and spiked arm guards covered her forearms. Large, clear eyes looked at him as she blinked with an inner eyelid like a fish's. She bowed slightly toward Ayden. Ayden bowed in return.
"Wait a minute.  What about the lake?  The map showed a large lake and Pax saw you dive into it," Ayden questioned.
The enchantress smiled again and spoke those frustrating words, "All in good time."  Then, she shimmered and vanished before their eyes, leaving them to face the mermaid and the river.



Chapter Thirty-Eight
Whispers in the Water


Ayden became light headed as he started hyperventilating.  Volos walked beside him and forced the younger man to look into his eyes. He took Ayden's sword from his hands and forced it into its sheath as he said, "You can do this.  This is no more than another adversary that you must fight and defeat."
Ayden shook his head slowly, "I don't think I can, Volos.  I look at the river and I feel like the whole world turns upside down.  Besides," he added as an encouraging thought struck him, "how will I be able to hold my breath long enough?  I can't breathe under water."
Volos gave a wide smile that made Ayden slightly uncomfortable.  Keena walked up beside Volos and she, too, smiled broadly.  "I really don't see what there is to be so happy about!" Ayden said irritably. 
Volos chuckled and answered, "You aren't the only one with special abilities.  Our race is given the power to give special, short-term gifts.  I will give you a gift that will enable you to breath under water and swim as strongly as Theska."
Ayden finally came to accept the fact that there was no way for him to get out of this predicament.  He breathed in several deep breaths as he looked again toward the river where Theska waited patiently.  His friends gathered around him, each giving words of encouragement.  His own voice sounded distant to him as he thanked everyone and slowly walked toward the water.  He took three steps and abruptly stopped.  
Sweat poured over his skin and every bruise and cut on his body throbbed with every beat of his furious heart. 
Nya's soft touch found its way into Ayden's frenzied mind.  She held his hand and smiled gently.  Endia sang a soothing song from her master's shoulder as Ayden stared into Nya's eyes.  His anxiousness began to dissolve as he lost himself in their soft lavender color.  With his heart hammering for different reasons, he drew himself closer to her body.  The world slowly fizzled away until nothing else existed but Nya.  Endia's haunting song continued to caress Ayden's mind as he looked at the siren's face that had somehow become more beautiful than any other face he'd ever gazed upon.  
Nya lifted her other hand and placed it gently on Ayden's cheek, causing a rush of heat to course through his skin.  Their faces were close enough for them to feel each other's breath.  They drew even closer until their lips were nearly touching.  Then, the retched nightmare rushed cruelly back as Nya pulled away.  "You will not be alone," she whispered.  She lingered a moment as if she were reluctant to move, but then she slowly turned to rejoin the others who waited behind them.
Ayden gagged on his own spit as he forced himself to turn from Nya's retreating form and gaped at the monster river before him.  Why did it have to be a river?  Mustering every ounce of courage he could find, he slowly made his way to the shore.  Ghostly voices accompanied the rush of blood in his ears.  He knew he was going to hurl any minute.  He took a deep breath and looked toward the sky--away from the water.  Volos approached and took Ayden by the shoulders, turning his body toward him.
"It is time.  Are you ready?" Volos asked.  His smile had vanished and his eyes brimmed with concern.  
Ayden took several deep breaths, attempting to calm himself.  I have to do this for Freya. Thinking of Freya gave him a little extra courage, but he still felt as if he were about to hyperventilate as he nodded slowly to Volos.  
Ayden screamed as Volos suddenly grabbed his face and brought it close to his as if he were about to kiss him.  Volos squeezed Ayden's cheeks with his large fingers, forcing his mouth to open.  The larger man stopped several inches away from Ayden's lips and breathed gently into his mouth.  
Ayden was grateful he didn't have time to think about what his friend had just done.  As soon as Volos pulled away, Ayden felt as if the air was being vacuumed from his lungs.  He gasped for breath as he watched Theska leap high into the air, twisting and flipping until her tail fins re-appeared and she dove into the water.  
"GO!" Volos yelled.  "You can't breathe above the water--get into the river before you suffocate!"
Ayden had no choice.  His instinct to survive overrode his fear of the river and he tripped and flopped clumsily into the belly of his worst nightmare.  As soon as his body was completely submerged, Ayden was able to breathe deeply. The sensation of water filling his lungs made him want to panic.  But once he realized he wasn't going to drown, he was able to stop thrashing.  
The water blurred against his vision as he looked around frantically, half expecting some beast to emerge and devour him. Or water wraiths. Kelpies. His head was rapidly filling with the ugliest water creatures he could think of .
Theska swam before him, motioning for him to follow.  She spun around and expertly swam against the current of the river.
Ayden kicked his legs as he focused on the blurred form of the mermaid before him.  He was able to match her strong strokes as they raced through the water.  Sunlight stabbed through the surface of the river and danced across Theska's smooth, flowing hair as she torpedoed through the water.  Ayden followed, dodging fish, frogs, and debris as he did so.  Muffled sounds from outside the water reached his ears; he wondered what his friends were doing.
A shadow of movement caught the corner of Ayden's left eye.  He turned to focus on it, but saw nothing.  Swimming ahead, he once again focused on the flapping tail fins of Theska.  Another shadow crossed his peripheral vision to the right.  He came as close to a stop as he could, continuing to kick against the current.  His heart attempted to beat its way out of his chest.  Stay calm!  Stay calm!
Ayden's eyes darted back and forth as he scanned the river for any signs of what the shadow might have been. He heard a strange watery whisper as another shadow flashed to the side of him.  He knew he'd seen something--and it wasn't any sort of animal.  Maybe it was another mermaid.  Ayden jumped and yelled, releasing a cloud of bubbles, as Theska poked at his shoulder.  She uttered a high-pitched squeal that hurt his ears and then led him away from the area.
As they continued to swim, Ayden couldn't shake the feeling that they were being followed.  But as he looked around, he saw nothing but the river.  
Theska took a sharp left turn, leaving the river to enter into an underground stream.  The earth surrounded the watery tunnel, blocking most of the light.  Ayden squinted against the darkness as he focused on Theska.  They continued for several minutes until a large opening appeared before them.  
It seemed like the opening never got any closer.  Ayden's muscles were weakening and he fell behind.  Slowly but surely, breathing water was becoming more and more difficult. Volos' spell is wearing off!
Trying not to freak out, Ayden forced his body to move faster.  But it was no use.  His breathing was more labored than ever.  Long, glowing plants wavered underneath him, grabbing at his body as he sank toward them.  He tried with all his might to swim faster, but was dismayed to realize he was actually going slower.
Theska had swum out of sight as Ayden became entangled in the watery plants.  He held his breath and struggled to break free. The strange whispers he'd heard earlier in the river reached his ears and he struggled fiercely against the plants.  His efforts only caused him to become more entangled as eerie shadows circled around him like birds of prey.
The shadows dissolved as Theska appeared out of nowhere and expertly used the jagged edges of her arm guards to slice through the plants.  Ayden thought he saw her thump something back with her tail fin.  Then with amazing strength, she pulled Ayden through the water.  They came at last to the larger opening, and Theska flung Ayden out of the pool and onto its shore.  She leapt out of the water, her legs re-appearing, and grabbed Ayden around the chest.  As she squeezed, Ayden coughed up the water from his lungs and gulped precious oxygen. 
He lay on the shore, gasping for air before turning to Theska.  "Thanks," he said breathlessly.  She nodded and held out a hand, assisting him to stand.
Ayden examined his surroundings as he tried to shove thoughts of where he'd just been out of his mind.  They were in a small cave; the sound of incessantly dripping water, accompanied by the muffled roar of a waterfall, echoed against the stony walls.  A small, jagged doorway, cut in the wall of the cave, shed a strange, shimmering light into the area where Ayden and the mermaid walked.  She motioned again for him to enter.  
Ayden stared at the doorway, wondering at the light that shone through it.  "What's causing that light?" he turned to ask Theska.  But all he saw as he turned was her tail fin disappearing into the pool of the water they had exited moments before.  "Guess I'm on my own," Ayden said under his breath.
The doorway loomed before him.  Ayden shook, but not from the coldness of his drenched clothes.  Excitement and trepidation fought with each other as he drew his dragon blade and took measured steps toward the doorway.  This was the moment he'd been waiting for--to see the magical blade of King Elrohir--the blade his ancestor had so cleverly hidden so that he could now claim it to defeat Degus.  But he also remembered what the enchantress had said.  "You have the power to tame that which guards it?"  
Ayden's mouth went dry as he crossed the threshold of the doorway.  Keeping his senses alert, he cautiously stepped into a much larger cave.  His attention was immediately drawn to the ceiling, which was not made of rock at all; instead, sunlight shimmered through a pool of water, held up by an invisible barrier.  Swirling and bubbling at the end of the pool determined where a waterfall made its connection.
A shuffling noise jerked Ayden's attention back to the cave.  He drew a sharp breath at what he saw.  Swords of every size and shape stood erect across the rocky floor, their blades imbedded into the stone.  Elaborately jeweled handles shimmered in the watery light, and silver blades gleamed beneath them.  But the swords weren't the main cause for Ayden's concern or wonder.  He lowered his own blade in amazement as he gazed upon the giant resting form of a silver dragon.



Chapter Thirty-Nine
Familiar Faces


Ayden didn't dare move or even breath.  The dragon's enormous sides rose and fell as it slumbered.  Silver scales sparkled in the eerie light, and Ayden couldn't help but notice that the dragons on his weapons bore a striking resemblance to the one before him.  A spiked spine outlined the creature's back, the spikes growing smaller toward its head and tail.  Its head was surprisingly delicate looking, though it was larger than a horse--or two. With fascination, Ayden surveyed the enormous silver wings tucked against the beast's heaving sides.  It was, by far, the most awesome creature he'd ever laid eyes on.
Unable to hold his breath any longer, Ayden exhaled slowly and quietly.  He took a few tentative steps forward.  The dragon stirred slightly, and Ayden froze.  When he was certain the creature was still asleep, he took another step.  How am I supposed to know which sword is the right one? he wondered as he passed a sword with a handle encased with flaming red rubies.  Most of the other handles were as decorated, and none of them seemed any more significant than the other.
Ayden looked again to the dragon, making sure it hadn't opened its eyes.  It was then he noticed two things; a great silver chain was wrapped around the dragon's neck at one end, and the other was imbedded into the wall. Each of the links was larger than Ayden and as thick as a tree trunk.  And, inside the creature's curled up form, next to its belly, was a simple sword.  It was not imbedded into the rock as the others, but was resting against the dragon's side, still in its golden leather sheath with the belt attached.  An elvish symbol was carved into the sheath, and the protruding hilt was simple but elegant.  That's the one! If it weren't for the dragon, all Ayden would've had to do was reach out and grab it!
The enchantress appeared before Ayden, causing him to jump and yell in surprise.  The dragon snorted, raised its head, and stretched out its body and wings as it rose defensively.  Ayden raised his sword fearfully, ready to fight for his life.
The dragon didn't move as the enchantress spoke softly. "You must hurry.  Degus' people are at the threshold--they will enter this cave soon!" 
"But, how am I supposed to get it?" Ayden asked pointlessly as the enchantress vanished.  The silver dragon raised its head as high as it could without touching the water above it.  The chain pulled at its neck and it growled angrily at the restraint.  
Ayden gulped as he craned his neck in order to keep his eyes on the towering form.  His feet were suddenly knocked from beneath him as the dragon swung its tail around, breaking swords from the rocky floor as it did so.  Ayden's body narrowly missed hitting one of the broken weapons as he slammed into the ground.  He scrambled to his feet and raised his sword as two other creatures emerged from a doorway opposite from where he stood.
The dragon's attention was momentarily diverted to the new invaders.  They were burly creatures that reminded Ayden of giant hairy potatoes with spindly arms and legs; they carried crude looking weapons that bore a resemblance to an axe; the blades were serrated for tearing flesh.  Sulkas! Filthy creatures, their only purpose in life was to leach off of others, preferably others with great power and wealth. A distinct odor befittingly reminding Ayden of rotting potatoes, reached his nostrils. 
One of the sulkas threw his weapon at the dragon while the other raced toward the sword.  Ayden lunged forward--he couldn't let them get to it before he did!
Neither party was to reach their destination, however.  As big as the dragon was, its reflexes were lightning fast.  The axe weapon bounced off of its scales, leaving no mark.  With its tail, the dragon knocked the two creatures against the wall and turned her head with jaws open wide toward Ayden.  
The boy stopped short as the dragon's surprisingly icy breath washed over his body.  The other intruders had regained their feet and lunged at the dragon with jagged weapons and teeth bared.  "Degus said to get her under the jaw.  Hitting her scales is no good!" Ayden heard one of them shouting gruffly.
Ayden's first thought was, It's a girl? And then, why hasn't she finished me off?  The dragon was still looking at Ayden as her two assailants charged her other side.  Ayden stared into her huge eyes and felt strangely peaceful.  The dragon looked at him one moment more before she turned toward her attackers and released a roar loud enough to shake the very walls of the cave.  Rock showered from the cave walls, and several of the erected swords shook free of their hold, clattering to the stony ground.
One of the sulkas threw his axe at the dragon's throat.  The dragon pulled against her chain, narrowly avoiding the blade that would've ended her life.  Ayden's fury was ignited. She's a prisoner!  She can't defend herself properly!
As the sulkas resumed their attack, Ayden raced toward the chain.  The dragon knocked one creature against the wall for the second time, but the other dodged his way past and charged on.  
The dragon turned toward Ayden as he approached with his sword raised.  He had reached the cave wall where the chain trailed out and clung to the dragon's scaly neck.  She turned toward him and bared her sharp teeth, growling thunderously.
Ayden stopped and looked into her glassy eye. He bowed to her, keeping eye contact. "I mean you no harm.  I wish only to free you," he said as calmly as he could, despite the fact that he'd nearly wet himself.  The dragon stared at him for a moment and then turned her head toward the creature who was closing in toward her neck.
Ayden took the dragon blade and raised it in the air.  With a warrior's cry, he swung the sword against the chain.  He covered his face with his arm as shards of the chain shattered through the air like broken glass. 
The dragon jolted away from her former restraint as she turned all of her attention on the two creatures who meant to kill her.  Without looking at Ayden, she took her tail, grabbed Elrohir's sword, and threw it towards him.  It slid across the stone floor, clanking against broken blades and stones before stopping several feet in front of him.  
As the dragon bore down on her adversaries, Ayden replaced his sword and raced toward the Sword of Songs.  Just as he was about to grasp the weapon, the dragon changed direction and shot upward, slicing through the watery barrier above her.  Ayden could see the shadow of her figure above the pond as she stretched out wings as big as a pair of 747's and flew out of sight.
Your welcome! Ayden thought sarcastically as he reached for the blade.  
"Touch that and die!" a sulka yelled.  His axe was raised and ready to throw at Ayden.  Ayden's hand hovered over the sword momentarily before he smiled at the sulkas; they were confused by his lack of concern, but soon realized why he acted in such a way.  As soon as Ayden's hand touched the sword, the barrier above them vanished, and the pool of water crashed down like a tidal wave.
Ayden gulped in a huge breath and leapt upward to fight his way against the rushing water.  Without Volos' gift, his arms and legs were no match against the raging water.  He was forced back to the floor as oxygen slowly seeped from his lungs. It was fate.  I was meant to die in the water!
A soft whisper reached his ears.  It was the same whisper he'd heard in the river; he was certain he was hearing his name.  He would've screamed if he could've as hands grab each of his arms and thrust upward toward the light.  As he squinted through the water toward his sides, he thought he saw human-like forms swimming strongly beside him.  The water shimmered and Ayden inhaled it, gasping as he saw faces form beside him.
The churning pond disgorged Ayden onto the shore as the invisible hands released his arms.  He choked out the water that he'd swallowed, and for the second time that day, gulped in the air as if he hadn't breathed in days.
People were surrounding him, grabbing his arms and pulling him to stand as he coughed and sputtered.  He could hear their voices and knew them to be his companions.  But their words were lost as his thoughts remained focused on the watery faces he'd seen moments before.
"Are you alright?" Volos' concerned voice finally reached Ayden's ears. "There was a dragon--I feared the worst!"  Ayden did not answer and continued to stare at the water as the foaming and swirling water began to calm. 
The Sword of Songs, still clutched and dripping in his hands, was momentarily forgotten as Ayden shivered and whispered, "I think I just saw my parents!"



Chapter Forty
The Glass Lake


From the corner of his eye, Ayden could see Volos looking at him as if lack of oxygen had addled his brain, but he didn't dare move.  He didn't want to take his eyes away from the water; he didn't even risk blinking for fear he'd miss a glimpse of his parents' watery forms.
Sabina knelt beside him and reached for the Sword of Songs before jerking her hand back. She gazed into the water for a long while.  Then, she turned to Ayden as he continued frantically searching for the invisible bodies of his parents.  "Ayden," she said quietly.
"Don't, Sabina!" Ayden said firmly before she could utter another word.  "I know what I saw, and I will not leave this spot until I see them again!"
Volos took a deep breath and spoke firmly, "Ayden, we can't stay here.  Degus could be anywhere, and we need to get the sword away from this spot."
Without looking at his friend, Ayden answered, "I'm not worried."  He couldn't explain the emotions running through him at that moment.  His heart continued to sound like the pounding of the kelpie's hooves, and hope and doubt wrestled with each other inside his mind.  The longer he didn't see his parent's forms, the more he worried that he'd been hallucinating.  But he couldn't just walk away and not know for sure. 
The water bubbled and Ayden's heart came to a stop.  Volos and Sabina stood sharply, and everyone except Ayden drew their weapons.
The water made a sick glubbing sound before regurgitating two hideous forms.  The water then swirled madly around the bodies as it had done with the dirt Ayden had kicked into a similar pond not so long ago.
Ayden was both relieved and devastated to realize that the two figures were not his parents, but the two sulkas sent to retrieve the sword.  They had drowned in the rush of water, and their lifeless bodies now floated there as the water ate away at their filth.
Volos took the scythe-like weapon and pulled the half dissolved bodies to the shore.  Ayden could tell as his companions looked to him that they all believed he'd made a mistake, that the bodies he'd seen were the two before them.
Ayden scowled.  "I know what I saw.  I'd be in the same state as these two if my parents hadn't pulled me through the water.  I have to see them again."
Despite the sincerity in his voice, Ayden could tell that no one, not even Volos, believed him.  Sympathy shone in their eyes as if they were looking at someone drowning in denial.  He looked directly at Da'ewyn and said, "If you had a chance to see your mother, wouldn't you stay? Even if it meant seeing her only for a moment?" Da'ewyn didn't say a word, but stared steadily into Ayden's eyes.  
He turned then to Pax.  "What about you, Pax?  Wouldn't you take a chance with time if it meant being able to see your mother again?  To ask her all the questions you've been longing to ask her?"
Pax's cheeks reddened as he cast his eyes to the ground.  When no one else said anything further, Ayden turned his attention back to the water.  The only sound was the splashing of the waterfall as it connected with the pool.
Ayden would've waited a week, a month, maybe longer to catch a glimpse of the faces of his parents. He knew they were there.  Even if they were ghosts, they were there, and they had helped him through the water.  
Rumbling sounded from above.  Ayden felt Pax poke at his shoulder.  He didn't look up.  He didn't want any more 'help' from his friends just then.  He continued to stare at the water. 
The rumbling grew louder, and the sky's light reflecting on the surface of the water dissolved.  Ayden finally forced himself to look up as all of his companions gave their attention to the sky.  Black, not dark gray, but BLACK clouds were forming at a supernatural rate-there was no wind.  Jagged fingers of electricity shot between them, followed by loud rumbling.  
Ayden didn't know what it was about storms, but they had a hypnotizing way about them.  Maybe it was dark curiosity, morbid fascination, or the lure of the awesome power of nature.  In any case, the companions stared at the growing storm too long.  A jagged finger of light shot down and struck the pool of water beside them.  They were blown to their backs, and their eardrums were nearly shattered with the whip-cracking sound of thunder.
Two more bolts shot close by as the light of the sun was swallowed in the darkness of the clouds.  The companions scrambled to their feet.  If he hadn't been terrified, Ayden would've busted a gut laughing; everyone's hair was standing on end from the electricity in the air, and their eyes were wide and bulging.  Volos, with his bald head, was the only one who looked somewhat normal.
"We have to get away from this water!" Volos boomed.  The pool had grown since it had been struck, and was swelling with every second.  Not a drop of rain had fallen.
Ayden hadn't noticed how rocky the area around the pool was until he was rushing in a frenzy over jagged, uneven stones to higher ground.  The stones didn't look right.  They didn't look like they'd fallen from the side of a mountain or cliff, but as if they'd been thrust upward through the ground like giant fingers attempting to escape a black tomb.
The storm continued to grow.  Great bolts of lightning struck all around, cutting into the stone.  Ayden expected the electricity to shoot through the ground to their feet, but it never did.  This was no force of nature.  Degus was behind this.  The old crone wasn't wasting time trying to get him and his friends out of her way!
Sabina, who'd gracefully taken the lead, shouted back, "I see a cave ahead!  We can shelter th--"  her words were cut off as a bolt struck in front of her, and the stones beneath her feet gave way.  She shot upward, twisting through the air, and landed delicately on her feet.  She was okay.
Ayden couldn't say as much for the rest of them.  As lightning struck the air and ground, the avalanche of rock showered toward them.  After being hit a dozen times and losing their footing, Ayden heard Pax sputter something under his breath.  The rocks froze in mid-air above their heads.  Everyone stared in wonder as Ayden poked at one of the rocks.  It was as if it were embedded in concrete. 
"Th-Thay'll only s-stay up far a few s-s-seconds!" Pax yelled.  The sounds of grunting and scrambling joined with smacking of thunder as the companions frantically made their way to the cave.  Volos, who was at the rear, made it past Sabina a split second before Pax's spell gave way, sending the remaining rocks crashing down the slope.
Ayden turned and looked back to where they'd come from.  He was amazed how far they'd actually gone in such a short time; at least a half mile. From the cave, he could see that the pool below had quadrupled in size since they'd left.
The scene began to vibrate and a rumbling, which started low and gradually grew louder, announced the beginning of a violent earthquake.  Ayden clung to the side of the cave entrance as he watched more loose rock bounce down the hillside.  
Everyone shouted, startled, as a geyser exploded and stretched toward the sky from the center of the pool.  Lightening shot all around it, sending waves of deadly light through the geyser.  Massive, pointed, black stones thrust themselves through the earth, making what looked like a cage around the water.  In a matter of seconds, the entire rock-encircled valley below the cave was flooded.  The geyser spent itself and the pool, now a lake caged by black stones, became quiet.  The dark clouds and thunder continued.
Volos' voice broke the stunned silence.  "Well, there's not much to do now but wait out the storm."  He sat down a few paces into the cave.  Keena joined him and they produced food from their packs and began to eat.  Again, Keena's expression was one of ecstasy as she sank her teeth into the food.
Ayden watched them incredulously for a few moments.  "How can you eat right now?  Did you not see what just happened?  Degus is trying to kill us and you're eating?"
Volos studied Ayden before responding.  "Degus wasn't trying to kill us.  She wouldn't have risked losing the sword in the flood."  He shook his head and gazed toward the cave's opening.  "It was magic, no doubt.  But, if I'm not mistaken, we've just witnessed the unveiling of the Glass Lake."
Dumbfounded faces gaped at Volos.  "The Glass Lake?  You mean, the Glass Lake?  The Glass Lake where King Elrohir defeated his cousin?  The lake where we're supposed to defeat Degus?" Ayden asked.  He'd been expecting to travel more before reaching the lake.  He wasn't ready!
"Yes.  That Glass Lake.  When this storm is over?" Volos lost his words as the reality of what was soon to happen sank in.
Ayden, accompanied by everyone else in the cave, released a girly scream as the enchantress appeared before them.  She floated there for a moment before she finally spoke in a reluctant voice.  "Degus fears the sword in another's hand."  
Really? 
"She summons an army that will gather at the lake.  You will have to go through that army to reach her. But do not be dismayed." 
Are you kidding me?  
"Together, you are strong.  Hope lives in unity."  Then looking at Ayden, she instructed, "Use the sword only for that purpose for which it is intended."
With those words, she vanished.  Ayden was beginning hate the sight of that woman, enchantress, whatever she was.  "Doesn't she ever have any good news?"
Pax audibly growled at Ayden.  "Sh-She's our g-guide-a-a-a help."
"You just have a thing for her because you were the first to see her.  Well, it'd be a sweet day if I never saw her again!"  Ayden shouted back.  
"Y-Yah thenk y-yah know i-it all, d-don't yah?" Pax was breathing heavily.  
Ayden contorted his face and shook his head, "What is that supposed to mean? You're not making any sense!"  
Pax's face darkened as he spoke in a deep, controlled voice.  "Yah don' know anything!"  He marched deeper into the cave, dissolving into the shadows.  Ayden thought he heard him flop to the ground; he expected Pax to produce his point of light and begin to read.  But he remained silent in the darkness.
"Why are you so hard on him?" Sabina asked quietly.
Ayden ran his fingers through his hair and released some negative energy with a breath.  "I don't know.  I'm just tense and, I guess, Pax is an easy target.  I don't mean to be that way.  He's like a little brother to me."
Da'ewyn spoke, "I can understand.  Siblings can get under your skin in ways that no one else can." She gave Ayden a smirk.
A bolt of lightning hit close to the cave and everyone covered their ears, shielding them from the blast of noise that accompanied it.  When the sound died away, Sabina asked Ayden, "Do you think it will last much longer?"
"I don't know."
Volos suggested, "We need to try to rest some before this storm ends.  We'll need our strength for what lies ahead."
Ayden stood frozen as the others unrolled their sleeping gear and attempted to rest.  He stared out at the flashes of light and the newly formed lake.  Ice took hold of his insides and he shivered.  What am I doing here? I'm an inexperienced dork fumbling in the dark.  I can't fight against an entire army!  I can't fight against Degus!  I couldn't even get past Jared without getting caught! Come to think of it, I've never overcome any magic. What if I get everyone killed? 



Chapter Forty-One
Broken Hope


Something took a hold of Ayden's guts and twisted them into a thousand knots.  He wished he could dissolve into the cave walls and disappear.  Or dig a hole and hide until the next day was over.  Or die in his sleep--if he could sleep. 
The warmth of a soft hand in his slowly drew his mind out of its dark reverie.  It took effort to turn his head to look at Nya, his muscles were so tense and knotted.  She didn't smile as usual, but gazed with concern into his eyes.  With her gentle language, she spoke, "Ayden, I won't deny that I am terrified.  I cannot tell you not to be afraid.  I cannot promise that all will be well by the end of what is to come.  But know here," she touched his chest, "and here," she touched his head,  " that I, I mean, that we are with you to the death.  You will not fight this battle alone."
Nya's words meant a lot to Ayden, but they brought no comfort.  "What if I screw up, Nya?  What if I fail and Freya dies sick and alone? What if Degus is too powerful and gets the sword and all of Shae Vale falls to her lunacy?  What if--"  Nya placed two fingers on his lips to stop his river of "what ifs".  
"Shhh.  Move your thoughts, Ayden.  They are in dangerous territory.  You cannot afford to allow them to linger there."
"I can't, Nya," Ayden said as he removed Nya's fingers.  He had no control over the panic screaming in his heart.
"You must."
"How?  How can I?  I'm in way over my head!"
"Look at me."
"I am looking at you!"
"Look closer."
Ayden looked at Nya. Her eyes shown with the flashes of light that erupted in the sky.  Something else shown in them that caused a new sensation to stir inside Ayden.  He feared it, too, but in a different way.  "Nya, I--" He didn't know what he thought he was going to say.  His brain was suddenly useless.
Nya took Ayden's hands in hers and squeezed.  She came closer to Ayden and locked him in her gaze.  Should he draw away?  Should he stay put?  Should he breathe?  
The thunder seemed to crescendo--or maybe that was his heart, he wasn't sure.  Beautiful music played in his mind and heat enveloped his body.  His dark thoughts were really no longer a problem; emotion was completely taking over.  Nya drew closer, and her soft breath caressed Ayden's face.  
Then, the softness of her lips on his; it was like lightning, thunder, like being suddenly weightless, like beautiful music, like nothing--and everything--he'd ever experienced ever in his life.  He embraced her tightly, not wanting the moment to ever end.  He could exist here forever. 
But every good and perfect moment does end.  It was almost painful when Nya drew back.  Her eyes were shining, but not with the white fire that Ayden had seen before.  Her entire face emanated a glowing energy that engulfed Ayden with joy.
She spoke softly, "Have your thoughts been moved?"
"My whole world has been moved, Nya," he whispered as he caressed her face with his hand.  Her cheeks flushed as they continued to gaze into one another's eyes.  Endia cooed from a stone on the cave wall, echoing Nya's emotion.
Ayden's skin prickled as he felt several pairs of eyes staring at them. He forced himself to look away from Nya. The companions were smiling at them.  
Volos looked past them through the cave door, his smile dissolving.  "Well, I hate to be the party crasher, but I think our storm is calming."
"Why not just hit me in the face with one of those nice, jagged boulders?  It'd be less painful," Ayden said as the horror of what was coming came back so fast it nearly knocked him to his knees.  And yet, after what he'd just experienced, things didn't seem quite as horrid as they had a while ago.
"Sorry, but we'd better get our game faces on.  We need to get a look at what we'll be up against."
Devlin spoke for the first time in a long while.  "Why don't Da'ewyn and I go scouting?  We can take a look at this supposed army.  Maybe there's a way around it."
Ayden thought for a moment.  He wasn't fond of the idea of anyone separating at this point.  "There is hope in unity."  But Devlin was right, they needed to know what they were up against.
"Okay.  But be careful and DO NOT let anyone or anything see you.  Get back here as fast as you can.  And watch the sky."
Da'ewyn and Devlin were gone within seconds.  Now, the waiting.  I hate waiting!  Nya squeezed his hand again and smiled.  He couldn't help his own smile.  Now he understood how Volos and Keena could eat before.  If this is what they felt for each other, eating food before battling the greatest sorceress to the death didn't seem like such a bad thing.  
Another thought struck Ayden.  "I'd better talk to Pax," he told Nya.  He forced himself to let go of her hand and walked deeper into the shadows.  The clouds outside were beginning to dissolve, allowing some sunlight to enter into the cave.  Ayden squinted in the dim light.  "Pax?  Where are you, man?  Look, I know you've heard this from me a hundred times, but I'm sorry.  I'm a jerk.  Please come out and talk."  
Silence. 
"Pax?"
That frightening, empty feeling formed in the pit of Ayden's stomach.  Something was wrong.  He turned back to where the others were waiting for him.  "Sabina, I need your eyes!"
Sabina floated to where he stood.  "What's wrong?"
"I don't know.  I can't see in the dark, and Pax isn't answering."
Sabina walked confidently forward.  She became one with the shadows as Ayden and the others waited anxiously.  "Sabina?  Can you see anything?"
Sabina's gasp echoed strangely against the cave walls.  The hair on Ayden's arms prickled.  "What is it?  What's happened?"
Circles of light, reflected off a pair of eyes, preceded Sabina's form as she materialized from the shadows.  She held a bag filled with books in one hand; and in the other, a small leather pouch, its contents causing rounded bulges.  
Sabina's voice was barely a whisper, "He's gone."
Ayden didn't want to accept it.  How could he be gone?  "Are you sure?  Maybe he just had to go take care of business, yah know?"
Sabina's widened eyes stayed focused on Ayden as her head slowly moved from side to side.  "No, Ayden.  The cave ends just a few feet further back.  There is no other entrance.  And he couldn't have just walked past all of us without being seen."
Volos spoke, "If he's vanished, the only logical explanation is that he wended out of here.  Maybe he just wanted to be alone."
Yes! Yes, that made sense.  He was upset.  He needed some alone time.  "Does he know how to wend?"
Everyone looked blankly at each other.  No one knew. They filed out of the cave.  Trying not to yell his name and draw attention to themselves, they searched in close proximity of the cave.  Several minutes of searching had passed when Ayden heard approaching footsteps.  Just in case, he pulled his cloak around his body as he hid behind a boulder and waited.  
Ayden knew who approached before he saw.  He stood abruptly and then held up his hands as Da'ewyn drew an arrow before he could even blink.  "Sorry!  I wasn't thinking," he said quickly.
Da'ewyn lowered her arrow and breathed.  "You better be sorry!  I almost killed you!"  When Ayden didn't speak, she asked, "What's wrong?  What's happened?"
"Pax is missing.  He vanished from inside the cave.  No one saw him leave, and he left his stuff behind.  Did you see him anywhere?" Ayden asked anxiously.
"No," Da'ewyn said as Devlin approached from a different direction accompanied by Volos and Sabina.  Nya walked carefully along the rocks toward them from yet another direction.  Once everyone was gathered, Ayden asked for a report.
"I didn't see anything."
"Not a trace."
"Sorry."
Da'ewyn jerked as if she'd just remembered something important.  As she spoke, fear shone in her eyes for the first time Ayden could remember, "Ayden, not that Pax isn't important, but we have a greater problem.  Over that ridge," she pointed toward a part of the lake that was hidden behind a large jagged ridge of rock, "an army is gathering.  There is no doubt that they greatly outnumber us." 
Words with no comfort.  
The sun was now free from its black cloud prison and shed a red glow as it neared the western horizon.  The light reflected off of the newly formed lake, causing the water to look like a giant pool of blood surrounded by jagged, black teeth.  Ayden shivered. Pax, where are you?  Their unity was broken along with Ayden's hope.



Chapter Forty-Two
Wing It


Darkness.  Ayden had had enough of it.  Yet, here they were again in the middle of it--in more ways than one.  There was still no sign of Pax.  Ayden's stomach flopped every time he thought of his friend.  What could've happened to him?  Worry tried to dominate his thoughts, but he had bigger things to deal with.
Ayden was doing his best not to stumble over uneven ground as he scrambled after Sabina and Da'ewyn.  The girls were leading him and Volos to the ridge where Da'ewyn had seen the army gathering at sunset.  Ayden wanted to know exactly what they were up against.
"Be careful, there's a deep gouge in the rocks right there," Sabina whispered back.  Ayden tried to keep track of where she'd pointed, but still nearly twisted his ankle when he reached the spot.  
Da'ewyn whispered, "That's it.  That's the crook in the ridge where I was earlier."
The group made their way to where Da'ewyn pointed and peered cautiously over the ledge of stone.  More darkness.
"How are we going to see anything?" Ayden grumbled.  
"I can see perfectly," Sabina bragged.  Ayden stuck his tongue out at her, forgetting she could also see him perfectly.  "Real mature, Ayden.  Maybe you should go back to the cave and color some pictures on the wall!"
"Sorry."
Ayden could hear Sabina's take another step.  "Wait here.  I think I can get a little closer without being detected."  A soft rustling and a vague silhouette indicated that she'd just leapt over the ridge.  Then, silence.  And waiting.
"I wish I could see in the dark," Da'ewyn stated jealously.  "Although, I can hear and smell well enough.  And something reeks!"
"I swear it wasn't me," Ayden joked.
"Shut up!  I didn't mean that," Da'ewyn retorted. 
Ayden breathed in deeply.  A faint but repugnant odor greeted his nostrils.  "I smell it too.  I've smelled that smell before, under the pool."  He breathed again.  "Yep.  Sulkas. Lot's of sulkas."
"Ugh!" Da'ewyn stated.  Ayden could visualize her wrinkling her nose.  "Are you sure you know what you're talking about?"
"Shh!  Listen!" Volos whispered and Ayden held his breath.  Soft rustling greeted his ears as Sabina returned.
"We need to get back to the cave.  I can show and tell when we get there," Sabina whispered urgently.  Ayden could feel her excited energy like a wave of pinpricks over his skin.
The trip back to the cave seemed twice as long as the trip to the ledge had been.  Ayden tripped and bumped his knees more times than he cared to count as he tried to hurry over the uneven rocks.  As usual, Sabina made it through without so much as a bruise.
"You know, it's really not fair that you have the ability to heal yourself when you rarely get hurt in the first place," Ayden stated as they reached the cave.  He and Volos shoved a stone aside that they had placed in front of the entrance.  It didn't completely block the opening, but it was enough to deter the light of the puny fire they'd lit from cutting into the darkness.  Nothing could be done for the smoke, though.  He'd give anything to have Pax there with his smokeless pinpoint of light.
The four companions were greeted by three weapons, aimed and ready to do serious damage, as they entered the cave.  Keena, Devlin, and Nya were prepared for any guest, but breathed easy when they saw the faces of their friends.
"Well, what did you learn?" Devlin asked.  
Sabina motioned for everyone to gather near the light of the fire.  Drawing on the dirt floor of the cave with her finger, she made what looked to Ayden like a lopsided hourglass, the top half much larger than the bottom.  At the top of the hourglass, she drew a figure and behind that, the lake.
"Okay. There is a crevice that will keep us hidden most of the way if we want to reach the first group undetected.  Here," she pointed to the small part of the hourglass, "there are at least a hundred creatures or whatever, gathered and waiting.  They are all armed with bows, swords, just about anything you can think of, but mostly some type of axe."
"What did they look like?" Ayden asked. 
Sabina answered, "I just said, like axes.  Only they were a little more jagged."
Ayden rolled his eyes.  "I meant the creatures."
"Oh." Sabina squinted toward the ceiling as she visualized what she'd seen.  "Kind of like hairy potatoes."
Ayden looked at Da'ewyn.  "Told you; sulkas."
"Anyway," Sabina continued, "There is nothing in this little bottle neck here, but there is no way to reach this larger area but through that bottle neck.  Nothing but sheer cliffs on either side and mountains of those jagged rocks all around.  But I'm not so certain we want to go any further than that anyway."
Ayden felt the hand twisting his gut again.  All eyes stared expectantly at Sabina.  "Why?" Ayden asked slowly.
Sabina tapped the dirt in the center of the larger circle, sending small wisps of dust into the air.  "Here, there are hundreds of men, beasts, elves, dwarfs, even Veela," she said looking at Da'ewyn.  "There wasn't any creature in this world that wasn't mingled in that army.  Except vampires," she said thoughtfully and then continued, "And they're all heavily armed." 
Sabina lowered her eyes and traced her finger through the dirt to where she'd drawn the figure before the lake.  "Degus waits here.  At least, I think it's her.  She was the only one sitting on an elaborate throne carved out of sheer rock.  She's guarded by five trolls and what looked like humans stood on either side of her."
"How many humans?" Ayden asked to confirm he understood.
"Just the two."
The only sound in the cave was the crackling of the fire as everyone stared at Sabina's drawing and pondered her words.  Keena spoke, her strong voice reflecting Ayden's thoughts, "Even if we defeat the sulkas, we will not be able to withstand an army of that size.  We cannot win this battle without help."
"What if we attack now, while it's dark.  'Catch them off guard?" Sabina asked.
"Because, unlike vampires, we can't all see in the dark!" Da'ewyn hissed.
Sabina scowled back.  "Have any better ideas?"
"Let's all give this some thought.  After awhile, we can brainstorm.  Maybe there's something we're not thinking of," Volos said.
After a moment's hesitation, the group dispersed throughout the cave.  Ayden sat with his back against the cold cave wall.  Da'ewyn and Devlin were whispering near the entrance; Keena and Volos sat back to back, their eyes closed, meditating.  Sabina crouched near the fire.  She had Pax's bag and pulled out its contents, mostly books.  
Nya sat beside Ayden and attempted a smile.  He tried to smile back.  Their kiss earlier suddenly seemed like it had happened ages ago.  He felt his cheeks warm at the thought nonetheless.  
Ayden tried to focus on some sort of plan.  What could they possibly do against such an army?  The sulkas might not be such a problem, although there were quite a number of them.  At least a hundred.  
Sabina was thumbing through Pax's books.  Ayden thought that was rude, considering they weren't hers.  But he found himself curious about what she was finding; especially when, after reading a few pages of one particular book, tears formed in her eyes.  She continued to read, entranced by the words before her.
"Sabina?  Son vule sen?" Nya asked.
The dimming firelight danced off of the tears pooled in Sabina's eyes as she turned her attention to Nya and Ayden. She quickly wiped her eyes and cleared her throat.  "Uh, yah, I'm fine."  She stuck her nose back in the book as Ayden and Nya exchanged curious looks. 
"What are you reading?" Ayden asked.
Sabina looked at him, her cheeks flushing.  "He, uh, he was keeping a journal," she said, her voice carrying a hint of guilt.
"You're reading his journal?  That's private, Sabina!" Ayden scolded.  But he wanted to know as much as she did what was written in the thin, leather covered book.  "Well?" Ayden asked as he raised a brow.
"He was writing about me."
"And?"
"And, nothing.  Like you said, he has a thing for me."
Nya was looking back and forth trying to comprehend what they were talking about.  Sabina read on and then gasped.  "Ayden, you'd better read this!"
She handed the book to Ayden and pointed her finger at a particular spot on the page.  Pax's chicken scratching was hard to decipher, but he was able to get through most of it.  Pax was jealous of him, which was nothing that Ayden was surprised about.  And it wasn't really what Pax said about him, but the way he said it that made Ayden's skin crawl.  Venomous words leapt off the pages, hitting Ayden almost as forcefully as if someone had slapped him.  This was not the Pax he knew.
"Are you sure he wrote this?  I mean, look.  Even the handwriting is different," he said as he pointed to the jagged scrawling of ink on a particular page.
Sabina looked again more closely.  "It is, isn't it?  But, my handwriting changes with my mood, too."
Ayden read a few more lines.  Pax wrote about having strange and dark visions and feeling the pull of a magic far greater than his own.  He feared it, and yet, longed desperately for it.  His words were unsettling, to say the least.
"What does it all mean?" Sabina asked.
"I don't know.  Right now, it really doesn't matter," Ayden answered to Sabina's shocked expression as he handed the book back to her.  "Don't get me wrong, Sabina.  I am worried about him.  But we can't do anything for him right now.  We don't even know where he is."  Worry and guilt overrode Ayden's attempt at being calm about Pax's disappearance.  Maybe if he hadn't been such a jerk to him?
Nya squeezed his hands as if she'd read his thoughts.  He tried to smile, but his mouth was determined to remain a frown.  
Volos, Keena, Da'ewyn, and Devlin made their way back to the nearly non-existent fire.  Sabina put Pax's books away as Ayden and Nya joined the group.  Devlin spoke first, "Da'ewyn and I were wondering about the path that leads to the first group, the sulkas.  It seems a little too convenient, don't you think?  It may be a trap."
Heads nodded and brows furrowed as everyone thought about what Devlin had said.  Ayden asked, "But how else will we get to them?"
Da'ewyn answered, "We'll have to go over the rocks above the path."
"I guess that might work.  The rocks weren't as bad there as they were at the bottle neck.  But won't they see us then?" Sabina asked.
"Better for them to see us than to be trapped in the pathway," Keena stated.
Ayden thought about their plan.  A flash of memory of the lake, blood red against the setting sun, shot through his mind.  "If we go at sunrise, we'll have the advantage of the sun at our backs and to their faces.  They'll be partially blinded by the light."
"Good thinking, Ayden," Volos stated and then continued, "We have to believe that we can handle the sulkas.  They're not all that bright.  Then, Keena and I were thinking, if we could draw small groups of the larger army through the bottle neck, we could take them down slowly."
"VERY slowly!" Da'ewyn snorted.  "We'd be fighting for days with no rest--all the while against fresh warriors!"
Volos rubbed his head.  "Well, our most pressing task is getting Ayden to Degus," he said conversationally.  Ayden's stomach lurched.  The sulkas didn't worry him much and the larger army was scary, but nothing would be as bad as facing Degus.
Volos spoke again, "We will have to be Ayden's body guards.  The quickest path to Degus is straight through the center of the army.  If we could force our way through the center, just enough to get Ayden there?" He didn't finish his sentence, and Ayden could see in Volos' eyes that even Volos thought this plan stunk.
No one spoke.  Everyone stared at Sabina's drawing.  "If only we could fly," Sabina stated.  Ayden wished they could.  But the only one who could've even begun to get them air-born would've been Pax.
"We have no other choice.  There is no other way to get to Degus," Ayden said.  
"What about the lake?" Nya asked after Sabina had translated. 
Everyone studied the dirt-map.  Then Keena spoke, "I wouldn't trust that route.  Degus is no fool.  She'll have guards around the lake.  And if she has no guards, she'll have a spell on the water.  She would never expose her back so carelessly."
"We may just have to take things one step at a time," Volos sighed.
"You mean, wing it?" Ayden asked.  He almost felt a smile touch his lips.
Volos did smile as he looked at Ayden.  "There is a time and a place for everything," he said, echoing some of Freya's words.  "Winging it, as you put it, might be the best thing."
Devlin was smiling at the idea, but the rest of them shifted uncomfortably. 
"We need to try and rest.  We only have a few hours left until dawn," Keena advised.  
The companions went to their separate corners in pairs.  Volos and Keena once again leaned against each other and meditated.  Devlin and Da'ewyn stayed close to the cave opening as guards.  And Nya and Ayden took their previous place leaning against the cave wall, holding hands.  Sabina curled up on the floor and hugged Pax's belongings.  No one slept.
Ayden thought about Freya.  Other than Volos mimicking her words earlier, Freya's voice hadn't sounded in his mind for a long while.  He didn't want all this time to ponder what that might mean.  His stomach would not settle, and he felt like running out of the cave and screaming down to the army below.  He just wanted to get the battle over with.
Nya massaged his hand, sending her magical warmth through his veins.  Ayden focused on her, but his nerves refused to be abated.  His eyes trailed down Nya's body until they rested on her bare feet.  He cringed at the sight of the scars where the cat's tongue had torn her flesh.  In her language, he apologized.  "I'm sorry for your feet, Nya.  I'm sorry for all of this.  You shouldn't even be here.  You shouldn't have to fight.  In fact, I don't want you to," he said urgently.  "I want you to stay here, in the cave." He looked imploringly into her eyes and knew immediately he was fighting a losing battle.
Nya's eyes bordered with white flame.  "You would ask me to stay and wait while the rest of you risk your lives?  The waiting alone would be more torturous and would cut deeper than any wound received in battle!  You cannot be so selfish, Ayden."
Ayden knew she was right.  He would never agree to such terms if the tables were turned.  "I had to try," he said and touched her cheek, dousing the fire in her eyes.
"I know.  Try not to worry.  We will help each other.  There is strength in our companionship," Nya answered.  Ayden wasn't sure if she just meant the two of them, or everyone.  For some reason, her words were disappointing.



Chapter Forty-Three
Battle


Volos and Ayden stood at the mouth of the cave looking out into the pale pre-dawn sky.  It was accented by thick fog.  "Just my luck!" Ayden grumbled under his breath. 
"The sun will drive away the mist in the higher areas quickly enough.  The problem will be seeing our targets waiting in the lower area," Volos stated.
"So much for the power of the sun on our side.  The fog will totally shield their eyes."
"Yes, but it won't just shield their eyes from the sun, but from us as well.  This may not be a bad omen, but a good one.  If they don't see us coming, we still have the element of surprise on our side."
Ayden wasn't convinced.  Sure, the sulkas wouldn't be able to see them, but they wouldn't be able to see the sulkas either.  "I've gotta go," Ayden said and walked quickly away from the cave.
"Again?  You're going to dehydrate," Volos' voice trailed after him.  Ayden's nerves seemed to have shrunk his bladder to half its size.  He'd had to go every few minutes for the past hour.  Maybe it wasn't a bad thing--this way he wouldn't have any humiliating accidents during battle. 
Battle.  The word had a whole new meaning.  Ayden's stomach knotted again as he walked back toward the cave.  He'd fought in many battles, but mostly one on one, not seven on one hundred--or hundreds!  
Volos had instructed him in his lessons about fighting larger battles.  "Don't focus on the opposition as a whole, or you'll become overwhelmed and fail before you even begin.  Focus instead on one or two opponents at a time.  When they're out of the way, forget them and focus on the next."
Easier said than done.  But maybe Volos was right.  Maybe the fog would be an advantage.
As Ayden approached the cave entrance, Da'ewyn emerged fully clothed in leather armor.  She stretched her arms, legs, and torso, wrinkling her nose and brows.  Ayden had never seen the Veela so?covered before.  "Where'd that get-up come from?" he asked.
Da'ewyn looked at him, the scowl still etched across her brows.  "I've always had it," she stated bluntly.
"Why haven't you ever worn it before?  Looks like it's much better for fighting than the skimpy stuff you usually wear."
Looking evilly ruffled, Da'ewyn answered, "Because I never had time to put it on before our other battles.  Besides," she said, pulling at the leather tunic that nearly reached her knees, "I feel suffocated in this thing!" 
"Well, leave it on," Ayden said, suddenly serious.  "I know you're supposed to be protecting me, but I don't want you to die doing it," he said softly.
Da'ewyn stopped pulling at her clothes and looked at Ayden.  Her brows lifted and she nodded to him and turned away, but not before Ayden saw the concern dancing in her eyes.
The rest of the group appeared at the doorway of the cave, all bearing weapons and carrying slightly frightened, but very determined, expressions.  Volos handed Ayden his sword and the belt that Da'ewyn had given him.  "It's time," he said in an extremely sober tone.
Ayden had that "floor dropping out from under your feet" feeling as he took his weapons from Volos and strapped them on.  The rest of the companions watched him in solemn silence.  Ayden felt like he was donning himself for his own funeral.
When he'd finished, Nya approached with the Sword of Songs.  Facing Ayden so that they never broke eye contact, she tenderly placed the sword against Ayden's back, buckling the leather bandoleer at his chest. She paused, placing her hand on his cheek, and then turned to join the others in facing him.  
Trying not to show his ever growing sense of panic, Ayden looked firmly into his friends' eyes and spoke, "Whatever happens today, I need all of you to know that I appreciate all you've done to help me on this journey."  His mind flashed to Pax, remembering how his friend had helped him on several occasions.  He shoved the thoughts away, trying to keep focused.  "I would never have made it to this point without you."  He held his breath for a moment, fending off the rush of emotion that threatened to take over.  The last thing he needed right now was to let his companions see weakness in his face.  
Ayden thought of trying to be funny to relieve some of the tension by saying something like, "Let's go peal some spuds!"  But he knew it was lame.  His jokes never did well, and he was way too nervous to even try.  
The morning sun shot through the fog, dissolving the ground-clouds with its heat.  Their pathway along the jagged rocks was clearing.  Ayden furrowed his brows in determination and said, "Let's get this done."
The companions silently made their way down the jagged rocks, using the silvery stream of fog that lingered in the crevice as a guide.  But before they reached the pool that would mark where the sulkas waited, they encountered a patch of their own fog.  Volos raised his hand.  Everyone stopped and waited for the mist to burn away from the stone.
Ayden's nerves grew tighter and tighter like a rubber band ready to snap.  If he'd only been able to concentrate last night and meditate.  But he'd found it to be an impossible task.  Why can't we just hurry up and get this over with?
Then, as the fog began to dissolve and the rays of the sun warmed his skin, Ayden heard Freya's voice, "Never rush the passing of time.  Time speeds away too quickly as it is.  Relish each and every moment--even the unsavory ones--for they remind us that we are alive and that we have something to live for!"  
Freya!  He'd never been happier to have his thoughts interrupted by one of her tiresome lessons.  After hearing his grandmother's voice and looking at the group of friends circled around him like a protective ring, he knew exactly what he had to live for--and what he had to fight for.  
The fog along the higher areas parted, revealing the black rock that surrounded a pool of mist not a hundred feet ahead of them.  It was like an enormous cauldron bubbling and steaming as some giant, invisible witch stirred a deadly concoction.  The companions lined the edge of the "cauldron" and waited for Volos' signal.  Ayden thought he might hurl as his nerves struck violently at the thought of jumping into nothingness--right into the arms of the enemy.
Volos looked at Ayden and signaled that he would go first.  Ayden began to protest; they should go together.  But Volos leapt before he could do anything to stop him.  
Ayden may as well have been the one falling for the way his stomach lurched as he watched the fog swallow Volos whole.  They waited expectantly until they heard Volos give a soft whistle.  Ayden leapt into the fog.  It was an unnerving sensation, falling into a great, white void and not knowing if or when he would land.  But much sooner than he had expected, his feet found earth and he fell to his side.  Rolling quickly to a stand, he held his sword in readiness for battle.
Volos stood to his right and Da'ewyn to his left, but beyond that, he couldn't see any of his companions.  I don't like this!  What if the fog is part of a trap?  'Split them apart and take them down one by one!'  Ayden opened his eyes as wide as they would go, as if that would help him see better.  He started as he heard a grunt somewhere in whiteness, followed by ominous silence.  He and Volos gave each other a knowing look and then carefully stepped forward.
Ayden took several deep breaths and exhaled slowly, attempting to keep calm.  It wasn't working.  At least a hundred sulkas were hiding in the fog, waiting hungrily to devour him and his friends.  
The shroud of mist lifted suddenly like a curtain lifting away from a stage.  An axe whizzed through the air as the last bit of fog vanished, cutting so closely to Ayden that it sliced a few hairs from his head.  He didn't take time to think about what might've just happened, but yelled as he charged forward with his companions.
Adrenaline pumped through Ayden's blood as he sliced through three or four of the foul creatures with his sword before hitting a road block.  Six sulkas, each one carrying a different weapon, came toward him.  The one carrying a bow took aim and shot.  Instinctively, Ayden tore Phantom from his hip with his free hand and flung it through the air, deflecting the arrow.  The weapon barely returned to his hand before he threw it again, this time slicing off the heads of three of his attackers with one blow.  

The other sulkas stopped in their tracks as Ayden wiped their companions' blood from his weapon against his leg.  He continued to maintain eye contact as he sheathed his sword and replaced it with Whisper.  The spuds backed away, terrified.  They had only taken two steps before Phantom and Whisper found them.  Their bodies remained erect for a moment, oozing from the gaping holes where their heads had been seconds before.  Then they toppled to join their companions on the ground.
Ayden quickly surveyed the scene; Da'ewyn was stringing two or three arrows at a time and hitting every one of her targets, the gleam in her eyes showing her enjoyment. Occasionally, she had the chance to do some kicking and punching, which seemed to please her.
Volos and Keena were back to back yet again, fighting off a circle of sulkas.  Keena had Volos' sword and Ayden could tell she was well practiced in the art of sword play. She expertly relieved two of her adversaries of their weapons before skewering them. 
Volos had drawn his daggers.  Ayden barely saw his large hands move as he jabbed a spud with such speed and precision that the creature stood stunned for several seconds before falling to the ground.
Sabina's angry scream reached Ayden's ears.  He turned and looked as a two sulkas cornered her against the cliff.  Ayden was about to assist her when she flung herself into the air, somersaulted, landed behind her adversaries, and proceed to knock their heads together.  The creatures teetered before Sabina took the dagger Ayden had given her and mercilessly slit their throats.  
A sulka caught Ayden off-guard, attacking form the rear and clinging to him like a live backpack.  With one of its spindly arms, it squeezed Ayden's throat and with the other sliced his shoulder with something sharp.  It then proceeded to yank at the sword strapped to Ayden's back.
Ayden tensed his neck muscles, attempting to keep the sulka from choking the life out of him.  He struggled to break free, but was unsuccessful with every attempt and finally just fell backwards, landing with force atop the creature.  The sulka released him and Ayden leapt up and spun around to slice the beast with his weapons.  Milky blood splattered on his face and clothes, leaving a horrid, acidic stench.  
Ayden joined his companions as they slowly beat down their enemies.  Devlin took down several spuds with his knives as Nya stabbed at one with her staff.  Her eyes burned white-hot as her weapon burned through one screaming sulka after another.  Endia helped to distract other adversaries, giving Nya time to give them her attention.
A couple of hours went by and the fighting wore on.  Maybe Sabina didn't know how to count, because it seemed to Ayden that the more sulkas they killed, the more sulkas there were to be killed.  Eventually, however, their numbers diminished until only a handful remained.  The companions bore down on them, forcing them to flee to the bottle neck.  



Chapter Forty-Four
Second String

Ayden was tired, but not nearly as tired as he thought he'd be.  As he replaced his weapons on his belt, he looked to Volos whose bald head glistened with sweat.  "Well," Ayden said as he caught his breath, "That was easy!"
Volos chuckled and the companions reformed the circle they'd lost during battle.  Volos looked at everyone as his face sobered.  "Round one.  We need to do better at keeping this circle around Ayden.  If it would've been anything other than sulkas, we may not have been so lucky."
Guilty faces shone all around Ayden, causing him to feel irritated.  "Volos, it's okay.  No one was paying attention to circles--we were fighting."
Volos scowled at him, but his eyes held nothing but concern.  "If we don't keep you safe, we may as well put up a white flag and hand the sword to Degus ourselves."  Then looking around to the rest of the group, he stated flatly, "We keep the circle tight."
No one argued.  No one had time.  A sudden flood of warriors poured from the bottle neck into the dead sulka-infested cauldron.  The companions readied themselves, inching ever so slightly closer to Ayden.  He drew his sword, and then did exactly what Volos had always instructed him NOT to do; he focused on the mass of innumerable bodies rushing toward them like a giant wave of deadly insects.  We're all going to die!  And it's all my fault!  
He wanted desperately to scream "retreat!" but his voice had already done so, rendering him speechless. Volos' booming voice commanded, "Ready!  Keep the circle tight!  Keep Ayden and the sword safe!  Go!"
Before Ayden knew what was happening, he and his circle of friends were charging toward the wall of adversaries.  Vicious cries of war, clanking weapons, and screams of pain and death filled his ears.  His companions, in spite of the rush of bodies and weapons against them, admirably kept a circle around Ayden, forcing the enemies away.  Even so, several opponents seeped through to Ayden who cringed at helping them find their deaths.
These were not sulkas.  The haunted eyes of elves, Veela, humans, and fairies greeted them with blinded hate.  Whatever Degus had done to them, she had done it well.  They fought with fearless fury, giving everything they had to end the life of anyone who stood in the way of their purpose, which was to kill Ayden and retrieve the sword. 
Suddenly, Nya screamed as she was pulled away from the circle by a devilish looking Veela.  Ayden managed to help free her, but the circle was broken and adversaries swarmed him, separating him from the siren.  He could see Volos and Keena furiously beating away bodies, attempting to get to him.  Sabina had become enraged and transformed.  With nails and teeth bared, she ripped through the flesh of several more bodies, but made no progress as two bodies replaced every one that she killed.
Devlin was suddenly beside Ayden.  His knives were only flashes of silver as he sliced at two elves and then threw a knife into the chest of a human.  Ayden put his back against Devlin's and they fended off more of Degus' army.  The other companions were swallowed in a wave of merciless warriors.  Ayden screamed, "There are too many!  We can't get past them all!"
Devlin didn't answer but growled as his body became rigid, causing Ayden to fear the worst.  He thrust his sword into the chest of what he was sure was a human and then turned frantically to Devlin.  Instead of finding the siren wounded, he saw that Devlin was smiling broadly as he gazed toward the edge of the cauldron.  "We're no longer alone!" he stated enthusiastically.
Ayden kicked away another body and then chanced a glance toward the ridge.  The rim of the cauldron was lined with live bodies.  Ayden's heart leapt and his energy received a sudden boost as he recognized Palmaero.  The stallion stood like an admiral before an army of unicorns of every size and color.  The sun reflected off their coats, causing an illusion of fire dancing around their shining forms.
The unicorns were not alone.  Beside them stood a vast army of fairies and elves, humans, and even--was that? Yes!  Skeezicks stood at the head of a small group of dwarves in full armor, ready for battle!  Ayden recognized more faces--faces that he had once fought against and taken to Hosgrow.  Faces filled with fierce gratitude and loyalty.
Volos' voice boomed over the sound of battle, announcing to their enemies the arrival of their allies.  Many of Degus' army turned toward the newcomers, but more bodies filed through the bottleneck, giving everyone plenty to fight.
As Ayden engaged in a dual with an elf, Palmaero reared and trumpeted with a shrill, high-pitched whistle.  A cascade of brilliant bodies poured over the ridge toward the army waiting below.  The unicorns were merciless warriors, thrusting their horns into the guts of their enemies and flinging them across the battle field.  Sharpened teeth and hooves throttled and tore at anyone stupid enough to oppose them.  
The elf Ayden battled was tough.  His movements were all too crisp and deadly accurate.  Their weapons struck, spewing showers of sparks around them.  The weapons parted and stars disrupted Ayden's visions as the elf's heel connected with Ayden's chin.  He held his ground, refusing to fall, and sliced the air with his dragon blade, narrowly missing the elf's throat.  A body fell between them and Ayden's feet were suddenly pinned beneath it-he couldn't move!  He dodged the elf's strikes as Volos' lessons flooded his memory.
The elf swung his blade swiftly toward Ayden who had to limbo in order to avoid losing his head.  The flat of the elf's blade brushed against the tip of Ayden's nose as it sliced through the air parallel to his backward- bent body.  He stood and blocked the elf's weapon as it was swiftly swung back toward him.  They pressed against each other as dark eyes bore into Ayden's. The elf hissed, "You don't deserve such a weapon!  Our steel was meant for greatness!"
"You mean like being puppets for a dark sorceress?" Ayden growled back.  As he finally loosed his feet, the elf pushed him, then took his sword and moved so quickly that, for one horrid moment, Ayden thought he was dead.  But the tip of an arrow suddenly appeared through the elf's chest, momentarily paralyzing him before he fell atop another body.  Ayden would have to thank Da'ewyn later.
He glanced quickly to the side, seeing that the dwarves were chopping the legs of their adversaries like trees.  Ayden caught Skeezick's eyes and they nodded to each other before continuing the battle.
Slowly, the circle re-formed around Ayden and they began to make their way toward the bottleneck.  They passed hundreds of fallen bodies.  A few, much to Ayden's dismay, were Palmaero's troop.  The fairies and elves had taken many losses as well.  Meadow fairies transformed and zipped toward opponents and transformed again, using the element of surprise to their advantage. But the fairies on the opposing team were all too aware of their tactics and overcame many of their opposition.  The sooner I get to Degus, the sooner this can all be over! Ayden thought.
Just as they were approaching the mouth of the bottleneck, a series of earsplitting screeches filled the air.  Despair cornered Ayden as a menacing black cloud of Razr birds swarmed them from above.  In the light of day, Ayden could see their serrated beaks and hideously long, spiked necks.  Not caring who they terminated, the devil birds snapped their wings toward the masses below.  Bodies fell to the earth like flies as the dagger-feathers ripped through the crowd.  
Ayden tore one of the daggers that Da'ewyn had made from his belt and flung with full force as a Razr swooped toward them.  The dagger sank into its chest and the bird dropped to the ground with a blood-curdling screech as warriors dodged out of its way.
Da'ewyn grabbed at Ayden's belt, taking two more daggers.  From out of nowhere, she produced some thin rope and tied the daggers to two of her arrows.  Aiming carefully, she shot the arrows simultaneously into the air, taking down two more of the birds.
With sickening horror, Ayden watched as many more of Palmaero's troops fell to the feathers of the Razr birds.  He flung Phantom and Whisper one at a time with one hand, turned and beheaded a siren, sheathed his sword, and then caught his other weapons as they returned from slaughtering another bird. 
Another rain of black daggers showered down on them.  Ayden's insides jolted as Volos growled in pain.  Four feathers were imbedded into his back.  He looked at Ayden with a fierce expression.  "Keep going!  You have to get to Degus!"
Ayden didn't want to leave his friend.  Keena took Volos' side, "You heard him!  Keep going!  We can manage ourselves!"
In spite of Volos' and Keena's valiant efforts, Ayden and the others were unable to grant their command.  The Razr birds continued their attack along with the ground forces.  Ayden felt the heat of one of their dagger-like feathers as it sliced through his forearm.  Ignoring the pain and bleeding, he continued to fight.  
After several minutes, Ayden was convinced it was all but over.  With the help of the Razr birds, even Palmaero and his troops could not overcome their adversaries.  They had all received several more wounds from the deadly feathers.  If nothing else, they would bleed to death before they passed the bottle neck.
The air filled with a growling blast of noise. Glancing at the sky, Ayden expected to see blackened clouds and the return of the storm.  Instead, a wave of excitement rushed through his body as he looked just in time to see the silver dragon swoop through the air toward a Razr bird.  The broken silver chain swung from her neck as she angled through the air. She wasn't alone.  Ayden's core pulsed with the power of five more dragons' battle cries.  A blue, green, red, gold, and another silver dragon swooped through the air, their wings stretched out like giant kites and their teeth shining like polished blades.  
Ayden's silver dragon bore down on the Razr bird as it flung its wing feathers at her.  They seemed more like real feathers as they bounced uselessly off of the dragon's shining scales.  The dragon raised her head, then thrust it forward as she breathed icy fire at the Razr bird.  The blast paralyzed the bird long enough for the dragon to grasp it in her claws and tear it in two.
Ayden was joined by a multitude of grateful warriors as they cheered their heroes. The red and gold dragons tucked in their wings and spun gracefully through the air, avoiding a rain of black daggers.  They then breathed fire, sending two more Razrs to their fiery deaths.  The blue and other silver breathed icy flames, then clamped their jaws around their prey, causing the birds to shriek as their bodies cracked between powerful jaws and teeth.  The red dragon swung its tail, which carried vicious looking spikes, and knocked a Razr bird clear out of the battlefield.  
Ayden could've lost himself watching the grace and power of the dragons' attack on the birds; however, Da'ewyn's voice drew him to the task at hand.  "Come on!  We need to keep moving!"
He scanned for Volos and Keena, but couldn't find them in the mess of fighting bodies.  The rest of the companions urged him forward.  They made it to the middle of the bottleneck and were forced to stop.  More of Degus' army blocked the entrance leading to the large opening where she waited.  
Tired and bleeding, Ayden and company forced their way through the narrow crevice.  Fighting was even more difficult, given the lack of space. 
Da'ewyn screamed with rage as another Veela drove a knife through her shoulder.  The princess grabbed an arrow, but was too close to her subject to shoot.  So she simply thrust the weapon into her attacker's eye, sending the other Veela screaming and running away, covering her face.
Then, it seemed, everything went downhill.  More warriors entered the already compacted crevice and overpowered Ayden and his friends.  Their Razr wounds continued to bleed, along with many other scrapes, cuts, and gouges.  They were getting weaker with every passing second and they knew it.  Ayden felt overwhelmed, tired, and hopeless.  
A human with the body of professional wrestler carrying a club bore down on Ayden.  It was a crude weapon, but the boy had skills.  With Ayden's weakness and attitude, it wasn't long before he found himself on the ground, rolling back and forth as he narrowly missed the boy's skull smashing weapon.  Horrible thoughts taunted him.  Thoughts of giving up, of letting the man smash his brains out to end it all. 
But then something happened that unnerved him more than anything he'd seen or done that day--more than the severed body parts and splaying blood or the corpse-infested ground.  Freya's voice sounded in his mind, but not as an echo or a memory like before.  As clearly as if she was standing next to him, Ayden heard his grandmother's desperate plea, "Ayden!  Hurry!"
Ayden's feet found earth before he had time to contemplate what he was doing.  Grabbing the pouch from his belt, he flung muddle powder in the boy's face, causing instant confusion. The stunned human before him was a blur of blood and flesh as Ayden screamed with rage and panic, slicing through anything and anyone else in his path.  Unaware of the source of Ayden's sudden renewed strength and sense of urgency, his companions faithfully followed suit.
The small group mowed their way through the bottleneck, leaving a mass of bodies in their wake.  They reached the entrance to the larger opening of the "hourglass".  Ayden readied himself for the next wall of warriors that was certain to be waiting for them.  He and the others ran through the opening, screaming and raising their weapons.
A line of ten warriors stood like statues, waiting for the companions.  Ayden didn't take time to ponder where the rest of the warriors could be.  He ran full force at the man before him, ready to slice him with his weapons.  But as they struck, the bodies vanished like the mist in the morning sun.  Stunned, everyone stood tensed and ready for anything.
Ayden's eyes rested on the five trolls standing guard in a semi- circle before a shining, black, stone throne.  Through a crack between their bodies, Ayden could see a stark contrasting white figure sitting calmly at the edge of the throne's seat.  His heart attempted to break out of its bone prison and make a run for it.  Degus!  



Chapter Forty-Five
Betrayal?


This was the moment Ayden had been dreading; the moment that would decide the fate of his grandmother, her voice still clear and desperate in his ears; the moment that would decide the fate of the entire world of Shae Vale.  And he would be responsible for whatever that fate would be.  
Ayden fought to keep his vision clear as these thoughts, the loss of blood and energy, and the ever growing sense of fear ripped apart his sanity.  Two of the trolls stomped forward.  Da'ewyn released an arrow, striking one between its eyes.  The beast crashed to the ground, sending a cloud of black dust into the air.  Ayden threw Whisper at the other.  He imagined its faint sound chanting, "Kill! Kill! Kill!" as it spun madly toward the troll's throat.  But, much to Ayden's dismay, the weapon suddenly stopped in mid-air, spinning wildly in one spot as if it were caught on an invisible pole, then fell to the ground.  The troll smirked and continued forward with a confident swagger as another of Degus' guards joined him.
"No way!" Sabina said in disbelief.  She was staring at the troll striding to join his companion.  "It's him!  He's the one I fought at the scrap fights!"
Ayden kept his eyes on the trolls as he asked, "How can you tell?"  
"He has a tattoo on his arm," she answered.
Ayden looked quickly to see a faded tattoo of a troll ripping the head off of some poor creature.  He stifled a shiver and asked Sabina, "So, you ready for another round with him?"
Sabina cracked her knuckles, "I thought you'd never ask!"  Like the shadow of a passing dragon in flight, Sabina glided across the ground toward the troll, her blood matted red hair and black cloak billowing behind her.  The troll chuckled as she approached, glad to have a second chance at the vampire that had defeated him once before. 
Ayden thought about throwing Phantom, but after what had happened with Whisper, he didn't want to risk losing another weapon.  They raced after Sabina, who was easily dodging blows from the troll's gigantic fists.  She was laughing, taunting the troll to an enraged state.  
The troll bellowed angrily and then suddenly had Sabina in his grip.  Her scream was cut short as the troll crushed her body with his rock hard fingers.
"NO!" Ayden yelled.  An arrow shot through the air so fast, Ayden barely saw it before it was protruding from the troll's forehead.  The beast dropped Sabina, who fell to the ground gasping for air.  Ayden raced forward and pulled her out of the way as the troll joined the dust.  
"Are you okay?" Ayden asked quickly.  Devlin and Nya had engaged battle with the other troll, their siren eyes burning white.  He needed to help, but he had to make sure Sabina was alright.  
Sabina nodded and croaked, "I'm okay.  Go help."
Ayden raced behind Da'ewyn toward the other troll.  He noticed that Da'ewyn's quiver was empty and yelled to her.  She continued to run as she turned toward Ayden, carefully catching the two Razr daggers that he threw to her.  
As they bore down on the troll together, Ayden could see from the corner of his eye one of the humans standing beside Degus' throne.  The sorceress turned her face (which Ayden had yet to get a good look at) toward the human and nodded.  Ayden dodged the troll's foot by half an inch.  Devlin was stabbing the other leg with a knife, and Nya was searing its flesh with her fiery staff.  The creature roared with pain and fury as it swung its club toward its attackers.  The weapon found dirt as everyone dodged death.
The human to whom Degus had nodded walked forward as casually as if she were on an afternoon stroll.  She stopped and raised her hands toward the defenders swarming around the troll like flies.  Strange words fell from her lips, causing Ayden to turn his attention toward her.  She had the same haunted, haughty look as the warriors, and an unbecoming smirk crept over her lips as they spouted an incantation.  
Before he could blink, a burning stream of a fiery whip shot from her hand and struck Da'ewyn.  The princess released a horrific scream as the whip wrapped around her body, melting through her leather armor like butter and scorching her skin.  Sabina was at her side in an instant, but as she tried to pull the rope of fire from Da'ewyn, her hands were burned, forcing her to released it.  
"Da'ewyn!" Ayden screamed as the whip pulled the Veela from the group and threw her half way across the arena.  Her body lay crumpled and distorted, smoldering and lifeless in the black dirt.
The whip hissed through the air again.  Ayden felt sudden hateful rage as he took a Razr dagger and threw it at the sorceress.  She had been focused and aiming at Nya, but her face became stone as Ayden's dagger sank into her chest.
Devlin had somehow climbed his way to the top of the troll during the commotion and slit its throat with a furious cry.  He leapt to the ground as the troll and the sorceress fell simultaneously to their deaths.
The four remaining companions turned their attention to the figure on the throne.  Ayden was shocked to see not the face of a horrid old witch, but a very young woman, her features outshining Sabina's.  Golden hair haloed a face that carried stunning, overly large, flashing green eyes.  She thrust her elegant body to a stand and dramatically pointed a single finger toward the fallen human sorceress; the flowing lace of her white gown jumped around her like frenzied snowflakes caught in a net.  
The fallen body of the other sorceress convulsed as waves of energy washed over her and then traveled through an air stream into Degus' outstretched finger.  With sickening horror, Ayden realized that Degus had just drained all the magical power from the fallen sorceress, combining it with her own.
The sorceress then turned to the other human, whom Ayden still could not see for the bulking troll that stood in his way.  Devlin's leather necklace suddenly tore and his charm flew through the air and out of reach. Without warning, Nya and Devlin turned on each other.  The fire had left their eyes only to be replaced with sheer horror as they raised their weapons toward one other, their movements stiff like dolls forced into every motion.
Ayden and Sabina screamed and ran toward the brother and sister.  Ayden could see the two straining with every ounce of strength to resist the force of the spell washing over them.  Tears streamed down Nya's face, and Devlin bore a terrified, skeletal grimace as he watched his own knife clad hand raise in readiness to stab his sister.  Nya screamed as her arms swung her staff toward her brother. 
Ayden felt like he was in a terrible nightmare, running as fast as he could, but unable to reach the sirens in time to stop the inevitable.  At the exact moment, Devlin's knife struck Nya's chest, and Nya's staff struck Devlin's chest.  Ayden's voice sounded muffled and far away under the rushing of blood in his ears as he screamed; he watched the sirens, their eyes stunned and sad, as they fell away from each other to the earth.  
Ayden tried to reach them, but before he could take another step an invisible rope caught his stomach and pulled back, knocking the wind out of him.  He heard Sabina grunt as she fell to the ground several feet away in the same fashion.  Their bodies dragged across the ground toward the throne.  Struggle as he might, Ayden could not break free from the phantom rope bound around his waist.  
Nearer and nearer Ayden and Sabina scraped across the ground toward the throne, and toward the other human.  Through the dust billowing around him, Ayden could tell it was a man.  Jared's face flashed through his mind as dirt scraped against his skin, grinding into his cuts and deepening his bruises.  They seemed to go on this way forever, eating dirt and twisting helplessly against the invisible ropes.  
Finally, they stopped.  Ayden coughed and groaned as he forced himself onto his wobbling hands and knees.  A pair of feet greeted his vision.  Squinting through the grime in his eyes, Ayden looked up at his attacker, the sorcerer who had ruthlessly drug him and Sabina--who lay unconscious several feet away--to Degus.
Ayden would've given anything to have died with his friends if only to avoid the sight that greeted his swelling eyes.  His heart felt as if it was ripped from his chest and ground into the dusty earth.  
Pax hovered over him, a sinister and hungry glare etched across his face. 



Chapter Forty-Six
Sacrifice


A light, airy laugh reached Ayden's ears, contradicting the shock that had frozen him in his humbled position.  Degus had strolled to Pax's side and, looking down her pointed, pixie-like nose, laughed at Ayden.  "Well done," she said as she placed a hand on Pax's shoulder.  He immediately stood rigid like a soldier and stared straight ahead, his face expressionless.
Slowly, the shock dissipated as the beast of rage took over inside Ayden.  Finding strength that he should not have had, he wobbled to a stand and faced Degus.  The sorceress smirked at him and then turned and walked back to her throne.  She did not sit, but stood like a beautiful white statue, smiling serenely at Ayden.  
"What have you done to him?" Ayden asked through dirt and blood covered teeth.  His body shook from weakness and rage.  
Degus chuckled, but didn't answer immediately.  Instead, she looked Ayden up and down and smiled more broadly, as if amused.  Then she tipped a shoulder toward her chin and with a coy voice that Ayden would've normally found pleasant, even alluring, said, "I've always loved a good surprise."
Ayden released a guttural howl as he leapt toward Degus, grabbing his sword as he did so.  He didn't get far.  Degus casually raised a hand as if to shoo a fly, and Ayden screamed in pain as shocks of electricity coursed through his body and he fell to the ground.  
Pax's malicious glare had returned as he forced the curse upon Ayden.  He writhed in pain, unable to break free.  He felt as if his skin would peel from his bones as the jagged ribbons of energy rippled over him. After several seconds, each seeming as several hours, Pax ceased and became a toy soldier again, his eyes glassy.
Ayden fought to keep from losing focus as Degus' tinkling laughter insulted his ears.  Why doesn't she just take it already?  He forced back tears that threatened to betray his weakening will.  The sorceress walked over and crouched beside him.  Taking his chin in her long fingers, she tilted his face toward hers.  Looking steadily into his eyes, she clicked her tongue and said, "I really was expecting greater things from you.  You haven't even put up a fight."
She released Ayden and then stood, turned away, and gracefully found her way to her black throne.  She sat at the edge of the seat, elegant and poised.  What is she waiting for?  Ayden thought as he brought himself again to his knees, and then to a shaking stand.  Degus' eyes gleamed at him and at once he knew. She wants me to keep fighting.  She wants to be entertained. These arenas were stages!
Ayden's brows dove toward the bridge of his nose as he clenched his jaw.  He stared into Degus' eyes, not willing to be intimidated, and not willing to be her toy.  He took his dragon blade, its shining silver covered with blood and dirt, and threw it at Degus' feet.  "I will not entertain you!"
Degus' face clouded ever so slightly before she put on another superficial smile.  "You would never have survived this long, had you not already been my entertainment.  And now, you still have no choice," she stated calmly.  The trolls that stood beside her suddenly came to life, raising their clubs over their heads, ready to smash Ayden to a pulp.  
Ayden lunged away from the first blow and narrowly missed the second troll's weapon.  The jagged club scraped against Ayden's side, tearing his cloak and gouging his skin.  Weakly, he stood to face them as he grabbed Phantom from his belt.  The weapon leapt from his hand and flung itself into the lake, barely causing a ripple in the glass-smooth water.
Degus gave Ayden a glaring smile.  Sabina moaned as she began to regain consciousness.  One of the trolls turned its attention to her and raised its club.  Ayden took his last Razr dagger and flung it wildly at the troll.  The blade sank into the beast's arm, causing it to turn its attention back to him.  
He ran toward Degus as the trolls swung their clubs down on him.  The sorceress vanished half a second before her throne was smashed to bits.  Large chunks of black marble spun through the air, followed by a shower of dust and debris.  Degus re-appeared beside the toy-soldier Pax and draped a forearm casually over his shoulder as she continued to watch.
Ayden backed toward the lake as the trolls lumbered toward him.  He was out of weapons, save the Sword of Songs.  The enchantress' words echoed in his mind to use it only for the purpose for which it was meant.  But he was willing to risk it to save his life.
Water seeped through the heel of Ayden's moccasin as he stood firm at the edge of the lake.  Slowly, he raised his hand and reached toward the Sword of Songs as the trolls raised their weapons. 
As Ayden's fingers brushed against the sword's hilt, the lake behind him came to life.  Yelling, he turned fearfully toward the water and watched in amazement as the smooth surface sprouted two huge, watery arms.  The trolls didn't have time to make a sound; huge fists of swirling water engulfed the beasts, jerking them into the lake, but not before Ayden saw them again--the faces of his parents, angry and determined, as they pulled the trolls to their deaths.  
The faces and watery arms were gone as quickly as they'd come. The lake became still once again, reflecting the sky and rocks around it like a tranquil mirror.
Ayden ran toward the water, but was yanked back by the invisible rope once again.  He flew through the air and was forced to the ground.  
The sight of his parents gave him a new sense of purpose.  He had to keep fighting; he had to survive, not just for Freya and Shae Vale, but for the chance to see his parents again.  
Rising to his feet, Ayden faced Degus.  But Pax stood between them, the dark madness once again in his eyes.  Ayden looked steadily at Pax and said urgently, "Don't do it.  You know me; you don't want to hurt me!" 
Giant invisible hands grasped Ayden and squeezed.  He couldn't move as the pressure forced all the air from his lungs.  Pax's hands mimicked what Ayden felt as a hideous lustful pleasure spread across the young man's face.  
Ayden couldn't breathe.  He tried to talk to Pax again, but it was no use.  Then, like sweet music, Sabina's voice broke through the madness.  "Pax!  Stop!"
She limped over to the sorcerer, and Ayden thought he felt the slightest release from Pax's grip.  Sabina didn't try to touch him, but came as close as she dared and spoke softly, "Pax, I've read your journal. Please don't be angry.  I know how you feel about me.  But, please, stop this craziness.  Give me a chance to show you how I feel."  
Pax's grip loosened slightly more, and Sabina moved to where she nearly blocked his vision from Ayden.  "Please, Pax, let go. I was tempted, too.  I wanted to take the sword, to find a cure with it.  But I made a better choice, and you can, too."
Ayden was loose enough now to gasp precious oxygen back into his lungs.  Pax was looking at Sabina, his eyes a little lighter.
"What are you doing?" Degus' voice, now powerful and terrifying, shook the air.  "Be done with her and finish him!" she commanded.
Pax closed his eyes tight as he tried to force his hand to break away from the curse he had on Ayden.  "Let go, Pax! You can do this.  You don't have to be her slave!" Sabina screeched.  Then, she released the beginning of a scream, cut short by curse from Degus, which sent Sabina to her knees.  She looked imploringly up at Pax, her eyes wide and bulging as she opened her mouth to speak, but no sound came.  Then, she crumpled to the ground and moved no more.
Pax's eyes flew open and, seeing Sabina white and motionless on the ground, he fought again to release Ayden.  "You will NOT defy me!  I gave you what you wanted most--the power of a great sorcerer!" Degus spat at Pax.  Then she composed herself and, as Pax struggled, Degus taunted Ayden.
"I should tell you, your friend has been most helpful to me over the course of the past few weeks." She smiled at Pax whose body was beginning to shake as great drops of sweat poured from his face.  "He doesn't know it, but," she covered Pax's ears lightly with her hands, "his uncle died at my hand."
Pax's eyes widened, new tears fell from them. "If I'd captured his apprentice, I would've drained him then, too, for what little power he had." She glared at Pax.  
"But what luck!" She waved her hands in the air in gleeful fashion.  "To find that he had joined the one person who could lead me to the Elrohir's sword.  As soon as he opened the stone window and was marked by its power, I could feel his energy.  Well, most of the time." She glared at Ayden, her flawless face full of evil delight.  "I really should thank you, Ayden Greenwillow.  Without your ignorance, I could never have tracked you all quite so well.  You see, it wasn't only magic that alerted me to Pax's location, but his jealousy toward you."  
Ayden's heart skipped a beat.  He was certain Degus felt it, for she smiled approvingly before continuing.  "Negative energy is very powerful, Ayden.  It can drive one to madness--or to greatness!"  She caressed Pax's back and smiled at his face, which was now a light shade of burgundy.  "Once that oaf Jared decided to steal the map for himself--yes, he was working for me--I knew I had to tap into Pax's energy more fiercely.  The negative energy was already there, I just gave it a bit of a nudge.  It was as simple as picking a ripe apple, bringing him here yesterday.  You must've upset him terribly."  Her lips curled as fire shot through her eyes.
Ayden fought against Pax's ever weakening spell as guilt took over his thoughts.  All that time, it hadn't been just Nyxia giving them away, but Pax!  But only because Ayden had treated him so poorly.
Finally able to breathe enough to speak, Ayden rasped, "Let him go.  The sword has nothing to do with him."
"Ah, but you have the sword, and you are also connected to him.  No, I will not release him."  Turning again to Pax, Degus' face clouded and she spoke subtle but powerful foreign words.  Pax's face crumpled and Ayden yelled again as the invisible hands pressed against him more forcefully.  Pax's eyes were boring into Ayden's, and he knew his friend was struggling.  Unable to speak again, he hoped the look in his eyes would be enough to urge his friend to fight.
Pax's face turned stark white.  His body trembled so fiercely, Ayden was amazed that he could stay on his feet. Slowly, the pressure loosened as Pax fought against Degus, who stopped whispering and shouted into Pax's ear, scorning him with her strange, vicious words. 
Ayden was released as he heard a sound that would haunt him for the rest of his life.  As if his very soul were being ripped from his body, a blood freezing scream ripped from Pax's throat.  He screamed for what seemed minutes, the sickening sound echoing through the arena. Then, he fell to his knees, his arms hanging flaccid.  
Degus' face contorted with rage and, without warning, she flicked her wrist.  Ayden watched as his dragon blade flew from the ground and struck Pax in the shoulder, flinging him back and pinning him to the ground.  
Degus sauntered over to Pax's fallen body and raised her arm, pointing her finger as she had done when the other sorceress had fallen.
NOT THIS TIME!  The adrenaline of fear and rage pumped through Ayden's body, giving him the fuel he needed to rise from the ground.  As fingers of light washed over Pax's body, Ayden drew the Sword of Songs and leapt at Degus.  The sorceress turned toward him fearfully.  She vanished and re-appeared near her broken throne, denying Ayden's vengeance.  But at least her connection to Pax had been broken.  
Ayden faced Degus.  The sorceress had recomposed herself and looked at the blade with fear and lust.  She stared at it for a long period before speaking, causing Ayden to jump for fear she was casting another spell.
"Very clever of your ancestor, don't you think, to hide it under the very spot where the king had fallen?" she said calmly.  "To think of all the years I wasted, searching all of Shae Vale, when it was right under my nose this whole time," she said before darkness dropped over her face like a black curtain, causing her beautiful features to become twisted and ugly.  "You will give me the sword!"
Ayden was certain, Degus being so powerful, that he wouldn't be able to resist her.  But tingling washed through his hands and up his arms as Degus' magic absorbed into the blade, protecting him. Ayden smiled back slyly, suddenly feeling much more confident.  "If you want it, come take it from me!"
Like a starved wolf after meat held in a trap, Degus approached slowly, wanting desperately to have the sword, but terrified to take it.  She stopped just shy of Ayden's striking distance.  She gazed longingly at the sword and then loathingly into Ayden's eyes.  "You will give the blade to me," she said with calm assurance.
"Yes, I imagine I will," Ayden replied, and then lunged at her with a warrior's cry.  But just as the blade was about to sink into Degus' chest, she vanished again.  
Before Ayden could find her, something struck the back of his head so hard, it sent him hurling to the ground.  The rocky earth once again beat on him as he crashed into it, losing his grip on the sword.  The power he'd been feeling fled as the sword left his touch.  
Ayden fought to remain conscious as he rolled over painfully to the sound of Degus' triumphant laughter.  A bloodied stone lay inches away.  Degus had foregone using magic and resorted to throwing stones.  The result, unfortunately, had been to her advantage.  
The sorceress sauntered triumphantly to the sword.  Ayden felt dizzy and defeated. Utter shame and failure seized him as Degus laughed maniacally and reached toward the Sword of Songs.  Energy glowed and sparked between her fingers and the blade, sending shocking reflections off of her gleaming eyes.  She looked at Ayden, smiling broadly.  "Thank you, Ayden," she said.  "At last, I will be able to rule this land and make it great!  And you," she looked down her nose at Ayden, "shall live if you swear fealty to me.  You have talent, potential.  With me, you could become the greatest defender of all time--defending me."


Chapter Forty-Seven
The One Note


The strongest hate poisoned Ayden's blood.  She had taken his family, his friends, and his hopes.  How dare she make him any sort of offer?  Baring his teeth like a rabid dog, but still hopelessly weak, Ayden snarled at her, "You can go straight back to the depths!"
Degus smiled viciously.  "I don't have to. I'm bringing the depths to me!"  She gripped the hilt of the magical sword and laughed hysterically as she raised it over Ayden's body, her eyes filled with evil pleasure.  
Ayden lay on his back, no longer caring if he lived or died.  Everyone and everything he knew was gone.  Just let it end--let me be free of this place that's cursed now because of my failure!
He didn't close his eyes.  Not that it would matter, but he wished for his face to haunt Degus forever.  He wanted her to see his eyes in her darkest dreams.  As the sorceress raised the sword higher, ready to sheath it into Ayden's heart and end his life, a single note sounded through the air like beautiful bird song.  
Degus froze, her face draining of color and her eyes bulging. The sound was faint, but grew louder and stronger with every beat of Ayden's excited heart.  It was the most pure, most beautiful, most powerful sound he'd ever heard.  It brought hope to his heart, strength to his body and, in spite of everything, he found himself wanting to laugh with joy. 
Degus reacted differently. The song of the sword rang powerfully through the air as her face twisted painfully and fearfully.  She threw the sword to the ground and covered her ears, screaming as if tortured.  Ayden expected the music to stop once the sword hit the stones.  But as the sound continued, he suddenly realized that the weapon was not the source of the music.  
Frantically, Ayden searched the area where Devlin and Nya had fallen.  Goosebumps erupted over his body as he watched Nya force herself to stand.  Her mouth was open, releasing the beautiful music that Ayden loved and Degus loathed.  Nya stood like a pale ghost, a knife protruding from her shoulder and golden red blood shining bright against her soiled dress.
"Nya, no--the curse!"  Ayden tried to shout.  But his voice was drowned out as Nya sang louder, sending the power of her voice through the arena.  The single note became a chorus of echoes bouncing off walls of rock.  
Degus screamed louder and then opened her eyes furiously, fixing them on the siren who was sacrificing her life to save Ayden's.  Every molecule in Ayden's body screamed for him to rush to Nya, to try to save her.  I can't lose her!  But the dark figure of Degus loomed over him, her expression black and focused on the siren.
This was it; if he didn't take this chance, he was certain he would never have another.  Ayden stared into Nya's eyes for a small, hopeless moment. Filled with overwhelming grief and urgency, he tore his gaze away from Nya and lunged forward.  As the siren's voice rang on and Degus began to chant a curse to end the music, Ayden grabbed the Sword of Songs from the earth, scraping his knuckles on stone.  
Once again, the illusion of slow motion set in as he raised the hilt of the sword level to his chest and lunged forward.  Degus turned suddenly to throw a curse his way, shooting black lightning from her hands; but the energy absorbed into the sword, sending prickles through Ayden's body.  The connection kept the sorceress from vanishing, and the blade found her chest, piercing deeply into her heart.  
Ayden tried to withdraw the sword, but it held fast as Degus' shocked face stared into his.  She shook violently, and Ayden attempted to release the sword, but found it to be like holding a hot electrical wire--he couldn't let go!
Waves of powerful energy swept over him until he was certain he would explode from the intensity.  Every scar, every cut, every bruise screamed with pain.  And still, the sword was unwilling to release him. 
Ayden was forced to look, repulsed, into Degus' terrified eyes as her face changed from young and beautiful to ancient and crumpled.  It cracked as she convulsed wildly.  When Ayden thought he could endure no more, a sudden explosion emanated from where the sword extending from Degus' chest.  Ayden was finally released, and he shot like a ball from a cannon as a shock wave thrust him through the air.  He landed on his back and his head snapped against the stony ground, sending him once again into a dark void as the earth beneath him shook violently as if to rid itself of the sorceress' evil.



Chapter Forty-Eight
Miracle


Ayden's mind swam through a river of dark and twisted dreams.  Faces of his friends, bloodied and stiff, stared back at him with wide, vacant eyes.  Body parts flung around him as he cut his way through a forest of adversaries, only to be stopped by a large, black shadow.  But then, the music started.  That beautiful, magical note--Nya's voice--caressed his mind.  The gruesome images faded, replaced with beauty and light.  
Ayden groaned and wobbled his head back and forth.  Slowly he opened his eyes and the music echoed away like a dream as the nightmare of reality rushed him.  His body was reluctant to move, his muscles were numb with utter fatigue. He drifted in and out of consciousness several times, not certain how long he slept or how long he was awake.  Time seemed to have stopped.  But the earth, at least, was still again. 
Although he knew he was physically alive, inside Ayden felt dead.  All of his friends, the people he loved, were dead.  
Nya! 
And, even if Freya had been spared, he could never face her knowing he'd caused the deaths of so many loved ones.  Grief overwhelmed him.  He wanted to return to his dark dreams, to escape from his dark reality, but his eyes seemed to be stuck open.
Thirst gripped Ayden's throat, and he was seized with a coughing fit.  He turned his head toward the Glass Lake, but didn't move.  He sobbed, allowing what little tears he had to make pathways through the dirt and blood on his face.  Their saltiness stung the cuts and he welcomed the pain.  If he'd had the strength, he would've found his dragon blade and thrust it into his own heart, simply to be freed from the anguish ripping through his body.
A movement on the lake caught Ayden's eye.  He stilled and focused on a white--something--flowing across the surface as if it were skating smoothly across ice.  It was no more than a white blob at the far end of the lake, but took form as it glided toward him.  Maybe it's an angel.  Maybe I am dead.
As the blob drew closer, Ayden could make out the bobbing heads and flying manes of white horses as they raced across the top of the lake.  The water didn't stir, no ripples were made, but a swirling mist curled around the horses' legs as their hooves glided over the mirrored lake.  The sound of plucking harp strings reached Ayden's ears and he watched the horses change direction.  
Four rows of silver strings trailed from each side of the six horses' mouths and into the hands of a woman riding a crystal sleigh.  The blindingly white horses snorted and tossed their heads as the woman plucked the strings, releasing a different tune.  This time the horses thundered close to Ayden and stopped short, snorting and tossing their manes as if being still was intolerable for them.  A few of the horses pawed at the stony ground with their silver hooves, causing sparks to flare beneath them.  The woman, whose dress looked like ocean colored ice splayed over a window, plucked the strings again, releasing a calming chord that stilled the horses.
The woman laid the silky silver strings across the bow of the sleigh and stood.  She alighted gracefully from her crystal vehicle and glided to where Ayden lay, mesmerized and absolutely convinced he was seeing an angel.  
The woman's fair face was accented by tendrils of curly white hair; the rest of her hair was swept up in a mass at the top of her head, giving the illusion of a halo.  Eyes as deep and blue as the sapphire sky behind her sparkled down at Ayden.  A soft glow surrounded her body as she smiled.
"Who are you?" Ayden asked, his dry voice barely a whisper.
"One whom you have seen before, though not with gladness at my last appearance, I think," she said with a familiar voice.
"You're the enchantress?"
She nodded and smiled tenderly at Ayden. "My name is Sanari."  
He scowled and said, "You look different.  Your eyes, they're?"
"They are no longer bound, Ayden.  Nor am I.  You have released them, just as you have released so much by defeating Degus. I am no longer a spirit detached from my body.  I exist now as I was meant to exist."
Ayden wasn't sure what to feel.  He didn't want to think about his "victory" that felt nothing like a victory.  He turned his eyes away from the enchantress, feeling angry and ashamed.
"What troubles you, Ayden Greenwillow?  You have conquered the unconquerable.  You have saved that which you set out to save."
  "What does it matter?  Everyone I love is gone.  Nya," his voice broke and he closed his eyes, unable to continue.
Ayden turned his head and opened his eyes, hoping for some sort of comfort.  Instead, Sanari was smiling widely, as if she knew some amusing secret.  Ayden cursed under his breath.  "Why do you keep smiling at me?" he shouted as well as he could with a raspy voice.  "Don't you care that I've lost everything?  I've lost?her?"
"Ayden," Sanari answered in an annoyingly calm voice, "Take the siren's hand.  Hold her, let her know the love you feel for her."
Ayden couldn't bare seeing Nya's lifeless body.  The very thought ripped through him like a serrated blade.  He rolled his head back and forth.  "Don't ask me to do that.  I can't.  I'm too weak to even get to where she fell.  Just leave me alone!"
The enchantress chuckled, adding weight to Ayden's already darkened soul.  "Silly boy, do you not realize that she is nearly touching you already?"
Ayden stopped feeling briefly.  "What do you mean?"
"Look behind you."
Still unwilling to move, Ayden tilted his chin toward the sky and looked back.  He gasped as he realized that the blast had thrown him so far that Nya's hair was nearly touching his.  Their bodies were making an almost perfect line.
Ayden's bruised and battered body screamed at him to lie still, but his heart overruled, and he rolled over.  He crawled on his hands and knees, approaching Nya's body.  Her face was pale and peaceful, as if she were sleeping.  Endia rested next to Nya with her head curled against her body as she lay motionless against her master's shoulder.
Ayden wasn't sure how he could keep producing so many tears when he was so spent, but they cascaded down his cheeks as he reached with a trembling hand and gently took the siren's.  Without realizing that he was speaking aloud, Ayden sputtered, "It was the curse.  She couldn't sing, or she'd die.  She knew that.  But she sang.  Her voice was the note the prophesy spoke about--not the sword.  She died saving my life.  She died saving Shae Vale."
A soft hand touched Ayden's shoulder, but he felt nothing.  Nothing existed but the form of the siren lying before him.  But the enchantress' voice cut through Ayden's mind as she spoke, "Curses are often misinterpreted, Ayden.  Yes, the siren was cursed, but Death has not taken her."
Ayden jerked his attention toward Sanari.  "Her sacrifice would have saved her, even if the curse was deadly.  No curse, not even the curse of death, can overpower the love that accompanies sacrifice.  And your own sacrifice, combined with hers, created a powerful shield."
He stared at the enchantress, not wanting to believe her words, not daring to hope that what she spoke was true.  A cooing sound drew his attention back to Nya.  Endia had lifted her head and was cooing softly into her master's ear.  Astonished, Ayden watched Nya's body lifted from the ground like a giant invisible hand lifted a rag doll.  Endia flapped her wings furiously, now singing loudly, and flew directly in front of Nya.  The bird's wings and Nya's arms stretched out to their sides as Nya's head snapped forward.  The bird's song grew more urgent, and Ayden shouted with surprise as Endia suddenly melded with her master, sending shocking waves of color through Nya's body and clothes.  Endia's rainbow colored feathers transformed into Nya's dress and the siren's now flawless skin shone like polished gold.
Slowly the brightness faded and Nya's body descended.  Ayden reached out just in time to catch her as she suddenly crumpled to the ground.  Ayden held his breath as he gazed at Nya's face. He exhaled slowly, and then whispered, "Nya? Son vule sen?"  
She didn't move.  Ayden glanced up at the enchantress who nodded.  "This is your fairy tale, after all," she said.
Ayden's stomach tickled as he looked back at Nya.  She's so beautiful, so peaceful.  Lowering his face to hers, he kissed her tenderly on the lips.  The same prickling sensation that he'd felt with the Sword of Songs washed through his body, and he felt magical energy draw out of him and pour into the siren.
Reluctantly, he drew away, but only by a hair so that he could feel Nya's beautiful, sweet breath on his face.  His heart hammered against his chest as she fluttered her eyelids and slowly drew them open, unveiling the most amazing lavender eyes.  
Ayden laughed as more tears rolled down his cheeks. Freya's words from what seemed like ages past sounded softly in his mind.  "Sometimes, you have to sacrifice something precious in order to gain an even greater prize." Her words suddenly made a lot more sense.  
Nya smiled, touching Ayden's wet face with her fingertips.  "E' vule sen, Ayden." Then in nearly clear English, "Now, I am well!"



Chapter Forty-Nine
Healing


Freya's hand felt strong and warm as Ayden held it and told her every detail of their journey.  She was still weak, but she was alive.  She gave scowls, gasps, and squeals of joy or horror in all of the right places during Ayden's recounting of his and his companions' amazing journey.  
Keena, whom Freya had been overly exuberant at meeting, stood contentedly beside Volos, who was all too happy to fill in where Ayden forgot things or correct him where he exaggerated the truth.  Both Volos and Keena had suffered terrible wounds but once again, thanks to the curatree sap, had survived.  
Some of Degus' army had fled with fear when the shock wave had blown past them, alerting them to her demise. Others, who'd been forced in service by her spells, had been released with tears of joy.
Ayden had told Freya of their journey, the surprise at finding Sabina, the kelpie, Palmaero, everything.  He told of the battle, pausing when he came to where he discovered that Pax had betrayed them; he worried that the rest of the tale might be too stressful for his grandmother to hear.  Jynx had already left his comfortable post at her side when she'd squeezed him too tightly at Ayden's telling how he'd nearly died when flying from the kelpie's back. 
Ayden's pause was confronted with Freya's question, "What is the matter?  Please, do not leave me hanging!"  Then, smiling gently, she said calmly, "Do not worry, Ayden.  My body is a bit weak, but my heart is strong.  And I know you survived, so I can't become too worried, can I?"
Ayden continued slowly, watching his grandmother's hand fly to her mouth as she exclaimed, "NO!" at his revelation of Pax's betrayal.  Her face moved in a lot of curious exclamations as he continued the story, telling of his battle with Pax, and then Degus.  She released a yelp at his telling of how Nya stood to sing, sacrificing her life for Ayden and Shae Vale, and allowing Ayden to strike the deadly blow that caused a shock wave and earthquake, ending Degus' life and her hold over Shae Vale.
With cheeks flushing, Ayden told Freya of the enchantress and how Nya and Endia became one, and how they had kissed, the magic of the sword in Ayden's blood allowing the siren to come to life and to magically know Ayden's language.  That moment still burned in Ayden's heart and mind as if it had been etched there, vivid and strong.  He and Nya shared more than language now, they were a part of one another. The memory played warmly in his mind as Freya's singing voice echoed, "So, you found love."  She smiled warmly at him, her own cheeks turning a pleasant pink.
Smiling bashfully, Ayden continued, telling how the enchantress had helped him and other survivors to find and gather the fallen.  Each and every companion they had approached had caused Ayden's stomach to feel as stone, terrified that he'd find them dead.  Some were on the very doorstep of death's domain, but were thankfully spared with the intense healing care of the elves and fairies. 
Pax had been in the worst condition, having been touched so deeply by Degus' evil magic.  They had all made the journey back to Faylinn Cannelita, his grandfather's home, to heal.  Pax had remained comatose for nearly a week, his face paler than his bedding.  Ayden had visited him often, and every time he'd visited, he'd found Sabina at Pax' side, reading or tenderly holding his hand.  She had, of course, healed much more quickly than anyone and had been a tremendous help in tending the wounded.
Once Pax had woken, Ayden had knelt by his bed, begging for forgiveness for his terrible lack of judgment and his "jerk-ness".  At first, Pax just stared at him, causing Ayden's heart to drop with dismay.  He'd deserved Pax's hate, though, and had been ready to leave without saying another word.  But, as he'd begun to stand, Pax had grasped his arm, holding him to his position.  "There is n-nothing to forgive.  I-I am th-the one who i-is at fault.  I-I let h-har in--I let h-har control me!"  His eyes had welled with bitter tears as he'd unconsciously dug his fingers into Ayden's arm.
"No one blames you, Pax.  Degus was very powerful.  And, if my memory serves, you proved even stronger by resisting her.  You kicked her wicked butt!"
Pax had looked taken aback for a moment and then they'd both busted out laughing.  As Ayden had rubbed his tired ribs, he looked at Pax and said, "Tell you what, if you ask Sabina out, we'll call it even."
Pax had become sober in a flash and wagged his head from side to side.  "I-I couldn't."
"Why not?  She's been here for hours on end every day, reading to you and holding your hand.  I think she deserves something!"
Bringing his mind to the present, Ayden smiled at his grandmother, "To make a long story short, Pax and Sabina are now an item."
Presently, Freya clapped her hands together and smiled, looking just as pleased as she had at Ayden's revelation of his feelings for Nya.  Ayden, Volos, and Keena continued the story, telling of the grand celebration the fairies had given in every warrior's honor.  They had given Ayden and his companions special honors, bestowing them with gifts of gold and silver, magical seeds, and fresh weapons.  The fairies had played amazing, intoxicating music, dancing and laughing their contagious tinkling laugh and causing flowers and plants to sprout spontaneously everywhere. 
Volos had faced Palmaero and Aclippa.  The white princess of the unicorns had touched him, drawing away his crimes and his shame forever.
Ayden tried to sober as he came to a part in the story that he'd saved for the end.  He'd skipped telling Freya how he'd seen his parents' faces in the pool and later, the lake.  Failing miserably at concealing his excitement, he told Freya, "I have something more exciting to tell you."
Freya raised her brows and chuckled, "My dear boy, I can't imagine how your story could possibly get more exciting!"
Ayden squeezed her hand and said softly, "Freya, I saw Mom and Dad."
That buzzing silence filled his ears as Freya sat, dumbstruck.  "Wh-where?  They are alive?"  Tears sprang in her grey eyes, causing Ayden to find it difficult to continue without following suit.  
"I first saw them in the pool where I found the sword.  Those watery hands that thrust me out of the water were theirs." He paused, letting the information sink into Freya's mind.  "And the watery arms that came out of the lake to save me from the trolls--that was them, too."
Freya's face was a mixture of disbelief and utter joy.  Ayden rushed forward, telling her the most exciting part.  "When I told Arion about it, he took me to the Crystal River.  Even though I'd tried this at the lake and failed, he had me place my hands on the water and concentrate on thoughts of Mom and Dad.  I know," he said at Freya's startled look.  "I actually touched the river without freaking out!  But I was hoping to see them, so it wasn't so scary.  Plus, having swum through one, I wasn't as afraid as I used to be.  
"I touched the water and thought hard about Mom and Dad.  My mind was totally on them.  And then, the water sort of started sprouting upwards, like it was pouring upside down into a glass.  Only instead of glass shapes, two human shapes formed."
Freya was nearly falling off of the edge of her bed at this point, her eyes wide with excitement.  Ayden couldn't contain his own exuberance as he continued, "They stood there for awhile, watery figures just shining in the sunlight.  It was beautiful.  And then, they became more solid, like us."  Ayden had to pause, choking back the rush of emotion as he remembered how he felt at seeing his parents for the first time in eight years.  "We hugged for so long, I thought I would suffocate!  But I just couldn't let go, yah know?  And then, when we finally composed ourselves after blubbering for several minutes, they told me what happened by the river that day."
Volos, Keena, and Freya looked soberly at Ayden, waiting for him to continue the story, to fill in the missing pieces to an eight year old puzzle.  "When we went camping that day, we were attacked by water wraiths."  
Freya gasped and her brows furrowed, "NO!  How dare that witch send such things into the Other World!  Sprites are one thing, but water wraiths? Such shadow dwellers should never be allowed here!"  After overcoming the initial shock at Freya's outburst, it took several minutes for them to calm her as she spouted on about imbalances between worlds and the foulness of Degus' extreme actions.  
Finally, Ayden interrupted her by continuing, "ANYWAY, Mom and Dad's only concern was my safety.  Mom took off in the boat, trying to draw the wraiths away from the shore, away from me.  Dad shouted to me to run.  I remember now how scared I was.  I didn't have a clue what was happening.  My feet took off with me before I even gave it a thought.  Dad kept yelling.  I guess one of the wraiths got past him. Dad tried to command the trees to lift me up and hide me, but Other World trees aren't quite used to magic--they wrapped their branches around my ankles and pulled me up too roughly, tearing the skin.  Once again, I had no idea what was going on; trees didn't normally grab people like that.  So, I struggled wildly, ripping my ankles until I broke free and ran like crazy 'til I passed out.  The next thing I remember was waking up at the hospital."
Freya's face softened, "I'm so sorry we didn't tell you everything sooner.  At least you would've been better prepared!"
Ayden chuckled, "You sound like Mom.  She said the exact same thing.  They felt horrible, not to mention worried because they never quite knew what had happened to me."
"But what of them?  How did they escape?  Although, I may have an idea?" Freya said as she crumpled her face in thought.  Ayden waited patiently for her to mull it over.  "It is not in the River Guardian's nature to be so generous, but she had to be the one to save them.  What caused her to come to such a decision?"
Ayden answered, "Well, turns out Degus had been polluting the water in a lot of places.  The river defenders were dying.  She needed recruits. Mom and Dad aren't certain how they got to the River Guardian--they had blacked out and then woken in her sanctuary.  She bargained with them; she'd keep them alive if they agreed to become water defenders.  They agreed with hopes that they would somehow be able to contact me again.  And," Ayden said, "they tried at Lostar the day we captured Skeezicks.  It was their voices that I'd heard near the river there."
Ayden had been dismayed when he'd learned that he could've spoken with his parents that day at Lostar if he hadn't panicked.  "Ayden, it was understandable that you had such a fear of rivers.  Besides, all happened as it should and you did see you parents again," Freya said gently.  It was uncanny how similar she and Ayden's mother were.  His mother had mentioned the same thing as she'd returned Phantom to him.  She had retrieved the weapon at the lake in hopes that she would see Ayden again.
Even with the joy of discovering his parents, Ayden was saddened by the fact that they would never walk on solid ground for more than a few moments at a time again.  He was less afraid of rivers now, but he'd have to get downright comfortable with them if he wanted to communicate with them regularly.
"What of the Sword of Songs, Ayden?  What has become of it?  I know you do not have it with you," Freya asked.



Chapter Fifty
New Adventure


"It's gone.  The blast shattered it into a million tiny pieces," Ayden said remorsefully.  He remembered staring at the spot where Degus' ashes covered the black rock.  Tiny shards of silver were scattered everywhere, reflecting the sun like a shattered jewels.  The sword had self-destructed.  Ayden clenched his fists as thoughts of the sword caused that peculiar tingling in his arms.  It was as if he still held the blade in his hands.
"I have one question for you," Ayden said, shaking his arms and looking curiously to Freya.  "What is my connection to the silver dragon?  How was I able to get close to her and how did both my grandfathers know to use them in my weapons' designs?  And how did she know to come to our aid at the lake?"
"So many questions all at once!" Freya chuckled.  "I can't be certain, but I will theorize that your ancestors may have been dragon whisperers."
Ayden stared at Freya with amusement. "You're kidding, right?  Dragon whisperers?  Like horse whisperers and dog whisperers?"
Freya glowed serenely and said, "I created the name.  I may be mistaken, but I believe that your ancestors had a connection to the dragons and could communicate with them to a certain degree.  There may be evidence of this idea at Andor.  I saw a few scrolls once, but did not have the luxury of reading them at that time.  However, that would explain why your grandfather knew to use the dragon design for the weapons he made.  As for Arion, it is possible that he possess a slight ability to foresee the future."
Ayden was excited at hearing Freya's explanations.  He would have to make a point to get to Andor and read those scrolls someday.
That 'someday' came sooner than Ayden had anticipated.  After several weeks at the farm, Freya had recovered considerably, though she would never be quite the same again.  She moved more slowly and stiffly, and there were times when her face would crumple with pain.  She had not been surprised when Ayden had told her how he'd heard her pleading voice in the midst of battle; she had nearly died at that moment.  In fact, if he hadn't killed Degus when he did, Freya would no longer be living.  He shuddered and did his best not to think of it.
It was a bright, warm autumn day, the trees adorned in a shock of vibrant color, when Freya came to Ayden with a surprising request.  Eyes sparkling with adventure, she blurted, "I wish to live out the remainder of my days at Andor.  I've missed that city and your grandfather's people so much.  Don't be disheartened," she said to Ayden whose chest felt a heavy pull at his grandmother's words.  "I won't be joining those in spirit for quite some time.  However, I think you must agree that I am no longer fit to guard the gateway."
Ayden had pondered what would happen when this day came.  Was he expected to guard the gate in Freya's absence?  He wasn't excited at the thought of living a quiet life on the farm, especially without Freya.  Longing had already been tugging him back to guarding and defending Shae Vale.  Besides, the sooner he returned to Shae Vale, the sooner he would see Nya again.
Being her usual perceptive self, Freya answered his thoughts, "I wish for you to accompany me, Ayden.  Keena has agreed to take my place here with Volos.  They are just so happy to be together, I don't think they would care where they stayed at this point," Freya chuckled.  "Plus, after so many years of being Degus' slave, I believe Keena is ready for a tamer life.  Besides, guarding is what Nagas do best."
After two solid weeks of doing nothing but organizing, re-arranging, packing, and preparing, Freya, Ayden, Volos, and Keena said their farewells.  Volos' eyes were moist as he stood before Ayden, but he chuckled and said, "You'd best come back here from time to time for a spar.  I don't want you to get lazy." Ayden blocked a punch from Volos and they hugged, patting each other heartily on their backs.  
"Don't worry, Volos.  I don't think the elf trainers will give me a chance to be lazy," Ayden said.  His stomach tickled as he looked forward to training with the elf defenders and later, he hoped to also train with his earth shepherd grandfather.  Spending time at Andor would be the perfect time to find out if Freya's suspicions about his ancestors being 'dragon whisperers' had any foundation.
Jynx bobbed along behind Freya and Ayden as they made their way through the gateway into Shae Vale.  The cat had been attached to Ayden, rarely letting him out of his sight since his return. Nienna accompanied them as well, tending to Freya's every need.  Fairies zipped to and fro, bringing anything she requested.
Ayden looked back to where Keena and Volos stood at the gate entrance.  The beautiful waterfall sent a halo of color around them as they waved.  He'd had to go through too many goodbyes lately.  After the celebration at the gardens, he and most of the companions had gone their separate ways.  Sabina and Pax were continuing their search for a cure for Sabina and hoped to find a teacher for Pax along the way.  He hadn't used his magic since the battle, but wanted to overcome that fear and grow strong enough to at least learn how to block dark magic.  He'd sworn vehemently never to be used as anyone's puppet ever again.  
Da'ewyn had trekked back to her homeland.  She and Ayden had had one last light hearted sparring session which ended with a strong hug.  "I hope you are awarded with so many crystals, your armbands will be too heavy to wear.  You deserve them," Ayden had told her.  Bright red scars remained etched across her torso where the fiery whip had burned her.
She'd smiled back, "Even if I don't, gaining a brother was well worth the journey.  Besides, I have all of these beautiful scars to rub in my sisters faces!" She'd laughed, her eyes bright with mischief, and Ayden had been strangely aware that the Veela actually did see her scars as beautiful.
Devlin and Nya had to return to their people.  They'd told Ayden it was imperative that they alert the elders, and all those who had suffered the curse, that the dreadful thing was over.  They had both, with Ayden standing fearfully by, tested their voices, making certain that the curse had indeed been lifted for all the sirens and not just Nya.  The beautiful, haunting melody of their combined voices had hushed everyone within listening range into a serene trance.
Saying goodbye to Nya had been almost as painful as watching her die.  Ayden had held her for hours, sometimes talking, sometimes just listening to her breathe.  Nya's miraculous and sudden knowledge of Ayden's language had been the talk of the gardens.  Ayden had tried to explain that it was the magic from the sword, but the fact that she began speaking his language after they'd kissed was a much more romantic notion to the fairies. 
Standing under a weeping willow on the day they were to go their separate ways, Ayden had held Nya's hands in his and had listened to the gentle whispering voices in the cascading branches.  They had both allowed the tears to streak down their cheeks as they held each other until they nearly squeezed the life from one another.  Ayden, still enjoying speaking Nya's language, had said, "I don't think I can do this!  I can't stand to be away from you now that I have you with me.  I thought I'd lost you--I don't want to feel that way ever again!"
Nya had pulled away and put her fingers on his lips.  "Shh.  Your thoughts are wandering in the wrong places again."  She had smiled up at him, her eyes bright and alive.  "Allow me to move them," she'd said softly and touched her lips to his, sending him into blissful oblivion. They had vowed not to stay separated long, and Ayden had every intention of keeping that vow.
"You will see her again, soon," Freya's voice broke through Ayden's musings.
He shook his head and chuckled, "You know, sometimes you're a little too perceptive, Freya."
"My apologies, dear.  I do not mean to invade, but my love for you is so strong, I can feel your every emotion.  And, being your grandmother, I wish only for your happiness.  I will try not to pry--at least not too much," Freya said as creases formed joyous lines around her eyes.  She then inhaled a deep breath of fresh, Shae Vale air.  "Ah!  I think I feel adventure awakening, don't you, dear?" 
Ayden laced Freya's arm through his and matched her slower stride.  Suddenly struck with happy energy, he smiled back at her and said, "Yes, Freya, I think I do."


Hundreds of miles away in a darkened castle, a terrible, guttural yell broke through the silence as bolts of black energy engulfed the crumbling stone of the castle walls.  Something dark and inexplicably horrid was awakening?.



Spiritual Specials

Often times when I read a story, I find a spiritual lesson hidden amongst the words on the page. Sometimes, I'm looking for it (I see Him in everything), and sometimes, it strikes me like a splash of cold water to my senses; a new, deep, and profound message, which had previously escaped me, reveals itself in a moment when I need it the most. The following are just a few lessons that I included in my story; some were intentional, some I didn't even realize I'd used until I re-read the story and found them. Please enjoy and contemplate...


Many of Freya's lessons she gives to Ayden are just as much spiritual lessons as they are anything.  In fact, many of them are lessons I learned from reading the Bible and attending Sunday school and church Meetings.  There is one phrase that Ayden just hates in the story and that is, "All in good time."  He finds it so aggravating because he doesn't want to wait-he wants to know the answers right NOW.  We are much the same.  We wonder, "Why can't God just tell us what we want to know RIGHT NOW?"  Sometimes it is in the experiences that we learn the most about ourselves and Him.  Working for and discovering the answers for ourselves not only draws us closer to God, but gives us more strength and confidence in ourselves and in our faith.


Volos tries to teach Ayden to meditate every day to help clear his mind of negative thoughts and emotions that would hinder his performance as a defender.  To me, prayer is the most important form of meditation and is a powerful tool to aid us in any situation.  Prayer is our life-line to God and all of His strength.  It is the time when we are closest to Him and can feel His presence.  He loves to commune with us and prayer is greatest way to do that.


Continuing with the removing of negative thoughts and emotions, God instructs us to keep our minds on those things that are good. (Phil. 4:8-9)  Toward the end of the book, Nya tells Ayden to move his thoughts because he's allowing himself to dwell on negative things.  If we stay focused on negative and dark things, we are hindering our sight and won't see all the wonder and beauty God has given us.  Our thoughts control our emotions and our actions.  Just like the hags, negative thoughts can cause severe anxiety and can bring us to death-spiritually and, sadly enough for some, even physically.  Keeping our minds on the things of God, the good and positive things, helps us to have a healthy outlook on everything and everyone around us, including ourselves.


The elves help the prisoners at Hosgrow to face fears and pain.  Many of them are healed and released with a new chance at life.  Everyone, and especially those that we have the worst time loving, have pain and fear and stress in their lives that causes them to act and react the way that they do.  They aren't necessarily bad people, just lost and alone without the love of God in their lives.  I can't think of anything lonelier than not having Christ in my life.  I try to remember that when I see people who just don't seem to care and are totally absorbed in the world, flesh, and devil.  (And I must remember it, too, when I fall victim to those things as well!)  God helps us face our fears and pain (if we allow Him) and helps to heal us from them, giving us a new chance at life.


Ayden has some moments where he doubts and even fears his tasks and abilities.  I feel that way so often myself, like maybe God goofed (which we know He is incapable of doing) and sent things my way that were too hard for me to handle.  But He knows exactly what my purpose is and why I have certain gifts and tasks in my life.  If I just put my faith and trust in Him, everything comes together, all in good time!


Continuing with the gifts, we see that Sabina has had an unfortunate accident that left her different.  But with that transformation, she was also given new abilities, or gifts, that prove useful in helping her friends.  Like Sabina, we sometimes don't want the gifts we are given, but if we embrace them, we can learn to use them to help others.  Or, like Da'ewyn longing to have one of Sabina's gifts, (ability to see in the dark), we sometimes wish we had someone else's gifts.  But it is good to be content in what we are given and to use those gifts to help others and glorify God.


Ayden has an intense emotional and nearly physical encounter with Sabina.  Teens especially face sexual pressures from their peers and from their own changing emotions.  The Bible tells us that God does not tempt us beyond what we can endure, and that He will always provide an escape for us if we put our trust in Him ( 1 Cor. 10:13).  No one ever HAS to give in to temptation.


Ayden becomes impatient and strays from the marked path a couple of times.  This causes a lot of trouble for him and his companions.  It is the same for us spiritually; if we stray from the path God has given us, (even though what tempts us looks REALLY good at the time), we'll most likely find more trouble for ourselves.  And if we stray too far, we will find only death and darkness.


Volos instructs Ayden, "Don't dwell on what is past or what might happen.  This is the choice we made and this is where we are now.  Let's try to focus on what we can do now."  Too often we focus on the past or on what might happen in the future.  Focusing on today and trusting God to help us with each moment will get us on the right path and will free us for what we are facing right now.


Palmaero's lesson for Ayden: "Be quick to listen and slow to act", (James 1: 19).  Too often, I want just to do things my way and I act too quickly.  Always, this gets me into trouble.  When I take the time to quiet my heart and mind and listen to God, things go much more smoothly.


The good elves and fairies are how I see God's people; even though they are still capable of making mistakes, they are full of life and song.  They embody serenity and joyfulness.  Their eyes twinkle and their mouths are constantly smiling. It seems that light and joy emanates from them and they are such good examples for me.


At one point, Volos must face his past and beg for forgiveness from someone he wronged.  If we want to discontinue allowing our past to haunt us, we must confront it, admit (or confess) our wrongs, and ask for forgiveness from God and from those we have wronged, including ourselves.


Ayden has to face his fears.  In facing our fears, we learn to trust God more.  Fear is a great tool of Satan's.  If we are full of fear, he can manipulate us with ease.  Often times, our fears are unfounded.  Our fear can keep us from seeing the truth.  (Ayden learns his fear kept him from seeing his parents.)


Pax's jealousy toward Ayden caused him to become vulnerable to Degus' dark magic and nearly to kill his best friend.  Jealousy and self pity are more of the devil's tools-although he can't use them against us unless we allow it.  Pax allowed Degus to control him.  It is so much easier for Satan to turn us away from God if we cling to negative thoughts and emotions.


Nya sacrificed herself to save Ayden and all of Shae Vale.  Ayden sacrificed saving her (something he wanted desperately) to save others.  Just as Christ gave his life to save us, we should be willing to give our lives for others.  Maybe not always physically, but in denying self and being willing to serve others.  


One voice can make a difference.  Nya sang, breaking the curse on her people.  A single voice that cut through the darkness.  Our voices can be a light for others when we have the love of God in our lives.  Nya also tells how her deeds are her "life song".  Actions often times speak louder than words.  How we live, what we say, how we react to others and our situations can be like a beautiful song that can help lead others to Christ.


My hope is that those who read this story and these comments will remember some lessons not listed here. While reading the scene toward the beginning of the book where Ayden knocks some dirt into the water and then watches the dirt dissolved into nothingness, my mother was reminded of how Jesus washes our sins away; He throws them to the sea and they are no more.


Thank you for reading. May God bless you, and may the beauty of His love carry your dreams.



About the author:

K.L. Bauman grew up in the wide open valleys and badland areas of Eastern Montana. It was the perfect place to let the imagination run free. She now lives with her husband and two beautiful daughters in a small town in Eastern Montana. She enjoys spending time with God and her family, writing, reading, watching movies, and nature. 



Connect with Me Online:
Smashwords - About K.L. Bauman
