
Spellbound
The Spellbringers: Book One


By Tricia Drammeh
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales, is entirely coincidental.
SPELLBOUND Copyright © 2014  by Tricia Drammeh
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission of the author or except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles or reviews.
Contact Information: tricia@triciadrammeh.com 
Cover Art by Maegan Provan
Stock art by Deposit Photos
Smashwords Edition, 2015
Published in the United States of America
ATW Publishing
DEDICATION
To Maegan, Amy, and Sophie for your unending support
Table of Contents

Front Matter
Chapter One (Alisa)
Chapter Two (Rachel)
Chapter Three (Alisa)
Chapter Four (Rachel)
Chapter Five (Alisa)
Chapter Six (Rachel)
Chapter Seven (Alisa)
Chapter Eight (Rachel)
Chapter Nine (Alisa)
Chapter Ten (Rachel)
Chapter Eleven (Alisa)
Chapter Twelve (Rachel)
Chapter Thirteen (Alisa)
Chapter Fourteen (Rachel)
Chapter Fifteen (Alisa)
Chapter Sixteen (Rachel)
Chapter Seventeen (Alisa)
Chapter Eighteen (Rachel)
Chapter Nineteen (Alisa)
Chapter Twenty (Rachel)
Chapter Twenty-One (Alisa)
Chapter Twenty-Two (Rachel)
Chapter Twenty-Three (Alisa)
Chapter Twenty-Four (Rachel)
Chapter Twenty-Five (Alisa)
Chapter Twenty-Six (Rachel)
Chapter Twenty-Seven (Alisa)
Chapter Twenty-Eight (Rachel)
Chapter Twenty-Nine (Alisa)
The Spellbringers Series 
Glossary of Terms
Acknowledgements
About the Author
Note to Reader

Chapter One
Alisa

From my lonely seat in the back of the classroom, I watched my conniving cousin flirt with the guy I loved. With a flip of her golden, highlighted hair, Becky pasted on a friendly smile and turned to face Cooper High’s newest student. When she crossed her legs, her short skirt crept up, exposing a few additional inches of her tanned thighs. Becky had never quite mastered the art of playing hard to get. 
A jolt of jealousy ripped through me, but recognizing this feeling as irrational and unjust, I tried to beat the green-eyed monster into submission. After all, Jace and I had never actually spoken. It was only the first day of school and he probably didn’t even know my name. So far, our relationship was fairly one-sided.
He smiled at Becky and I sighed in resignation. She always managed to entice the hottest guys in school, whereas I routinely repelled them. With great difficulty, I tore my gaze away from Jace’s tall, athletic form and absentmindedly doodled in my notebook. I tried to conjure up a favorite daydream to get lost in, but my thoughts kept drifting back to Jace. It was pointless to fantasize about Jace Alexander. He was so far out of my league, he would probably reject me in my dreams. 
“So, where are you from?” Becky asked, leaning forward until her cleavage was displayed to its best advantage.
“We just moved here from Colorado,” he replied.
“Ooh, Colorado. That’s so interesting,” she said. 
I wondered if she even knew where Colorado was. She probably thought it was in another country, or on a tropical island somewhere. 
“I have cheerleading practice after school, but if you want to hang out later, I can give you my phone number,” she said. 
I couldn’t help but wonder what she planned to do if Jace actually asked her out. My Aunt Leanne would automatically disapprove of Jace because of his skin color. I guessed Becky just liked the chase.
“Sure, I…” he trailed off when Becky shot me a nasty glance over her shoulder.
“What are you looking at, freak?” she snapped in my direction. Snickers filled the half-empty classroom. I blushed and looked back down at my notebook, embarrassed to be caught staring at a guy who would never return my interest. A million different come-backs and insults flashed through my mind, retaliatory comments far more creative than anything Becky could devise. But I never defended myself. I was too much of a coward.
Becky turned back to Jace. “So, about this afternoon…”
“Actually, I can’t today. But thanks,” Jace said. He didn’t press her for the phone number she offered. 
I settled back in my seat and tried to calm my nerves. By lunchtime, the whole school would probably be talking about how I’d tried to scam on Jace, and by the end of the day, the story would be inflated and embellished to the point where everyone would believe I’d asked him to marry me. Becky would make sure of it.
When the bell rang, Becky followed Jace into the hallway. It was only a matter of time before he succumbed to her feminine charms. A few laughs and cruel comments followed me down the hall, but I was used to being tormented by Becky’s followers. All I could think about was Jace and the fact that he didn’t laugh at me. Not once.
***
I fantasized about Jace all morning, watching him when no one else was looking. He had a certain ease about him, a sense of self confidence unusual in someone our age. Most guys I knew were cocky and smug, but Jace wasn’t like that. He was funny without being snarky or mean.
“Jace, come sit by me,” Becky shrieked across the crowded cafeteria. Her entourage trailed behind her, watching their mentor as she staked her claim on the new guy. 
I sat down at a lunch table in the corner—alone except for a couple of marching-band dudes with bad complexions. They didn’t speak to me, but at least they tolerated my presence. If Becky happened to turn her attention my way, my tablemates would probably scatter. They’d been recipients of her cruelty in the past. But for now, my cousin’s energy was focused on Jace. I silently thanked him for distracting her, and plucked a novel from my backpack.
“What are you doing this weekend?” Becky’s voice wafted across the lunch room along with the nauseating smell of overcooked cafeteria food. Maybe it was only Becky’s voice that was nauseating. It was hard to tell.
“We’re unpacking and I have to help my dad with something,” Jace replied.
“Well, I’m sure he wouldn’t mind if you snuck away for a little while.” 
“I’m sure he’d kill me if I bailed. Why don’t you introduce me to everyone? I think I’ve only met Chance and Katie,” Jace said. 
I glanced up from my book in time to see a pout pucker Becky’s flawless face. I swallowed a chuckle. Becky hated to have the attention diverted from her, but how could she ignore Jace’s request without looking like an attention-whore?  
“This is Sydney, Justin, Amanda, Robert, and my best friend in the whole wide world, Rachel,” she said, pointing to each person in turn. “Rachel, can you be a sweetie and get me a bottle of water?”
Becky turned her attention back to Jace just before Rachel rolled her eyes at her “very best friend in the whole wide world.” She mouthed the word “sweetie” as she pushed her seat back from the table and rose to do Becky’s bidding. With a final act of rebellion, she stuck her tongue out at the back of Becky’s head. Rachel was usually so calm, so mature, her uncharacteristic act caught me by surprise and I laughed out loud. Bad move.
Heads swiveled toward me. Becky’s eyes narrowed and her cruel mouth twisted in an evil grin. “And, of course, you’ve met Alisa. She’s the girl who was totally drooling over you in first period. Watch out for her. She’s mental.”
Laughter rang out. I blushed, humiliated to be singled out in front of Jace. It was ridiculous. Becky wasn’t particularly funny or clever. Why was everyone still laughing at the same crap she’d been saying since middle school?
“Seriously,” Becky continued. “Back in eighth grade…”
“Here’s your water,” Rachel said, interrupting Becky’s story. 
“Thanks, sweetie. I was just telling Jace about the time in middle school when…”
Again, Becky was interrupted, but this time by Jace. “So, what is there to do around here? What do you usually do on the weekends?”
With shining eyes and a brilliant smile, Becky listed all the “awesome” things our small town of Oaktree had to offer. Again, I silently thanked Jace for distracting my cousin. Whether it was intentional or not, the result was the same. Becky wasn’t tormenting me.
When the bell rang, chair legs scraped the floor as clusters of students disbanded. Just to be safe, I waited for Becky to leave the immediate area before I stood up. With my backpack in hand, I turned around, nearly crashing into Jace. Where was Becky? I thought she’d become permanently attached to his side. How did Jace escape her?
“Forgot my book,” he said in response to my unasked question. “You don’t seem mental to me. Nice to meet you, Alisa.”
By the time I managed to close my gaping mouth and still my roiling emotions, Jace was already at the cafeteria door heading toward the south hallway. At last, I propelled my feet forward and left the empty cafeteria. I didn’t care if I was late for class. I didn’t care if Becky tormented me every day for the rest of the year. Jace was nice to me. And he knew my name. 
Maybe my junior year wouldn’t be so bad after all. 
Chapter Two
Rachel

I didn’t want to spend the school year being Becky’s “best friend in the whole wide world.” Nor did I want to be her “sweetie.” Becky was already on my last nerve and it was only the first day of school. I couldn’t figure out why I was so irritable. Maybe it was the heat. Or maybe I was stressed out. Maybe I was just tired of Becky.
She burned up my cell phone all day long, and almost every single text mentioned Jace. I finally put my phone on silent mode and stopped reading her texts. There’d be hell to pay later for ignoring her, but the punishment would be far worse if my phone was confiscated by a teacher and they called my mother to pick it up from the office. I wasn’t about to lose my phone, my car, and the few freedoms I’d earned this year—not over Becky’s new crush.
Jace was cute. Okay, he was hot. But he was just a guy. A guy with sculpted muscles. Deep brown, intelligent eyes. Brown skin, just a shade darker than my own. Just a guy. I already had a boyfriend, so I had no business thirsting over Jace. As my mother always said, boys were a dime a dozen and there were lots of fish in the sea. It was stupid to get carried away over a boy.
After school, I stowed my books in my locker and trudged outside to the football field for cheerleading practice. I tried to participate in as many extracurricular activities as possible because my mother said it would look good on college applications. In addition to activities and sports, I also kept my grades up and did volunteer work, all the things I was assured would help me get a scholarship to a good school. My mother could probably afford to pay my tuition, but it would be tough. As she constantly reminded me, money doesn’t grow on trees. She loved clichés and used them liberally. 
It was the only thing liberal about her. My mother was strict. To the casual outsider, it might seem like I had everything I wanted, and for the most part, that was true. I didn’t lack for anything. I had a car, a cell phone, nice clothes—and a list of chores a mile long. I had church work, bible study, and family obligations too. While my friends partied non-stop on the weekends, I had to earn my freedom. I had to ask before I made plans. I had to earn the keys to my car and the money for the gas to drive it. 
My friends felt sorry for me because I had such an overzealous mother watching over me. My boyfriend, Robert, complained about her on a regular basis. He wanted a girlfriend he could stay out late with. A girlfriend who didn’t have to call her mama every two hours. Sometimes I feared he’d break up with me. Sometimes I hoped he would.
Becky, our cheerleading captain, was already outside standing by the bleachers. Girls milled around, whining about the ninety-five degree heat, drinking from plastic water bottles, and swiping at ribbons of sweat slithering down bare necks and midriffs. 
“I texted you a million times,” Becky complained.
“Sorry. You know how Mr. Mills is. I didn’t want to lose my phone.”
“Jace is in my Geography class.”
“Cool.”
“Isn’t he hot?” she asked sitting down on the grass and reaching out to grasp her ankle with both hands.
“He’s cute.” I sat down next to her and began my stretches. 
“He’s more than cute. Do you think he knows I’m interested?”
I bit back a laugh. “Girl, I think everyone knows you’re interested.”
“Whatever. I need to make sure he knows I’m available before one of these other girls snatches him up.” She shot a nasty look at our fellow cheerleaders as if they were already plotting to steal her man.
“Ask him out,” I said.
“I don’t ask guys out. They ask me out.” She stood up and motioned for the other girls to line up. 
During warm-ups, a tall, dark figure at the edge of the field caught my eye. Jace cut across the empty field behind the school, presumably on his way home. Why didn’t he have a car? Maybe he hadn’t turned sixteen yet. Or maybe he didn’t have his license. He probably wouldn’t have to walk home for long. In no time, he’d have girls clamoring to give him rides home. Of course, if Becky had anything to do with it, Jace wouldn’t talk to any other girls but her. Jealousy simmered under my burning skin, making the heat more uncomfortable than it already was. Why did I care about how Jace got home from school, or who he chose for a girlfriend? It was none of my business.
Another dark figure appeared at the tree line of the woods bordering the field and seemed to skirt along the edge. Dizziness assaulted me as I watched him, and I staggered, almost falling over. I blinked to clear my vision. When I peered into the woods again, the dark figure had disappeared. My eyes were playing tricks on me. It had been happening a lot lately, probably a result of the extreme heat. Another wave of dizziness passed over me and I missed a step in the routine we were practicing.
“Rachel, you okay?” Coach Patrice asked. “Girls, let’s take a break and hydrate. Everyone needs to bring a water bottle to practice. I don’t want anyone passing out.”
I sat down on the bleachers and took a huge swig from my water bottle. Squinting into the distance, I could barely see Jace. Another person trudged across the field, but it wasn’t the same dark, hulking figure I’d seen before. This person was smaller, shorter, and had a mop of brunette hair. Alisa. I’d seen her walk that way last school year. Always alone. 
I felt sorry for Alisa. Becky always tormented her cousin for no reason at all. The rivalry started in middle school, but in all honesty, Becky had never been nice to her. I couldn’t remember why Becky decided to hate Alisa—it might have been a dispute over a crush. 
Then again, I couldn’t remember when it had been decided I was Becky’s best friend. It was certainly not a conscious decision on my part. Becky chose her best friends based on convenience, and though I’d been declared her Bestie today, she might choose someone else tomorrow. There had been a time in ninth grade when it was an honor to be Becky’s best friend, but, for me, most of the glamour had departed long ago. Being Becky’s best friend meant fetching bottled water, listening to her rants, and lending her a favorite garment or purse she might never return. 
At Coach Patrice’s summons, I stood up and followed the other girls back to the field. My gaze searched the field for Jace, but I couldn’t see him anymore. A fleeting feeling of disappointment washed over me. I wanted to see him one last time. But it was for the best. Jace was a distraction and even though he probably didn’t know it, he practically belonged to Becky. He’d been claimed.
Chapter Three
Alisa

The temperatures during the first week of school reached record highs and the walk home on Friday was beyond miserable. I’d been too apathetic to take my driver’s test. Consequently, I was practically the only junior at Cooper High who was forced to either take the bus or hoof it. I cut through the field behind school to get home faster. 
I noticed two figures just ahead of me and nearly turned back. I’d seen Jace walking this way a few times, but he was usually alone. Since I had no social skills to speak of, I usually hung back, skulking along the edges of the woods, avoiding contact. There were a couple of times I’d been tempted to increase my gait, to catch up with him and start a conversation, but I’d never actually worked up the courage to do so. 
So, who was Jace with? It wasn’t anyone I recognized. I slowed my stride, reluctant to draw attention to myself. Most of my fellow classmates despised me, and since the feeling was mutual, I tried to avoid contact with them whenever possible. For a moment, I considered turning back and taking a different route, but decided against it. The cheerleaders were practicing outside and the last thing I wanted to do was draw Becky’s attention.
I trudged forward, still trying to identify the person Jace was walking with. The guy next to Jace was a few inches taller and had a very muscular physique. Maybe he was a football player, but if so, why was he walking with Jace instead of practicing with his team? The guy pushed Jace. Jace shoved back. Books fell from Jace’s arms into the grass as the two guys scuffled. 
The bigger guy chuckled and shouted, “Wimp.”
I’d been paying such close attention to Jace, I’d unconsciously increased my speed and was close enough to see the other guy’s face. He looked a lot like Jace. Maybe he was an older brother or a cousin. 
The two guys hadn’t noticed me yet, so I ducked into the woods, hoping the thick brush would conceal me. The large guy turned when my backpack hit the ground at my feet, but after a few seconds of staring into the woods, he focused his attention on Jace once again. 
“Dad went to the hardware store. When he gets back, he has a project for us.” Okay, so the big guy must be Jace’s brother.
“Oh, joy.”
“He wants to finish the training room before I leave.”
“You know how much I love training,” Jace replied, leaning over to pick up his books.
“You might not like training, but you sure do need it. Seriously. You suck.”
“Oh, yeah? Watch this.”
The books hit the ground. Jace abruptly disappeared from where he’d been standing and reappeared behind his brother. I blinked and staggered back a step, nearly tripping over my backpack.
“You idiot,” the older brother said, turning and grabbing Jace’s upper arm. “Anyone could have seen you.”
“But no one did,” Jace said, jerking away. He retrieved his books and started to walk again.
His brother followed him. “Dad’s gonna be pissed when he finds out about this.”
“You don’t have to tell him.”
I couldn’t hear anything else because by the time the older guy spoke again they were too far away from me. I emerged from the woods, shaken. I could have used the heat and my own exhaustion to explain away what I saw, but something obviously happened—Jace’s older brother was furious about it. But what did happen? It looked like Jace disappeared. No. That was impossible. Wasn’t it?
On trembling legs, I renewed my trek home. For the first time ever, I wished I’d taken the bus. Then I could have avoided seeing what I saw, if in fact I saw anything at all. I still hadn’t ruled out the idea of hallucinations brought on by the heat. 
When I reached my house and the glory of air conditioning, I stripped off my sweaty clothes, again wondering about what I thought I saw. It was bizarre. Unexplainable. Impossible. Probably a figment of my very overactive imagination, a result of reading too many fantasy novels. I’d always wanted to be a writer and was constantly composing stories in my mind. Maybe this was a case of my storytelling gone awry. Yep. That’s what it was.
As I changed into fresh clothes and ran a brush through my hair, I began to weave a new tale. I daydreamed about Jace asking me out, our eventual engagement, marriage, children…A ridiculous fantasy, but it helped pass the time. Jace would never choose me over Becky. But then again, he’d managed to resist her so far. 
Jace wasn’t the only person who’d resisted my cousin. I could only hope he would be able to hold out longer than the last guy. Back in middle school, Becky and I both liked the same boy, but when he expressed interest in me instead of her, she retaliated by spreading vicious rumors about me. Too shy to fight back, I remained silent while the whole school turned against me. Long after the boy moved away, long after Becky fell in love with someone else, the repercussions of that ill-fated crush continued to haunt me. I thought about Jace and how I might be willing to go through the whole love-triangle drama all over again on the off-chance that he might return my interest.
While all the other girls my age moved forward into their teenage years, buying the latest fashions, perfecting makeup techniques, and highlighting their hair, I sat at home reading. I never giggled with girlfriends while doing manicures and makeovers. I looked the same way I did in middle school. My long, brown hair was pulled back in a messy ponytail. I wore jeans and baggy t-shirts or hoodies to hide the extra ten or twenty pounds that plagued my short frame. I didn’t wear a trace of makeup and I never painted my nails. It was no wonder I was the odd girl out. In my current state, I’d never attract Jace or any other guy.
Maybe it was time to face reality. My best bet was to muddle through high school, go to college out of state, and move as far from Oaktree as possible. There was nothing for me in Oaktree—no friends, no future, and certainly no tall, dark, handsome stranger who would fall hopelessly in love with me. That sort of thing only happened in romance novels.
***
I overslept Monday morning and was running late. I usually listened to music while getting ready for school, but today, I had the pleasure of getting ready to the angry sounds of my mother shouting up the stairs.
“Alisa, you’re going to be late.”
“Yes, I know. I’m coming.”
I threw my hair up into a messy bun, jammed a pair of flip-flops on my feet, grabbed my backpack, and ran down the stairs. I was halfway to school before I realized I was probably going to have the single most embarrassing day of my entire life. 
It was bad enough that my hair was still damp, and that each one of my toes were painted a different color because of my weekend attempt at finding out whether or not I was suited to warm or cool colors. No. The real tragedy was the fact that, instead of grabbing my faded pink t-shirt with the retro throwback to a favorite cartoon character of yore, I grabbed the pink shirt my mom had picked out for me over the summer—the one that said “Too Cute” across the front in sparkly pink paint. It was a shirt I never wore in public. In fact, I only wore it around the house a few times to show my mom I appreciated her gift. 
Unfortunately, it was the same shirt Cathy Delinios had worn for pictures last year, the same shirt Becky made fun of, the same shirt the whole school had been making fun of by the end of that day. Yep, and that was the shirt I was wearing right now. Oh, yeah. I was so dead.
“Mom, can we go back home?” I asked.
“No. No way. I’m supposed to meet a client in twenty minutes at a house that’s thirty minutes away. I’m already running late.”
“Please.”
“Why?”
“Um, my shirt has a stain on it,” I lied. 
“When you get to school, go to the ladies room and try to dab it off with a wet paper towel,” she said irritably.
Great. Just great. As if my life wasn’t enough of a living hell, I had an entire of day of “Alisa thinks she’s too cute,” to look forward to. Becky would be sure to draw everyone’s attention to my fashion faux pas. 
I removed a binder from my backpack, determined to use it as a shield. If I could hold it in front of me on the way to class, no one would really see what my shirt said. And then if I slumped down in my desk, or hunched down and crossed my arms in front of me, maybe that would hide the damning declaration written across the front of my shirt. Hopefully. 
I slinked into the classroom, slid into my seat, and prayed for death. Becky entered moments later, her eyes instantly landing on me. It’s like she had some sort of Alisa-humiliation-radar. 
“Oh, my God, Alisa. Aren’t you just Too Cute today?” she squealed. “I’ll bet everyone is going to think you’re Too Cute, and do you know why? Because it says it right there on your shirt.” The laughter from a half dozen students accompanied the punchline of her unfunny joke.
Rachel stepped in front of Becky, interrupting her. “Can you help me talk to Coach Patrice after school? If there’s money in the budget, we really need to push for new uniforms.”  
Distracted, Becky took her seat. She ranted about the current cheerleading uniforms, complaining about every aspect from the skirt length to the color. Rachel caught my eye and winked at me. She’d done it on purpose. She’d deliberately distracted Becky and kept her off my back at least temporarily. Rachel was my new favorite person. She was a lifesaver. 
Just as I began to retreat behind my textbook, I heard a voice I’d often heard in my dreams.  
“Hi, Alisa. Did you have a good weekend?” Jace asked.
What should I say? I couldn’t remember how to talk. “Yeah, you?” I finally managed to squeak out. Not the most brilliant and longwinded of speeches, but at least it was something.
“All right, people,” Mrs. Hanks said, slamming the classroom door behind her as she entered. “This isn’t a coffee shop, Evan. Get rid of the drink immediately. Becky, don’t stop talking on my account. By all means, finish your conversation.”  
The class quickly settled down. When it came to bringing a classroom full of unruly students to order, Mrs. Hanks was masterful.
***
As I set out across the field toward home, it was easy to ignore the heat in favor of fantasizing about Jace. I’d only known him for a few days, but he’d already spoken to me twice. 
Halfway across the field, I spotted Jace. He was with his brother again. Or at least that’s what I thought at first glance. I hung back, watching as Jace and his brother circled each other. This time, their stances were more menacing. It didn’t look like they were messing around—not this time. I moved forward, slowly approaching, and after a couple of yards, I realized this guy wasn’t the same man I’d seen last week. 
The man’s clothing was tattered, his hair matted. It was difficult to determine his age, but he was definitely an adult—he was at least a head taller than Jace. He was so filthy, he looked like he’d been camping out in the woods for days or even weeks.
The man lunged forward with a snarl and Jace leapt to the side, barely avoiding his grasp. A shriek escaped my throat as I stumbled back a step.
Jace looked over his shoulder. His eyes went wide. “Don’t come any closer.” 
I took another step back and tripped over my own feet. The attacker took advantage of the brief distraction caused by my startled cry. He flew toward Jace and pinned him to the ground. The man clenched his hand around Jace’s throat. Jace struggled for about a minute, and then stopped moving. 
Paralyzed, I stared at the scene before me, unable to react. Thoughts darted through my mind and for one rational moment, I considered calling 911. The attacker didn’t seem to care what I did. In fact, he barely acknowledged me at all. Without considering the consequences of my actions, I sprinted forward and swung my heavy backpack at the man’s face. I hit him dead on, and he turned his attention to me for a second or two. His blood-red eyes bore into mine and I recoiled.
The red-eyed man was distracted enough to release his death grip, allowing Jace to escape. He scrambled away from his attacker and leapt to his feet. They faced off once again. Jace crouched low and sprang toward the man. The attacker bared his teeth and darted out of the way. A ball of fire appeared in the palm of his hand, and he hurled it at Jace. Palms up, Jace raised his hands and the fireball sizzled into nothing. 
In a fraction of a second, Jace disappeared and abruptly reappeared behind his attacker, just like he’d done last week when he was messing around with his brother. With supernatural speed, he jumped at the man and hooked his arm around his neck. He wrenched the man’s head to the side. The red-eyed attacker slumped to the ground. Swiping his hand across his sweaty forehead and breathing heavily, Jace leaned forward, his hands on his knees. He glanced up at me, as if suddenly remembering I was still there.  
We stared at each other for a moment. Jace walked over to me and asked, “Are you okay?” 
I nodded. 
“We need to get out of here in case there are more of them,” he said, gesturing toward the lifeless body on the ground a few feet away from us. I flinched. Jace walked back and forth through the tall grass, scrutinizing the area closely. He bent down and picked up a textbook.
“Let’s go,” he said. When I didn’t move, he walked over to me and took my hand. I pulled it away. It was all too much. The attack. The fire. All of it. I couldn’t believe what I’d just seen. My hands shook spastically, and within seconds, tremors spread through my body as shock faded to terror.
“Come on, Alisa. You’re safe with me. I promise.” He lifted my book bag from the ground and began walking away. 
Staring at the bag dangling from his shoulder, I irrationally wondered whether or not it was a crime weapon and if my limited participation made me an accomplice to a murder. I questioned the wisdom of not having called the police.
“Should I call 911?” I asked stupidly. “I’m sure you won’t be in trouble. He attacked you first. I’m a witness.”
He turned back to look at me. “Alisa, that thing back there isn’t dead. You can’t kill a Hunter that easily. He’s just stunned. There could be more of them, so we should get out of here.” 
“What’s a Hunter?” I stammered, my teeth chattering. Tears came, but I fought them back. I’d cried enough in front of my classmates. I wouldn’t cry in front of Jace.
He seemed reluctant to answer. “Um, it’s hard to explain. You saved my life, though. Come on. My mom can explain this much better than I can.”
“Your mom?”
“We’ll go back to my house. Is that okay?”
His house? No. After what I’d seen, I just wanted to go home. I glanced away, my gaze falling on the red-eyed man. I could either follow Jace, or walk home by myself. What if Jace was right and the Hunter wasn’t dead? Would he awaken and follow me home? Obviously, I was no match for the red-eyed man, so I decided to take my chances with Jace.  
We left the field and took a shortcut through the woods. When we approached the rear border of one of the newer subdivisions in town, Jace helped me over the low fence enclosing his backyard. We stepped through the back door and into his kitchen.
“Mom. Hey, are you home?” he bellowed.
“Jace, you’d better have a good reason for yelling like that in the house,” a voice called out. A beautiful woman with curly, ebony hair came into the room. “Oh,” she exclaimed. “I didn’t realize you’d brought a friend.” Her eyes widened and a flash of recognition lit up her eyes, but only for a second. 
“This is Alisa. I was walking home and she…well. Yeah. She saved me from a Hunter,” Jace said. 
His mother gasped, swaying on her feet. So much for breaking the news gently, I thought. In a rush, Jace relayed a garbled version of events, and I wondered how she would be able to make sense of such a confusing recount. When he got to the part about me hitting the Hunter with my bag, his mother put her hand on her heart and flashed me a tearful half-smile.
“Jace, thank God you’re safe.” She pulled him close. “I couldn’t bear to lose another son. Alisa,” she cried, releasing Jace and pulling me into a hug. “Thank you.”  
As I stood in an unfamiliar kitchen locked in the embrace of a woman I’d just met, I was adrift in a fog of confusion. These people spoke of Hunters and weird, supernatural abilities as if they were perfectly commonplace. Who were they, and more importantly, what were they?
“Jace.” A deep, icy voice drifted in from the kitchen doorway. 
Mrs. Alexander released me and I turned around. It was the same man I’d seen last week—the guy I assumed was Jace’s older brother. I wondered how long he’d been standing there listening in on the conversation. His eyes caught mine, and the look he gave me was searching and uncomfortable. I blushed and looked down at my feet. 
“Dad will be home soon. I think we should wait for him to get here before we say anything else, don’t you?”  
I dared another glance at Jace’s older brother. He would have been extremely attractive with his tall, muscular frame, had it not been for his cold and off-putting demeanor. I shivered as my eyes met his again.
“She saved my life, Bryce,” Jace argued. “She saw my magic firsthand. We owe her some explanation.”
“She hit the Hunter with a book bag. Big deal. Why don’t we tell her all our family secrets, then?” Bryce crossed his arms in front of him and glared at his younger brother. Thick muscles bulged from his snug-fitting black t-shirt. He looked only slightly less intimidating than the red-eyed man who’d nearly killed Jace.
“She battled a Hunter, which, for all of your training, you’ve never done,” Jace snapped. Bryce’s expression turned murderous.
“Go ahead and mock me if you’d like. At least I’ve never had to depend on a human to protect me,” Bryce spat, advancing on his brother.
“How do you know she isn’t the one we’ve been looking for?” Jace shouted.
“If she was the Innocent, the Hunter would have gone after her instead of you, moron,” Bryce said. “She has no magic.” He motioned toward me dismissively.
“She has something...” Jace said in my defense.
“Enough,” Mrs. Alexander said firmly. “I’ll decide who stays and for how long. I’m the adult here, remember?”  
I finally worked up enough nerve to speak. “Um, Mrs. Alexander? I should probably leave now. I have homework and…” I trailed off, sounding as stupid as I felt. I didn’t do well with new people, especially a whole room full.
Jace’s mother took pity on me. She put her arm around my shoulders maternally and said, “I’m sure this has all been very upsetting and confusing, dear. We’ll give you a ride home, but could I ask one favor? Could you come over and have dinner with us tomorrow? I promise we’ll explain everything to you then. In the meantime, I would be very grateful if you could keep all of this to yourself.” 
I nodded in agreement, thankful to be going home at last. My relief was short-lived, however, when Bryce grabbed a set of car keys and said, “Toss the human in the truck, and let’s go.” I felt like a piece of meat.
“Bryce, that’s no way to treat our new friend,” she said. “If I find out you…”
“Whatever,” he mumbled, striding toward the front door. I followed the two brothers outside to a pickup truck. Smashed in between the two of them, we rode to my house in near silence. Jace tried to fiddle with the radio, but one nasty comment from his older brother had him sitting back in his seat and looking out the passenger side window.
The silence was broken occasionally when I was forced to offer directions. I prayed Bryce would have other plans the next day. I couldn’t imagine sitting across the kitchen table from him. I’d never met a more unpleasant and unlikable man in my life and I hated him instinctively. His darkness permeated the small cab of the pickup truck and I was close to tears by the time we pulled into my driveway. 
I went upstairs and fell into bed, not bothering to change clothes or eat dinner. I had to fight back the urge to laugh when I remembered the promise I’d made to Mrs. Alexander. It was an easy promise to keep. If I told anyone what I’d witnessed, I would be locked away in a mental institution. My family already thought I was crazy. 
***
By the time school rolled around the next day, I’d nearly convinced myself I’d dreamt everything that had happened over the past several days. One look in the mirror at the Too Cute shirt convinced me at least part of my recent nightmare was real. It was probably safe to assume I hadn’t imagined the Hunter attack and Jace’s use of strange, magical powers either. 
When I arrived in first period, I staked out my usual spot in the back of the classroom and tried to finish the homework I’d failed to complete the night before. 
Jace entered the classroom alone. “How are you today? Are you alright?”
“I’m fine. How are you, though?” I asked softly.
“Great. I’m looking forward to dinner tonight. You’re still coming, right?” He smiled at me and I fell even more deeply in love with him.
“Absolutely.” I returned his smile.
“You should give me your phone number,” he said. I scribbled my number on a sheet of notebook paper. He hadn’t accepted Becky’s number when she offered, but he wanted mine. Unreal.
Jace spoke to me for a couple of minutes and I struggled to think of witty, semi-coherent replies. I wasn’t a very skilled conversationalist, so I was relieved when he took his seat at the front of the room.  
I expected our early morning conversation to be the extent of our interaction at school, but I was wrong. I sat alone at the back of the lunchroom and picked at the unrecognizable food on my lunch tray. A sudden wind lifted the wisps of hair at the nape of my neck, and an instant later, Jace pulled up a chair to sit next to me.
“What are you doing here?” I blurted, gaping at him in shock.
“Do you mind if I sit next to you?” he asked, gesturing at the four empty chairs grouped around the table where we sat.
“You don’t have to,” I said. 
“That’s good to know. What is this crap?” The fact that he couldn’t identify the food before him didn’t seem to dampen his appetite. He shoved forkfuls into his mouth, and I cringed as he devoured the mystery meat. Jace chatted in between bites as if it were perfectly normal to be sitting there with me. I thought I should tell him he was off the hook, that he didn’t have to pretend to like me just because he thought I’d saved his life. 
“Hey, aren’t you eating?” he asked. I shook my head and he attacked my food with gusto. “My brother and I will pick you up for dinner tonight.”
I shivered as I recalled Bryce’s penetrating, cold stare. “I can walk. I like walking.”
“Yeah, but still. It may not be safe,” he insisted, glancing around the cafeteria to make sure no one was watching. They were, of course. Everyone was staring. Jace leaned in closer and I shivered. “You need protection.”
“Your brother said I’m not the one they’re looking for. What does that mean?” I asked, shocking myself. Ordinarily, I let others ask the questions, but my curiosity couldn’t be contained. 
“We’ll talk about it later. So, do you want to come over to my house right after school?” 
“I don’t know if I can. I mean, I didn’t ask…” I stammered. “My mom’s picking me up today…”
“Just make sure she lets you come over tonight.” His smile temporarily stunned me and I nodded in agreement before I could help myself. “Let me know if you need help convincing her, because I can be very persuasive,” he claimed. 
I blushed and glanced away. I imagined he could persuade me to do nearly anything.
Jace continued talking to me as if he actually enjoyed my company. He didn’t act martyred or uncomfortable. I barely said a word to him, and yet he continued a one-sided conversation until the bell rang.
As I scurried nervously from the lunchroom, Jace finished the last few morsels of food on my tray. “Hey, Alisa,” he called across the lunchroom. “I’ll see you tonight.”
I nodded to indicate I’d heard him, and then made my hasty retreat. I was painfully aware half the school was watching me as I rushed to my next class. If Jace continued to associate with me, he’d better be prepared to join me in the cesspool of Cooper High gossip. I hoped he wouldn’t choose his budding popularity over our newly established friendship. I was tired of being alone.
Chapter Four
Rachel

From the moment I’d opened my eyes that morning, I felt off-kilter. Strange dreams had plagued me all night, but no matter how hard I tried, I couldn’t remember what any of them were about. Though I’d gone to bed early the night before, I still felt exhausted. I contemplated skipping my morning run, but the beginning of football and cheerleading season was no time to give in to laziness, so I knocked my covers aside and got out of bed. After throwing on a pair of shorts, a tank top, and my ratty tennis shoes, I pulled my long hair into a lopsided knot at the top of my head, grabbed my I-pod, and sprinted out the door.
The sun was just coming up, but it was already muggy and humid. Typical late August weather in southern Georgia. Imagine Dragons’ Radioactive assaulted my eardrums as I broke into a steady run. My breath came more rapidly as I gained speed and left my subdivision. Sweat trickled down my back. I couldn’t wait to get home and take a shower.  
As I turned onto the main road that led toward town, ripples of fear shot up my spine—a feeling that usually signaled someone was watching me. It had been happening a lot lately—the strange sensation of being watched. Sometimes I even caught of glimpse of a dark figure, though no one else ever seemed to see anything. The idea that it was all in my head certainly didn’t soothe my fears. Mental illness seemed to run in my family, so there was nothing comforting about the thought that I was imagining things.
I kept running while scanning my surroundings, my anxiety increasing with every step I took. I pulled the earbuds from my ears so I could hear if anyone tried to approach me. Without the music, it was too quiet. The sound of my own feet as they pounded the pavement freaked me out. 
I’d carefully selected this route. My mother and I drove it in order to get the exact mileage. I never deviated from this path, but that day I did. I knew if I continued along the street I was on, I would run headfirst into danger. Turning around, I retraced my route toward home. As I passed my neighbor’s house at the end of the street, their dog suddenly began barking. Not a friendly bark, or a hey you came too close to my territory bark, but an ears back, snarling, growling, I’ll rip you apart bark. The ferocity of his growls made me miss a step and I staggered, almost falling.
A snarl came from a different direction. When I looked to my right, a figure darted out from behind the house across the street. I sprinted in a full-out run until I reached my front door. I briefly considered waking my mother and telling her what happened, but what did happen? Probably nothing. I quickly showered and got ready for school.
The strange experience left me with a lingering feeling of anxiety as I went through my morning routine. Halfway to school, I realized I’d forgotten to put on my necklace. I felt naked without it. The necklace had been passed down through my father’s family for generations, and I wore it without fail ever since the day he gave it to me. Before he died, my father told me it was special and to wear it always, so I hardly ever took it off. If I held the pendant close to my heart, I could feel his presence. 
I was nervous when I arrived at school. My legs shook slightly as I walked into my first period class. I nodded politely to Jace and Alisa as I took my seat. 
“Hey, Jace,” Becky called as she flounced into the room. It irritated me the way she flirted with him, but I knew my feelings weren’t justified. After all, I had a boyfriend and Becky did not. And although the dogs had been circling since the beginning of the school year, she’d managed to hold them at bay while pursuing Jace relentlessly. 
“I wonder how many points Mrs. Hanks deducts for a late assignment,” Jace said. 
“Ten each day,” I replied. He turned around and looked at me. I wondered why he seemed so startled that I’d answered his question. A warm shiver ran through me as our eyes met. 
Jace had been in my thoughts constantly, but each time I found myself thinking about him, I gave myself a sharp mental slap. Junior year was critical and I couldn’t afford to succumb to the inevitable drama that would result if I dumped my long-time boyfriend to hook up with this new guy. As far as boyfriends went, Robert was safe—no emotional investment there. Jace was…well, a distraction.
Distraction took on a whole new form the moment the room filled up and Mrs. Hanks passed out our exams. 
“This class is stupid,” a petulant voice whined. I turned my head to look at Amber, surprised to hear her speaking out loud in the middle of a test. She looked at me quizzically.
“I wonder if Justin is going to ask me out.” Sydney’s voice drifted over to me on a raft of despair. I turned to look at her, but she stared resolutely at her paper. I glanced around the classroom and it occurred to me that no one else heard these voices. As waves of depression, joy, confusion, and fear crashed over me, I feared I’d lost my mind.
Becky’s voice insinuated itself into my head and with it, an avalanche of hatred and animosity poured into me. “I can’t believe Jace was talking to Alisa. I should totally tell him she’s a whore. Everyone will back me up. She’ll have to drop out of school by the time I’m finished with her. I swear, I don’t know how I can possibly be related to someone like her. What a freaking waste of space.”
Becky’s thoughts brought my migraine to a crescendo, and as my emotional pain blended with my physical agony, shards of razor-sharp images slashed through my mind. Each memory lashed a deeper furrow through my conscience: the time Becky spread a rumor about Amber, effectively ending her relationship with a long-time boyfriend; the time I watched while the football players brutally hazed a weaker player because he made a bad play, resulting in the freshman spending a night in the hospital; the dozens of times Becky tormented her shy, socially inept cousin. Each incident shared a common thread—I did nothing to stop it, said nothing, helped no one.
By the time first period was over, my nervous system was on overload. As I walked down the hall from one class to another, I tried to avoid looking at anyone. Each time I inadvertently made eye contact with someone, a barrage of feelings assaulted me. Everyone seemed to be surrounded in a haze of color. I blinked several times to clear my vision, but it didn’t help.
Class changes were agony. When people brushed against me in the crowded hallway, those brief episodes of physical contact sent waves of love, pain, fear, and shame through me. I could feel a mix of emotions in every cell of my body. As the day progressed, I became increasingly overwhelmed. A thin layer of perspiration covered my face, but my arms were cold and goose bumped. I was either very ill or having a complete mental breakdown.
I spent lunch period hiding in the bathroom, praying and begging God to help me get through the day. I cried a little and hated myself for it. I hoped I would be able to pull myself together enough to take my History quiz. Crazy or not, there was no way I would let my grades tank.
By the time the bell rang to signal the end of the day, I couldn’t take it another minute. My head pounded and my whole body ached. Every muscle and nerve ending in my body twitched and burned. 
“Hey, baby. Where have you been hiding? I haven’t seen you all day.” Robert stepped in front of me, blocking my escape.
“I’m sick.” I flinched away from his outstretched arms. “I don’t think I can stay for practice.”
“Poor Rachel. I’ll tell the coach you’re going home. Hey, Vanessa,” he called as he led me outside. “Can you give her a ride?” 
I somehow managed to endure the agonizing journey home. Being in such close quarters with another human being was a brutal assault on my emotions. Weak with relief, I let myself into my house.
After swallowing three of my migraine pills, I waited for the agony to subside. The day’s horrific events replayed in my mind and the emotional overload created the most agonizing headache I’d ever experienced. Out of desperation, I did the only thing that really helped my migraines—I took a nap.
My cell phone rang, startling me awake. Disoriented, I glanced at the time on my alarm clock. It was after five. The caller ID displayed Becky’s name and number, and with great reluctance, I answered it.
“Hello.”
“Hey, girl. Why weren’t you at practice?” 
“I wasn’t feeling well.”
“Slacker,” she replied. “So, I have this idea about how to get back at Alisa…”
“What? Why do you need to get back at her? What did she do to you?”
“It’s just like middle school. She’s trying to flirt with Jace even though she knows I was talking to him first. Poor Jace doesn’t know any better.”
“Oh, I think he does. He seems to be a pretty good judge of character, if you ask me.”
“Um, excuse me. What the hell is that supposed to mean?” Her voice was filled with outrage and my head began to throb all over again. 
For a second, I almost considered backing down. But then I remembered all the times I’d encouraged Becky by laughing at her jokes, or gasping with mock surprise at each whispered rumor she started. By letting her get away with abusing others, I was just as bad as she was. Becky was a bully and I had been her unwilling, but apathetic accomplice. Well, not anymore. It was time to draw the line. Popularity wasn’t everything and I was ready to face the consequences if Becky decided to turn on me. 
“Leave Alisa alone. Seriously,” I said.
“You know what? I don’t know why I even bother to talk to you about anything. You’re such a judgmental religious freak. You mind your own business, and I’ll take care of mine,” she hissed.
“If you do anything to Alisa, I’ll forward those text messages to your mom, and I’ll copy everyone,” I said through gritted teeth. I didn’t need to read her mind to know what she was thinking. The pictures said it all—a drunken fling with Amber’s boyfriend memorialized on her cell phone and sent to me as a joke. Becky knew I never deleted anything. Her reign of terror was about to come to an end, at least where Alisa was concerned. 
“What the hell is wrong with you? What did I do to you?” she snapped.
“What haven’t you done? I’ve stood by for years and said nothing while you tormented that girl. It’s over,” I said.
“Like I said, it’s none of your business.” 
“It is now. One more word to or against your cousin, and the truth will come out. I can’t prove everything, but a picture paints a thousand words,” I said. 
“You’ll regret this, Rachel.” The call disconnected. 
In the past, I would have been worried about Becky’s threat. I would have been even more worried about the idea of my mother finding out I’d used inappropriate pictures to blackmail someone. But given my current situation, the only thing I was worried about was the strange hallucinations I’d suffered earlier in the day. Something was seriously wrong, and I wasn’t completely convinced I could blame it on my migraines. Maybe my greatest fear had finally come to pass and I was losing my mind. Just like my brother, Jeffrey.
Chapter Five
Alisa

Maybe I should have gone to Jace’s house right after school. Going home first just gave me a chance to work up a good case of nerves. My anxiety increased tenfold when I stepped outside and saw Bryce’s pickup in my driveway. I definitely wasn’t looking forward to dealing with Bryce again.
Jace tried to talk and joke around during the ride, but Bryce’s crabby mood put a damper on any attempt at normal conversation. Jace turned on the radio, but it seemed Bryce preferred the uncomfortable silence. 
“Touch my stereo again, and I’ll set you on fire,” Bryce hissed, reaching out to turn the radio off. “You have horrible taste in music.” 
I stifled a smile. I wasn’t a huge fan of pulsating rap music either. Bryce shot me a glance. I pulled my face back to an expression of solemnity and tried not to breathe. 
When we arrived at the Alexanders’ house, Bryce disappeared into another room and I relaxed immediately. Without his intensely cold presence, I felt more comfortable. While his parents finished making dinner, Jace and I sat together on the sofa. He asked me questions about school and Oaktree, and I tried to answer as best I could without making a fool of myself.
 I didn’t know what to expect after everything that had happened the previous day, but the Alexanders were just like a normal family. When we sat down in the dining room, his parents insisted I call them by their first names, Abe and Jerica.  
Bryce rolled his eyes. In some families, siblings hate each other, so maybe Bryce was being brotherly. Or maybe he was being a jerk.
“Thanks for coming over tonight, Alisa,” Jerica said. “And thank you for giving us a chance to offer you some explanations. Dinner will be ready in a few minutes, but before we eat, is there anything you wanted to say?”
“Um, no. I can’t think of anything right now.”
“Really? You had an encounter with a Hunter yesterday, and you can’t think of anything to say?” Bryce chuckled. “Wow.”  
“That’s enough, Bryce.” Abe threw a thunderous look at his older son. “Tone it down, or leave the table.” He turned his attention to me. “Jace told me what happened yesterday and I think you might have misinterpreted the situation.”
“Abe,” Jerica cautioned. He lifted one hand and she went silent.
“If you can tell me what you saw, I’m sure I can offer you a rational explanation for what happened.”
“I…I can’t really explain it,” I stammered. There was no way I was going to sit there and talk about magic and Hunters. If Jace already told his dad what had happened, why was Mr. Alexander asking me to go over it again?
“Well, if she can’t explain it, then I guess this conversation is over,” Bryce said. “It was all a bad dream. You can go home now.”
A frown furrowed my brow. It wasn’t a bad dream. As much as I wanted to believe nothing happened, I knew it did. Bryce knew it too. I’d come over to Jace’s house with the expectation that someone was going to tell me what was going on, but instead, they just wanted to know what I remembered so they could lie to me and explain it away. It sucked.
Jace must have been thinking along the same lines because he came to my rescue. “Come on. She knows what she saw. She remembers everything that happened. Are we going to tell her the truth, or not?”
Jerica nodded to her son before turning her gaze on her husband. They looked at each other for several long seconds, and at last, Abe sighed. 
“Alisa, I’m going to say some things tonight which may sound unbelievable, but I assure you I will be as straightforward as possible. There is magic in our world. Not everyone believes in it, but it’s there nevertheless. Our family’s heritage is based in magic. Our bloodline is a mixture of human and an ancient people known as the Fae.” Abe paused, waiting for my reaction.  
Whatever it was I’d expected them to tell me, this wasn’t it. I glanced around the room, looking for the hidden cameras. I wondered if I’d stumbled onto the set of a strange, new reality show. I hated to think I was the butt of an elaborate joke. My gaze settled on Bryce who wore his usual expression of borderline rage. Jace couldn’t quite meet my eye. He fidgeted with the silverware in front of him. Jerica and Abe met my searching gaze and I couldn’t help but believe Abe’s explanation. Nothing else made sense, so I decided to cast aside my skepticism long enough to hear what Abe had to say. He must have seen a look of acceptance, or something like it, pass over my face, because he nodded to Jerica and continued speaking.
 “The creature you encountered in the field yesterday was a Hunter, a half-Demon. He was drawn to Jace’s magic,” Abe explained.
Bryce interrupted with a sneer. “Because Jace is too much of an idiot to mask his powers. If he’d kept using the suppression spells…”
“Last chance, Bryce,” Abe snapped.
“I can’t freaking believe we’re doing this. If Central found out…” Bryce threw a nasty glance my way, and I looked down at the empty plate in front of me.
Abe stood up and motioned for his older son to do the same. Bryce followed his father into the kitchen. Jerica began to speak, but when the oven alarm buzzed, she excused herself and disappeared. 
“Sorry about my brother,” Jace said. “He’s only nineteen, but he thinks he runs the whole house. I don’t know how Mom and Dad can stand him…”
“Don’t worry about it,” I interrupted. I didn’t want his parents to overhear us talking about his family. I didn’t want them to think I was sneaky or disloyal. 
“Hey, I’ll be right back. I have this amazing CD you totally need to listen to. It’s this band from Denver and I know the drummer,” he said, bolting from his seat and shooting down the hallway.
“No…” But it was too late. Alone in a strange dining room in a strange house, I had no choice but to listen to the raised voices on the other side of the door.
“…tell her who we are. But you’re seriously going to tell her why we’re here? That’s going too far, don’t you think?” Bryce’s angry words assaulted me through the closed door.
“I have a good feeling, Bryce. I see a good outcome.” Jerica spoke so softly, I had to strain to hear her.
“Perception,” Bryce spat. “Little good that did you when…”
“Don’t say it,” Abe shouted. 
Jerica interrupted. “Help me with this, Abe. Bryce, go back to the dining room.” The door opened. Bryce stared at me with undisguised disdain. He slammed the sliding, wooden door shut, causing me to flinch.
“Did you hear all that?” he asked, striding toward me. “You don’t belong here. You aren’t one of us.” He stood over me, so close I could feel his breath on my face, and I tried to blink back tears of confusion and fear.
“I couldn’t find it…” At the sound of Jace’s voice, Bryce disappeared and was in his seat with an innocent expression plastered on his face. 
Jace’s parents entered the room, casserole dishes in hand, and began to pass the steaming food around. When everyone was served, Jerica smiled and began speaking as if the angry exchange in the kitchen had never occurred. 
“The magical community is secretive,” Jerica said, “but we believe we can trust you, Alisa. Our family came to Oaktree for a reason. I’m a First Watcher. It’s my job to supervise Warriors, Protectors, and other magical people in my territory and to report Demon and Hunter activity to our Central Headquarters. Abe’s job is to serve as my Protector.”
She continued, “One of my most sacred duties as a First Watcher is to identify and train Innocents—descendents of the Fae who are unaware of their heritage.”
“It isn’t you, so don’t get any stupid ideas,” Bryce mumbled in my direction. He stuck his finger in his full glass of water, and the liquid began to bubble. 
“You’re too old to play at the table,” Jerica said. Then turning to me, she continued speaking. “I believe the Hunter who attacked Jace was drawn to Oaktree by the presence of an Innocent. Obviously, until we can identify and offer protection, this person is in danger. Jace…”
“…is an idiot,” Bryce said. 
“…is lucky he wasn’t killed. An untrained Spellbringer is no match for a Hunter. It takes a skilled Spellbringer to…and then sometimes…” Jerica trailed off, her voice trembling.
Abe gave Jerica a reassuring smile and began speaking. “Our son, Royce, was killed by Hunters five months ago. He was only twenty-two, and had almost completed Warrior training.” 
“I’m so sorry,” I whispered. Abe flashed me a grateful, but watery smile.
“Magic is both a gift and a curse, especially for one who is untrained,” Abe said.
“Like Jace,” Bryce interrupted. Jace glared at him, looking as if he was about to jump over the table and beat his older brother to death. 
Abe broke in before a fight could ensue. “Training takes time. Magic is a tool very few have at their disposal. It can be a remarkable gift, but until it’s controlled, it can be a danger as well.” 
“Dad, can I say something?” Jace asked. 
“I don’t see why not.” 
“Oh, great,” Bryce said. “We get to hear a lecture from the idiot who spends all his time worrying about getting a date to the school dance.” 
“Like you were dedicated to training when you were in high school. How many times were you suspended senior year? Weren’t so worried about training then, were you?” Jace was livid.
“I did my work. I knew enough to get accepted by the Warrior Training Bureau at eighteen. If you weren’t so …” Bryce stopped when he saw the expression on his dad’s face. “Sorry Dad… Mom,” he mumbled. 
“Jace, please continue,” Abe said.
“Alisa, I don’t want you to be freaked out by everything you heard. For the most part, we’re just like everyone else.” Jace flashed me a crooked smile.
Bryce set out on a mission to undermine his brother’s declaration. He stared directly at me as he picked up a fork and dropped it. Before it clattered to the table, he lifted his hand a few inches above it. The charmed utensil spun in the air. Bryce flashed me a wicked smile as I gaped in shock. Jerica slapped his hand, causing the fork to fall to the table. Jace shot his older brother a menacing look and gave up on his explanation.
I helped Jerica clear the table and prepare dessert. As we feasted on chocolate cake, conversation drifted from the supernatural to the mundane. I noticed the Alexanders kept their explanations fairly brief, but that was okay. I’d learned enough thanks to Bryce’s scathing comments. I snuck a glance in his direction and he quickly looked away. Bryce watched me the rest of the evening when he thought no one else was looking. I knew he resented my presence and I hated being the object of such animosity.
“Alisa, we’re having a barbeque on Saturday if you’d like to come over. Nothing fancy, just family,” Jerica said casually. 
And so began my relationship with the Alexander family.
Chapter Six
Rachel

Too fearful to take my morning run, I slept in an extra thirty minutes. After the incident the day before, I was afraid to go to school. For the first time in my life, I actually considered skipping and staying home. What if it happened again? I couldn’t handle another day of hearing voices—imagined or real. Nor did I want to spend eight hours drowning in the emotions of others. I was certain to put on my necklace, the one my father said would keep my migraines at bay and keep me safe. Even though I wasn’t usually superstitious, I needed all the help I could get.
Unfortunately, no piece of jewelry could protect me from Becky. After our argument, she was sure to make my life difficult, so I braced myself for a horrible day. I could still pick up on other people’s emotions and a few stray thoughts, but it was muted and somewhat manageable. 
While in class, I was too focused on my studies to worry about Becky, but cheerleading practice was a different story. She used any excuse to criticize me and by the end of the afternoon, everyone on the team figured out Becky had excommunicated me from her friendship circle.
After practice, I changed clothes and sat out on the bleachers, waiting for football practice to end. My mother had confiscated my car keys the night before because I hadn’t completed my chores, so I either had to walk home or wait for Robert to give me a ride. After my morning run the day before, there was no way I was going to walk home by myself. I was still too frightened. 
The longer I sat on the bleachers, the more uncomfortable I felt. Even though I told myself I was being silly, I couldn’t shake the feeling of being watched. I’d never been afraid of the woods before. After all, I’d grown up playing in the wooded area behind our house. During the warm summer days of my childhood, my brother and I used to sit on the bank of the creek all day holding a fishing pole. We used to swing on the kudzu vines overhanging some of the taller trees. I’d never been the type of girl to allow my imagination to run wild, but now I couldn’t stop seeing things that weren’t there. 
My feeling of unease grew exponentially with each passing moment. I had an overwhelming urge to put as much distance as possible between myself and the woods. When I could no longer stand the tingling, prickling feeling on the back of my neck, I got up and jogged over to the football field. Robert threw his helmet to the ground at his feet and wrapped me in a sweaty hug. 
“Let me go inside and shower,” he said as I squirmed away from him. “You gonna wait out here?”
I cast a quick glance toward the woods and thought I saw movement. “No. I think I’ll wait in the gym.”  
When Robert and I left the gym several minutes later, I thought I saw something in the trees behind the main school building. “Did you see that?” I asked, gesturing toward the back of the school.
“Yeah,” he said, shrugging. “I think it was a deer or something.”
“Oh, yeah. You’re probably right,” I agreed. Robert was probably right, but my shoulders still sagged with relief once we were in the car with the doors locked. By the time we left the parking lot my fears were forgotten. I ignored the vibrations in the air that surely signaled changes were coming. After all, nothing exciting ever happened in our town.
***
Robert picked me up Friday night for a party. Katie’s parents were out of town, and everyone was supposed to get together for a night of drunken idiocy. I didn’t drink, nor did I approve of others doing so, but it was impossible to change things. I made a lot of noise about not wanting to go, but in the end, I bowed to Robert’s wishes and allowed myself to be swept along on a wave of peer-pressure.
He tried to kiss me the moment I hopped into his car, but I pushed him away when his lustful thoughts poured into my mind. I couldn’t bear for him to touch me again, so I tried to stay out of reach by pressing myself as close to the door as possible.  It was going to be tough trying not to brush up against anyone at the crowded party. Anxiety made my palms sweat. 
“You okay?” Robert asked, noticing my odd behavior.  
“Just a little headache,” I said. “Mind if I open the window?” Robert pressed the control to lower my window a few inches.
We rode along in silence. The party was on the other side of town in one of the newer subdivisions. Practically everyone in our school was there. Several people called my name the moment we walked in the door, while a group of football players shouted to Robert. We went our separate ways for a about a half hour or so, drifting from one group to another and greeting friends. 
One thing that bothered me was the fact that I kept searching for Jace in the crowd. I wondered if he’d been invited. Surely Becky would have asked him to come. Why did I care so much about whether or not Jace was going to be there? It’s not like we were friends. I’d never really talked to him. Becky had already made it clear he was her conquest and therefore off-limits. That in itself should have encouraged me to steer clear of Jace. Becky and I might have had a falling out, but I didn’t need to antagonize her deliberately.  
Still, I couldn’t help thinking about Jace. I had to force myself to stop craning my neck looking for him. I didn’t want to be obvious by asking about him, so I suffered in silence. There was something about him I couldn’t put my finger on. He was different from the other guys. Not just because he was new to town. There was something else. 
I decided not to think about Jace anymore. Unfortunately, my resolve crumbled after about a minute when I heard someone speak his name. My hearing zoned in on a small cluster of people standing by the patio door a few feet away from me and I eavesdropped shamelessly.
“I asked Jace to come with me,” Becky said, “but he had other plans.” 
“What about Homecoming?” Katie asked, “Did he ask you yet?”
“Not yet,” Becky admitted. “But he will soon.
“Well, what if he doesn’t ask you and everyone already has a date?” This question was from Sydney. Bad move. I turned slightly so I could see the expression on Becky’s face.
Becky glared at Sydney. “Well, if that happens, I guess I’ll just go with Justin.”  Sydney’s eyes went wide when Becky threatened to steal her boyfriend. “After all, Justin has been after me for two years. You were his second choice.” Becky and Katie giggled as Sydney walked away.
“Why am I here?” I wondered. These weren’t really my friends. A friend is someone who loves and supports you no matter what. These girls couldn’t wait to rip someone apart. I turned away from the group I was standing with and went in search of Robert. I didn’t want to be anywhere near Becky any longer.
Robert smiled as I approached. When I reached his side, he grabbed me around the waist and kissed the side of my neck. He knew I didn’t like public displays of affection, but I decided to let it go just this once. I felt guilty about my waning attraction toward him and didn’t want to embarrass him in front of his friends by pushing him away. He pulled me into a close embrace and his thoughts poured into me. Within seconds, I read his intent to pressure me into doing something inappropriate as soon as we left the party. Sickened, I mumbled something about getting a drink and moved away from Robert and his group. 
Stepping outside on the back patio, I called my mother and asked her to pick me up. After giving her directions, I took a deep breath to try to calm my churning emotions. I could tell my mother was curious, but she didn’t ask why I was leaving so soon. We’d always had a deal—if I felt uncomfortable in any situation, especially a date, she would pick me up with no questions asked. She’d probably want to discuss it later, but I was okay with that. I just wanted to get away from there as quickly as possible.
Robert had obviously tired of waiting for my return. He was engaged in what appeared to be a very intimate conversation with a blond sophomore who seemed to be pitifully enamored by his attention. When I interrupted them, the girl blushed and lowered her eyes. Robert seemed irritated to see me, but when I told him I didn’t feel well and was leaving, he looked relieved. With a quick kiss on the cheek, he dismissed me. 
Leaving the party, I had an overwhelming feeling my goodbye to Robert was the end of a chapter in my life. It was the same feeling of premonition I’d experienced when I kissed my father goodbye the morning before he was killed. Lately, I’d been having a lot of strange thoughts and notions.
As my mother steered the car toward home, I saw two mocha-skinned men playing basketball in their driveway. One of the guys looked like Jace. This time, my sense of premonition was screaming at me, insisting my life was on a new trajectory. The waiting was over. Something had begun.
Chapter Seven
Alisa

I woke up too early Saturday morning and an eternity of waiting stretched out before me. Jerica hadn’t asked me to bring anything to the barbeque, but I decided it would be nice to make some chocolate-chip cookies. It would be rude to show up empty-handed, and besides, baking would help me kill some time and keep me from going crazy with anticipation.
Later that afternoon, Bryce’s truck pulled up in the driveway right on time. I grabbed the platter of cookies, yelled goodbye to my parents, and dashed out the door, trying to suppress the anxious smile that was spreading across my face. My smile dimmed when I discovered Jace was not in the truck, only Bryce. Oh, great.
“What’s that?” he asked, pointing at the foil-covered platter. 
“Cookies. Can you hold this a second?” I shoved the platter toward him, climbed into the passenger seat, and fastened my seat belt. 
“Chocolate chip.” He was already biting into one as he asked, “Can I have one? Oh, these are good.” He handed the platter to me and backed out of the driveway. 
We rode along in silence for about a minute. I concentrated on looking out the passenger side window. I tried to be as still as possible, afraid the slightest movement would remind him of how much he hated me. 
He finally asked, “So, it’s hot out today, isn’t it?” I guessed Bryce wasn’t any better at small talk than I was. That was probably the only thing we had in common.
“Yes, it is,” I replied. “It’s always hot this time of year. It doesn’t usually cool down until October. Then it’s nice.”
“I won’t be here in October. I’m leaving in a few days and I’ll be gone until December,” he said.
“So, where are you going? I mean, if you can’t tell me, that’s okay. I know it’s training, so it might be a secret…” Oh, nice. I was babbling. 
“I’ll be out of the country. It’ll be cold there by October.” His response was polite, but evasive. “Can I have another cookie?” he asked. The truck swerved a bit when he stretched to reach the platter. When our hands brushed, a warm rush of energy traveled from my fingertips to my shoulder. I wondered if he deliberately shocked me with his magic. 
“You don’t have to sit so far away from me. I don’t bite, you know.” He gave me a sideways glance. “About the other day…I didn’t mean to be so harsh, but our family doesn’t associate with normal humans unless we have to. Please don’t make us regret trusting you.” 
“I won’t,” I replied. It was irritating to be reminded once again that he thought I wasn’t good enough for his family. His distrust doubled my determination to prove him wrong. He thought I couldn’t keep a secret? He had no idea how closed-mouthed and stubborn I could be.
Bryce pulled his truck into the driveway and turned off the ignition. “Wait. Let me help you,” he said, getting out of the truck. He came around to the passenger side, opened my door, and held the platter until I got out. “The cookies I ate on the ride here will be our little secret, okay? You don’t want me to get in trouble with my mom, do you?” 
My heart fluttered inside my chest. I figured it must be the heat or the excitement about seeing Jace. I knew my heart didn’t just skip a beat. Not because of Bryce.
“Hey, sorry I didn’t ride over to get you,” Jace said as he flung open the front door. “Dad said I had to finish my yard work.”  
I carried the platter of cookies into the house and asked, “Where can I put these?”
“I can take care of those for you,” Bryce offered as he stepped in behind me.
“I’d better hide these,” Jace laughed. “Bryce is greedy when it comes to anything with chocolate. You’ve got to watch him like a hawk.” He relieved me of the burdensome cookies and started toward the kitchen. “Hey, I’m going to take a quick shower. Sorry, Alisa. Bryce will you get her a drink and take her out to the patio?” 
“Sure, Jace. I don’t mind entertaining your guest.” Bryce walked through the kitchen toward the patio door, motioning for me to follow him. He halted in front of a red cooler and rooted around for a drink. “Pick your poison.”
“Thanks,” I said, selecting a can of soda. I followed Bryce over to a glass-topped patio table. Sitting down as far away from him as I possibly could, I was at a loss for words. Should I try to make conversation, or wait for the rest of his family to rescue me? 
“Mom and Dad should be here in a few minutes. They made a last minute run for supplies. I’m afraid we’re not very organized yet.” Bryce seemed totally relaxed. He had his feet propped up on the chair next to him. I tried not to stare at his long, muscular legs. “So, Jace tells me you’re some kind of genius. You’re the only junior in Senior English?”
“Well, I’m not a genius. Actually, my grades are pretty average,” I stammered. Jace had been talking about me? I wondered what else he’d told Bryce.
Bryce raised his eyebrows. “So, you’re in Senior English for fun?”
“Well, no,” I replied.
“So, you’re smart?” 
“No…I mean…I don’t know.” I glanced away from him. “They just advanced me back in eighth grade, so now I’m out of sync with everyone else…” I was always out of sync with everyone else—my English placement had nothing to do with it.
“Do you hang out with the seniors?” His questions came so rapidly, I didn’t have time to bolster my defenses. I shook my head. 
“So, you hang out with the juniors despite the fact that they’re obviously inferior to you.” 
I shook my head again. 
“Who do you hang out with?”
“No one,” I admitted before I could think. 
“You’re too good for the people around here?” he asked.
“No. I just…” 
“Alisa, you are an enigma.” 
I didn’t know whether or not to be insulted. “What do you mean?” 
“You’re afraid to talk about yourself, but brave enough to face a Hunter.” Bryce smiled widely. “You’re really different from the people in this town. No wonder you have a hard time fitting in.” 
“Excuse me?” I gasped. I was sorely tempted to leap up from my seat and run away, but I was too shocked to move. Apparently, Jace had been talking about me. He must have told Bryce what a total geek I was and how my own cousin wouldn’t even hang out with me. 
“Hey, I didn’t mean anything by it. You said you didn’t hang out with anyone, so I assumed… Sorry.”
“No, it’s fine. You’re right. Actually, I don’t fit in around here. It’s not exactly a secret. If you hang out in Oaktree long enough, you’ll figure that out on your own.” So, maybe Jace didn’t say anything about my bleak social situation, but it was only a matter of time before the whole Alexander family found out on their own. Thanks to Becky, I was a complete misfit, and despite Jace’s acceptance of me and Rachel’s recent kind gestures toward me, my popularity was unlikely to change in any significant way. 
“Look, I said I was sorry. It’s no big deal if you’re lacking in the friendship department. At least you have Jace, right? Hey, if it makes you feel any better, I never had a lot of friends in school, either.”
“I find that hard to believe,” I said, studying his attractive physique. “I bet people fought over you every time they had to pick teams in gym class. And the girls were probably all over you.” I cringed at what I’d said. I should have stapled my lips shut before I left my house. Or, better yet, I should have stayed home. He would totally think I was flirting with him. As if I’d know how.
“You’d be surprised,” he said without acknowledging my slip up. “There were a lot of people who found me difficult to get along with.” He shrugged his shoulders. “Hey, do you want another soda?” He pointed his hand toward the cooler several feet away. “I can get you one without even getting up.” 
I remembered the trick he did with the spinning fork, and shook my head. 
“Your eyes are really blue,” he said leaning toward me. 
What should I say to that? He wasn’t complimenting me. He was just making an observation. I hated him for putting me on the spot. I breathed a sigh of relief when the sliding glass door opened. 
“Hi, sweetie,” Jerica said, stepping onto the back patio. “It’s hot out here. Alisa, do you mind helping me in the kitchen for a few minutes?”
“Sure. I wouldn’t mind a few minutes of air conditioning,” I replied, rising from my seat at the patio table and following Jerica. I wouldn’t mind a few minutes away from Bryce either. That conversation had me feeling more uncomfortable than the heat ever could.
***
As afternoon faded into evening, we sat in patio lounge chairs, too stuffed to move. Jace brought up the idea of tossing a football around or setting up the volleyball net, but everyone was lethargic after all the food we’d consumed over the past couple of hours.
“So, Alisa, how’s school?” Jerica asked. I shrugged. “Junior year is a big year. You have to start thinking about which colleges to apply for and what to major in. Have you given college much thought?” 
No. But I probably should. “I’ll probably major in English or Psychology,” I replied unenthusiastically. 
“Botany is a valuable major,” Jerica said.
“Mom, nobody cares about that stuff,” Jace mumbled. “A bunch of stuffy professors and elderly ladies are the only people I ever see at those conferences you go to.”
“Thanks, Jace. You make me feel so young and vibrant.” Jerica rolled her eyes and laughed. “Hey, isn’t the Homecoming dance coming up soon?”
“Oh, yeah,” Jace said. “That’s like a huge deal at our school, at least for the girls.  That’s all they ever talk about. Hey, Alisa. Who are you going with?”
My face heated when Jerica and Jace turned to look at me. Wonderful. I could sense Bryce listening for my answer too. He already knew the truth about me, and I didn’t see that as a good thing. “Hmm.” I shrugged as if I hadn’t given it a second thought. I already knew who I was going to Homecoming with. Nobody. 
“Hey, we could go together if you want,” Jace said casually. “I’d rather go with a friend than take some girl who’s going to get ideas about us. Girls always take things too seriously. After one date, they’re planning our wedding and naming our imaginary children.”
“Yeah, cool.” I was totally nonchalant, like hot guys asked me out every day. “Sounds like fun.” I blushed, remembering all the times I’d mentally planned our wedding and picked out baby names.    
“I’ll have my driver’s license by then, so maybe I can borrow Dad’s car. I’m taking my driving test next weekend, so wish me luck. Otherwise, we’ll be walking,” Jace said.
I was so excited at the idea of going to Homecoming, I hadn’t hit panic mode yet. That would come later. I mean, it’s not like it would be a real date. It’s not like he was going to be my boyfriend. But it could be the beginning of something, I hoped. I forced myself to stop thinking along those lines. I needed to stay connected with reality and not get my hopes up.
“Does anyone want more food before I put all this away?” Jerica asked, getting up from her lounge chair. We all groaned in response. “Okay. Anyone want to help me take all this into the house?”
“I’ll help,” I said, hoisting myself up. “Just tell me what to grab.”  
With my minimal help, Jerica stored all the food in plastic containers and stacked them neatly in the refrigerator. She handed me a cold bottle of root beer and sat down at the kitchen table. She motioned for me to join her.
“I’m not going back out there yet,” she said with a sigh. “It’s too hot.” She took a long drink from her bottle. “You seem a little quiet. I hope you aren’t still feeling uncomfortable around us.” Jerica smiled reassuringly. “Did you have any questions about what Abe and I told you the other day?”
“Yes, actually, I have a ton of questions, but most of them are stupid. I don’t want you to get in trouble for telling me so much about yourselves.” 
“Don’t worry, Alisa. We told you about ourselves because we believe we can trust you. I have a good feeling about you, and in my family, that means something.”
“Bryce doesn’t trust me,” I said before I could stop myself. 
“Bryce has a hard time trusting people. He’s never had many friends. His heritage means a lot to him, and he finds it very difficult to mix with non-magical people.” Jerica looked troubled. “Abe and I worry about him. Are you sure you don’t have any questions I can answer?
Yes, but I didn’t want to push my luck. Instead, I said, “No. Thanks for everything today.”  
“I’m glad you came. I’ve enjoyed having you.” Jerica stood up from the table. “Let’s head back outside. The boys will start looking for us soon and I’m afraid if they come into the kitchen, it will start the feeding frenzy all over again.”
Mosquitoes were out in full force as soon as the sun set. That was my cue to leave. I said my goodbyes and hopped into Bryce’s truck. I tried to repress a yawn as we pulled out of the driveway. Jace flipped through every channel on the radio, trying to find the perfect song.
“Hey, Bryce? Can you drive me and Alisa into the city next weekend?” Jace asked. It was the first I’d heard of any plans. Wisely, I kept my mouth shut and waited for Bryce to explode. 
“I leave Wednesday.” Bryce stared straight ahead at the road. “I guess I should start packing soon.”
“And you say I’m the procrastinator,” Jace chided his older brother.
“Yeah, well, I’m not looking forward to leaving as much as I did last year. This year’s going to be tough.” Bryce seemed very serious all of a sudden.
“Can I use your truck after I get my license?” Jace asked.
“No. Tell Alisa to get her license. I’d let her drive my truck before I’d let you,” he said. 
It was the first nice thing he’d ever said about me. I thought about his earlier comment—about how my eyes were really blue. That didn’t count as a compliment, though.
As Bryce steered his truck into my driveway, a strange feeling of disappointment weighed my shoulders down. When Jace opened the truck door, I slid over and hopped out. “Bye, Jace. I’ll see you at school,” I said, standing in my driveway, holding my empty cookie platter.
“Nah, I’ll probably see you before then. I’ll call you tomorrow,” Jace said. A shiver went through me. He was calling me tomorrow.
“Bryce,” I said, leaning through the open door. “If I don’t see you before you leave, have a good trip and be safe.”
I pulled my head back out of the truck and straightened up. As I turned toward my house, Bryce called my name and motioned for me to come around to the driver’s side door. I quickly walked around to his open window. 
“It was nice meeting you.” I must have looked doubtful because he said, “I mean that. Take care of my little brother. And take care of yourself.”
“I’ll do that. Bye, Bryce.” I waved goodbye and scurried to my front door. Take care of Jace? I was hoping he would take care of me.
Chapter Eight
Rachel

At school on Monday, I picked up a weird vibe. People kept giving me strange looks, and at first I didn’t know why. Megan approached me after second period with a look of deep compassion on her face.
“Are you okay?” she asked, pulling me aside.
“I’m fine,” I replied. “Why shouldn’t I be okay?”
“Well, I heard about you and Robert.” She lowered her voice to a whisper. “I just wanted to say, I think he’s a jerk for replacing you so fast. You were the best thing that ever happened to him. I don’t trust Autumn and I seriously don’t think they’re going to last.” 
I decided to pretend I knew what she was talking about since I had a pretty good idea what was going on. Apparently, Robert was now my ex-boyfriend, but hadn’t bothered to mention it to me. 
It was lunchtime before I saw Robert. He and the blond sophomore from the party were sitting together at the far end of the cafeteria. It was hard to tell where one ended and the other began, they were so close. 
“Hello,” I said. I had been standing over them for a good five seconds before they noticed I was there. Robert seemed startled. I wasn’t going to make it easy on him, but I also wasn’t going to humiliate myself by making a scene.
I stuck my hand out to the blonde. “Hi, you must be Autumn,” I said in a very controlled voice. “I’m Rachel, Robert’s ex-girlfriend.”
Autumn was too embarrassed to shake my hand, and Robert looked comically uncomfortable. He kept opening and closing his mouth until he resembled one of those singing fish they advertised on television. 
“Um, Rachel,” he finally managed to stammer, “This isn’t, I mean…”
I continued speaking as if Robert hadn’t said anything. I looked him straight in the eyes and said, “Robert and I broke up under mutual agreement and I’m sure we will remain friends.” The smile I offered probably didn’t reach my eyes. “I hope you two will be very happy together.”
I turned and walked away, aware everyone was staring at me. I smiled until my face hurt. After buying a soda from the vending machine, I sat down at an empty table, hoping my brown skin camouflaged the angry blush of rage spreading over my face.
“How can you be so calm?” Megan asked, sitting down across from me.
“It’s been coming on for a while. It was only a matter of time. No big deal,” I said.
“Are you going to skip Homecoming this year?” she asked.
“Nope.” I wouldn’t be the first girl to show up dateless for the Homecoming dance, and I certainly wouldn’t be the last. I’d hold my head up high even if it killed me. “What are you wearing to the dance?” I asked to change the subject. Her eyes lit up in response and she spent the next several minutes describing every intricate detail of her dress and accessories. I nodded occasionally and said “nice” or “wow,” but I had checked out from the beginning.  
I made it through the rest of the day, but it wasn’t easy. All I wanted to do was go home and curl up in bed with a good book. Cheerleading practice was an exercise in agony. We had our practice outside, so we were right next to the football field. Autumn watched Robert from the sidelines while I tried to ignore the football players altogether. Becky found fault in everything I did. During our first routine, she flashed me a nasty, gloating smile and asked why I was having such a hard time concentrating. I apologized, barely resisting the urge to kill her. 
Halfway through practice, I noticed Jace and Alisa walking together through the field behind the school. Pain pierced my chest when I saw him carrying her book bag. Of all the things I had to worry about, why did that bother me so much?
I wasn’t the only one bothered by Jace and Alisa walking together. Becky noticed too, and as she watched them, her face said it all. Her vicious thoughts poured into me and I had to fight back nausea. She would destroy her cousin any way she could, but this time, I wouldn’t stand by and let it happen. This wasn’t middle school anymore and I wasn’t the old, passive Rachel. 
“What’s the matter, Becky?” I asked, breaking into her thoughts. “Having trouble concentrating?” I smiled and stared her down. 
My attention wandered back to Jace once again. A beam of sunlight shot through the cloud cover and illuminated his tall form for a fraction of a second. Although I hated Becky for her willingness to hurt anyone who came between her and the man she desired, I couldn’t help but wonder if I could do the same. Would I be willing to trample over Alisa to get to Jace? I shivered, imagining myself in his arms. Though I might be willing to do almost anything to make that happen, I couldn’t hurt another human being to get what I wanted. At least not deliberately.
***
My extra-sensory abilities hung on and I feared I’d never be the same again. Close contact with people usually resulted in an avalanche of emotions crashing over me. I spend so much time avoiding people, it took me awhile to realize people were also avoiding me. Phone calls went unreturned. Invitations to parties came to a screeching halt. My usual lunch table always seemed to be full when I approached.
When I ran into a group of friends at the mall in Albany, I rushed up to them, eager to join in the fun. It sucked walking the mall alone, and a nice shopping trip with friends was just what I needed. 
“Hey, I didn’t know ya’ll were going to be here today, or I would have tagged along. What are ya’ll up to?” I asked.
“Not much,” Katie said, her voice stilted. She glanced around, looking nervous, as if she expected someone to jump out and catch her doing something she wasn’t supposed to do.
“I haven’t seen you in forever. I tried calling you a few times, Katie. Well, actually I tried calling all of you at least a couple of times.”
“I’ve been busy,” Sydney said.
“Yeah, I’ve been meaning to call you back,” Amber said vaguely. 
“Well, what are you doing this afternoon? Ya’ll going to be here for awhile?”
“We were actually leaving,” Sydney said, her tone harsh.
“Maybe we can see a movie sometime…” I trailed off as one by one, they turned around and began to walk away.
“Maybe,” Katie said over her shoulder as she followed the crowd.
“I’ll call you later, Katie,” I said. She didn’t reply.
Their behavior was beyond odd, but I was pretty sure I knew what was going on. Becky had put the word out. I was banned from the group. I poked a tendril of connection into Katie’s mind for confirmation. Her thoughts poured into me:  If Becky finds out I was sort of nice to her, I’ll be the new Alisa.
The new Alisa. Is that what I was? The new pariah? The new dumping ground for Becky’s misguided hatred? I knew Becky would turn against me when I chose to take a stand, but I didn’t anticipate losing all my friends. I thought I was popular, but I guess I was wrong. Now I had exactly one true friend—Megan. And her family was moving to South Carolina after Thanksgiving. 
My friends—my former friends walked away without a second glance. If they were willing to toss our friendship aside at Becky’s command, I guess we were never friends to begin with. It sucked being the new Alisa.
I went through the rest of the week taking note of how many people were evasive or downright avoided me. There were several. Sure, there were a few people who’d never liked Becky, but they didn’t want to cross her by befriending me. I was shunned by the people who liked Becky and shunned by most of the people who hated her. And I deserved it. When I chose to be friends with Becky all those years ago, I chose to ignore my moral compass, and now I was on a lonely road. 
***
If it wasn’t for all the money my mother spent on my dress, I would’ve skipped the Homecoming Dance. I barely had any friends. I barely had a date. And I was afraid I wouldn’t be able to handle being in close proximity with that many people. I drove myself, so I figured I’d have my picture taken, dance a couple of dances, and leave early.  
I met my last minute pseudo-date, Alex, outside the school. He complimented my appearance and offered me a wrist corsage before leading me inside the decorated gymnasium. Alex was a sophomore who played the saxophone in the marching band. He was either brave or foolish. Or maybe Becky’s influence didn’t quite stretch to the sophomore class. Either way, he seemed like a decent guy and I hoped his reputation wouldn’t be shredded by Becky in retaliation for asking me out.
One by one, couples entered the gym until it was noisy and crowded. I glanced at the door just in time to see the last couple enter. For a moment, I gaped in surprise. Alisa was nearly unrecognizable. Dark brown curls cascaded down her back. Her pale pink dress complemented her petite frame and set off her bright blue eyes. Jace reached out to touch her elbow, and she glanced up at him with a look of longing. He certainly brought out the best in her. Alisa was completely different with him and stood with a confidence I didn’t think was possible for her. 
I left Alex with a group of band members and wandered over to the other side of the gym, drawn against my will to the place where Jace and Alisa stood together, deep in conversation. 
I cleared my throat. “Alisa, your dress is gorgeous.  I love it.”
“Thanks, Rachel. You look amazing.” Alisa seemed a little nervous, but she managed to look me in the eye.
“You both look beautiful.” Really, Jace didn’t have to say anything at all. He could charm your dress off without ever opening his mouth. He watched the few couples who were already out on the dance floor, then said, “I’m going to teach Alisa how to dance.” She punched him playfully and he laughed. “You’d better save me a dance, Rachel.”
You bet I will, I thought, as they walked away. I danced a few times with Alex and some other guys, but all the while my mind was on Jace. As I watched Jace and Alisa together, I couldn’t help but wonder about them and the nature of their relationship. It was obvious from the expression on Alisa’s face that she was head-over-heels in love, but how did Jace feel about her? I couldn’t very well ask him, but thanks to my strange, new extra-sensory talents, I wouldn’t have to. I felt sneaky and conniving for even considering using my psychic curse to pick through his brain while we danced, but I was curious. Okay, not just curious. I was desperate. 
Never in a million years would I have thought I’d feel desperation toward a guy, but Jace wasn’t just any guy. He was different, and until I figured out why I felt so drawn to him, I wouldn’t be able to relax. I had always been a very independent person, and had never suffered the lovesick ailments that had afflicted my friends at one time or another. No, it wasn’t a case of puppy love or a silly crush. This was something different.
I waited impatiently for Jace to remember his promise to dance with me. Each time someone new asked me to dance, resentment washed over me. I didn’t want to be stuck with someone else when Jace eventually approached me. If he approached me. I decided to hang out by the refreshment table and skip the next few dances. 
When Jace caught my eye and moved toward me, I instinctively reached up to touch my necklace, seeking the comfort it usually offered, but remembered I’d left it at home. I hoped I didn’t end up regretting leaving it behind in favor of making a fashion statement. 
Jace’s eyes held mine and I felt uncomfortably anxious. This was probably the first time I’d ever understood what someone meant when they claimed to have butterflies in their stomach. I dragged my eyes away from his and looked down at the ground, trying to compose myself. Suddenly, he was standing in front of me, his hand outstretched.
I hesitated only a fraction of a second before stepping toward him. He grabbed my hand and pulled me to the center of the gym in one quick motion. As a slow song began playing, he pulled me close. The heat from his body radiated, making me feel flushed and breathless. Jace was so tall, the top of my head barely touched his chin, and when I took the liberty of leaning my head against his chest for a brief second, I could feel his heartbeat against my cheek. I wanted to stay there and never, ever leave.
I’ll admit, I read trashy romance novels from time to time. It was my one indulgence and I’d never admitted my questionable choice in reading material to anyone. When the hero and heroine touch or kiss for the first time, there’s always an instant connection or a jolt of electricity, or in the really cheesy stories, a feeling of coming home. If I used any of those tired descriptions to explain what happened between me and Jace, it would have been a gross understatement.  
When I looked up into his eyes, our gazes locked and my breathing stopped. The gym, the music, the laughter, everything was gone in that instant. It was only the two of us and the beating of our hearts. Pressure built inside my mind and pain backed up like a dam until it finally burst forth. For the first time in my life, my head felt light and free. 
An unfamiliar presence filled the space left open when the pain departed. Jace. Unspoken words passed between us on pulsating waves of emotions.
“Rachel.” Jace’s voice reverberated in my mind. 
“I don’t understand what’s happening.” I pushed the thought outward and felt the moment it connected with Jace.
“We’ve been looking for you,” he whispered. 
“I’m here. I’ve been waiting. This is what I’ve been waiting for.”
Jace’s voice moved through me again, a soft caress inside my head. “Release me, Rachel.”
“What?” 
“Release me. Pull back before other people notice. We can’t let others know what we are.” Jace’s thoughts were probing and insistent in my brain.
“What are we?” I asked, but he didn’t answer.
I tried to break away, but I couldn’t sever the connection between us. Suddenly, something jolted us apart. Not an electric jolt of passion like in the romance novels, but a clumsy nudge from a fellow student. The moment between me and Jace had passed.
Jace led me to the bleachers and sat down, motioning for me to sit next to him. His easy smile was gone and his eyes were troubled. He started to speak, but stopped when he saw Alex moving toward us.
“Hey, there you are,” Alex said, sitting down on the other side of me. “Me and some other guys are going out after the dance. You wanna come?”
I glanced over my shoulder to look at Jace, but he was already gone, moving through groups of students toward the other side of the gym. Probably looking for Alisa, I thought. My bizarre line of communication had startled both of us, it seemed. Jace obviously had some power of his own. Instead of getting the answers I desired, I ended up with tons more questions.
Turning my attention back to Alex, I said, “Actually, I’m not feeling well. I think I’ll go home. But thank you for a wonderful time.” 
I couldn’t bear to spend the rest of the evening pretending to be normal. I wasn’t normal. Deep in my soul, I now possessed the knowledge that things would never be the same for me. Everything was different because I was not who I thought I was.
Chapter Nine
Alisa

As I watched Jace dance with Rachel, my whole life fell away. Rachel was the one his family was looking for. The Innocent, the special one, the one who would take my place in their lives. The agony of knowing I would once again be standing in the shadows alone and ignored was beyond anything I could take. I tried to turn away from them, but my pain held me in place. 
The first part of the evening had been like a fairy tale. My mother helped me select my dress weeks before and we paid a small fortune for it. I submitted to her pampering, polishing, and painting, and by the time she was finished with me, I looked like one of the models in the fashion magazines, only happier and less hungry.
By the time we walked into the gym, I didn’t feel like myself at all. Many of my classmates showered me with compliments, and it was the first time I didn’t feel like a complete misfit. For some inexplicable reason, Becky had decided to leave me alone as of late. Her lack of open animosity combined with Jace’s friendship pulled me from the abyss of high school hell. I now skipped along the path toward relative social tolerance. 
Draped across Jace’s arm, I stood taller and possessed a confidence I hadn’t felt since I was six years old and learned to ride a bike on my own. When Jace and I twirled around the stained and scuffed gym floor, it was one of the happiest moments of my life.
Just before my whole world fell apart, Jace spun me around and asked, “So, why haven’t you ever been to one of the Homecoming dances?”
“No one ever asked me. Jace, you know how it is for me,” I said. 
“Yes, but I don’t see why. I can’t believe none of the guys here ever asked you out.”
“Why? Look at me,” I said, whirling away from him.
He reached out and pulled me back toward him. “Alisa, I am looking at you. And I see a beautiful girl.” I blushed and looked away. “Can I ask you something?” The song ended before I could respond.  
When a freshman came up and asked me to dance, Jace disappeared. The kid I danced with was as short as I was. I tried to hide my irritation that he’d distracted Jace before he could ask his question. I craned my neck, searching for Jace in the crowd, but finally gave up and enjoyed dancing with the young boy who kept looking at my chest. Oh, well. At least I felt somewhat desired.
When I spotted Jace with Rachel, my heart thudded painfully. She was breathtakingly beautiful as always. Her ebony hair was piled high, revealing her graceful neck. I felt short, squat, and hideous in comparison. The second Jace pulled her close, I knew he was lost to me.
Standing in a daze on one side of the gym, I watched as Jace left Rachel on the bleachers.  Jace was by my side in an instant. His arm wrapped around my waist and he led me to the entrance into the school. As soon as we were safe within the privacy of the school hallway, Jace released his hold on me. 
“Rachel is the one we’ve been looking for. She’s strong, so much stronger than she should be. It’s dangerous for her,” he insisted.
I stood quietly, watching him. I willed myself not to cry because I was afraid of what his next words might be.
“Something happened between us. She was inside my head and I was inside hers.” Jace seemed to be searching for the right words. “I don’t think I liked it at all. I don’t like the fact that someone can read me like that.”
I sighed, certain there was something more. I could see the connection between them when they danced. I didn’t need magic or a special gift to see it. Was Jace that oblivious, or was he hiding his feelings from me?
“I’ll have to talk to my parents about it, but I don’t want to do it now. I know that sounds irresponsible and selfish, but I just want to have fun tonight. There will be plenty of time later for my parents to give me the third degree,” Jace said. “You wanna leave and go get something to eat?”
“Okay, cool.” Avoidance was my favorite way to deal with unpleasant topics, so I was thrilled to discover Jace was a hardcore procrastinator as well. Like he said, there would be plenty of time to worry about it later.	
After Jace dropped me off at home, my mother brutally forced me to describe in detail everything that happened at the dance. Obviously, I decided to omit mention of the Jace/Rachel incident. I tried to impress upon her the fact that Jace and I were only friends, but she was too busy planning our wedding in her head to actually listen to me. I finally gave up and went to bed.
I fervently prayed things would stay the same between me and Jace. Our friendship was precious to me and I was afraid it would be diluted if Rachel was thrown into the mix. I knew once Jace spoke to his parents about Rachel, they would want to meet her. Would she become part of their lives the way I had?  
Jace was my best friend—my only friend. Ever since the cookout with his family, he called me every day, at least twice. We saw each other after school most days and on weekends. I could talk to him about everything. He knew about my lack of friends, the fact that I had never had a boyfriend, and that I dreamed of one day becoming a writer. He knew my hopes and dreams and encouraged me to go after what I wanted. 
We spent hours talking—at his house, on the phone, or driving around. He told me how hard it was when his oldest brother died, and about his strained relationship with Bryce. He even told me about his fears and self-doubt. Jace was often afraid he wouldn’t qualify for admittance into Warrior Training. 
When I woke up the morning after the Homecoming Dance, I worried our relationship would change irreparably. Would he call me, or would he talk to his parents first and leave me in the dark? All my fears were scattered when my phone rang. 
The first words out of Jace’s mouth were, “Hey, my family is playing tennis in a couple of hours and I need a partner. Can you play?”
I almost fainted with relief. Things were still normal between us. “Yeah, I can come. I’m not doing anything today,” I replied.
“That’s not what I asked. Can you play? Are you any good? I bet my dad a day of yard work that I could beat him in tennis. He said he wouldn’t play without his partner—Mom. That’s because she’s better than him. He knows he can’t beat me alone. So, can you?”
“I’m okay. I haven’t played in a while, but I’m pretty good. My backhand sucks, though.” I was excited. The weather was cool—only in the seventies. I was anxious to get outside, but more importantly, anxious to nurture my close relationship with Jace.
“I’ll pick up the slack,” he offered. “I’ll be there at three to pick you up. Bye.”
After our high-stakes tennis tournament, we headed back to his house for dinner. Jace was flying high on adrenaline. It was his first time beating his parents at tennis, and he was already making complicated workout and training schedules for the two of us. His next goal was to defeat the dreaded Bryce/Jerica combination. 
“We do need to discuss your training schedule, and I’m not talking about tennis,” Jerica said with a frown. “It’s been a while since I’ve seen you in the training room.”
“I know, Mom,” Jace agreed. “I realized after last night that I have some things to work on. I was waiting for the right time to talk to you.”
“What happened?” Abe asked. 
“I’m not inattentive. I swear I honestly never picked up on anything before. But last night at the dance…” Jace paused, thinking. “It was crazy. I danced with Rachel and then… it happened.”
“Tell us everything.” Abe leaned forward and I could tell he was committing everything Jace said to memory.
“I asked Rachel to dance, and as soon as I grabbed a hold of her, she was inside my head.” Jace’s expression clouded over. His parents looked expectant, but worried.
“She began sifting through my brain, searching. I tried to protect my magic, but that’s not what she was after. I think she was just experimenting. She doesn’t even know what I am, or who she is,” he explained. “The connection surprised her. She didn’t realize anyone else had the ability she had.” Jace smiled briefly. “It was a surprise to me too. I didn’t know I had it in me. She had a very strong link. I couldn’t break it on my own. Finally some guy bumped into her and broke her concentration. That’s about it. I didn’t really talk to her after that.”
“What do you mean you didn’t talk to her after that?” Abe asked, narrowing his eyes.
“Well, you know. Her date came over and started talking, so I left her with him,” Jace explained.
“Oh, honey,” Jerica said, shaking her head. “She’s going to need protection now more than ever. You left her alone? And without explaining anything to her?”
“What was I supposed to do? Drag her away and tell her she’s a Spellbringer? She would have thought I was joking or crazy or both,” Jace said defensively. “I mean, you can’t tell someone that and expect them to believe you right away.”
“Well, I’m worried about her,” Jerica said. “She needs our help. We need to invite her over and explain she has a gift. She also needs to be aware she is vulnerable.”  
Abe looked at me and asked, “Alisa, how well do you know Rachel?”
“I’ve known her since kindergarten, but we’re not exactly close,” I admitted.
“We may need your help in getting her over here. It might even help if you are with us when we talk to her. She’s known you longer than Jace, and she might be more likely to believe what we’re saying if she sees a familiar face. Do you mind?” Abe asked.
“I’ll help any way I can,” I offered. I felt like a fraud. The Alexanders probably thought I was so helpful and kind, but in reality, my motives were completely selfish. I wanted to be there, but not just to help them. The idea of being excluded was worse than anything I could imagine. On some level, I felt by being there, I could control what happened and prevent Jace and Rachel from getting too close. Insecurity does horrible things to a person.
I zoned out while the Alexanders continued to talk and make plans. I wallowed in my own worried thoughts. What would happen to Rachel if she didn’t accept her magic? What if she refused protection and training? I didn’t want anything bad to happen to her. What I told Jerica and Abe was true. We weren’t close. She’d never been nice to me until recently, but I didn’t want to see something bad happen to her.
“Hey, do you want to watch a movie before I take you home?” Jace asked while we washed dishes. 
“If we have time,” I replied, glancing at the clock on the wall.
“Why do you always volunteer us for kitchen duty?” he asked.
“Because your mom slaved over a hot stove to feed us. The least we can do is wash the dishes.” I handed him a soapy cup to rinse. “Don’t you know any magic spells to speed this up?”
“Do you really want me to try?” He pointed to a dish and a large crack split it in two. When he raised his arm with his palms facing toward me, I flinched away. I’d seen examples of his erratic use of magic, many of which resulted in moderate destruction.
“Um, I think we should wash the dishes the old-fashioned way. You know, I used to think having magic would be somewhat glamorous, but that was before you set the patio furniture on fire. If your mom wasn’t there to put it out…” I trailed off as Jace splashed me with warm, soapy water. I giggled and tried to duck away from him, but he grabbed my wrist and pulled me close. 
“Knock it off, you two,” Jerica said, coming into the kitchen. I blushed under her close scrutiny. She didn’t seem happy to see Jace standing so close to me, but perhaps it was the huge puddle on the floor that made her frown. Or maybe she saw the broken dish in the trashcan. Whatever the case, I stammered an apology and took a couple of steps away from her son.
On the drive home, I kept thinking about the look on Jerica’s face. Years of sitting on the sidelines watching my peers interact from afar, had left me with an ability to interpret emotions fairly accurately. Jerica didn’t want to see me and Jace together, at least not in a romantic sense.
“Do magical people always marry other magical people?” I blurted before I could help myself.
“No. Well, yes. I think,” he replied. “Actually, I don’t know any Spellbringers who married a human. But I don’t think there’s a law against it. Why?”
I could have kicked myself for asking such a question. I didn’t want Jace to think I’d been scamming on him. After all, he’d never shown any interest in me as anything other than a friend. I tried to formulate a careful response. “I don’t know. Just wondering. If Rachel has magic, she had to have gotten it from somewhere. What if one parent has magic and the other doesn’t? It’s possible, right?”
“Maybe. So, who’s gonna ask her to come over for dinner?” he asked as he turned onto my street. Tires squealed as he took the turn a bit too sharply. The bottom of the car scraped against the bump going up into my driveway. I almost laughed remembering Bryce’s declaration that he’d rather let me drive his truck than to allow Jace to get behind the wheel. The Georgia State driving test apparently wasn’t very difficult if Jace had been given a license. 
“You. It’s your house. You ask,” I said.
“But what if she gets the wrong idea?”
I breathed a sigh of relief. Wrong idea? That must mean he wasn’t interested in her. At least, that’s what I hoped. “That’s a chance you’ll have to take. I’ll see you tomorrow?” I asked, hopping out of the car. 
“Bright and early. Goodnight, Alisa. Sweet dreams,” he said, flashing a crooked smile. 
I knew what I’d be dreaming about that night. I chewed my bottom lip as I thought about the tentative plans for dinner at his house the next day. Hopefully, Rachel would be joining us. Well, the Alexanders were hoping. I was ambivalent.
Chapter Ten
Rachel

I was completely shocked when Jace asked me to come to his house for dinner. Usually, people go out a few times before parents are thrown into the equation. As soon as I knocked on Jace’s door, I realized my mistake. Jace wasn’t asking me out, at least not in a boyfriend/girlfriend way. When Jace opened the door, Alisa was standing behind him. He invited me inside and introduced me to his parents, while I struggled to figure out what was going on.
“Rachel, we’re so glad to have you,” Mrs. Alexander said.
She invited me to have a seat in the living room and offered me a cold drink. When she stepped into the kitchen, I looked around the beautifully decorated room with admiration. I noticed Alisa seemed completely comfortable here. It was obvious she was a frequent visitor. I made awkward small talk with Alisa and Jace while his parents finished making dinner. When they led me into the kitchen, I was still trying to figure out why I’d been invited. Conversation was kept light throughout dinner. Mr. and Mrs. Alexander did not ask the obvious questions about school and the dance, although I suspected they had a hidden agenda. 
Abe, Jace, and I chatted for a few minutes while Jerica and Alisa cleared the table and prepared dessert. I liked Mr. Alexander—Abe. He was intelligent with a great sense of humor. I could see a lot of him in Jace. After meeting Jace’s family and hearing stories about some of their travels, it was hard to imagine them willingly moving to this town. Oaktree was not exactly a bustling hub of culture. 
Mrs. Alexander surprised me by sitting down, looking directly at me, and getting right to the point. “Rachel, I’ll bet you’re curious about why we invited you here for dinner. I’m not one to beat around the bush, and you seem like a pretty straightforward young woman, so I’m just going to put it out there. Jace told me about what happened at the dance.” 
My head began to throb. I shouldn’t have been caught off guard. Part of me suspected this might happen.
“Everyone in our family has special skills of some sort, Jace included. Abe and I try to help people like you who are beginning to tap into their abilities. Without exception, everyone we’ve tried to help has been frightened by their newfound talent. You seem to have a handle on your gift which is rare for someone with a psychic ability so strong, but I suspect you may still benefit from some guidance.”
I could have denied it. I could have stormed out and never spoke to them again. But I took a deep breath and said, “It’s nothing. I don’t think I need any help. A lot of people are intuitive, but I wouldn’t use the word psychic.”
“Rachel, I think we can both agree that mind-reading is more than being intuitive,” Jerica said gently.
“I wouldn’t call it mind-reading. I sometimes pick up on people’s thoughts. No big deal.”
“So, the incident at the dance wasn’t the first time you’d experienced something like this? Can you tell us about the first time it happened?” Jerica asked.
I stammered out a brief explanation, trying to downplay how overwhelming my psychic curse was at first, and how terrified I’d been that I was losing my mind. For the first time in weeks, I didn’t think I was crazy. Jace obviously had psychic abilities and so did his family. As I spoke, relief loosened my tongue and I found myself describing my feelings of being watched, and my increasing awareness of the thoughts and feelings of others. 
All eyes were on me as I relayed my version of the incident at the Homecoming Dance and I found myself beginning to fidget under their close scrutiny. I nervously twisted the chain on my necklace, and when my fingertips touched the pendant, a comforting pulse of energy rushed through me. I took a deep breath, sat up straighter, and lowered my hands back to the table in front of me. Jerica’s eyes settled on my necklace.
“What a beautiful pendant,” she said. “May I see it?” I held it up, but she didn’t lean forward to look more closely. I suspected she meant for me to take it off. Everything in me rebelled at the idea of handing it over, but I’d always been told to respect my elders, so I unfastened the chain. I felt a familiar jolt as my hand brushed against hers, followed by her sense of astonishment.  
“Fluorite,” she murmured. She turned the stone over and peered closely from every angle, even holding it up to the light. Finally, she held the necklace tightly in her fist and closed her eyes. “This necklace is charmed. I’m very curious about its origin.”
“My father gave it to me before he died. He said it had been passed down from generation to generation. He said…” I trailed off, embarrassed. I didn’t want to finish my sentence, but four faces peered at me expectantly, waiting for me to finish. “He said it would keep my migraines away and to wear it always. He died shortly after, and I’ve worn it every day for the past five years. Well, until recently. Actually, the first day I experienced my problem, I’d accidentally left it behind.” It felt weird admitting this to the Alexanders. I’d never told anyone why my father gave me the necklace.
“I’m sorry about your father,” Abe said. I gave a little nod. “Can you tell us a little about your family?” 
“My mother’s family is from around here. I don’t know anything about my father’s relatives. Every time I try to ask my mother about it, she changes the subject. I don’t know if that’s because she doesn’t have the answers, or if it just hurts her too much to talk about him.”
Recently, I’d begun to regret never pressing my father for more information about his family, but I was only eleven when he died and most kids that age don’t think about that sort of thing. I had always been surrounded by my mother’s family, so I’d never felt like anything was missing. Not until recently.
“Rachel,” Abe said, “I don’t want to push, but I’m very interested in the origin of this necklace. I’d like to find out more about your heritage. If you don’t feel comfortable asking your mother, would you object to me trying to find out more on my own?” 
I could tell this was important to him. It was important to me too. Not only because of the necklace, but because I wanted to find out if I had any relatives or distant cousins I’d never met.
“What type of research are you suggesting?” I wasn’t objecting, just curious about the methods. My father led a pretty boring life. There wouldn’t be any dirt to dig up, no skeletons hidden in the closet.
“All I need from you is his full name, date of birth, and the date your parents married. From there, I would check out his birth certificate and those of his parents. It’s all public information. Basically, I’ll put together a family tree and then go from there,” Abe explained. “I’ll keep you posted every step of the way, and if at any point you want me to stop looking, I will. Would you like for me to get started on this?”
I was thrilled at the prospect of having a complete family tree of my paternal ancestors. “Yes, I’d like that.”  
Jerica handed my necklace back to me and said, “Rachel, I think it’s important for you to keep wearing this, at least for the time being. I believe your father gave it to you for protection and to hide your abilities from others. Unfortunately, this type of protection doesn’t last forever—just until the person wearing it is old enough to learn to protect themselves. Would you be willing to let me help you with this?” Jerica asked carefully. “I can help you gain greater control over your gift. I can also help you discover if there are more of these surprises in store for you.”
“What kind of surprises?” I asked. 
“I’m not sure. Magical abilities can manifest without warning. It’s better to be introduced to your newfound powers in a controlled environment.” Jerica glanced at Abe as she said this.
“Magic?” I whispered, “Are you sure that’s what this is? Is that what you have?”
“Magic has been passed down from generation to generation in our family,” Abe explained. “It’s nothing bad or shameful. We’re born this way, just like some people are natural born athletes or musicians.”
“I don’t know,” I said, backpedaling. “I don’t think I have any magic. I’m just extra sensitive to feelings right now. It’s just a phase.” Anxiety constricted my lungs. I looked around the room at these seemingly normal people. “Does Alisa have magic too?” I wondered if that was the thread that tied her to this family.
“No, Rachel,” Alisa said. “I don’t. But I’ve seen enough to believe in it and to know it’s not bad.”
“Can I think this over?” I asked, ready to escape. 
“Of course,” Jerica said, her green eyes holding mine in a penetrating stare. “But I need to warn you. Now that your magic has come to the surface, there are people and other beings who will try to steal it. Wear your necklace always. Never take it off. It’s your only protection right now.”
Fear tore through me, raising goose bumps on my arms. I remembered all the times I’d felt like I was being watched. Now I knew these incidents were not figments of my imagination. 
“Rachel,” Jerica said, leaning toward me. “We can assign a Protector to keep you safe…”
“What? You mean, like, a guard?” I stammered.
“Something like that. It’s the best way to ensure your safety,” she said.
“No. That’s…no,” I said, shaking my head from side to side. I was finished. Done. The conversation was over. I’d never allow someone to follow me around everywhere I went. It didn’t matter anyway, because it was all a big mistake. 
Jerica reached over and grasped my hand. I didn’t know if she was trying to reassure me, or if she was giving me a chance to read her. I allowed her aura to flow through me, her feelings becoming my own. I could feel her concern and fear, her regret at having to frighten me, and her determination to protect me at all costs. Not only was this something she’d done before, protecting others like myself, it was her life calling. In the instant before I released her hand, I caught one word she passed unintentionally. Spellbringer.
Is that what I am? What we are? I’d always known I was different, but thought it was a good thing. I believed what set me apart was my drive and determination to leave this town and achieve my goals, but I was wrong. I was abnormal, an abomination, a freak. Just the word magic set off a series of warning bells inside my brain. Murmuring my appreciation for dinner, I apologized for having to leave so suddenly, and fled. 
***
For the second time this school year, I woke up and considered skipping school. That in itself was an indication my life was falling apart, crumbling away. I felt like I had nothing to hold on to or to keep me together. My mother had always tried to instill a sense of confidence and independence in Jeffrey and me. She told me I was a strong, intelligent young woman. I believed her when she told me I could do anything I wanted. I believed her when she told me I was a good person. Now I wasn’t sure. My family was very religious. Our church believed magic was evil. Did the part of me that had magic make me bad? Evil? 
I crawled out of bed and got ready for school. I was already seated in first period when Jace and Alisa arrived. Thankfully, some students entered right behind them, so Jace didn’t have time to approach me. I could tell he wanted to say something, but I wasn’t ready to talk to him yet. My thoughts kept drifting back to Jace, his family, and how I fit in with them. I couldn’t help but feel my life was now intertwined with theirs.  
As class progressed, I kept sneaking looks at Jace. How could he seem so focused on the mundane activities of school? School had never been further from my mind. Would every day be like this from now on? Waiting for something to happen? As I drove home after school, I could feel another migraine coming on. So much for the magical protection of my necklace. 
When I arrived in first period the next day, Jace was sitting alone. I hesitated in the doorway before stepping inside. 
“She’s sick,” Jace said in response to my unasked question.
“How did you know I was going to ask you about Alisa?” I placed my books on my desk and sat down. 
“You did ask me that,” he said, closing the book in front of him and looking at me.
“No I didn’t,” I argued. 
“Maybe I read your mind,” he said in a lowered voice. I glanced at the classroom door to make sure there was no one to bear witness to our conversation. “Do you want to try it again?”
“No,” I said. “I don’t believe in…that stuff.” 
“That’s too bad. Magic can be fun, you know.” He winked at me and pointed toward the chalkboard. The eraser flew toward him and smacked him in the forehead. He reached up to brush the rectangular patch of white dust from his face. 
“You’re right, Jace. That was fun,” I said, laughing. 
“Okay, so that wasn’t a good example. Remember yesterday when Mr. Kendall couldn’t find his briefcase, so we got out of taking our tests?” he asked. I nodded. “You have me to thank for that. I wonder if he discovered his briefcase in the refrigerator, or if it’s still in there.”
“The refrigerator? With the frogs? But how did you get it in there? He keeps it locked.” 
“Magic can be fun and useful,” he said. I couldn’t help but feel a bit irritated by his admission. After all, I’d been up late studying for that test. 
“Are you supposed to use your magic to play practical jokes?” I asked, lowering my voice. “Isn’t that unethical?” 
“Only if my parents find out.” He chuckled softly, then pulled a sheet of notebook paper from his folder. He scrawled a few quick numbers across the paper and handed it to me. “My mom wanted you to have her phone number just in case.”
“Thanks,” I said reaching out to take it. My hand brushed against his and I felt a familiar jolt. Our eyes collided and my breath came in shallow gasps. I wrenched my gaze away. I tore a sheet from my notebook, wrote down my cell phone number, and passed it to him. “Just in case,” I said. 
I thought about Jace all day. More than I should have. Consequently, I had way more homework than I was accustomed to. After cheerleading practice, I did my chores and went up to my room to study. My phone beeped several times while I finished my homework, but I ignored it. I reached for it as I closed my math book and scrolled unenthusiastically through my text messages. There was a text from Alex asking me to go to a movie on Friday. We had a decent time at the dance, but I didn’t want to lead him on. There would never be anything between us but friendship.
The next message was from a number I didn’t recognize. As I read it, my heart began to beat double-time. Call me. I’d like to see you—Jace. I read the message three more times in case I read it wrong the first time, or in case there was some special hidden meaning I’d missed.
Praying he wasn’t inviting me to another family meeting with Alisa, I dialed the number with shaking hands. He answered after the second ring and his deep voice sent chills through my body.
“Rachel,” he said. 
“Jace.” I planned to make him do the talking. Not because I was playing games, but because my voice trembled along with the rest of my body. I figured the less I said the better.
“Hey, I wanted to go for a ride over to Lakeview later for ice cream. You want to come?” Jace sounded casual. I tried to do the same.
“That’s kind of far. When do you want to leave?” I wanted to ask if anyone else was going, namely Alisa.
“Anytime. The sooner the better. What do you say?” 
“My car or yours?” I supposed I’d find out soon enough if Alisa was coming.
“Mine.”
“Hold on.” I tossed the phone on the bed and flew to the top of the landing, almost falling down the stairs. Breathlessly, I asked my mom if I could go out. I didn’t start breathing again until permission was granted. Dashing back up the stairs, I grabbed my phone.
“I have to be back by nine,” I gasped.
“I’ll pick you up in a few.” 
I hung up the phone and sprinted to the dresser mirror. My hair and makeup definitely needed some work, and my clothes were rumpled from lying on the bed. I raced around the room, trying to put together an outfit that was cute, but casual. A car door slammed outside just as I was applying a final coat of mascara. I forced myself to take a few deep, calming breaths before grabbing my purse and walking slowly down the stairs.
My mother opened the door and invited Jace inside just as I reached the foyer. I was relieved to see he was alone. My stomach knotted with anxiety as I waited to see how he interacted with her.
“Hello, Mrs. Stevens. I’m Jace Alexander,” he said in a clear, confident voice while looking my mother directly in the eye. She would appreciate the fact that he came to the door and introduced himself. “It’s nice to meet you.”
“Well, come on in, Jace,” she said, stepping aside to allow him entry. “Have a seat in the living room so we can talk a minute.”
“Thank you, ma’am.” He followed her inside. Good. It would be the kiss of death to any potential friendship if he tried to rush me out the door. His eyes fell upon me and he smiled.
Jace endured my mother’s interrogation for a solid fifteen minutes. If he was anxious to leave, he never let it show. I could tell she was impressed by his obvious intelligence and good breeding. He answered every question she asked and never resorted to one word answers or the uncomfortable mumbling which was the calling-card of many teenage boys.  
Once we escaped her intrusive clutches, he walked me to his car and opened the door for me like a gentleman. If he immediately started in on a lecture about magic or learning to control my powers, I would be so disappointed I would die. 
He didn’t bring it up once. The twenty minute drive was a blur. I was so absorbed in our conversation, I felt slightly disoriented when Jace pulled the car into the parking lot of the ice cream shop and turned off the ignition.  
We sat outside on a picnic bench long after our sundaes were consumed, long after the sun set. A light buzz of energy connected us and it felt pleasant, comfortable.  
“I have a confession,” he said. “I was supposed to talk to you about training and magic, but I got distracted.”
My heart plummeted. I knew it. It was a ploy to lecture me about harnessing my supposed psychic abilities. “Distracted by what?” I asked.
“You. Us. Whatever it is that’s happening between us,” he said. “When can I see you again?” 
I pulled my gaze from his, feeling a sense of overwhelming loss. If he was asking me to go out with him, I couldn’t do it. It wasn’t right. He’d been seeing Alisa, and I wouldn’t be the cause of their breakup.
“We see each other at school every day,” I replied evasively. “So, I guess you can see me in first period.”
“That isn’t what I meant. I want to see you. You know, as more than a friend. Did I misread you? If I did, I’m sorry.”
“No. I mean, yes,” I stammered. “What about Alisa?”
“She’s my best friend.”
“I thought she was more than that. I thought that’s why you took her to the dance.”
“It’s complicated.” He let out a sigh. “When I asked her out, it was as friends. Alisa is special. But the way I feel about you is different. I think you know why.”
Because of the connection we shared? The freaky mind reading? Or was there more?
“I like you, Jace, but I just got out of a relationship. I’m not ready to date, but I do want to hang out with you again. Can we be friends?”
“Of course.” 
Like a true gentleman, Jace tried to hide his disappointment, and that hurt me more than anything. I longed for Jace with an intensity I never felt with Robert. It was torture to rein in my feelings, to deny myself the one thing I wanted more than anything. But I couldn’t hurt Alisa. Since Jace moved to town, she seemed so happy. How could I take that away? I couldn’t. Wouldn’t. After everything Alisa had been through—everything I stood by and allowed to happen—I wouldn’t steal away the one person who gave her joy. 
We walked to the car in silence. The ride back to Oaktree was uncomfortable. A feeling of emptiness descended upon me as he pulled the car into my driveway. I wondered if I’d made the biggest mistake of my life. 
“I’ll see you at school tomorrow,” Jace said as he walked me to the door. I could only nod, afraid if I opened my mouth to speak I’d say something I’d regret. 
That night when I cried myself to sleep, it was little consolation that Alisa’s relationship with Jace remained unchanged. My heart was broken.
***
I avoided Jace and Alisa as much as I could, sometimes taking the long way to class to keep from having to walk past their lockers. They always spoke to me when we had class together, and I honestly didn’t want to be rude, but it was painful to have to deal with them. Alisa’s love for Jace broke my heart because I knew he didn’t feel the same. Jace’s desire to be with me was torture because I knew it could never happen. 
I longed for simplicity, for the days before Jace came to Oaktree, when my life was vapid and predictable and fake. I missed my friends, gossip, and frivolous fun. Becky represented all those things, and part of me missed her. When she approached me after cheerleading practice, I decided it wouldn’t hurt to see if we could set aside our differences. Maybe we’d never be friends again, but we could at least be cordial. 
“Hey, Rachel.”
“Hey, Becky.”
“I’ve been meaning to tell you, you looked so gorgeous at Homecoming. Your dress was stunning,” she said.
“Thanks, Becky.” God forgive me, I couldn’t compliment her dress. The hemline was so short, it was practically immoral, and the amount of cleavage she displayed made me blush. My mother always said if you don’t have anything nice to say, don’t say anything at all. “Your hair was beautiful—the prettiest I’ve ever seen.” Okay, at least that was the truth. Her updo with the miniature roses and strands of pearls was a work of art. 
“Ah, thanks. You’re too sweet.” She flashed a bright, white, perfect smile. “Girl, I miss you.”
“I miss you too,” I admitted before I could help myself. I did miss Becky. For all her faults, we’d had some good times together. Becky could be cruel and cunning and conniving, but no one was perfect. And I was lonely and bored.
“We should hang out this weekend. Just like old times. What do you think?”
“I’d really like that,” I said. 
“We can go shopping.” 
Becky could be a pill, but she sure could shop. I missed our shopping sessions. 
“Oh, and get some coffee at the mall.”
Becky and I were the only girls in our group who loved coffee. The other girls liked soda and sweet tea. Becky and I loved cappuccinos and lattes. 
“We can talk about boys…Jace.”
“I don’t want to talk about Jace,” I said. 
“Why not? He was easily the hottest guy at the dance. I saw you two together.” She winked. “He likes you. Really likes you. You should hook up with him.”
“Nah. I mean, yes he’s cute. But I’m not really looking for a relationship right now.” Ugh, what a lie. I craved Jace so badly, I couldn’t breathe.
“You and Robert have been broken up forever. Time to move on. And Jace is so much cuter than Robert.” 
“But still…”
“Come on, Rachel. You two looked perfect together. There was so much chemistry between you.”
Oh, my God. If Becky could see what Jace and I had together, why fight it? I liked Jace. He liked me. Why shouldn’t we be together?
Becky continued, “You owe it to yourself to go out with him at least once, just to see where it leads.”
Right. She was absolutely right.
“He could do so much better than Alisa. He’s making a damned fool out of himself by traipsing around with her. You need to get him away from her. Consider it a public service.”
Right. No. Not right. How could I even consider it? Alisa was in love with Jace. I couldn’t be the person to take him away from her. I wouldn’t do it. 
“You know what I heard?” Becky asked in a conspiratorial tone. 
Oh, I wanted so badly to ask. Even if what Becky was saying wasn’t remotely true, I wanted to sink into the comfort of a good old-fashioned gossip session. I wanted to squeal with delight over the outrageousness of whatever Becky had to say. I wanted to verbally bash the girl who unknowingly kept me and Jace apart. It was so tempting. So. Very. Tempting.
“I heard…”
I cut her off. “You didn’t hear anything. You’re making stuff up like you always do.”
“Rachel…”
“Look. I miss you. I’d love to hang out with you. But I also meant what I said when I told you to leave Alisa alone. If we’re going to hang out, we need to find something else to do besides bash on your cousin.”
“You’ve changed,” Becky said. Her voice was no longer laced with sweet, southern hospitality and the promise of coffee. She sounded harsh—the same way she always sounded when she didn’t get her way.
“Yeah, I guess I have.”
“You’re seriously choosing my charity-case cousin over your best friend? Awesome.”
“I’m not choosing Alisa. It’s not like I’m hanging out with her. I just think you’ve gone far enough. You don’t have to be nice to her, but at least leave her in peace.”
“Oh, I will. You’re blackmailing me,” she said, referring to the pictures in my cell phone. “Oh, yes. You come across as a sweet little cheerleading, church-going southern girl, but deep inside, you’re just like me.”
“I don’t think so.” But I wasn’t so sure. Was I just like Becky? I had been her enabler for years, encouraging her, listening to her gossip, shunning anyone she didn’t like. Maybe she was right. I was a blackmailer and a bully just like her.
“Guess we won’t be taking our little shopping trip after all,” Becky said casually. “Too bad. Maybe you can go to church instead. Or do some volunteer work. Or walk an old lady across the street. After all, you’re such a good person. On the surface.”
Becky walked away, leaving me feeling worse than I ever had. I couldn’t have Jace. I couldn’t be friends with Becky. And I was a horrible person. Things couldn’t get worse.
***
After three weeks of denying my feelings for Jace, avoiding situations where the two of us might be alone, and pretending I was happy he and Alisa were closer than ever, I finally convinced myself I’d made the right decision. When my phone rang early one Saturday morning, I answered it without looking at the caller ID. Jace’s voice set me back to the beginning—those sleepless nights after our almost-date where I had to sit on my hands to keep from texting him and telling him I changed my mind.
“I can’t do this,” he said.
“Do what?”
“I tried.”
“Jace, what are you talking about?”
“I see you every day and it’s killing me that I can’t tell you how I feel. You won’t let me…”
“Jace, let’s not do this…”
“No, let me talk. You’ve been avoiding me for three weeks. Let me say this without interruption,” he said when I started to speak. “I think I’m in love with you. I know I am. If you don’t feel the same way, I understand. But if you’re holding back because of Alisa, it isn’t fair to either of us.”
Tears welled up in my eyes and overflowed. “Jace,” I said, choking on a sob. “We can’t. I won’t.”
“Why?”
“I’m a horrible person, Jace. Horrible. I don’t deserve you and Alisa doesn’t deserve to have her heart broken.”
“Why do you think you’re a horrible person?”
“Because I was friends with Becky. I’ve done horrible things. I’ve helped Becky do horrible things.”
“Rachel, I’ve been inside your head. You are not a horrible person. You’re a beautiful person inside and out.”
“Did you know I’m blackmailing Becky?”
“Really?” he laughed. “Well done.”
“No, it’s not well done. It’s evil. And I’m not going to compound my evil by doing more evil.”
“Rachel, falling in love isn’t evil. Ignoring our feelings isn’t going to make me love Alisa. I know you don’t want to hurt her. Neither do I. I care for her. I love her as a friend. I’d kill anyone who messed with her. But I’ll never love her the way she deserves. I just don’t love her the way I love you.”
Love. That was the magic word that broke through my self-imposed restraints. The word that forced me to give up my martyrdom and take up the banner of the wanton man-stealer. The word that changed everything.
 “I won’t go out with you until you talk to her,” I said. “If we’re going to do this, we have to be honest and upfront. You owe her that. We both owe her that.”
“I’ll talk to her later. Right now, I have to see you. When can I see you?” He sounded as desperate as I felt.
“Let me finish my chores and ask my mother if I can leave. Can you wait a couple of hours?”
“Do I have a choice?” he asked. I was relieved he didn’t complain about the fact that I had to ask permission before leaving my house.
“I’ll hurry.”
My hands shook while I finished my chores. By the time Jace picked me up, I was a bundle of nerves. My mother had stepped out to run an errand, so we didn’t have to endure the ritual of small-talk with her. The moment Jace took my hand in his, my anxiety faded away. Words of love drifted over our connection and I knew we’d made the right decision. We couldn’t be apart. Our love was inevitable. Destiny.
Chapter Eleven
Alisa

Jace and I needed to have a serious talk. I’d put it off long enough. It was time to talk about Rachel. I knew something was going on between them. It wasn’t that he spent a lot less time with me, but when we did spend time together, I felt like he wanted to be somewhere else. Or with someone else.
Maybe I didn’t possess a shred of magic, but I wasn’t a complete moron. I saw the way they looked at each other in class and the way Jace’s gaze followed Rachel every time they passed in the hallway. Their connection was so solid, so strong, even I could sense it. How could Jace think I wouldn’t notice?
Maybe he was a coward. Many teenage boys are. They don’t know how to gently break a girl’s heart. Perhaps Jace suspected I had feelings for him that were beyond friendship and he didn’t know how to tell me he could never return those feelings.
Every thought, every dream, every fantasy revolved around Jace. Each night, I drifted off to sleep with a picture of his face in my mind. In my favorite fantasy, he would finally discover he had loved me all along. In my vague and disconnected dreams, Jace and I walked together, but I was always a step behind. I could never quite catch up, never quite touch him. It was always another who would reach for me, but his face was hidden in the fog.
With the holidays fast approaching, all I wanted for Christmas was to know Jace would always be there for me. Our friendship was important to me, and if that was all he could offer, I would accept it as long as he would still be a part of my life. It wasn’t just Jace I was worried about losing, it was his family. Abe and Jerica meant more to me than I could have ever anticipated. I couldn’t imagine not being part of their lives.
Whatever the case, it was time to clear the air before our friendship was destroyed. My anger toward Jace was beginning to manifest in my increased competitiveness in tennis and my waspish comments every time we spoke. Our sparring sessions with Abe gave me a much needed outlet for my anger. I almost looked forward to these training sessions, but not quite.
The training sessions had been going on for a few weeks, and started shortly after the Homecoming Dance.
“You’re part of our family now,” Jerica said. “You’re like a daughter to me. I just want to know you’re safe. I think you should begin training.”
“Why?” I asked, my heart pounding in my chest. For a brief moment, I felt a spark of hope that she might have sensed some latent magic inside me waiting to be revealed. I wanted to be special, to have a link to this family that was indisputable. “What type of training?” 
“Abe teaches Jace a type of mixed martial arts. It’s more intense and athletic than anything you would find in a Tae Kwon Do studio. For example, the emphasis is on disabling and killing your opponent using anything you can find, including weapons, magic, or your bare hands.” Jerica must have seen a shadow pass over my expression when she mentioned the words intense and athletic. She smiled. “Come on, Alisa. I’ve seen you play tennis. You’re fast and you’re strong. I think you’d be good at this.” 
“Tennis is different,” I said. “It’s fun. I don’t see the point in exercising just for the sake of exercise. My mom’s always trying to get me to jog or run, but I told her I’m not running unless a rabid dog is chasing me.”
She let out a brief chuckle before her expression turned serious. “There are worse things than rabid dogs. Remember that Hunter?”
I nodded my head and shuddered.
“Abe and I both agree you need to do this. It’s for your own protection. Besides, there may be a time when you’re called upon to save someone else. You’ve already saved Jace’s life once. Don’t you want to know you have all the skills necessary to jump to someone’s defense in the future?”
That was the clincher. If there was a chance, however slim, that I could help anyone in the Alexander family now or in the future, then I would do whatever I had to do. Even if it involved movement or exercise. “Okay, Jerica,” I agreed. “Just tell me when to start.”
Jerica’s hug made it worth it. At least that’s what I believed at the time. When it came to the actual training, nothing could have prepared me. It was absolutely brutal. Abe came across as an easy going, joke cracking, black socks with sandals wearing, middle-aged dad, but when I followed him into his basement training studio, he was no-nonsense, kick-butt serious. I was ready to collapse and die after an hour. No wonder Jace put off training as long as he could. I almost felt bad for thinking he was a lazy procrastinator.
***
Jace and I were supposed to hang out together while his parents braved the mall on Black Friday—the day after Thanksgiving when all the shoppers would be out in full force. Jace was a closet nerd, unlike me, who wore my geekdom with pride. We were going to veg out in his family room in front of the big screen TV and watch the Lord of the Rings trilogy. 
I figured I would find a way to bring up the subject of Rachel at some point during the day, but I didn’t know how. I didn’t want to ruin the day by bringing it up at the very beginning, but I couldn’t enjoy the movies with the subject hanging over my head. As it turned out, Jace must have been thinking along the same lines as me, because he saved me the agony of bringing up the topic.
“Alisa, we need to talk.” He motioned for me to have a seat in my favorite recliner, and settled down in the chair next to mine. “I don’t want to ruin our day, but if we don’t talk about this, it’s going to drive me crazy.” Jace took a deep breath. “Rachel and I have been seeing each other for a few weeks.”   
“I already know that,” I said in a clipped voice.
“You do?” Jace asked, looking confused. “How?”
“I may be stupid, Jace, but I’m not dumb,” I said, my anger flowing freely now.
“That doesn’t make any sense.” He flashed his crooked, charming smile, the smile I used to drool over. But this time, I was too angry to be charmed. 
“Well, what does make sense, Jace?” I choked back tears. “Does it make sense to try to hide your girlfriend from your best friend? You know, in a town this small, there’s not a lot that goes unnoticed. Maybe you thought you were being smooth and subtle, but you’re pretty obvious.”
“What do you mean?” 
“I’ve seen you with her. The whole school has seen you with her. Everybody is whispering about it. Are you that oblivious?” I yelled. Jace seemed shocked by my outburst, but looked a little angry too. A good old-fashioned screaming match was imminent.
“You’re my best friend, Alisa, not my mother.” Jace matched my angry, self-righteous tone. “I have a right to see anyone I want without asking you or the rest of the town for permission. Did it ever occur to you that maybe Rachel and I wanted to sort out our feelings in private? That we might not want to make a public announcement to the world?” 
I was fuming now, and embarrassed for feeling that way. “You can do whatever you want, Jace. It’s not like I would have stopped you, but I thought I was your best friend. I’ve told you everything about myself. Why couldn’t you have told me this?”
“I’m sorry. I just needed some time.” He lowered his voice and took a deep breath. “I didn’t tell you about Rachel because I wasn’t sure how you’d react. I didn’t really get the impression that you liked her and I wasn’t ready to ruin our friendship over something that might not last.”
Might not last? For a second, my hopes soared, but only for a second. Even though Jace was looking away from me, I could still see the way his face lit up when he said Rachel’s name. Of course their relationship would last. My heart ached in a way no words could describe. Everything I feared had come to pass. I couldn’t pretend anymore, couldn’t tell myself it was just a passing infatuation. He was in love with her. I’d lost. 
“Alisa,” Jace said, looking at me again. The willpower it took to hold back my tears was more exhausting than any training session Abe could dream up. “You’re my best friend and that will never change. I would never let anything or anyone come between us. Please get to know Rachel. She’s a good person. My relationship with her doesn’t have to change our friendship.” 
I loved him too much to let him down. I didn’t want to break his heart the way he’d shattered mine. “You’re right, Jace.” I tried to control my quivering voice. The lies were flowing like a rain-swollen creek. “I’m sorry I got so upset. I don’t want to lose our friendship. I want you to be happy, but I don’t want to see you get hurt.”
He stood up and pulled me out of the recliner and into a bear hug. “You’ll see. We’ll be like the Three Musketeers.” 
I smiled, remembering the Three Musketeers carried swords. Maybe Rachel would find herself on the wrong end of one. No, I needed to be nice. Best friends didn’t kill the other’s girlfriend.
Jace and I finally settled down to watch our movie marathon, but the day was ruined for me. I was grateful for the semi-darkness of the family room and for Jace’s absorption in the movie, certain my thoughts and feelings were written all over my face. 
Rachel was everything I wasn’t and could never be. She was intelligent and beautiful, but most importantly, she was a Spellbringer. I wondered if Jerica would be pleased to accept her into the family. After all, she was one of them. And I was the girl destined to remain on the sidelines of my own life. 
***
The first time Rachel, Jace, and I hung out together was the worst. It got easier each time, but not much. Knowing there were many times they were there without me didn’t help. They held hands constantly and it was obvious they communicated without words.  
I hated the way Jerica looked at me now. I could read the sympathy and compassion on her face and it made me feel even more pathetic. If Jerica knew how I felt about her son, then surely everyone must know. I hated the jealousy I felt each time I looked at Rachel and Jace, and I hated the fact that everyone knew how envious I was. Too bad Abe’s training sessions didn’t include lessons on masking emotions. 
On the rainy, chilly Saturday before Christmas, the three of us were hanging out in Abe’s training studio. Rachel, still ambivalent about training, watched as Jace and I sparred. Jace was clearly distracted by Rachel’s presence, and I’d managed to split his lip and bruise his cheekbone during the half hour we’d been practicing. The more he glanced over at Rachel, the more competitive I became.
I was so intent on taking Jace down, I didn’t notice the footsteps coming down the stairs. Jace turned his head to look at the staircase just as I planted my foot in his stomach. The wind knocked out of him, he fell on his backside, grunting. 
Deep laughter diverted my attention. “That’s my little brother getting his butt kicked by a girl.” My gaze settled on Bryce’s mocking grin. He was still laughing at Jace, but a strange look flickered across his face when he glanced at me. 
“Mikael, this is Alisa. She’s a friend of the family.” Bryce introduced me to a tall, blond, attractive man who looked like he was in his early twenties. I barely had a chance to nod before they turned toward Rachel.
“This must be Jace’s new girlfriend.” Bryce reached his hand out to shake hers. “I’m Bryce. This is my training partner, Mikael.” 
I hated Bryce for labeling Rachel as Jace’s girlfriend and for seeming to accept her so easily. I wondered if I could kick him in the stomach, or if that would be construed as an act of hostility. 
Smiling at the thought of wiping the floor with Bryce’s face, I realized too late that the attractive stranger must have believed I was beaming at him. My face reddened when he winked at me. I mumbled something about helping Jerica in the kitchen and made a hasty retreat upstairs.
“Hi, Alisa.” Jerica smiled as I entered the kitchen. “Did you beat the mess out of my son?” 
“Yes, I thought I’d help you out in here while he recuperates.” I quickly washed and dried my hands. No need to get Jace’s blood in the supper. “What can I do to help?”
“I’ve got it under control, I think,” Jerica said. “But if you want to help me make a salad, that would be nice. You’re staying for dinner aren’t you?”
“Um, I guess.” I didn’t do well with new people, and Bryce’s friend made me nervous. So did Bryce. Jerica and I worked side by side until we heard a ruckus coming our way.
“I wish Jace had half the focus and intensity Alisa has,” Abe said as he entered the kitchen, Bryce and Mikael in tow. “This is the third time she’s bested him this month. The boy needs to get his head out of the clouds.”
“I think I know where his head is,” Bryce said.
“All right, boys,” Jerica scolded. “Be nice. Bryce, don’t talk about your brother in front of his friend and our guest. Abraham, you know better.” She waved her knife at him to make her point.
“Yes ma’am.” Bryce flashed a wicked grin at his father. 
I noticed he had the same crooked smile that endeared me to his younger brother. Funny, the same smile didn’t have the same effect coming from Bryce.  
The kitchen suddenly seemed very crowded and I felt self conscious to the extreme. Jerica offered drinks to the three intruders and invited them to sit down at the table. “Mikael, we’re so glad to have you for the holidays.”
“I’m honored to be here. Thank you so much for inviting me to your home.”
“How are your parents? I haven’t seen them in years,” Jerica said. “Are they still in France?”
“They’re currently in Italy,” Mikael replied, “but with Father’s new position, I believe they’ll be moving to Norway soon.”
I adored his accent. What was it about foreign accents that made a man so appealing? I dared to glance up at him, and met his gorgeous blue eyes. I blushed and looked away, my gaze landing on Bryce. He looked at me speculatively. 
Dinner that evening was unnerving. It seemed like everyone was communicating on a different wavelength. Even Rachel seemed subdued. She and Jace carried on a conversation consisting of brief hand touches and deep, searching gazes. They would nod almost imperceptibly as they came to an agreement on various matters of silent discussion or debate.
I also noticed the same sort of interaction between Abe and Jerica, although their silent communication was based on years of marriage rather than a psychic connection, I believed. I intercepted numerous meaningful looks and eye twitches. Bryce was quiet and watchful. There were several times I noticed him observing the interplay between Rachel and Jace. A few times, I caught him watching me. Oh great. Bryce probably knows about my crush on Jace. He must think I’m a total joke. 
Bryce’s guest talked about anything and everything with only occasional prompting from Jerica and Abe. He was oblivious to the silent communication flying around the room and seemed unaware of the fact that he was pretty much the only one talking. He continued his constant stream of dialogue through dinner and into dessert. It was by far the weirdest meal I’d ever been a part of, and that said a lot considering I regularly dined with a family of Spellbringers.
When Abe, Rachel, and the boys drifted off to the living room, I gladly stayed behind to help Jerica clean the kitchen while she finished up some baking. I was relieved to be left alone with my own thoughts. Jerica was silent as she measured and mixed ingredients, which was unusual for her. At last she turned to me and spoke.
“Be patient with my son, Alisa.” Her expression was unreadable. “He can be difficult, but he’s worth it.”
I was floored. What was she trying to tell me? I had a feeling that sometimes Jerica was able to see into the future, that her intuition was more than it seemed. Did she see that Jace and I would eventually end up together? It didn’t make sense. I’d been under the impression she didn’t want to see me and Jace together—not in that way. 
“What do you…?” I started to ask.
Jerica cut me off with a wave of her hand. “Honey, I’ve already said too much. I’m not going to be one of those interfering mothers. Just remember what I said, exactly as I said it. Don’t read anything into it because it may not mean what you think.” 
What? Who? Jerica had completely and totally confused me. Since when was she so cryptic? I could tell she wanted to say more, but held back.  
With my thoughts in a jumble, I followed Jerica out to the living room. I remembered her plea to remain patient as my gaze fell on Rachel and Jace seated together on the sofa, lost in a world of their own. Irritation bubbled up to the surface as I watched them. I tried to conjure up the spirit of Christmas, but was unsuccessful. The only thing I managed to conjure was the strong desire to drag Jace to the basement and beat him senseless. Abe could call it training. I called it anger management.
Bryce interrupted my bloodthirsty fantasies. “So, Alisa. Dad tells me you and Jace actually beat him and my mom in tennis. Tell me it isn’t true.” He pulled his face into an expression of fake devastation.
“It is true. And you’re next,” I said. “We’ve been training for weeks. It’ll be a total annihilation.” 
Bryce laughed. “What can I do to convince you to join my team? You’ve already proven yourself superior in the sparring ring. Abandon him and together we can rule the tennis court.”
I spared a quick glance at Jace. He was so wrapped up in Rachel, he didn’t notice the lighthearted bantering between his brother and me, or Bryce’s attempt to steal his tennis partner. “Your offer tempts me, I must admit. But what sort of tennis player abandons her partner?”
“A tennis player who wants to win,” Bryce replied. “I wonder, though, if you could beat me downstairs. No magic, of course.”
My cheeks burned with humiliation. It irked me to be reminded I was not truly an equal in this house. I was the only person here who did not possess magic and I silently cursed Bryce for pointing it out. For some reason, I was embarrassed that my lack of special ability was pointed out so blatantly in front of Mikael. A look of confusion passed across his face.
“She’s not one of us,” Bryce said in response to Mikael’s unasked question. Jerica gasped. Before she or Abe could reprimand their son, I spoke up.
Anger ripped through me and it was because of this completely irrational emotion that I agreed to do what I was about to do. “I don’t know, Bryce. You may need that magic after all. Let’s go.” I started toward the stairs with Bryce on my heels.
“Stop right there,” Jerica called out. “We do not use the training room to settle disputes in this house.”
“Your mother’s right.” Abe didn’t look as if he agreed at all. He was geared up for some competition. “We’ll just go downstairs and run a few drills to work off all that energy.” A timer sounded and Jerica disappeared into the kitchen. “Don’t let your mother find out,” Abe said softly.
I headed for the stairs again. Bryce placed his hand on my shoulder. “I didn’t mean it to come out like that,” he whispered. “I was just messing with you. We don’t need to do this.”
“You meant it, and yes we do,” I hissed back. I started down the stairs. Bryce had no choice but to follow. Jace, Rachel, and Mikael followed out of curiosity and a thirst for violence.
“It’s getting pretty late, kids,” Abe announced, descending the staircase right behind us. Clearly he was having second thoughts. I imagined Jerica could be pretty scary when crossed. “Maybe we should postpone this. We can do it some other time.”
“Don’t worry. This shouldn’t take long.” My confidence sounded false even to my own ears. I removed my sweatshirt and stood before Bryce in a tank top and leggings. I kicked my shoes into the corner. Reading the expression on his face, I hissed, “Don’t you dare try to take it easy on me.”
“Wouldn’t dream of it,” Bryce said. “When I play, I play to win.”
We faced each other across the lightly padded mat in the middle of the concrete basement floor. Circling slowly, we didn’t take our eyes off each other. I allowed the anger and rage to flow through me, to burn in my veins. Anger at the way I’d been treated my entire life—by my family, my classmates, Becky, Rachel, everyone. Anger at Jace and his rejection. Anger toward Bryce for his unyielding refusal to accept me as an equal. All my life, I’d felt as if I wasn’t good enough. Well, no more. My anger had been growing over the last few weeks, maybe longer. It was time to harness that rage and use it as fuel. 
Bryce looked deadly with his strong, athletic build and formidable height. I remembered he was a Warrior-in-training and almost lost my resolve. Then I remembered he was also a jerk and decided to make the first move. 
Crouching low the way Abe taught me, I used my short stature to my advantage. I used my favorite move, my secret weapon, hoping to catch Bryce off guard. I decided to use his ignorance of my abilities to my advantage and launched into a crouching roll, aiming for his ankles. I quickly knocked him off balance and he fell on his backside. 
He sprang to his feet with unnatural speed, facing me once again. I briefly wondered whether or not he used a little magic, but decided it didn’t matter. If I didn’t make another decent maneuver the rest of the night, the look of surprise on his face when he fell was enough to make me happy for the rest of my life.
Bryce smiled at me, nodding once to acknowledge the fact that I’d bested him. He darted forward and I ducked, remembering to keep low. I managed to dig my elbow into his stomach and was rewarded by his quick intake of breath. Score another point to me. 
The battle quickly went downhill from there. Bryce was faster, stronger, and had the advantage of professional training, not to mention magic. Before I knew it, I was lying on the mat flat on my back with Bryce straddling me, his forearm on my throat. He’d managed to disable me without hurting me at all. He hovered over me and I could feel his breath in my ear.
Leaning close, he said softly, “Well done, Alisa.” He stood quickly and reached down to help me to my feet. 
To my extreme embarrassment, Bryce pulled me into a hug and announced loudly, “Well done, my worthy opponent. Jace, I can see why she beat you.” Releasing me, he turned his attention to his brother.  
Looking around the room, I could see the glow of pride on Abe’s face, the look of shame on Jace, and the look of amazement on Rachel. 
Mikael came up behind me and put his arm around my shoulders. “I am next, no?” 
“No.” Bryce protectively steered me away from his friend and snapped out a quick reprimand in French. “As victor in this battle, I shall claim my prize, and it is this: the right to Alisa as my tennis partner for the duration of my stay.”
“No, no, no. Absolutely not,” Jace said. “We’ve been training forever. She’s mine.” 
I glanced in Jace’s direction, noticing that Rachel didn’t seem very pleased by the two brothers fighting over me. I sighed. Alas, Jace and Bryce only wanted me for my tennis skills. Men never fought over me for the right reasons.
“Break it up, guys,” Jerica shouted from the top of the stairs. “It’s getting late. Jace, you need to drive Rachel and Alisa home. You guys can continue your smack down tomorrow. Abe, I really need to see you in the kitchen. Now.” 
“Oh, Dad’s in trouble.” Jace laughed.
“I drove myself, Mr. Alexander,” Rachel said, grabbing her purse and keys. “I’ll take Alisa home.” 
Oh great, I thought, locating my sweatshirt and shoes. For all the time Rachel and I spent together, we were always with Jace. I didn’t think we’d ever been alone. This should be interesting.
We said our goodbyes and jogged through the rain out to Rachel’s car. “Thanks for the ride.” I pulled the seatbelt over my baggy sweatshirt.
“Anytime. Hey, you were awesome tonight. I’ve seen you beat Jace, but Bryce?  Unbelievable.” She was gushing, genuine in her admiration. “I think I want to learn to do that. Not the magic stuff. I’m still not sure about all that. But I definitely like the idea of kicking some butt.”
A wave of anger rippled over me at her announcement that she wanted to start training. Up until now, I felt like it was my thing. It was the only thing I was good at. Rachel was good at so many things. I couldn’t bear it if she was better than me at this too. 
“You should learn at least enough to protect yourself, Rachel.” I hesitated for a second. “Can I ask you something, though?’
“Yeah, go ahead.”
“Why the objection to using magic? I mean, I would kill to have the gifts the rest of you have. I would love to be one of you. As Bryce so rudely pointed out, I’m not like the rest of you and I never will be.”
“Bryce really is a jerk,” Rachel said. “When Jace told me about his brother, I chalked it up to sibling rivalry, but he was right. His brother has issues. I can’t believe what he said to you. I’m so glad you knocked him on his butt and so was Jace. If only someone had thought to grab a video camera.”
We were both laughing as we pulled into my driveway. “To answer your question, though,” Rachel said, turning serious. “I don’t know. The idea of magic makes me feel… unclean. Maybe it’s my church upbringing. Maybe I’m just in denial. I know the Alexanders are all good, moral people. I don’t think the magic in them is bad, but for some reason, I feel like the magic in me is evil.” She let out a shaky breath. “Wow. I haven’t even admitted that to Jace.”
“Can’t he read your mind?” I asked.
“No. He only reads what I allow. It’s like texting with our brains. He can only read what I send him. I hold part of myself back and I’m sure he does too,” she explained.
“Well, thanks again for the ride. Be careful driving home.” I jumped out of the car and sprinted through the pouring rain. I was soaked by the time I reached my front door. 
Lying in bed later, I replayed the events of that evening. For the first time in a long time, my heart was lighter. Some of the pain was gone. I could look at Rachel without the animosity, the rage. I realized much of the anger I felt had nothing to do with Jace. When I battled Bryce, I realized I’d been angry at the world, at circumstances.
Sure, I was still hurt. I still loved Jace, but in fairness to him, he never led me to believe there was more between us. I just wished and hoped. It was time to find a new wish. Searching through my vast catalogue of fantasies, I discarded most. Most of my fantasies involved Jace and I knew I wasn’t allowed to love him anymore.
I thought about Mikael. He was cute… and with that accent? Okay, yes. I closed my eyes and tried to think of Mikael, but Bryce’s face kept taking front and center in my mind. Yet another reason to be angry with him. It occurred to me I should try to get along with Bryce for the sake of my close relationship with his family, but I couldn’t imagine ever liking him. And he would never be able to accept me as an equal. Not in a million years.
Chapter Twelve
Rachel

When I told Alisa I felt my magic was evil, it was the truth. It was one of the reasons I resisted magical training, but not the only one. The real reason I refused to train was because I didn’t want anyone to find out how much I’d achieved on my own. Jace had some idea. He had almost as much to hide as I did.
Mr. and Mrs. Alexander suspected Jace and I had a strong connection. They knew we could speak to each other with our minds while in close proximity, and that worried them. What they had not yet realized was that Jace and I had established a strong link and were able to continue an ongoing conversation even when we were apart. 
Although this ability would no doubt concern them, it was nothing compared to what we’d tapped into recently: Persuasion. We agreed this skill was playing with fire, but we practiced it nonetheless. 
Jace had a few less scruples than I did. At least, that’s what I liked to tell myself. We started using Persuasion before Christmas break, and it made for some lively discussions between us. 
“Don’t you dare tell me you didn’t use Persuasion on Mrs. Hanks,” I scolded as we sailed through yet another quiz-free day in Pre-Cal the week before Christmas. “You know, it might be a little less obvious if you didn’t move your lips while you were working the spell.”
“Okay, little Miss I got out of two speeding tickets in the last week. Are you really gonna give me a lecture on improper uses of magic?” He pulled me into a sideways hug as we walked to our next class. “You could save me the trouble of using Persuasion by sending me the answers across our link. Or leave your mind wide open and I’ll pluck the answers from your brain.” Jace would do anything to get out of doing schoolwork. 
Jace still hadn’t discovered my biggest secret—I could break into anyone’s mind. The first mind I deliberately invaded was Alisa’s. I wanted to see if she was really as okay with me and Jace as she seemed. I regretted breaking into her mind immediately. Even though she was miserable, she would never do anything to hurt Jace, even if it cost her a lifetime of happiness. My feelings of guilt over being the cause of such torment nearly forced me to break off my relationship with Jace. I couldn’t bear the thought of being the source of such anguish.
I vowed not to intrude on someone’s private thoughts unless it was a matter of life or death, but my lack of control sometimes gave me glimpses into people’s minds by accident. At school, flashes of other people’s thoughts sometimes popped into my mind. Once Jace explained the concept of magical security, I learned how to block some of my unintentional invasions of privacy. 
The first time I broke through Jerica’s magical fortress was an experiment gone awry. I was testing my own magical security and unintentionally picked up on one of her surface thoughts. And she happened to be thinking about me. Praying for forgiveness for what I was about to do, I deliberately sent a delicate fiber of thought into her mind. She didn’t seem to know I was in her head, so I continued to probe until I found a hair-width crack in her security. 
Apparently, Jerica suspected my power was stronger than anyone she’d ever trained. She was worried both for me and for those around me. She’d contacted Central and they were keeping close tabs on me. I didn’t want to push my luck any further, so I quickly pulled back, dissipating the tendril of connection.
The experience left a bad taste in my mouth, first because I resorted to such blatant misuse of my power, and second because I realized the Alexanders went behind my back to assign Protectors and Watchers to the area without telling me. Through Jace, I was able to discover Jerica was a high-ranking member of a hierarchy of Spellbringers. Jace had explained a lot to me, but not enough. 
Maybe he didn’t realize Warriors were lurking around southwestern Georgia in an attempt to keep the Hunters away. In a way, I felt reassured and grateful the Alexanders had gone to such extreme measures to ensure my safety, but a larger part of me lived in fear my mother would somehow discover one of these Protectors and find out my secret.
When Jace’s older brother came home for the holidays, I accidentally picked up on one of his random thoughts. Jace had told me how Bryce resented Alisa’s inclusion into his family’s life, so when his thoughts about her inadvertently drifted into my mind, curiosity got the better of me and I tried take a quick peek into his brain. Despite my best efforts, I couldn’t penetrate Bryce’s mind beyond a few surface thoughts. A swirling black fog of anger served as an impenetrable fortress. 
Alisa seemed to be possessed of a rage that matched Bryce’s. Her easy defeat of Jace surprised me not at all. Her near defeat of Bryce at the beginning of the battle shocked me to the core. I wanted to learn to fight like her and to have the confidence she displayed when facing her attacker.  
I made up my mind to begin training at the next available opportunity. I didn’t want to turn into the pampered princess, the girlfriend who sat on the sidelines and watched as the boys (and Alisa) kicked butt. If the Alexanders were willing to hire dozens of people to protect me, the least I could do was make an effort to learn to protect myself. As my mother liked to say, what’s fair is fair.
***
It was a couple of days after Christmas and my mother and I were on our way to Atlanta to visit my brother. My goodbyes to Jace the night before had been painful. It was disturbing that my life had become so wrapped up in my love for him that I could hardly breathe from the pain of knowing I wouldn’t see him for a week.
Even though we suspected our link would work across the long distance between Oaktree and Atlanta, I still hated being so far away from him. We agreed to only one or two phone calls a day regardless of whether or not our link worked. My mother would kill me if I didn’t give her and Jeffrey undivided attention during the majority of our trip, and Jace really needed to spend some quality time with his family and with Alisa. She’d been feeling left out and insecure, and Jace needed to prioritize their friendship better than he had been doing.
Jace and I had been up all night long talking across our link, and it was the early hours of the morning before I finally fell asleep. I slept through my eight o’clock alarm, and when Mama woke me up at almost nine, she was disappointed in my lapse in personal responsibility. I rushed to get ready, desperate not to make her wait a moment longer than necessary. 
On the way out of town, we had to stop by the big superstore to grab a last minute gift Mama decided to get for Jeffrey. When a red-eyed man crept out from behind a beat-up pickup truck in the crowded parking lot, my heart stopped. This was my first sighting of one of the Hunters the Alexanders had warned me about, and until now, I’d never fully appreciated the danger I was in.
Unconsciously, I reached up to grasp my necklace, seeking the comfort it usually offered, but it was gone. I’d left behind my only protection, and as a consequence, I’d put myself in harm’s way. The Hunter who was peeking at me from behind the parked cars was proof of that.
“Mama.” My words escaped in panicked gasps. “I forgot something. Can we go back home? Please?”
“Rachel, I’m not turning this car around just because you forgot something. What could possibly be so important?” Her clipped, irritable tone would normally make me back down instantly, but I couldn’t afford to lose this particular argument.
“I need to…” I trailed off as the figure drew closer to our car. His gaze was fixed on me and I could feel the pull at my magic as it came closer. My heart beat wildly and sweat began to gather on my upper lip. 
“If you need something, you’ll buy it here, or you won’t have it. Understood?” She opened the car door and grabbed her purse. Would a Hunter attack me in the crowded superstore parking lot? Did Hunters care about witnesses? Prickles of fear shot up my spine and I decided I didn’t want to find out how persistent a Hunter could be.
“Wait.” I grabbed the strap of her purse, nearly causing it to break. The Hunter was so close, I could make out the ragged outline of his tattered clothing. 
My request to drive twenty miles back home probably seemed absurd to my mother, but I couldn’t afford to travel all the way to Atlanta without it. If the Hunters could find me here, they could find me anywhere.
Mama’s furious gaze settled on me, and in times past, I would have stammered an apology. Opening and closing my mouth in helpless desperation, I glanced behind me. The Hunter was even closer than before. If I escaped unscathed, I vowed never to doubt Jerica’s warnings again. 
Panic emboldened me and I met my mother’s angry stare. I delved into her mind, felt our connection click into place, and overrode her will with minimal effort. “We must return home. You left the iron on.” 
Her eyes widened as the implanted notion took root. “Oh, my goodness. Rachel, I think I left the iron on. We’ll have to go back home. Call your brother and tell him we’ll be a little later than we expected,” she urged as she slammed the car door shut. Another mental nudge from my mind to hers had her peeling out of the parking spot, nearly hitting the Hunter as we passed him. 
I trembled from head to toe during our drive back home. Scanning my surroundings, I flew into the house, grabbed my necklace, and fumbled with the clasp as I placed it around my neck. In an instant, panic subsided and I took a deep breath.
“Was I right? Did I leave the iron on?” she asked as I climbed into the passenger seat. 
“Yes. It’s a good thing you remembered.” 
“It certainly was a blessing we decided to stop off at the shopping center, wasn’t it?” she asked.
It was a blessing. Had we made it to Atlanta without my necklace, I’d have been a Hunter magnet for a week. And had one caught up with me, I never would have made it back to Oaktree. At least not alive.
Chapter Thirteen
Alisa

Rachel left two days after Christmas, leaving me alone with Jace. Okay, not exactly alone. His family and Mikael were around as well. It was time to mend my fences with Jace, but having no previous experience with friendship drama, I wasn’t sure how to go about doing it. With a belly full of fear, I swallowed my pride and called Jace first thing the morning of Rachel’s departure. I almost hung up after the third ring, having convinced myself Jace was avoiding my call. It was absolutely ridiculous that my heart was beating irregularly and my cornflakes were turning into a soggy mass in the bottom of my stomach.
“I was just getting ready to call you,” Jace said when he answered the phone. My body sagged with relief. I didn’t realize how tense I was until that moment. “The rain finally stopped. I’ll be there in an hour to pick you up. I’m worried about all the practices we’ve missed. If we don’t get serious, this weekend will be a massacre.”
I struggled to figure out what he was talking about. Then I remembered. Tennis. I’d never met anyone so competitive or obsessive when it came to tennis. In a contest between work and laziness, laziness always won where Jace was concerned. Tennis with or against his family was the only exception.  
“Um, okay,” I stammered, not knowing if it was a good time to bring up any unpleasantness. Things seemed like they were getting back to normal between us. I decided to take the plunge. “Are we still partners? I think your brother may have claimed me as a prize.” I felt stupid saying this, but with Bryce, I never knew when he was being serious.
“Um, yeah. We’re still partners. Just get ready and I’ll see you soon.” Jace sounded very evasive. Why did I feel as if something wasn’t quite right?
The second I hopped into his mom’s car, Jace grabbed my hand and pulled me into a sideways hug. “I’m sorry,” he said.
“Me too,” I replied, trying not to get choked up.
“I’ve been a bad friend.” Jace sounded contrite.
“So have I. I’m sorry I’ve been so hateful lately. I just…”
“No, it’s my fault. I haven’t paid enough attention to you. I’m really sorry.” He hesitated for a few seconds before continuing. “I don’t want to let anyone or anything mess with our friendship ever again. So, I’m going to tell you something and I want you to promise not to get mad.”
“I’m not going to make any promises. Now, tell me,” I demanded.
“I made a deal with Bryce that may or may not affect you,” he admitted. “You and I are playing doubles against Bryce and my mom on Saturday. If we win, he’ll let me use his truck while he’s away.” Jace’s eyes glowed with greed. Only fear of death and/or dismemberment had kept him from messing around with the stereo and sound system inside Bryce’s truck while his brother had been away.
“Oh, great. No pressure. I don’t feel used or anything.” I sighed, exasperated. I noticed Jace was avoiding eye contact. “Wait a minute. What happens if Bryce wins? Does your mother know about all this wheeling and dealing?”
The answer to the last question was obvious. No. Jerica would never participate in the game if she knew the brothers were placing bets based on the result. Jace said the bet may or may not affect me. What was that supposed to mean?
Jace started the engine and backed out of my driveway. It was an avoidance tactic. He had to stop the car sometime and when he did, I would beat the information out of him with my tennis racket.
He was out of the car faster than a bolt of lightning when we pulled into the parking lot in front of the tennis courts. If Jace was the lightning, I was the thunder. I rolled toward him like a storm cloud, my racket clutched tightly in my fist. “What happens if Bryce wins, Jace?”
“It’s no big deal, actually. He just wants a rematch in the ring. He felt like you had an unfair advantage the first time.” Jace wisely kept the net in between us.
“What exactly is the nature of his complaint? He won. Is he upset he didn’t kill me the last time? Needs another chance so he can finish the job?” I was so confused, I forgot about killing Jace. I couldn’t understand Bryce’s motive for wanting a rematch. Clearly he was the better fighter. What did he have to prove?
“He claims he was forced to hold back because of Dad being there. Look, I don’t know. Mikael is still making fun of him, okay? You knocked him on his butt and made him look like an idiot,” he said, bouncing a tennis ball on the web of his racket.
“So you sold me out for stereo equipment and a truck?” I advanced toward him with my tennis racket.
“Relax. The rematch will never happen because we’re going to win. So, let’s get started, okay?” Jace tossed the ball high into the air and served a straight shot toward me. I didn’t have time to think about Bryce after that because I was too busy sweating, running, and trying to catch my breath.
***
Saturday’s match was tennis Armageddon, at least to Jace. In his mind, losing the match was the end of the world. I couldn’t understand why he was so upset. He may have lost something that was never his to begin with, but I would have to try to avoid Bryce, or be forced to endure the pain and humiliation of being defeated in the ring. 
The match started out all right, but after Jace made one simple mistake, Bryce laughed and my partner came unhinged. After that, Jace made miscalculation after overcompensation. He was out of control and there was nothing I could do to keep him from unraveling. I’d never seen him play that poorly before, and he was beyond consolation. 
To make matters worse, Jerica and Abe went out to dinner after the match that evening and left Bryce, Jace, Mikael, and me to our own devices. Jace was utterly defenseless against the relentless mockery inflicted on him by Bryce. I urged Jace to ignore his brother, but it was like they had both regressed back to early childhood. The evening was a torment of name-calling and tantrums.
Finally, I could take no more. Jace was my best friend, my only real friend in the world, and I couldn’t stand by and do nothing. It was only a matter of time before magic reared its ugly head. I had some frightening visions of Jace blowing up the house if he resorted to magic. The more they argued, the angrier Jace became. I had to do something to break it up. Short of killing them both, I couldn’t think of a way to get them to quit their bickering. 
Out of desperation, I did the only thing I could think of to distract Bryce. “Hey, how about that rematch? Your parents are gone, so they can’t interfere. Let’s go. You can humiliate me any way you see fit, but I have one condition.”
“You’re not fighting anyone,” Jace said, turning his attention to me.
“What’s your condition?” Bryce asked, smiling widely.
“If you say one more word to Jace about the tennis match, I’ll tell your mom about the bet,” I said.
“What purpose would that serve? Mom and Dad will be mad at both of us. Your buddy, Jace, will be in trouble too.” Bryce clearly felt he’d made his point. He started to turn away.
“They’ll be way angrier with you, though. You’re supposed to be an adult. You know—set the example. Don’t they hold you to a higher standard?” I knew I’d won the argument when I saw his smile fade. Mikael laughed appreciatively.
“Take care of Biscuit for me,” I said to Jace, wearing my best martyred expression. “And Gem, even though he’s mean and will probably claw your eyes out.”
“Biscuit and Gem?” Bryce asked.
“My cats,” I explained.
“You’re being a little melodramatic, aren’t you?” Bryce asked, laughing. I wished he would save his laughter for after the match. “Do you think I would really hurt you or that Jace would allow it? I can’t believe you were actually willing to go up against me based on a bet my brother made, or that you would sacrifice yourself for a guy who essentially tried to trade you for a truck.”
Okay, I guess it sounded stupid when he phrased it like that. A dark blush crept across my face, burning my cheeks. 
Bryce spoke again, “I never intended to hurt you, Alisa. I was just messing with Jace and I’m sorry you got caught up in it. When we sparred before, it was just for fun. I would certainly never use our training sessions to hurt someone.”
He turned to Jace, speaking a little more sharply. “You’re lucky to have such a good friend. Maybe you should consider that the next time you try to trade her for the rights to my truck. You know what? Go ahead and use it if you want, but if you wreck it, you’ll need Alisa’s help more than ever. Help walking, help seeing, help drinking through a straw because your jaw will be wired shut. Stuff like that.”
It was like someone had flipped a switch and Bryce’s multiple personalities decided to play musical chairs. Or maybe there was some sort of mood stabilizing medication he kept forgetting to take. He caught me off guard with his constant shifts in temperament. I’d always dreamed of having an older brother, but after spending time with Bryce, I was sincerely glad I was an only child.  
“You Americans are strange. Are all of your people this way?” Mikael’s awkwardly phrased, but accurate analysis broke the tension and enabled us all to have a laugh.
“No, just us,” Bryce admitted. He said something in French and Mikael threw back his head and laughed.   
An obnoxious rap tune accompanied by a vibrating jolt signaled the end to our evening of fun. Jace fumbled in his pocket for the source of the noise, and upon retrieving his cell phone, dropped it twice before finally depressing the correct button. 
“Rachel.” He nearly wept with relief upon hearing her voice. It was embarrassing to witness.
The rest of us were practically dead to him. He wandered from the room, speaking rapidly into his phone. Bryce rolled his eyes. The three of us watched a boring reality show on television for a few minutes until Mikael yawned and announced he was ready to go to bed.  
When we were alone, Bryce asked, “What time do you need to be home?”
“Around ten,” I said wondering if he was trying to get rid of me. A silly high school student must seem pretty boring to a nineteen-year-old man of the world.
“I’m not trying to get rid of you, Alisa,” he explained, as if reading my mind. “I was going to offer to give you a ride if you needed one. Jace and Rachel might be on the phone for an eternity.”  
“Do you like Rachel?” I asked cautiously.
Bryce seemed surprised by my question. “Yes, I do. I don’t know her very well, but from what I do know, I like her a lot.” 
My cheeks burned with jealousy and rage. What a slap in the face. Bryce made it obvious on more than one occasion that he felt I wasn’t good enough for his family, but Rachel was accepted instantly. I remembered what Jerica told me about heritage meaning a lot to Bryce. Clearly, my lack of magical blood meant I was less than nothing in his eyes.
“Rachel is good for my brother. Some men need an anchor—a person to stand by them and help them make the right decisions. Jace isn’t very bright, so apparently he needs two people to help keep his feet on the ground.” Bryce laughed at his own joke. 
I was startled. Did he mean that I was good for Jace too? That I was his anchor?
“What about you, Bryce? Who’s your anchor?” I regretted the question as soon as I saw the expression on his face.
“My brother, Royce, was my anchor. I looked up to him. I worshipped him. I thought our family would fall apart when he died. I thought I would die too. The pain will never go away.” Bryce paused, and from his ragged and irregular breathing, I could tell he was barely hanging on to his emotions.  
“A Warrior is supposed to be his own anchor. Before our training is complete, we have to learn to be alone, to depend only on ourselves for survival. A Warrior isn’t supposed to depend on another person. That’s why they give up the job if they get married. They can’t have conflicting loyalties. Like my dad. He gave it all up when he married my mom. Mom always felt Royce would have done the same—meet the right girl, get married, and get into a safer line of work. I think that’s one of the hardest parts of losing someone so young. You miss the things they never got to do. Like get married, have children, travel to a faraway place they’d always talked about visiting. My heart feels like it’s going to split open from the pain, but the anger is there too. I feel like he was cheated and so were the rest of us.” 
Bryce’s rage made sense to me now. I could understand the pain of losing someone you love, but never considered the anger that would fill in all the holes left by despair.  
“Bryce, I’m really sorry about your brother.” I tried to hold back tears. Sorry seemed so inadequate. It was probably the most overused word in the English language. Without thinking, I reached out and held his hand. We sat that way for several minutes, each lost in our own thoughts.
Jace often spoke about his oldest brother. According to Jace, Bryce and Royce had attended Central together for seven months. Bryce had always dreamed of attending WTB with his older brother, and for a while, that dream had become a reality—until it turned into a nightmare. I tried to picture Bryce as a little boy who looked up to his big brother, who wanted to be like him more than anything in the whole world. My heart broke for Bryce, a boy who’d lost his hero. And for Jerica and Abe, parents who lost the grown son who would always be their baby.
Bryce gave my hand a squeeze and released it. He moved closer to me, looking serious when he said, “I meant it when I told Jace he’s lucky to have you as a friend. You’re a good person, Alisa.” Bryce must have sensed my shock and embarrassment, because his next words were clearly intended to lighten the mood. “I wouldn’t have tried to trade you for a truck.” He smiled and I felt slightly disoriented.
“That’s high praise coming from you,” I said, trying to sound lighthearted.
“What do you mean?” he asked.
“Well, you never seem very happy to see me. I’ve always assumed you don’t like me,” I said.  
“Why?” He seemed genuinely confused. 
“Well, from the second I met you, you’ve made it clear I’m not welcome. I mean, just the other day, you pointed out once again that I’m not one of you. Right in front of Mikael.” My words were tumbling out, one over the other. I wasn’t saying what I wanted to say the way I wanted to say it.
“Okay, first of all, I was pretty shocked the first time we met. My brother had just been attacked. Trust me. I’m grateful you saved his life, more than you could ever know. By saving him, you saved the whole family. My parents wouldn’t have survived the death of another child. But you were a witness to our family’s secrets. Do you know how many people outside the magical community our family has trusted with our secrets? None. At the time, I couldn’t understand why my mother insisted on telling you about us.”
“Second, I truly did not mean what I said the other day. At least, I didn’t mean it the way it sounded. You aren’t one of us. That’s a fact. But I can accept you for who you are. I know you don’t believe that, but it’s true.” Bryce took a deep breath.
“Third—and don’t think I don’t listen to every single word you say—why do you care so much that I said what I said in front of Mikael? Why do you care what Mikael thinks?” He sounded annoyed when he asked this.
Heat crept up my neck and spread across my face. How could I have known Bryce would be so perceptive? Why, oh, why did I have to mention Mikael? Now Bryce would think I was not only a loser who couldn’t get Jace to fall in love with me, but that I was a loser with a very short attention span. I didn’t want him to think I had a crush on his friend.
“Well, it’s just that… I don’t know Mikael and I…uh, don’t want him to think…” Smooth. So much for damage control. Every time I opened my mouth, I dug myself a deeper hole. I should have asked for a muzzle for Christmas. 
“It doesn’t matter to him or any of the rest of us whether or not you have magic. Mikael likes you, or at least he did. He was asking all kinds of questions about you, but stopped when I pointed out that it’s illegal in our country for a man of twenty to pursue a fourteen-year-old girl.” A wicked gleam lit Bryce’s eyes and I choked when everything he said finally sunk in.
“Fourteen?” I sputtered. “I just turned seventeen. You didn’t really think…”
“Of course not.”  He laughed.
“Then why did you tell him that?” I asked.  
It took a moment for him to answer. “I have my reasons.” He stood up, checked the time on his cell phone, and announced, “Come on. I’ll drive you home. No telling how long Jace is going to be on the phone. Probably forever.”
I followed him out to the living room and waited by the door while he told Jace we were leaving. I wondered if Jace cared. I decided to harass my parents about getting my driver’s license. Up until that moment, I’d been pretty content to bum rides or walk to get where I wanted to go. Standing alone, waiting for my best friend’s brother to drive me home, I decided I was tired of always depending on others. Besides, if I’d been driving myself back and forth, Mikael wouldn’t have believed I was only fourteen. 
I smiled, thinking about what Bryce said about Mikael asking about me. If only that were true. Bryce certainly had a sick sense of humor. 
Bryce came down the hallway with Jace in pursuit.
“You sure it’s okay for Bryce to drive you? I can call Rachel later if you want me to take you home.” I appreciated Jace’s efforts to prioritize our friendship.
“It’s fine, Jace. Call me tomorrow. And tell Rachel I said hi.” We hugged briefly while Bryce stood by the front door, looking impatient. 
Bryce led me out to his truck, his hand resting gently on the small of my back. He opened the door for me and helped me in. The spot on my back where his hand touched me tingled with warmth.  
We rode in silence. I felt as nervous and uncomfortable as I did the first time Bryce drove me home. When we pulled into my driveway, he told me to wait while he opened the passenger side door. He walked me to my front door and grabbed my hand before I went inside.
“Hey, I enjoyed talking to you tonight.”
“Yeah, me too.” I couldn’t seem to make eye contact.
“Alisa,” Bryce said. I could feel him willing me to look at him. When I met his eyes, it seemed like he changed his mind about something he’d been about to say. “Good night.” He turned and walked to his truck. I stood in the chilly night air and watched as he drove away.
Chapter Fourteen
Rachel

My brother, Jeffrey, moved to Atlanta three years ago to attend culinary school. His visits home were regular while he was still in school, but after graduation, he couldn’t come home as often. His job at the hotel restaurant meant he worked many holidays and weekends. As the newest pastry chef, Jeffrey was required to work on Christmas and New Year’s, so we decided to come to him. Since there was no way we could all fit comfortably into his tiny studio apartment, my mother booked a room at the fancy hotel where he worked.
Mama dragged us all around the city, pointing out every place Daddy had ever taken her to. She sounded so much like a tour guide, I had to stop myself from busting up with laughter. To his credit, Jeffrey refrained from mentioning that he’d lived in the city for three years and probably knew more about it than she did. I enjoyed her walk down memory lane for the most part, but my thoughts kept drifting to Jace. 
Mama, Jeffrey, and I had just sat down to dinner after a long and exhausting day, when I felt a familiar tug at my mind. While I was proud of Jace for holding back as long as he had, he’d picked the worst possible time to connect.
“We’re just sitting down to dinner. I’ll call you tonight.”
“I can’t wait that long. I miss you,” he pleaded.
“I miss you too, but now isn’t a good time.” 
I turned my attention back to my mother. She was in the middle of interrogating Jeffrey, and I desperately tried to find an excuse to interrupt her. She could be very overbearing, and poor Jeffrey was squirming with discomfort. 
“Who said you could stop taking your pills?” she asked a little too loudly. A couple of fellow diners turned to stare.
“Calm down, Mama. I’ve been fine for two years. I stopped seeing the doctor. It was a waste of money,” he said, looking apologetically at the waiter who’d approached to take our order. My mother waved the stoic young man away.
“Boy, why didn’t you call me if you didn’t have the money?” she hissed.
“It wasn’t about the money. Those pills had side effects. They didn’t help at all. They just made me feel worse,” he said.
“I don’t want to be getting another late night phone call to drive all the way to Atlanta to bail you out of trouble,” she said, referring to an incident during his second year of school. 
“You won’t,” he replied in a hushed voice.
“Do you know how it felt for me to have to see you in that condition? Paranoid, irrational—you said people were out to get you.” 
“Can we talk about this later?” he asked. 
My mother glanced around the crowded restaurant before nodding curtly in Jeffrey’s direction. I felt sorry for him. Mama wasn’t easy to get along with. It was no wonder he had a mental breakdown a couple of years ago. At the time, I believed my mother’s assessment that Jeffrey was unbalanced and in need of medical intervention. Now I wasn’t so sure.
After dinner, we stood outside the restaurant and waited for a cab. Mama started in on him once again. “Maybe you should move back to Oaktree if you aren’t going to take care of yourself.” Jeffrey squeezed his eyes shut and I knew he’d had enough. So had I.
“Mama,” I said. “Can we see the High Museum while we’re in town? Isn’t that where you met Daddy?” 
“Of course, baby. Did I ever tell you the story about how he proposed to me on top of Stone Mountain? Oh, Rachel, we’ll have to go there before we head home.” Her eyes went misty and my brother flashed me a grateful smile.
We headed back to the hotel and Jeffrey went home to his apartment. My cell phone rang just as my mother was climbing into bed. I ignored the call and switched off my phone. 
“That might have been Jace, honey. Aren’t you going to talk to him?” she asked.
“No. This is our special family time. I’ll talk to him later.” 
“I’m proud of you, Rachel. I’m glad you aren’t getting too serious about Jace. You’re too young.” 
Things were more serious than my mother could have ever imagined. More serious than I wanted to admit to myself. I contacted Jace across our link and we talked all night.
***
Jeffrey and I had plans to spend time together the following day. My mother had a lunch date with an old friend from college, so my brother and I would have a little bit of time to ourselves. Jeffrey took me shopping at Little Five Points and after that, we headed back to his apartment to hang out. Something had been weighing on my mind for weeks and I decided to get it off my chest. There were some things I had to know, and it was now or never.
“Jeffrey, did Daddy give you anything before he died? A family heirloom or jewelry or anything?” I hesitated, afraid once I brought the subject up, there would be no turning back. I wanted information, but not at the expense of revealing any of my own secrets.
“Why do you want to know?” He seemed anxious. I could tell he was hiding something. I decided to give him a chance to fill me in before invading his mind.
“Daddy gave me a necklace before he died.” I pulled the necklace out from underneath my sweater. Jeffrey glanced at it without expression.
“He gave me something, but it was stolen a couple of years ago right before…well, you know. Whoever broke into my apartment tore the place apart, but my gift from Dad was the only thing missing. Before the break-in, I often had the feeling that I was being followed. Afterwards, I thought the people who were out to get me might have been after my family heirloom instead. Mama told me I was imagining things and made me see a psychiatrist. It sounds crazy, doesn’t it?” he asked, glancing away from me. He stood up and walked to the window overlooking the busy street below.
Poor Jeffrey. I knew what it was like to feel watched, or to feel like you were going crazy. If Jeffrey had magic like I did, it was possible there were Hunters after him. He wasn’t paranoid. It wasn’t in his head.
“I don’t think you’re crazy,” I said. “What did Daddy give you?”
“It was an engraved piece of marble I carried with me everywhere.”
“Why didn’t you have it with you the day of the break-in?” I asked, curious. I knew the dangers of leaving my necklace behind, but I still foolishly forgot mine the morning of our trip, so I wasn’t judging Jeffrey—just trying to figure out if there was a pattern. Were the people who broke into his apartment regular thieves who just happened to take a liking to the marble heirloom, or were they Hunters specifically looking for that very item? 
“I was afraid I’d lose it,” he said, “so I started leaving it home more and more often, especially when I had to work. I mean, what kind of grown man carries a pet rock everywhere he goes? Thank God I took a picture of the words on it before it disappeared so I could get this…” He tugged at the hem of his shirt. “If you tell Mama, I’ll kill you.” 
He removed his shirt to reveal his secret. Four black lines of unintelligible script were tattooed on the back of his shoulder. “Dad told me it was the language of our ancestors. It must be some kind of tribal language from Africa.”
“How long have you had that?” I asked, gaping at a tattoo which was unremarkable, but for the fact that our mother would beat him to death if she saw it. I could already hear her “your body is a temple” lecture.
“I got it done right after…well, after I had my problem,” he said. “It made me feel better.”
“Can I take a picture of it with my cell phone?” I asked, hopefully. “I have an older friend who’s sort of into ancient languages and stuff. She could translate it for you.” I almost said “me” instead of “you,” but changed it at the last minute. I didn’t want Jeffrey to know how important this was to me.
“Um, I guess. I don’t know. Dad was really secretive about it.” Jeffrey seemed unsure.
“Then why did you tattoo it on your body? You must not have been too concerned with keeping it secret then.” I tried not to push, but I was convinced the meaning of the words were the key to something.
“It was sort of Dad’s idea,” Jeffrey confessed. “Before he died, I told him I thought it would make a badass tattoo. He told me he thought it was a good idea, but not to let Mama see it. Obviously. He told me he would have done it himself in his younger years, but never got around to it. That conversation kind of planted the seed in my mind. I’m glad I followed through—that I have something of his always.”
Jeffrey’s voice trembled and I couldn’t blame him. I thought about how I would feel if my necklace were stolen. I couldn’t imagine anything worse. “I’m glad you got the tattoo, Jeffrey. Please, can I take a picture? I’ve been wondering about Daddy’s side of our family and our heritage. It would mean a lot to me.”  
“Yeah, fine. Go ahead. But when you find out what it means, shoot me a text. I’m curious too.” 
Cell phone pictures were unpredictable at best, but I tried my hardest to get as clear a shot as possible. The fact that his skin was nearly as dark as the words on the tattoo didn’t help, so I made him stand under the light. When I was finished taking pictures, he turned away from me and put his shirt back on.
“Thanks, Jeffrey. If you can think of anything else he might have said about our heritage or his family, let me know, and I’ll do the same. Mama doesn’t seem to know much about his past. It’s weird.” 
Then saying a silent prayer for forgiveness, I pushed my mind toward my brother’s. It felt like my skull collided with an iron wall. The nausea and dizziness almost made me lose consciousness.
“Rachel, what’s wrong?” Jeffrey rushed to my side. Thankfully, he had no idea what had just happened. If he knew what I tried to do, he would never have forgiven me.
“I… I’m okay.” I could barely speak. “Migraine…purse… quick.” 
Jeffrey handed me my purse and I fumbled for my bottle of pills. He had to open the bottle for me because I had no strength in my hands. He doled out two pills and handed me a can of soda. It was several minutes before the pain began to subside.
“Should I call Mama?” Jeffrey was totally freaked out.
“No…no. She’ll just get upset. I don’t want to spend the evening in the Emergency Room.” I tried to make light of my pain, but I couldn’t quite do it. 
When I was finally able to stand upright, I went to the bathroom to splash some water on my face. I tried to force myself to think about something besides my magic and how it had turned against me. Even in the early days of its appearance, I had never experienced such a violent and painful reaction.  
Jeffrey took me back to the hotel after promising me a dozen times he would absolutely not say anything to our mother. I didn’t want to worry her, but most of all, I didn’t want to ruin her day. I knew how much she’d looked forward to meeting up with her friend and I wanted her to be able to savor the memory without her concern for me clouding it.
My mother enjoyed the rest of our stay in Atlanta, but I was counting down the hours to our return home. I longed to see Jace with an intensity that both alarmed and embarrassed me. 
New Year’s Eve was probably the most difficult night for me. I tortured myself by conjuring up images of all the fun I was missing at the Alexander home. I promised myself I would wait until after midnight before calling him, but I couldn’t do it. I wouldn’t be able to feel his lips on mine at the stroke of midnight, but I could at least hear his voice. With trembling hands, I dialed his number and waited for him to answer. I carried on a halting conversation with him over the phone for a few minutes under my mother’s watchful gaze. Verbally, I kept things light, glorying in the vibration of his voice coming through the receiver of the phone.
“We’re having a great time,” I said aloud, while simultaneously sending a private message across our link. “Oh, my God, I miss you so much it hurts. There’s so much I need to tell you. I love you so much, Jace.”
I ended the cell phone portion of our conversation fairly quickly. I didn’t want to incur my mother’s disapproval. We continued to communicate across our link. As I lay in bed, the TV’s soft light flickering over my skin, I reveled in the fact that our connection was just as strong across the many miles. Only two more days, I told myself. Only two more days until we were together again.
Chapter Fifteen
Alisa

I spent nearly every day of Winter Break with the Alexanders. My mother made a few half-hearted protests about my frequent absences, but gave in when I reminded her that most people my age spent a lot of time either alone or out with friends. I hinted that she should be grateful I had friends to hang out with. Sometimes she asked why Jace and Rachel didn’t come over to our house. I told her they were both allergic to cats. One time, she even asked me why I never spent time with Becky.
“Becky hates me and always has,” I said irritably. Seriously, how could she not know that?
“That isn’t true,” she replied in avid defense of her favorite niece. “Becky loves you. One of these days, you’re going to wish you’d spent more time getting to know your cousin.” I sincerely doubted that, but didn’t bother to correct her. It hurt that my mother knew so little about me. 
My parents had pretty much accepted the fact that I preferred to socialize away from home. Their complaints were fewer and farther between, and as long as I was home before curfew, they let me come and go as I pleased. 
It was New Year’s Eve and I was invited to hang out at the Alexanders’ for the evening. I didn’t quite know what to expect when Jace said “New Year’s Eve party,” as I’d never been to one. On television, a typical celebration involved excessive drinking and a kiss at the stroke of midnight. I felt certain Jerica and Abe were not going to offer alcoholic beverages to a house full of people under the age of twenty-one, and I was equally certain there would be no one for me to kiss at midnight. Regardless, I looked forward to the evening. 
In previous years, I’d spent New Year’s Eve alone and friendless, usually retiring to bed early with a good book. I assumed it was for this reason that I’d never really liked the holiday. What was the point in celebrating the end of one lonely and depressing year, or the beginning of a new year destined to closely resemble the previous one? I expected this year to be different, seeing as how I actually had friends to celebrate with. 
I decided to pay extra attention to my appearance, so I lost track of time and didn’t hear the car pulling into my driveway until it was too late. I felt drained from the exertion of trying to wrangle my locks into something resembling a hairstyle. Some girls weren’t cut out for the rigors of hair care. 
When I heard the doorbell, I threw my brush down on the dresser and bolted toward the stairs. Jace was already inside, exchanging pleasantries with my parents. To my horror, my mother invited him to come over to our house for dinner on New Year’s Day and he agreed. It would be a fiasco, I thought, cringing at the idea of sitting down at the kitchen table while my mom passed around my naked baby pictures. This had never actually happened to me, but I’d heard stories from other people and they weren’t pleasant.  
I wondered if it was too late to obtain anti-anxiety meds before tomorrow. Maybe my appendix would burst and I’d spend the next few days in the hospital instead… one could only dream. After several uncomfortable minutes of conversation, we managed to disentangle ourselves from my mother’s clutches. I tore into Jace as soon as we pulled out of the driveway.
“I can’t believe you agreed to have dinner with her.” I tried to control my rising panic.  
“What’s the big deal? You hang out at my house all the time. Don’t you want me to get to know your family?” Jace stared straight ahead at the road, so I couldn’t read the expression on his face. I strongly suspected he enjoyed my discomfort.  
“My mother is nice and all, but she can come on pretty strong. I just don’t think I can handle a whole evening where she tells you about all my embarrassing moments. And when she asks you how many guests we should have at our wedding, don’t say I didn’t warn you.” I was too worked up to control what came out of my mouth.
“Are we getting married?” Jace asked innocently.  
“My mother can’t wait to marry me off to someone,” I complained. “You just happened to be the first guy to step foot across the threshold.”
“Oh, well. Don’t worry about it. I think my mom had some of those same ideas when we first started hanging out. I overheard something she said to my dad once, and it made me feel reluctant to bring Rachel home after we started going out. That’s why I waited so long before telling my parents she was my girlfriend. I thought my mom would be shocked and act all weird, but she was fine.” This was the first I’d heard about any of this.
“Wait. What did you overhear?” I asked.
“Right after the first night we had Rachel over for dinner, my mom told my dad he should start training you. He told her he didn’t think it was necessary. He said any Hunters who came sniffing around would probably ignore you and go after those with magic to steal. She got upset and told him he had to do it. I’m trying to remember how she phrased it. Something like, ‘I see far, Abe. She’s the only one who can pull my son out of darkness, and I’m determined to do anything within my power to protect her. How do you know she won’t need training in order to save him?’ She must have had one of her visions about you—something that made her think you would end up saving my life again.”
Hope filled my heart. Jerica’s visions obviously meant something. Everyone believed in her intuition and scrambled to follow in any direction she might lead. Could this mean Jace and I would eventually end up together? But if that were true, why did she seem so unhappy the time she caught Jace holding my wrist? And why would she so easily accept and embrace Rachel as Jace’s girlfriend?
Stop it, Alisa, I scolded myself. I could not afford to let myself go down the slippery slope of fantasizing about Jace. For the sake of my friendship with Jace and the Alexanders, and for the sake of my own sanity, I had to let go. Just a month ago, I still needed to remind myself several times a day that I was not allowed to love Jace or be attracted to him. Since Christmas, I’d barely entertained any romantic thoughts toward Jace at all. Maybe it was the conversation with Rachel and my hope that we might become close friends. Or maybe it was the sparring match with Bryce that allowed me to let go of my anger. Whatever it was, I had finally cleared the biggest hurdle in accepting that Jace would never be mine. 
Jace’s house was empty when we arrived. “Mom and Dad went to the store to shop for tonight. Bryce and Mikael went to Albany to pick up a buddy from the bus station,” Jace explained, rummaging in the refrigerator. He must have figured he had a good half-hour of uninterrupted feeding time before Jerica came home and kicked him out of the kitchen. He spent a great deal of time either eating or trying to snatch food from under his mom’s nose. Everyone needed a hobby, I supposed.
The house filled up quickly, and if Jerica noticed a ton of food was missing from the refrigerator, she didn’t mention it. After all the crap he ate, I was slightly disgusted by the fact that Jace was able to eat not only the dinner that was placed in front of him, but begged for seconds as well. Sure, Jace’s six-foot tall, athletic frame would require a certain number of calories, but where did all that food go? I wondered how much money the Alexander family spent on feeding their youngest son.
I looked around the crowded kitchen table, speculating about the newest, temporary addition to the household. Mordecai, silent and brooding, was the polar opposite of Mikael. Golden hair, sky-blue eyes, fair skin, easy smile, friendly personality: Mikael was like a magnet that drew light and energy. Mordecai, however, was the opposite. His deep black dreadlocks hung about his shoulders and his demeanor was cold. Mordecai’s ebony skin seemed to swallow the light and his black eyes were cunning and sharp. When he smiled, it made me shudder. There was something malevolent in the baring of his teeth. 
Jerica must have been aware of my covert examination of her newest guest. She interpreted my reaction to Mordecai correctly, I believed, because she nodded her head once and looked toward him with suspicion. I noticed earlier in the evening that Jerica did not insist on him calling her by her first name. I wondered if this was significant because she’d asked me to call her by her first name right away.
“Mordecai, where are you from?” she asked.
“Nigeria. My parents are living in Miami, but they shall be moving back to Africa in two months time. I believe you know my mother’s people, Mr. Alexander.” He turned his attention to Abe. “My mother is descended from the family of Nkaribo.” Mordecai’s smile widened as Abe’s dimmed.
“Yes, I knew your uncle Jabron. How is he?” Abe frowned and shot a worried look toward his wife.
“He is dead.” Mordecai delivered this answer without any emotion whatsoever. Goose bumps peppered my arms. When dinner was over, I felt weak with relief when the men left the kitchen. Jerica and I looked at each other and words were unnecessary. She didn’t like Mordecai any more than I did.
***
The party was low-key, not much of a party at all, which was fine with me. The boys congregated in the basement, playing pool and listening to music. I tried to hang out with them for a while, but felt too uncomfortable to stay. Mordecai’s presence made me feel slightly ill. Despite Jace and Bryce’s protests, I escaped upstairs. Abe and Jerica snuggled in the living room and watched the New Year’s Eve Special on network television. Scantily clad women huddled in the freezing cold, desperate to have their faces splashed across the TV if only for a second.
I felt weird hanging out with Jerica and Abe. They seemed very subdued. I didn’t want to be a nuisance, so I mumbled something about getting some fresh air and stepped outside. The stray cat Jace had adopted a few weeks ago was sitting in the driveway, meowing piteously. I walked over to him and scooped him up in my arms.
“It’s cold outside, kitty. What are you doing out here?” I murmured and cooed in baby talk as I scratched Whiskers’ snowy white chin. “Let’s go inside.” I made my way back toward the house, and nearly had a stroke when a deep, heavily accented voice came from out of nowhere.
“Poor human.” A tiny orange glow faded in and out, briefly illuminating Mordecai’s dark form. 
“You scared the life out of me,” I exclaimed. 
“If only it were that easy,” he chuckled. “Bryce’s little brother will never choose you, and if the Alexanders were honest, you would have known that. The male of our species craves the magic of the female—power you do not possess. He will never whisper the Claiming Words in your ear. Perhaps you should run along and find someone of your own kind.” He threw his cigarette on the ground, crushed the butt under his boot, and left without another word. 
What Mordecai said was true. I’d always known it in my heart. Rachel and Jace were bound together by more than love. Magic created a bond of its own. Even before Rachel came along, I knew I wasn’t special. I’d never be more than who I was. Maybe Mordecai was right. Maybe I should find others like myself: boring, ordinary, non-magical humans.
There was nothing else to do but go back inside. I sat stiffly at the edge of the loveseat and pretended to enjoy the New Year’s Eve Special while stroking Whiskers’ soft fur absentmindedly. Mordecai’s stinging words reverberated in my ears. Maybe he was right. No one would ever claim me. I would be doomed to spend eternity with only two-dozen cats to keep me company. My destiny as the Crazy Cat Lady beckoned and I felt terribly sorry for myself. 
The guys made their way back upstairs right before the countdown to midnight. Jace’s phone rang and he disappeared to talk to Rachel in private. I wondered how soon I could escape the Alexanders’ house and return to my own. 
“10…9…8…” The announcer on TV was manic with New Year’s Eve glee. Jerica and Abe rose from the sofa and stretched.
“7…6…5…” At the rustling of a paper bag, I glanced over to see the boys rooting around in the stash of illegal fireworks they’d smuggled in from Alabama. Soon they would step outside to blow things up. Typical men.
“4…3…2…” I wondered who would be driving me home. I was ready to go.
“1…”  Loud screams erupted on TV. Abe and Jerica kissed softly, and Abe brushed a tear from his wife’s cheek. I knew it was hard on them to ring in a new year without their oldest son in it. They both went around the room, giving hugs, wishing each person a Happy New Year, before finally saying goodnight and retiring to bed.
Bryce, Mikael, and Mordecai went outside to shoot off fireworks and I was left alone in the living room. I curled up on the sofa, remote control in hand, and decided to wait a few minutes before interrupting Jace for a ride home. The front door opened and then slammed shut. Bryce walked over to me.
“Don’t you want to come outside?” he asked.
It was nice he’d remembered me, even if it took a while to do so. “No. I’m really tired, so I think I’ll wait in here. Thanks, though.” I didn’t try to suppress my massive yawn.
Bryce sat next to me on the sofa. “Well, me and the guys are leaving tomorrow. We thought we’d spend a couple of days in New York before our flight leaves. I probably won’t see you again for a while, so take care.”
“I will. Be careful, Bryce. I’ll miss you,” I said, realizing I meant it. 
“I’ll miss you too. Happy New Year, Alisa.” He reached out to give me what I thought would be a brotherly hug. He pulled me close, shocking me with his tenderness. As we disengaged from our embrace, he touched the side of my face with his fingertips. His hand moved to my neck and the calloused skin on his thumb grazed the hollow of my throat. My eyelids fluttered closed as he lowered his lips to mine. 
“Goodbye,” he whispered. 
My eyes flew open, but he was gone. I glanced at the front door just in time to see it close. I thought for a second that I’d fallen asleep and dreamed the whole thing. In all my crazy fantasies, I never imagined my first kiss would come from Bryce. I wasn’t even sure I liked him. Of course, he might not have meant anything by it. There was no way I could convince myself that his kiss was brotherly, but perhaps it was meant in friendship. We were starting to get along better, after all.  
As soon as my legs were working properly again, I started down the hallway in search of Jace, ready to go home and give serious thought to what had just happened. I had a feeling my dreams would be filled with Bryce from now on. As I raised my hand to knock on Jace’s door, I realized Bryce was already part of my dreams and had been for some time. He was the one who reached for me in the mists. His face was the one I didn’t recognize. Not until now. 
Chapter Sixteen
Rachel

The day after I returned from Atlanta, I stopped by to visit Jace. We stood outside in his driveway for an eternity, just holding each other. A fine, misty rain began to fall, so we went inside.
“Hi, sweetie. Did you have a good trip?” Jerica asked, motioning for us to have a seat.
“We had a great time,” I replied.
“I wanted to have you all to myself,” Jace complained across our link. I ignored him and sat down next to Jerica. Jace rolled his eyes and threw himself into one of the high-backed chairs next to his dad. 
I decided to broach the topic of Jeffrey’s tattoo. “Could you have a look at something? I was hoping you could translate it, or at least tell me what language this is.”
Everyone in the room fell silent as Jerica peered at the pictures on my cell phone. “Where did you get this?” Jerica asked, casting a quick glance toward Abe.
“I…I took the picture when my mother and I went to Atlanta. I asked Jeffrey if Daddy ever gave him anything, you know, like my necklace. Before our father died, Jeffrey mentioned the idea of having these words tattooed on his shoulder. Our father told him he should do it.” I summarized the conversation between my brother and me, feeling disloyal when I mentioned Jeffrey’s breakdown. His problems were a closely guarded family secret, but I suspected his fear of being followed had less to do with a mental breakdown, and more to do with Hunters. I thought the information about the break-in was relevant given the fact that his heirloom was stolen under what I believed were suspicious circumstances.
Jerica’s face clouded over in horror as she took another look at the images on my phone. “What is it?” I cried.
“It’s a spell,” Jerica said. “It’s the language of the Fae. I wonder how your father’s people came across such a thing and if he knew what it meant. It’s similar to a suppression spell, like the one in your necklace. Suppression spells are common. I used to sew them into the boys’ clothing to mask their magic when they were younger. But this is different. I’ll have to ask an expert to have a look, but I believe it’s a claiming spell.” 
“What’s a claiming spell?” I asked.
Abe took my cell phone from Jerica and said, “There are many types of claiming spells, and not all are bad. Some are used for temporary magic suppression or protection—like the spell in your necklace. Sometimes, a man speaks Claiming Words to the woman he loves to show his intent to spend the rest of his life with her. Demons use a variation of claiming spells to mark their followers.”
“My brother isn’t a Demon-follower. I don’t understand.”
“Sweetie, we’ll do everything we can to figure this out,” Jerica said. 
“If it’s a Demon’s spell, what does that mean? What’s going to happen to Jeffrey?” I asked.
Jerica looked at Abe before answering. “Well, the tattoo makes him invisible to Hunters.”  
“Why is that bad, though? If they can’t sense his presence, they can’t hurt him, right?” I asked.
“Hunters can’t sense him, but if a Demon comes in contact with him, he’ll believe Jeffrey is a Shifter—a Demon-follower,” Jerica said. 
“How can Demons sense him if Hunters can’t?” Jace asked. 
“Hunters have limited magic. Their gifts are strong, but no match for a Demon’s. Jeffrey’s magic is suppressed, but not completely hidden. Jeffrey will never be able to tap into his magic, but a Demon can,” Abe said. 
“I think it’s safe to assume the people Jeffrey believed were following him were Hunters,” Jerica said. “They were drawn to Jeffrey’s magic which the spelled stone he carried was not entirely successful in suppressing.”
“How is it that Jeffrey and I have magic to begin with? I don’t understand.”
“That’s what we’re trying to find out,” Jerica said calmly. 
“Why would Rachel’s father have told Jeffrey it was a good idea to get that tattoo?” Jace asked. “It doesn’t make sense.”
“None of it makes sense,” I said. “My father didn’t know anything about magic and spells. And even if he did, he wouldn’t have told Jeffrey to get a tattoo that tied him to a Demon.” 
Abe cleared his throat. “Rachel, I hate to compound your unhappiness, but I’ve hit a dead end with the research I’ve been doing in regards to your father’s family history. There’s no record of birth for anyone by the name of Darius Franklin Stevens—at least not on the birth date you provided. I have a reliable guy I sometimes work with who can look into other possibilities. Do you want me to continue my research? It’s up to you.” 
“Yes, please. I want to know everything about my father, now more than ever. I can’t believe it. It’s like I didn’t know him at all.” I fought back tears of confusion and rage. How could my father keep so many secrets from his family? Why didn’t my mother find out more about him before marrying him?
Jerica told Abe and Jace to brew some coffee. They left the room. Downtrodden and depressed, I examined my fingernails so I wouldn’t have to look at Jerica. I knew what she was going to say, and I didn’t want to hear it.
“Rachel, it’s time to start training. I think you realize that now. Look at me, honey.” Her voice was soft, but commanding. I looked into her eyes, hoping she didn’t notice my unshed tears. “I know you’re worried about Jeffrey, but you won’t help him by remaining unprotected. I need you to start training for my own selfish reasons. The more vulnerable you are, the more distracted Jace will be. His concern for your safety will leave him open to attack. If you won’t do it for yourself, do it for my son.”
Jerica was a truly perceptive woman. She knew I was thinking of giving up on magic altogether. I felt guilty that Jeffrey’s gift was taken from him before he even had a chance to develop it. He was robbed, pure and simple. Robbed of his birthright, his magic, his ability to defend himself.  
“Think about it this way,” she continued. “Your gift may someday save your brother. Why deny yourself the chance to develop your skills? Punishing yourself will not release his magic. I’m sure your father had good reasons to do what he did. I’m certain his motive was to protect you both. Do not allow any of this to diminish the love you have for him.”
“I know, it’s just…I’m so angry with him right now. Everything I thought I knew about him was a lie.” I couldn’t stop the tears from falling. 
“Was your father loving? Was he kind? Did he take good care of his family?” I nodded my head in response to each of Jerica’s questions. “Not everything is about facts and numbers, Rachel. There is truth in love. He was honest about what mattered—his love for his family. Don’t let anything take that away from you.”
“You’re right.” 
 “Until we can get this all figured out, I’ll increase the number of Watchers, Protectors, and Warriors around the city to enhance your brother’s protection. Jeffrey isn’t alone in this and neither are you.”
“Thank you, Jerica,” I said.
My worry over Jeffrey would be a constant tickle in the back of my mind, probably for the rest of my life. I longed for days past when the only things I had to worry about were grades and college applications. I used to live in a world where magic only existed in my silly little vampire novels. Now magic followed me everywhere, and I couldn’t find safety even in my dreams.
***
I’d been to the castle before, but familiarity did nothing to decrease my sense of fear. Terror kicked in the moment I became aware of my surroundings. Shrouded in near darkness, I looked about the castle and marveled at the Gothic architecture, shivering in response to the desolate evil of the place.
Voices drifted down the far corridor, and I followed the sound against my will. My dream-feet didn’t travel in footsteps, but instead floated along on a conveyor belt of compulsion. I stopped abruptly outside a towering mahogany door and hunkered down in the hollow behind the staircase. A disembodied conversation wafted from behind the slightly opened door.
I didn’t need to listen. I knew the script by heart—the words of a million identical dreams. Each syllable carried the weight of every fear I’d ever held close to my heart, every icy prickle of dread I’d ever felt. 
“The truce won’t last, Ancient One, if you continue to interfere in my personal affairs. My vendetta far surpasses any claim you believe you might have,” the Cold One hissed.
A deeper voice replied. “Do not threaten me. I walked this earth for centuries before you were born, and likely I’ll continue long after your body is rotting in the ground under my feet.”
A magnetic pull dragged me from my hiding place behind the stairs. I struggled to resist, fought against the urge to reveal myself. I reached the threshold of the high-ceilinged room and my heartbeat threatened to shatter my ribcage. As the fair-haired man began to turn, I breathed a sigh of relief. This was the point where I woke up. Only, this time, I didn’t. His golden hair glinted in the candlelight and his ice-blue eyes met mine. He was beautifully, terrifyingly inhuman.
“It appears we have a guest. Perhaps we should let her decide whose Mark to bear,” he hissed.
Startled, the dark-haired man turned his head to look at me. His black eyes narrowed and darted toward his adversary. He quickly stepped in front of me to shield me from the other’s view. “There is no choice,” he said, “only prior claim.”
“Jabron had many masters,” the other said. “Until she bears a Mark, she is fair game between us.”
“This is not a game, Nevare. Not to me. I’ll protect her at all costs…and those who guard her,” the Dark One insisted.
“So, you insist upon using those pathetic creatures which make up your army? I don’t care how well you think you’ve trained them, Re’Vel, Hunters…”
“Are none of your concern,” the Dark One finished. “If you choose to encroach upon my territory, those creatures will rip you apart.”
“Hunters are easily destroyed, you fool. Don’t forget, I watched my brother’s army of one-hundred fall to a mere five Warriors,” Nevare said. “They’re mindless…”
“So are you. And remember, those Warriors almost killed you in the desert that day. You nearly met the same fate which took your brother,” Re’Vel said.
“Don’t speak of that. I’ll wipe every Alexander from the face of the earth.” Spittle flew from his mouth as he made this threat. I cowered behind Re’Vel, the lesser of the two evils. “I’m warning you. Your claim does not supersede my own. Should you try to take her and use her for your own purposes, it will start a war the world has never seen.”
“So, you choose to sever our alliance over such a small matter?” Re’Vel asked, his voice calm.
“If it’s so small a matter, why do you fight for her so?” Nevare took another step toward Re’Vel.
“I have my reasons,” the Dark One said, turning to me. He lowered his lips within an inch of my own and whispered, “Sleep, my love.”
I woke up alone in my own bed, my breathing coming in shallow gasps. I lay unmoving until my alarm shrieked a painful “Good Morning.” When the unmistakable rumble of the garbage truck became louder, I jolted from bed, grabbed a book from the bedside table, and ran barefoot down the stairs. I didn’t bother to shut the front door behind me as I sprinted outside. I tossed the book into the trash can at the end of my driveway just as the garbage truck pulled up.
No more vampire romance novels for me. My life was complicated enough without my questionable choice in reading material intruding upon my usual nightmares. I watched until the garbage was gone, and then went back inside. The disturbing dream stayed with me all day. 
Chapter Seventeen
Alisa

Panic overtook me the day before Winter Break ended. How could it be over? I willed time to slow down, but to no avail. The first day back to school after the long break hit me in the face like a sledgehammer. Actually, I think I would have preferred a blow to the face. Then I could have stayed home, or in the hospital. Anything was preferable to going back to school.
Bleary eyed and depressed, I dragged myself from the warm comfort of my bed and into the shower, ready to begin the second semester of the school year. I tried to count down the days until spring break, but it was early and my brain power had not yet kicked in. Dead tired from lack of sleep, I stumbled through my morning routine.
Jace called my phone at seven to announce his arrival in my driveway. I ran down the steps, yelled goodbye to my mom, and almost tripped over my cat as I ran out the door. “Hey,” I mumbled, slumping into the passenger seat.
“Hey yourself.” Jace wasn’t any happier about the whole back-to-school thing than I was, but at least he looked better than I did. He always looked good. So did Rachel, I reminded myself.
It was hard enough to remember I wasn’t allowed to crush on Jace. Having tackled that obstacle in my life (for the most part), I now faced a more difficult challenge—trying to forget about Bryce. Ever since New Year’s Eve, I faced the constant torment of thinking about the tall, brooding brother of my best friend. I had finally decided I could let bygones be bygones and try to get along, possibly even be friends, with Bryce. But then he had to mess everything up with that kiss.
I thought about that kiss obsessively and had become irritable and distracted the last part of my beloved Winter Break because of it. After deciding that Bryce was either crazy or drunk, anger took over. I had fantasized about my first kiss ever since I could remember. I’d always suffered from Fairy Tale Princess Syndrome and had been waiting for my prince to come since potty training. Instead of experiencing my first kiss with my one true love, Prince Charming or the guy from Little Mermaid, I got stuck with the Beast. So, maybe Bryce was cute underneath the fur… okay I was getting lost in Princess Land again.
I felt cheated. Bryce didn’t love me or even want me around. He ruined my first kiss. That’s why I was angry. Despite the fact that it was a nice kiss, he ripped a hole in my fantasy—a hole big enough for him to step right in. Now every time I closed my eyes, I saw his face. When I woke up in the morning, wisps of half-remembered dreams dissipating, I saw Bryce floating there for just a moment.  
I’m not sure if Jace noticed how crabby and jumpy I’d become over the last few days, but I doubted it. Men were oblivious, and besides, he was happy to have Rachel back from her trip. For once, I was pleased he didn’t pay attention to me, grateful to be able to fly under the radar.
The day was a total loss. First period was categorized by my herculean effort to stay awake. In second period, I did fall asleep. I was awakened by an angry history teacher and twenty cackling students. At least I didn’t drool or talk in my sleep. I barely made it through the day, only awakening from my stupor when the bell rang and it was time to go home. I made a mental note to thank Bryce for letting Jace use his truck, otherwise I would have had to walk through a cold rain to get home. The ride was a blur.
I decided to check my email and download a few research notes before taking a nap. I deleted spam and junk mail before reading anything of value. Singles website ads, Nigerian mail scams, secret shopper job offers—I hit delete as if on auto pilot until a familiar name caught my eye. For the first time that day, I was fully awake, my heart beating in my chest as if I had just run a marathon. Not that I ever would.
Bryce. Hands shaking, I clicked on his message to open it. Wherever he was, he obviously had access to the internet. I found it incredible that he would choose to write to me and wondered how he found my email address.

Alisa,
I’m sorry about the way I left you on New Year’s Eve, with a quick kiss and no explanation. Believe me, I don’t regret kissing you. I’m not sorry for that. What I’m sorry for is moving so fast. I know I’ve been cold, even downright rude to you, and I have no excuse. I’ve tried my hardest not to like you, but I can’t help it. I do. I’ve never felt this way before, so this is very confusing. If you hate me, I understand. Like I said, I’m sorry for not waiting until you felt the same way about me as I feel about you. If you can find it in your heart to email me back, I would appreciate it. It gets lonely here.
~Bryce 

I read and reread his email, confusion making my head spin. My first instinct was to wonder if it was really him writing it. My second thought was that it was a joke. Surely, Bryce wouldn’t be so cruel, would he? I reviewed every conversation I’d ever had with Bryce, however insignificant. There was nothing that would indicate he liked me. Well, there was the kiss. Oh, and the time Mikael supposedly expressed an interest in me, so Bryce told him I was only fourteen. That was weird. Oh, and the time where he tried to claim me as his tennis partner. He was just messing around, though. Besides those few little instances, there was nothing. My general opinion over the last few months was that Bryce could barely tolerate me. Not much to build a relationship on, I’d say.
I needed to talk to someone about this, but who? Jace’s face popped into my head first, but I immediately discarded that idea. Bryce was his brother, a brother he could barely stand. I would feel disloyal talking about it with him. I wouldn’t want Jace to think I’d been scamming on his brother the whole time we were friends. And besides, Jace had said some pretty nasty things about Bryce. I didn’t want him to think I was some heartless girl playing one brother against the other.
Rachel. I could talk to her, maybe. Or maybe not. She and Jace had some creepy mind reading thing going on, and I didn’t want him to pick my secret out of her brain. Not Rachel then. I guessed the only thing to do would be to email Bryce. I would keep it casual and not say anything much, just in case it was a joke. Assuming Bryce was not joking, it would be cruel to keep him waiting, so I decided to reply right away.

Bryce,
I don’t hate you, so don’t worry about that. Everything is fine here. Jace, Rachel and I started back to school today which was a nightmare. I nearly succumbed to the boredom and pointlessness that is public education. Unfortunately, I emerged unscathed and am still alive, only to have to face another day of the same torture. 
You probably attended high school in some exotic, far-off place where everyone wore bikinis to school and drank fruity drinks out of a coconut at lunchtime. Well, here it is unbearably dull. I’m grateful, however, that no one wears bikinis to school. I shudder just thinking about it. 
I will continue to keep Jace in line and will look out for your parents as well. I hope you’re okay wherever you are. Please stay safe.
~Alisa

Okay. I thought my response was well written. Light-hearted, but caring and concerned for his safety and well-being. I congratulated myself on a job well done. Refocusing on my research assignment, I surfed the internet for facts on Napoleonic France. Maybe Bryce was in France, I thought, my focus wavering just a bit. No, I told myself. I must get something done today, or this assignment would snowball until I was left with a massive project to complete at the last minute. Been there, done that.
I forced myself to continue until I successfully located four good sources, and printed about twenty pages of documents to read later. After completing my math homework and studying a few Spanish vocabulary words, I went downstairs to set the table for dinner. 
Dinner with my family was always a silent affair with Dad in front of the television, and me and Mom at the table, our noses stuck in some sort of reading material. Mom worked for my Aunt Leanne’s real estate firm and often brought work home. Dad was just plain obsessed with televised sports. I was an incurable book junkie who dragged a dog-eared paperback with me everywhere I went, even to the kitchen table.
After dinner, I cleared the table, started the dishwasher, and said a quick goodnight to my parents. After retreating to the comfort of my bedroom, I replied to a couple of text messages from Jace and decided to check my email before getting into bed.  
My heart skipped a beat, then jolted back into rhythm upon discovering another message from Bryce. I opened it, my eyes darting quickly over his words. I read his message more slowly the second time.

Alisa,
Thanks for writing me back. I was afraid you wouldn’t. I’m happy everyone there is doing okay. It’s cold here and I’m exhausted from training. Don’t tell my dad, but I’m starting to rethink my career choice. Hanging out in the tropics sounds pretty good right about now, but Georgia sounds even better. 
About your hatred of high school, I feel your pain. I hated high school and sometimes have nightmares that I’m back there all over again. 
I can’t wait to come home in June. The next few months will be torture. Write me as often as you can. I don’t mean to sound desperate, but I kind of am. All this dormitory type living and male camaraderie gets old. When I come home, can you make me some more chocolate chip cookies? 
I should probably sign off and get some sleep. It’s pretty late at night here. Take care of yourself, Alisa, and sweet dreams.
~Bryce

I decided I should go ahead and write back. If it was only seven o’clock here, and it was really late there, he must be… I didn’t know. Somewhere far away. I sighed and thought for a few minutes about what I should say. 
My cell phone rang, startling me. I looked at the caller ID. Jace. I’ll have to call him back, I thought, turning back to my computer screen.

Bryce,
Of course I’ll write as often as I can. Fortunately for you, I have no life, so I have ample free time. Even if I were extremely busy, I would make time to email you. Are you able to get instant messages where you are? I can’t IM or email from my phone because it’s an ancient piece of crap, but I can IM from my computer.
I’m sorry you’re having such a difficult time. I worry about you. I’m certain your parents would support you in whatever you decide, should you choose to come home. If there is anything I can do to help you, please let me know. 
On a more positive note, I have an appointment to take my driver’s test this Saturday. If I pass, I will have in my possession state issued identification which will enable me to prove my age in the event that someone should decide to mislead others into thinking I am only fourteen. Oh, and I will also be able to legally operate a motor vehicle without an adult present. That’s pretty cool too. When you come home, I can take you for a spin, if you dare. See, that gives us both something to look forward to.
~Alisa
P.S. Chocolate chip cookies are a done deal.

Yawning, I shut down my computer, grabbed my phone, and collapsed in bed. I quickly returned Jace’s phone call, pleading exhaustion as my excuse for cutting our conversation short. In truth, I had two reasons for not wanting to talk to Jace. The first reason was I didn’t trust myself not to let it slip that Bryce and I were communicating. The second reason was I wanted to lie down in the dark and think about this new development in the unpredictability of my life. I fell asleep fairly quickly considering the fact that I had a great deal to agonize about.  
The next morning, I actually sprang from bed the first time my alarm sounded. I showered while my computer woke up. As soon as I pulled on sweats and towel dried my hair, I opened my email.

Alisa,
Waiting for your messages has been the only bright spot in my life since I’ve been back at WTB. No, I can’t send instant messages from here. Security is tight. It’s actually the first year they’ve allowed WTB students to have email access, so I consider myself lucky. 
I look forward to getting into a car with you behind the wheel. It’s not that I have a death wish. I just have a thirst for adventure. As for your state issued identification proving your age, I won’t let any guys get close enough to you for it to become necessary. Sorry to disappoint you. 
I’m not quite ready to bail on training and come home.  Adversity builds character, my dad always says, so I guess when I come home in June I’ll be full of it. Character, I mean. There’s a lot to live up to here. My dad trained here, then Royce. I’m afraid I’m not living up to my instructors’ expectations. I just need to work a little harder. 
How is your training coming along? Jace isn’t much of a sparring partner. He gets distracted too easily. His speed will be something to be reckoned with if he ever learns to control it. I hate to admit it, but at his best, he is faster than I am. 
One thing I forgot to tell you before I left to come here—you don’t need magic to be special. I know you think less of yourself because you don’t have magic, but don’t. There’s something about you that’s way beyond average. My mom sees it and so do I. 
Have a good day at school, Alisa.  
~Bryce
 
My face heated as I re-read the part where he said he wouldn’t let any guys get close to me. His words sent shivers through me, but he was probably just joking around. Wasn’t he?
I shot off a quick email before finishing my morning routine. Since I didn’t fix my hair or wear makeup, getting ready wasn’t too time consuming. Jace had a dentist appointment that morning, so I had to rely on my mom for a ride. When I finally made my way downstairs, Mom was waiting impatiently. My dad was long gone before my alarm even went off. Mom, although she would never admit it, was perpetually running behind. Like me, she messed around until the last minute, and then became irritated when she discovered she was late.  
“Alisa, what are you wearing?” she barked at me.
“Um, sweats?” I tugged at the hem of my hoodie. She narrowed her eyes before turning away and heading out the door toward her car. I tripped over the curb, righting myself before dropping all my books. My mom sighed deeply as we drove away. I knew what she was thinking: too bad I’m not more like my cousin Becky.
She saw me as an uncoordinated, unsophisticated lump. If she could see me in Abe’s training studio, she wouldn’t even recognize me. Around the Alexanders I was, for the most part, graceful, confident—everything she wanted me to be. When I was with her, I reverted back to the old Alisa. The socially inept, clumsy, scatter-brained girl she was accustomed to living with.  
Even Jace was shocked by the way I reacted to my mother. When he came to my house for dinner over Winter Break, my mother was ridiculous in the way she overdid things. So anxious to please him, it was as if she wasn’t confident in my ability to keep him as a friend. She tried to make up for my shortcomings, as she viewed them, by initiating conversation, complimenting him, and eventually apologizing for my faults. The more she talked, the more I tripped over my words. The more she tried to act the part of the gracious hostess, the more I faded into the background.
My dad was no better, but at least he made it through dinner without making an idiot out of himself. He tried to carry on a conversation with Jace, but was stumped when he discovered Jace didn’t play football, or even know much about it. Poor Daddy. With my inability to catch a man, he may never have the son-in-law he’s always wanted.  
To make a long and painful story short, the evening was a disaster. I hoped my mom learned a valuable lesson and would refrain from trying to accelerate my friendships in the future. For sure, Jace learned an important lesson. He would never accept a dinner invitation to my house again unless I was the one initiating it. And that would never happen.  
***
The school day threatened to be even more atrocious than the day before. There were already students milling around in the hallways when I arrived. I despised entering a half-full classroom and having to walk in front of everyone. Feeling awkward and hideous in my slovenly sweats, I had barely seated myself when I heard the most horrifying sound imaginable.
“Who’s the new boy?” Becky shrieked. “Oh, I’m sorry, Alisa. With your scraggly hair and boy clothes I thought you were one of those foreign refuges…” She giggled maliciously, her fans eager to join in.
“That’s okay, Becky. Don’t worry about it. Common mistake. I mean, it could happen to anyone, right? The last time I ran into you at Carol’s House of Beauty right before you got your lip waxed, I totally thought you were a man. Actually,” I said, squinting, “you may be due for another appointment.” Laughter rang out across the classroom, the loudest, of course, coming from Rachel.
Becky was livid and I knew she would never let me live this one down. She would take swift and brutal retaliatory measures. She wouldn’t waste her time trying to embarrass me in front of the rest of the school. That was pointless. I feared she would go after the people I cared about and would try to ruin my friendship with Jace and Rachel. I spent the entire class mired in apprehension.  
Rachel caught me in the hall before second period. “Hey, don’t worry about Becky. We’ll stay one step ahead of her in whatever she plans. Right now, the only thing she’ll do is say something to your aunt and try to get you in trouble with your mom.” 
I gave her a weird look, not quite certain how she came by her information, but suspecting. 
“I have my ways. I won’t let her mess with my friend.” She patted me on the shoulder, smiled, and then turned and headed down the hall to her second period class.
I stared after Rachel, barely able to speak. Having endured a lonely existence all through middle and high school, I was now fortunate enough to have two very loyal friends—Jace, the guy I’d once hoped to marry, and Rachel, my cousin’s former best friend. My gaze followed Rachel as she progressed down the hallway. She paused in front of Becky and held up her cell-phone. I could hear her saying, “click, click,” from down the hallway. I wondered what that was all about.
As the day progressed, people watched me with new interest. Some looks expressed admiration for my bravery at standing up to Becky. Other people, I suspected, merely looked at me out of curiosity, like one looks at a horrific car crash. 
On the way home, Jace laughed and congratulated me on taking Becky down. “Seriously, Alisa,” Jace said in a more serious tone. “I’m proud of you for standing up to her. I know that’s huge for you. And don’t worry about her trying to get even with you. Rachel and I will protect you.”
I told him I would call him later and ran into my house. Before I could do homework, have a snack, or do anything else, I had to check my email. I hoped I wouldn’t turn into one of those internet junkies you see on talk shows who spends nineteen hours a day logged on to social networking sites, eating cold ravioli out of a can while sitting in front of the computer. While waiting for the computer to start up, I changed my clothes. With shaking hands, I clicked on the latest email from Bryce.

Alisa,
It’s been another cold, exhausting day. In case you were wondering… yes, Hell really does freeze over. I know because I am there and it is numbingly cold. I’m looking forward to another summer in the hot Georgia sun, and right now that seems eons away. I spend a lot of time fantasizing about less dangerous jobs like race car driving or firefighting. 
How about you? What do you dream about doing?
I often wonder what Jace will decide to do. To the best of my knowledge, he has no immediate goals for college or any sort of career when he graduates. Maybe you know him better than I do these days. We were never close and any interaction between us has been confined to arguments. We’re both very competitive, in case you hadn’t noticed.
 When I come home, I’ll try to be a good boy and get along with him. I thought letting him use my truck was a nice gesture, although I hope it is as much to your benefit as it is his. I don’t like the idea of you walking home from school. I gotta go. I’ll write you later.
Miss you,
Bryce

He missed me? Bryce missed me. Chills wracked my body. What should I write? I sat for a while, trying to come up with a clever and humorous response. It was difficult after the day I’d had. 
I still felt anxious about Becky, my first cousin and sworn enemy. Family wasn’t supposed to be like this. In a perfect world, the two of us would be inseparable, sharing secrets and having sleepovers. I could never understand why she hated me so. I’d spent my whole life comparing myself to her and wondering why I wasn’t good enough for her to like me. I think I’d finally come to the realization that she was the problem.
I typed out an extended email to Bryce, hopefully something that would raise his spirits. I couldn’t imagine the dangers he faced in warrior training. Did they track Hunters and Demons, or was the training confined to the classrooms at WTB? I thought about asking him, but I didn’t want to bring up unpleasant topics. 
It worried me that he sounded so downtrodden. I’d gotten the impression he wasn’t sharing his thoughts and concerns with his parents. As soon as I hit the send button on my latest email, I heard my dad’s truck pull into the driveway. Time to get serious about finishing my homework.  
Around five, I clomped down the stairs, said hi to my dad, and tackled dinner. I tried to help out in the kitchen when I could. After all, I was the only member of the household who didn’t work. My life was easy, as my mom constantly pointed out. Apparently, I was supposed to be experiencing the best years of my life. If that were the case, I was surely headed for disappointment and unhappiness going forward.
I could tell my mom was in a foul mood the second she walked in the door. The way she shut the door a little harder than usual, her clipped, brisk walk across the hardwood floor, her brief hello to my dad as she headed toward the kitchen, were bad omens indeed. I knew instinctively that her anger would be directed toward me and longed for days past when I was simply a quiet disappointment. I started shaking when she came into the kitchen.
“I just spoke with your Aunt Leanne,” Mom bit out. “Apparently, Becky is inconsolable. Leanne said you insulted and embarrassed your cousin in front of the whole school. Becky is so upset she won’t stop crying. I’ve never heard Leanne sound so angry. How could you do such a thing to your own cousin?”
To my horror, I started crying before I could even begin to defend myself. Tears of anger spilled down my cheeks, and before I knew it, I was gasping for air. I couldn’t believe the unfairness of the whole situation. After everything Becky had done to me, I was the one getting in trouble.
“I told you she hated me,” I choked out. “She’s lying. She said something to me first, and I insulted her back…” I was doubled over from the intensity of my sobs, and my mom just stood there watching me.
“I don’t believe…” Her words were cut off abruptly when Daddy walked into the kitchen.  
Looking thunderous, he declared, “Jan, that’s enough. Whose side are you on here? Are you gonna believe that conniving little niece of yours over your own daughter?” He said this in his usual slow, southern drawl. He would never raise his voice to a lady, but I could tell how angry he was nonetheless.
“Now, everyone needs to calm down. Alisa, you didn’t do anything wrong, so don’t worry about it. Becky got what was coming, and if she’s upset, then I say that’s her problem. Jan, why don’t you go upstairs and take a hot bath? You can call Leanne later and straighten things out.  But if I find out you apologized to her over any of this, I’m going over there myself.” Daddy gave me a big hug and kissed me on the cheek. “This food can wait until tomorrow, Alisa. Cover it and put it in the fridge. You can drive me over to Lakeview. You need to log some more driving hours before Saturday.”
I stored the uneaten dinner without looking at my mom. I was afraid to make eye contact. “Your father’s right,” she said softly. “I’m sorry, Alisa. It wasn’t fair for me to attack you without even getting your side of the story. You’re my daughter and I’m always on your side.” She hugged me as I started crying again. “I’ll finish up in here. You’d better go with your dad before he gets involved in one of his games.”
***
When I received my beautiful, laminated driver’s license that Saturday, I was ecstatic. For some reason, I couldn’t wait to tell Bryce. Even before I called Jace, I ran upstairs to my computer and sent Bryce a celebratory email.  
My mom let me use her car the rest of the day, so I spent my time driving around town, past the farms, feeling independent and invincible. Every moment I was away from home, a little piece of me wished I were in my bedroom in front of the computer, waiting for Bryce’s next email.
Chapter Eighteen
Rachel

I spent four weeks listening to the thoughts in Becky’s head and it was enough to drive a person straight to the loony bin. The first time I listened in on her thoughts, I actually had to pull back and take one of my migraine pills. Her mind was so full of bitterness and hatred, I couldn’t believe I’d never realized before what a horrible person she was. Inside her wholesome, All-American, cheerleading shell, lurked the soul of a sociopath.
Becky only had two types of thoughts: those about herself and those against others. Seventy percent of what I found in her depraved little mind centered on clothes, hair, and herself. The other thirty percent involved which girl was getting too full of herself and needed a reality check. Or which guy was getting too focused on his girlfriend and needed some distraction from Becky. I was shocked to discover how much plotting and scheming went on inside a brain I’d always assumed was virtually empty.
As Alisa had been pre-warned about Becky’s initial attack, a juvenile attempt to turn her own mother against her, she was able to not only survive, but to come out ahead. Although Becky’s plot did not exactly backfire, my nemesis was almost forced to realize the world did not revolve around her. Manipulations are no match for a parent’s love for their own child.
Becky, as expected, set out to systematically ruin Alisa’s reputation. Alisa didn’t really have any friends other than me and Jace, which rendered that plan utterly pointless. She spread rumors that Alisa and Jace were messing around behind my back. Other than giving the haters something to talk about for a few days, this accomplished nothing. Trying to damage the friendship between the three of us may have worked if one of the intended victims didn’t read minds. Becky was completely frustrated and enraged by her inability to hurt Alisa. She even considered physically attacking her cousin, assuming that Alisa was weaker and destined to lose. I almost wished she would try it. Alisa’s dedication to Abe’s training guaranteed she would wipe the floor with her cousin. Becky, of course, didn’t consider this idea for very long. A master manipulator, she preferred a less direct attack.
I filled Jace and Alisa in on Becky’s vengeful thoughts, no longer caring if they knew my secret. If Alisa worried about me reading her mind, she never brought it up. I thought about the pictures of Becky I’d been saving in my cell phone—those could ruin her. But the idea of causing harm to another human being sent shards of pain through my skull. My developing Empathy made it impossible for me to cause physical or emotional harm to another person. Too bad.
Jace wanted to use Becky’s mind against her, to pick out her secrets and mastermind a plot to destroy her. Or use Persuasion to get her to do something humiliating and out of character. I forbade him to act against her in that way.
“Look, there has to be rules,” I tried to explain to Jace, while Alisa listened silently. “This is all new to me and I’m making it up as I go, but some moral law must govern how I use my abilities. I don’t want to start a slippery slide down the path of evil.”
“Becky already is evil. You have to fight fire with fire,” he argued.
“That’s great for Becky, but I don’t want to be evil. I don’t listen in on someone else’s thoughts without their permission.” I felt a little guilty saying this in such a sanctimonious manner since I’d done just that on a few occasions. “I made an exception in this case because it’s to protect a friend. If it’s a choice between protecting someone I care about and sticking to my own made up rules, I’m always going to choose the first option. I will not, however, sift through her brain at will, pulling out her secrets and using them against her. And I certainly won’t try to plant ideas in her head, even though I would probably be doing the world a favor.”
“How does that work? I mean getting thoughts out of someone’s head?” Alisa interrupted before Jace and I could continue our argument. She seemed curious, but fearful as well. Maybe there was something in her mind she didn’t want me to see.
“Well, at first when I looked inside someone’s head, I picked up random thoughts, stuff I really didn’t want to hear. Now I push a question into Becky’s head and that enables me to focus on what I want to know. I can filter out things I don’t want to know about, or things that are none of my business. I guess none of it’s my business, but you see what I mean. I basically zero in on any thoughts that have to do with you and try to block out sleazy thoughts about Justin or her incessant worries about clothes.” 
I asked Jace silently if I could explain to Alisa how our link worked. He gave me the go ahead, so I went on with my explanation. I figured it would be good practice, seeing as how I would need to spill my guts to Jerica sometime real soon. She needed to know what she was dealing with before she could train me properly. At least that was what Jace kept telling me.
“It’s different with me and Jace. We have a connection between us that allows us to speak back and forth with no effort whatsoever. We have conversations in our minds the same way people speak out loud. We don’t dig through each other’s minds at will, although I guess we could. I ask him a question or make a comment, and he responds. It works that way whether we’re in the same room or miles apart.”
“Can you do that with Jerica and Abe?” Alisa asked. “The mind communication, I mean.”
“No, I can only communicate with Jace. We’ve never talked to Abe and Jerica about our mind reading, but I’m sure Jerica suspects. I have to come clean with them soon. I’m already starting to feel panicked about putting off my training for so long.” That was true. What Jerica said to me hit home. I could be endangering Jace by leaving myself unprotected. I didn’t want to put him in the position of having to defend me. “I’m thinking of talking to Jerica on Saturday, and I’d like you and Jace to be there for moral support.”
“My mom isn’t that scary,” Jace said, exasperated.
“Really, Jace? Because you’ve been holding out too. I wonder what she’ll say about that.” A look of panic flickered across his face as he realized for the first time that he would be in deeper trouble than I would.  
***
During those long days of mentally stalking Becky, not only had I neglected to begin training with the Alexanders, but I’d also failed to keep myself in shape. I’d gained ten pounds over the holidays and hadn’t exercised since cheerleading ended in the fall. I enjoyed hanging out with Jace, watching movies, and holding hands, and it was beginning to show on my backside. I wasn’t a vain person, honestly. But softball season was coming up in a few weeks, and I didn’t think I’d be able to run the bases without getting out of breath. And besides, training with Abe would require a certain level of physical fitness. It was time to get in shape.
I called Alisa on Friday evening and told her about my plan to wake up at the crack of dawn to go running. I asked her if she would be interested in joining me. To my surprise, she agreed, asking if I thought it would be a good idea for her to try out for softball as well. I wholeheartedly encouraged her to do so. It was high time she put herself out there and started displaying some confidence.  
Jace’s response wasn’t quite so positive. He said he wasn’t doing anything that interrupted his sleep. He also reminded me he hadn’t gained any weight over the holidays. In contrast, he’d actually hit a growth spurt and seemed to build muscle effortlessly. This was not what I’d wanted to hear. I put up a block, abruptly ending our mental conversation, set my alarm, and went to sleep.
***
Re’Vel called to me in my dreams, begging me to come to him. Following his voice into the forest clearing, I ran to his side the moment I saw him. My heart leapt with joy to be near him once again.
“If you stay with me, you can live forever. I’ll make you my Queen.”
My laughter floated along the breeze, teasing him as I spun away just beyond his reach. “We’ll always be together in my dreams. Every time I fall asleep, I’ll be waiting for you to find me.”
“It isn’t enough. I want you all the time,” he insisted. 
“Then come and get me,” I taunted, flittering so close to him, the silken hem of my nightgown grazed his long legs. 
“I’ll be there before you know it. Tell the Alexanders to teach you Transport so we can travel together,” he said.
“I don’t know what that is.” I frowned and stopped my joyful spinning.
“The ability to move distances great or small in the fraction of a second. You have the power, but not the training. The Alexanders hold you back,” he claimed. “Only I can help you. It is I who protects your home. My spells keep you safe.”
“But Jerica’s been trying to help…”
“You see how they lie to you to keep you in line? They aren’t doing all they can to protect you. And the older boy is dangerous. I don’t trust him near you. He’s brought a known Shifter into his home. Bryce isn’t far from following the dark path,” Re’Vel said, placing his arm around my waist.
“But the Alexanders are my friends…”
“I’m your only friend,” he said, holding me tenderly. 
A burst of discordant music ripped me from his arms.
I sat up in bed and turned off my alarm clock, feeling disoriented at finding myself in my bedroom instead of in the forest. Although I’d considered going back to sleep and searching for Re’Vel in my dreams, I reluctantly stumbled out of bed. Alisa and I had plans and I didn’t want to disappoint her. 
Alisa’s eyes were puffy when I picked her up. She was clearly not a morning person and looked like a bag lady in her saggy sweats and grass stained tennis shoes. She seemed way less excited that morning than she did when we’d made our plans the night before. We planned to drive over to the school and run the track—that way we could record exactly how many miles we ran and could build from there.
The mid-February morning was cold and damp from a light drizzle the night before. Our tennis shoes were already soaked from our short cut through the grass. We stretched for several minutes before walking once around the track. As we started around the second time, we jogged lightly, then finally began running on the third pass. Alisa was slightly ahead of me as we passed the section of track that bordered the thick, dark woods. 
Without warning, a man shot out from the thick trees, knocking Alisa sideways. She stumbled and fell hard on one knee. The attacker started toward me and I swerved to avoid his grasp. 
“Don’t let him touch you,” Alisa screamed.
The Hunter and I faced each other. Alisa came up from behind him and launched her body full force into the back of his knees, startling him and knocking him to the ground. “Run, Rachel,” Alisa screamed again. “Listen to my thoughts.”
I immediately focused in on her pleading message. “The Hunter won’t hurt me, but he will hurt you. He can kill you just by touching you. Let me try to distract him long enough for you to make it to your car. As soon as he realizes you’re running, he’ll come after you, so don’t look back to see if I’m okay. Now, go.”
I hesitated long enough for the Hunter to get back on his feet. Alisa was right. She was like an annoying fly buzzing around his head for all the attention he paid her. His red eyes focused on me, and only me.
“Jace,” I screamed through our link. “We’re being attacked. Help us.”
“Where?” Jace demanded.
“The school,” I shouted back, once again focused on Alisa. She leapt onto the Hunter’s back, her fingernails clawing at his eyes. He howled. I started to run toward the parking lot. If I could just get to the car, I could run him over. I sprinted toward the pavement, Jace screaming in my head the whole time. He and Abe were on their way. 
“Try to keep running. Don’t let him touch you no matter what,” Jace warned.
I refocused on Alisa’s thoughts. “Rachel, keep going. Don’t stop. I’m fine.” 
As I reached the car, I turned to face the track. I threw myself into the car and pushed the button to lock all the doors. The Hunter wasn’t on the track anymore. He was just a few feet away from the car as I turned the key. Alisa was running after him, still trying to keep him from me. As the Hunter reached the driver’s side door, I threw the car into reverse. I couldn’t risk hitting Alisa by putting the car in drive, so I decided to lure him away from her. I reversed slowly, speeding up as he reached the car, then slowing down just long enough to keep him in pursuit.
The Hunter’s angry howls rattled the car windows. No horror movie character ever conceived made such a monstrous and blood-curdling sound. 
“We’re almost there,” Jace shouted in my head.
“Hurry.”  The Hunter turned away from me and started walking back toward Alisa. Too late, I realized this seemingly mindless creature was smarter than I’d thought. Ruled by hunger perhaps, but not too stupid to try to get me to follow him in order to save my friend. Smart enough to know that’s exactly what I would do to help the person who had tried so hard to protect me. I stopped the car and opened the door.
“Rachel? What the hell are you doing?” Alisa yelled.
“Hey, over here,” I shouted at the Hunter. He looked at me and continued toward Alisa. Clearly, he meant to lure me away from my car. Alisa crouched down low and waited for the attack. The Hunter ran toward her. There was no way she could survive a collision with the huge monster. He was at least a foot taller than her and had to outweigh her by two-hundred pounds.
I staggered in shock when Abe instantly appeared between Alisa and the Hunter. He clutched something in his hand, and when the Hunter crumpled to the ground with a river of red pouring from a wound in his chest, I realized Abe had stabbed the creature. 
The sound of a car engine and squealing tires screeched across the parking lot only a moment later. Jace drove across the pavement and through the grass, stopping a few feet away from me. He leapt from the car and ran to me, scooping me up in his arms as I cried against his chest.
Abe asked, “Alisa, are you okay?”
“I’m fine. He barely touched me.”
“Take the girls to the car,” Abe shouted to Jace. “Your mom will be here in a minute.”
“Is he dead?” I whispered.
“Probably. Dad will make sure he is,” Jace replied. He stroked my hair and I clung to him, enjoying the feel of his strong arms around me. “I’m so sorry, baby. I should have come with you this morning. I’ll never let something like this happen again.” He gently placed me in the passenger side of my car.
When Alisa reached us, Jace grabbed her in a hug that seemed to go on forever. “Are you okay? Did he hurt you?”
“Just a bruise on my knee, maybe. Jace, I’m fine. Go help your dad.” Alisa seemed embarrassed by Jace’s tearful display.
I watched through the passenger side window as Abe inspected the body of the Hunter. Abe lifted him by his feet and dragged him into the woods with one hand. The expression on his face was grim. Jerica’s car pulled up as Abe returned to the parking lot. She was near hysteria.
“We need to leave, Jerica,” Abe announced. “We’ll talk at the house.”
Jerica cooked breakfast while the rest of us cleaned ourselves up. Alisa was covered in mud and had to borrow a jogging suit from Jerica. We gathered at the kitchen table for breakfast, all of us speaking as little as possible. Abe seemed angry, cold. He was the first to break the silence.
“What the hell happened?” he asked, turning to me. “Why weren’t you wearing your necklace?” Abe’s voice was loud and intimidating.
“I am wearing it,” I stammered, reaching under the neckline of my shirt to show Abe the pendant.
“Abe,” Jerica cautioned. 
“Dad, don’t yell at them,” Jace broke in protectively. “They were just jogging. People should be able to go for a run without being attacked. It isn’t Rachel’s fault.”
“Rachel isn’t like everyone else. She needs protection, and the necklace she wears is only part of that protection.” Abe’s voice was softer, but still firm. “I’m not mad at you, dear. And I’m sorry I accused you of leaving your necklace behind. You’re not used to living the way we are. You’re not used to having to worry about Hunters. But I’m going to be honest—you two girls could have been killed. It’s as simple as that. The protection your necklace provides is limited. If you’re not going to agree to let us provide a Protector—or at the very least, train with Jerica so you can learn to mask your magic—there’s not much we can do to protect you.”
“Fortunately, you were able to get in touch with Jace and he was able to call me for help. If Jace hadn’t been able to contact me, if he’d been forced to come alone, he could have been killed too. With his lack of training combined with yours, you and Jace are a tragedy waiting to happen.” Abe wasn’t mincing words and Jerica was letting him have his say.
“Sorry, Dad,” Jace mumbled. “I’m going to train hardcore. I swear.”
“Yes, you will,” Abe snapped. “You know me. I’m all for having fun and enjoying life. But now it’s time to get serious. How long has this communication between the two of you been going on?”
May as well put it all out there. No more secrets. “Since November. We were able to communicate even while I was in Atlanta. Jace’s ability is limited to reading my thoughts. I can get into nearly anyone’s. We are both able to use Persuasion.”
“In what way?” Abe asked, sounding concerned.
“We can persuade people to do what we want them to do. It isn’t something we’ve tried very often and I’m not sure how effective it is. I got out of a speeding ticket a couple of times, and Jace got out of taking a quiz.” I felt so petty and shameful admitting that I’d used God-given talents in such a way. I was scared to look at Jerica, afraid I’d see disappointment in her eyes.
“That’s a very dangerous thing to do,” Abe said. “Not only for the people you’re trying to influence, but dangerous for yourselves as well. Anytime you mess around inside someone else’s head, you are taking a serious risk.”
Jerica broke in with a question of her own, and I was once again impressed by her perception. “You said you could get into nearly anyone’s head? Who is the exception?” 
“My brother, Jeffrey. In fact, the block on his thoughts was so powerful, it almost knocked me out. Literally. It took every ounce of will I possessed just to keep myself from passing out,” I said.
“That’s because of the tattoo. His magic is blocked, so it’s inaccessible to all but the one whose Mark he bears,” Jerica explained. 
I thought about mentioning Bryce. I’d tried to get into his head back in December, but most of his thoughts were clouded by anger and unhappiness. I was pretty sure he wasn’t Demon Marked, but I couldn’t penetrate his mind. Of course, I couldn’t very well ask his parents to explain this.
Abe sighed. “Look, I didn’t mean to get so upset, but if we are going to keep everyone safe, we need to agree there can be no more secrets. That goes for Jerica and me as well. There are some things you need to know, Rachel. Maybe if we’d been a little more forthcoming, you would have been more careful.”
Everyone looked visibly relieved over our agreement to be totally open and honest with each other—everyone except Alisa. I could tell she had a secret, one which she was unwilling to reveal. I decided to talk to her later and give her a chance to explain what she was holding back. If that didn’t work, I vowed I would take matters into my own hands. I would use my gift to find out if what she was withholding could threaten the family in any way. Wasn’t it odd that I now felt like I was part of this family?
Abe insisted Alisa and I phone home and make sure it was okay to stay over for a while.  He said he had a lot to tell me and would need a couple of hours of uninterrupted time to do so. My mother was irritated I’d stayed out so long and hadn’t yet finished my weekend chores. I begged and promised her the moon. She relented after a couple of minutes, mostly, I think, because she had to leave to go over to the church and didn’t want to waste anymore time listening to me whine.
After clearing the table and tidying up the kitchen, Abe and Jerica spent the next two hours answering all my questions in great detail. I learned that Hunters were traditionally created by Demons to serve as a sort of Army. Most Hunters had since broken from their ancient allegiance with their Demon sires and they run free, stealing magic anywhere they can find it. When they can’t find a Spellbringer to feed from, they siphon energy from regular humans.
“Like vampires?” I asked Jerica.
“Not exactly. Well, maybe in a sense. They can steal energy from a human without ever touching them. The human is usually unaware of the encounter and just thinks they’re coming down with a flu or virus. They’re back to normal in a few days.”
“So they’re like psychic vampires,” Alisa said.
“That’s a good way to put it, I suppose.” 
“It’s really bizarre to think there are magical creatures roaming around right under our noses,” Alisa said. “How do Hunters find clothes? Or food to eat? Do they eat food? Where do they sleep at night?”
Jerica chuckled. “You have to understand that most Hunters are hundreds of years old. Most were fathered by a Demon and mothered by a human or Spellbringer.”
“That’s gross,” I said. “Do they grow up like a regular kid? What makes them the way they are?”
“Hunters were never normal. At birth, they’re small and human-like, but no one could ever mistake them for human,” Abe said.
“Yeah, the glowing red eyes and creepy-ass growl probably gives it away,” Jace said, laughing.
“Hunters aren’t nearly as mindless as some Spellbringers would like to believe. They’re ruled by hunger and instinct, but they can be very cunning,” Abe said.
“I think we witnessed a little bit of that today.” I shuddered in remembrance.
Jerica cut in. “Like I said, most Hunters are ancient. They were trained by their Demon sire and taught everything they needed to know for survival. To get back to Alisa’s question, Hunters are smart enough to find clothing and food. They’re like animals, so they sleep in the woods or in the middle of a field. In cities, they’re probably mistaken for homeless people. Hunters will feed on rats, mice, squirrels, rabbits—anything they can find—and they aren’t particular about cooking their food before they eat it. Hunters aren’t susceptible to heat or freezing temperatures, so they are very adaptable. Basically they roam the earth in search of magic.”
“What exactly is a Spellbringer?” I asked. “If Hunters are created from Demons, how were we created?”
“We’re descendants of an ancient group of people known as the Fae. Demons are an offshoot of the Fae…”
“Sort of like Fae gone bad,” Jace interrupted.
Jerica rolled her eyes at her son’s bad joke and continued. “Demons willfully chose a path of darkness. They broke away from the Fae long ago. Few remember—or care to admit—that there is little difference between our ancestors and the Demons who are our enemies. Long ago, the Fae began to mate with humans, and Spellbringers came to be. The Fae died out, or perhaps went into hiding thousands of years ago, and now only Demons, Hunters, and Spellbringers remain.”
“So, this is it? I mean, there aren’t any fairies or gnomes…” I trailed off feeling like an idiot.
“To the best of my knowledge, we are the only magical races who remain,” Jerica replied. To my great relief, she wasn’t laughing at me.
“Does that mean there used to be fairies?” Alisa asked, sounding cautiously excited.
“There are stories,” Abe said. “I believe humans have their own myths and legends too.”
“True,” she agreed.
The room fell silent and I thought about what I’d just heard. Everything Abe and Jerica told me made sense on some deep, psychic level. Perhaps it was good that Abe and Jerica waited a while to tell me all of this because I don’t think I would have believed any of it at first.
“Are Hunters immortal?” Alisa asked.
“No, but they do lead long, long lives. Demons are very close to being immortal. They age very slowly. It takes thousands of years for them to age five human years.”
“If we’re descendents of the Fae, why aren’t we immortal?” I asked.
“Because over time, our race has intermarried with humans,” Jerica replied. “Would you really want to live forever? Forever is a long time.” 
It made me feel more connected to the world we lived in to know I had an expiration date just like everyone else. I didn’t want to be too different.
“What exactly is the role of a Watcher or Warrior?” I asked, trying to grasp the hierarchy of this organization of magical people.
“I am a First Watcher,” Jerica explained, her pride evident in the way she sat up just a little straighter. “I supervise other Spellbringers in the area and report any troubling findings to Central Headquarters. My Watchers cover a certain area, looking for Hunters, Shifters, and Innocents.”
Jerica continued. “Abe trained as a Warrior—just like Bryce is doing now. A Warrior’s job is to eliminate Hunters and Demons. It is a dangerous job, and not for everyone.” She paused for a moment, and I knew she was thinking about Royce, her oldest son who died in a training accident. “Not only is it a path you choose with care, but one which is handed down from generation to generation. Abe gave it up when he married me and became my Protector.”
“Is that how he killed that Hunter so easily?” I asked, trembling at the memory of the attack that happened just a few hours before.
“Yes,” Abe replied. “Jerica contacted Central, and a group of Warriors are headed into town to dispose of the body.”
“Are they staying here, Dad?” Jace asked. His excitement revealed a deep fascination with those who shared his birthright.
“No. If something goes wrong, their trail would lead back to this family, and we can’t risk that happening.” Abe’s confidence was reassuring. I imagined that he had a lot of experience in such matters before marrying Jerica.
We had been talking so long, my muscles ached from lack of use. I was grateful when Abe and Jerica came to a stopping point and allowed us to get up and stretch. Jace begged me to stay, but I declined. I’d made a promise to my mother and I intended to keep it.
Abe insisted on following me home just to make sure I made it safely. He watched as I let myself inside before pulling out of the driveway. I quickly completed all of my weekend chores, but not too quickly. Mama could spot a rush job from a mile away. Those domestic tasks completed, I headed upstairs to shower. As I rinsed off the residue of my crazy day, I began shaking uncontrollably. 
Shock from the attack finally wore off and terror took over. I exited the shower and dried quickly. After dressing in multiple layers of clothes, I snuggled under the covers of my bed, shivering until I fell asleep.
Chapter Nineteen
Alisa

After Rachel left, I lingered at Jace’s house, too keyed up to go home.  The Alexanders were so full of life, and even in the midst of a crisis such as the one we had just experienced, they still enjoyed each other’s company. I appreciated the way they included me in almost everything.
Jace was being extra nice, fawning over me in his gratitude for saving Rachel’s life. Abe asked me for a play-by-play account of my battle with the Hunter. He chuckled with pride when I described how I’d landed the first blow. Jerica raised her eyes to heaven, hand on her heart, as she realized just how close Rachel had come to being killed.
“Thank goodness you were there, Alisa. If she’d been alone…” Jerica trailed off.
“You’re an amazing young woman,” Abe said. “You singlehandedly took on a Hunter. I don’t know how you distracted him long enough for us to get there.”
“I didn’t,” I said, eager to explain how Rachel had been willing to sacrifice herself for me. I gave the Alexanders a quick recap of the attack. “I never would have made it if it hadn’t been for Rachel. I mean, you saw how gigantic he was. I couldn’t have held him off for long on my own.”
“You’re a real hero,” Abe insisted. “Don’t downplay what you did.”
“But I…” I stammered, blushing.
“Can’t you just take a compliment?” Jace asked. “I feel like a complete ass. Rachel asked me to come along and I laughed at her. I chose to sleep in instead, and my selfishness could have killed you both.”
“You had no way of knowing what would happen,” Jerica said. “From now on, we need to watch out for each other. The link between you and Rachel was invaluable, Jace. You helped save her life.”
“Wait until Bryce hears about this,” Abe said. “There he is, training for the second year in a row, and he hasn’t faced a Hunter yet. You’ve faced two and lived to tell about it. I ought to send him an email tonight and tell him what happened. I wonder how long it will take for news of the attack to make its way to the training quarters. He may have already heard.”
“They hear about every attack?” Jace asked.
“No. Just the ones where Warriors are called,” Abe said.
Sensing an opening, I asked, “How often do you talk to Bryce? Does he call or email often?” I hoped I sounded ultra-casual.
“I send an email about once a week. He responds, but his messages are short and sweet. He never initiates contact. He’s never been one to communicate.” Jerica turned to her husband. “Abe, you’d better send him an email. If he’s already heard about the request for reinforcements to our area, he’ll be worried sick.”
Abe rushed to do Jerica’s bidding, pausing to kiss his wife on the cheek. She blinked back tears and reached out to pat my hand. Her emotions seemed very close to the surface.
I was overcome with emotion as well, but of a different sort. I hadn’t decided whether or not to mention the attack when I emailed Bryce later. As much as I wanted to tell him about it, I didn’t want to worry him when he was so far away from home. It never occurred to me that he would hear about it from other sources.
I suddenly felt very anxious. I didn’t send an email that morning before I left. Over the last several weeks, our correspondence had escalated to the point where we sent a dozen emails a day. If he’d already heard about the attack, he would be beside himself with worry, especially since he hadn’t heard from me all day.
The other emotion that threatened to overcome me was confusion. Bryce never initiated contact with his own parents, yet he deliberately sought me out and sent me increasingly long and detailed messages. Could it be that he’d meant what he said in his first email? That he wished he would have waited to kiss me until I felt the same way about him? I knew he saw me as a friend—he told me, even going as far as to say he hoped I had room in my heart for more than one best friend. I trembled just thinking about the idea that Bryce and I could be more than that.
Ever since the night Bryce kissed me, my fantasy life had come to an abrupt and life-changing halt. At first, I resented the way his image kept haunting my waking fantasies, and stopped them before they could ripen. As my feelings toward Bryce began to change, I resisted daydreaming for a different reason. My fantasies had always resulted in the same outcome—nothing. One hard and fast rule applied to everything I daydreamed about: nothing I fantasized about ever came true.
As my feelings toward Bryce blossomed into longing and desire, I didn’t want to tempt fate by concocting ridiculous fantasies about him. I didn’t want to jinx any potential relationship. My dreams, however, were beyond my control. I drifted off to sleep thinking benign thoughts about Bryce combined with prayers for his safety. My dreams were not so benign, and my cheeks flamed just thinking about it.
“Are you okay, Alisa?” Jerica asked, brow creasing. “You look a little flushed. Are you sure you didn’t get hurt?”
“I’m fine,” I stammered, my blush deepening. How could I sit here with this remarkable woman and think such thoughts about her son? I felt quite ashamed of myself. Remembering her reaction the time she walked into the kitchen and saw Jace holding my wrist, I shuddered to think what she would say if she found out Bryce and I were…what? What exactly was the nature of our relationship? I considered asking Jace to take me home, but I wanted to wait for Abe. I didn’t want to miss anything, any news at all, about Bryce.
Abe came back in the room, smiling and shaking his head. “Well, he’d heard about it. As soon as I turned on my computer, about twenty emails popped up in my inbox. He wanted to know why a crew had been dispatched. I sent a reply and waited about two minutes before I got a response. He was so relieved to hear from me. He hadn’t been so shaken since…” Abe trailed off. We all knew what he’d stopped himself from saying.
“Maybe I should head home,” I announced, trying to keep the urgency from my voice. “I didn’t get much sleep last night and after this morning, I’m pretty tired.”
Jace stood up and offered to drive me. I followed meekly, trying to look tired and pathetic. Inside, I was screaming for him to hurry. I was desperate to get home to my computer.
I said hi to my parents when I got home and then rushed upstairs, locked my door, and switched on my computer with shaking hands. Never had it seemed so slow, so outdated. I changed clothes and brushed my teeth while I waited for the sloth of a machine to come to life.
There were a total of six emails from Bryce waiting for me. I read the last one first, vowing to go back and read them all in order as soon as I finished sending Bryce a reassuring message. I sent him a quick email to tell him I was okay and asked him to write me back as soon as he could.
His first email was the usual morning greeting. Subsequent emails were increasingly frantic. The final message was sent after he’d heard from his dad:

Dear Alisa,
I’m so glad you’re okay. When Dad told me you were safe and at our house, I nearly cried with relief. Thankfully, I didn’t. The guys here never would have let me live it down, and I would have been forced to leave here in disgrace. After the trauma you’ve been through today, leaving here doesn’t sound bad at all. 
Part of our training involves an internship in Central Dispatch. When Mom’s call came through, I almost died from fear. The only thing I knew was that a Hunter had been killed. I alternated between haunting the halls of Central and sending emails from my laptop back at the dorm. The fact that I hadn’t heard from you at all today had me worried sick. 
I don’t know if you realize this, but I live for your emails. Knowing you care about me, that you’re always there for me when I need you, means more than you could imagine. You asked me one time about my anchor. Well, Alisa, you are my anchor. You are my lifeline. I told you in that first email that I didn’t regret kissing you. Do you regret it? I’ll wait here until you reply. No matter how long it takes.
Love,
Bryce

I wiped tears from my eyes. My reply was immediate and from the heart:

Dear Bryce,
Do I regret that kiss? If I’d answered that question after it happened, my answer might have been different. No, I don’t regret anything that’s happened between us, good or bad. Every argument, every hurt feeling, every second we’ve spent together led up to this moment. I am grateful beyond anything you can imagine to be here, at this moment, at this computer (slow as it is), writing to you. The only thing that could make this moment sweeter would be to have you here with me. I am closer to you than anyone I’ve ever known, Jace and Rachel included. So, to answer your question, no. I don’t regret that kiss.
Love,
Alisa

When had I ever been as bold as I was at the moment I pressed the send button? Battles with Hunters, taking up for myself with Becky, walking into the dance with Jace—each scenario would have been impossible for me just a few months ago. I felt a gradual shift in my perspective and my attitude toward life. With that email to Bryce there was an element of risk, of putting myself out there, of opening up in a way I never had.
Instead of feeling anxious about what I’d just done, I felt at peace. For the first time in my life, I was in love. Those childish fantasies of just a few months ago were a diversion. My survival was tied to those daydreams because I’d never truly lived. My dreams were the only thing that kept me hanging on from one day to the next.
Over the past couple of months, I didn’t need to drift off into a fantasy world in order to keep myself afloat. With Bryce, I was able to live in the moment. He kept me tied to this world in a way nothing ever had. I didn’t need to dream of being someone else or doing something else. I was happy to be me.
***
Over the next few weeks, I was able to transform my life in ways I could never have imagined. I tried out for the softball team and made it. I deliberately exercised. I began researching different colleges and making plans for my future. The apathy I’d lived with all my life was gone, and in its place was a new determination.
I awoke one sunny day in March and switched on my computer while humming along with Taylor Swift’s You Belong With Me. The subject line of Bryce’s morning email was ‘Good Morning…or is it?’ I laughed out loud.

Dear Alisa,
I would love to tell you good morning, but I won’t. After all, the word ‘good’ is a matter of opinion. I have good news and bad news. Okay—bad news first. My unit is leaving for offsite training and I won’t be able to contact you for several days. The good news is, hopefully, I’ll be able to get cell phone reception when we stop off in town on the way back, and I’ll be able to call you. 
How am I going to survive the next few days without being able to write to you? Please keep your phone close by on Saturday. The idea of hearing your voice is the only thing that will get me through. Be safe, Alisa, and keep me in your thoughts.
Love,
Bryce

I felt desolate thinking about the next few days without contact. I typed out a reply, not sure whether or not he’d be able to read it before he left. I went through my normal morning routine, but the light had already gone out of the beautiful spring day.
Jace picked me up as usual and I felt a shot of heartache at seeing Bryce’s truck. I had a feeling everything would remind me of him until Saturday when we could at last speak.
“What’s wrong?” Jace asked as I climbed in next to him.
“Nothing. Just tired,” I said, leaning my head against the window and pretending it was Bryce I was with. I thought about all the times I’d been a passenger in the truck, but could only count on one hand the times I’d ridden with Bryce. I reflected on how drastically my feelings toward him had changed since the first time he drove me home.
“…Bryce…”
I jolted back to reality when I heard Jace speak his brother’s name. Oh, my God. What if he knew about us? What if everyone knew? 
“What?” I asked.
“I was just saying, the brakes are going out on this piece of crap and Dad said I have to have them fixed. I have to pay for it out of my savings, just because I’ve been driving it. I swear that’s why Bryce let me borrow it in the first place—because he knew the brakes were shot and he didn’t want to pay for repairs.”  
“He’s so sneaky and dishonest,” he continued. “Don’t you think?”
“I…um…” How could I possibly answer that question? I could agree with Jace in order to cover my own hide, but then I’d feel like a traitor. Or I could tell Jace the truth and face his certain wrath. Thankfully, it was a rhetorical question and didn’t require a response. Jace continued his tirade until we pulled into the school parking lot.
School was its usual nightmarish hell. Softball practice was better because I was able to run off some frustration. After practice, Rachel drove me home and commented on my unusual silence.
“Okay, spill,” she demanded. “You’ve been keeping something from the rest of us. I’ve known that for a while, but out of respect for your privacy, I didn’t want to say anything. But lately, you’ve changed. Jace told me you hardly talk to him on the phone anymore. Now you’re moody and distant.”
Rachel waited only a split second for me to explain myself. When I didn’t, she continued, “Look, after the attack, the family agreed to a No More Secrets policy. You seemed uncomfortable that day, so I know this secret has been bothering you at least as long as that, probably longer. If you tell me what’s going on, I promise you it goes no further. My mind is not an open book when it comes to Jace, remember? He only gets what I give him.”
There was a hint of threat in her voice. Ever since the day of the attack, Rachel had been true to her word about pursuing her training. She met with Jerica at least three times a week. I sparred with her about once a week. I knew she would do whatever she had to do to protect the family. If she felt I was withholding a secret that could put the rest of them in jeopardy, she would read my mind without feeling a shred of guilt.
My best option was to spill my guts. I needed to share my feelings with another person. I was desperate to tell someone and I finally had a chance. 
“I’m in love.”
This was clearly not what Rachel expected. “With whom?” she asked.
I laughed at the look of suspicion on her face. She was probably afraid I still harbored feelings for Jace.
“I’m in love with Bryce,” I admitted, feeling the burden of carrying the secret drop from my shoulders.
“Bryce, who?” Rachel asked. I could tell she was racking her brains trying to figure out if there was a Bryce who went to our school, or who had graduated in recent years.
“The brother of your boyfriend.” If I hadn’t been so nervous about admitting this, I would have enjoyed the play of emotions on her face as the truth slowly dawned.
“Bryce? That Bryce? Why?” she blurted.
“He’s been emailing me ever since he went back to Central to train. Well, let me backtrack.” My face heated. “On New Year’s Eve, he kissed me. Nothing epic, just a light…kiss.” I couldn’t bear for Rachel to look at me. I was too embarrassed to continue.
“So, he kissed you, and now he’s been sending you emails,” Rachel summarized.
“Several messages a day. They started out a little flirtatious, but now… I don’t know how it happened. I’ve totally fallen in love.” I tried to hide the longing in my voice. “I don’t know, maybe to him it’s just a close friendship. It’s hard to tell. I don’t exactly have a lot of experience with guys.”
“Look, Alisa. I hope it works out. I really do. But I want you to be careful. I’d never say this to Abe and Jerica, but I got a peek in his mind over the holidays. I know what you’re thinking. I’ve been holding out on a couple of secrets too. Anyway, I took a quick look. Or, rather, I tried to look. His mind is surrounded by a layer of rage. There’s some darkness there, Alisa. I don’t want to see you get hurt.” Her voice was sympathetic.
“I know about the rage. It’s because of his older brother. He’s starting to get past it. He’s better now.” I felt defensive toward Bryce. I understood him and I wanted Rachel to know he wasn’t bad, just hurt.
Her perfectly sculpted eyebrows arched. “He’s talked to you about Royce? Jace told me he’s never spoken of him, not since his death. If anyone speaks his name, Bryce leaves the room. Jace said he never even cried.”
“Yes, he has. He almost cried in front of me when he talked about him at Christmastime. Bryce has written about Royce several times over the last couple of months. He said Royce was his hero.” I hoped I hadn’t crossed a line in admitting all of this to Rachel. I figured I could tell her anything because she could pluck it from my brain if she wanted to.
“Wow. That’s a side of him no one else has ever seen. Of course, Jace is biased. He’s never said anything good about Bryce. They’ve always had a tense relationship from what I’ve heard. I wondered why Bryce let him use the truck, though. It seemed out of character for him to do something like that.” Rachel was silent the rest of the drive home.
When she pulled into the driveway, she said thoughtfully, “You know I won’t say anything unless I have to. For now, it’s our secret. But I really think you should tell Abe and Jerica. Not about the kiss or any of the personal stuff, but about the emails. If anything, it might make them feel better that he’s got a friend.”
***
On Friday night, I slept with my phone close by in case Bryce called while I was still asleep. When my eyes popped open at a quarter past eight on Saturday morning, I anxiously checked my phone for missed calls. Nothing. I sure wished he would have been a little more specific about the time. A long day stretched out ahead of me with nothing to look forward to but that phone call. I hesitated to take a shower for fear he might call and I wouldn’t hear it ring over the rushing water. Or that I wouldn’t be able to get to my phone quickly enough. For the sake of personal hygiene, I finally put my phone in a water-proof plastic bag and took a bath.
Hours passed, but still no phone call. I waited for Rachel to pick me up and take me to Jace’s house for lunch.
“Why are you so jumpy?” Rachel asked as we pulled out of my driveway.
“Bryce is on an off-site training excursion and he might be able to call me today,” I explained in a rush. “I don’t know what time he’s going to call. It’s driving me crazy.”
She laughed. “It’s driving me crazy too, and I’ve only been with you for two minutes. You’d better get a grip on yourself, or you’ll worry Abe and Jerica.”
I felt too hyper and overanxious to be able to enjoy myself, but I tried to put on a good show in front of the Alexander family. When my phone rang halfway through lunch, I jumped out of my seat so fast, I nearly overturned it.
“I’m sorry,” I stammered. “I’ll be right back. It could be…” I looked at Rachel, willing her to cover for me. She rolled her eyes in response. Rushing from the room and out to the back patio, I pushed the talk button.
“Hello.” My lungs felt constricted and I could hardly get the words out.
“Wow, it’s good to hear your voice.” Bryce was practically yelling, so I guessed the reception wasn’t as good as he’d hoped. It was good enough, though.
“You too.” After several months and hundreds of emails, I couldn’t think of anything to say. 
“Alisa, I miss you so much. I can’t wait to see you again. I thought talking to you would make me feel better, but it just makes me want to see you even more.” Bryce spoke so rapidly, I could barely keep up.
“I miss you too. These past few days have been horrible. I’ve probably sent you ten emails just out of habit.” My voice shook with emotion. After waiting for this moment for days, it was overwhelming.
“We’ll be back at the dorm late tonight and I’ll read every email you sent. June seems so far away. I can’t wait to see you. Did you tell Mom and Dad I might be calling today?” 
Bryce and I had never discussed how our correspondence might be viewed by others. Did he assume I discussed our long-distance friendship with his family? Maybe Bryce saw us as nothing more than friends and figured it would be natural for me to mention our online friendship. Maybe I’d been reading too much into it.
“No, I didn’t. Bryce, have you told them how often we write to each other?” I asked.
“No. It never felt like the right time. I wanted to wait until you were sure about us.” He sounded uncertain. He couldn’t have been any more uncertain than I was. Tell them what? I didn’t know there was an “us.” How exactly did he view our relationship?
“Alisa, I want to see you when I come home. Well, I want to do more than see you. I want us to be together. I’m no good at this. Am I making sense?”
I decided to take the plunge. “So, you want me to wait for you? You want us to be a couple?” I began blushing as soon as the words were out of my mouth. If I’d misinterpreted what Bryce was trying to say, I would never be able to face him again.
“Yes. I can’t imagine being with anyone but you and I can’t stand the idea of you being with anyone but me.” His voice sent shivers over every inch of my body.
“I’m already waiting for you, Bryce. I couldn’t imagine being with anyone else,” I admitted, joy making my heart leap in my chest.
“I should call Mom and Dad. Are you there now?”
“Yes, I’m in your backyard. They’re probably wondering why I rushed out to take this phone call. Maybe they think I have a secret lover, or a drug dealer.”
“If they try to guess, I would put my money on secret lover as their first choice. The way you blush, you won’t be able to keep me a secret for long.” He laughed out loud. It was good to hear him laugh without a trace of mockery or darkness. He was like a new person.
“We’re heading out in a few minutes, and I still need to stop in one of the shops before we leave, so I guess I’d better call my parents. I’ll send you an email as soon as we get back to Central. I love you,” he said.
“I love you too.” The line disconnected. I had to stand outside for a few minutes to compose myself. It was funny how easily those words flowed from my lips. It was a life changing moment.
When some of the heat faded from my cheeks, I went back inside and joined the family in the dining room.
“Bryce is on the phone,” Jace mouthed to me, pointing at a glowing Jerica. She held her cell phone lovingly, like she was holding a little piece of the son she missed so badly. I knew she worried about Bryce, not just because of his dangerous calling, but because of his inability to show his emotions.
I began to worry when Jerica started to cry. Abe looked alarmed at first, but relaxed visibly when he realized she was still smiling. “Baby, let me put your dad on the phone. I love you too.” She handed the phone to Abe and mopped at her eyes with a napkin. Jerica waved away Jace’s attempt to ask her why she was crying. “Later,” she whispered.
The expression on Abe’s face went from confusion, to sadness, to joy. “I’m so proud of you son,” he said, his voice breaking. “I love you. Goodbye, Bryce.” 
It took a few seconds for Abe to get control of his emotions. He looked at Jerica, then over at me. He winked and smiled. I couldn’t imagine what that was about.
“What’s going on?” Jace asked. “Why are you two crying? Is Bryce okay?”
“I’m not crying,” Abe said. “Your mom is. Bryce is fine. We just cleared the air a little, that’s all. He said he’s thinking about exploring a different career. He said he only joined WTB because of Royce. He stayed out of a thirst for revenge, even though he knew he wasn’t cut out for the job.”
“He actually talked about Royce?” Jace asked in amazement.
“He’s looking into making a transfer to the Watcher Academy next year. Or he may not go back to Central at all.” Abe caught Jerica’s eye and they both smiled. “He said he’ll send us an email when he gets back to the dorm. Apparently, his unit has been out on a training mission and he was able to get phone reception on his way back. Man, it was good to hear his voice. I haven’t heard him sound so happy in…wow.”
The room fell silent. I held my breath, praying no one would think to ask me who called my phone and why I’d been so desperate to answer it.
“Well, everyone,” Jerica said. I almost jumped out of my seat. “Let me go get the dessert.”
Thank you, thank you, thank you. I was so relieved she didn’t ask me about that phone call. But I wasn’t out of the woods yet.
“Hey, who called you?” Jace asked as Jerica left the dining room.
“Jace,” Rachel interrupted. “Can you do me a favor? I think I left my cell phone in the car. Can you go get it for me?” Rachel saved the day. I owed her big.
“Oh, yeah. I can’t wait to see your new phone.” Jace’s ADD kicked in, his previous question to me completely forgotten. He got up and bolted out the front door.
I hoped he would become so absorbed in Rachel’s new technological device, he would forget all about that phone call. Then I felt guilty for being such a bad friend. I remembered there was a time not too long ago that I’d jumped him for keeping Rachel a secret, and now I was doing the same thing. With his own brother.
Jace reappeared after a few minutes. “I can’t find it.”
“Oh, I forgot. It’s right here in my pocket,” Rachel said, thrusting the shiny, new phone toward him.
His eyes lit up with glee as he snatched it from her. By the time his mother came back into the room with the cake, he’d forgotten everything but the possibilities presented by a new piece of communication technology.
Silently thanking Rachel—and the inventors of her new phone—I allowed my mind to drift a little, thinking about the email I hoped would be waiting for me when I arrived home that evening.
Jace interrupted my thoughts. “So, Alisa. You never answered my question. Who called you earlier?”
Damn Jace to the pit of Hell. I could feel everyone watching me as they waited for my answer. Basically, I had three options. Option one: I could answer the question right then and there and endure the interrogation that would be sure to follow. Everyone would know I’d been holding out. Jace, and possibly his parents, would be hurt and angry by my deception. Option two: I could lie, but I suspected Jerica might have a few mind reading tricks up her sleeve, so that would probably backfire. Option three: I could say “Look, a grizzly bear,” and run out of the house while everyone was distracted, never to return again.
Option three sounded good. Four people waited for my response. I dared a quick glance at Rachel and she nodded in encouragement. My face heated and was undoubtedly turning fire-engine red like it always did when I was nervous, embarrassed, or stressed.
“It was some guy, wasn’t it?” Jace blurted. “Who is it? Ooh, Alisa’s been holding out.” Jace smiled, enjoying my embarrassment. Time to wipe the smile off his face. I took a deep breath.
“Yes, it was a guy.” I willed myself to continue and tried not to look anyone in the eye. “It was Bryce. He’s been emailing me ever since Winter Break and…” I broke off, unable to continue. The silence was so thick, I couldn’t breathe. I waited for someone to say something.
“No, Rachel, it’s not okay,” Jace said, obviously in response to some internal message from his girlfriend. “This sucks. I may have kept Rachel secret for a few weeks, but this is different. Bryce is my brother and you know how I feel about him. You know he’s just doing this to piss me off. He doesn’t even like humans, Alisa.”
Jace got up from the table and stormed out of the room. I was too shocked to start crying—yet. I knew the tears would come, most likely at the worst possible time. What if Jace was right? What if Bryce didn’t like me? What if it was just a big practical joke from one brother to the other? I tried to convince myself otherwise, but I couldn’t think of a single reason why Bryce would want to be with me in the first place.
All my self-doubts came crashing down and the tears came at last. Rachel, the good-hearted person that she was, left Jace to pout in his bedroom. Instead of following him, she reached over and took my hand.
“He’s just angry. He’ll get over it. Jace didn’t mean what he said. You know how he is,” she murmured sympathetically.
The thing was, I didn’t know. I’d never seen him that angry before. I felt like I didn’t really know my best friend at all. Or, maybe ex-best friend.
“Don’t cry, Alisa,” Jerica said. “Rachel is right. Jace will get over this in no time. I’m glad you and Bryce are friends. Or is it more?”
I could feel her willing me to look at her. Unable to resist, I looked into her eyes.
“I see that it is. I thought as much. Bryce told me on the phone that you two had become close. Alisa, do you remember what I told you at Christmastime? I said ‘Be patient with my son. He can be difficult, but he’s worth it.’ I wasn’t talking about Jace.” Jerica gave my hand a squeeze and left the room in pursuit of Jace.
“Jerica sees things others don’t,” Abe said. “Have faith in Bryce. And Jace. Things will work out. I promise.”
I smiled at him, trying to look reassured.  Abe and Jerica sounded like fortune tellers with their vague predictions which could mean anything or nothing.
Abe began clearing the table, waving away Rachel’s attempt to help. “You two girls go to the living room. I’m sure Jace will be out in a few minutes.”
I followed Rachel and slumped onto the sofa, feeling like my life was over. I had totally screwed up things with Jace. After everything he’d done for me, bringing me into his home and into his family, I chose to repay him by talking to his older brother behind his back.
“Stop chewing on your fingernails,” Rachel scolded. “You worry too much. Jace will be out here any second. He feels like an idiot and is trying to find a way to apologize for what he said to you.”
“How do you…oh, never mind.” For some reason, it hadn’t occurred to me that Rachel and Jace would be communicating the whole time. Jerica came into the living room, followed by her shame-faced son.
“Alisa, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean what I said.” He stopped talking and looked at his mother. She got the hint and left the room. “Look, you know how I feel about Bryce. We’ve never been able to get along for more than thirty seconds at a time. I always think the worst of him, so my first instinct was to accuse him of using you to mess with me.”
Jace had trouble making eye contact, but at least he was sitting next to me. Rachel sat silently, probably feeding him things to say through their mental connection. “You’re my best friend, and I guess I’m jealous. I don’t want to share you with my idiot brother. I just don’t get it. How did this happen?”
I shrugged. “Nothing has really happened, other than we send emails back and forth. I don’t like him better than you, just in a different way.” I quit that line of explanation when I saw the look on Jace’s face.
“Yeah, I can imagine how. Please don’t go into details. It’ll make me sick. I just wish you had better taste. I mean, Bryce? Really?” Jace was starting to get himself worked up. “I should have known something was up when he let me use his truck.  He’d never been nice to me before. And I couldn’t understand at the time why he tried so hard to keep Mikael away from you. He told him you were only fourteen.”
“You knew about that?” I asked. “I thought Bryce was joking when he told me he did that.”
“I’m not going to say I approve,” Jace continued. He looked at Rachel and said, “I can speak for myself. I’m not going to say something I don’t mean just because you’re here.” Looking back at me, he said, “But I will try to accept it. For now. This isn’t making me like Bryce more, you know?”
“I’m sorry, Jace,” I pleaded. “It just happened. Nothing has to change between us, right?”
“Fine. Everything’s the same until he comes home in a couple of months. Will you two stick to an email only relationship then?” Jace frowned when he saw the telltale look on my face. I couldn’t help myself. I remembered that New Year’s kiss. “Eww. I’m glad I can’t read your mind.”
Rachel put an end to our conversation. “Let’s go to the tennis courts and practice, otherwise Team Abe and Jerica will kick your butts again next weekend.” Jace sprinted down the hallway in search of his lucky racket. I felt weird around Jace the rest of the afternoon and was relieved to return to my own house after our tennis practice.
***
It was ten o’clock that evening when I finally received an email from Bryce. I checked and re-checked my email so obsessively, I was surprised the computer didn’t crash. My heart lurched when I saw his email pop up on the screen.

Dear Alisa,
Today has been the best day I’ve had since New Year’s Eve. I’m so exhausted, I can hardly move, but just thinking about you keeps me going. Being able to hear your voice, hearing you say that you love me, I can’t believe how lucky I am. I told my mom about us. Well, kind of. I told her we’ve been in contact and that our relationship has helped me get past some issues I’ve struggled with. I hope you don’t mind. She didn’t seem surprised. I was even able to tell my dad that I’d only joined the Warriors because of Royce.
I’ve decided to finish out this year of training and then transfer. I think I might be more suited to being a Watcher. I’m not cut out for the solitary life. I might even go to college for a couple of years before I make a decision.
All I know is that I love you and I can’t wait to see you again. I don’t know how Jace will feel about us being together. I’ll send him an email sometime. Not to ask his permission, but to let him know that things may be a little different when I come home. Or, at least I hope things will be different. I plan to monopolize most of your time, leaving you very little opportunity to hang out with my brother. I desperately need to get some rest, but I’ll wait up for a few minutes, hoping you will email me back.
Love you and miss you,
Bryce

I didn’t hesitate a second before responding, hoping he would still be awake to read my email.   

Dear Bryce,
It was wonderful hearing your voice too. The only problem is, now I miss you more than ever. Your parents were happy to hear from you as well. Your mother was literally crying with joy.
Something unprecedented happened today, however. Your brother, for the first time since I’ve known him, was actually able to concentrate on a single thought and remain undistracted by food. I know. It’s like the world suddenly started spinning in the opposite direction. The source of his obsession was who called me right before you called your mom. I admitted it was you, and that caused a bit of a stir. He didn’t take it well, to say the least, but by the time I left your house, he had almost fully recovered from the shock. Your parents seemed okay, so that was a relief.
I hope you’re not angry about the way I’ve handled things. Please don’t be mad. I just couldn’t outright lie to any of them. Please take care of yourself until you can come home to me. I miss you more than I ever thought possible, but tonight, as always, I’ll see you in my dreams.
Love always,
Alisa

I waited a few minutes for a response, and received this in reply:

Dear Alisa,
Why would I be angry? I’m glad it’s out in the open now. I’m sorry you had to do it alone. I wish I could have been there. If Jace gives you any crap, he’ll have to answer to me. That goes for anyone who messes with you. I’ve got an early day tomorrow, so I’d better get to sleep. Rest assured, I’ll be dreaming of you too.
Love you,
Bryce

I smiled as I read his message, shivering when I reached the part about taking care of anyone who messes with me. I fell asleep that night with Bryce on my mind, secure in the knowledge that the worst was behind me.
***
Time accelerated, it seemed, the day of our first softball game. Between schoolwork, ball games, practice, and training with Abe, I hardly had time to breathe. Every available moment I could spare was spent emailing Bryce or thinking about him and how much I missed him. It was surprising to me how easily I kept up with my busy life.
One amazing thing that happened was I actually got a date to the Prom. A shy senior from my English class asked me to accompany him and I graciously accepted. He fell over himself with gratitude when I said yes, almost to the point that I was embarrassed. He said it was the first time he’d actually attended a school dance and he was afraid he would never have the chance. Looking back at my life at the beginning of the school year, I knew just how he felt.
I cautiously mentioned my Prom date to Bryce and he became very jealous and possessive, threatening to use his magic in immoral and illegal ways should my date put a finger on me. I smiled when I read his email. It was the happiest I’d ever been.
Chapter Twenty
Rachel

Training with Abe was grueling. I’d always tried to keep myself in shape and considered myself to be in fairly good physical condition. I was accustomed to jumping and dancing in humid ninety-degree temperatures during pre-season football, and running laps in the warm spring weather during softball season. Abe’s idea of training was twice as brutal as anything my high school coaches could devise.
Jerica’s idea of training, however, was a million times worse. I’d expected meditation and brain exercises to be easy compared to being thrown around on lightly padded concrete, but this was not so. I found it exceedingly difficult to relinquish enough control to allow Jerica access to my mind. Although Jerica was surprised and impressed by how far I’d come on my own, she stressed that I still had much further to go.
“Without your pendant, a Hunter could sense your magic from a hundred miles away. Even with it, well you’ve already discovered for yourself that it doesn’t guarantee protection. You need to learn how to mask your power. Ideally, your magic should be kept under lock and key in the most hidden section of your mind, only to be released at your will.”
I didn’t understand what she was trying to tell me. One minute, Jerica said she needed me to loosen up a bit, to allow her entrance. The next, she told me my security wasn’t tight enough. She must have sensed my confusion, because she smiled and reached across the kitchen table to grab a notebook.
She drew a pyramid with five levels. She pointed to the largest section on the bottom. “This section represents your telepathic ability to communicate with Jace. This involves a certain amount of give and take. Your security is at its lowest when you communicate with him. Unless you learn to block the rest of your magic, anyone with similar powers could listen in.” 
I felt very uncomfortable at hearing this. I would certainly be interested in learning to block some of our more intimate conversations from others.
“Second level from the bottom is your ability to hear people’s thoughts—your gift of clairaudience. Since this is primarily a one way flow of magic, your security level is a little higher. This means your magic is better protected. The third level of magic would be your ability to sense feelings—your Empathy. This was, I suppose, the first way your power chose to manifest itself. Again, the flow of magic is one way, and not as strong.” Jerica filled in the middle level on the pyramid.
“The top level, the small triangle at the top, is the source of your magic. This is the core of your being from which all of your magic forms. It is also the place where your magic returns and is stored until you are ready to use it again. This is where security should be at its highest. No one should be able to access this. If a Hunter came upon you right now, he could drain every bit of magic from you before you could even take a breath. You have no block, no filter even. It is very dangerous.” Jerica looked me directly in the eye, willing me to understand the seriousness of my situation.
“What is on the fourth level, the one underneath the top triangle?” I asked.
“This is where you will keep readily accessible magic,” Jerica explained, smiling at my confusion. “These are the skills you haven’t developed yet. The ability to create and execute spells, to move objects, to see and hear at an advanced level. These are gifts you may or may not develop. I have very high hopes for you, Rachel. I think you’ll fill that level nicely.”
“Theoretically, your security should be as strong at the lower levels as it is at the highest. Right now, you have none. We will start at the top and work our way down. Learning to put a block on the highest level is the easy part. It gets difficult when you start learning how to open and shut the iron door on the lower levels. I want you to keep this chart. I’m also going to give you some exercises to do at home and you’re going to have to practice at least thirty minutes every night without fail.”
I panicked when Jerica told me that. In the last few weeks since I’d been training with Jerica and Abe, my grades had begun to slip. I got a B on my last math test. My first B in high school history. I couldn’t keep up with everything—school, softball, chores, and now this frustrating and difficult training. No wonder Jace’s grades were mediocre.
Jerica and Abe had already determined my physical training should be conducted without Jace present. It was too distracting for both of us. Alisa made a good sparring partner. She instinctively knew to take it easy on me, but not enough to allow me to win. I noticed her skills seemed to increase as mine did. I assumed this was because she upped the ante each time I improved.
Abe was a machine. That was the only way to describe the way he fought. His motions were fluid and elegant, like a dancer. Jace, I noticed, was quickly improving, at least when it came to the martial arts lessons. The first time I’d observed Abe and Jace in the ring, I was speechless. And not just because Jace looked absolutely amazing without a shirt.
Abe and Jace were blessed with the gift of advanced speed. Paired with their preternatural strength, their skills were deadly. They went at each other with shocking ferocity, appearing as if they were sworn enemies. It was sometimes impossible to follow the match, such was their speed. The reinforced concrete floor often shook with the force of their collisions. Given the intensity of the training Jace was forced to undergo in the basement studio, I could only imagine what Bryce must experience training at a more professional level. Intense would be an understatement, I imagined.
The first time Jace bested his dad in the ring, both men were incredibly proud. Jace could talk of nothing else for a week. I certainly admired the effect the rigorous training had on Jace’s physique. He was a six-foot tall killing machine. The guys at school looked at him with increasing envy, and the girls looked at him with renewed lust.
Added to the constant stress of everyday living and the new demands brought on by training, I had an additional, and in some ways, greater concern. I couldn’t find comfort even in sleep, because my dreams had become my greatest worry. My mind turned against me as soon as I closed my eyes and I couldn’t figure out what to do about it. Talking to Jerica was out of the question.
When I first began dating Jace, I dreamed of him each and every night. Lately, I found myself dreaming of someone else. I loved Jace more than anyone in the world, and these dreams made me feel as if I had betrayed him in some way. For some reason, I felt as if I were disappointing the entire family.
Gone were the days of my recurring nightmare, and in its place was a series of dreams, one building upon the next, but always centering around one specific person—Re’Vel. In my soul, I knew he was timeless, immortal. Maybe he wasn’t even human. It was hard to tell because the moment I entered his vast, ancient forest, my mind went as hazy as the mists swirling around my bare ankles.
Re’Vel’s whispers caressed my ear. His breath caused the tendrils of hair at the nape of my neck to tease my sensitive skin. “They aren’t trying to help you reach your full potential, my love. They’re trying to stifle you. Only I can help you.”
“That’s not true.” My speech sounded slurred, unclear. “They’re doing everything they can to train me.”
“When Nevare comes for you, they’ll hand you over to save themselves,” he insisted.
My mind latched onto the name, and for a moment, my thoughts were clear. “Nevare…The blond? I haven’t dreamed of him in ages…”
“Because I drove him away. I won’t let anyone harm you, Rachel. You’re mine.”
I felt so safe in his arms. Each morning when I awoke, I yearned for my dream-lover in a way I’d once yearned for Jace. Re’Vel planted a tiny seedling of doubt into my mind, and once it took root, it began to choke the blossoms of trust I’d developed for the Alexander family. I knew I shouldn’t take my silly dreams so seriously, but I couldn’t help but scrutinize Jace’s parents a little closer. I began to question their motives and to pull away from Jace ever so slightly.
I felt disloyal for doubting Jace and for comparing him to my nocturnal visitor. Although the dreams weren’t necessarily romantic in nature, there was an element of physical attraction. Perhaps that was the reason I felt such an overpowering sense of guilt each time I looked at Jace. Or maybe it was because I’d begun to fantasize about Re’Vel while I was awake. I was drawn to him, attracted to him in an obsessive way. 
Despite the fact that he was a Spellbringer, Jace was a typical teenage boy. He liked video games, music, television, cars, eating, and sleeping. I felt connected to him both magically and emotionally, but at the end of the day, Jace was just a teenager. I wasn’t becoming bored with him, but Jace was a known entity, Re’Vel was not.
Jace had begun to notice I wasn’t quite myself. When he questioned my odd behavior, I told him I was just stressed about school. It wasn’t a total lie. As finals approached, it was usually after midnight when I finally turned off my light and hopped into bed. I was exhausted much of the time and was finding it increasingly difficult to mask my magic.
The week before finals, I had a run in with a Hunter, but this time I was a little more prepared than my last encounter. After softball practice, I stopped at the gas station to fill up my tank and grab a soda. On my way back out to the car, I caught a glimpse of a large man peeking out from behind a parked tractor-trailer. His red eyes glinted in the sunlight and I knew then he was no ordinary man. I was closer to my car than he was, but I wasn’t sure if I should risk making a run for it.
Before panic completely took over, I remembered what Jerica taught me. Slowing my breathing to normal and focusing on controlling my magic, I rushed back inside the store, called Jerica, and explained as cryptically as possible that someone was following me. Five minutes later, Abe pulled up in front of the gas station. The Hunter fled immediately when Abe got out of the car.
Abe followed me back to his house. Jace and Jerica were nervous and pacing when Abe and I arrived. Jace was forced to stay behind, much to his extremely loud, verbal dissatisfaction. Jerica decided that until Jace was able to put a stronger block on his magic, it was better to send Abe when Hunters were sighted. Jace would only be sent to help as a last resort. Jerica thought his sometimes sporadic leakage of magic would send Hunters into a frenzy of hunger, adding fuel to the fire. He hugged me tightly as soon as I walked in the door. I felt safe and protected in his arms, just like old times.
As soon as Jace released me, I blurted, “My necklace isn’t working anymore, is it?” I tried not to freak out, but I felt like a moving target.
Jerica’s voice was calm and soothing. “The protection in the necklace your father gave you was only meant to last until you were able to protect yourself. In a way, this is a good thing. It means you are exercising a reasonable amount of control over your magic. The downside, of course, is that Hunters can detect you a little easier if you’re not careful. If you’re worried or distracted, and relinquish just a fraction of the hold you have on your power, they can find you.”
“Can’t you do something? Just until finals? I feel like I have no control right now. There’s too much going on in my life and my magic is going to be like a beacon for every Hunter in Georgia.” I felt bad when I saw the stricken look on Jace’s face, but continued anyway.  “What’s to stop them from getting me at home? What if they come right in while I’m sleeping? I would kill myself if anything happened to my mother because of me.”
“Rachel, have you ever seen a Hunter come close to our house?” Jerica asked calmly.
I’d never really thought about it, but no. I wondered why.
“We have powerful spells of protection in every room of this house. That same protection is built into your home. You are safer there or here in our home than anywhere else.”
“How do you know my home is safe?” I asked.
Abe sighed. “Rachel, I can’t be certain until my friend completes his research, but I think we can safely assume your father was a powerful Spellbringer. After all, your magic had to have come from somewhere.”
“When we have any new information, we’ll let you know,” Jerica said. “But right now, I can assure you your home is safe. I can feel the spells of protection surrounding it. Your enemies cannot harm you while you’re there.”
“But how can you be sure?” I asked, desperately wanting to believe them.
Jerica smiled and reached out to squeeze my hand. “Sweetie, it’s my job. I studied at the Watcher Academy for four years. I’ve studied spells extensively. Abe studied at WTB—the Warrior Training Bureau. He is my official Protector, and yours for the time being. Do you think we would have sent you home without any protection at all?”
I thought about Re’Vel and his insistence that the Alexanders were holding out on me. “Why didn’t you say anything before? About the spells, I mean.”
“We didn’t want to mention it until we had more information about your father. But we believe he is responsible for the protection surrounding your home,” she explained.
Abe broke in. “Right now, we’re just dealing with theories. I suspect the same spell tattooed on your brother was engraved inside your necklace.” He exchanged a look with his wife. “Jerica and I think it might be time to stop wearing the necklace your father gave you. Now that its protection has worn off, the spell may have a negative effect. Again, this is just a theory. Until we know for sure, you don’t have to stop wearing it.”
I clutched the necklace in my sweaty hand, looking back and forth between Abe and Jerica, trying to decide what to do. I wondered what Re’Vel would say, but then reminded myself he was a figment of my vivid imagination, and therefore had no bearing on the subject at hand. Jace weighed in with his opinion by sending a short, but definite message across our link. I quickly removed the necklace and handed it to Jerica. The taint of evil on it was evident now that I’d given it up, and I wondered why the Alexanders couldn’t feel it too. I shuddered in response to its abhorrent nature.
I felt dirty for having had such a close association to something so wicked. Was I as evil as the necklace? If it took a spell of such horrific proportions to protect me, what did that say about me? I didn’t want to contaminate this wonderful, loving family with my dark existence. To think I’d once sensed the darkness in Bryce. Maybe darkness knows darkness.
***
During the week leading up to final exams, I saw a Hunter every day, sometimes more than once. I began having panic attacks just thinking about the eventual moment when it would be me and the Hunter with no one to call, and not enough time for anyone to save me. I saw Hunters everywhere it seemed, even when they weren’t there at all. For each time Abe showed up and said, “It’s okay, he’s gone,” there was at least one other time he came to rescue me, only to say, “I don’t sense anything. He must have left before I got here.”
The Alexanders tried so hard to be nice to me, never once insinuating it was my fault for failing to control my magic. The more I stressed about my lapse in security, the less control I had. Only my link with Jace worked on a consistent basis.
“It’s going to be okay, Rachel,” Jerica said one night when I stopped by to drop off some math notes for Jace. “As soon as school is out, you should be able to relax. When the pressure of finals is over, we can concentrate on your training. Just keep practicing at home. The exercises I gave you should help.”
I hadn’t practiced in over a week. I didn’t have time. “I’m sorry, Jerica. Am I driving you crazy with all the phone calls? I could have sworn I saw a Hunter when I left school today. I’m sorry I made Abe come all the way over there.” My voice had become whiney, and I hated the sound of it. It didn’t feel good to have to add paranoia to my already long list of character flaws. Paranoia, dependency, irrational fear, irritability…the list went on forever.
“Are you sure you don’t want a full-time Protector? We can find someone who will be very discreet. You’ll hardly know he’s there,” Jerica offered. For a moment, I actually considered it. When I thought about my mother’s reaction if she found out, I declined.
I couldn’t understand how Jace managed to tolerate me and my swiftly changing moods and I felt guilty for putting him through it. On the upside, I no longer carried the burden of guilt over my dreams of Re’Vel. With all my stress over Hunters and finals, I hadn’t slept long enough to dream in over a week.
***
I was relieved when finals were finally over, but now the real work was about to begin. It was time to master my magical studies. For the first time in a long time, I did my meditation exercises before going to bed. I didn’t want Jerica to find out how badly I’d been slacking off on my magical training, so I worked on my exercises until I was so tired, I couldn’t keep my eyes open. After talking to Jace across our link for a few minutes, I drifted off into the deepest sleep I’d experienced in a long time.
I found Re’Vel on my favorite forest path, his opalescent skin glowing in the moonlight. I ran to him, leaping and bounding, almost flying. “Oh, Re’Vel, you should have seen me. I’m me again. I aced my last final. I wish you could have been there,” my dream-self rhapsodized.
“I was there,” he replied in a soft whisper against my skin.
As the dream progressed, my feelings toward Re’Vel began to change. He became too insistent and forceful. His face held a hint of menace, and his dark eyes narrowed as he glared at me.
“This isn’t a game. I won’t wait for you any longer. Once you give yourself to me, Nevare’s claim will not matter.”
“But I’m in love with Jace.” It was a struggle to remember his name.
“It doesn’t matter. Your father gave you to me and spoke my Claiming Words when he named you. You’re mine, Rachel, even if he changed his mind and tried to give you to another. Mine,” he insisted, grabbing my arm.
 He pulled me toward him and I tried to twist out of his grasp. A cold breeze lifted a strand of his black hair from his pale forehead. Tendrils of his shoulder-length hair brushed against my cheek, igniting my senses.
“You’re hurting me,” I cried. I jerked away from him and he grabbed my nightgown. The tearing of fabric ripped the quiet of the night. He clamped down on my wrist and twisted it until I stopped moving.
“Say nothing to the Alexanders or they will cast you away like last week’s rubbish,” he hissed in my ear.
That expression of air continued to tickle my ear even as I jolted up, relieved to find myself alone in my bedroom. I felt sluggish, drugged. Images of Re’Vel slipped through my mind, but instead of feeling euphoric like I usually did after dreaming of him, I felt violated. I sat at the edge of my bed, letting the memories of my nocturnal travels wash over me. I tried to remember all the details of our conversation, but the memories scattered like the particles of dust illuminated by the ray of sun shining through my bedroom window.
I lurched to my feet, swaying for just a moment. On unsteady legs, I staggered into the bathroom, turned on the shower, and lifted my nightgown over my head. Disappointment hit me full force. It was my favorite silk gown and I’d never be able to wear it again. Somehow, it had become torn beyond repair. I had a brief vision of Re’Vel, face twisted in rage, but the memory disintegrated when I stepped under the steamy hot water. I rinsed away my nightmares, marveling at the way a bad dream could sometimes haunt you even by the comforting light of day.
Chapter Twenty-One
Alisa

I spent the first days of summer vacation in front of my computer, alternately waiting for emails from Bryce and sending replies. Obsessive perhaps, but it was my summer vacation and I was determined to spend at least the first couple of weeks doing whatever I wanted. I wanted to spend all my time with Bryce, and if we couldn’t be together in person, we could at least be together in cyberspace.
Lately, we’d been emailing more than usual. Bryce sent me an email every chance he got, often sending out a few sentences in between training sessions. He faced a grueling two weeks of final exams. These tests were unlike anything I’d ever experienced—less pencil and paper, more exertion and pain. High school seemed pretty tame in comparison.
My emails, for the most part, were humorous and fun. I tried to keep things light, tried to keep him feeling upbeat and positive. The emails Bryce sent to me tended to be more serious. Some of his emails were so full of love and affection, I blushed just reading them. He was very poetic at times. His elegant words of romance were certainly no match for a lowly high school student and I feared if we ever broke up, all men thereafter would never match up.

Dear Alisa,
I’m so homesick, I can hardly stand it. It’s funny, because when my family first moved to Oaktree, I hated the idea of living in the Deep South. I swore Oaktree would never feel like home and would just be a place to store my stuff while I was away at Central. My family has never stayed in one place for very long, but Oaktree feels more like home than any other place we’ve ever lived. Probably because you’re there.
I still haven’t decided what to do about next year. I won’t be coming back to WTB, but I’m considering Watcher training. Career-wise, it would be a good move, but I don’t know if I could handle leaving you. Maybe I’ll take a year off and you can come to Europe with me after you graduate.
There’s one thing I know for sure—if I come back to Central next year, I’m going to buy you a new phone so you can get my emails even when you’re in school. Maybe we can donate your current phone to a history museum or something. They could display it next to primitive caveman tools or in a case next to a giant dinosaur bone.
I’ve got to get to class, so I’ll email you later. I love you.
~Bryce

Wait… what did he say? He wanted me to come to Europe with him after I graduated? He couldn’t be serious. Not really. What should I say in response? If I acted like I took his offer seriously, he might think I was expecting too much out of our relationship. Most of what he said in the email was a joke, so he was probably just messing around when he mentioned me coming to Europe. Maybe it was best to just ignore that particular statement and focus on the grievous insult he hurled at my phone.

Dear Bryce,
Ha. Ha. My phone might be old and terribly outdated, but it’s mine. As much as I’d love to be at your beck and call twenty-four hours a day, my school has rules against using cell phones in the classroom. Wouldn’t it be a shame if the brand new phone you bought me was confiscated the first day of school? I’d better stick with my craptastic phone. By the way, you owe my phone a massive apology the next time I see you.
I’ll support you in whatever you decide. WTB, Watcher Training, college, clown-school…whatever you choose, I’m with you all the way. I know your parents will back you up. They just want you to be happy. So do I.
I’ve been marking off the days until your return. It seems so far away. Probably seems even longer for you since you’re the one who’s staring down the barrel of final exams. I know you’re going to do great. I have absolute faith in you 
Love,
Alisa

I bummed around the house, waiting for Bryce’s response. That’s all I did—hide in the house and wait for Bryce’s emails. Jace tried to lure me out of the house, using promises of tennis or ice cream as an incentive, but so far, I’d managed to resist him.
After a couple of hours, I sat in front of my computer, my face splitting into a wide grin when I discovered an email waiting in my inbox. The timestamp indicated he’d emailed me forty minutes ago. Forty. Maybe I would take Bryce up on his offer to buy me a new phone—assuming he was serious. If I owned a fancy I-phone, I would have received an instant notification that Bryce had emailed me. Instead, I wasted the last forty-minutes cleaning the stupid house.

Dear Alisa,
Sorry, but your phone still sucks. I refuse to apologize to your ancient piece of technology. If I want to buy you a new phone, you can’t stop me, but if you want to battle this out, we could always settle our dispute in the training room. I wonder who would win?
There isn’t a day that goes by that I don’t replay what happened that day in the training room. I wanted to kiss you then, but everyone was standing around, staring at us. If I close my eyes, I can still feel your body underneath mine. I can still feel your heart beating against my chest. If we ever find ourselves in that position again, I’ll make sure we’re alone. I’m ready for another kiss. Are you?
I can’t wait to hold you in my arms, Alisa. I don’t think I’ll be able to let you go. Only a few more days. And then we’ll be together.
Love,
Bryce 

My hands trembled so much, I couldn’t type. I pressed my palms against my cheeks, feeling the warmth as a dark blush spread across my face. What would have happened if Bryce and I had been alone during that sparring session? What would happen if we found ourselves alone in the training room sometime in the near future?
Bryce said he thought about that moment in the training room. Well, so did I. Besides our first kiss, it was the most memorable experience of my life. That training session had been the start of something between us. It was the first time I’d stood up for myself, the first time Bryce acknowledged me as an equal even though I didn’t have magic. It was a major turning point in my life.
Sometimes I wondered what Bryce saw in me. Surely there were girls at the Watcher Academy who were older, more sophisticated, and magically gifted. Why hadn’t one of them caught his eye? Maybe WTB was segregated from the Watcher Academy and I was the only girl Bryce had contact with. If that were the case, maybe his relationship with me was one of convenience. If he went to the Watcher Academy next year, would he hook up with someone else? Would he still want me?
I pushed those thoughts from my mind. Certainly, I was getting ahead of myself. Our relationship might not last through the summer. It might not last once he stepped foot in Oaktree. Maybe we didn’t have a relationship and everything we’d discussed in our emails was just a game. 
It wouldn’t help to worry. All I could do was hold onto the love I had for Bryce and hope he felt the same way about me. I had to trust the things he’d said in his emails to me and trust my own intuition. I had to have faith in love.
Chapter Twenty-Two
Rachel

With all my worries about finals behind me, I could finally relax. For the first week of summer vacation, my mother gave me relative freedom. Sure, I had my regular chores, but I didn’t have to help her at church until the second week of June. Now it was Alisa’s turn to stress. With Bryce’s homecoming approaching, she was a nervous wreck.
I suggested a shopping trip, just the two of us. Well, three counting Jace. He insisted on driving me for my protection, but I think he was just trying to soak up the last bits of freedom he had with Bryce’s truck. He poked around a video game store while Alisa and I tested lotions and potions in one of the shops.
“So, ladies. How’s it going?” Becky’s voice came from behind us. I spun around to face her.
“Just fine,” I replied, warily.
“You two sure seem to be as thick as thieves these days,” Becky continued, twirling a lock of hair around one manicured claw. “It kind of reminds me of the good old days when we used to be friends. I miss our friendship.”
“You mean, you miss bossing me around and having me at your beck and call,” I replied.
“Is that how you viewed our friendship? That makes me sad. I thought we were more than that to each other. It really surprises me how you were besties with me one day, and then all of a sudden, you and Alisa were inseparable.”
“Oh, yeah?” I asked. “What’s surprising about that? That I’d choose to be friends with someone who actually cares about other people? Or that I finally figured out what a cold-hearted, conniving person you really are.”
“No. Actually, I’m surprised Alisa was so uber-cool with you stealing her almost-boyfriend.”
Before I could come up with a scathing response, Alisa cut in. “Jace was never my boyfriend. We were friends. We still are.”
“But that’s not what you want, is it?” Becky asked, her voice smooth. “I saw the way you looked at Jace. It’s got to kill you that he picked Rachel over you. Or did he? Maybe Jace is playing you both. You know, I’ve heard rumors…”
I cut her off. “Rumors you probably made up. Give me a break, Becky. You start so much drama, it’s a wonder you haven’t changed your name to Shakespeare.”
“But there’s that little bit of doubt, isn’t there, Rachel? You’ll never know what goes on behind your back.”
I laughed out loud. What Becky did not know was that I could very easily find out anything that was going on behind my back. Thanks to my mind-reading curse, I could find out anything I wanted. Fortunately, with Alisa, I didn’t need to rely on my mind-reading skills. I trusted her. Yes, she’d had feelings for Jace, but she was in love with Bryce now. Everything worked out the way it was supposed to—just like my friendship with Alisa. We were meant to be best friends and I was grateful every single day that things had turned out the way they had.
“You know what, Becky?” Alisa asked. “Maybe you should be the one to worry. With the way you’ve treated people, it wouldn’t surprise me if everyone was playing you behind your back. Do you have any real friends? Or just people who are afraid of you, so they do anything they can to stay on your good side because it’s easier.”
“What’s the difference?” Becky asked casually, flouncing out of the store and joining her awaiting entourage. 
“That’s sad,” Alisa said.
“It really is,” I replied. “Not only for those who kiss her butt just to keep from being tormented, but for her because she’ll never know what it’s like to have a real friend. Thank God I’m free of her.”
“You’re better than her, Rachel.”
“So are you. Remember that. You were never the problem. She was. I’m sorry I didn’t stick up for you sooner.” I glanced away, embarrassed to be having this conversation with the person whose life I’d helped make a living hell for years.
“Apology accepted,” Alisa said graciously. “I always knew you were a good person, Rachel. Deep down, you were never like her. I’m glad we’re friends now.”
“So am I, Alisa. I really am.” And I meant that.
***
Bryce would be home in a week, much to Alisa’s delight and Jace’s displeasure. Jace had used and enjoyed his brother’s truck, and now he hated to give it up. I couldn’t blame him, really. It would be hard to give up my source of transportation after getting used to having it for so long. As the deadline for giving up the truck approached, Jace began harassing his parents with a vengeance. Even after Jerica carefully explained that his older brothers had to wait until graduation to have their own vehicles, Jace continued to beg, plead, and complain.
Given my strict upbringing, I had a hard time understanding how a child could argue with a parent. It would never have crossed my mind to say no to my mother, or even bring up a topic she had previously closed for discussion.
After listening to yet another bout of manipulative pleas over dinner, I decided to talk to him about it. Thanks to Jace, the meal was ruined, and I felt sorry for Jerica for having to feed such an ungrateful son. After I helped clear the table, I suggested to Jace that we should hang out in the basement and talk.
As soon as we’d descended the staircase, he immediately pulled me into an embrace and started kissing me. This was my fault. I’d forgotten that talk in the basement was code for make out in the basement. After regaining my senses, I gave him my sternest look and told him to sit down across from me so we could talk.
“What’s up?” he asked. His crooked, sexy smile almost made me lose my resolve. What was I supposed to talk about again?
“Um, don’t you think you were a little rude to your parents tonight?” I asked.
“What do you mean?”
“Nagging your parents isn’t going to make them buy you a car, Jace. Let it go.”
“You know, that’s easy for you to say. You have a car.”
Hmm. Good point. “Yeah, I know, but your parents obviously have different rules. And it’s not like you can’t use one of their cars whenever you want to…”
“Why do you care so much about me asking my parents for a car?” He leaned back and crossed his arms in front of him.
“Because it’s irritating having to listen to you argue with your parents. You shouldn’t do it at all, but especially not in front of guests. It makes me really uncomfortable, and I can tell by the expressions on your parents’ faces that it makes them uncomfortable too.” And besides, it was totally un-hot to have to listen to my boyfriend whine.
 “Well, if it bothers you so much, you can leave. I don’t expect you to understand. You roll over and do whatever your mother tells you to do.” Jace’s voice increased in volume, and his tone dripped with venom.
Part of me wanted to back down, to go back to the way things were earlier in the evening when we were getting along. But Jace had no right to get mad at me for speaking my mind. And I was right. He shouldn’t treat his parents like that.
“It’s called respect, Jace. Do I like everything my mother tells me? No. But I listen to her whether I like it or not. Her house—her rules. Same thing applies to you. As long as you’re living with your parents, you need to obey them.” I matched Jace volume for volume, tone for tone.
“I can’t believe how self-righteous and preachy you sound. You remind me of an old woman, or Bryce. Maybe you and Bryce should have hooked up, and I should have hooked up with…” Jace stopped himself abruptly, but I knew what he’d been about to say.
This was not how the conversation was supposed to go. We were supposed to have a rational discussion until he came around to my point of view. Then he was supposed to apologize so we could kiss and make up. I thought I’d been doing Jace a favor, helping him to see the error of his ways. I had his best interests, and concern for his relationship with his parents, at heart.
I easily filled in the blanks of what he’d been about to say. Alisa. He should have hooked up with Alisa. My head hurt and a stabbing pain shot through my chest. Did he harbor feelings for Alisa, or was he just trying to hurt me any way he could? It didn’t matter. All I wanted to do was leave. I stood up and walked toward the stairs, my limbs heavy and my head spinning. 
“Rachel,” Jace called out, both verbally and across our link. I slammed the lid shut on the nonverbal messages he tried to send, leaving him no other choice but to shout up the stairs.  “Rachel, I’m sorry. Come on. You know I didn’t mean it. Please.”
I continued toward the front door, away from his ragged pleas for forgiveness, grabbing my purse and keys on the way out the door without even stopping. For once, my manners failed me and I didn’t say goodbye to Jerica and Abe. Fighting back tears, I backed my car out of the driveway without even checking my mirrors.
I couldn’t imagine how our relationship could recover from such a blow. We could both apologize, certainly, but I would always wonder if somewhere in the back of his mind he’d meant what he said. I thought back to the day he found out about Bryce and Alisa, and how strongly he’d reacted. He was vehemently opposed to any relationship between the two of them and he didn’t even know the whole story. How would he have reacted if he’d known Bryce kissed her?
Every look, every conversation Jace had ever shared with Alisa was now suspect. No matter what happened beyond this point, I would always wonder, and things between Jace and I would never be the same. Even if Jace gave me access to his mind, he could still block certain memories. He had become very skilled all of a sudden at putting up security blocks. Maybe it was because he had something to hide.
I was about halfway home when my front tire blew out, causing me to swerve and slide into a ditch. This was bad. I didn’t know how to change a tire, but even if I did, it was too dark to see. Why did I take the stupid dirt road through the woods? It was so isolated out here, with the nearest house almost a mile away.
I fumbled around in my purse for my cell phone, but didn’t feel it. I quickly searched my pockets before remembering that I’d left my phone on the end table in Jace’s basement. I could easily reach Jace through our link, but I wasn’t ready to talk to him yet.
The car would be fine for a while, I decided. It would take me about twenty minutes to walk home—thirty tops. Pulling the keys out of the ignition, I turned on the hazard lights, grabbed my purse, and closed the car door. Walking quickly and purposefully along the dirt road toward my neighborhood, I could see lights in the distance, and with every step I took, they looked a little brighter.
My thoughts began to drift toward Jace once again and my steps slowed. I was so absorbed in my inner turmoil, I almost crashed into the dark form that stepped in front of me. As I turned to run, another figure blocked my escape. Stumbling over a tree-root, I dropped my purse. The moonlight cast an eerie glow along the road, illuminating the Hunter who stood closest to me. He growled and I scrambled to my feet.
“Jace!” I removed the block on our link, hoping his side would still be open. I prayed my stupidity wouldn’t get me killed. Why hadn’t I tried to contact Jace across our link the moment my tire blew out?
“Rachel, what’s wrong?” he replied, sounding worried.
“My car broke down on the dirt road. I started walking…There are Hunters. Two of them.” My growing panic was causing spurts of magic to spark from my fingertips. Jolts of lavender electricity erupted from my palms, causing the Hunters to back away warily.
“I’m on my way. Talk to me.” Jace’s command swelled in my mind, pushing away some of my fear. I held on tightly to the sound of his voice, his presence in my mind.
“Hurry,” I begged. “Please.”
One of the Hunters began to approach. I backed away and moved off the road into the woods. The last thing I wanted to do was get lost in the woods, but with a Hunter blocking each side of the road, I had no choice. I moved slowly, afraid to make a sudden move. Suddenly, one shot toward me and held me in his grasp. Dark energy tugged at my magic. I tried everything I could think of to block him, but I wasn’t strong enough. In blind panic, I thrashed around, trying to free myself.
The second Hunter approached swiftly and I knew at that moment I was going to die. But instead of siphoning my magic, he bared his teeth and snarled at the Hunter who was holding me. As air began to fill my lungs again and energy returned to my weakened limbs, I realized I was no longer being restrained.
The two Hunters squared off, ready to fight over me. Too stunned to move, I stood in one spot, swaying on my feet, trying to summon the strength to run.
“Rachel,” Jace screamed in my head.
“Jace…”
A light appeared in the distance, slowly coming closer. An engine roared. Headlights bounced along the dirt road and through the trees, moving slowly and then stopping a few feet away.
“Rachel, where are you? Talk to me. I don’t see you,” Jace screamed in my head.
“In the woods. I…I see your car.” A car door slammed. “Here. I’m in here,” I called.
Jace and Abe thrashed through the woods, distracting the Hunters. The creatures turned in unison, eager to do battle with the newcomers. Headlights illuminated Abe’s face as he lurched toward the Hunters. Twin daggers flew from each hand, impaling both creatures within seconds.
While Abe crouched down to make sure both Hunters were dead, Jace scooped me into his strong, comforting arms. After everything that had happened between us, he was the only one I wanted. I cried in a mixture of pain and relief.
“Are you okay, Rachel?” Jace asked, scrutinizing me closely. “Oh, shit. You’re bleeding.” He pulled off his shirt and used it to dab the side of my face. I cried out involuntarily.
“What happened?” Abe asked.
“She’s got a gash on her cheek,” Jace replied. “Rachel, how did that happen?”
“I…I don’t know. I didn’t even realize I was hurt. I must have cut it when I fell, or maybe the Hunter…”
“It’s okay. We’ll take you back to our house and clean you up,” Abe said. “Jace, a little help?”
“Are you gonna be okay for a second? I can take you to the car…”
“No,” I interrupted. “I mean, yes. I’m okay, but I’ll wait here.” I didn’t want to sit in the car by myself, afraid more Hunters might track me down.
Jace helped his dad drag the Hunters so their corpses were piled on top of each other. “We need to take care of this before we leave,” Abe said. “Your mom called a couple of Warriors, but it’ll be several minutes before they arrive.”
“Are they taking these with them?” Jace asked, gesturing toward the dead bodies. “Or are we disposing of them here?”
“I think here is fine. If you help, we should be able to do it quickly.”
“Okay.” Jace and Abe reached their hands out before them and flames shot from their fingertips. The Hunters’ clothing erupted into flames. They burned quickly and within minutes, were nothing but a pile of steaming ash.
I was so absorbed by the funeral pyre in front of me, I didn’t notice the sound of men approaching until they were practically on top of me.
“Crap,” I yelped when a dark figure walked past me. I stumbled back a step before I realized Abe had been expecting them, and they weren’t Hunters after all.
“Craig, Quinn, thanks for coming out,” Abe said.
“You got started without us,” one man said.
“I figured time was of the essence,” Abe replied. “Can you take over from here?”
Jace led me through the woods and back to his dad’s car while Abe exchanged a few words with Craig and Quinn.
“Who were those guys?”
“Warriors,” Jace said, helping me into the backseat of the car.
“Wait. How did they get here?” I asked, looking around. “I don’t see a car.”
“They probably used Transport.” At my obvious confusion, Jace explained, “Spellbringers can disappear and reappear somewhere else. I can move about a foot or two. Some Warriors can travel several miles. Remember that day at the track?”
I shuddered. How could I forget? It would be burned into my memory, just like tonight would forever be seared into my mind—for more than one reason.
“My dad and I arrived at about the same time, but we didn’t come together. I drove, but my dad was out with my mom shopping. Mom drove him to a secluded spot and then he Transported the rest of the way.”
“Oh. Why didn’t he do that tonight?”
“He wasn’t sure exactly where you were. Without me using our link, he wouldn’t have found you.”
“Jace, thank you so much for coming. I wasn’t sure if you’d…”
“Of course. I’d never ignore you when you need me. Besides, tonight was my fault. I’m sorry. I can’t tell you how sorry I am.”
Abe opened the driver’s side door and climbed inside, ceasing all conversation between me and Jace. In my heart, I accepted Jace’s apology, but I was still hurt. We had a lot to talk about before things were going to be the same between us, but first, I had to sort out my own chaotic thoughts. Lingering terror prevented me from finding clarity, but there was something about what Jace said about Transport. Where had I heard that word before?
The ignition started and gravel crunched, jerking my thoughts back to the immediate present. I wondered what would happen with my car. What time was it? Was it close to curfew? If so, was my mother worried?
Jace must have picked up on some of my distress, because he sent soothing thoughts across our link. “Calm down, Rachel. My dad will take care of your car and bring it back to the house. I’ll never let anything happen to you again, I promise.”  For the moment, I believed him. I always felt safe in his arms.
The second Abe pulled into the driveway and stopped the car, Jerica ran out the front door to greet us. Jace put his arm around me, steering me inside to the sofa as gently as he could. I squinted a little as my eyes slowly adjusted to the bright light of the living room.
“Jace, go get the first-aid kit,” Abe instructed calmly. He spent the next several minutes examining my wound and asking me questions while Jace hovered around looking helpless and concerned.
After assuring him that the cut on my cheek was the only wound I’d suffered, he cleaned it with antiseptic wash. I flinched, sucking in a deep breath when he poured the cold liquid over my wound. Abe held his hand over the cut. I felt a brief stinging sensation followed by ice-cool relief.
“What did you do?” I asked.
“I just used a little bit of magic to speed the healing process.” I reached up and felt my cheek. It was tender, but the flesh had knitted together.
“Jace, what time is it?” Jerica asked, coming into the room with a large glass of water and handing it to me. It took Jace a minute to locate his cell phone and read off the time. It was just a few minutes after ten. “What time do you need to be home before your mother starts to worry?”
“I have to be home by eleven. I’m never late,” I said, remembering how Jace had accused me of doing whatever my mother told me to do. The flashbacks of our argument were more devastating than the memories of the attack. I closed my eyes against the emotional pain.
“I want you to stay here a while longer if that’s okay,” Jerica said as she packed up the first-aid supplies. “I just want to make sure you’re not in shock.” I could read the worry in her eyes as she leaned over me, feeling my forehead.
“I’m going to go put the spare tire on Rachel’s car and bring it back here,” Abe said. “Is everyone going to be okay while I’m gone?”
“Of course, honey,” Jerica said, kissing him on the cheek. “Be safe.”
Abe walked out the front door, leaving me confused. Was he going to walk all the way to where I’d left my car? If he drove, he’d have two cars to deal with. That wouldn’t make any sense. Transport. The word writhed around in my mind. Jace said his dad could use Transport. And I’d heard that word from… I screwed up my face in concentration. Re’Vel. I’d heard about Transport from Re’Vel during one of my dreams. But that was impossible. Wasn’t it? 
“Rachel, are you okay?”
“I’m fine. Just a little bit of a headache,” I lied.
“No wonder. What a horrible ordeal,” Jerica said. “Why didn’t you call us? You should have stayed in your car instead of walking.” Her voice was calm, but I could sense the mild reprimand behind her steady words.
“I left my phone downstairs.”
“What about your link?” Jerica asked. I looked down at my lap, reluctant to lie, but hesitant to tell her about the argument between me and Jace.
“Jace, why don’t you go downstairs and get Rachel’s phone so she doesn’t forget it again?”
Jace complied, looking sheepish and uncomfortable.
“Is there anything you wanted to talk to me about in private?” Jerica asked the moment we were alone.
“No. Not really.”
“Are you sure? You seem like you have something on your mind.”
I had a lot on my mind. Not just Jace and our argument, but the Hunter attack. And Re’Vel. And why the Alexanders had never taught me Transport. Were they deliberately trying to hold me back like Re’Vel had accused them of doing in my dreams? Wait… Re’Vel wasn’t real. He was a figment of my imagination. Maybe a manifestation of my own doubts and suspicions. So why did it feel as if he were as real as Abe and Jerica?
I spent the next thirty minutes with Jace and Jerica fussing over me. I worried about getting home before curfew, and then berated myself about caring about something so trivial when I should be worrying about Hunters and how long it would be before I was trained enough to be able to take care of myself. Jerica mentioned Protectors several times while we waited for Abe to return, and though I deflected her suggestions with half-hearted responses, there was no way I was actually going to accept a full-time Protector into my life.
“Rachel,” Jerica said. “We need to decide what to say to your mother. I think it might be time to talk to her about who you are. You can’t keep it a secret forever, and I think she should know the danger you could be facing.”
I shook my head and Jerica reached out and held my hand.
She sighed. “You don’t have to explain everything tonight, but you need to tell her something. Do you want me to help you talk to her?”
I appreciated the offer, but there was no way I was going to tell my mother anything about magic. “Thank you, Jerica, but I think I’d better talk to her alone. I’m not sure what I’ll say yet, but you’re right. I’ll have to say something.” I tried to be as kind as possible while rejecting her offer.
“Okay, sweetie. I’m always here to help if you need me,” she said. I could tell this discussion wasn’t over. Jerica might have decided to cut me a break for tonight, but this conversation would be resumed sometime in the near future.
The front door opened and Abe stepped inside. “Everyone okay?” he asked.
“We’re fine. I’ve been talking to Rachel about hiring a full-time Protector. She promises she’s going to give it some serious thought,” Jerica said.
“Well, she needs to give it more than just thought. After what I found out tonight, we need to put a plan in motion immediately.” Abe, sounding very grave, took a seat next to Jerica.
“What’s going on?” she asked.
“Quinn and Craig were still at the site when I went back to get Rachel’s car. We spoke for a few minutes. They’d heard something from one of the Warriors out of the Southwest District who’d tracked Re’Vel from Southern California to the Georgia border. They think Oaktree is his destination.”
“Re’Vel?” Jerica repeated. “Why wasn’t I informed of this sooner?”
Re’Vel? No. It was impossible. Re’Vel was real. Not just a figment of my imagination. Oh, my God. If Re’Vel was real, and my dreams were more than just dreams, what did this mean for me? Re’Vel was in Georgia? My numb, cold hands felt detached from my body and my face was frozen, but the Alexanders were too distracted by their discussion about Re’Vel to notice that I’d gone into full blown shock.
Jerica and Abe’s voices penetrated the strange rushing in my head, and I struggled to make sense of their words.
“I’m calling Central tonight. This is outrageous. I should have been informed the moment a Demon crossed into my territory,” Jerica fumed.
“Honey, we don’t know if it’s true. Let Craig and Quinn find out more. They’re going to report to you tomorrow,” Abe said.
“They damned well better. I can only think of one reason why Re’Vel would be in Oaktree,” Jerica said.
“I thought Re’Vel wasn’t our enemy,” Jace said. “Not really.”
“Make no mistake, son. All Demons are our enemies. Re’Vel might have helped us in the past against a mutual enemy, but that doesn’t make him a friend,” Abe said.
Re’Vel. Demon. I couldn’t wrap my head around everything they were saying. I knew why Re’Vel was in Oaktree. For some reason, he’d taken a liking to me. He was coming after me.
I wanted to tell Jerica about Re’Vel, but I couldn’t do it. What would they think about me if I told them I’d been dreaming about Re’Vel all this time, but hadn’t mentioned it? We were supposed to have a “no secrets” policy. Abe and Jerica would be furious if they found out I’d kept Re’Vel a secret all this time. And it wasn’t just about Abe and Jerica. I didn’t want to damage my chances to mend my relationship with Jace. Admitting my near romantic relationship with a Demon was sure to be the kiss of death to any chance we might have.
Re’Vel wasn’t just a dream, and that put everything that had happened in a different light. We’d shared confidences, embraces, love. Basically, I’d cheated on my boyfriend with a Demon. I may not have known much about the magical world, but I knew this didn’t make me a good person.
“Rachel,” Jerica said. “Do you think you can drive, or do you want to leave your car here overnight? One thing’s for certain—Abe will either drive you or follow you home. You aren’t going anywhere by yourself.”
“I don’t think I can drive, but if one of you could drive my car home, I would appreciate it. I don’t want to inconvenience anyone, though. I’ve already been enough of a burden lately.” I was on the brink of bawling.
“Oh, sweetie, of course you’re not a burden,” Jerica said. “You’re part of this family and you would do the same for us if we needed you to. Come on, let’s get you home.”
Abe drove my car while Jace and I followed in the truck. We were almost completely silent on the drive home. Jace made numerous apologies while I tried to assure him I wasn’t angry. It was true. I was still hurt, but if anyone had a right to be angry, it was Jace. Of course, Jace didn’t know about my infatuation and dream-relationship with Re’Vel. If he had, he wouldn’t have been nearly as kind and apologetic.
My mother greeted me the moment I walked in the front door. I knew I wasn’t in trouble. I still had five minutes to spare until curfew. I would have some explaining to do about the car, so I decided to take the plunge and jump right in.
“Mama, I had some trouble with my car and…”
“What happened? Are you hurt?” Leave it to her to overreact.
“I’m fine. My tire blew out and I went into a ditch. Mr. Alexander came and put the spare on, but I was pretty upset, so he helped me get home.” I concentrated on keeping my explanation as simple as possible.
“Oh, Rachel, you should’ve called. I’ll have to thank Mr. Alexander,” she said.
I swayed a little on my feet as I started toward the stairs.
“What’s wrong? Are you sure you didn’t hurt yourself? Maybe you hit your head when the tire blew out. How fast were you going when it happened? Were you wearing a seatbelt?”
It was time for me to take control of the situation before the paramedics were called. Mentioning magic, Hunters, and Spellbringers was absolutely out of the question. In my opinion, it was never really an option.
I took a deep breath. “Mama,” I said, pushing a thought ever so lightly into her brain. When I felt the connection, felt her succumb, I said, “I’m fine. I’m just tired. There is nothing to worry about at all.”
“Okay, Rachel,” she replied. I exhaled a huge sigh of relief. “We’ll take care of the car tomorrow. I’m just glad you weren’t hurt.”
With leaden feet and a heart filled with despair, I climbed the stairs to my bedroom, yearning for the days when my life had been easy. How could things have changed so drastically?
“Rachel,” Jace called across our link. “Is everything okay?”
“Goodnight, Jace,” I replied before severing our connection. I fell across my bed, and although I wanted to cry myself to sleep, to drift off into the oblivion of slumber, I couldn’t do it. Re’Vel would find me there—my own personal nightmare. I struggled to stay awake until the early hours of the morning, but at last, my tired eyes could take no more.
I shut off my magic the way Jerica taught me, my link to Jace included. I called upon my church upbringing, mumbled a desperate prayer, and succumbed to emotional and physical exhaustion. In my dreams, I could see the forest, but I chose to run the other way.
Chapter Twenty-Three
Alisa

A week before Bryce’s anticipated return, I received a very alarming email. It was about ten o’clock at night, and I had just stepped out of the shower and settled back in front of the computer. I clicked on his newest email and my mouth gaped open as I read.

Alisa,
Central just received word of another attack. No casualties have been reported, but additional back up has been requested. I’ll send an email to Dad right away. For once, I am praying you’re not with my family. Please, please be at home, Alisa. Send me an email to let me know you’re okay, then if you can, call Jace and find out what the hell is going on.
Love,
Bryce

I dialed Jace’s cell phone and listened to it ring while I typed out a quick email to let Bryce know I was at home, and therefore, safe. Jace’s phone rang six times before his voicemail picked up. I tried Rachel’s phone and the same thing happened. No one picked up the home telephone either. Panic began to set in.
I spent the next hour alternately dialing cell phones, burning up the Alexanders’ home phone, and sending Bryce reassuring messages. I was completely worn out and borderline hysterical by the time Jerica called me back a little after eleven.
“Is everything all right?” I yelled into the phone, probably bursting Jerica’s eardrum. 
“Everyone is fine, Alisa. I’m so sorry. I should have known Bryce would have told you about the call for assistance. I’m sorry for not calling you sooner and for making you worry,” she apologized. Typical Jerica—she always worried more about others than herself.
I rapidly typed an email to Bryce, letting him know everyone was safe and that his mom was on the phone with me. “I’m just glad everyone is okay. What happened?”
Jerica gave me a quick, but detailed account of the Hunter attack. It was amazing that Rachel was able to escape virtually unscathed. I couldn’t wait to see her just to reassure myself she was okay.
I typed another message to Bryce, trying to replay Jerica’s version of events. After hitting the send button, I realized Abe had most likely sent the same type of email to his son. Oh, well. I was a little surprised I hadn’t heard from Jace yet, but he was probably too concerned with Rachel to think about calling me.
Bryce and I sent several more emails back and forth in fairly rapid succession, each of us speculating about the attack and the rumor that a Demon was lurking around southern Georgia. Not exactly a regular occurrence in this neck of the woods. I finally insisted that Bryce go to sleep. It was extremely late where he was and he had examinations to contend with in the morning. I received one final message from Bryce before he went to sleep. 

Dear Alisa,
Every time I hear about some horrible event back home, I can’t breathe out of fear of losing you. The most recent incident has only reinforced what I’ve known for a long time. I love you and I can’t stand for us to be apart for months at a time. Since you and Rachel seem to attract trouble, I have definitely decided not to continue my training in the fall. My mom may have ordered additional Warriors to cover the area, but I think I’d prefer to protect you myself. I hope you’re not disappointed by my decision to abandon my calling as a Warrior only to take up residence in a small town, attending a small college. I miss you, Alisa. More than you could ever know.
Love,
Bryce

I realized after reading his email that Bryce had some deep-seated insecurities—yet another thing we had in common. He feared I would not love him as much without the glamorous sounding title of Warrior. I worried he would become bored with a silly high school girl and seek a sophisticated woman for companionship. I suspected we were perfect for each other. We were both completely unbalanced.
***
I expected to receive a call from Jace the following morning filling me in on the crazy events from the night before. As morning turned into afternoon, I decided to go ahead and call him. He sounded completely exhausted when he answered the phone. I could tell he didn’t want to talk to me. Something beyond last night’s attack was weighing on him, and for some reason, he didn’t want to tell me what it was. Jace continued to act evasive and uncommunicative, and eventually succeeded in getting me off the phone.
My attempt to contact Rachel was completely fruitless. She didn’t answer my phone call and never returned my text messages. I tried to convince myself she was still upset from the night before and would respond when she felt better, but in my heart, I knew something was wrong. Just thinking about Jace and Rachel filled me with anxiety. I decided to stay home that day. No trips to the Alexander house for me. I would stay by my beloved computer and focus my attention on the guy who appreciated every word I typed.
Bryce had a rough day of final exams. Even though he’d decided to leave for good, he still put forth the effort to finish in good standing and to gain his Protector ranking. I tried to talk him into waiting until fall to make a final decision. Not because I was trying to get rid of him (as he feared), but because I didn’t want him to burn any bridges.
I decided not to tell him about my concerns regarding Rachel and Jace. Bryce had quite enough to worry about, so I tried to send him upbeat, happy emails, at least until his examinations were over. Each time I remembered I would be able to see him in less than a week, shivers of anticipation wracked my body. I found myself reverting back to my old ways, fantasizing about our reunion and rehearsing in my mind every word I wanted to say to him.
I didn’t want to head down into the dark abyss of the fantasy world of years past, so I came up with a cool strategy to occupy my mind in between emails from Bryce. I carried my I-pod everywhere, earbuds plugged into my ears, volume turned up, singing along to each song at the top of my voice. It was obnoxious, and my parents were probably ready to kill me, but it worked. Each time I lapsed into a daydream, I forced myself to concentrate on each and every lyric I bellowed. I congratulated myself on my creative and effective solution.
After three days of Rachel ignoring my phone calls and Jace rushing me off the phone, I decided I’d had enough. I borrowed my dad’s deathtrap of a truck and headed over to the Alexander home without even calling first. Jerica answered the door by pulling me into a fierce hug.
“Long time, no see, kid. We’ve missed you,” Abe announced, smiling from ear to ear. “I’ll go get Jace. He’s been hiding in the basement.” Abe disappeared down the steps.
“I’ve been worried about him,” Jerica confided. “According to Jace, he and Rachel had an argument just before the attack. She rushed out of our house and the attack occurred immediately after, so Jace blames himself. Rachel has barely spoken to Jace since. He won’t talk to us. Maybe he’ll talk to you.”
Heavy footsteps sounded on the steps, followed by a sullen-looking Jace. “Hey,” he mumbled as he slumped into the room and onto the sofa in one seamless, lazy movement. His eyes were brimming with exhaustion and despair.
“Hey, yourself,” I said, sitting down next to him. “So, it’s been a crazy week, right?” I paused, waiting for him to say something. The conversation was going nowhere and someone needed to take charge. I wasn’t a take-charge kind of person. I waited in vain for the friendship fairy to come and make everything better, but as always, she failed to show. It was up to me. I had to do everything, apparently.
“I’m not leaving here until you tell me what’s wrong, so you’d better start talking.” I thought I was off to a good start—firm, yet friendly. “Now, if I’ve done something to offend you, tell me. If not, then stop treating me like crap. What’s going on?”
“It’s too hard to explain. Rachel and I…we almost broke up that night. She left the house because of something I said. She was upset, and I just let her drive away. She could have been killed. It was my fault.” Jace looked like he was ready to cry, but I wouldn’t relent. He needed to get this out in the open.
“What was your fault, Jace? The fight? Okay, maybe. But the attack would have happened regardless. Your argument didn’t cause her tire to blow. Stop blaming yourself. That’s just stupid.” I hesitated for a second before asking, “What were ya’ll fighting about that almost caused you to break up?”
Jace couldn’t look me in the eye, so I knew it was bad. “We started off fighting about something totally stupid. Rachel was lecturing me about the way I treated my parents. She said I should stop bugging them about getting me a car. She was right, I mean, I have been acting like an ass. I called her preachy and said she reminded me of an old woman. I told her she was just like Bryce and maybe she should have hooked up with him instead of me.”
Okay, that didn’t sound so bad. Yell and scream for a few minutes bad, but definitely not break up bad. I had a sneaking suspicion Jace was holding back some critical information—the missing piece of the puzzle.
“What else did you say?” I asked, trying to sound threatening.
“Okay, so that’s the part I didn’t want to tell you. I said something stupid that I totally didn’t mean. I told her…I…should have, um, hooked up withyouinstead.” He said this last part so fast, the words blended together and I had to think for a minute before it dawned on me. Jace was an idiot.
I tried to block out all the thoughts swirling through my head at that moment and focus on solutions. What ifs wouldn’t solve anything, but it was hard not to consider the implications of what Jace admitted. Rachel had obviously considered the deeper meanings of Jace’s statement, causing her not only to stop speaking to Jace, but to me as well.
It was the first time my crush on Jace had been openly acknowledged, and I blushed in remembrance of the way I’d felt for him all those months ago. On the flip side of that comment, however, was the possibility that at one time Jace might have felt the same way about me. If only I’d known at the time, I might have pushed a little harder, but none of that mattered now. Rachel and Jace were together and they were perfect for each other. They had an undeniable connection which went beyond ordinary love.
I’d found happiness with Bryce. He was everything I never knew I wanted until I had him. Or something like that. I knew what I meant. Bryce and I had forged a more traditional bond—a relationship based originally on loathing that evolved into friendship and love. I didn’t regret for a moment that things turned out the way they did.
No wonder Rachel chose to avoid Jace. He’d hit a nerve and played on her insecurities.
“Let’s go,” I said. “We’re going to Rachel’s so you two can make up.”
“I’m not going anywhere,” he replied, recoiling from my outstretched hand.
“When’s the last time you talked to her?” I asked.
“I talk to her every day. On the phone, though,” he admitted. “Her mind is blocked, so I can’t talk to her that way anymore.”
This was serious. Clearly, there was something going on with Rachel, something more upsetting than Jace’s foolish comments.
“Don’t you want to talk to her? Don’t you miss her?” I pushed. “Jace, you can’t just let your relationship fall apart without even trying.” Every second he sat on that sofa represented an additional moment I had to spend away from my beloved computer. I had no time for Jace or his self-pity.
“She’s coming over tomorrow night for dinner. Dad’s friend has some information about her father. Rachel asked me to leave her alone until then. One phone call a day is all I get. I feel like I’m in jail.”
Well, this was news to me. I felt excluded for about a second, but reminded myself that news about Rachel’s father was none of my business. I couldn’t expect to be included in everything, could I? Besides, my computer would be lonely if I was away for too long.
“Jace, I’ll give you until tomorrow. Maybe this information about her dad will ease her mind. If ya’ll can’t work things out though, I’m going over there. She’s my friend and it hurts to think she has the wrong impression about us. I’m afraid if you leave it too long, you won’t be able to mend your relationship. Tick, tock, Jace.” I hated to pressure him, but time was critical. The longer they were apart, the less likely it would be that they would resolve their differences.
“Okay,” Jace agreed. “Oh, and thanks, Alisa. I’m glad you came by.”
I left Jace with a worried Jerica, and drove back to the relative serenity of my home. I missed my computer. It beckoned. After lying to my parents and telling them I’d already eaten, I rushed upstairs to my room. I had become strange and reclusive since school ended. I spent much of my time alone in the dark, the eerie blue glow of the computer screen my only companion.
But I wasn’t alone…not really. Bryce was with me, if not in person, then in spirit. Our conversations over the internet were my only link to reality these days, and I often wondered if it would turn out that this was all a dream. I feared I would wake up one day to discover it had all been a product of my rich and vivid imagination. Or worse, that Bryce would come home and say he’d changed his mind. That a silly, sheltered, high school girl was not what he’d been looking for after all. I pushed all of these negative thoughts out of my head and focused on the email waiting for me.

Alisa,
I’m trying to count the hours until I see you, but after the week I’ve had, I don’t have enough brain power to count past ten. As much as I’m looking forward to my flight home, I’m worried about you. Once I board the plane, I won’t be able to contact you. Can you survive an entire day without emailing me? It seems all you do nowadays is sit in front of the computer. Not that I’m complaining.
Love,
Bryce

My smart-aleck response was as follows:

Bryce,
Why do you assume that I sit in front of the computer all day? My cats take turns handling my correspondence so I may lay in the sun working on my tan. As for being able to survive a day without hearing from you, I’ve done it before as you well know. I plan to use our time apart to bake chocolate chip cookies by the dozens. If you’re mean to me, I won’t save any for you.
Love,
Alisa

Despite the attack on Rachel, her falling out with Jace, and the fact that it would be beyond awkward when I finally saw her again, this was the best summer ever. I was completely in love. And that overshadowed everything.
Chapter Twenty-Four
Rachel

The reason I’d been avoiding Jace had nothing to do with my insecurities over his relationship with Alisa. Yes, it was a blow to my ego to hear him openly acknowledge that he’d once liked Alisa as more than a friend, even if it was before Jace and I got together. My female vanity insisted that Jace should have loved me and only me from the moment we first met. In reality, of course, it was perfectly acceptable for Jace to have had other love interests before we became an item. After all, I was dating Robert when Jace and I first met. Everyone had a past.
I repeatedly tried to reassure him that I no longer cared about his insensitive barb about choosing Alisa. It was an ill-considered comment, nothing more. I had reacted badly at the time and felt ashamed for carrying on like a drama queen. Had the attack not happened immediately following our argument, Jace and I probably would have made up within a day or two.
When I tried to explain to Jace that my recent silence had nothing to do with him, I meant it. Until I could figure out how to bring up the subject of Re’Vel and my dreams, I was afraid to open up my link to Jace. But that wasn’t the only reason I shut down our link. I’d had to put up a block against all magic, both incoming and outgoing. It was my only way to ensure that Re’Vel could not access my dreams. As an added precaution, I barely slept.
I couldn’t tell Jace why I closed our link, so he just assumed I didn’t want to speak with him. I hated that he believed this. The last thing I wanted to do was hurt him.
My entire life had become defined by the secrets I carried inside. My dream relationship with Re’Vel, the secrets I kept from my mother, the use of Persuasion on her: all of these secrets had taken something from me.
I could perhaps excuse my interactions with Re’Vel. I believed at the time it was happening that I was dreaming, and that Re’Vel wasn’t real. I didn’t know he was a Demon, otherwise I would not have allowed him access to my mind.
I might have been able to explain away the use of Persuasion on my mother. The first time I used Persuasion on her, it was to convince her to take me home to get my necklace—a matter of life or death. This time, I’d used it to keep her from panicking.
As for telling the truth about my magic, I believed it was necessary for my protection and hers. I wasn’t ready to tell her the truth about me, and she wasn’t ready to hear it. My mother was strict in her practice of religion. She believed anything paranormal or supernatural was evil. She didn’t even like the use of magic in fairy tales. How could I ever tell her I was a Spellbringer? How could I expect her to accept that aspect of my life if I couldn’t accept it myself? I still hadn’t come to terms with who I was. The idea of explaining it to her brought all my doubts about my magic to the surface.
But these were just excuses. I had to come clean about Re’Vel. It wasn’t fair to the Alexanders to keep it a secret when I’d promised to tell them everything. And now that I knew he wasn’t a figment of my imagination, I had to tell them for the sake of their safety and protection. I just didn’t know how.
Today was the day of reckoning, the day I would reveal my secret to the Alexanders. Abe’s private investigator friend was supposed to be coming to dinner to fill us in on the research he’d been conducting about my father. I hoped he would be able to clear up some doubts I had about my origin. And I hoped once my questions were answered, I would discover my father was the man I’d always thought he was. Until the mystery concerning my father was cleared up, my sense of self hung in the balance.
 Jace called me a few hours before I was supposed to come to his house and meet their guest. He gently reminded me that I should try not to be alone and asked if he could pick me up. He sounded so sad, so unsure of us, I felt even guiltier than before, a feat which I hadn’t thought possible. My continued silence and rejection had broken him, and his voice sounded empty and lost.
“I would love for you to pick me up. I can’t wait to see you.” I hesitated a second before continuing. It wasn’t fair for me to lead him on and then break his heart all over again when he found out the truth about me. I couldn’t help it, though. I had to say what was in my heart before it burst. “I’ve missed you.”
“I’ve missed you too,” he replied. “You can come over anytime, you know. I can pick you up now if you want. Dad’s friend won’t be there until later, but you can hang out with me.” His words gushed forth in his excitement. I thought for a minute before answering.
“Give me about an hour, Jace. I need to get ready. I’ll see you then?” As much as I wanted to keep my distance, I couldn’t. I just couldn’t be without him. Our link, the one I’d severed a week ago was more than just a line of communication. It was a bond, emotionally, spiritually, almost physically. We became one. As much as I hated to admit it, I didn’t feel whole without him.
I hoped an hour would give me enough time to get ready. My hair was a hideous mess and needed to be tamed before leaving the house. I carefully selected an outfit, chuckling at the stupidity of caring about my appearance when so much was at stake. I deliberately skipped the application of eye makeup because I was fairly certain tears could be expected in my immediate future.
When Jace pulled into the driveway, I began shaking all over. The need to be with him was so strong, it was overpowering. Thank God my mother wasn’t home, because I couldn’t have endured the tedious ritual of her small talk with Jace. I was out the door and in his arms before he made it halfway across the driveway. His initial shock was quickly replaced by elation.  He hugged me with a ferocity that matched my own. Our kisses were desperate, filled with a mixture of love, relief, apology and joy.
To my surprise, our link was as strong as ever. The instant we touched, his emotions rushed into me with shocking intensity. I released my pent up magic, letting it flow through him. A week’s worth of tension and heartache was alleviated the moment I removed the block.
“We can’t ever let this happen again,” he whispered against my neck. “Never.”
“I know. Never again,” I replied, my tears beginning to flow. Jace drew back gently and led me to the passenger seat of the truck, helping me in. As soon as he shut the door, I leaned my head against the back of the seat, sighing with relief.
Jace drove carefully, silently, watching for any signs of Hunters. I had some serious thinking to do. The way I saw it, I had two choices. I could shut down my link to Jace once again, effectively blocking Re’Vel from my dreams. I could still keep my secret. This option hadn’t worked out very well so far. Re’Vel was gone for now, but the separation from each other was killing Jace and me.
Option two involved spilling my guts to Abe and Jerica and asking them for help. This option was risky, to say the least. I risked alienating the entire family, including Jace. How would they react to my admission of evil? How long would they tolerate me if they knew the truth? My evil was so strong, I attracted Demons in my dreams.
I spent the afternoon with Jace, talking very little, but feeling closer to him than I ever had. Despite the secrets I had yet to reveal, I relaxed for the first time in days. It was hard to keep my eyes open now that I’d finally let my guard down. I struggled to stay awake, my fear of seeing Re’Vel in my dreams the only thing that kept me conscious.
“Why don’t you take a nap? I’ll wake you up before dinner,” Jace offered. It was so, so tempting.
“No matter what, don’t let me fall asleep. I’ll explain later. I promise. After dinner, I’ll tell you everything. There’s a reason I blocked you, and it had absolutely nothing to do with you.”
His forehead creased with concern. “Rachel, please. You can’t say something like that and not tell me what’s going on. That’s not fair.”
I wanted so badly to give in. “I promise I’ll tell you later. I only want to say it once, so I want to wait until your mom and dad are around to hear it,” I explained.
“You don’t have to say anything. Just open your mind.” He reached out and caressed my cheek, and I almost gave into him. He made it even more difficult to temper my flow of thoughts when his lips crashed down on mine. His mouth traveled a fiery path down my neck, and I finally pushed him away when I heard a car door slam outside.
“We’ll continue this later?” he asked.
I nodded in response, not quite trusting myself to speak. Would we continue our conversation later, or would our relationship be irreparably changed after my heritage was revealed? Only time would tell.
***
If I hadn’t been so anxious to hear about my father, I would have enjoyed Albert’s stories. He’d certainly led an interesting life, changing careers with a frequency that boggled the mind. I wondered how he and Abe had formed such an enduring friendship. They seemed so different. With Abe’s dark skin and football-player physique, he was the opposite of his slightly-built, rapidly balding, pale, unintimidating friend.
Abe and his buddy spent dinner catching up on all the latest gossip in the magical world. Over coffee and dessert, they reminisced about the days of their youth. Abe and Albert met during their first year at the Warrior Training Bureau. Albert looked like a very unlikely candidate for that type of work, but apparently back in the day, young men were automatically expected to follow in their father’s footsteps. That first day of training, Abe took him under his wing, but Albert didn’t last long. By the end of his first year, he’d already decided to transfer to the Watcher training facility on the other side of Central.
Albert completed his training to become a Watcher, but was never able to settle into an assignment. He quit while he was still a Novice. Over the years, he’d auditioned many careers including research assistant, interpreter, and computer programmer. He finally opened a detective agency in the private sector, taking occasional assignments from those in the magical community. The idea of working with a private detective seemed kind of sleazy, but if Abe trusted him, that was good enough for me.
Some of Albert’s stories were so interesting, I got caught up for a brief period of time and enjoyed myself. But the majority of that long dinner, I just wanted to tell him to get on with it and tell me what he’d learned about my father.
After dinner, Jerica, Abe, Albert, and I gathered in the living room while Jace quickly cleared the table. Jerica flinched when Jace made some particularly loud crashing sounds in the kitchen. He didn’t want to miss anything, so he was trying to work at lightning speed. Minutes later, he emerged from the kitchen and sat down on the loveseat next to me.
My breathing came in anxious gasps. For a moment, I was tempted to tell Abe to forget about it, that I didn’t really want to know what Albert had to say. Jace whispered in my mind, begging me to calm down. Seconds ticked by as Albert gathered up his notes, but it felt like a lifetime of waiting.
Albert was all business when he began speaking. “Well, Abe, this was an interesting case. When you first approached me, I thought it would be a breeze, but I’ll tell you, I had a hard time unraveling this one.”
Clearly, he relished the idea of dragging it out, increasing the suspense. I barely resisted the urge to rip the notes out of his hand and read the results of his inquiry myself.
“Basically,” Albert said, “the man known as Darius Franklin Stevens, is in fact Jabron Nkaribo. He was born in Nigeria on December 21st 1960. He had an older sister, Keira, and a younger brother, Palo. Palo was killed just a couple of years ago. Keira has two surviving children—Mordecai and Samuel.”
Albert’s words seemed to echo and then fade away. He couldn’t be right. Someone gave him bad information. My father wasn’t from Nigeria. It was impossible. Wasn’t it?
“Mordecai—wait, isn’t that the guy Bryce brought home for New Year’s?” Jace asked, leaning forward.
“Yes,” Abe said, frowning.
If what Albert was saying was true, I had two first-cousins I didn’t even know, one of whom had visited this very house while I was in Atlanta. Had I stayed behind, I might have been introduced to my cousin. Would Mordecai have figured out the connection? It was unlikely given the fact that I’d lived my entire life with the wrong last name. Nkaribo. My last name should have been Nkaribo. It didn’t sound right—but, yet it did.
“Jabron attended the Watcher academy from 1977 through 1981.” Albert paused, switching from his cold reading of the facts to a more personal tone. “I trained with him. He was just a couple of years ahead of me. Do you remember him, Abe?”
“Yes, I do,” Abe answered shortly. I was unable to determine from his tone whether or not he’d liked my father. Right now it was hard for me to like Jabron—this man I didn’t know. This man who was my father.
Albert shuffled through his notes, finding the spot where he’d left off, and continued. “His first assignment was in the Birmingham area and he finally settled in Atlanta two years later.” He paused to give Abe a paper showing a bunch of dates. “Here’s a marriage certificate between Darius Stevens and Amelia Jane Stanford. That was actually the first legal record I found where he’d used the name Darius Stevens. A son, Jeffrey Alan, was born the following October, and then a daughter, Rachel Francine, on June 1st, six years later.”
“And you’re certain that’s Jabron?” Abe asked.
 “Oh, yes. Look at this wedding announcement. And this driver’s license picture for Darius. If that isn’t the spitting image of Jabron…”
Abe glanced at the photographs in Albert’s hands and nodded. “That’s Jabron. No doubt about it.”
Albert continued. “A year or so after Darius’s wedding, several assets were transferred from Jabron’s name into Darius’s name. A few of those assets were transferred to Keira’s name right before Jabron’s death six years ago when his car spontaneously burst into flames. The authorities suspected foul play, but gave up on the investigation before they determined exactly what had happened. There was something suspicious about that, if you ask me.”
My heart clenched in pain. My father was a liar who hid his true identity from his family. He was a Spellbringer, trained as a Watcher. I knew he’d died in a car accident, but I’d never heard anything about suspicious circumstances.
“I’m here, Rachel.” Jace soothed my mind with his calm assurances. “We’ll get through this.”
Albert continued, “Now, for the interesting part. Darius worked for a Demon named Re’Vel.”
“I know him.” My words burst forth before I could think. I couldn’t hold back any longer. I should have waited until Albert was finished telling us about his investigation, but I couldn’t help myself. The moment I heard Re’Vel’s name, I couldn’t contain my secret any longer.
“He’s had access to my mind for weeks. I thought they were just dreams, but I was wrong. Until a few nights ago when Abe mentioned Re’Vel crossing the Georgia border, I didn’t realize he was real. At first, he was like a friend. Then he began tempting me, trying to convince me to follow him. The last time I dreamed of him, he scared me. He told me I belonged to him and that ya’ll were trying to trick me.” I looked at Jace. “That’s why I put a lock on my magic. I’ve been trying to block him from my dreams, and I didn’t know how to do it without blocking you too. I was afraid he’d come for me. Truthfully, I’ve hardly slept in days.”
Jace whispered in my mind, “You’ve been through so much, and I haven’t been there for you. I’m sorry Rachel. I should have beat down your front door when you refused to talk to me.”
“Oh, Rachel. I wish you would have told us. You didn’t have to go through this alone,” Jerica said. I couldn’t believe they weren’t angry with me for dragging their whole family into all this trouble. Jace wasn’t upset that I’d been dreaming about another man. He still loved me. So far.
Albert stammered for a second, trying to get his bearings before picking up the threads of his story. “The Demon Re’Vel convinced Jabron to work for him. Jabron fed him information about the inner workings of Central until the Head Examiner released Jabron from his duties pending an investigation. Jabron began using the name Darius exclusively and settled right here in Oaktree. He worked as a traveling salesman and spent a lot of time away from home.” Again, Albert paused.
When he said ‘traveling salesman’, he’d used his fingers to form quotation marks. I hated it when people did that, especially when it was used to illustrate what a sneaky liar my father was.
“The verifiable portion of my investigation ends here. Rumor has it Jabron had a change of heart a few years ago and tried to contact Central. He died shortly after. The people I’ve talked to believe Re’Vel had Jabron killed. The Demon couldn’t risk allowing Jabron to spill his secrets. One interesting fact I forgot to mention, was while Jabron attended the Academy, he took quite an interest in ancient curses and claiming spells.” Albert paused again, this time to open a portfolio of photographs. I recognized many of them.
Albert extracted a couple of pages and passed them to Abe, who in turn handed them over to Jerica. “These are just a few photos of Jabron at the Academy. As you can see, the graduation photo for Jabron is nearly identical to the wedding announcement for Darius.”
Jerica wordlessly passed the photos over to Jace and me. My father’s face stared back at me when I viewed the photographs. The graduation picture could have been my brother Jeffrey, they looked so much alike.
“This next set of photographs, you will recognize.” Albert passed over another page. “Jerica, your translation of the tattoo, of course, was correct. I asked a Spell Master at the Academy to have a look to verify. He made a few notes on the side for your review.”
“Claiming spell,” Jerica read aloud, “Demon Mark…can be used as a suppression spell. A tattoo, of course, would be permanent as opposed to a written or verbal spell which could be reversed.”
Jerica offered the page to Jace and me, but I waved it away. I didn’t need to see images of the curse my brother would bear for the rest of his life.
“That wraps it up. The rest is conjecture. I don’t think Jabron ever really had a chance to escape Re’Vel. Anything the Demon touches is corrupted by pure evil,” Albert said.
My gaze stayed fixed on my tightly clasped hands. Tears fell silently and I watched them trickle between my fingers. I was afraid to move or look at anyone. Corrupted by pure evil—that’s what I was. Any minute, I suspected, this wonderful family would recoil from me in horror. Jace stood up and walked away. I didn’t blame him. I would have left me too.
I was too absorbed in my own pain to hear Jace’s soft footsteps as he returned. He sat on the loveseat next to me, closer than before, and handed me a box of tissues. He put his arm around me and reached up with his other hand to wipe a tear from my cheek.
“I love you,” Jace said out loud.
“I love you too,” I replied using our private form of communication. I couldn’t speak at that moment. I loved Jace more than ever before and felt like an idiot for ever comparing him to Re’Vel and finding him lacking. I’d once viewed Jace as an irresponsible teenage boy. From this point forward, I saw him as a man—a man who just drew a line in the sand and declared his love for me in front of his parents and his dad’s old friend from the past.
I sat in a daze for the duration of the evening. Abe steered the conversation around to lighter topics, chatting with Albert about some things I didn’t pay much attention to. Before Albert left, Jerica took down the name of the Spell Master he’d worked with at the Academy.  She said she had a couple of questions about the curse. Abe and Jerica thanked their old friend for his help, and before I knew it, he was out the door.
We all breathed a sigh of relief when he was gone. I couldn’t remember a more stressful and upsetting evening. Jace sat next to me through it all, holding my hand, whispering in my mind. Abe and Jerica messed around in the kitchen for a few minutes, emerging with a tray of steaming cups of coffee.
“You doing okay, Rachel?” Abe asked, smiling. “You’ve had a lot to take in. It’s been a shock for you, hasn’t it?”
“I’m okay, I guess. I have a lot to think about. My whole life has been turned upside down. I don’t know what to think about my father. How could he appear to be so normal when he was so evil?” My voice shook with emotion and I prayed I wouldn’t start crying all over again. My eyes already felt puffy and a headache was setting in.
“The word evil has been used entirely too much tonight. We don’t know what was in Jabron’s heart. Let’s not judge him, okay?” Jerica always knew what to say to make me feel better.
“I think before it’s all said and done, we’ll find out a lot more about your father. As for tonight, I think we should focus on solutions. We need to find a way to keep Re’Vel from attacking you in your dreams,” Abe said, lifting a cup of coffee from the tray and taking a sip. “It has become apparent that the Protection spells surrounding your house are not adequate. We’ll need to use different spells to keep the Demon out.”
“But you said Rachel’s house already had Protection spells surrounding it,” Jace said. “Why did the protection stop working? Why wasn’t it strong enough to keep Re’Vel away?”
“Re’Vel told me in one of my dreams that he was the one responsible for providing protection. He said he put up the spells,” I said.
“The Protection spells were meant to repel enemies. Re’Vel was not your father’s enemy at the time the spells were performed,” Abe said. “We’ll just have to put up different spells. Jerica and I can use the same spells we used when we moved into this house. It’s very simple. We can write down each spell on a piece of paper. All you have to do is bring the papers into the house and hide one in each room in a safe place. I can reinforce the spells later when your mother isn’t home.”
Abe and Jerica discussed certain spells and their various uses before deciding on the best combination. I zoned out, barely able to stay awake, while Jerica inscribed each spell onto a separate piece of paper. They discussed the merits of hiring a Protector to accompany me when I left my house, but my head hurt too badly to stage a protest. It was a battle I would save for later. 
Jerica insisted that Abe drive me home just in case. Since my extreme exhaustion and stress made it impossible for me to control my magic, she feared Hunters would be drawn to me that night like palmetto bugs to a porch-light. I did not find this reassuring. I did, however, find it comforting that Jerica and Abe were putting forth their very best efforts to protect me. Armed with my Protection spells, I staggered out the front door and into the backseat of Abe’s car. Jace sat beside me, his arm wrapped protectively around my shoulders.
At home, I waited until Mama went to bed, and then stashed the Protection spells in various nooks and crannies throughout the house, hoping these scraps of paper would be effective.
When I was finished, I fell into bed, more fatigued than I’d ever been. With our link reestablished, Jace and I talked until I couldn’t keep my eyes open any longer. Despite the fact that I’d relaxed tremendously since my admission to allowing Re’Vel access to my dreams, there was still something pulling at the back of my mind, making it difficult for me to fully surrender myself to sleep.
I remembered what had been bothering me as my eyes began to close. “Jace,” I whispered across our link. “I forgot to confess one thing, one very bad thing. I lied to my mother and used Persuasion on her to get her to believe me. Do you think I’m evil?”
“You’re a good person, Rachel. I love you.” Jace’s voice was the last thing I heard before I sank into the oblivion of sleep. I slept safely, soundly, secure in the knowledge we would never be apart. Never again.
Chapter Twenty-Five
Alisa

I woke up feeling wired. It was way too early to be up and about. Being awake at nine A.M. during summer vacation was unheard of. I couldn’t even contemplate falling back to sleep. It was the day I’d been waiting on for months. Barring any flight delays or other travel complications, I would see Bryce by nightfall. I thought I might possibly die if anything happened to extend the time I had to wait to see him. Already, I painfully counted the hours. Any delay would be heartbreaking.
It didn’t seem real. Could I fully remember what he looked like? Was the image in my head accurate after these many months? More importantly, would I live up to his expectations? Just thinking about Bryce’s possible rejection brought on a bout of nausea. I couldn’t bear it if Bryce’s expression of happiness at seeing me faded to disappointment when he realized what he was getting.
It wasn’t only Bryce I was worried about seeing that evening. This would be my first time seeing Rachel since her huge fight with Jace. He assured me she was fine now and harbored no ill feelings toward my friendship with him. But still, Rachel and I hadn’t spoken in a week and I felt weird about that. Maybe if she saw how happy Bryce and I were together, she wouldn’t worry that I still had feelings for her boyfriend. She should know darned well Jace didn’t have any feelings for me. He was completely in love with her and she had nothing to worry about.
I knew I shouldn’t expect me and Bryce to be an instant couple the second I saw him, but we kind of were a couple already. At least I hoped so. He was certainly open about his feelings in his emails to me, but all that could change when we talked face to face. I felt dizzy with apprehension and riddled with self doubt.
My parents had already left for work, so I had the house to myself. I quickly showered, dressed, and headed downstairs to bake the chocolate chip cookies I’d promised Bryce. At first, I figured baking cookies would take up at least a couple of hours including preparation and cleanup. It would be something to do to keep me occupied and help keep my mind off Bryce. The problem was, after the initial mixing of ingredients, there remained a lot of time where I did nothing at all. Once a batch was in the oven, I had to wait ten minutes for the cookies to bake.
Waiting led to thinking. Thinking led to daydreaming. Daydreaming led to trouble. While I paced around waiting for the oven timer to shriek, my thoughts inevitably strayed to Bryce. I kept finding myself skipping down the lanes of Fantasy Land and I had to yank myself back to reality repeatedly. To distract myself, I blasted twanging country music so loud it nearly burst my ears. I sang so obnoxiously, it was a wonder I didn’t shatter windows for miles around.
At last, the cookies were finished and the kitchen was spotless once again. I caught a glimpse of my reflection in the hallway mirror and had to double back to take a second look. The tan that I’d worked so hard on during softball season, the first in my life, had begun to fade. After sitting for two weeks in a semi-darkened room doing nothing but staring at a computer, my skin looked pale and sickly.
Determined not to frighten Bryce when he saw me, I quickly donned my bikini and gathered the necessary supplies for a day in the sun. A tan wasn’t the only benefit of playing softball. Between training with Abe and playing ball, I’d finally lost the ten pounds that had plagued my thighs for years. My mother purchased a lime-green bikini to celebrate my weight loss. Not that I would ever wear it out in public. It would be forever confined to my backyard.
Armed with a towel, suntan lotion, and my I-pod, I headed outside, draped my towel across my favorite lounge chair, and prepared to bake in the hot afternoon sun. I set the alarm on my I-pod so I’d have plenty of time to take a shower before seeing Bryce. I popped the earbuds into my ears and kicked up the volume, promising myself I’d remember to turn every thirty minutes or so in order to bake evenly. My back would probably burn since it wasn’t properly basted with the recommended SPF, but it couldn’t be helped. Baking in the sun wasn’t my favorite activity, but it was better than sitting in front of my quiet computer.
When I turned over and checked the time, I was appalled to discover I’d only been outside for about twenty minutes. After what seemed like a million years, I turned over yet again only to discover another thirty minutes had slowly passed. I flipped over on my stomach and drifted off to sleep for a while. After an hour, I woke up and felt a stinging stiffness in my back as I turned over to allow the front of me to get a shot at the sun. My face burned and it was impossible to go back to sleep. I passed the time by cranking the volume on my I-pod a little louder and singing along at random, making up my own lyrics when necessary.
“Rock,” I bellowed, shouting out one of the few words I knew. I loved this song. No way could I fall asleep to this one. “Rock,” I shouted out again, fist-pumping and feeling at one with the music. I heard something then—something that was not part of the song. Opening one eye and squinting against the bright sun, I pulled the earbuds from my ears.
Bryce stood over me, shaking with laughter. He was home early and I was embarrassed beyond belief. I jumped to my feet, covering myself with the towel as quickly as I could.
“What are you doing here?” I blurted.
“It’s good to see you too, Alisa,” Bryce said, still laughing. “I was able to take an earlier flight. I tried to call you several times, but you didn’t answer.”
“I guess I didn’t hear it,” I said, mortified.
“No wonder,” he said, gesturing toward my I-pod. “So, I decided to come over. I couldn’t wait another minute to see you. I knocked on your front door and had almost decided you weren’t home until I heard a strange sound coming from the backyard.” He started laughing again. It wasn’t my fault I couldn’t carry a tune.
“Sorry, I…” I didn’t know what to say. I had expected to meet Bryce at his house. It was rather disconcerting to see him here, hours ahead of schedule, standing in my backyard. The fact that I was half-naked didn’t ease my sense of discomfort. So much for the cute outfit I’d carefully chosen and the hours I planned to devote to looking my best before I saw him. I clutched the towel more tightly around me.
“Why are you so nervous, Alisa?” He took a step toward me. His voice was deep and smooth, sending shivers across my sunburned skin. He looked bigger than the last time I saw him—more muscular and…well, big. I blushed and took a step back.
“God, I’ve missed you,” he said, reaching one hand out to me. That was my undoing. Gone were all my reasons for being nervous, and in their place was pure joy and relief at being near him at last. I stepped into his embrace. We stood there for a long time, my head against his chest, his heart beating against my ear. He stroked my hair and whispered, “I’ve missed you so much.”
After an eternity, we pulled apart. I couldn’t quite look Bryce in the eye. My shyness was back in full force. “Um, I should go change,” I stammered.
“Why? You look great,” he commented, his eyes traveling the length of my towel-clad body. “I guess you could lose the towel, though.”
“Funny. I need to take a shower. Can you give me, like, twenty minutes?” I asked, wondering what I would do with him while he waited. “Do you mind waiting?”
“If you need some time, I can come back,” he offered, but the look on his face made it clear he preferred to stay.
“No, no, no, no,” I insisted, afraid to let him out of my sight. “I’ll hurry. You’ll have to wait outside, I think. I’m probably not supposed to have guys in the house when my parents aren’t home.”
“Probably not?” he asked, one eyebrow lifting.
“The subject has never come up. I’ve never had a boyfriend before, so I’m just guessing,” I said. “My dad would probably go ballistic if he came home and saw you inside.” I blushed, annoyed with myself for using the word boyfriend.
“Should I be afraid of your father?” he asked warily.
“He likes to hunt and he has a lot of guns. You decide.” I shrugged and walked toward the sliding glass patio door.
“I’ll wait here,” he said. “Take your time.”
Wise choice.
I showered at the speed of light. Ultra-aware of the passage of time, I had an irrational fear Bryce would leave the second my twenty minutes were up. After running a brush through my tangled, damp hair, dressing, and brushing my teeth, I flew downstairs. I grabbed the Tupperware container filled with the cookies I’d baked and rushed to the back door.
As promised, Bryce was still waiting. He’d stolen my lounge chair, though, and looked like he was half asleep. Hovering in the doorway, I stared open-mouthed at his long, muscled, jean-clad legs. The sleeves of his blue t-shirt stretched tight over his bulging biceps. The spot where his shirt had come untucked revealed a stretch of taut, ebony skin on his abdomen. I blinked to clear the fog of desire from my brain and shut the sliding glass door.
“Hey, you’re tan enough, show-off,” I said. He sat up and looked at me, again giving my appearance a once-over. I hoped he didn’t find me lacking.
“What took you so long?” He smiled and stood up, stretching. Spotting the container of cookies, he asked, “Is that what I think it is?”
“Maybe. Are you ready to go?” I was getting anxious to leave before one of my parents got home. I didn’t think I could endure the painful introductions that would lead to the inevitable questions later about what I was doing hanging out with a grown man. In reality, our age difference was only a little more than two years, but Bryce looked…well, old. Not like an old man, but he didn’t look like a teenager either.
Bryce could not keep his hands off me. Not in a sleazy way, or anything. He just kept touching me. He hugged me before we left my backyard. He held my hand on the way to his truck and again after he backed out of the driveway. He actually paid more attention to me than the cookies, which was both impressive and unexpected.
“Look, I want to spend time with you just the two of us, but not today. I barely saw my mom before I ditched her to come get you. I haven’t seen my dad or Jace yet. Is it okay if we hang out at my house today and then go off together tomorrow?” he asked.
“Yes, definitely. Your mom and dad have missed you so much. I didn’t mean for you to leave them and come get me. I could have borrowed my dad’s truck when he got home,” I apologized, hoping Jerica didn’t think I’d stolen her son away.
“Why are you apologizing? I couldn’t have waited another second to see you. I’ve never been so desperate to see someone in my life. So, is my little brother used to the idea of us as a couple?” He didn’t look very worried about how Jace would react. I think he rather liked the idea of causing a stir.
“I guess we’ll find out,” I replied, my stomach churning.
He grabbed my hand again the second we got out of his truck. I tried to pull my hand away when we went inside, but he wouldn’t allow it. My stomach was in knots at the thought of Jerica’s reaction to her son’s display of affection. Sure, she knew the two of us had developed a close relationship, but I didn’t know exactly what she expected. It would kill me if I saw even a hint of disapproval on Jerica’s face. I’d hoped Bryce and I would kind of play it cool over the summer and let everyone get used to the idea of us as friends before we tried to shove hand-holding and hugs down their throats.
Bryce clearly had other ideas. Still grasping my hand in his and dragging me along for the ride, he went in search of his mother. We found her in the kitchen, which was convenient, because much like his younger brother, Bryce’s eventual destination was always food.
“Hi, Mom. Alisa made cookies. Do you want some?” He finally released my hand and pulled milk out of the refrigerator and cups from a cabinet.
“No. I’m making dinner. Save the cookies for dessert,” she scolded. “Hi, Alisa. It’s good to see you, sweetie. Abe, Jace, and Rachel should be here in a while. We’ll have a welcome home party.” Her back was turned to me as she said this, the knife in her hand moving at warp speed as she chopped vegetables.
Bryce completely ignored his mother’s instructions to lay off the cookies. I declined his offer to join his eating frenzy, and watched while he ate a cookie in one bite and washed it down with an entire cup of milk. Abe and Jerica’s grocery bill was about to increase substantially.
“Do you need any help?” I asked Jerica.
“No. I’ve got it covered. Why don’t you get my son out of the kitchen before he eats everything in sight and spoils his dinner?” Jerica suggested, turning around and waving the knife menacingly toward her son.
Bryce, taking the hint, put the lid on the cookie container, stowed away the milk, and put his cup in the sink. He made a hasty retreat from the kitchen and I followed.
“Do you want to head downstairs and go a few rounds in Dad’s studio?” he asked, a wicked gleam in his eyes.
 Remembering the last time we’d sparred, I blushed at the memory of me lying flat on my back with Bryce on top of me. Judging from the huge smile spreading across his face, he was thinking along those same lines.
“Um, maybe some other time,” I stammered.
“Okay let’s just go downstairs and hang out,” he suggested, leading the way. He grabbed the remote for the TV and sat down on the sofa. I sat at the other end.
“Come sit by me,” he said. I moved a little closer, not looking at him. “Alisa, look at me. Why are you so nervous around me? Did I do or say something to upset you? Have you changed your mind about us? Just tell me and I’ll back off.”
The idea of him backing off sent waves of pain and panic right through me. “No. You didn’t do anything and I definitely didn’t change my mind. You know I’m not good around people,” I tried to explain. “I just don’t know how to act around you. And I’m not sure how this is going to work between us. You’re so…perfect. You’re older and more experienced and magically gifted.”
I began to tear up just thinking about Mordecai’s insistence that the male Spellbringer was drawn to the female’s magic. I had none—how could Bryce possibly be attracted to me?
“Alisa, what you have is better than magic,” Bryce said, wiping a tear from underneath my eye. “I have enough magic for both of us. Remember what I told you? You don’t need magic to be special.”
 “But still, I’m average in every way possible. I’m short and plain and boring. I can’t even carry on a normal conversation. I’m just waiting for the moment you’ll realize you could have so much more than a naïve high school girl from Hicksville.” I was on a roll now. That was one of my biggest problems. Once I opened my mouth, everything I thought came pouring out unhindered by common sense.
Bryce laughed. He moved closer to me and put his arm around me, pulling me against his chest. “There is nothing average about you. And you are never, ever boring. You’re beautiful, breathtaking. As for your height, I’m willing to overlook that. And I mean that literally. Did you know that if I’m standing behind you, I can see right over the top of your head? We’re made for each other. We’re the two most insecure, neurotic people on the face of the earth. We shouldn’t be set loose on the streets of Oaktree. It’s not fair to the rest of the population. It took me three flights to get home, and I worried through all three. I thought once you saw me again you would remember all the times I made a total ass out of myself. I’m still worried the excitement will wear off once I’m around all the time. I’m worried you’ll see me as an ordinary community college student with a bad attitude.”
I was surprised by the depths of his insecurity. “I like your bad attitude, so that’s not an issue. The short jokes will have to stop if we’re going to have a chance,” I said with mock seriousness.
He eased away from me and looked into my eyes. “I think I know what part of our problem is. It’s the anticipation. Maybe I should go ahead and kiss you now. You know, get it over with, so we can both relax.” Bryce tried to keep a straight face. “It’s for the greater good, Alisa. We can’t risk letting all this tension spill over. It could infect the rest of my family.”
“Well, if it’s for the good of all,” I said, hardly able to draw enough breath to say the words aloud.
He leaned over and pressed his lips to mine. It was different than the light kiss he gave me on New Year's Eve. I’d thought that was my first kiss, but I was wrong. This was my first real kiss and it was everything I’d always dreamed of and more. His lips were light and soft upon mine at first, then building in intensity. I melted into him, an act of complete surrender. When we finally pulled apart, we were both breathing erratically.
“I love you.” He leaned into me once again.
“I love you too,” I said. Bryce whispered in my ear—words unintelligible, yet beautiful. And though I couldn’t decipher the exact meaning of each individual word, I understood in my soul. “What was that?” I asked softly.
“It’s the language of the Fae. I don’t know the exact interpretation, but I can give you a rough translation,” he said, pulling away from me and looking me in the eyes. “I promise to protect you and take care of you until you decide you don’t want me anymore. I offer this honestly, willingly, with my heart and soul.”
My body trembled in response. In sharp contrast to his earlier joviality, he now seemed unusually solemn and serious. The words he spoke reverberated in my heart and I felt a deep connection as the words he spoke took root. He lowered his lips and grazed my neck.
Heavy footsteps pounded down the basement stairs. We sprang apart just as Jace entered the room, Rachel following closely on his heels.
 “So, Bryce,” Jace said. It wasn’t difficult for him to know exactly what had been going on before he came downstairs. I’m sure my cheeks were flushed and I had a guilty look on my face. “You and Alisa, huh?”
“Yes, I’m Bryce and this is my girlfriend, Alisa. You remembered our names. Good for you.” I loved it when Bryce was sarcastic. And I loved it when he called me his girlfriend.
“Hey, I don’t have a problem with it. I’m just surprised by Alisa’s bad taste, but if she’s responsible for the generous mood you’ve been in since Christmas, then I’m all for it. Get married. It’s fine with me,” Jace offered magnanimously. “Mom said to come up in a few minutes. Dad’s on his way and we’ll be eating soon.”
We all trekked up the stairs to wait for Abe, who undoubtedly would be anxious to see his newly returned son. Rachel gave Bryce a hug and told him it was good to see him again. Then she turned to me.
“Alisa, I’m so sorry I haven’t returned your phone calls.”
“That’s okay. I know you’ve been through a lot,” I said.
“No it’s not. That’s no way to treat my best friend.” She pulled me into a hug and we both had trouble keeping our tears in check. I glanced at Jace just in time to see him roll his eyes in response to our emotional moment.
I was relieved to see Jace and Rachel were back to normal. They held hands constantly, and when they thought no one else was looking, they exchanged tender kisses.
The reunion between Bryce and Abe was joyous and touching. To my immense relief, the family seemed to accept the idea of Bryce and me as a couple. This was a good thing because he didn’t stop holding my hand or putting his arms around me all evening long. Abe and Jerica took it in stride. I guess after raising three boys with dangerous and unpredictable magical powers, nothing fazed them anymore.
Unfortunately, the same thing could not be said for us younger folks. When Jerica made her big announcement, we were astounded.
“We wanted to wait until everyone was together again before we told you,” she said, her face glowing with pure happiness. “We’re having a baby.” Complete silence met this announcement. Then the room erupted with noise.
“Oh, Jerica. That’s wonderful. A new baby,” I exclaimed.
“Seriously? When did you find out? Have you been to the doctor? Is everything okay?” Bryce was clearly worried about his mother’s health.
“Aren’t you too old? How did this happen?” Jace asked, much to Rachel’s displeasure. She scowled at him before offering well wishes. 
“Congratulations,” she said. “What wonderful news.”
Abe was largely ignored through all of this. I glanced at him and smiled at his obvious pleasure. “Thanks Alisa and Rachel. Bryce, of course we’ve seen a doctor. Your mother is fine.  She’s in perfect health. Jace, lots of women in their forties have healthy pregnancies. And if you don’t know how it happened, then we’ve failed as parents.” Abe laughed at his son’s embarrassment when he said this.
I fought back tears of joy. After everything this family had been through, Jerica deserved every bit of happiness that came her way. They all did.
***
“Bryce, it’s almost midnight,” I said, looking at my cell phone. “I have to go home. I promise we’ll see each other tomorrow.”
“Just a few more minutes,” he insisted. “Please.”
“No. Now,” I urged.
“Fine,” he said, kissing me on the lips. “Let me tell my mom we’re leaving.”
He left me on the patio and disappeared inside, leaving the sliding glass door open just a crack. Jerica’s voice drifted outside and I was surprised to hear her crying.
“Do you realize what you’ve done, honey? I’m so worried for you, Bryce. If she refuses you…”
“How did you know?” he gasped.
“When you speak the Claiming Words, the initial ties form. I have Perception, honey. I can see what you did,” she said. 
I couldn’t imagine what she was talking about.
“I thought you’d approve. I thought you liked her,” he replied.
My heart sank. Jerica didn’t want me with either of her sons. I almost ran home, but my pain held me in place.
“I love Alisa like a daughter. I couldn’t wish for a better mate for you. But it’s too soon. Once you say the words, there’s no turning back—not for you,” she said.
“Don’t tell Dad,” he pleaded.
“Honey, I can’t promise anything. You know why that is…” The sound of her voice trailed off, presumably because they’d moved further into the kitchen.
I strained to hear them, but could not. Something told me Bryce’s murmured, foreign-sounding words he’d whispered in my ear earlier, led to this discussion between them, but I couldn’t be sure. I tried to latch on to the one thing that gave me comfort—Jerica loved me.
“Just tell me one thing,” Bryce said as their voices moved closer to the doorway. “Will it work between a Spellbringer and a human?”
A long pause ensued. Even though I had no idea what they were talking about, I held my breath and waited for Jerica’s response. Her voice was so filled with emotion, I closed my eyes against the anguish I heard.
“Oh, honey. That’s what I’ve been trying to tell you. It already has.”
Seconds later, Bryce came back outside and the light of victory was in his eyes. Whatever it was that worried his mother so, brought him indescribable joy. There were so many questions I wanted to ask, but I couldn’t figure out a way to do so without admitting I’d been eavesdropping.
“Ready?” he asked, jangling his keys.
I concentrated on retaining my composure and followed him to the front yard. He helped me into his truck and leaned down to kiss me before he closed the door.
Climbing into the driver’s seat, he turned to me and asked, “Are you okay? You’re really quiet all of a sudden.”
“I’m fine. I just don’t want to get in trouble for coming home after curfew,” I said.
When we arrived at my house, Bryce put the truck in park and walked me to my front door. He kissed me until I had to lean against my front door for support. I sincerely hoped my dad wasn’t on the other side of the door wondering why I was taking so long to come inside.
“I’ll see you early tomorrow morning,” Bryce whispered in my ear.
“Yeah, unless I’m grounded,” I said, remembering it was past my curfew.
“Don’t worry about that. If your parents give you any trouble, just let me know. I’ll persuade them to back off,” he promised. I suspected he spoke of the magical form of Persuasion, rather than the human variety. He lowered his lips within an inch of mine and whispered, “We can’t be apart. Not anymore.”
My soul reached out to his, and in my imagination, I could see the ties Jerica had spoken of. Ties that bound us together. Ties that stretched and grew thinner as Bryce walked away. I could hear his Claiming Words as a whisper in my heart. My soul reached out to his, and I knew Jerica was right. Whatever Bryce had done had obviously worked. There was no turning back—for either of us.
Chapter Twenty-Six
Rachel

With the new Protection spells protecting my home, I was able to fall asleep easier, but true restful slumber remained elusive. Sometimes when I fell asleep, I could still see the forest. I could still hear the Demon’s call. I worried Re’Vel would try to contact me, and I worried about my desire for him to do so. But most of all, I worried my questionable lineage meant evil lurked within my veins. Maybe that’s why Re’Vel wanted me so badly. Maybe that’s why the Cold One wanted me as well. I wondered if the Cold One—the man Re’Vel called Nevare—was a Demon too. If two Demons were fighting over me, what did that say about me?
So much had happened lately, it was hard to come to terms with my own identity. I constantly thought about my father’s secret past and his side of the family whom I knew nothing about. I felt an overwhelming curiosity about Mordecai, the cousin I’d never even met, and I had a burning desire to know more about him. I’d asked Alisa and Jace for details. After all, they’d met him at New Year’s. But they didn’t know him very well. I could tell from Alisa’s demeanor that she didn’t like him at all. All Jace could tell me was that he was sarcastically quiet. That didn’t tell me much.
Bryce was the person I really needed to talk to. He knew Mordecai best. I thought about asking him for information, but was nervous about approaching him. I didn’t really know Jace’s older brother, but from what I’d seen of him at Christmastime, he was pretty abrasive and intimidating. It had been a week since Bryce’s return and I still hadn’t bolstered up the courage to talk to him.
Both Alisa and Jace offered to talk to Bryce for me, but it wasn’t the same. I needed to talk to him myself. Or better yet—talk to Mordecai. Maybe Bryce could give me an email address or a phone number so I could contact him. It was worth a try. I wasn’t sure how to explain to Mordecai that we were related, but I figured I’d worry about that once I had the means to talk to him.
I decided to talk to Bryce at the next available opportunity, but getting away from my house was more difficult than I expected. Even though it was summer break, I still didn’t have total freedom. My movements were restricted by the safety measures imposed upon me by the Alexanders. My movements were also restricted by my mother. I still had to ask permission before going anywhere and it was frustrating when I had to forgo fun in favor of chores and church work. Since I didn’t have a summer job, my mother expected me to help out at church, cleaning, doing paperwork, helping the Sunday school teachers prepare for Vacation Bible Camp.
It was irritating to be stuck in church while Jace, Bryce, and Alisa were enjoying their summers, especially when I felt like I was wasting valuable time I could be talking to Bryce about my cousin.
At last, I’d earned a reprieve. My mother decided I deserved a day away from church. She even gave me a little bit of spending money and told me to use it wisely.
“Before you go off with your friends, make sure you finish your chores.”
“Yes ma’am,” I agreed, anxious for her to leave. I couldn’t wait to call Jace and tell him I was a free woman. As soon as she bustled out the door, I contacted Jace across our link and told him the good news.
“I can’t wait to see you,” he said. “Only problem is, I already agreed to play tennis with Alisa and Bryce. I don’t have to go, though. They’d probably like some time alone anyway.”
Thinking quickly, I said, “It’s fine. We’ll go to the tennis courts for a couple of hours and then hang out alone later.”
“You sure?”
“Yeah.” With any luck, I might find some time to talk to Bryce. The Alexanders were tennis fiends, and although they hadn’t managed to convert me, they usually dragged me along for the ride. If there were only three playing tennis, chances were, there would be a few moments Bryce would sit out while Jace and Alisa competed. And when that happened, I’d have Bryce all to myself.
I sat against the fence, watching from the sidelines, wishing we were anywhere else but here. What was I thinking when I agreed to watch them play tennis? It was ninety degrees in the shade, and at this particular park, there wasn’t a lot of shade to be found. It was a run-down, seldom-maintained park with only a rickety, rusty set of swings, a basketball hoop with no net, and a tennis court with grass growing between the cracks in the blacktop. Since they opened the new park across town with the state-of-the-art playground, beautifully manicured baseball fields, and scenic walking trails, no one ever came here. Jace and Alisa favored it because there was never a wait to use the tennis courts like there was at the new park.
Waves of heat radiated off the tennis court and I used some of the water from my water bottle to cool off my neck and shoulders. Jace and Alisa faced off and I rolled my eyes. Those two wouldn’t quit until there was a clear winner and loser, so it could be hours before we could pack up and go home. I sighed in resignation.
Bryce jogged over to where I was sitting and grabbed a water bottle, drinking most of it in one gulp. “I’m gonna go refill at the water fountain. Do you need more?” he asked.
“I’ll go with you,” I offered, hoisting myself off the ground. I brushed off the small bits of gravel that stuck to the back of my thighs.
I followed Bryce to the small, deserted playground and tried to think of a casual way to bring up the subject of my first cousin, however, Bryce beat me to it.
“My mom told me about your dad. That sucks.” He reached for my water bottle and dipped it under the fountain. “I trained with your cousin, Mordecai. He was my training partner last year.”
“What’s he like?” I asked.
“Powerful,” Bryce replied.
That was a strange answer. I’d expected funny, or smart, or troublesome. I’d heard a little about him from Alisa. She said he was creepy, but that was about all. Of course she’d only known him a day and Alisa was notoriously shy.
“He’s an Nkaribo,” Bryce said. “What can I say?”
I took the water bottle from him and followed him toward the tennis court, hoping he would say something else. I was an Nkaribo, apparently, and that didn’t mean anything to me. I struggled to speak, but there was something intimidating about Bryce.
At last, I blurted, “What did you mean when you said he’s an Nkaribo? You said that like it should mean something to me.”
“I didn’t mean anything against your family, Rachel. The Nkaribos are notoriously powerful, and not all of them have used their power for good. As you already know, your father was rumored to have worked for the Demon Re’Vel, but some say he worked for Nevare as well,” he said, frowning.
My heart beat rapidly in my chest, and I felt lightheaded, like I was having a heatstroke. I swayed on my feet and staggered, missing a step. Bryce reached out to grab my arm before I fell.
“You don’t look too good. Let’s sit in the shade.” He guided me toward a picnic bench underneath a tall oak tree. We could see the tennis court from where we sat, and I wondered if Jace and Alisa had noticed our extended absence. I hoped they didn’t come looking for us. I had some questions for Bryce, and once Alisa came anywhere near him, he wouldn’t be able to pay attention to anyone but her.
“So he’s real too,” I mumbled.
“What?” Bryce asked. “Are you okay?”
“I’m fine.”
“Who’s real?” he pressed.
“Nevare.  I’ve seen him in my dreams. He was arguing with Re’Vel about claiming me. What does that mean? Jerica said my brother had Re’Vel’s Claiming Words in his tattoo, but I don’t understand how either of the Demons can claim me. I don’t have a tattoo.”
“You’d better tell me more about that dream,” Bryce said.
I suddenly felt very nervous about being with Bryce. I’d always thought Jace and Bryce looked quite a bit alike, but at that moment, Bryce seemed inhuman. His body was tense with cold, barely suppressed rage, his jaw rigid, his dark eyes menacing.
I quickly explained my recurring nightmare about the castle. When I told Bryce about Re’Vel’s insistence that his claim superseded Nevare’s vendetta, his face contorted. “My father killed Nevare’s brother, and in turn, Nevare killed mine. If it wasn’t for the Claiming Words, I’d hunt him down right now.”
His voice shook with fury, and the water bottle he held turned to crushed, cracked plastic in his fist. Bryce didn’t seem to notice the water trickling from this clenched fist onto the pine needles strewn under the bench.
“Nevare’s claim on me prevents you from pursuing him?” I asked.
Bryce glanced over at the tennis court and his face relaxed. “No. It’s my claim that prevents me from pursuing Nevare. But I don’t regret it. One day, the Demon will come for us, and when he does, I’ll be waiting.” 
Bryce’s claim? What did that mean?
I watched Jace chasing Alisa with his tennis racket raised over his head. I snickered. I was used to their antics, but Bryce didn’t seem amused. Not in the least. Surely, he wasn’t jealous. I mean, how could he be jealous of his own brother? They were just messing around. Like they always did.
Bryce advanced toward the tennis courts and I mumbled something about going to the ladies room. I trudged toward the pavilion at the other end of the park. The sun beat down on me and I slowed my steps. Kicking at gravel scattered across the pavement, I considered the implications of what Bryce told me. The Demon responsible for killing Jace’s brother had claimed me. My father gave my brother to Re’Vel—that was certain. But did he give me to both Re’Vel and Nevare? And why? If the claiming spell was in the necklace—a necklace I no longer wore—was the claim now void?
If only I could ask Re’Vel. But that was impossible. I’d cut him from my dreams. He was dangerous. Nothing good could come from seeking out the Demon. Besides I had little control over my dreams. What if I went in search of Re’Vel and found Nevare instead?
The relative shade under the pavilion provided some relief, but the humidity in the ladies room was stifling. Streaks of sunlight filtered in through filthy windows set high above the stalls. My phone vibrated in my pocket, and I pulled it out, glancing at the text message. My mother was wondering what time I’d be home. Soon, I hoped. I sent a quick reply and put my phone down on the sink.
I splashed some lukewarm water on my face and neck, but it did little to cool me off. I swatted at a fly, turned off the water, and dried my face with a stiff brown paper towel. Exiting the ladies room, I remembered my cell phone. Just as I turned back to retrieve it, a strong arm snaked out and grabbed my wrist, pulling me backwards. My body collided against a rock hard obstruction. A deep voice whispered in my ear.
“Rachel. At last, we meet.”
Oh, my God. I knew that voice. I’d know it anywhere. Re’Vel. The Demon from my dreams. But I wasn’t asleep. It was broad daylight and he was here. For real.
Re’Vel continued speaking seductively. With my back pressed against his marble-like chest and his arms wrapped around my waist, I couldn’t move. His voice caressed me, lulling me into a dreamlike state, and I wasn’t sure I really wanted to escape.
“I don’t know if I should be happy your guardians finally left you alone, or angry that they had such utter disregard for your well-being. How many times must you be attacked before they grant you real protection?”
“It’s not their fault,” I replied, barely thinking about what I was saying. “I didn’t want a Protector.”
“I’m pleased by your decision, Rachel. Because here you are, and here I am after days of following you, and you’re in my arms at last.”
His lips traveled the length of my neck and I melted into him, my limbs weak with desire. Re’Vel turned my body around until I was facing him. His gaze mesmerized me. Onyx eyes with hidden secrets, swirling colors in their depths. Beautiful eyes. Eyes I could stare at forever.
“Come with me, Rachel. You belong to me, and I belong to you. Our fates are intertwined. It’s destiny.”
“I don’t know,” I murmured, suddenly feeling unsure. I wanted Re’Vel. I craved him. But wasn’t there another? Someone else who shared my destiny? I couldn’t form his name on my lips, but I could see his face in the back of my mind. He was the one who showed me real magic. Jace.
“Of course, you’re coming with me, my love. Perhaps you misunderstood me. It was not a request. Hold on tight, Rachel.” Re’Vel pulled my body flush up against him. From deep inside, from the core of my being, an insistent force pulled at my magic. It was similar to the time the Hunter grabbed me in the woods, yet different. There was resistance. A resistance that was not my own.
“That lying, cheating thief,” Re’Vel thundered, shaking me from my apathy. “Nevare was right. Your father—your weak-minded, sniveling fool of a father—double-crossed me. How many had the chance to claim you? How many Demons was your father working for?” He grabbed my upper arms, shaking me until the fog of confusion lifted, and dreamy desire faded to terror.”
“Jace,” I screamed across our link. “He’s here. Re’Vel. At the pavilion.”
“Rachel, I’m coming,” Jace shouted back, his thoughts a jumble of panic in my mind.
Re’Vel must have seen horror and disgust in my expression, because he softened his tone and relaxed his grip. “But it’s no matter, Rachel. We don’t need to use Transport, do we, my love? We’ll travel in style. A private jet. The finest hotels. Comfort and luxury you’ve only imagined in your wildest fantasies. Doesn’t that sound lovely?”
“Yes,” I replied against my will. I knew I should recoil from Re’Vel, that I should twist from his grasp and escape. But part of me wanted to go with him before the Other came to save me. I’d summoned someone, but who? I couldn’t remember. Everything was so confusing.
“And it seems we are not alone after all,” Re’Vel mumbled, snatching my wrist tightly and spinning around so fast, he almost flung me to the ground. The ferocity of his movement caused the smoky haze to dissipate once again, but this time terror was tinged with relief. Jace appeared at the other side of the pavilion.
“Let her go,” Jace snarled.
“Well, if the boy commands it, then I suppose I must obey.” Re’Vel’s laughter was mocking and cold. “Let’s ask Rachel whose company she prefers. Rachel, would you like to stay here with the boy, or would you prefer to come with me?”
“I…I don’t…” I stammered, more confused than ever. Re’Vel was my friend. He said he would protect me.
“Rachel, he’s using Persuasion. Fight him,” Jace commanded.
“Why don’t you fight for her?” Re’Vel chuckled. “Why don’t you help her, son of Abe? Can you win the love of an Nkaribo—a direct descendent of the Fae? Demons will fight for her. They will crave her like a drug. And you? You are just a child. By the time you grow up to be a man, Rachel will already be mated with a child of her own. My child.”
“I’ll kill you before I let that happen,” Jace shouted. “I’ll tear your throat out. I’ll…”
“Perhaps. But others will come. Can you fight us all?” he asked, stroking my hair. “Can you fight Nevare? Your brother couldn’t.”
Jace charged at Re’Vel. With one flick of his hand, the Demon sent him flying backwards. He crumpled to the ground. Seeing him there and knowing it was Re’Vel who’d injured him, finally pushed Re’Vel’s insidious presence from my mind. I twisted from his grasp and stumbled out of his reach. I crouched into a fighting stance, ready to face him even though I knew I had no chance at defeating him.
Re’Vel laughed and raised both hands, shooting bolts of lightning at Jace who was just beginning to rise to his feet. Jace, the one who tried to save me. The one who came the second I called him. Jace, the one I truly loved.
Chapter Twenty-Seven
Alisa

“Do you think everything’s okay?” I asked Bryce.
Rachel had made a beeline to the ladies room after she and Bryce filled up the water bottles. When Jace found out she was alone, he went ballistic, calling Bryce a series of names I couldn’t repeat. For the first time in the history of their relationship, Bryce apologized for his lapse in common sense, but Jace didn’t acknowledge him. He stalked away toward the direction of the pavilion, muttering curses about how Central would give Protector rankings to anyone these days.
“Maybe we should go check on them,” I said. “Just to make sure.”
 “They’re fine. Jace has been gone less than a minute,” he said, kissing my neck. I shivered in the ninety-five degree heat. “Maybe we should play another game while we wait.”
“It’s too hot,” I said, pushing him away. His displays of affection embarrassed me. As much as I craved Bryce, I felt he was moving a little too fast. He was older than me. Probably more experienced too.
“You make me hot,” he said, reaching for me and pulling me close.
“Stop saying that.” A deep blush crept up my neck. I decided to change the subject. “Bryce, I have to tell you something. Promise me you won’t get mad.”
“Are you thinking of dumping me?” I shook my head. “Are you running away and joining the circus?” I laughed and shook my head again. “As long as you promise not to leave me, I promise I won’t get mad.” He seemed very serious all of a sudden.
“I overheard something,” I admitted. “The night you came home from WTB, when you were talking to your mom in the kitchen. She was crying…she said something about seeing the ties. What did that mean?”
“Nothing,” he said.
“It didn’t sound like nothing,” I pushed. Our relationship was still in the early stages, but I didn’t want it to be based upon lies. Besides, I knew he did something. He changed me somehow, and I had the right to know.
“Okay. When I whispered in your ear…like this,” he said, pulling me close and nibbling on my ear.
My stomach flipped over and my vision went hazy. I pulled away and tried to give him a stern look.
“It was a spell. My mom was upset because she thinks it’s too soon for me to make a commitment. She thinks I should have waited until you were ready.”
“You put a spell on me?” I gasped.
“No. I put a spell on me. I whispered the Claiming Words in your ear. I’ve tied myself to you. I’ve made a commitment to spend my life with you. But you’re under no obligation to me. Not yet,” he said.
I turned away from him, trembling. Why would he do that? And what did it really mean to tie himself to me? Of course, I felt obligated now. How could I feel otherwise?
“Don’t…” he said, putting his hand on my shoulder. “Don’t freak out on me. It’s just an initial tie, Alisa. It isn’t a permanent bond. Don’t you want to spend your life with me?”
I turned back around to face him. “I love you, but maybe your mom is right. Maybe it’s too soon for you to make such a huge decision. I’m only seventeen. I’m still in school. You may not want me in a year, or even in a month.”
“That’s impossible,” he insisted. “I’ll always want you.” He pulled me into his arms. “If I wasn’t sure about you, I wouldn’t have whispered the Claiming Words.”
“What does that mean? Claiming Words?” I asked. “Rachel said her brother’s tattoo has a claiming spell.”
“There are different kinds. Her brother’s tattoo is a Demon Mark. It’s permanent. The words I spoke are words of love, my intent to be with you forever.”
I couldn’t believe he’d even thought about forever. It amazed me that he loved me that much. After all, he’d only been home a few days. A lot could change over the summer. I’d watched Becky fall in and out of love a dozen times in a summer. And while I couldn’t imagine being with anyone but Bryce, I couldn’t imagine him wanting to spend the rest of his life with me.
“Are you sure?” I asked.
“I…” his response was cut short by the sound of thunder. Not thunder. A deep rumble pierced the still, silent afternoon. The blacktop shook underneath our feet. My first thought was that we were experiencing an earthquake. Bryce peered into the distance, his eyes widening in horror. “Over there,” he said.
I glanced in the direction of the pavilion and saw a wisp of smoke. “What is that?”
“Call my parents,” Bryce said.
“But I left my phone in the truck…” He was already gone. I bolted toward the truck and wrenched the door open. With trembling hands, I struggled to dial Jerica’s number on my phone.
“Pick up,” I muttered as the phone rang once, twice, three times. “Jerica,” I yelled when she answered.
“Alisa. What’s wrong?”
“Rachel…Jace…we’re at the old park, the one on West Street behind the abandoned school. There was an explosion…and then Bryce went running.”
“I’ll call Abe,” she snapped. “Help is coming.”
She disconnected. I jammed the phone in my pocket and raced toward the direction of the pavilion.
My sides were aching by the time I reached the empty parking lot in front of the pavilion. Bryce and Jace circled a pale, dark-haired man, while Rachel hovered to the side, looking anxious and terrified. I skirted along the periphery of the pavilion and reached Rachel’s side.
“It’s Re’Vel,” she whispered, grasping my hand. “The Demon. He found me.”
“It’s okay. I called Jerica. She’s sending help,” I whispered back.
We were both too unskilled and ineffective to help. Yes, we’d both faced Hunters in the past, but this was a Demon. He’d kill me without hesitation if I interfered, and I had no hope of turning the tide. I watched the battle, praying Jerica would be able to get in touch with Abe and the other Warriors.
Jace leapt over a table. Placing both hands in front of him, he shot a line of fire at Re’Vel. The Demon stepped out of the way effortlessly while Bryce extinguished the flaming bushes behind him.
“Careful,” Bryce warned. “Let me handle Re’Vel.”
Re’Vel flicked his pale hand toward Bryce, and a bolt of silver lightning shot toward him. Bryce put his hands in front of him and the lightning bolt sizzled into nothing. The Demon flew at Bryce and had him in a chokehold in a split second. Jace jumped forward, ripping the Demon off his brother, and throwing him across the pavilion. A concrete bench shattered from the impact, and I covered my head with my arms to protect myself from the debris.
“Shit,” Jace yelled. I looked up just in time to see him drop to the ground, presumably to avoid a blue fire bolt. Shards of ice scattered across the ground, some of the pieces melting right next to me.
Bryce countered the Demon’s attack with bolts of his own blue fire. The electric blue flames sizzled into shards of ice, some of which nicked the Demon’s pale flesh. Blood beaded up on the Demon’s face.
“And how did you develop such a dark gift, son of Abe?” the Demon asked, leering at Bryce.
The Demon Transported to the top of the pavilion. His cold laughter raised goose bumps on my arms. He shot fire from each hand, causing Bryce and Jace to duck out of the way. Bryce leapt to the roof, but the Demon knocked him back down immediately. I gasped and cried out.
Bryce staggered to his feet, and then appeared next to me in an instant. I reached out to him, but before I could touch him, Re’Vel leapt at Bryce, snatching him by the throat and throwing him across the pavilion. He fell against a picnic bench, and the sound made a sickening crack that made me cry out.
The Demon placed his hand in front of him and blinding white light sizzled between him and the two Alexanders. The white light spread outward, creating a shield.
“This has all been very amusing,” the Demon said, “but I’ve become tired of playing games with you. Rachel, come,” he said, turning to face her.
I watched in horror as Rachel’s expression changed from fear to one of dreamy content. She seemed spellbound, enchanted. She moved toward Re’Vel, her motions fluid. I snatched her arm, trying to hold her back, determined to protect her. She tried to pull away, but I held her in place.
The Demon’s eyes settled on me and I froze. He surveyed me calmly, then leapt toward me, grabbed my wrist, and pulled me against him before I could resist. One hand wrapped around my throat and before I knew what was happening, his hand was squeezing my windpipe and I could hardly breathe.
“Stay back,” the Demon hissed over his shoulder. Bryce had penetrated the barrier and stood just a few feet away. “If you choose to interfere, I’ll kill her. I can sever the ties that bind in an instant. Better keep your brother in check, because if he takes another step, you’ll have to find a new little human to hear your Claiming Words.”
“Please,” Bryce begged, his eyes pleading. “Don’t hurt her.”
Re’Vel released me and I staggered away from him, gasping for air. The Demon shot me an icy stare. “Stay there, human, or you’ll have to explain to Abe why he must bury his remaining sons.”
Re’Vel gestured for Rachel to come to him and she walked into his embrace without hesitation. Jace hurtled toward Re’Vel, but was flung backwards the moment he came within a foot of the Demon. Jace cried out in pain and the dreamy confusion on Rachel’s face faded. Her gaze sought out Jace, and when she saw him on the ground, bleeding from a gash on his forehead, her expression hardened.
“Shall we leave, my love?” Re’Vel asked.
For a moment, Rachel seemed to waver. Torn between confusion and anger, she seemed to fight against Re’Vel’s compulsion. And then, in a move that would’ve made Abe proud, she elbowed the Demon in the ribcage, spun around, kicked him swiftly in the stomach, and raced to Jace’s side.
Rachel had made her choice and the Demon’s rage could not be contained. As Re’Vel sped toward Jace and Rachel, Bryce leapt between them, protecting his brother. He faced the Demon, and though Bryce was intimidating and powerful, I feared his magical abilities wouldn’t be enough to defeat Re’Vel.
Without thinking, I picked up one of the huge chunks of concrete that had fallen during the battle. I crept up behind Re’Vel.
Bryce’s eyes went wide when he realized what I was going to do. Re’Vel must have noticed Bryce’s brief distraction, because he turned around at the very second I hurled the concrete chunk. It hit him in the chest, temporarily stunning him. Bryce hooked his arm around the Demon’s neck and squeezed, choking him. Suddenly, Bryce cried out and released the Demon as if he’d been burned. The skin on his arm blistered and smoldered. Re’Vel shot past Bryce, grabbed Rachel, and held her with her back against his chest. Extracting a dagger from a sheath at his ankle, he held the tip to her neck.
I prayed help would arrive before it was too late. For all of us.
Chapter Twenty-Eight
Rachel

Re’Vel’s grip around my waist was unyielding. The flash of a blade glinted in the sunlight and then a stabbing pain erupted at the base of my throat.
“Don’t struggle, my love,” Re’Vel whispered in my ear. “I’m not going to hurt you. I just need a small blood offering to bind us together, to reinforce my claim.”
 “You have no claim, Demon.” Abe’s cold, lethal voice came from right behind us. Re’Vel turned to face him, still holding my body against his. “Release her and we’ll spare your life.” To my surprise, Abe laughed. “What’s the matter, Re’Vel? Are you too weak to Transport with her?”
 “The weakest Demon is stronger by far than the mightiest Warrior, old man. Your bones will be centuries in the ground while I’m still walking this Earth.”
“Release her, Re’Vel. You don’t want to hurt her,” Abe said.
“I would never hurt Rachel,” Re’Vel countered.
“You already have,” Abe replied. “Let her go. You’re surrounded and there are Warriors on their way.”
“Do you think I’m afraid of a few Spellbringers?” Re’Vel laughed. “I could have killed your boys in an instant, but I kept them alive because Rachel seems to have formed an attachment to your family. Next time, your boys won’t be so lucky.”
“Don’t threaten my family, Demon.”
Two Warriors—Craig and Quinn, the same Warriors from the night of the Hunter attack—Transported and stood near Abe. They held daggers in each hand and glared at the Demon.
The blade pressed more tightly against my throat and I felt a trickle of wetness slide down my neck. Re’Vel removed the blade and caressed my throat. “I’ll be back for you, my love. Next time, you’ll come willingly. And if you don’t? I’ll have what I need to take you by force.”
 I slumped to the ground. For just a fraction of a second, I wondered what had happened.
“He’s gone,” a voice shouted.
Lifting my hand to my neck, I probed at the wound on my throat and was shocked by the intensity of the pain.
“Rachel, are you okay?” Abe asked, rushing toward me. “Craig, Quinn, secure the area. Make sure there were no witnesses, and make certain Re’Vel is really gone. Put up some security shields. Bryce, Jace, Alisa, are you okay?”
One by one, my friends reassured Abe they were relatively unhurt. Two more Warriors arrived and Abe snapped out commands while he inspected my wound. I waited for him to heal it, but he didn’t. Jace crouched down next to his father. He held my hand and inspected me for other injuries, but I was more worried about him than I was for my own wellbeing. I’d suffered a cut, but Jace had been electrified, flung around the pavilion, and had crashed into concrete with enough force to break it. Bryce had suffered similar treatment, and poor Alisa had nearly been choked to death. All because of me. I felt like crying, but I held back. Crying would just draw more attention to me and that was the last thing I wanted.
“I’m fine, Abe. I promise. Please, make sure the others are okay. Besides this tiny little cut, I’m not hurt at all.”
“Rachel, that’s not a tiny cut,” Jace said, moving my hand up to his lips and kissing my palm.
Abe performed cursory inspections of our injuries, and then with a few final instructions for the Warriors, directed us to the parking lot. Alisa grabbed my phone from the ladies room while Bryce quickly gathered up our tennis equipment and water bottles. We finally returned to the steaming hot cars, eager to leave.
Back at Jace’s house, we were scrutinized by Jerica. Abe set up a triage, healing injuries one by one, while asking us for every single detail about the Demon attack. We took turns filling Abe and Jerica in. Jerica took notes and sometimes asked for clarification, presumably for the report she’d eventually file regarding the incident. I told Jerica and Abe about Re’Vel’s fury when he discovered he couldn’t Transport with me, and his accusations that my father worked for Nevare. At the mention of the blond demon’s name, Jerica’s eyes widened with fear.
While we talked, I watched in fascination as the bruises on Alisa’s throat faded away at Abe’s touch. Abe murmured spells and the gash on Jace’s cheek mended almost instantaneously. The blisters on Bryce’s arm diminished and disappeared. When Jace, Bryce, and Alisa were patched up, Abe sat next to me on the sofa.
“Rachel, I can’t heal your cut.”
“Okay. Why?” I didn’t expect him to heal me, but I was curious about his reasoning.
“I’m a little worried about the blade the Demon used to cut you. I’d bet my life he used a magic-laced dagger, and if he did, any spell I use to heal you might do more harm than good.”
“How can we know for sure?” Jerica asked.
“We can’t,” Abe replied. “But this will heal on its own, Rachel. We’ll just treat it like a normal cut, watch for infection, keep it clean…that’s all we can do.”
Jace cut in on the conversation. “What difference does it make if the blade was magical?”
“I don’t know for sure, but some blades are infused with properties which enable them to collect blood. If he used the kind of dagger I suspect, it collected her blood like a syringe. Not just a little bit of blood like you would expect to find if the Demon had used an ordinary knife, but a sizable amount, preserved until the time he needs it.”
“Why would he need her blood?” Jace asked.
“For a binding spell,” Abe replied. “It’s obvious Re’Vel didn’t want to hurt Rachel. That’s not why he cut her. I believe he took her blood for a reason. If Nevare also has a claim to Rachel—and it seems like this is true based on Re’Vel’s inability to Transport with her—then I’ll bet Re’Vel is going to perform a spell to try to reinforce his claim.”
Okay, so now it all made sense. Well, at least the part about Re’Vel not being able to Transport with me. Re’Vel had been furious when he discovered I couldn’t Transport with him. It was proof that he didn’t have sole claim on me. When Re’Vel and Nevare argued in my dreams, Nevare claimed me, but Re’Vel must not have believed him. Either that, or he thought his claim took precedent. It was devastating to consider that my father gave me away so easily—just like he gave away Jeffrey’s magic.
“Is there anything we can do to keep Re’Vel from forming a binding spell with Rachel?” Jace asked.
“No,” Abe said. “There isn’t.”
“So what do we do?” Jace asked.
Abe and Jerica exchanged a look. “We keep Rachel safe,” Abe said. “Until she’s ready to let us employ a Protector, we take turns watching out for her.”
“If you need to go anywhere, just call me,” Jace said.
Jerica spoke up. “I don’t think Re’Vel will try to harm you, Rachel, but there are other dangers. There are other Demons and, of course, Hunters are a constant threat. Your best defense against Re’Vel is learning to protect your mind against his attempts at Persuasion.”
“I’ll make my magical security a full-time priority this summer, Jerica,” I promised.
“I know you will, sweetie,” she said, patting my hand.
Bryce leaned forward and put his head in his hands. “Rachel, I’m so sorry. I never should have left you alone.”
“It’s okay. It wasn’t your responsibility,” I said, looking down at my folded hands in my lap. “Abe and Jerica have warned me a million times about being careful. I should have known better.”
“Blame doesn’t help anyone,” Abe said. “Going forward, we’ll all be more vigilant. I’m proud of all of you. You kept your heads and handled yourselves remarkably well. All four of you.” Abe squeezed my shoulder and then stood up. “You need help making your report?” he asked Jerica.
“Yes, please. I expect to hear from Quinn and Craig any moment, and then I’ll call Central…” Jerica’s voice trailed away as they left the room. I was pretty sure they wanted to discuss the matter and speculate outside of our hearing. 
“Rachel,” Bryce said, moving to sit next to me on the sofa now that Abe had vacated his spot. “I really do feel like an ass. I was so self-absorbed, I barely heard you when you said you were going to take a detour.”
“Stop apologizing,” I replied. “Seriously, all three of you saved my life. Re’Vel said he’d been following me for days. He would have caught up with me eventually. In a way, I’m probably lucky. At least you and Jace were with me. I screamed out to Jace across our link, and he was there thirty seconds later.”
“I was already on my way over to look for you,” Jace said.
“You always look out for me,” I said. And then, not caring if the whole world was watching, I moved closer to him and pressed my lips to his. My hands moved from his rock hard chest to his shoulders. I wrapped my arms around his neck and deepened the kiss.
“I should rescue you more often,” Jace murmured when we finally broke apart.
“You should get a room,” Bryce said.
“Oh, look who’s talking,” Jace replied. 
Bryce had moved to the loveseat with Alisa. One hand was on her knee, the other was around her shoulder. They were both completely content. And for the first time in a long time, so was I.
My identity, my father’s past, my doubts about my magic—none of it mattered right now. With Jace, I could face anything: my lingering doubts about my magic, my crooked family tree, the mystery surrounding my father, and the Demon who wouldn’t leave me in peace. With Jace, I could remain steady amidst the shifting sands of my constantly changing life. He was my true love, my protector, my destiny.
Chapter Twenty-Nine
Alisa

Long after the sun had set, after a round of endless explanations, after Jerica made her lengthy report to Central, Bryce and I sat outside on the porch swing, our bodies so close, our legs were stuck together from the humidity. The late night breeze carried the smell of hydrangeas and offered some relief from the stifling heat.
“You’re very quiet. Are you sure you’re okay?” Bryce asked, nudging me softly.
“I’m fine. What about you? I don’t know what I would have done if…” I trailed off, embarrassed. “I’m just glad you’re okay. I don’t ever want to lose you,” I whispered.
“You won’t,” he said. He kissed me gently. I snuggled closer to him, not caring about the humidity, or the mosquitoes biting my ankles. My thoughts kept returning to the park. I’d nearly lost the only man I could ever love. And I’d nearly lost my best friend. 
 “What’s going to happen to Rachel?” I asked. “That Demon is going to keep coming back for her, and what if he catches her alone the next time?”
“She won’t be alone. You heard my parents. She needs constant protection,” he said.
“Why does Re’Vel want her so badly?” 
“He wants to take her for a Mate.” 
“That’s disgusting,” I blurted.
“What is? Mating? It might be fun. We could try it.” His hand moved to my thigh and I slapped it away.
“No. I can’t imagine anyone mating with a Demon,” I said, shuddering. “Wait. If Hunters are half-Demons, is that what Re’Vel wants her for? To create more Hunters?”
“Hunters are created when the Spellbringer’s magic isn’t strong enough. Rachel is an Nkaribo. One of the strongest of her bloodline. She can create a true half-Demon, or so Re’Vel hopes.” Bryce put his arm around me and pulled me closer. “Now, about mating…”
“Stop that,” I laughed, pushing his wandering hand away. “Is that all you can think about?”
“It is when I’m with you. Don’t you think about it?” he asked. 
My face burned with embarrassment and I was grateful for the darkness, otherwise Bryce would have seen the dark blush spreading over my cheeks. “We haven’t been together that long. I don’t want to move too fast.”
“I’m not going to push you, Alisa. I’ll wait as long as you want me to.” 
“But your parents…” I said, remembering the time not so long ago that Jerica seemed upset to see Jace holding my wrist. I felt reluctant to explain this to Bryce, uncomfortable at the idea of openly acknowledging the huge crush I’d once had on my boyfriend’s brother. “I don’t think your mom approves of you speaking the Claiming Words to me.”
“She approves of you—she just thinks we’re too young to make a commitment. She knew you were meant for me the very first day she met you. She has the gift of Prediction. That’s why she told you our family’s secrets,” he said. 
“Then why was she crying when she saw the ties?”
“Because once the Claiming Words are spoken, it sets events in motion. It will be impossible for me to stay away from you,” he admitted.
“Then why did you do it?”
“Because my soul was already bound to yours. The words just made it official,” he said. “I don’t regret it. I love you.”
“I love you too,” I said. 
He leaned over and kissed my cheek. He whispered in my ear, and this time, the words pulled me in, wrapped around my soul. This time, I knew what he was saying. This time, my soul called out to his, and somewhere deep inside myself, I made my own claim. “I’ll never stop loving you.”
“Promise?” he asked.
At last, I spoke my own Claiming Words—the human version, the only words I knew. “I promise.” I looked up and saw my future in his eyes. Once again, I saw the ties. But now they went both ways. Now I was ready for whatever my future might bring, as long as Bryce was a part of it.

Continued in Book Two: Firebound
The Spellbringers Series Continues…

Book Two: Firebound 
Rachel's thirst for knowledge about the family she never knew drives her to keep a secret from the Alexanders that shatters Jace's trust in her. With her renewed dream-relationship with Re'Vel, she walks a razor's edge, putting the entire Alexander family—and Alisa—in terrible danger.
Alisa and Bryce are more in love than ever, but his jealousy and possessiveness threaten to push Alisa away. With his Claiming Words ringing in Alisa's ears, she tries to reconcile her sense of independence with her desperate yearning for Bryce.
A dark enemy from the Alexanders past is out for vengeance and uses Rachel as his target to get to the family he despises. When Alisa is caught in the crossfire, Bryce is willing to sacrifice anything to save her—even his own soul.
***
Want to learn more about the Spellbringers series? Visit the Official Spellbringers Website for character profiles, excerpts, and more!
Glossary of Terms

Binding spell – A spell meant to bind one’s magic to another. Reversible. Strength depends upon the Spellbringer or Demon performing the spell. Can also depend upon the use of strengthening agents (blood, lock of hair, etc)
Blood Bond – An ancient spell invoked between two blood relatives. Often used by the patriarch of the family to partially claim the magic of his relatives in order to provide protection. A Blood Bond can also be formed if a significant amount of blood is consumed. This sort of bond is not a magical contract, but it does create a lasting connection.
Blue-fire – A cold, blue fire that burns into ice instead of ash. Usually associated with dark magic.
Central – Central Headquarters.  Houses the administrative and training facilities for Spellbringers all over the world.
Claiming spell – A spell used to claim another’s magic. This spell is often performed by a parent to mask a child’s magic until the child is old enough to train. Historically, Shifters granted Demons the right to claim their children’s magic. A claiming spell was used to perform this magical contract.
Claiming Words – A spell spoken between Spellbringers. It shows intent to form a lasting Bond, and though it’s not a permanently binding magical contract, it is nearly impossible to break. 
Demon – Immortal being. Demons are Fae who made a conscious decision to take the dark path.
Demon-fire – Fire unique to a Demon. Rare gift in Spellbringers. Can incinerate instantly. The only Fire known to kill a Demon.
Demon Mark – (Sometimes called a Mark) A tattoo used to mark a human or Spellbringer as a demon’s property. A semi-permanent claiming spell which can only be reversed by a proper counter-spell. Used by Demons to claim a Spellbringers magic. 
Empath – An Empath is a Spellbringer who feels the emotions of others as his or her own. Typically, Empaths have very strong psychic abilities and often, but not always, have some skill in Telepathy and/or Telekinesis.
Fae – Ancient magical being whose existence largely died out thousands of years ago. It is rumored that some Fae still exist in remote parts of Africa and Norway.
Hunter – The offspring of a Demon father and human or Spellbringer mother. Hunters are created when the mother’s magic is not strong enough to endure the pure dark magic of the Demon. An incomplete magical Bond results in damaged offspring—the Hunter. Hunters are cunning, but driven solely by instinct. Historically, Hunters were created by Demons in order to form a magical army; however, in recent times, most Hunters are loners and unguided by their patriarch. They are driven by the need to hunt and thirst constantly for the magic of their victims. Their eyes typically burn red when prey is nearby. 
Innocent – A Spellbringer who is unaware of his or her heritage.
Link – A telepathic connection between two or more persons.
Perception – The ability to sense magic and magical ties. Spellbringers with Perception often possess some level of Empathy and/or Prediction.
Prediction – The ability to predict the future. Prediction is variant gift, since the future is never set in stone. Spellbringers with Prediction usually have no control over this gift. They receive random flashes of insight, but are rarely able to divine the future at will.
Protector – A WTB trained individual who is officially assigned to provide protection. 
Shifters – Spellbringers who have chosen to work for a Demon.
Spellbringer – Descendents of human and Fae who possess magical abilities.
Telepathy – The ability to communicate by sending and receiving thoughts.
Watcher – A Spellbringer who has been trained and sanctioned by Central. They work in various capacities, overseeing the protection and training of other Spellbringers.
Warrior – A four-year trained graduate of WTB who is charged with Demon-slaying.
WTB – Warrior Training Bureau. A training facility for Warriors and Protectors.
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
A huge thank you goes to Maegan Provan for the beautiful book cover. You’ve been an incredible friend through some very trying times and I appreciate everything you’ve done to help me. 
Huge hugs go to Sophie Tallis, Melanie Dent, Amy Metz, Michel Prince, and Misty Harvey. Thank you so much for your words of encouragement and for your endless support. This book would not have been published without you.
As always, boundless gratitude goes out to my family—my parents, my husband, and my children. Thank you for your patience and your sacrifice as I spent the past four years consumed by this book in one way or another. 
About the Author:
Tricia Drammeh is a wife, a mother of four children, and an author. She lives in New Hampshire with her family. When she isn't writing, she can be found devouring books, chasing cats, and consuming vast amounts of coffee. You can learn more about Tricia by visiting her website: http://www.triciadrammeh.com/

Books by Tricia Drammeh:
The Séance (Dark Summons)
Spellbound (Spellbringers: Book One)
Firebound (Spellbringers: Book Two)
Unbound (Spellbringers: Book Three)
The Warrior (A Spellbringers Prequel)
The Fifth Circle
Better Than Perfect
Sweet Sorrow
Nightscapes: A Poetry Collection



Dear Reader, 
Thank you so much for reading Spellbound. I hope you enjoyed the book. Your feedback is important to me, and if you could take a moment to leave a review (good or bad), it would mean the world to me. I also hope you’ll consider reading Firebound, Book Two in the Spellbringers Series. 
I love hearing from readers. Please feel free to contact me at tricia@triciadrammeh.com if you have questions, comments, or would like to chat.
Happy Reading,
Tricia

