


SPELL CHECKED

by
C. G. Powell
Edits by
B.V. Gomez
* * * * *

PUBLISHED BY:
C. G. Powell

Spell Checked
Copyright 2011 by C. G. Powell

License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author's work.
 





Chapter 1


“Hurry-up Mae, before we miss our flight,” Gemma yelled across the room as she paced with her keys in her hand, waiting to bolt out the door of their apartment.
Throwing the last pair of shoes in her bag and zipping it closed, Maelin started thinking about the trip, the one she’d been trying to back out of for the past week.  “Why did I ever agree to this?” she thought to herself briefly as she rolled her luggage across the living room to the front door.  “Okay Gemma I’m ready to go,” she replied, less than enthusiastically, dragging her feet across the foyer as if it might, miraculously, make the whole trip go away.  Not that going to Ireland for a Pub and Folk Music tour was such a horrible fate, but Gemma’s ulterior motives left Mae with a feeling of certain doom.  Gemma was not one to leave well enough alone and had taken it upon herself to become Mae’s personal matchmaker.
“Stop dragging your feet, I know what you are up to and it won’t work this time.  Now stop procrastinating, so we can get this party started,” Gemma said as she helped Mae with her bags.   She looked at Mae and softened her tone.  “Mae, I know he broke your heart, but it’s not the end of the world,” then added, “Now snap out of it girlfriend!  We have a plane to catch.”
To Mae, it sure seemed like the end of the world.  It was eight months since her last breakup and she still had no inclination to jump back into the dating market any time soon.  In fact, solitude was starting to agree with her, in spite of Gemma’s constant intervention.
She slowly walked to the car and helped Gemma organize their bags in the trunk.  Gemma just smiled, “Music, booze and Irish hunks. What could possibly be better?”
Mae let out a deep breath trying to let the past go.  To some extent, Gemma was right.  She could use a little entertainment to get her out of this self-imposed funk.  “A few drinks and some music do sound appealing, but I can live without the whole men part,” making quotation marks with her fingers to emphasize “men.”
“Mae, don’t be such a kill joy so early in the trip,” Gemma retorted as she backed out of the driveway and headed to the airport.
With a sense of resignation Mae sighed, “I’ll try to have fun, I promise.”  Oddly enough, as they got closer to the airport, something inside of her pushed any doubt about this trip to the back of her mind, leaving her with a sense of excitement.  Lately, it seemed as if her conscience was starting to have a life of its own.
Soon they arrived at the long-term parking lot, stopping briefly at the entrance so Gemma could grab the parking ticket from the machine.  She parked the car, noting its location on her phone, so she could find it when they got back.  With their luggage in hand, they waited for the trolley that would take them to the departure terminal.  Gemma took out a mirror, checking her hair and make-up. “How do I look?” she asked.
“You look perfect as always Gemma, like you’re expecting to run into Mr. Right at any moment,” Mae said with a laugh.  Gemma always looked…-well put together; beautiful highlighted blond hair, blue eyes, high heels and the latest fashion.  Just what one would expect from a woman who looked like a model and had the body to match.
“Don’t laugh!  You never know when you might meet the man of your dreams and I like to be prepared,” she snapped, as she closed her mirror and put it back in her purse.
 “I doubt any man has a chance when you have your sights on him,” Mae said, causing them both to laugh, as they climbed aboard the trolley that would take them to the terminal.
After what seemed like an hour going through check-in and security lines, they finally boarded the plane.  Looking at the cramped seats in the back, Mae was glad to have an abundance of frequent flyer miles, so she could up-grade their tickets to first class.  It was ironic, since all of those points were from the many trips taken to see the very man Mae was trying to forget.
Mae sat next to the window so she could look out at the horizon.  It was the one thing that always seemed to ease her nervousness about flying. Gemma, on the other hand preferred, the aisle seat so she could chat with the people in the adjacent seats.  It was not long before she was already scoping out the men as they boarded the aircraft.
“Oh my God, did you see that hottie that just walked in?”  Gemma leaned closer to Mae and whispered.
Mae peeked up from the Sky Mall catalog and stared at the face of Mr. I’m-Handsome-and-I-Know-It.  His chiseled features looked like something right off the cover of a romance novel. Piercing green eyes, red, slightly unkempt hair, and a tall, well-muscled body, the kind you would expect to see gracing some grand palace as a sculpted piece of art.  He turned and looked their way just as Mae hurried to return her eyes to the catalog she was holding, hoping he did not see her face turn red.  Gemma on the other hand, had already picked her target and a fine target she chose.
He walked down the aisle and stopped next to their seats.  Leaning over Gemma, he lifted his carry-on to the storage compartment, giving Gemma a very up close and personal view of his mid-section… and then some.  Looking at Gemma, he said in an Irish accent, “I hope you don’t mind” before closing the door to the overhead.  “Hello ladies, I am Aidan Fitz Thomas.  It looks like we’ll be sitting across from each other on this little jaunt,” as he took the aisle seat across from Gemma.
Gemma squeezed Mae’s hand, looked in her direction and squealed in a low whisper, “I think I’m in love.”  Then she turned to him and said, “I’m Gemma Paxton and this is my friend, Maelin Fletcher.”
Leaning forward slightly, Mae gave him a quick smile and a small wave.  The plane had not even left the ground and she was already the third wheel.  Gemma had always been outgoing and could chat to anyone, while she, on the other hand, found it difficult to converse with the opposite sex.  It was one of the reasons she had sworn off men.
“Where are you ladies headed?”  He said with a grin that could shame a Cheshire cat.
“We’ll be in Dublin for a couple of days.  After that, I’m not sure.  I would have to look at the tour book.  How about yourself?  Where might you be going?”  Gemma said with a small laugh, adjusting herself so that she was leaning closer, allowing him to see her ample cleavage.
“I live in Dublin.”  He leaned back, buckling his seatbelt, as the pilot started making announcements on the PA.
Aidan and Gemma continued to chat for what seemed like an eternity.  While Mae leaned her seat back, closed her eyes, and waited for their endless chatter to cease, she was slowly being lulled to sleep by the sound of the engines.  Strangely, she could feel the electricity in the clouds building around her, wrapping her in comfort like a womb, as disembodied whispers hummed like an undecipherable song, beckoning a reply then fading to nothingness.
“Mae, wake up!  We’re here.  You slept the whole flight.”  Gemma nudged at Mae’s shoulder, as the plane touched down.  “Oh my God, look at your hair!” she laughed as she bent down, retrieving a mirror from her purse and handing it to Mae.
Mae looked at herself, hair standing on end, as if she had been too close to a Tesla coil.  She grunted and attempted to flatten it down with her hands before pulling it back into a ponytail.  Turning back to face Gemma, Mae returned her compact and noticed Aidan’s quizzical stare.  Choosing to ignore his disconcerting look, she hoisted her carry-on over her shoulder and made her way into the aisle, frantic for the cabin door to open.  Her heart raced as she attempted to distance herself from his discomforting stare.
With a relieved sigh, the line finally started to deplane and they made their way to the gate.  Mae pretended to check their itinerary while Gemma said goodbye to Aidan.  She was trying to avoid him all together, but when she looked up, he looked directly at her, smiling and waving a farewell before turning on his heel and disappearing into the crowd.

~~~***~~~

Aidan was leaning against a large pillar, by the baggage claim, talking on his cell phone.  “Beck, it’s Aidan.  The plane just landed.  I should be at your place in about 30 minutes.”
“Well, is she here?” questioned the voice on the line.
Aidan ran his fingers through his hair, letting out a deep breath while he made his way to the parking garage.  “Don’t worry Beck, it’s her.  I could feel Helen’s presence, but it was oddly faint.  I placed a charm on her friend, Gemma, at the travel agency.  She doesn’t know what compelled her to trade her tickets to Hawaii, for a Pub and Folk tour in Ireland.”
“Fantastic!  I look forward to seeing her.  It has been far too long.”
 “I made plans for us to meet up with them at the bar in the Grand Canal Hotel.”  Aidan pause for a second, trying to decide if he should tell Beck about his gut feeling.  “I don’t know how to tell you this, but something isn’t right this time.”  Placing his luggage in the trunk of his Tesla Roadster, Aidan made himself comfortable in the front seat.   He sat there a moment, staring out the windshield, not starting his car. He could practically see the wheels turning in his friend’s mind and knew that the gravity of his words had not been missed. The heavy silence over the phone finally shattered with Beck’s alarmed voice.
“What do you mean, not right?  What the hell is going on?”
Not wanting to discuss it over the phone much less explain his intuition, he decided to cut the call short. “I’ll explain everything when I get there.” Aidan hung up the phone, throwing it on the passenger seat as he started the engine.  He made his way through the sporadic traffic that filled the streets between the airport and Beck’s apartment. During the car ride, he considered how to tell his best friend that something was keeping Helen from surfacing and he was attracted to his friend’s soul mate and current host, Maelin. Not looking forward to the well-deserved tongue lashing, he deliberated several options although none of them gave him a feeling of ending happily.  He was having a hard time understanding the feelings himself.  Maelin was not much to look at, with mundane and easily forgettable features: dull, brown hair that fell straight over her shoulders, no makeup and clothes that were unflattering as well as unoriginal.
Gemma, on the other hand, was more his type.  She was the personification of what a woman should be; dazzling, blue eyes that exuded confidence and fashionable clothes molded her curvy frame.  Gemma -had him drooling like Pavlov’s dog.  Her copious breasts had played peek-a-boo with him the entire flight, a sight he would not forget anytime soon.
It wasn’t until the end of the flight that he became all too aware of the mousey little Maelin.  When he caught sight of her hair, obviously mussed and sticking up in every imaginable direction, he felt a jolt of electricity burst straight to his heart. He could feel the energy flowing through her, pulsating at an erratic tempo and surging straight into him.  There had been an instant connection and Gemma, just as suddenly, faded into the background.

~~~***~~~

“What do you mean we have a date?”  Mae raised her voice as panic set in.  “I didn’t come all the way to Ireland to be set up on a blind date, with Fabio’s less than desirable friend.”  She started pacing the room like a caged animal.  “You didn’t even wait for us to get off the plane before you set me-up on a blind date,” Mae said in a voice that became shriller than necessary to emphasize her point.
“I have a date with Aidan and he thought it might be nice to double.  He said you would like his friend Beckett; he sounded like a nice guy.”  Gemma sat on the bed next to where Mae had begun unpacking her bag, attempting to ignore her friend.  “Would you deny your best friend a romantic adventure in a foreign country for only a few hours with two very handsome men?”  Gemma batted her eyes, attempting to look pitiful, but managed to look ridiculous instead.
“I swear Gemma, you will be the death of me.”  Mae tried to sound irritated, but the snort that followed her outburst gave it away. Rolling her eyes, she finished unpacking and glared at her best friend.  She shook her head and let out the world’s biggest sigh.  It was no use.  Even she wasn’t immune to infectious spontaneity.
Gemma squealed, “Does that mean yes?  If so, I have my work cut out for me.  Hair, makeup, clothes, shoes.”
Interrupting her, Mae laughed and said “Gemma, you look perfect.”
She looked at Mae and did her best model pose, then stated the obvious.  “Of course I do.  I was talking about you.”
Mae bolted off the bed and backed into a small table.  “Oh no, you don’t!  I am not your personal Barbie doll.”  She knew from the get-go this was an argument she wouldn’t win.  Two hours later, Mae didn’t even recognize herself in the mirror.  Gemma arranged her hair in a flattering updo that had stray pieces falling haphazardly around her face.  The results were dramatic, yet very pleasant.  Charcoal grey outlined her eyes, making them seem larger, while enhancing their color to a rich blue-green like the waters of the Caribbean.
Gemma insisted on Mae wearing her black, tulle corset dress and the material clung like a second skin, leaving her self-conscious with its provocativeness.  Feeling-insecure, she didn’t know if she had the nerve to leave the hotel room.  Last, but certainly not least, the whole ensemble was finished with a pair of strappy four-inch heels that made walking dangerous.  Still, they made her legs look a mile long, so she decided to brave it.  After the initial shock wore off, she reveled at her beautiful, almost sinful image staring back at her.
Gemma stood behind her, looking over Mae’s shoulder, admiring her work.  “So, what do you think?”
“Well, Gemma, I must say, you are a miracle worker.  But I’m not feeling the red lipstick; it makes me look like a Goth hooker,” she laughed, taking one last look in the mirror.
“The red lipstick stays:  Today you will channel your inner Goth hooker.”  Gemma put her middle fingers and thumbs together as if to meditate, and started teasing her.  “Ohmmm where are the Johns?  Ohmmm where are the Johns?” both of them suddenly laughing at the thought.
Mae was laughing so hard she had to blot the tears from her eyes before they made her mascara run.  “Let’s get this over with,” she sighed, her excitement replacing any lack of confidence she may have had earlier.

~~~***~~~

Aidan opened the door to the bar and searched the room for Maelin and Gemma. Beckett cautiously remain one step behind him.
“Do you see them?”  Beck asked. The eagerness in his voice was difficult to miss. 
Aidan finally spotted Gemma at a table next to the bar.  At first glance, Aidan did not notice that the beauty sitting next to Gemma was the same Maelin he saw on the plane just a few hours earlier.  He gestured across the room to the table where the ladies sat. “They are right over there, by the bar.”  They were making their way across the room, when Beck grabbed the sleeve of Aidan’s coat, halting his steps.  Aidan turned to face his friend, one eyebrow raised in question.  “Why are you stopping?”
Beck’s face had paled, panic swimming in his eyes.  “Something is very wrong. She should have been completely aware of my presence by now.  Yet, she just sits there.  I know in my heart that she is my Helen.”
Noticing Gemma had turned around and spotted them, Aidan grabbed Beckett’s arm and walked him to the table.  “Good evening, ladies. Gemma, Maelin, this is my friend, Beckett.”
Beckett chimed in before Aidan could even finish the introduction, “I go by Beck.”
Laying down the menu, Mae looked up trying to absorb everything in view.  When she looked at the man standing next to Aidan, her breath left her.  Staring back at her was the most magnificent specimen of a man she had ever laid her eyes on: slightly curly blonde hair, strong masculine jawline and a straight Romanesque nose.  His pale, ice blue eyes riveted on hers causing her to forget to breathe.  Everything about him had her insides tingling.  But his demeanor was cold and imposing like a person that was used to giving orders, not taking them. Mae stood up and offered Beck, her hand.  His larger one engulfed hers, the roughness of his palm triggering an all-over body shiver, as he brought their clasped hands up to his lips, placing the softest of kisses on her skin.  She pulled back quickly, with a certain uneasiness that left her feeling cautious.
“You’ve arrived just in time, we were about to order drinks.”  Wondering if he had heard the slight tremor in her voice, Mae’s knees wobbled a bit as she returned to her seat.
Beck moved to occupy the seat to her left, while Aidan took the seat on the other side of Gemma to Mae’s right.  As they sat, Aidan’s hand brushed accidentally against hers.  Quickly moving her hand, she looked at him in shock from the thousand little prickles of electricity that just ran through her hand as they touched.  His face turned red and he immediately composed himself, as if nothing happened.  Mae sat back in her chair and tried to relax, as Gemma ordered a Margarita.  She gave out a small laugh, “Gemma, only you would come to Ireland and order a tropical drink.  I’ll have a shot of Bushmills,” Mae said with confidence to the waitress, before looking at Beck, then at Aidan and changed her order.  “Make it a double.”  She was already plotting her exit…Have a few drinks, fake being drunk and high-tail it back to the room.  That way Gemma could finish her date and she could avoid what she knew would be a long and uncomfortable evening.
“I see you are familiar with one of our local whiskeys,” Aidan smiled, seemingly pleased as he turned to our waitress.  “I’ll have the same,” and he directed his gaze back to Mae continuing, “Gemma tells me you’re a computer programmer.  It just so happens that Beck is also in the business of technology.”
“Oh great!” Mae thought to herself, it’s bad enough he’s the sexiest beast she’d ever laid eyes on.  Now Fabio’s better looking brother and she had something in common.  Looking at Beck, she asked, “What type of technology do you work in?”  She inquired, attempting to make small talk, just so she didn’t look like she was trying to bail out on the date.  It helped that the outfit she was wearing gave her the confidence she needed to get this far.
Shifting in his seat, Beck stretched his long legs and leaned back in his chair.  “Developmental space technology,” he said, his gaze intensely focused on Mae, leaving her with the uncomfortable feeling of being under a microscope as a chill went up her spine.
Aidan and Gemma were completely engrossed in their own conversation when the waitress brought the drinks to the table.  Mae quickly downed hers and ordered another before the waitress had a chance to put the rest of the drinks down on the table.  All three turned to look at her, their expressions a mixture of puzzlement and concern. “Please excuse us, gentlemen,” Gemma said as she rose from her chair. “We need a moment to freshen up.”  Grabbing Mae’s hand, she practically dragged her to the ladies’ room.
When the door shut behind them, Gemma let loose with a shriek.  “What has gotten into you?   Beck is far from Fabio’s ugly cousin and it seems like you might have something in common with him.  Why in the hell are you slammin’ down whiskey like there’s no tomorrow?  This is so not like you.”   Gemma stood back, tapping her shoe as she waited for Mae’s explanation.
“I’m sorry Gemma.  There is just something about him that sends chills down my spine.” Mae started to pace the bathroom floor with an edginess that made her unable to stand in one place for any length of time. It didn’t help that since leaving the airport earlier, Mae’s thoughts had been centered on Aidan—her best friend’s date for the evening.  She didn’t have the heart to tell Gemma that she couldn’t keep her thoughts off Aidan since he walked into the bar.  He was the one that made her heart race like a school girl with a wicked crush.  Beck?  Not so much.

~~~***~~~

As soon as Gemma and Maelin excused themselves, Beck let out a deep breath and ran his fingers through his hair.  "What the hell is going on here?  I tried to charm Helen back to consciousness and nothing happened."  Beck asked Aidan, searching for answers.
"I hate to tell you this, old friend, but it seems your lady has come back as a witch," Aidan said grinning.
"That's impossible!  I can smell a witch’s blood a mile away," Beck snapped, not wanting to believe what his friend was suggesting.
"I am more than aware how well you can sense my kind, but that doesn't change the fact that Maelin is a witch and a strong one to boot.  The amount of energy coursing through her is incredible!  What I want to know is why the Witch’s Council doesn't have her on their radar?" Aidan questioned.
Beck stood up and grabbed his jacket, "I have to get out of here and think."  The whole situation was too much for him to handle at the moment.
"Old friend, I have never seen you run away from anything."
"You have also never seen me heartbroken.  The last time, I wanted to die and take the rest of the world with me…and I almost did."  Beck had to get out of there before she came back.
Aidan considered the weight of Beck’s words as he left.  Although they had been friends ever since he first helped Beck steal Helen, which precipitated the Trojan War, he had only heard stories of Beck’s true destructive nature.  It was something he never cared to witness.  Since then, Helen had always been able to keep Beck’s rage in check.
After a few minutes, Gemma and Mae returned to the table.  Noticing Beck was no longer there, before she sat down Mae inquired as to his whereabouts.  “Where’s your friend?”
“It seems my friend had an emergency to attend to at work, and will be unable to join us the rest of the evening.”  Aidan said, covering for Beck’s abrupt departure.
 “I’m sorry to hear that,” she lied.  Mae was completely relieved he was gone and now it was time to execute her own exit strategy.  “I’m feeling a bit jet-lagged anyway, so if you will excuse me, I hear a hot bath and warm bed calling my name,” she said upon rising.
“Well I guess that just leaves us.  I know a quaint little restaurant just around the corner if you are up to it after we finish our drinks,” Aidan said to Gemma, gesturing towards the door.
“That sounds good.  I just need to go back to my room, freshen up and get my coat.”  Gemma smiled, hoping for Mae to have fun too, but knowing she could not force her.

~~~***~~~

As Mae walked back to their hotel room, she removed Gemma’s heels, being unaccustomed to such footwear, not to mention, they were killing her feet.  She started to think, “Beck sure did leave in a hurry.”  Then it hit her, “Maybe he thought I was Fabio’s ugly, alcoholic sister and couldn’t wait to leave at the first opportunity!  So much for stroking my self-confidence, but what should I have expected after being set up on a date with a god?”
Mae opened the door to their room, walked in and threw her purse on the bed.  Rummaging through her luggage, she pulled out a pair of sweats and a t-shirt looking forward to their relaxed comfort.  She then realized she could not reach the laces in the back of Gemma’s dress.  She was completely stuck!
Mae stood there in the middle of the bedroom feeling like a complete idiot. She was just about to call the front desk to see if the concierge could help her out when Gemma opened the door.  Mae was relieved to see her, but before she could ask for help.  Gemma stepped into the bathroom, shutting the door behind her and leaving Aidan standing there.  Refusing to wait any longer to get out of the Victorian torture device disguised as a dress, and against her better judgment, she turned her back to Aidan and asked.  “Can you please undo the laces in back?  I can’t reach them.”
“Are you sure you would not rather wait for Gemma?”
“Just get me out of this damned thing,” she said as her frustration level hit an all-time high.  Her panic of being stuck in the dress one second longer over-ruled any nervousness she may have had about Aidan earlier.
He untied the knot and started to loosen the laces from the bottom up.  As the dress started to come undone, she moved her arm across the front to hold it up.  When he got to the top he stepped closer, placing his fingers on her shoulders, lightly bringing them down the sides of her arms.  Just like before, Mae could feel the electricity flow between them.  They heard the bathroom doorknob turn, and like two kids about to get caught with their hands in the cookie jar, they moved away from each other quickly.
“Aidan and I are going to dinner.  Are you going to be okay by yourself?” Gemma asked, entirely oblivious to what just transpired.
“I’m fine.  In fact I was just about to call room service when you walked in,” which was not far from the truth.  She hurried into the bathroom with her clothes and shut the door.  “Have fun!”  Mae shouted through the door as she let out a deep breath, waiting for them to leave before running the hot water in the bathtub.  “A good soak is just what I need to clear my brain,” she said aloud.
Mae eased herself into the hot water and lay back trying to empty her mind of all thoughts, but it kept wandering back to Aidan.  Unlike the accidental touch at the bar, this time it was intentional and completely sexual.  “Thank God he was not Gemma’s boyfriend and only a vacation fling.  Otherwise, I would not be able to look myself in the mirror,” she thought.
Gemma and Mae’s friendship had begun way back in middle school.  To Mae, Gemma’s friendship was far more valuable than any man and she would never intentionally do anything to call their friendship into question.  Yet, she knew if Gemma had not been in the room, things with Aidan would have gone a lot further than just a quick, arousing touch.  Something about him kept drawing her, like a vortex.  It was far more than physical attraction.  Not to say that his physique was not god-like, but there was more to this than Mae could explain.  “I just need to keep my distance.  One more day in Dublin, then the tour moves to our next location in Kinsale, and I won’t have to worry about Aidan or his friend any longer,” she thought before the water got cold.
She climbed out of the tub, dressed herself, and as promised, called room service to order some dinner.  Afterwards, she tried to watch TV but fell into a deep, dreamless slumber, not even waking when Gemma returned from her date.

~~~***~~~

It was just past midnight when Aidan let himself into Beck’s apartment.  Beck was sitting in a low, white upholstered chair opposite a large modern fireplace, brooding at his rejection earlier that evening.  Aidan always admired Beck’s taste.  His apartment was very modern, like a high-end yuppie’s apartment in New York, not the eighteenth century Georgian townhouse that it really was.  Aidan placed a glass wrapped in a napkin on the end table next to Beck.  “I took this after she left.”
Beck looked at the glass debating whether or not he was ready for the answers it could possibly provide.  He picked it up with the napkin and handed it back to Aidan.  “Bring this to Howard tonight.  Tell him I want a full DNA scan ASAP and make sure he knows no one else is privy to this information.”  Howard worked for Beck and like Aidan, was a warlock who owed no allegiance to the Witch’s Council, but sometimes Howard (who had a big mouth) was far from discreet.
Aidan slipped the still-wrapped glass back in his pocket.  He looked at Beck saying what he felt he had to, “Regardless of the DNA results, you still need to talk to her before she leaves town.  You know as well as I do, if you don’t, it will just eat away at you. Helen is still there, Beck.”  Aidan waited for what was sure to be an explosive response.  He knew Beck would not appreciate his interference in this matter.
“What the hell am I supposed to tell her?”  Beck demanded.  “Hello, Maelin, sorry about last night’s abrupt exit but I really wasn’t prepared for my soul mate to be reincarnated as a witch, especially since witches and Vampires don’t get along very well, so they say.  But that’s okay because Aidan, my warlock friend, believes this will all workout if only we could all just get along.”  Beck ended his tirade with an overused witch’s phrase just to drive his point home.
“Only if you want her to think you’re riding the crazy train,” Aidan laughed, trying to lighten his friend’s mood.  “I just mean, don’t be so quick to burn bridges.  Look, I have a date with her friend tomorrow night at Café en Seine.  I’ll just invite Mae to go with us and you can meet us there,” Aidan suggested.
Beck calmed himself as he looked at Aidan saying, “I waited two hundred years for her to return.  She promised this time it would be forever.”  For as many times as Beck had offered Helen the chance of eternal life as a vampire, she had always refused.  He would inevitably charm his skin to grow old with her and watch her die, only to be reincarnated thirty to forty years later and start life with her anew.  “Which brings me back to the current conversation, what if Maelin doesn’t want to go to dinner with you and Gemma?”
“Then I’ll bewitch her.  Besides, I know how much you like the Parisian atmosphere at Café en Seine,” Aidan said as he made his way to the front door.
“I know you are right Aidan.  This whole situation is just leaving me a bit distressed.”  He stood up and let out a deep breath.
“Then it’s settled, meet us there at six.”  Aidan shouted on his way out the door.  It was late and he still had to bring the glass to Howard.

~~~***~~~

Howard answered the door.  He was an older man in his sixties and resented Aidan’s youthful appearance despite being over three thousand years old.  Aidan was glad he called en route.  It was one a.m. and Howard looked less than thrilled to have him on his doorstep.  Getting right to the point, Aidan handed the wrapped glass to Howard.  “Mr. Worthington wants a full DNA scan…and keep it hush-hush.”
“Tell him I’ll get to it first thing in the morning.”  Howard mumbled as he started to close the door on Aidan.
Aidan blocked the door with his foot and pushed it back open.  “You must have misunderstood me on the phone.  He wants you to get started on it now.  So get dressed and I’ll take you to the lab.”
“That won’t be necessary.  I can find the lab without your help,” Howard grumbled.
“I insist.”  Aidan smiled.  He wanted to ensure Beck’s orders would be carried out promptly and he was prepared to do whatever that required.  Even if it meant giving up a couple hours of sleep to listen to Howard complain.


Chapter 2



The phone started ringing, Mae half fell out of bed as she fumbled to pick up the phone, realizing it was just the wakeup call.  Gemma peeked out of the bathroom and laughed at her for being such a dork.  “Good morning sleepy head, you might want to hurry up.  Breakfast starts in forty minutes.”  Gemma started to get dressed; her hair was already fixed and her makeup on.
“Well you seem awfully happy today.”  Mae said, letting out a big yawn and dragging herself to the bathroom to brush her teeth.
“What’s not to be happy about?” she chirped.  “I’m in Ireland with my best friend, I’ve met the most handsome man here and I have another date tonight,” Gemma grinned as she touched up her hair in the mirror after putting her shirt on.
“So, how did your date go last night?  I’m assuming quite well since you have another one tonight,” Mae replied, answering her own question, while she tied her hair in a loose pony tail.
Gemma looked at Mae in the mirror and smiled, “Last night was so much fun.  I wish you would have gone with us.”
“And ruin any chance you might have had for a one night stand?  I wouldn’t think of it,” Mae interjected, as she smiled at the prospect of it.
“Aidan was every bit the gentleman last night, almost too much for my taste.  I think I would have preferred a good tumble instead,” Gemma laughed.
Shaking her head, “You’re such a slut,” Mae teased.  “Today is day one of the tour.  What’s on the itinerary?”  She was dressing and looking for her walking shoes at the same time, nearly falling over.
Gemma grabbed the brochure from the small table by the window, sat in the chair next to it and started reading the itinerary aloud.  “Let’s see, day one…..The Guinness Brewery, Dublin Castle, Grafton Street for lunch and shopping and our last stop of the day is the Jameson Distillery before we head back here this evening.”
Mae took one last look in the mirror before they left the room for breakfast.  She let out a disappointing sigh as she realized, despite her extra attempts to look nice, she still looked a mess.
Breakfast was a large buffet setup in the conference room for the tour group.  Standing by a large brick fireplace, was their driver/tour guide, a middle-aged-happy-go-lucky fellow named Paddy.  He was answering what seemed like a barrage of questions from the passengers, excited to start the day.  Mae looked around the room and noticed that their group consisted of what were mostly older couples.  It seemed like Gemma and herself were the babies of the bunch and probably the only ones single.  It made her wonder why the travel agent recommended this trip to Gemma in the first place.
Unexpectedly, the day turned out to be fun and went by fast.  The view of Dublin from the Guinness Tower was so phenomenal that Mae could have spent hours there dissecting the city.  Dublin Castle was not only beautiful, but its rich history made it even more intriguing.  She and Gemma could have spent a week on Grafton Street shopping, but time was too short.  Somehow, Mae knew that one day she’d come back and have a chance to see Grafton Street at her leisure.  Mae also learned why she preferred Irish whiskey. The kegs used to age Irish whiskey were old winery kegs, which give the whiskey a smoother taste, unlike in America where they use new oak kegs, leaving a more “oak-ey” taste, not nearly as smooth.
Mae sat down in one of the chairs by the window and removed her shoes from her aching feet.  “That was fun, but I’m glad to be back at the hotel.  Paddy threw so much information at us, I thought my brain would melt,” she said to Gemma.  “What time is your date with Aidan?”
Gemma rummaged through her suitcase, trying to pick out an outfit for her date.  “He said he would be by at five-thirty.  Something about wanting to spend as much time as possible together.  It’s already four, so I hope you don’t mind if I jump in the shower first.”
“No, go ahead.  The only thing I have planned is to go to the bar later and have drinks with some of the people from our group.”  In a way, Mae was glad to have the evening to herself.
“Are you sure you don’t want to come with us?” Gemma yelled from the bathroom.
“Two is company and three’s a crowd.  Besides, he drives a Roadster.  Where would I sit?” she asked, listing her valid excuses as to why she should not go with them.
Gemma peeked out the bathroom door and let out a sigh.  “I just want you to have fun too, and we can always catch a cab.  Will you at least think about it?” she said before shutting the door again.
Mae sat quietly by the window doing a Sudoku puzzle, thinking of reasons to stay in for the evening; she knew Gemma would make another attempt before she left.  It was five-thirty and Aidan was already at the door.  Gemma was not ready, so Mae let him in.  He sat on one of the two chairs by the window.  “How was your tour today?” he asked her.
“We had a good time,” she said, sitting in the other chair.  “I wish we could stay in Dublin longer. There’s so much to see of the city and today went by way too fast.”
Aidan also wished they could stay longer.  He could bewitch them to stay, but he had figured out a long time ago, things go much better when the other party willingly comes of their own accord.  “Then why not stay longer?”  He asked, hoping she would rationalize a good reason on her own for why they should not leave.
Mae picked her puzzle book up again, mulling over the one she had been working on before her peace and quiet was disrupted by Aidan’s prattle. “I wish it were as simple as that, but the bus leaves in the morning for Kinsale,” she said as if to remind him of she and Gemma’s imminent departure.
“Well… if you won’t stay, you should at least join Gemma and I this evening for dinner and dancing,” Aidan smiled.  He needed her to go with them tonight and he didn’t like the idea of bewitching her.  However, he knew he would if only for Becks sake.
“Thank you, but no.  I would not want to intrude on your date,” she interjected, wanting him to leave her out of their plans.
“It’s no intrusion at all.  I even swapped cars with a friend for the occasion and Gemma really wants you come with us.”  Aidan did not wait to have his invitation declined again.  He looked into her eyes and set in motion a charm that would compel her to go with them.
Gemma finally graced them with her presence.  Looking at Aidan she said, “Sorry to keep you waiting.  Did you talk her into coming with us?”  Both turned to look at Mae as they awaited her answer.
Before she had a chance to think the words had already left her lips, “Okay I’ll go.  Just give me a minute to shower and change,” she replied, suddenly thinking to herself.  “Why in God’s name did I just say that?”  She really didn’t want to intrude on their date.
Gemma smiled and started picking out clothes from her suitcase.  She handed Mae a turquoise halter dress with a rouched-waist and a full calf-length skirt, a string of pearls and silver rhinestone sandals with two-inch heels.  Not wanting to keep Gemma and Aidan waiting, Mae left her hair unwashed.  It was still curly from the night before so Gemma loosely combed it back with her fingers making a French twist in the back and pinned it with a couple of rhinestone clips.  After last night, Mae was a bit scared when Gemma took out her make-up case, but within minutes she was finished and Mae looked in the mirror.  Light colored shadow on her eye lids and simple brown eyeliner, slightly pink cheeks, and a mauve gloss with a hint of gold shimmer.  Mae rubbed her lips together to spread the lip-gloss evenly and said to Gemma, “At least I don’t look like a Goth hooker tonight,” she smiled and thought, “Actually, I almost look pretty.”
Gemma hugged her from behind, “I’m glad you’re coming with us.”
To their surprise, there was a silver Bentley waiting for them out front complete with driver.  Aidan handed them each a rose as they entered the car and took their seats, then asked, “Would you ladies care for some champagne?”  He grabbed three glasses and a bottle of Cristal from the front seat and poured each of them a glass of the expensive champagne.
Much to Mae’s relief, Café en Seine was more bistro/bar than some snooty up-scale restaurant.  The décor was very opulent but relaxing, despite being packed in with a bevy of young, beautiful, twenty-something-year-olds.  A waiter escorted them to the reserved table in a more secluded area away from the bar and handed them menus.
Gemma was looking around at the beautiful Parisian décor when she notice Aidan’s friend at the bar.  “Aidan, isn’t that Beck over there at the bar?  You should invite him to dine with us.  Is that okay with you Mae?” Gemma asked, as if it were nothing more than an afterthought.
Mae wanted to kick Gemma under the table.  “Gemma knew Beck was the last person I wanted to”….Stopping midway through her thought, Mae was unable to process the rest of it.  “That would be lovely,” Mae said aloud instead of to herself.
“Please excuse me, ladies while I retrieve my wayward friend.”  Aidan grinned as he walked away…“Everything is going as planned,” he thought to himself.
Beck was just finishing his glass of wine when Aidan approached him.  “Did the girls like the flowers and champagne?” he asked.
“Yes, I’m glad you thought of it.  Unfortunately, I still had to charm Mae into coming and I added an attraction charm.  Otherwise, you’d be spending the rest of the evening at the bar instead of joining us for dinner.  Your lady is quite obstinate, like someone else I know.”  Aidan answered.
“You should be so thankful, that stubbornness has saved your bum more than once if I recall.”  Beck chastised Aidan as they walked to the table.  “Hello, ladies.  My apologies for last night’s abrupt exit, I had a bit of an emergency.  I hope you can forgive me?” he said, before sitting down at the table.
Despite Mae’s previous reservations and her inability to concentrate, dinner went well.  Strangely, she kept having the wickedest thoughts where Beck was concerned, wanting to touch him, kiss him, feel him.  She wanted him to make the first move…..Any move.  Dance music started to play and people were making their way to the dance floor.
Beck leaned closer so she could hear him over the music.  “Do you like to dance, Mae?” he whispered softly.
She could feel his breath on her neck.  Her mind was thinking sensual thoughts as she shifted in her seat.  “I love dancing.  Nevertheless, like most geeks I am not very good at it.  And how about you Mister-Calm-Cool and Collected, you ever raise the roof?”  She laughed mentally at the thought of Beck doing the electric slide; it was as out of place as a milk bucket under a bull.
“It has been a long time since I danced.  But, I do enjoy it when I get the chance,” Beck replied.  He then leaned over towards Aidan and whispered something to him.  Aidan nodded in agreement, then got up and spoke to the DJ.
A tango started to play.  Beck stood up and put his hand out to Mae.  “Dance with me, Mae.”
“I can’t dance to this.  I don’t know how to tango,” she said nervously.
“But I do.  Just follow my lead and feel the music.”  Beck pulled her chair out and she gave him her hand.
“I don’t want to look like a fool in front of all these people, Beck.”  Mae said as they walked on to the dance floor.  For some reason, she was finding it hard to tell him no.
He put his hand around her waist.  “All you have to do is keep eye contact with me and feel the rhythm,” Beck reassured her.
The music surrounded them as they danced, flowing through them.  Unaware of her own movements, each touch from Beck felt like a lover’s embrace.  All she could sense was their closeness.  Lost in his beautiful, ice-blue eyes, his fingers burned like a fire against her skin.  Moving, spinning, touching, over and over again.  Mae could not get enough of him.  Pressing so close, she wanted to melt into him and become one, then being pulled away and yearning to be close again.  In the pulsating rhythm, Beck’s hands traced down her body’s curves as her legs wrapped around him.  She felt like she was looking into his soul; naked, touching, feeling.  When the music died down, all Mae could feel was Beck’s warm breath on her neck and his heart beating wildly against her.  “You are beautiful,” he whispered as clapping and cheering erupted from the crowd when they walked off the dance floor together.
As they headed back to the table, Aidan pulled Beck aside.  He looked at Mae and said, “Could you give us a moment please?” in a concerned voice.
“Sure, see you back at the table.”  She made her way to where Gemma was sitting and sat next to her, wondering what was going on between Aidan and Beck.
 Aidan waited for Mae to be out of earshot when he finally shook his head at Beck.  "Well my friend, that little sexual number was practically pornographic.  You two were undressing each other with your eyes and Mae was projecting her emotions for everyone to feel.  It was like raw animal lust took over the room.  By the end of the dance, we all thought you two would be naked on the dance floor.  Half-way through the dance, Gemma slipped her hand in my front pocket and well...Need I say more?"
Beck, stunned by his friend’s words, felt the dance had left him in an emotional turmoil.  He was feeling completely vulnerable and did not like it at all.  "I should not have let you charm her, now I cannot tell if any of this is real or just the charm."
"You need to relax and go with the flow.  What could possibly go wrong?"
Beck and Aidan returned to the table.  "Would you care to dance?"  Aidan asked Gemma as he offered her his hand.
"I would love to," she replied, taking his hand and leaving Mae and Beck alone at the table.
Beck suggested they move to somewhere more comfortable, so they made their way to one of the couches along the wall.  He sat down in the corner leaning against the arm of the couch.  She sat next to him and leaned back into his chest as he put his arm around her.  She wanted him in a way that she had never wanted anyone before, but was afraid to do anything beyond placing her hand on his leg by his knee and enjoying the closeness of the moment.  
"Would you care for a drink?" Beck asked as if trying to find something to say.
Mae turned to him, placing her hand on his well-defined chest and leaning closer so he could hear her.  "I would…But not here; it's getting too noisy,” hoping he would get the hint that she would like a little privacy. 
"My place is just around the corner, if that is okay with you."
"That would be perfect.  I'll tell Aidan and Gemma we’re leaving."  
They walked out the front door.  The Bentley was waiting for them as if on cue.  "Does Aidan know you’re taking his friend’s car?" she questioned, wondering how Aidan would feel about losing his ride.
Beck laughed, "I am his friend and this is my car.  I drove his Roadster here; it is in the car park."  The driver opened the car door and waited for them to get in before closing it.
"Donald, take us to my townhouse please," Beck told the driver.
"Yes sir," Donald replied.
Mae reached over and grabbed Beck’s hand as soon as the car started to move.  He squeezed her hand and started to rub his thumb across it.  Something stirred inside of her and refused to wait any longer to be released.  She climbed onto his lap and straddled him, throwing her arms around his neck.  She kissed him hard then lightly bit his bottom lip as her lips left his.  “I want to touch every bit of your body,” she whispered in his ear as she started to unbutton the front of his shirt.  Her mouth moved to his neck, gently nibbling, trying to fight the urge to bite him hard and taste his blood.  He pushed Mae away slowly and cupped her face in his hands.
“Mae, I need you to slow down….Is this really what you want?”  Beck whispered breathlessly.  He lightly kissed her on the nose and moved her off his lap.
Mae placed her hand on the side of his face and turned it toward hers.  She became completely lost in his beautiful eyes when she answered his question.  “I want this more than anything I have ever wanted.”
The ride was all too short when the car stopped in front of a red brick townhouse, the dark blue door had large, white columns on each side and an ornate arched window over it.  They walked up to the door, Beck fumbling for his house key.  As soon as they entered, Mae pushed him to the side and against the wall, kissing him hard.  He kicked the door closed with his foot then quickly turned, pinning her hard to the same spot.
“So Mae, this is how you want to play.”  He held her arms against the wall and wedged his knee between her legs leaning his whole body into hers.  His mouth covered her lips, his tongue searching franticly, needing to taste hers.  When he finally released Mae from his kiss, he lightly kissed her lips again, then her cheek.  
As Mae’s breath came faster, she pleaded, “No holding back.  It’s been too long.”
She could feel his warm breath on her neck as he relaxed and whispered, “Helen?”
She pushed him off with a sudden clarity and snapped out of the fog she had been under all evening.  “Who the hell is Helen?” she yelled, before everything went black.
Beck watched in horror as Mae’s eye rolled back in her head and she started to collapse to the ground.  He caught her and carried her to the couch.  He was scared for her and angry with himself.  “Why did I allow Aidan to charm her?  How could I possible fix this mess now?” he thought.
He called Aidan, hoping his friend was still at Café en Seine and not off somewhere more private with Gemma and his phone turned off.  “Aidan, I need you here now!” Beck said in a half-panicked tone.
“What’s going on Beck?”  Aidan was a bit miffed by the urgency of his friend’s voice.
“We just got in the door and she was all over me.  Against my better judgment, I returned her affections and for a moment, I thought it was Helen.  As soon as I said Helen’s name, Mae snapped out of your spell and blacked out.  I feel like I practically raped the poor girl.”  Beck mentally cringed at his own words.
“Not good, not good at all, I’ll be there in a few.  What do you want me to do with Gemma?”  Aidan asked.
“Bring her with you or she will be pacing the hotel room ready to call the police.  We will probably need Howard’s help as well.  I will send Donald after him.”
Beck hung up with Aidan and called Howard.  “There is an emergency here at my house and it requires your assistance, so I am sending Donald to pick you up.  Do you have any of the DNA results?”
“I’ve been meaning to talk to you about that.  I keep getting multiple DNA results like the glass was contaminated,” Howard answered, sounding confused.
“Bring your kit.  You can swab her when you get here,” Beck suggested, knowing they would need answers quickly, ones that the DNA results could provide.
Within a few minutes, Aidan and Gemma burst in through the front door.  Gemma completely panicked and started talking so fast Aidan could only understand half of what she was saying.  Aidan walked up to where Mae was lying on the couch.  She looked pale and her breathing was shallow.  “I need to monitor her,” he told Beck.
Beck let go of Mae’s hand and moved out of Aidan’s way.  As soon as Aidan placed his hand over her stomach, a bolt of energy knocked him across the room.  He lay on the floor in the fetal position groaning “Ow…that hurt!”
Gemma screamed and Aidan looked at Beck, “Can you take care of that noise, I’m a bit incapacitated at the moment,” then he moaned in pain.
Beck walked over to Gemma, grabbing her by the shoulders and looking into her eyes.  “It is okay, Mae is just passed out.  Why do you not come over here and sit quietly?  That is a good girl.”  Beck bewitched Gemma to calm her.  It was the same type of bewitchment a vampire would use to make his prey compliant during feeding.
Gemma sat in the chair quietly in a catatonic-like state when Howard finally showed up and Aidan filled him in.  “We need a way to get rid of the electricity and fast.  She is not going to last much longer like this.  Howard and I can’t get close to her but you seem to be unaffected by it, Beck.”  By informing Beck of their situation, Aidan hoped he would come up with plan.
Beck started to look around the room for answers.  “Howard, cut the cord off the lamp over there and bring it to me.”  Howard pulled out a pocket-knife, cut the lamp cord and handed it to Beck.  Beck stripped the wires on the cut end, walked to the window, opened it and wrapped the bare wires around the pipe outside the window.  He gently carried Mae to the window and held her in his lap.  He grabbed the plug end of the cord and held it against her skin.  After a while, color started to return to her skin, her pulse got stronger and her breathing was no longer shallow.  Then there was a knock on the door.
Aidan answered it.  A tall, beautiful, red head in a black cocktail dress stood in the doorway.  “The council is here!” Aidan yelled to Beck from the doorway.  “Good evening Meredith.”
Beck looked at Howard, “How could you?” he seethed through gritted teeth.
“I felt it was the best action for all involved,” Howard calmly replied.
Meredith walked into the apartment and threw her coat on one of the chairs as she passed by.  “What kind of trouble are you two up to this time?” Meredith questioned.  “Where’s the witch?” she said, a bit baffled by her inability to sense Mae’s presence.
“Beck’s got her by the window.”  Aidan walked Meredith to the window and warned her, “Don’t get too close, she knocked me on my bum earlier when I tried to monitor her,” as they walked past Gemma.
“Is that your newest little tart, Aidan?”  Meredith said, pointing to Gemma.  “She’s just your type even down to the blank expression.”  Meredith stopped in front of Beck and laughed, “I’ll take it that the blank look is your handy work, Beck.”
“I had to shut her up.  It was either that or kill her,” Beck joked.  He looked down at Mae and asked, “Can you help her Mere?  It is Helen.  I have grounded her to the lightning rod to try and get rid of the electricity around her.”  His face was etched with worry as he patiently waited for Meredith’s assessment.
“You probably just saved her life.  I think you have dissipated enough electricity for us to use magic to remove the rest.  Go ahead and move her to the couch.  Aidan, Howard, we need to form a circle.  We’re going to draw the remaining energy into a ball and carry it to the window, Howard and I will hold the ball together, Aidan will shoot it out the window to the ground; Beck, tell us when the coast is clear.”
“All clear,” he cued, standing by the window, watching for nosey neighbors while the circle gathered the last of Mae’s unwanted energy.  They moved together slowly to the window and Aidan directed it to the ground.  It sounded like a bolt of lightning and his neighbor’s car alarm went off.
“We need to wake her up and show her how to clear her own channels of unwanted energy before she goes into crisis again,” Meredith explained.
Digging through his kit, Howard put on latex gloves and grabbed a couple of swabs, “Let me swab her first.”  Howard got his samples and left, heading back to his lab.  This time he was fully aware of its urgency.
“What about Aidan’s girlfriend there?  She’s not going to stay like that forever,” Meredith pointed out.
“She’s not my girlfriend.  She’s part of Beck’s plan,” clarified Aidan.
“Well, girlfriend or not when she wakes up from Beck’s bewitchment, you’re going to have your hands full,” Meredith laughed.  “You know the effect of a vampire’s bewitchment and since I know Beck didn’t drink from her, you’re going to be the one left trying to sate an unquenchable sexual appetite,” said Meredith, now rolling with laughter.
“What is so funny about that?” Aidan asked.
“Your crushed ego when your little sexcapade ends in an epic failure.  Only a vampire’s blood orgy can satisfy that need.  Beck, you should have bitten the poor girl rather than to leave her to suffer at Aidan’s hands.”
Beck chimed in, “Now if you two are done, I need Aidan to take her back to the hotel.  You have until morning to convince her to cancel the rest of their trip and stay here to support Mae.  No, more lies or charms.”
“Aidan, help me wakeup Mae before you go.  She will want to see her friend before you whisk her away,” Meredith added.

~~~***~~~

Mae opened her eyes slowly.  The light in the room was painful to bear, her body wracked with agony as if it were run over by a train.  She could see Aidan and a woman she didn’t know in front of her as she struggled to keep her eyes open.  The woman was talking to her in a hushed voice, but Mae could not understand her, so she closed her eyes again.
“Come on Mae, open your eyes,” Meredith crooned sweetly.  “Aidan is here with your friend.  You need to open your eyes.”
“But it hurts,” she cried.  Mae didn’t want to wake up and feel all the pain.
“Where does it hurt?” Meredith asked.  “We can help you.”
“The light is hurting my eyes, my head is pounding and every muscle in my body feels strained to their limit,” she complained.
Meredith started spouting off commands like a general.  “Beck, light some candles and kill the lights.  Aidan, see if you can’t do something about the pain in her head, I really need for her to open her eyes so I can ease the pain in her muscles.  Beck, have Howard send over some muscle relaxants from the pharmacy at the lab; she might need them.”
The pain in Mae’s head started to ease and she opened her eyes.  “Where am I?  Is Gemma here?”
“You are at Beck’s home and your friend is here too,” Meredith informed her.
 “Are you feeling any better?” she asked.
“Yes, thank you,” Mae replied as the pain began to fade.
“My name is Meredith, my friends call me Mere.”
Aidan added, “And I call her…”
“AIDAN!” Meredith and Beck yelled at the same time, interrupting him before he could finish.
“Now Beck, you were the one telling me to be honest,” Aidan reminded Beck in a smug tone.
“Honestly Beck, I don’t know how you manage to keep your friendship with him all these years,” Meredith said, questioning Beck’s ability to pick friends.
“It is simple, I never dated him,” Beck poked fun back at Meredith.
“Did you have to remind me?” Meredith sighed.  “Now back to the business at hand.  Mae, I am going to show you how to dissipate extra energy on your own.  Go ahead and standup.  Energy runs through your body in channels similar to the veins and arteries that carry your blood.  When you carry too much, it starts to shut other things down, like what happened with you.  You need to guide it out through an exit point at your center by allowing your hands to be the doorway.  I want you to do what I am doing; as you inhale, direct it and on your exhale, push it out and away.”  Meredith used her fingers, running them lightly from the crown of her head to right below her heart as she inhaled.  Then, she put her wrists together against her stomach with her hands spread apart making a “V” and exhaled while pushing the energy out into the air.  “Don’t just do the motions physically; you need to imagine the energy flowing with your mind too.”
Mae copied what Meredith was doing, imagining the energy flowing like water as she inhaled and directed it to her core then releasing it with her next exhale.  “Why is this happening to me?”
“You are a witch…Manipulating energy is what we do,” Meredith replied without a second thought.
Stunned, Mae sat down, her heart beating in her throat as she took a deep breath and let it out.  “I always knew I felt a bit different, but never a witch.”
“I assumed you already knew” Meredith replied as she sat next to Mae, grabbing her hand like a sister would, giving her a minute to think.  “You’re not alone.  Aidan and I are witches also and we’re here to help you.  Aidan come here, I want to show Mae something and you make such a lovely target…I mean example.”
Aidan walked to where they were sitting.  “Ladies, at your service,” he said with a smile.
“Mae is going to learn her first charm and you get to be the lucky volunteer she puts it on.”
The smile left Aidan’s face as he raised an eyebrow and inquired, “And which charm might that be?”
“Oh Aidan, don’t you trust me?  Besides, if I tell you, it will take all the fun out of it,” Meredith laughed.
Meredith leaned over and whispered, so Aidan could not hear.  “Okay Mae, I want you to look into Aidan’s eyes.  Think about love and how it makes you feel, every part of it.  Rapid heartbeat, lust, sexual acts…Anything you associate with love.  Then think of the person you want him to direct those affections to.  In our case, it will be your friend Gemma.”
Mae whispered back to her, “I don’t want Gemma or Aidan to get hurt.”
Meredith still whispering, replied, “Don’t worry, they were going to be together tonight anyway and Aidan put the same spell on you earlier, so he deserves a little payback.”
Mae stood up and smiled at Aidan, as she obediently followed Meredith’s instructions.  “Well, did it work?”
“Let’s find out,” Meredith grinned wickedly.  “Aidan, I think Gemma is ready to go now.”
“Oh my God, I completely forgot about her.  I must go,” he said, running to Gemma’s side.  “Are you ready to go, love?”  Holding her hand, they left urgently, as if they had some unfinished business demanding their attention.
Meredith, Beck, and Mae burst out laughing.
“That serves him right.  Bravo, Mae!  Bravo!  I love the way you think, Mere,” laughed Beck.
“I guess I really am a witch,” she concluded.  “I still need time for everything to sink in, but deep down, something always told me I was a bit different from everyone else.”  It suddenly felt reassuring to her and that everything would be okay.



Chapter 3


Yesterday had been one big surreal blur and Mae nervously regretted being in Beck’s apartment without Gemma.  She climbed out of bed to practice clearing her channels of energy.  When she looked down, she noticed she was wearing a pair of plaid, fleece pajama bottom and a t-shirt.  They were baggy on her, so she assumed they belonged to Beck, but Mae was happy to be wearing them instead of Gemma's dress.  She walked down to the kitchen when all of a sudden the front door burst open.  Gemma and Aidan had arrived with a pile of luggage.  Mae went to greet them and Gemma dropped the bags she was holding in the doorway to give her a big hug.
“Aidan told me everything Mae, although it took a little convincing for me to believe him.  How are you doing?” Gemma asked as they sat on the couch.
Mae knew Gemma would accept whatever she told her; she had always believed in witches and once even studied Wicca.  “Better than I thought, it all just seems to fit.”  It was beyond the logical reasoning Mae normally lived in, but something deep inside of her was familiar with all of it.  “I don’t know what he told you last night, but I have a few details you might want to know.  I will tell you later in private,” Mae said, relieved to have her there.
“Aidan, put Gemma’s luggage in the blue room,” Beck ordered.
“But that’s my room!  Can’t she stay in one of the other two empty rooms?”  Aidan protested as he stood at the door surrounded by their bags.
“No, Mae is using one and Meredith has the other.  Besides, you can either sleep on the couch or go to your own apartment…You do realize you do not live here…Right?  This is just for tonight anyway.  We will have more room at Lough Currane.”  Beck walked over to help Aidan with suitcases.
“Well I call dibs on the cottage.  God knows I don’t want to be stuck in a house full of women, those two in particular,” Aidan confessed.
“Sounds like someone is having a problem lying in the bed they made for themselves.  Okay, done, but I’m not sending the staff out there.  You are going to have to dine with us in the main house and take care of your own mess,” Beck insisted.  He had no intention on running his staff ragged for Aidan’s sake.
Beck walked to the kitchen and sat down next to Meredith at the kitchen table.  “Mere, I’m begging you not to tell the Witches Council anything until we figure this mess out,” he pleaded.
“I have to agree with you Beck, something about this situation is not right.  I should have been able to see that Mae was a witch but couldn’t.  The love spell I had her cast on Aidan was a test.  It takes a novice months to do that spell well, but she did it like it was second nature.  Not that I wouldn’t have done the spell myself if it hadn’t worked,” Meredith joked.
“I would like for you to stay with us and train her.  As powerful as Aidan is, this is not something in which I trust him,” Beck said, waiting for Meredith’s answer.
“It would be a pleasure, I’ll stay as long as she needs me, but we are going to need more room,” Meredith concurred.
“I was thinking the same thing.  My estate at Lough Currane is secluded and has plenty of space for all of us, including a cottage to keep Aidan out of your hair.  We can move there tomorrow if everyone agrees.”
Gemma got up to help Aidan with the luggage.  Moments later, Beck took her place on the couch next to Mae.  “I wanted to apologize for last night.  I feel horrible about my actions.  I do not know what came over me and I promise never to do that again.  Please forgive me,” Beck apologized nervously.
“I forgive you, Beck, only if you forgive me.  I’m not sure many men would have showed such restraint in the same situation.”  Mae thought back to last night and the passion she felt for him under the spell.  “If that was what real love was like, I wanted to feel it again and without restraints,” she thought to herself.
“I would like the chance to start over and get to know you Mae.  I want you to get to know me too.”  Becks’ words were honest but not completely.  He wanted her to love him, he wanted Helen back, and he would have to tell her who and what he was.
She grabbed his hand and held it, “I would like that.”  The events of the last two days made Mae realize there was more to him than the cold, contrived man she first met.
“There is something else I need to tell you and there is no way to sugarcoat it.  I don’t want to start things off with secrets,” Beck paused before letting out a deep breath.  “I am not a witch like Aidan and Meredith…I am a vampire.”  Beck waited for what he was sure would be a gut wrenching-reaction, but Mae just sat completely resigned, looking at him as if he just told her he loved puppies.
Mae tried to contemplate what Beck said and for a brief moment, it was as if she had known all along.  “Logic would lead me to believe that if there are witches, there could be vampires.”  She seemed indifferent or at least that is what her inner geek could compartmentalize.
Beck appeared relieved by her words as he thought to himself.  “Since when had Witches become logical? Their nature was passion not logic.  Mae was certainly turning out to be far more intriguing than I had imagined.”  Beck questioned her easy acceptance, wondering if she understood what he just told her.  “And you are okay with that?”
“Yes, I suppose I am.”  A thousand questions ran through her head but those would have to wait.  Everyone gathered in the living room for what was sure to be her first real lesson in witchcraft.
 Meredith stood and started to speak.  “Today we are going to keep things simple.  Instead of spells, you are going to learn the history of witches and vampires.  Beck will go first since vampires existed on Earth long before witches.  And feel free to stop us at any time if you have a question.”  Meredith sat and Beck took her place in front of them.
“I guess I should start at the beginning.  About two hundred thousand years ago, a race of beings called Veshtu arrived on this planet looking for a new source of food, which they found in Neanderthals.  Veshtu are wraith-like and feed on humanoid beings.  They drain them of their blood and life force completely.”
Mae stopped Beck before he went any further.  “Are you trying to tell me there are aliens too?  Because if you are.  I’m jumping off this crazy train right now!”  Mae had already acknowledged the existence of witches and vampires, but coming to terms with aliens was a completely different matter.  Her expression was one of utter disbelief as she raised her eyebrows at Beck.
Meredith could see Mae’s disbelief and intervened before Mae spent too much time thinking about it.  “Mae I understand your reservations.  This is just our history as we witches and vampires were taught.  You don’t have to accept it, but you do need to hear it, because it is what made us witches and vampires.”
Mae listened with much reservation as Beck continued.  “Back to Neanderthals.  The Veshtu felt Neanderthals were too stupid to ensure their survival, so they used them more or less as a source for their feeding requirements.  Later, the Veshtu started experimenting with the genes of Neanderthals combined with genes of other species that were thriving under the conditions on earth.
After about one hundred thousand years, the Veshtu returned to find Homo sapiens had evolved.  To ensure that they would not homogenize their genes with Neanderthals, the Veshtu flooded the earth about thirty thousand years ago, completely erasing Neanderthals from existence.  It would take decades or centuries for humanity to propagate in sufficient numbers, so the Veshtu departed leaving their scientists, and guards known as the Nephilim, behind.
After several thousand years, the Nephilim gave humans the ability to reason, which caused the scientists to become a little too involved with their experiment, leading to interbreeding with humans.  Vampires are the result of their mating.  We are half Veshtu, half human.  Unlike the Veshtu, we do not kill the hosts from which we drink.  We can consume food like humans, but still need to drink on occasion to keep from becoming something similar to vitamin deficient in humans.  If we drink from a human, it will not turn them into a vampire, but they will experience something very orgasmic.  Vampires live indefinitely and are difficult to destroy because of our strength, speed and ability to self-heal.  However, we are completely sterile and unable to reproduce sexually or otherwise.
We are incredibly good at creating technology and do so with reckless abandon despite the consequences.  Vampires are solitary beings, competitive, and logical to a fault.  Things got complicated for us with the arrival of the Nauss around ten thousand years ago.  I believe Meredith might want to tell you about the Nauss.”  Beck sat down.
“Beck, how old are you?  Do the Veshtu still live here?” Mae asked, obviously not buying the entire alien story.
“I am not entirely sure how old I am.  However, I do recall the arrival of the Nauss.  The Veshtu never really lived here.  They have come and gone for extended periods of time in the past, but pretty much abandoned earth completely about two thousand years ago.”
“Then you are over ten thousand years old?  I can’t believe that in ten thousand years you never had children.  What about adoption?”
“It is not possible for me to have them.  I guess that is why I have never desired them.  Not even adopted ones.”  The thought of out-living any child he would raise or love always kept him from desiring them, even when Helen begged him to adopt, his answer was always no.
Mae always dreamed of one day settling down and having a large family, mostly because she grew up an only child with adoptive parents.  It had never occurred to her that there were people who did not want children.  “Are there very many vampires still around?”  Mae’s curiosity was getting the best of her as she continued to press for answers.
Beck started to relax as he answered Mae’s questions.   “No, it has become increasingly hard for us to maintain our numbers.”
“If you can’t reproduce sexually, and sucking your victim’s blood doesn’t convert them, then how are more vampires created?”  Gemma asked.
"It is possible to change a human by the mixing of our blood.  However, it creates an inseparable bond between the two, which is why we rarely do it.  Imagine spending an eternity with someone you do not like.  Not only that, but they have to be one hundred percent human.  No Nauss blood at all or they can't be turned," Beck explained.
"I suppose that would make for a miserable existence.  So…Have you ever turned someone?"  Mae asked, curious as to what type of person Beck would choose to bond with.
"Only once and he was killed shortly afterward."   At Helen's request he had turned her brother.  Two years later, he was dead from a Spartan spear through his heart, leaving both him and Helen utterly devastated.
"Who are the Nauss?" Mae asked.
Meredith stood, "The Nauss are the alien sources of witches.  They are a nomadic species, moving from planet to planet.  Arriving at the very onset of human civilization, they brought culture, language, art and music to humanity.  The Nauss are so similar to humans that it has been theorized that it was Nauss genes that the Veshtu used to evolve Neanderthals.  So, it is ironic that when the Nauss bred with humans, their offspring turned out to be poisonous to both Veshtu and vampires, a problem that increased with each generation.
The Veshtu were none too happy to find their food supply polluted.  At first the Veshtu and Nauss battled each other.  Humans watched as their gods destroyed the world around them.  Later, after the Veshtu abandoned this world, vampires took their place.  Now the majority of humans have some Nauss blood, but are not classified as witches unless their genetic makeup is more than fifty percent Nauss.  The higher the percentage, the more powers we manifest and the longer we live.  We suffer from the same problem as the vampires...namely infertility.  Most witches are born of parents that have little or no power.  Witches can sense each other, so when one is born, the Witches Council promptly steps in and removes the child at birth.  The Witches Council places the child in an adoptive home to ensure that they are raised by witches."
"Is that why I was adopted?"  It was a prospect that left Mae a bit unnerved.
"Mae, in your case it was just chance that you were adopted.  As of now the Council knows nothing of you, excluding myself.  You are unlike any witch I have known," Meredith confessed.  "There are a few traits we witches have.  We are at one with nature and tend to protect it.  We like peace and harmony in all things, at least most of us do.  I can't speak for Aidan on that; he marches to the beat of his own drum."  She turned and looked at him, waiting for him to make a snide remark in response.
"Mere, we can't all be perfect, what's the fun in that?  You know peace has never been in my nature," he reminded her.
"Almost two thousand years later and Loki is still rearing his ugly head," Meredith said as if to insult Aidan.
Thinking back to the time when he had been the Norse god of mischief.  "Once a trickster, always a trickster," Aidan laughed.
"Since you enjoy strife so much, you can tell Mae and Gemma about the infamous Vampire-Witch Wars," Meredith smiled, as she sat down.
Aidan didn’t even bother to stand as he explained their violent past.  "The vampires knew that if they did not keep the witch population in check, their kind would cease to exist.  Over the millennia, they have done many things to ensure their own survival.  As the gods of Egypt, Greece, Rome, India, and Syria, they commanded the people to conquer other civilizations.  Sometimes they would send plagues, but eventually they used religion.  The Crusades and the Spanish Inquisition existed purely to cull the witch population.  Their last attempt was in Salem during the settling of the new world.  Vampires wanted to create a witch free country.  That plan failed especially after they realized that the indigenous population was more Nauss than the people that came over from Europe.  After that, I think they just gave up.  Does that sound right, Beck?"  Aidan looked for Beck’s approval.
"Yes, I would say that is it in a nut shell.  Although giving up is not exactly what happened.  We have just been preoccupied these last few hundred years," Beck corrected Aidan.
"Preoccupied with what?" Mae asked.
"Technology.  Vampires are the inventors of technology and science.  Da Vinci, Franklin, Einstein and Tesla were all vampires."
"Steven Hawking?” Mae added.
Beck laughed, "No, Hawking is just a genius.  We cannot take credit for his work."
"I think we could all use a break about now.  It's a lot to absorb in one day, wouldn’t you agree Mae?" Meredith asked.
Everyone meandered into the kitchen for lunch.  Aidan and Gemma were chatting about sleeping arrangements for the upcoming night and Beck was pulling food out of the fridge to make sandwiches.  "How are you feeling?  Are the muscle relaxants working for you?"  Meredith inquired.
"I didn't need the muscle relaxants.  I feel great," Mae answered as she stood next to Beck and began making herself a sandwich.
Meredith was amazed at how fast Mae healed.  Even Aidan was complaining earlier about still being in pain from Mae's backlash.  "I’m glad to hear you recovered.  After lunch, I need to go over some rules and courtesies regarding your telepathic abilities.  Plus, I still have to go home and pack for tomorrows move to Lough Currane.”
“Why are we moving to Lough Currane?”  Mae asked.
“Beck has a house there and felt we needed more space.  In addition, it is secluded and surrounded by nature, which is exactly what Aidan and I need to train you,” Meredith stated as she pulled down some glasses from the cupboard for them to use.
“Will we get the chance to see some of the sights along the way?” Mae asked, before taking a bite out of her sandwich and joining everyone else at the kitchen table.
  “Beck mentioned taking the coastal route there; that way you get a chance to see some of the beauty of Ireland.  If I were you, I would make him stop in Waterford and check out the crystal factory.  I think you and Gemma would enjoy that,” Meredith suggested, pouring everyone a glass of iced tea.
Mae’s mind was running a thousand miles per hour as she mulled over everything.  She began to wonder exactly what Beck did for a living.  It was obvious that he had money, at least enough for a Georgian townhouse in Dublin, a house in the country, (most likely a vacation home), and a Bentley with a driver.  It seemed a bit exorbitant for someone who worked in the space technology field.  Other than that, lunch was unremarkable.

~~~***~~~

Gemma was in her room sorting through her things and repacking when Mae walked in. “You got a minute?” she asked in a somewhat concerned tone.
“Mae, I always have time for you.  What’s on your mind?”  Gemma sat on the bed and patted the seat next to her, gesturing for Mae to sit.
Mae sat down and sighed, “How can you be so calm and accepting of all of this?  You didn’t even blink at the mention of Beck being a ten thousand year old vampire!  So needless to say, I’m a bit concerned!”
“I wasn’t kidding when I said Aidan told me everything and I do mean everything.  We were up for hours last night,” Gemma sighed, thinking back to last night’s wild tryst.
“Yeah…about that, did Aidan tell you that Beck put a spell on you?” Mae started to play with her hair out of nervousness.
“He told me about Beck’s bewitchment, but it was the love spell you put on Aidan that surprised me,” Gemma said with a grin.
Mae stopped fidgeting and rolled her eyes.  “I’m sorry about that.  God, I hope you are not mad at me, Meredith thought it would help you get over Beck’s spell quicker if you had an overly willing partner.  I think she just has it in for Aidan,” Mae laughed.
“I should thank you.  Last night was amazing and somewhat disappointing at the same time.  No matter what Aidan did, it was not satisfying, at least not until Beck’s spell started to wear off and by that time, I think we were both too exhausted to enjoy it,” Gemma laughed.  “One day I would like to know what it is really like to be bitten, because if that was just an unsatisfying sample…The real thing must be incredible!” Gemma exclaimed, excitement lacing her voice.
“Last night was a bit crazy wasn’t it?” Mae sighed.  “Well, I’m glad you’re not completely pissed at me.”  Gemma hugged her then went back to repacking.  “I need to get back downstairs.  Meredith has another lesson for me,” she said reluctantly before leaving.
Meredith was waiting for Mae in the living room.  She sat in an upholstered chair by the fireplace and Mae took the adjacent chair.
Meredith smiled, “I know it seems like a lot is being thrown at you right now, nevertheless this lesson can’t wait.  Witches and vampires are telepathic, so we have certain courtesies and rules that we follow.  You may not realize it, but you are broadcasting your thoughts and emotions to everyone in this house except Gemma.  We have been doing our best to block you out, but sometimes your emotions scream out like a siren."
"Oh my God, I am so sorry.  I had no idea," Mae’s face turned red with embarrassment.
"There is nothing to be embarrassed about Mae.  We understand you were not raised as we were.  Otherwise, you would have known from childhood the proper protocol," Meredith explained.
Mae wondered how much of her thoughts were heard.  “Crap!  I hope Aidan and Beck did not know I was attracted to both of them,” she thought.  At this point it didn’t matter, the damage was already done.
"I think Beck can explain this to you better than I can.  Let me get him," said Meredith before she walked into the kitchen to talk to Beck.
Beck had been in the kitchen on his laptop.  He stopped what he was doing and met Mae by the fireplace.  "Looks like I am in charge of this lesson," he smiled.
Mae’s eyes glazed over as she became mesmerized by Beck’s dazzling smile.  "Are vampires able to talk to witches telepathically?" she inquired, clinging to some vestige of reality.
"Yes, telepathy seems like the only thing we have in common.  How much do you know about computers?" he asked, getting comfortable in his chair.
"Computers are my life!  In fact I feel lost not having mine on this trip.  I set up networks and program routers for a living, so I should be able to understand whatever you throw at me," she proudly answered.
"Good...then this lesson should be easy.  When you broadcast your thoughts and emotions, it is similar to a public wireless router set to beacon.  What you need to do is turn the beacon off mentally.  Just think of how you would set up a wireless router.  Now give it a try."
Mae imagined the steps she used to program a router.  She never thought of her mind as a network, but it made complete sense.  From Gemma's room they could hear Aidan yell, "Thank God, silence at last."
"Aidan, don't be such an ass!" Meredith yelled back from the kitchen.
Mae smiled at Beck, "I guess that worked," relieved to have some privacy once again.
"Well done Mae.  Next, we are going to speak to each other mentally without turning on your beacon, that way we can keep our conversation private.  This time I want you to imagine a firewall.  You can let in what you want and keep out the rest.  When someone wants to talk, you will feel a small nudge or tap in your mind.  Just like a computer’s IP address in a network.  The way each person taps feels different.  You can either except their request or block it.  I am going to try to talk to you telepathically.  After I tap, open a hole in the wall for my thoughts to pass through."  Beck reached out to Mae’s mind.
Within seconds, she could feel a sort of tingly tap in her mind and imagined a hole in the wall she had built to block her thoughts.
Mae.  She could hear Beck.  All you have to do is talk back to me in thought.
Is it really as simple as this, Beck? she replied.
Only to those of us who have the power to do it.
Mae closed the hole in her wall, ending the conversation.  "How do I initiate the conversation?" she asked with excitement.
"Just imagine going up to their wall and tapping on it," Beck replied.
Am I doing this right?
You are doing it perfectly.  Beck was astounded at how fast Mae picked up things.  Her tap was so different.  It was like the heated touch of a lover instead of the way one would tap a friend to get their attention.  He wondered if Helen was the reason for Mae’s unique mental finesse.
“It appears we are finished already, unless Meredith has something else for you.”  Beck announced loud enough for Meredith to hear in the kitchen.
Meredith walked back into the living room where Beck and Mae were sitting.  “I have nothing else for her today.  I’m leaving here in a few minutes.  I need to go home and pack.  Is there anything you need while I’m out?” she asked.
Beck put his fist under his chin in thought, then replied, “Since you are offering, can you stop by my office and pick up a few things for me?  I have to take care of some business here and do not have time to do it myself.”
“No problem, which office?” Meredith inquired.
“The downtown headquarters, I will have my assistant Monica, get everything ready and have it at the security desk for you to pick up.  Thank you Mere,” he replied, before walking back to his computer in the kitchen.
“You’re welcome.  How about you, Mae, need anything?” Meredith politely asked.
“I’m good, thank you,” Mae answered, not wanting to impose on Meredith’s generosity.
“Then I’m off…I will see everyone this evening, Call me if you think of anything you need.”
That reminded Mae that her cell phone would not work here and at some point soon she would have to do something about it.  It made her uncomfortable not having a working cell phone.  Mae walked up to where Beck was sitting.
“Can you go outside during the day?  Or is that just another misconception about vampires,” she asked.
“Yes, but only for limited amounts of time,” Beck replied, enjoying Mae’s curiosity.
“I guess you don’t spend much time at the beach,” she needlessly commented, attempting to make small talk.  “Is there a place we can sit outside?  I could use some fresh air,” Mae asked.
“There is a patio out back.  I could use some fresh air too,” Beck said, giving her his arm.
They walked out the back door to a small stone patio with a vine-covered pergola, surrounded by flowers and shrubs.  The cushioned wicker furniture added to its coziness.  They sat next to one another on a small couch with blue and white cushions.
“I know you told me you work in the space technology field, but I don’t think you were being completely honest with me,” Mae accused him with a laugh, not wanting to corner him with a direct question.
“I guess there is a little more to it than just that….In truth, I own a couple of aerospace companies and a medical research lab,” Beck confessed.  “I did not want to bore you with details and because people act different around you if they know you have money,” he honestly replied.
Mae leaned back against the pillows behind her.  “I can’t deny the truth in that.  What do you like to do for fun?” she questioned.
“I like to do Sudoku puzzles, martial arts…but I am obsessed with computer video games,” he replied with a smile.
Mae laughed when he said video games.  He just did not seem the type to spend the day geeking out on the computer.  “It seems we have much in common, Beck.  I love Sudoku, know some Tahtib, but prefer shopping, and Diablo is my sick little obsession.  Don’t tell Gemma that last part, she thinks it’s unladylike.”  She whispered the last part to him as if to keep Gemma from hearing.
Surprised, Beck said, “You play Diablo…that is what I play!  And I am amazed you know Tahtib, I thought the ancient art of Egyptian stick fighting was lost.”  Beck remembered his days as the Egyptian God, Sobek, when Tahtib had been one of his favorite pastimes.
"I'm surprised you have even heard of it.  What else do you like?" she asked, curious to know what more she and Beck had in common.
"Let me see, I like the color blue, Japanese food, and playing the piano.  How about you?" he asked, getting more comfortable next to her.
"Green is my favorite color, Mexican food and although music is not my thing, since I can't play anything, I do like to listen," she replied.
"Now it is my turn to ask you a question," Beck announced playfully.  "Tell me about your family, any brothers or sisters?"
Sadness replaced any smile that had been on Mae’s face seconds before.  "I was adopted at birth and know nothing about my biological parents.  My adoptive parents didn’t seem to have any family.  I grew up without aunts, uncles, cousins, grandparents or siblings.  Four years ago, my parents both died in an auto accident.  It was a month before I graduated college.  It’s the reason why I’m so close to Gemma. She is all I have left in this world.  We met in middle school shortly after her mother died.  Her father owns a large marketing firm and traveled often so Gemma practically lived with us until we went to college together.  She is my sister," Mae said, trying to control her emotions.
Beck reached out and held her hand, trying to comfort her.  "I am sorry, Mae," he said, letting go of her hand as he slipped his arm around her shoulders, drawing her into a close embrace.
Tears started to fall.  Mae couldn’t control the emotions that had been bottled up all these years.  It was the first time she had opened up to anyone.  Not even Gemma knew how lonely she had become.  Mae just sat there and cried in Beck's arms.
"Go ahead and let it all out Mae.  I understand what it's like to be alone," Beck whispered.
Beck began to wonder about Mae's adoptive parents and what were they hiding.  People do not distance themselves like that, without reason.  It was something he would have to look into, one more piece to the puzzle of Mae.
After a few minutes, Mae regained her composure, but felt a little guilty for unloading her feelings on a man she just met.  Beck still had his arms around her as if giving comfort to a grieving child.  He finally let go of his embrace, moving her hair away from her eyes and wiping the last of Mae’s tears gently with his thumbs, while cupping her face.
Mae’s emotions hit a raw nerve with Beck.  He would do anything to take that pain from her and see her happy.  However, he was already at odds with his conscience and knew he should not get too close to her….It would only make things worse when Helen returned and Mae ceased to exist.
They sat there holding hands, enjoying the quiet.  Aidan and Gemma soon joined them on the patio with a bottle of wine and some glasses.
“Mae, what’s with the little creeper around your neck?” Aidan asked, pointing to the red and white bug pendant she wore around her neck.
Gemma elbowed Aidan hard in the chest.  “Mae’s mom gave that to her the summer before she died.  Tell him the bug story, Mae….I love this story.”  Gemma sighed, wishing she had a story like this of her own.
“My parents and I were vacationing in St. Thomas.  We were shopping and my mom saw this bug pendant.  She said it reminded her of when I was little because she and Dad called me their little love bug, so she bought it for me.  Even though it’s just rhinestones and plated brass, it is my most prized possession and I never take it off.”  Mae smiled, remembering the good times she enjoyed before their death.
Beck quickly changed the subject from Mae’s family so as not to upset her.  “Is everybody ready for tomorrow’s move?  I hear the water at the Lough is still warm enough to swim in without getting hypothermic.”
“You still plan on driving the coastal route, Beck?”  Aidan had plans of his own that did not involve taking the long way to Lough Currane.
“Yes, plus a stop at the crystal factory in Waterford, the Heritage Center in Cobh, a picnic lunch on the coast, and an early dinner at O’Donnabhainn’s.  Did you have something else in mind?”  Beck questioned.
“Gemma and I will follow you as far as Waterford.  But after the tour, we’re driving directly to Killarney, so Gemma can do a little shopping.”
Mae wanted Gemma to ride with her so she asked, “Are you sure you don’t want to see the coast with us, Gemma, you don’t have to ride with Aidan.”
“Thank you…but no, I prefer to do a little therapeutic shopping before we get to Beck’s house,” Gemma replied.
“What about Meredith, is she coming with us?” Mae asked.
“Meredith is driving straight to the house in the morning.  She said she needed to prepare for your lessons.”  “Speak of the devil,” Beck said as Meredith opened the door and joined them on the patio.



Chapter 4


“Good morning everyone,” Mae chimed loudly, just to irritate those who had a little too much to drink the previous night when one bottle of wine turned into eight.  She noticed Beck was not at the kitchen table with Aidan and Gemma so she inquired, “Where is Beck?”
“He is with Donald getting the bags situated.  Gemma and I did not have enough room in the Roadster for all of our luggage.”  Aidan replied, finishing off the last of the eggs on his plate.
Gemma pushed back her chair, stood up, and began clearing the table of breakfast dishes.  She filled the wash bin in the sink with soapy water and began washing the dirty dishes.
“You know Beck has someone who takes care of that,” Aidan said to Gemma, pulling a drying rack out from under the sink and placing it on the counter.
“I find it therapeutic and it would drive me nuts to just leave dirty dishes in the sink.  I would be thinking about it all day,” Gemma said, continuing to wash the dishes.
Mae leaned over to Aidan and whispered, “She’s a bit OCD when it comes to the kitchen.”
“I heard that,” she laughed.
Beck came in through the front door looking like a God.  Khaki pants, white shirt, and a lightweight, olive-colored V-neck sweater.  After yesterday afternoon, it seemed as if Mae’s heart was running a marathon every time she laid her eyes on him.
“Aidan, I hope you don’t mind but I had to pack some of your stuff in Meredith’s car.  I did not have enough room in mine,” Beck yelled from the front door.  He walked into the kitchen, gave Mae a sheepish grin and sat down in the chair next to her. “Good morning Mae, are you ready to go?  I have a surprise for you in the car.”  Beck noticed Gemma at the sink.  “Gemma, you do not have to do the dishes, I have people that come in and do that for me.”  Aidan was shaking his head at Beck, having just had that very conversation.
“Seriously people, I like doing the dishes,” retorted Gemma, throwing a handful of soap bubbles at Aidan and Beck then returning to the dishes in the sink.
“Barefoot, pregnant and in the kitchen is exactly where a woman belongs, Beck,” Aidan quipped with his back turned to Gemma.  In response, Gemma took the wash bin that was in the sink and dumped it over his head.  He jumped up and stood there in shock, water dripping from his soaked clothing.
Beck and Mae were laughing so hard Meredith could hear them from outside and bolted in the front door to investigate the commotion.
Meredith pointed at Aidan and laughed, “Whatever he did, he probably deserved that!” 
“I’ll be changing now,” Aidan said leaving a trail of water from the kitchen to the bedroom.
“If only!”  Meredith yelled at him as he walked away.  Then she began to laugh again.
“Has he always been so full of himself?” Gemma asked Meredith, finishing the last of the dishes.
“Yes, he has and then some…You know, Beck has people to do the dishes,” Meredith added.
Gemma threw the kitchen towel in the air and silently walked out of the kitchen, causing Beck and Mae to start laughing all over again.
Meredith sat down at the table.  “Did I say something wrong?” she asked, confused by Gemma’s reaction.
“It’s a long story, Meredith and yes, Aidan deserved what he got,” said Mae, looking down at the mess on the floor.  “Do you have a mop?” she asked Beck.  “I think we have a mess to clean,” she giggled.
“That…was worth the mess,” Beck laughed getting up from his chair and grabbing a couple of mops and some towels out of a small broom closet in the kitchen.
It was an hour before they were finished cleaning the mess in the kitchen and finally ready to leave.  Beck walked Mae to the car where Donald was waiting for them.  As soon as they sat down, Beck reached over and grabbed a couple of bags from the front seat.
“These are for you,” he said handing Mae the bags.  “I had Meredith retrieve them from my office last night.”
Mae opened the small bag first to find a new cell phone.  “I can’t accept this,” she said feeling a bit odd to have been given such an expensive, personal gift from someone she just met.
“You can and you will.  It is important for you to have a working cell phone.  Besides it is a company phone and my IT people have dozens of these things just lying around.  So, please accept it,” Beck insisted.
“Okay… but only because I have been uncomfortable without a working cell phone these last few days,” she said, still uneasy about accepting it.  “What’s in the big bag?” Mae asked, her curiosity getting the best of her.
“A little something I have a hard time living without and I know you do, too.”  Beck smiled as he waited for her reaction.
She opened the big bag to find a laptop in it.  Before she had a chance to decline such an extravagant gift, Beck had already begun a somewhat rehearsed speech.
“Apparently they have a few of those lying around the office too.  So, before you tell me you cannot accept it or some other stupid crap like that, keep in mind if you do not accept it, I will just toss it out the window at the next rubbish bin we pass and you can watch me play Sudoku on my own laptop.  The cost of it is totally inconsequential to me,” Beck ranted, hoping she would not turn down the laptop.
Mae knew he was dead serious about throwing it away if she didn’t accept it.  “Well…How can I say no to that?  Thank you!” she kissed his cheek and pulled the laptop out of the bag.
“It is 4G so you can stay connected and I had them load some games on it for you.  Do you play Starcraft?” Beck asked, sounding like a kid in a candy store as excitement filled his voice.
“Human, Zerg, or Protoss?”  Mae replied, making Beck grin from ear to ear.

~~~***~~~

It took about two hours to get to Waterford.  The tour of the crystal factory was very interesting as they watched the artisans mold, carve, and cut crystal.  The tour ended in the retail store, where Mae walked around completely mesmerized by all the cut crystal sparkling under the lights casting rainbows throughout the store.  She had always been drawn to anything that sparkled.  Gemma once told her it was the only redeeming female quality she had, making up for her general lack of interest in all things girly.
Gemma was at the counter looking at a couple of carved perfume bottles.  Mae stood next to her as she decided which pricey little knick-knack she would take home.  Hypnotized by all the beautiful things in the case, Mae was oblivious to what the saleswoman asked when she sprayed her with perfume.  Mae gave the saleswoman a cross look as Aidan and Beck joined them at the display case.
Beck started sniffing, “What is that divine smell?”
“Mae was ambushed, by a saleswoman who sprayed her with perfume while she wasn’t looking,” Gemma laughed.
Mae was less amused by it and replied, “She was like a ninja and came out of nowhere.”
“Have you decided which one you want?” Aidan asked Gemma.
“I like the tall perfume bottle with the butterflies on it,” she replied.
Aidan signaled the saleswoman to the counter and paid for Gemma’s bottle.  Unlike Mae, Gemma had no problem accepting gifts from men.  They have been giving her gifts her entire life and Aidan was still trying to make up for this morning’s comment about a woman’s place.
“Mae, I need your opinion on something,” Beck said.
Mae told Aidan and Gemma goodbye, then she followed Beck to where the chandeliers were hanging.
“I wanted to replace the light fixtures in the dining room at the house and need a woman’s opinion.  Can you help me?” Beck asked, wanting to see what Mae liked.
“I’m not good at this kind of thing.  You should have asked Gemma when she was here.  She loves decorating.”  “Why would he want an expensive chandelier at a country home?” she thought to herself.
“I trust your opinion more,” he said.
“Very well, but I did warn you ahead of time.  What type of décor do you have in the dining room?” she asked, as there were many styles to choose from.
“Old Providence, the current fixtures are over one hundred years old and do not emit much light.”  To Beck, it seemed like just yesterday when he replaced the old gas fixtures with electric ones.
Mae pointed out a couple of smaller fixtures she thought were simple.  It was not her taste, but what she presumed would look good in a rustic, old, country home.  Personally, she liked the more flashy ones and apparently, so did Beck.  He ultimately chose a large twelve-armed chandelier with crystals cascading from the top to the end of each arm as well as two smaller three-armed ones that matched.  Mae figured he must be replacing the fixtures in some of the other rooms as well.  She noticed while they were looking at chandeliers, Beck kept close to her and inhaling deeply.  The smell of the perfume was starting to grow on her as well.  Mae stood next to Beck as he paid the saleswoman for his transactions.  When the saleswoman left, he moved Mae’s hair aside and inhaled deeply.  He kissed the back of her neck causing butterflies in her stomach.
“That perfume is intoxicating on you,” he whispered in her ear.
She could feel his warm breath on the side of her neck as he spoke, making her weak in her knees.  There was something in the perfume that left both of them heady from its scent.  The saleswoman returned and before she could give Beck his credit card back, he added the bottle of perfume for her to ring up also.
Settling into the back of the car once again, Beck and Mae held hands as they continued their journey.   Mae could feel his pulse racing with hers, yet both of them felt afraid to make a move, for fear of repeating the animal-like fury they felt on the dance floor two nights previous.  This time there was no bewitchment involved and any emotions they felt would be their own.  Beck drew her closer, leaning over to kiss her.  This time it was slow and controlled.  He kissed her neck then ran his tongue up just below her ear, his warm breath against her skin as she quivered.  Mae moved her hand to his thigh, both of them pausing as if they were approaching some invisible boundary.  Then Beck pulled away, leaving her somewhat confused.  “Maybe I went too far or maybe he doesn’t feel the same way I feel,” she thought, moving back to her seat.
“We should stop and take things slow,” Beck said, feeling the urge to regain control.  Falling in love with Mae was not an option; for now keeping her content would have to be enough, anything more would be an invitation to chaos.
She did not want to take things slow.  She knew she would soon be returning home and all of this would just be a memory.  Feeling dejected, she didn’t know how else to take what he said as she thought to herself.  “He is handsome, smart and generous.  Why would he fall for someone like me?”  For a time, Mae just sat in awkward silence.
“Mae what is wrong?  What did I do?”  Beck asked, sounding genuinely concerned.
“Maybe it was my imagination, but I thought there might be something between us,” she said, her voice heavily laden with disappointment.
“There is…and that is what scares the hell out of me,” he said calmly, in a half-whisper.
“Honestly Beck I’m terrible with relationships.  I am not beautiful like Gemma or witty like Meredith…I am just plain Mae.  When I meet a person like you, they are usually only talking to me to get Gemma’s number.  So, forgive me for taking everything as rejection, it’s just what I’m accustomed to,” Mae said softly, carefully avoiding eye contact with him.
“You are more than just plain Mae.”  He tilted her head to look at him.  “You are beautiful, smart and I have laughed more in the last two days than I have the last two years.  All I can think about is you and I am afraid I might say or do something to scare you away,” he said as he thought in the back of his mind, “I am so screwed!”  He knew there would be no turning back now and someone would pay the price for his indiscretion.
“Where do we go from here?” Mae asked.
“For now, you lie back in my arms and enjoy the view.  I am not going anywhere,” reassured Beck.
“By the way, I don’t scare that easily,” she said, lying in his arms against his chest.
“That perfume still drives me crazy,” Beck whispered in her ear as he wrapped his arms around her.
She giggled at his comment.
They spent the rest of the morning at the Heritage Center in Cobh.  There was a lot to see; Cobh was previously known as Queenstown and a major point of emigration from Ireland to the United States and Canada.  It harbored many ships such as the Titanic and Lusitania.  The inside of the Center was a restored Victorian railroad and a replica of what life on a prison ship bound for Australia was like.  Mae wanted to spend more time there, but she was getting hungry and Beck had plans for lunch elsewhere.
They drove down the coast for about thirty minutes, stopping at a small park near the water in Kinsale.  Beck had packed a picnic lunch for them consisting of cheese, wine, bread, and fruit.  It was peaceful as they sat on a blanket by the water, eating, and watching the boats pass by.
"What do you think of Ireland so far?" Beck asked.
"It's beautiful!  I find it amazing the people here have persevered over so many atrocities.  I'm glad Gemma dragged me here," Mae replied, closing her eyes and enjoying the breeze off the water.
Beck stood up, gathering the rest of the picnic basket’s contents and handing all of it to Donald to take back to the car.  “There are a couple of microbreweries here in Kinsale if you would care to do a little beer tasting while we are here.”
“Sounds good to me as long as it’s not stout beer, I don’t think I could ever acquire a taste for something that looks like motor oil and tasted like burnt coffee.”  Mae got up from the blanket and helped Beck fold it before walking back to the car.
Beck laughed at her.  “You Americans with your light beer cannot handle the real stuff.”
“Are you insinuating that I drink watered down beer because I’m a wuss?” she said defensively.
“I do not know, are you?” Beck shot back teasingly as he threw the blanket in the trunk of the car.
“Being able to hold my liquor is in my genes.  I will drink your ass under the table if you give me the chance.”  Mae found out during her first year at college that for whatever reason, she just didn’t get drunk.
“Is that a challenge?” Beck asked raising his brows.  He knew that as a vampire this was a challenge Mae could not win.  He could metabolize alcohol about as fast as he could drink it.  Aidan had tried a thousand times to out-drink him, but always failed.
“Game on!” she said as she was thinking, “I would love to see Beck drunk off his ass, then maybe I could take advantage of the situation, because this sexual tension is starting to get the better of me.”
Beck debated whether or not to tell Mae about the unfair odds, but vampires always love a good challenge.  It was part of their nature.  “Oh, well then…It is on!” he replied playfully.
Sitting at a table in the middle of the pub, they ordered another round, their tenth in the past two hours.  Mae was getting tired of going to the bathroom every twenty minutes and suggested shots instead.  “One way or another we are going to have a winner,” she thought.
Beck yelled across the pub to the bartender.  “Twenty shots of Bushmills, please.”  The bartender just shook his head pouring the shots and bringing them to the table.
Each of them lined up ten shots as a small crowd, mostly consisting of the pub staff, started to gather around the table.  “The rules are: Ten shots…two minutes, last one to finish has to stand on the table and sing I’m a Little Teapot, agreed?”  Mae challenged him with full confidence that she could win this hands down.
“Agreed!  And the winner gets to video tape it on their phone,” Beck added, setting his phone down on the table, insinuating that she would be the loser.
She thought about it for a second then replied, “Fine, but only for their personal viewing, no posting on YouTube or Facebook.”  Then they shook hands to seal the deal.
The bartender volunteered to keep time and referee.  “Are you ready?…Go!” he said, in a heavy Irish accent.
The glasses were hitting the table in perfect synchronicity as they finished each shot, with the crowd cheering them on as they raced to finish.  Everything went quiet when their last shots hit the table in a single clunk!  The crowd all looked to the bartender to provide a definitive answer to their question…“Who won?”
“Looks like we have a tie!” exclaimed the bartender.  The crowd booed at his ruling.  But not wanting to miss the free entertainment, they started chanting, “Sing!  Sing!  Sing!”
Beck looked at Mae, wiping the corner of his mouth with his sleeve.  “It appears we shall have a riot on our hand if we deny these good people their song.”
She laughed and rolled her eyes.  “Surely you don’t intend for us to stand on the table and sing?”
“That is exactly what I am suggesting.  So, are you ready to give them a little show?”  Beck asked as he stood on the chair then stepped onto the table, offering her his hand in assistance.
“As ready as I’ll ever be,” she sighed, clasping his hand and joining him on the table.
They handed their phones to bystanders to record them.  A minute later they finished and bowed while the crowd cheered.
“How are you feeling?” inquired Beck, helping her down from the table.  He had never expected to take things so far.  It worried him because they had each drunk enough alcohol to make a horse pass out.  Oddly enough, Mae was not only still standing, but she appeared completely sober.
“I feel fine except for my crushed ego and utter embarrassment,” she laughed.
“Yours and mine both,” he laughed, paying the tab.
Once again they were in the car and back on the road.  After several minutes, drowsiness overtook them both and they fell asleep in each other’s arms.  A couple of hours later, Beck woke Mae up.
“We are almost to Kenmare and I thought you might like to freshen up a bit before we arrive,” Beck said, handing her a wet towelette and a bottle of water.
“I must look like hell.  Do you have any mints or gum?”  Mae hoped he did, the taste of whiskey still lingering on her breath.
“You look fine,” he said, handing her a tin of mints from the center console.
"You must be a Boy Scout...always prepared," she said, taking the mints and popping a couple in her mouth.
"And you are full of surprises.  Which I am certain will test my resourcefulness to its maximum," he grinned.
"I wonder what Gemma and Aidan are up to?  He didn’t look very happy about having to go shopping.  Are they going to eat dinner with us?"  Mae did not like being separated from Gemma.
"Aidan made plans for them in Killarney.  We will meet up with them at the house right after we eat.  You may call her if you like.  Her number is on your phone already, I had everyone’s numbers loaded on your phone before I gave it to you."
"Boy Scout," she accused.
"Lush," he replied playfully. 
"When did Gemma get a phone?"  Mae asked, wondering if she missed some secret transaction.
"I gave her one this morning before we left.  I was not kidding when I said I had several of these lying around at work."  Beck knew Mae would be more comfortable if she could keep in contact with Gemma on the trip.
Mae called Gemma to see what she and Aidan were doing.  "How's the shopping going?"
"Oh my God, I found the cutest boots and jacket!" Gemma exclaimed.
"You and Aidan playing nice?" she was curious to know if they were still mad from this morning.
"Aidan has been on his best behavior since this morning and even took me for a massage," she giggled.
"Sounds relaxing.  I guess I will see you after dinner then, bye," Mae was relieved to talk to her but didn’t want to spend all day on the phone, so she cut the conversation short.
"Is all well with them?" Beck asked.
"Apparently so, he took her for a massage and everything."  Mae answered, relating what Gemma told her to Beck.
"Well at least they are not fighting.  Sometimes Aidan can be a bit of a cad," Beck said, seemingly unaccustomed to criticizing his friend.
Looking out the window at the landscape, the view was breathtaking with ocean-side cliffs and small mountainous lakes.  Mae could see small cottages hugging the coast all the way up to the mountains; it all seemed so peaceful.  Within minutes, they arrived in the small picturesque town of Kenmare, where they would dine at a pub called O’Donnabhain’s.
The dining atmosphere was laid back and the food was fantastic.  When they finished their dinner, they meandered into the bar where several musicians were playing traditional Irish folk music.  They sat and listened to a couple of songs before leaving since Beck wanted to get to Lough Currane before dark.
As they arrived in Lough Currane, Donald turned off the main road to a narrow back road.  He drove about another mile and stopped in front of a small cottage in the woods.  Mae had assumed Becks country house would be cozy, but there was no way they would all fit in this tiny abode.
“I hope the inside is bigger than it looks on the outside,” she said, eyeing the cottage.
“This is not where we are staying, this is just one of the guest cottages.  Aidan is staying here to avoid rooming with a houseful of women, so we are just dropping off his belongings,” Beck laughed.
Mae sighed as relief washed over her face, “For a moment there I thought we were all going to stay in this cottage.”
 “My home is just a bit further down the road,” he said, as he and Donald unloaded Aidan’s bags from the car.
When they finished, Donald continued to drive down the narrow road, shaded by trees, until they were at to the edge of the woods where it seem to open up into a large well-groomed estate.  Mae was completely flabbergasted by what she saw.  A massive modern castle came into view.  It was similar in design to the Biltmore Castle back in the states, but much older looking.
“You live in a castle?” she asked sarcastically, since it was far from the small country house she had imagined.
“If that is what you want to call it.  Then yes, this monstrosity is mine,” he smiled with pride.
They pulled into the stone driveway and parked next to Meredith’s black Prius.  Mae was glad to see Aidan’s Tesla Roadster, knowing he and Gemma would be here waiting for them.  Mae was stunned at the overly ornate décor as she stepped in the front door.  It only proved to her how little she knew about the man with whom she just spent the day.
“I had the maids prepare a room for you next to Gemma and Meredith’s.  But you may choose any room you like, although it could take some time to go through all forty-two of them,” Beck said, revealing a streak of conceit about the size of his home.
Gemma finally met them in the foyer, grabbed Mae’s arm and walked her in from the front door and Beck.  “Can you get over the inside of this place?”  Gemma asked, pointing to the Michelangelo-style painted cathedral ceiling.  “I got lost in one of the upstairs wings earlier.  Good thing Aidan was looking for me, because I’m not sure I could have found my way out,” she laughed softly.
“Beck is so unassuming when he says things.  This is not what I would call a home in the country,” Mae replied, motioning to all the finery around them.
“How about I show you to your room?  If I can remember where it is…” mumbling the last part of her sentence as she tried to hide her confusion in locating their bedrooms.
“What if we get lost?” Mae asked, poking fun at Gemma.
“Aidan added his number to my speed dial in case such an emergency should arise,” she shot back playfully, trying to reassure Mae of their wellbeing.
“I know Beck is not your type, but I hope he didn’t bore you to death driving up here and you know you don’t have to pretend to like him for my sake,” Gemma added, not wanting to force anyone on Mae.
“Actually we had a good time, better than I expected,” Mae confided to her, still not ready to tell her the whole gamut of emotions she felt for Beck.
“Here we are,” Gemma said, opening the door to the room Beck had picked out for Mae.
The walls were a medium colored aqua-blue with lots of white crown molding.  The furniture was all white with gold trim including the large canopied bed in the middle of the room.  Elaborate antiques randomly dotted the room.  Mae had never stayed in a room as luxurious as this, but it was far from what she considered cozy.
“It’s beautiful,” Mae said, sitting down on the edge of the bed.
There was a knock on the door frame.  Beck was standing there looking like perfection incarnate, only this time the palatial surroundings amplified his god-like attributes.
“I thought I would give you a tour of the house,” he said, leaning against the doorframe.
One look at him was all it took for Mae to abandon her conversation with Gemma.  “I would appreciate that immensely,” she said, anxious to see the rest of his palace.
He showed her some of the other bedrooms, in case she did not like the one he had chosen for her.  The other rooms were just as beautifully decorated, but Mae liked the color of the room he had picked.  They walked for what seem like a mile, when he stopped at a set of massive double doors.
“This is my room,” he said, opening the doors to the most magnificent bedroom of all.
She wished his room was not so far away from hers and wondered if that was intentional.  He showed her around the rest of the house, which seemed to have a room for everything.  Now it made sense why Beck ordered three chandeliers for the dining room, as well as how Gemma got lost earlier.  He ended his tour in a room that had computers and large monitors set up.  The décor was different from the rest of the house, looking more like command central for the space shuttle with a touch of IKEA.  There were electronics everywhere, but it was still cozy.
“This is the computer room, and my favorite room in the house,” he said, kicking back in one of the gaming chairs.
Mae flopped down in a beanbag chair next to him.  “It’s my favorite room too,” she concurred.
Beck laughed at her remark.  “I thought you would be into that ridiculously opulent décor throughout the rest of the house.”  The sarcasm lacing his voice sounded playful.
“As beautiful as it is, I find it uptight.  On the other hand, this is far more comfortable.  I feel like I can be myself here and not pretend to be someone I am not,” she said in a melancholy tone.  His home made her feel out of place, but she wished she did not sound as though she were being ungrateful.
“I do not want you to be anyone other than who you are Mae, whether you are in this room or any other room in this house.  I want you to feel at home here,” Beck said leaning over and kissing her cheek.  “I want to show you something I think you might appreciate.”  He got up and grabbed a couple of software boxes from a computer desk.  He smiled, tossing one of the boxes to her.
“What is this?” she asked as she looked over the box.  “Is this what I think it is?”  Mae’s eyes lit up like a kid on Christmas day.
”Diablo III,” he said raising his eyebrows.  “Do not get too excited; it is only the beta version.”
“How in the word did you manage to get your hands on these?  I have been waiting years for this game to be released.”
“I have a few connections at Blizzard,” he stated, as if to impress.
“This is so cool!” she exclaimed, jumping up and hugging him.
“It is getting late, so the games will have to wait until tomorrow.”
Mae made a frown and pouted at him.  “Okay, but tomorrow we play.”

~~~***~~~

After the day’s adventure, Mae was glad to take a shower. She was still feeling a bit sticky from all the whiskey and beer she drank earlier.  The shower was big enough to fit a whole family in and the acoustics were incredible.  Soon, she found herself singing Adiemus just so she could hear her voice echo off the long shower wall.  “Today was the most incredible day of my life,” she thought.  Beck turned out to be far more down to earth than she could ever have imagined, but Aidan’s touch still lingered in the back of her mind, as she let the hot water stream over her.
Beck stood in the hallway.  He was checking to see if the girls needed anything before he turned in for the night.  When he heard Mae singing in the shower, he stopped to listen.  Her voice was beautiful, like a siren’s song luring him to his demise.  Mae had a certain fire about her; she was spontaneous and loved the same things he did.  She was the complete opposite of Helen and her reserved demeanor.  He never could have imagined Helen doing any of the things he and Mae did and it left him feeling somewhat guilty to have enjoyed it so much.  The shower stopped and Beck quickly departed not wanting her to know he was listening.
Mae put on the plaid pajama bottoms and t-shirt she stole from Beck’s apartment, his scent still lingered on them and it made her think of the kiss they shared in the car earlier.  She smiled just thinking about it and could not wait for more stolen moments with him.  “Next time I will not let him stop me so easily,” she thought.   The house seemed very quiet.  Gemma and Meredith must have already gone to bed…so she did the same.
Beck lay in bed tossing and turning, his actions from the day mentally replaying.  It was the first time in over thirty five hundred years that anyone other than Helen had stolen his heart.  He betrayed Helen by getting close to Mae and now he stood at the cross-roads unable to choose.  How could he tell Mae about Helen?  Mae would leave him and never look back if she found out the real reason he brought her to Ireland.  How could she forgive a man who was so ready to wipe her from her existence on earth?  His heart screamed in anguish as his emotions kept him feeling confused and twisted.  Unable to sleep, he walked the grounds looking for something to ease his self-imposed torment.  He decided a blood feeding might be the very drug needed to numb him from his own despair.



Chapter 5


Beck snuck back in just as the sun was coming up, he was covered with the blood of some poor local girl who was all too willing to let him feed on her.  His stomach was lurching from the previous night’s indiscretion, as she was not completely human, her blood having enough Nauss blood to almost qualify her as a witch.  His fix was long gone and regret quickly took its place as he made his way to his room.  He stepped into the shower fully clothed, needing to wash away the evidence before anyone found out what he had done.  As soon as he reached for the handles to turn the water on, uncontrollable nausea consumed him.  He doubled over in pain and spewed the bloody contents of his stomach.

~~~***~~~

It was barely morning when Aidan noticed Beck stumbling across the lawn.  Something was terribly wrong with this picture, so he followed Beck unseen into the house and up the stairs.  When he got to Beck’s room, he found the doors were locked.  He was about to turn away and leave, not wanting to invade his friend’s privacy, when he heard a crash from within.  Aidan used magic to unlock the door and ran to the bathroom where his friend lay unconscious on the shower floor in a pool of blood.  Aidan felt panicked, he had never seen Beck like this.  He kneeled next to Beck and shook his shoulders calling his name.
“Come on Beck, wake up!” he shouted to his unresponsive friend.  Aidan reached over and turned the water on, it was ice cold and the shock of it made Beck stir.  Soon the water warmed and Beck opened his eyes, his head resting on Aidan’s lap.
“Just kill me now,” Beck whispered looking up at his friend.  His body was wracked with gut-wrenching pain, making him cry out in agony.
“I don’t want to hear any of your crazy talk right now, Beck.  You and I will have a man to man talk later, for now let’s just get you cleaned up.”  Aidan knew it would be his turn to be the voice of reason, like Beck had always been for him.  “My magic doesn’t work on you.  Otherwise I might be able to help with the pain.  Meredith is good with herbs, I’ll get her to make something for you.”
Aidan helped Beck clean himself up.  He carried his friend to bed and brought him the trash can from the bathroom, in case he got sick again.  He cleaned the bathroom not wanting the housekeepers to see the bloody mess Beck had left behind.  He quickly bundled all the blood soaked-towels and clothes into a duffel bag from Beck’s closet and disposed of them in the rubbish bin outside.  It was the first time in their long friendship that Beck was the one having to be cleaned-up after.  Aidan was definitely going to find the underlying cause of his friend’s strange behavior.

~~~***~~~

Mae heard a tap on her bedroom door.  It was Gemma checking to see if she was awake.
“Mae, are you up?”  Gemma whispered from the door.
Mae jumped out of bed and let Gemma in.  She had been awake for a couple of hours.  Last night’s dream still haunted her with its realness.  Her legs wrapped around Beck’s body, surrendering to orgasmic bliss as Beck drank from her, his hot breath sinking into her soul in screams of ecstasy, until she suddenly woke, feeling remorse and finding her body over-whelmed by gut-wrenching pain…something was wrong with Beck and Mae knew it.
“I hope I didn’t wake you, but I have no idea where the kitchen is and I need a cup of coffee,” Gemma explained, sitting on the corner of the bed.
“I was up already.  Just give me a minute to get changed and we can find the kitchen together,” Mae smiled and tried to sound light-hearted despite the distress she was feeling for Beck.
Once they arrived at the bottom of the stairs, Mae could hear Aidan chatting with Meredith.  By following the sound of his voice, they found their way to the large kitchen with a table sitting in the bay window.  Meredith and Aidan were sitting at the table, discussing herbs when Aidan looked over and saw them.
“I was just getting ready to send out a search party,” he laughed as he winked a Gemma.
“Ha ha very funny, Aidan,” Gemma shot back playfully.
“Breakfast is in the warming trays on the counter,” Aidan said, pointing to the large silver chafing dishes on the counter.
Gemma and Mae each fixed themselves a plate of food and sat down at the table next to Aidan.  “Where is Beck?” Mae inquired, last night’s dream left her all too uneasy concerning his welfare.
Aidan did not want to tell her the truth, but he had to say something.  “He’s not feeling well this morning,” he answered nervously.
“I didn’t think vampires could get sick,” she retorted, remembering what Beck said about being able to heal quickly.
“Well in Beck’s case it’s more self-inflicted than viral,” Aidan commented, not wanting to go into the details of this morning’s bloody fiasco.
“I’m going to check on him as soon as I finish my breakfast,” she replied, giving Aidan little room to deny her visiting him.
“I don’t think that is such a good idea,” responded Aidan, thinking that she was the likely cause for Beck’s pain.
“That wasn’t a question,” she countered, downing the last of her orange juice.
Aidan followed Mae all the way to Beck’s door, blocking her entrance when she got there.  Something was not right about this situation and she wanted to get to the bottom of it.
“Please Mae, don’t do this,” pleaded Aidan as he stretched himself out in front of her, in a final attempt to keep her out of Beck’s room.
“What are you keeping from me, Aidan?” she questioned as irritation started to grate inside of her.
“I can’t go into details.”
Mae pushed Aidan aside and entered the room.  As soon as she saw Beck, she put her hand over her mouth and whispered.  “Oh my God!” Mae’s heart sank as she saw his lifeless body lying on the bed.  His skin was so translucent she could see through it and he had black circles under his eyes.  She sat down on the bed next to him and held his hand.  His eyes opened slightly, turning his head slowly, and looking at her, disappointment washed over his face.
Aidan, what the hell is she doing here?  Beck lashed out at his friend in thought.
I tried to stop her Beck, but she just pushed me out of the way.
“You look like death,” Mae said, moving the hair from his face and touching his cheek.  He felt like ice and the coldness of his skin left her chilled.
“Aidan he’s freezing.  Are there any electric blankets around here?” Mae knew Beck needed more heat and logically understood that regular blankets were not going to work.
“Not that I know of, I’ll get Meredith to bring up some hot tea,” he said as Mae started to take off her clothes.
“What are you doing Mae?” Aidan asked, completely shocked at the sight of Mae disrobing in front of him.
“I’m going to warm him up, I learned this in survival school.  Aidan I need you to strip him down.” Beck passed out again, so Aidan removed the remainder of Beck’s clothes as Mae crawled across the bed from the other side and got as close to him as she could, laying her body half on top of his.  “Aidan, is there a way for witches to create heat?”  She could feel Beck draining all the warmth from her and she began to shiver.
“Yes, you need to absorb as much energy from the room as you can but not from Beck.”  Aidan opened the curtains, letting the light in.  “Pull the light into you and transform it into heat by making the energy move faster,” Aidan explained.
Mae could feel her body getting warm again.  She concentrated on converting the light energy to heat and passing that warmth to Beck.  With what little energy he had left, he drew her closer to him, taking what he needed.
In the meantime, Aidan ran downstairs to get Meredith.  He was upset with himself for allowing Beck to fall into crisis while he sat downstairs eating breakfast and chatting with Meredith, instead of staying at Beck’s side.  He was completely winded by the time he got to the kitchen and started to explain the emergency to Meredith and Gemma.  Meredith ordered the kitchen staff to make some ginger tea and bring it up right away.  She quickly headed to Beck’s room, leaving Aidan to be consoled by Gemma in the kitchen.
Beck and Mae lay there, curled up in each other’s arms when Meredith arrived.  She stood there for a moment appearing to assess the situation and then walked over to the bed.
“You are one smart girl, Mae.  You seem to be making heat enough for the two of you and I can’t do anything beyond what you have already done.  I asked for some ginger tea to be sent up; it will help warm you both.  If you need a break, Aidan and I are in the kitchen and will be happy to relieve you.  So, as long as you feel you have the situation under control, I will leave you two alone,” Meredith said with a bemused grin.
“I think we’re good for now, I will let you know if anything changes,” Mae replied, not liking the idea of Meredith or Aidan taking her place.  She would lie here all day if she had to, cozy in Beck arms.  
Eventually Beck began to stir under her.  He opened his eyes, so she began to pull away, only to have him pull her tighter against him.
“Mae, please do not go,” he whispered lethargically.
She lay back against him as he closed his eyes and relaxed his grip.  He was producing his own heat now and she no longer had to concentrate on creating heat for both of them.  Mae could feel his hard muscles against her bare body and raised her arm across his chest, touching his face.  His arm wrapped around her waist, his hand splayed across the small of her back.  She lightly ran her fingers down his neck and chest, stopping at his waist.  Her leg lay across his inner thigh tangling with his legs.  Mae’s heart was beating hard and fast when he turned to his side to face her, dropping his hand to her rear.
His demeanor changed as soon as he noticed her nakedness against him.  “I need you to get Aidan for me,” he struggled to say.
Once again, feeling rejected, she quickly dressed and returned with Aidan.
“I am really starting to hate the size of this place and those accursed stairs,” Aidan complained to Beck when he arrived.
“Mae, I need you to leave and shut the door behind you.  I need a moment please!”  He did not want Mae to see him like this, his stomach cramping in pain once again.
Mae turned around and shut the door behind her, as tears started to run down her face.
“Aidan, I need you to help me to the bathroom,” Beck commanded, holding his stomach.  Beck was in pain again, only this time he was doubled over in front of the toilet, thanks to Aidan.  His stomach heaved relentlessly until he blacked out.
Aidan ran to get help and stumbled over Mae’s body at the bottom of Beck’s bedroom door.  She lay there in the fetal position holding her stomach, tears running down her face as pain contorted her insides.  Mae could hear Aidan yelling for Meredith.  He didn’t know what to do so he carried Mae back to Beck’s bed.
“Mere, I don’t know what the hell is going on here…Beck was in the bathroom throwing up a lung, then he passed out.  When I came to get you, I found Mae in a heap in front of Beck’s door.”  Aidan ran his hand through his hair and sighed.
Aidan and Meredith moved Beck back to the bed, then started to ask Mae questions.  “What happened to you Mae?”  Meredith asked, hoping she could explain everything.
“I was giving Aidan and Beck their privacy and as soon as I shut the door, I started to feel as if my insides were being torn out,” she explained.
“I need to make some calls.  What is going on here is beyond my scope.  Aidan, I need to talk to you in private.”  They stepped outside the door and closed it.
“I think I know what the problem is Aidan,” Meredith whispered, not wanting to be heard by the others.
“What would that be?” he questioned.
“I don’t know how it is even possible, with her being a witch but they have a vampires bond between them,” Meredith theorized.
“We need to talk to Beck before we tell Mae anything.  He should be the one to tell her,” Aidan suggested.
“Okay, in the mean time we can’t separate them.  So think of an excuse to keep her in his room,” Meredith said, knowing that things were quickly going from complicated to chaotic.
Mae was feeling better, she got up and put Beck’s pajama bottoms on him.  As much as she admired his nakedness, she didn’t want him to share it with everyone in the house.  Meredith and Aidan returned to the room and Meredith started fussing over her, so she returned to bed.
“While we wait for answers, it would be best if you stayed here with Beck.  I will go get Gemma, she can keep you company.  There is also a sizable library if you would to like something to read,” Meredith suggested.
Mae noticed the stack of Sudoku books sitting on the nightstand.  “I’ll just do some of Beck’s Sudoku puzzles.  If you don’t mind, can you bring up the laptops and get me some more comfortable clothes?  Is he going to be okay?” she asked.  Beck looked like death, which worried her.
“As long as he is not losing heat.  Rest is all he needs for now,” Meredith answered.
“Aidan, Gemma, and I are going to hang out down the hall in the game room for the rest of the day.  That way if you need us, we’ll be within earshot.”  Meredith didn’t want to be far from Beck, in case he went into shock.  Besides, the stairs were becoming a real pain.
Aidan handed Mae some of Beck’s puzzle books and a pencil.  “Gemma and I will get the things you might need and bring them to you in a bit.”
“Thank you,” was all Mae could think to say as they left the room.  She looked down at Beck lying beside her and reached out to touch his arm, checking to see if he was still warm.
It was not long before Aidan and Gemma showed up with their arms full of stuff.  They pulled a small table and a couple of chairs to Mae’s side of the bed.  Gemma handed her Beck’s plaid pajama bottoms and t-shirt to put on, causing Mae to blush knowing she was busted for taking his clothes.  She also had Mae’s toiletry bag and a stack of magazines.  Aidan set the laptop Beck gave Mae on the table and Beck’s laptop on his nightstand, then sat in one of the chairs while Gemma helped Mae change in the bathroom.
“Only you Mae could manage to get stuck in bed with a sexy beast like Beck.  And by the way, you look adorable in his PJ’s,” Gemma smiled as she finished helping Mae change.
“Guilty as charged…I stole his clothes,” she admitted to Gemma.
“You like him don’t you?”  It was more of an accusation than a question.
“I’m pleading the fifth, I don’t want to implicate myself in something that is doomed to fail.  Plus I’m not sure how he feels about me.  One minute we connect and the next he’s cold and aloof.  It’s all very confusing,” she confided to Gemma.
“Mae, just be yourself.  Really what’s not to love?” she said, giving Mae a big hug.
Mae settled back down next to Beck and slowly drifted to sleep.  When Mae woke up, Beck was snuggled against her back with his arm wrapped around her.  She was glad to know he was well enough to move across the bed.
“Every time I pass out, I find us in bed together.  I could get used to that,” Beck whispered, letting her know he was awake.
She wrapped her arms around his.  “Every time you pass out, it scares the life out of me.  I will never get used to that,” she whispered back.
They lay there for a moment then Beck sat up.  “I do not feel well and I need to go to the bathroom,” he said urgently.
“AIDAN!”  Mae yelled from the bed, glad that they thought to leave the doors open so she could be heard.  Beck just stared at her, not expecting what came next, a stampede of people running down the hallway.
“Wow!  That was quick… No emergency, Beck just needed help going to the little boy’s room,” Mae announced to Aidan, Gemma, and Meredith as they stood there ready to stave off the next crisis.  Meredith and Gemma sat in the chairs by the bed, while Aidan helped Beck into the bathroom.
“I hope you just need to wee, because I’m getting tired of carrying your ass back to bed when you pass out,” Aidan said sarcastically, helping Beck stand up in front of the toilet.
“But every time I pass out, I wake up with Mae in my bed.  So, thanks for being a sport,” Beck replied good naturedly.
“Yah…about that, it appears that Mae has bonded with you.  Is there something I should know?” Aidan insinuated.
“What in the world are you talking about Aidan?” Beck asked, somewhat confused at Aidan’s insinuation.
“You and Mae have a vampire bond,” replied Aidan.
“Well surely you don’t think I drank from her?  She is so powerful a witch it would have killed me in seconds,” Beck answered defensively.
“All I know is when you were in pain, so was she.  That’s why she is in your bed right now.  We thought if we separated you two it would make matters worse.”
“Does Mae know?” Beck inquired.
“No, you should be the one to tell her.  And what the bloody hell happened last night?” Aidan added.
“I am driving myself crazy Aidan.  Helen is hidden from me and I am falling in love with Mae.  How am I supposed to decide who lives and who does not?  I just wanted to numb the torment.  So, I went for a walk looking for someone to drink from.  Unfortunately, my willing victim had a little bit too much Nauss blood in her,” Beck explained.
Aidan was a bit surprised.  Beck was not one to make such a reckless mistake.  “Beck, I’m here for you no matter what you decide, I hope that after all these years you know you always have a sympathetic ear in me, although I will admit I become distracted easily.”
Beck laughed at his friend’s final remark before they headed back into the bedroom.

~~~***~~~

"How are you feeling Mae?" Gemma asked, concerned about her friend’s welfare.
"I'm feeling much better, thank you."  As long as Beck was near, she was fine.
"You guys slept through lunch.  If you’re hungry, I can have some food sent up," Meredith suggested.
"Food sounds good, I'm starving.  Keeping Beck warm has completely drained me of energy.”
Aidan returned Beck to bed and piled the pillows in back of him so he could sit up.
"I was just about to call room service, what would you like from the menu?" Mae asked Beck playfully, pretending his home was a luxury hotel.
"I hear the steak bites with hollandaise sauce here at Chateau Beckett are exquisite," Beck replied, playing along with Mae’s game.
“That sounds delicious,” she smiled.
"Steak bites it is,” Meredith repeated, getting up to tell the kitchen staff.
Gemma and Aidan stayed until they were finished eating, then went back to the game room down the hall, leaving Beck and Mae alone once more.
“I challenge you to a game of Starcraft,” Beck said, handing Mae her laptop.

~~~***~~~

Gemma could hear noise coming from the bedroom and felt she and Aidan needed to investigate. 
YOUR FORCES HAVE ENGAGED THE ENEMY could be heard down the hall as they walked closer.
YOUR FORCES ARE UNDER ATTACK   “No fucking way!  Stop cheating,” Mae yelled at Beck.
“I did not!  Now concede or face my wrath…”  Beck shouted back.
Gemma and Aidan stood at the door laughing at Beck and Mae, with both laptops in bed, completely engrossed in their game.  “We should film this Aidan…Nerds in their natural habitat,” Gemma laughed, as she and Aidan turned to leave.
They were walking down the hallway when Aidan confessed to her, “I have never seen him this happy.”
“Mae either,” said Gemma.

~~~***~~~

The game was over and Mae had lost horribly.  When she noticed a thumb drive sticking out of his USB port, she grabbed the thumb drive and quickly jumped off her side of the bed.  “Is this where you keep the cheat codes Mr. Cheaty McCheater?” she accused him, holding the thumb drive in the air as she stood on the side of the bed opposite him.
“Mae I need that, it is for work,” Beck said, climbing out of bed on his side and dashing around the bed to catch her.
She tried to crawl back across the bed to get away but was too slow.  Beck grabbed Mae by her ankle, flipping her onto her back, dragging her half way off the side of the bed.  She quickly wrapped her legs around his waist, so she wouldn’t fall off the edge of the bed as he leaned over her, pinning her arms above her head.
“Where is my stick, Mae?  I need it,” he demanded as he relaxed his grip.
“As far as I can feel…I would say in your pants,” she joked feeling Beck get hard against her through his clothes.
He started to go pale.  “I need to lie down,” he said half-winded, letting go of her wrist and crawling on to the bed beside her.
She pulled the thumb drive from her bra where she had safely secured it and placed it in his hand.  “You don’t look so well, should I get Aidan?” she asked.
“No.  That little run around the bed wore me out.  I just need to lie down for a minute,” Beck said, rolling over to his side so they could spoon with his arms wrapped around her.
“By the way, I like the way you look in my PJ’s.”  Beck thought of her running around the bed in his clothes; on her they were sexy.  He felt wanted, knowing she took them so that she could have a piece of him with her.
Mae nudged her elbow back into him playfully.  Again, she had been busted for taking his clothes.  “I’m not giving them back.”  No matter how things turned out between them, it would be the one thing to remind her of him.
For Beck, all of this was new.  He had forgotten what it was like to fall in love, having never lived in the moment regardless of consequences.  For now, that was his resolve, live in the moment with Mae until he had to make a choice.  He would no longer hold back emotionally or physically.
“One day Mae, I will steal something unexpectedly from you and I will not let you have it back,” Beck said.
“And what do I have that you could possibly want, Beck?  You have everything.”  She wondered if she could have anything he might want.
“Your heart,” he whispered softly.
Mae was eager to give him her body, but her heart was another story.  One could not help but lust after Beck.  His generosity and attentiveness made him undeniably attractive, along with his playfulness.  However, love was a term Mae had fallen out of touch with.
“If you can steal it, Beck…It’s yours,” she replied.  Beck did say he liked a challenge and she was definitely that.
“I don’t know about you, but I am tired of lying around.  If you don’t mind, I’m going to go see what everyone is up to.”  Mae got up and walked down the hall where she could hear laughter coming from what she assumed was the game room.  Gemma, Meredith, and Aidan were playing cards on one of several card tables.  There was a bar at one end with a buffet of food on it and a large screen TV on the other with sofas and recliners around it, a pool table dominated the middle of the room.  The game room was more like a sports bar, aside from being decorated in the same ornate style as the rest of the house was.
“What are you doing out of bed?” Meredith asked, acting like a mother hen.
“I couldn’t stand being in bed anymore.  I could really use some fresh air, but I don’t think I can make it down the stairs,” Mae confessed.
“Well that can be easily fixed.  Beck has a veranda outside his room and now would be a good time for him to get some air too, the sun is setting,” Aidan said pointing to the outside window.
“I think we could all use some fresh air, I’ll have the staff send up some food and drinks and we can continue this game outside.  In the mean-time, go back to bed with Beck, we will get you when everything is ready,” Meredith ordered.
Mae walked back to Beck’s room and found him still lying in the same position he was in when she left him earlier.  She sat in one of the chairs by the bed.  He looked so peaceful lying there, she did not want to disturb him.
“I know you are here Mae, I sense your presence.  Come lie beside me so I can feel your warmth,” Beck’s eyes remained closed as he softly spoke.  Mae’s departure left him cold and empty and he needed her.
“I can do better than that Beck.  I want you to feel my heat,” she said softly, crawling on top of him and straddled his waist.  She lay down on top of his bare chest, her lips close enough for him to feel her breath on his neck.  “Is this warm enough for you?” she tenderly whispered in his ear before touching it lightly with her tongue.
Beck opened his eyes.  “Mae, I do not have the energy to finish what you are starting!” he cried softly.
“Yeah…but I bet you’re warm now,” she purred.
“Yes, I am most certainly warm, thank you,” he said, turning his head to face her.  He put his arms around her waist and kissed her.  “Why must you tease me so?” he asked as if she were inflicting pain.
“I can get off you if you want me too,” Mae teased.
“No, please do not move, I like you this way,” he replied.
“I would love to stay, but there is a posse coming down the veranda with food and drinks.  I don’t want them to see us like this,” she explained.
Beck laughed, “You say the funniest things Mae.”  He imagined Aidan, Gemma, and Meredith dressed as cowboys coming to get them.
Mae rolled over and jumped off the bed.  Beck still was not able to walk completely on his own, so she helped him.  Before they got to the outside doors, he had her walk him to another set of double doors in the room.  He opened one door to reveal another grand room similar to his, only this one was very feminine.
“I would like for you to move into the lady of the house’s suite; that way we can be near and still give each other space.  Would you do that for me?” he asked.
“I don’t know Beck, you drive a tough bargain.  How’s the shower?” she inquired.
“If you do not like it, I will build you a new one, so say yes already,” he begged.
“Okay, but on one condition.  I can’t be held responsible for sneaking into your room at night due to its close proximity,” she teased.
He laughed then replied, “Very well, Mae, I will keep the door unlocked in case such an opportunity should arise.”
“I hope it will be more than just an opportunity that will arise,” she replied.
“Mae, why do you insist on kicking an injured man while he is down and I really do mean down.  You are killing me,” Beck laughed.
Beck and Mae sat in a chaise lounge together on the veranda.  Beck was lying across her lap, both clothed in his plaid bottoms and t-shirts.  Aidan, Gemma, and Meredith were playing cards, but Mae and Beck were just too tired to join in.
“Thank you for saving my life this morning,” Beck said, holding Mae’s hand which lay across his chest.
“Sorry I’ve been so brash, I’m sure the ladies who normally grace your manor are far more reserved.  I just can’t help myself when I’m around you and at some point my persistence will make you give in.  You know that, right?”  Mae was feeling a bit embarrassed about her behavior.  It was not something that would have been accepted in the high society associated with Beck’s wealth.
“There are no other ladies that grace this house and I thoroughly enjoy your brashness.  Please do not think you have to change to fit into my world, because from this point on it revolves around you,” Beck told her, obviously wanting Mae to be comfortable with him.  “I thought things might be moving too fast for you,” he added.
“They are…but I’m okay with that.  The part of me that usual screams caution is completely silent around you.  I’m not sure if that is good or bad, but I am willing to take the chance to find out.”  Mae wanted to be open with Beck.  It was a completely new concept for her since she was never one for confessions.
“Will you share my bed with me tonight?” Beck asked openly.
“Yes, but only because you may need me to keep you warm and I know you don’t have the energy to do much else besides sleep,” Mae replied.
“Always quick to point out the obvious?” Beck said playfully.
“Yes, yes I am.”



Chapter 6


Mae sat up and looked around Beck’s empty bedroom, disappointed that Beck was gone and no longer clinging to her for heat.  She hopped out of bed onto the cold marble floor and made her way to the bathroom to get ready for the day.  Mae was looking forward to today’s lesson, which would be about controlling nature and growing plants, something she had always loved to do, but was never good at.  Everything green appeared to die in her care, even the simplest of house-plants.  She got dressed and walked outside on the veranda where Meredith and Aidan could be heard arguing on the back patio.
“Aidan, you are so daft sometimes!” Meredith exclaimed, looking at the contents of the shopping bag.  “I asked for plant seeds and bulbs.  Is it that so confusing?” Meredith rolled her eyes.
“Well, I thought it would be a lot more fun to see green wool grow on the wee sheep instead,” Aidan said smiling at Meredith.
Mae cleared her voice and joined them at the large glass table with a number of pots filled with dirt sitting on it.  “Are we growing plants?” she asked, interrupting their argument.
“Yes, I thought we could start with the easy stuff like lettuce and flowers.  Aidan, on the other hand, got you a Chia Pet,” Meredith sarcastically added, holding up a box with a small ceramic sheep in it.
“Isn’t it cute?  At least I know how to make things fun, unlike someone else I know,” Aidan interjected, insinuating Meredith was too serious about things, smiling from ear to ear.
“Don’t you have something to do, Aidan?  I feel you will be more of a distraction than a help today,” Meredith said, eager to get rid of him.
“I know when I’m not welcome.  Anyway, Beck said he needed my help today with a project he has going on at work,” Aidan replied truthfully; although he would have preferred to spend his day tormenting Meredith.
“Is Beck not here?” Mae asked anxiously.
“He is in his computer prison right now.  I think he plans to work from here for the next couple of weeks.”  Aidan was not a fan of spending the day indoors and now that Meredith had ousted him from the day’s learning activities, it looked like he had no other choice.
Mae breathed a sigh of relief knowing Beck had not gone anywhere, but was in his favorite room working.  Meredith, having finally gotten rid of Aidan, was ready to start teaching her about growing plants and she lay several seed packs on the table next to pots of soil.
“Sometimes I don’t know what is going on in that good looking head of his.  I swear, if I sent him to get toilet paper he would come back with paper towels,” Meredith added, venting her frustration concerning Aidan’s ability to follow directions.
“I think it’s just a man thing and not something exclusive to Aidan,” Mae snorted, agreeing with Meredith’s assessment.
“Tonight, I would like to have fresh salad.  So we are going to start with the romaine seeds.”  Meredith handed Mae the pack of romaine seeds and prepared the soil for planting.
“What do you mean tonight?  It will take at least two weeks to even grow baby romaine,” Mae asked, confused.
“Not if you are a witch.  We are one with nature and can control it to a certain extent.  Now, take the seeds and plant them in the long pot according to the directions.  There are some gloves in the bag if you want to use them.  Me?  I prefer to put my hands in the dirt and feel the earth’s energy,” Meredith added, planting her own seeds.
“I don’t mind getting my hands dirty, but I still don’t understand how we are going to have salad tonight from these seeds,” Mae confessed, watering the newly planted seeds.
“Just watch me and I will explain.”  Meredith placed her hands over the seeds she just planted and soon sprouts began to appear.  “Concentrate on moving the energy from the dirt and water to the seeds.  Let the energy flow to the leaves once they have opened,” Meredith explicated.
Mae tried to repeat what Meredith showed her and nothing happened.  She concentrated on the seeds, water, and dirt.  Soon the water that flowed to the bottom of the pot after she watered the seeds began to bubble to the top, making a big, muddy mess.  Meredith curiously watched the muddy mess start to flow over the edge of the pot.
“What am I doing wrong?” Mae asked Meredith.
“I think you might be concentrating on the water and dirt too much.  Try to refocus on just the seeds,” suggested Meredith.
Mae tried concentrating on just the seeds and once again got mud.  “You make it look so easy,” she said watching Meredith’s sprouts grow leaves.
“It should be a lot easier than that spell you cast on Aidan.  Try and see if you can get mine to grow, maybe you are just having a problem getting it to sprout.”  Meredith moved over and swapped places with Mae.
She put her hands over the leaves Meredith had sprouted just moments ago and concentrated on the flow of energy to them, trying to be one with nature.  Just when she thought she could see some of them grow, mud bubbled from the bottom of Meredith’s pot.  “This is going to be a long day,” Mae thought to herself putting her hands on her hips and sighing with disappointment.
The morning proved to be one frustration after the next.  Mud seemed like the only thing in nature that would cooperate with Mae and Meredith was losing hope for her fresh salad that night.  Mae’s stomach started to rumble loudly as hunger from skipping breakfast finally caught up with her.  Not only that, but she was having a hard time concentrating.  Beck was on her mind.  His hard naked body sprawled on the bed was not a vision she would soon forget.  Meredith suggested breaking for lunch, so they made their way to the kitchen.  Gemma was at the table on the phone, apparently doing business.  She worked at one of her dad’s marketing firms and rarely took breaks, even for vacation.
“How’s the training going?” Gemma asked as soon as she hung up her phone.
“It’s not.  I’m having a hard time being one with nature except for mud.  I got that one down pat,” Mae said washing her hands.  “What are you up to this morning?”  She was curious to know if Gemma was working while on vacation as she had always done.
“I am needed at work and my dad has his panties in a wad.  What else is new?” she said sarcastically.
“What are your plans?” Mae asked fretfully, already assuming it would involve Gemma leaving soon.
“I plan to leave in five days to get things in order at home.  I am going to open a new branch in Killarney; it was one of the reasons I had Aidan take me there.  I always felt we needed a European office.  Aidan told me it could take years before you learned the basics and I refuse to leave you here alone,” Gemma replied confidently as if a move to Europe was nothing.
“You would do that for me?”  Mae asked as her eyes started to tear up.  Then, as if being hit by a bolt of lightning, her expression changed.  She turned to look at Meredith, “What does she mean by years?  I have a job, I can’t stay here!” Mae’s voice became shrill, as she panicked at the prospect of an extended stay.
“Your training is very important.  I assumed you knew that it could take longer than your vacation time here,” Meredith said, uncertain of how Mae would react to her reply.
“Things have been moving so fast, I never even thought about it.” Mae was beside herself, her emotional turmoil leaving her on the verge of crying.
“Well you need to think about it soon.  This morning I noticed that I could sense you and it won’t be long before the rest of the Council does too.  It must have been a spell that was keeping you hidden.”  Meredith was blunt in her assessment because she knew the Council wouldn’t wait long to hone in on their prey.
“I don’t think Beck would appreciate me being parked at his house and jobless for the next couple of years,” Mae said, thinking about the situation.  “He has been very generous to this point and I don’t want to impose on him.”
“I disagree, I think he would be in heaven if you stayed,” Meredith grinned.
“Well, I still plan on opening an office here.  You can always work for me and get your own apartment,” Gemma rationalized.
“I need to talk to Beck before I make any decisions.”  Mae sat on one of the kitchen chairs and started to play with her hair nervously.
“I think you should have some lunch first.  Your stomach is talking so loud I can’t hear myself think.”  Gemma was concerned that her friend was pushing herself to hard and skipping meals.
“I guess I can wait until after lunch to talk to him,” Mae agreed.  She was famished and needed some time to think straight before addressing this issue with Beck.
After lunch, Mae made her way to Beck’s computer room.  He was sitting at a desk working on his laptop, so she knocked on the side of the door frame to get his attention.
“Sorry to disturb you.  I can leave if you’re busy,” she nervously said as if she were intruding on something important.
“I am not that busy; come in please.  I am glad to see you.  How is your training going?”  He asked, motioning her to sit in the chair across the desk from him.
“Terrible!  However, that’s not why I am here.  Did you know that it could take years to train me?” she blurted out sinking into the chair behind her.
“Yes, I was fully aware that it would take time to train you.  What is the problem?”  Beck did not know where Mae was going with this conversation.
“You would open your home for a couple of years to a soon to be jobless woman you just met?” Mae asked, questioning the rationale of his answer.
“No.  But, I would open my home to you for an eternity, if you would stay,” Beck said softly, leaning across the desk and clutching her hand that was resting at the edge.  “And if being jobless bothers you so much, you can work for me.  I can always use another IT person,” Beck offered in consolation.
“Gemma offered me a job too.  Did you know she plans on opening a marketing firm in Killarney?” she informed Beck.
“No, I did not.  However, that is a wonderful idea.  I know how much you two need each other,” Beck said, thinking to himself, “Having Gemma near would certainly keep Mae near too.”
 She let go of his hand and sank further into the chair frowning.  “I guess I have a phone call to make and a job to quit,” she sighed, like it was the end of the world.
Beck got up from his seat and walked around the desk to where she sat.  He gave her his hand and said, “It looks like your nerves are utterly frayed.  You need to relax and I need a break too, so I propose a hot bath in the Jacuzzi tub and a therapeutic massage.  I can have the best massage therapists in County Kerry here in an hour.”
“You don’t have to be so generous, Beck...Although it does sound very tempting.  I really could use a massage and would gladly have gone to a spa on my own to get one…That is, if I knew where to find a spa around here,” she laughed, her heart pounding in her chest as he gently stroked her hand.
“I am not as generous as you think.  The massage therapists are on my payroll and I was going to get a massage today anyway.  I am feeling a little stiff from yesterday,” He explained rubbing his neck.
“Very well you talked me into it,” she said, before thinking, “He sure does know how to win an argument.  At least he does when it benefits me.”
“How stiff are you feeling, Beck?” she asked, suggesting something other than stiff neck muscles.
“You are relentless!  Is your mind always in the gutter?” he laughed.
“Only when it comes to you,” she replied playfully with a sheepish grin.
Beck clasped her hand and led her up the stairs to the room next to his.
“Have your things been moved in yet?” he asked eagerly as they walked into the room.
“I don’t know?  I haven’t checked,” she replied unaware as to whether they had been moved.
“This room has the best bathroom in the house,” Beck informed her, opening the door to the bathroom.
Mae stood there in absolute awe; it was magnificent.  This was not just a luxurious bathroom like the others in the house.  It was a modern Roman bathhouse covered in marble and mosaic tiles.  Beautiful statues of gods and goddesses graced every empty corner and large columned pillars ran from floor to ceiling.
“I don’t like it,” she said sternly, looking around the room and shrugging her shoulders.
Beck stood there somewhat stunned by Mae’s words.  He personally commissioned the renovations of the room just recently as a surprise for Helen.  “I will have contractors here tomorrow at your beck and call,” he replied, saddened by her disapproval.
She gave him a mischievous grin.  “I’m just kidding,” she laughed.  “It’s the most beautiful bathroom I have ever seen,” wrapping her arms around him in approval.
“I will run the water for you.  There are a couple of robes in the closet over there if you would like to change,” he replied, pointing to a door next to the shower entrance.
“It’s a bit chilly in here,” she said after entering the large changing room Beck referred to as a closet.  Within minutes, the heat rising from the floor tiles began to warm the bottoms of Mae’s feet. She curled her toes, then stretched them back out, as the warm floor thawed the chilliness from her bones.
 She walked over and sat next to Beck on the stairs to the tub.  He was filling what appeared to be a small hot tub that could fit about four people in it comfortably.  The scent of lavender wafted from the steam of the water, beckoning her to join it in relaxing warmth.
Beck turned off the water and motioned for her to enter.  “I added some lavender oil to help you relax,” he said, turning as if to leave.
“Won’t you stay and keep me company?”
“If it pleases you,” he replied with his back turned to her.
“It would please me very much,” she said, entering the tub before he could turn around.  “This feels wonderful, you should join me.”  Something inside of her yearned for his touch, an incessant desire to have his hard naked body against her like it had been the previous night.
“I thought you would never ask,” he grinned, removing his clothes and crawling in the tub behind her.
She leaned against his chest as his body relaxed.  Blissfulness washed over them as his hands lay alongside her arms while she rested her arms on each of his legs beside her.  He kissed the back of Mae’s neck lightly, causing her heart to quicken.  She just lay back enjoying what little passion he would give her.  Controlling herself not to return his touch or kiss, she felt afraid he would stop her as he had all the times before.  This time, he would have to play the aggressor in the game.
Beck wanted more than just a rest in the hot water.  His desire for Mae was overwhelming and he was willing to give in to any of her sexual whims, unlike before.  However, the sexual fire that normally lay within her was missing.  It was almost as if the brash, lusting creature of the last few days had disappeared.  He just sat there holding her naked body against his, feeling her pulse race across her neck.  Had she not been a witch, he would have drunk from her out of the pure desire he felt for her at that moment.
Several minutes later a tap on the door startled them, it was one of the servants.  “Sir, Rose and Gia are here for your massage.”
“Please tell them to set up in the lady’s suite and we shall join them shortly,” Beck shouted back.
“Very well, sir.”
Beck climbed out first then helped Mae, wrapping her in the robe.  He grabbed a towel and wrapped it around himself.  Before they got to the door, he embraced her by the waist, picked her up and seated her on the counter.  He pulled her closer as she wrapped her legs around him and melted into his kiss.  She flexed her legs tighter around him, wanting to feel him hard against her own body.  He moved his hand down the front of her robe, his fingers brushing across her breasts, making her moan with pleasure.  But, just as before, he came to an abrupt stop, breathing heavily on Mae’s neck.
“You were so still in the bath.  I felt you lost all desire for me and I have to know if you want me as I want you,” Beck whispered out of breath in her ear.
“I was trying to avoid what just happened.  You have the most inept way of giving pleasure I have ever seen or more to the point felt.  Is it so hard to just give in to what you feel?  Because I really can’t take much more of your teasing, Beck!” she warned him, completely frustrated once again.  
“You are right Mae.  We have unfinished business to take care of, but not like this.  You deserve more than just a quick tryst in the bathroom,” he replied, setting her back down on the floor.
“I deserve to be sated and the end justifies the means at this point.  I just can’t get one vision out of my head.  My dream from the night before last, I was wrapped around you and you drank from me.  All I could feel is immense pleasure unlike any I have felt before; you and I screaming in ecstasy over and over again, until I doubled over in pain when it was done.  It haunts me, Beck like a ghost reminding me of our unfinished business,” she sighed, letting all her emotions go.
Beck appeared horrified by what she said.  She had bonded with him before his little mistake and was reliving it in her head like an erotic fantasy she kept revisiting.  How could he tell her that it was no dream she had?  That it was some other woman he had drunk from?  His stomach started to turn at the thought of it.  He had to find out more about bonding and knew only one person who could provide those answers.
Mae was concerned with Beck’s silence.  “I hope I didn’t offend you.”
“You could never offend me, Mae,” he smiled, hugging her and opening the door to the bedroom where the massage therapists had set up.
 “Beck, you were not lying about having the best massage therapists in County Kerry on your payroll.  I am so relaxed right now, I feel like a noodle.”  Mae looked away from Beck during his massage, jealousy welling up inside of her the moment the therapist put her hands on him.
“How was your massage?”  Beck asked her as he dressed.
“Fantastic!  I’m glad you suggested it.  Where are you headed so quickly?” she asked, looking up from the table she was still lying on, face down.
“I have some work to do and a teleconference this afternoon.  That is if I can get someone over here to get everything working properly…” his voice trailed off, buttoning the last button on his shirt.
“I can help you with that.  It’s just happens to be right up my Cisco Certified alley,” Mae replied, jumping at the opportunity to make herself useful.
“Do you not have lessons with Meredith this afternoon?”
“Yes.  But I’m looking for any reason to get out of it and you are as good an excuse as any.”  Mae was not looking forward to making more mud.
“Okay then.  I will see you in the computer room in a few.”  Beck kissed her on the forehead before he left the room and headed back to his office.
Beck was at his desk on his laptop when she arrived.  He got up from his seat and walked over to a small door a few feet away from his desk.  “Everything is over here in the closet.”
The closet was full of routers and switches.  Beck showed her where the telecom equipment was set up.  She looked everything over carefully, just in case the problem was something easy like a disconnected wire, before plugging her laptop into the switch.
“I need the number for your IT person.  I will need the password to get on to the switch and router.  I suspect he has shut down your unused ports for security reasons.  When you plugged everything in to the switch did he tell you which ports to use?”  Mae needed more information before she could move on.  Beck was just staring at her with a strange expression.
“I do not recall if he did, but all that geek speak just made me completely randy,” Beck said, straining to contain the overwhelming urge to throw her on one of the beanbag chairs and screw the hell out of her.
“Don’t change the subject,” she scolded, tapping her foot with her hands on her hip.  “I need his number if you plan on doing this teleconference today,” she said in a business-like tone.   “If I knew that’s all it took to get him excited, I would have read him a bedtime story right out of the Cisco manual a long time ago,” she thought.
“I will get that number for you,” he said, checking his phone for the number.
It only took Mae five minutes to get Beck’s IT person to do a ‘no shutdown’ remotely on the needed ports.  The IT tech was glad he would no longer have to make the trip out there to fix it himself.  In a short time, everything was up and running as planned.
“Everything is working now.  I need to get back to Meredith.  She is most likely looking for me,” Mae sighed, reluctantly.
“Thank you for fixing everything.  I will see you at dinner this evening,” Beck said, kissing her before she left.

~~~***~~~

Beck sat in front of a large screen waiting to chat with Nikola about the very subject that caused their falling out.  He would swallow his pride to get the answers he needed concerning his bond with Mae. He and Nikola had been close friends once, a couple of mad geniuses on the cusp of discovering what made witches powerful…Electricity.  Their experiments went as far back as ancient Egypt and ceramic batteries, but it was not until the nineteenth century that Nikola made advances far beyond what the rest of them could imagine.
“Hello, my old friend, it has been too long.  To what do I owe this pleasure?”  Nikola asked, curious about Beckett’s cryptic message - Need your help.  What do you know about witches and bonding?  Teleconference at 5pm…Beckett.
“I am in a quandary, Nikola and you are the most knowledgeable person I know in this area.  Helen is back, but in a witches body and unable to surface.  In the meantime, I have bonded with her host despite the fact that it is impossible for me to share blood with her.  How is that even possible?”  Beck questioned, knowing Nikola was sure to it throw back in his face as one big, long I told you so.
“I see your dilemma.  I have never heard of a vampire bonding with a witch, although I have seen a bond form between our own kind without the exchange of blood.  It is very rare amongst us because it involves both parties falling in love with each other,” Nikola explained as though he were poking fun at Beckett and his love of Helen over the ages.  Vampires are too logical for love, they tend to form partnerships for mutual benefits and never fall for all that emotional psycho-dependency dribble associated with love.
“Are you saying I have fallen in love with a witch?” Beck questioned, knowing the answer already…He loved Mae and with this revelation now knew she loved him too.  “But what of Helen?” he thought.
“It appears there is something odd about this situation.  Have you looked at her DNA?”  Nikola was becoming very interested in Beckett’s curious dilemma.
“No, we are still waiting to find out the results.  I know you have turned many.  Is there a way to turn someone and not become bonded to them?”  Beck knew that Mae was destined to live a long life, a very long life.  At some point, she would see Gemma succumb to the ravages of time and age and ask for his help, just as Helen had for her brother.
“Yes, I learned a long time ago that bonding was more of a hindrance than anything else.  When you drink of each other, you will have to do it without bewitchment or any other erotic behavior that may compel you.  Detach yourself from the situation fully.”  Nikola was glad that Beckett was asking about bonding.  It was the one thing besides his love for Helen that kept him dissociated from others of his kind.
“Thank you for your help Nikola.  I will let you know about the DNA results when I get them.”
“It has been a pleasure and I look forward to chatting with you again soon.”  Nikola was certainly very curious about Beckett’s little witch.  With that said, they ended their conversation.

~~~***~~~

“Alright Mae, I guess we will try this Aidan’s way since you and dirt don’t play well together.  Maybe by removing the dirt from the equation you might succeed in growing something today,” Meredith sighed, looking back at Aidan with annoyance as she soaked the ceramic sheep in water, preparing it for seeds.
Despite having bathed earlier, Mae was now covered in mud from her attempts to grow the plants Meredith started.  Meredith was getting frustrated as well with Mae’s inabilities.  Mae couldn’t wrap her head around all of Meredith’s explanations on the flow of nature and becoming one with it.  To Mae, it sounded more like a pile of environmentalist psychobabble than a logical explanation of botany.
Meredith placed the wet ceramic sheep on the table and they added seeds to it.  Mae placed her hands over the sheep and concentrated on energy flowing to the seeds.  Five minutes later, one of the countless seeds sprouted.  She was so excited to finally have something grow, she concentrated even harder and that’s when it all went wrong.  Seeds and water exploded all over her from the ceramic sheep, leaving her awash in mud, water, and seeds.
“I give up!” she exclaimed throwing her hands in the air as Aidan burst out laughing.
“It’s not that bad Mae, these things take time to master,” Aidan commented, hoping to make her feel better, getting up from the lounger he had been sprawled on moments before. 
Aidan walked up behind Mae and put his arms around her in a bear hug.  Mae could feel his touch on her skin, making her tingle with excitement and leaving her confused.
“Aidan!  Cut it out!” Meredith yelled at him.
When Mae looked down at herself, she could understand why Meredith was yelling.  Aidan had sprouted all the seeds that had just landed on her in the moments before.  “Not funny Aidan, not funny at all!” Mae exclaimed as he left quickly and went inside.
“The seeds were not the only reason why I was yelling at him, Mae.  I keep forgetting that you are new to all of this and might not understand some of our peculiarities.  We witches have a natural attraction to each other, especially those of the opposite sex.  Aidan is not blocking himself from you like he should be and now your confusion is written all over your face,” Meredith explained.
Relief washed over her as Mae began to understand what Meredith was trying to tell her.  “So, I don’t have feelings for him?”
“Do you feel that way when he is not touching you?” She asked before answering.
“No, I don’t,” Mae shot back, irritated by what had just happened.
“Then you have nothing to worry about.  But I think we need to put a stop to his shenanigans; it’s not right for him to mess with your emotions that way,” Meredith suggested.
“I totally agree with you.”  Mae did not like being toyed with, especially when it involved her emotions.  Aidan was going to have to pay for his little prank.
Mae entered the kitchen through the back door still covered in mud and green sprouts thanks to Aidan.  Beck was at the counter fixing a cup of tea and started laughing the moment he saw her.
“I am sorry.  I did not mean to laugh.  What happened to you?”  Beck inquired.
“Nature with a touch of Aidan is what happened to me,” she retorted, walking up to where Beck was standing.
Beck laughed even harder when she mentioned Aidan.  Mae threw her arms around him, sharing her muddy mess.  “Still think it’s funny?” she asked, now that he was also full of mud and sprouts.
He returned her hug and kissed her on the nose.  “Yes, I still think it is funny and now that you have included me in your mess, I look forward to following you into the shower,” he smiled.
Mae was glad to know that her feelings for Aidan were just a side effect of being a witch.  She now knew without a doubt that she would lose her heart to Beck.  She was just not ready to let him know that, at least not yet.  For now, she would allow him to share the shower with her and a few stolen kisses before dinner.

~~~***~~~

“Aidan, why must you make a joke of everything?  You knew Mae had spent the whole day frustrated with all this nature nonsense and you just had to rub salt in the wound,” Gemma fussed as she and Aidan entered her bedroom.
“I’m sorry.  I just thought it would be funny,” Aidan replied to Gemma’s accusations.
“Don’t waste your apologies on me!  It’s Mae you need to apologize to and just to let you know, I talked to Meredith and heard about your little attraction trick.  I am so not amused!”  Gemma’s anger infiltrated her voice as she began to gather his clothes.  “Not only were you flirting with another woman, that woman just happens to be my best friend, Aidan.”
“Don’t be mad, Gemma.  I didn’t mean anything by it,” Aidan explained as if it were nothing.  He knew he had pushed Gemma to her limit.  “Oh well it was good while it lasted,” he thought to himself.
“I think you need to find another room to sleep in tonight.  I’m too pissed to deal with you right now.”  Gemma threw his clothes at him and pointed to the door.  She was well aware of Aidan’s philandering ways and was unwilling to accept them.  She planned to end her fling with him for good as soon as she left for home.



Chapter 7


The stress around there for the past few days had been unbearable.  Mae was still struggling with plants and could only produce mud, lots of it.  Meredith was about to snap.  She was at her wit’s end trying to help Mae understand.  Aidan and Gemma were constantly bickering and Beck spent much of his time working, which left him exhausted both mentally and physically.
The morning did not start any better.  Aidan put salt in the sugar dish, causing both Beck and Meredith to spit their morning tea back into their cups after the first sip; and Mae was in an all-around bad mood.  Having been an over-achiever all her life, she was frustrated by her utter failure at growing plants.  To make matters worse, Beck had pretty much abandoned her the past couple of days and she craved his attention.  They were all gathered around the kitchen table finishing breakfast, when Meredith said in an exasperated tone, “I simply do not know why you cannot understand the basics of plant growth.”
“I just don’t get it, Meredith.  All this talk of energy flowing and allowing the spirit of the plant to enter me doesn’t compute.  It’s not your fault my mind can’t process what you’re telling me.  Can’t we just move on?” Mae pleaded, not wanting to spend another minute on nature.
“I wish it were that simple as just moving on, but it is imperative you learn this first,” Meredith sighed, not looking forward to another day of total frustration.
“What seems to be the problem?” Beck asked, dumping the salt into the garbage and refilling the sugar dish with sugar.
“No matter how many times Aidan and I explain how to do it Mae can’t grasp the concept and put it to use,” Meredith explained, rising to put her empty plate in the sink.
“All they tell me is a lot of nature mumbo jumbo that I just don’t get,” Mae offered in her defense, as she leaned back in her chair.
“I think I know the problem.  The witches keep treating you like a witch and not the creature of logic that you are, Mae,” Beck explained as if he suddenly solved the mystery.
Meredith looked puzzled, “I don’t understand.”
“Let me work with her this morning.  I think I know how to get her to understand,” Beck looked forward to spending some time with Mae.  He had spent most of the week buried in his computer room/office and needed a break.
“I hope you’re right Beck.  I don’t think I can take much more of this nature crap,” Mae retorted as she finished the last of the eggs on her plate.
Beck followed Mae on to the patio, his arms laden with books about plants.  They walked to the table where the pots still sat, right where she and Meredith left them the previous day.  Beck dropped the books on the table and started to thumb through them.
“I think you just need a more scientific explanation for you to process the information and use it,” Beck said, handing her one of the books he scanned.
Mae started reading about seed germination and how the three main parts of a seed work. Beck sat in a chair next to her reading something similar.  She was happy to have him here helping her.  “I’ve missed you the last couple of days,” she smiled, looking up at him from the book that was sitting in front of her.
 “I missed you, too.  That is why I plan on spending the whole day with you today,” it was not his intention to neglect her these past few days, but he had been working so hard, it had become inevitable.
“I would like that.  Now let’s see if your theory works,” she said, ready to try again on whatever Meredith left in the pot.
She focused on the seeds, visualizing the water and oxygen permeating the seed coat causing the endosperm to swell up and the embryo to grow.  She could feel the radical emerging from the seed coat growing downwards to form the roots and the hypocotyls and cotyledons reaching up to form the stem and leaves.  The pot was now full of tiny sprouts waiting to absorb morning’s first light.
Mae looked at Beck in amazement, “Look!  I did it!” she exclaimed.  “I finally figured out how to grow plants.”
“Keep going.  I want to know what you have in the pot.”  Beck was curious about what they planted during the past few days.
Mae concentrated once more, this time on the structure of the stem and leaves, transferring light to the photosensitive cells of the leaves and bringing water up the stem.  Soon flowers started to emerge from the newly formed buds and the pot was full of purple violas.  She was so happy, a single tear rolled down her cheek as her week’s long frustration melted into joy.  Beck hugged Mae in congratulations at her success.
“I knew you could do it, if given the right information.  Now, you just need to think bigger,” he added, producing an acorn from his pocket.
“You want me to grow a tree?”  Mae was nervous to try anything bigger than the tiny flowers she had just produced.
“Yes, not just any tree but an oak,” he grinned as he planted the acorn in an empty pot.
Mae used the same logic to grow the acorn as she did to grow the flower seeds.  When the tree had grown about two feet, Beck went to the edge of the patio and dug a hole in the yard to plant the new sapling.  Mae continued to make it grow, concentrating all the energy around her into its roots and leaves.  Soon a massive oak stood in front of them and Beck called Aidan, Meredith, and Gemma onto the patio to show them Mae’s handy work.
“Three days of struggling to get her to sprout even a single seed on a Chia Pet, and you get her to grow an entire oak in under an hour…I hate you, Beck!” Meredith exclaimed playfully, excited that Mae had finally accomplished her lesson on plants.
“Mae, how did you manage to grow a tree that size by yourself?  It would have taken three master witches a minimum of half a day to pull that off,” Aidan asked, staring in amazement at the massive tree that now shaded the patio.
“PFM,” she replied, shrugging her shoulders.
“What is PFM?” Aidan raised his eyebrow at her strange reply.
“Pure Fucking Magic,” she laughed.
Beck was still laughing at her remark when he chimed in, “Now that we have gotten this lesson out of the way, Mae and I intend on spending the rest of the day having fun.”  He clasped her hand and whisked her off to the computer room.
“So, what did you have in mind?” she asked, plopping down on one of the beanbag chairs.
“Diablo 3,” Beck smiled, turning on the two large monitors across from the beanbag chairs and handing Mae a wireless keyboard.
“I like the way you think.  I have been waiting to play that game all week,” she beamed as the game started.
They played for the rest of the morning until it was time for lunch.  Just as they were about to quit, Beck decided to make his Wizard go hostile on Mae’s Barbarian.
“So, that’s how you want to play…Bring it on!” she said, accepting his challenge.
It was a very short battle.  Mae allowed his Wizard to throw a couple of fireballs before she made her move and in one fell swoop, her Barbarian had taken out his Wizard.  The prize was his Wizard’s ear, which she quickly added to her stash.
“I just got my ass handed to me by a girl!  How shall my injured ego ever recover?”  Beck dramatized for added effect.
“I know something that will make you feel better.”  She got up from her beanbag chair and climbed onto his lap as he sat in his beanbag chair.  She put her arms around his neck and gave him a long passionate kiss.
“That does make me feel better,” Beck smiled pulling her closer and returning her kiss.
Mae’s stomach started to rumble loudly as Beck pulled away from their kiss.
“We need to get some lunch.  But, I would love to pick up where we left off afterwards,” he whispered in her ear.

~~~***~~~

Meredith was sitting in the kitchen reading while she snacked on a plate of fruit.  Mae sat next to her as Beck walked to the secondary kitchen where the staff prepared food.  He came back with two plates of food in his hands and a bottle of wine.
“Where are Gemma and Aidan?” Mae asked Meredith.
“They went to the Lough.  Aidan wanted to go canoeing today,” Meredith calmly stated.
‘When do we start lessons again?”  Not that Mae was in any hurry to start again after the week of frustration.
“Maybe tomorrow afternoon, I need to rethink the way I’m teaching you.  Beck, I might need some help now that I know Mae’s particular method for learning.”
“I would be more than happy to help,” he replied.
“I meant another witch, one who has a better grasp on technology,” Meredith smiled, not wanting Beck’s offer to appear unappreciated.
Beck curiously asked, “Anyone I know?”
“Yes, I’m sure you remember Alexis.”
“Remember her!  How could anyone forget her is more the point!  You know Aidan is going to be pissed when he finds out.  She is the only person I know of who can bring him to tears,” Beck laughed.
“Yeah, she has that effect on lots of people,” Meredith reminded herself.
Mae just sat back and listened to Meredith and Becks conversation.  The thought of adding another teacher to her current group of baffled instructors didn’t sit well with her.
“Can we wait to see if I am able to catch on now that I know what the problem is?”  Mae didn’t want another teacher and this Alexis person didn’t sound like the type of person she would want to know.
“Yes, we can wait.  It’s just an idea we can fall back on if we need to,” Meredith answered.
It was not long before they heard voices yelling across the back lawn approaching the patio.  Gemma and Aidan were soaking wet and fighting again.  Their conversation could be heard all the way to the kitchen.
“Aidan, you are such an ASS!” Gemma yelled, stepping on to the patio, soaking wet.
“What did I do?” he yelled back, taking off his shirt and wringing it out.
“Your wandering eyes are the only reason we are wet.  Did you really have to stand up in the boat and say hi to the girls on jet skis?” Gemma retorted, taking off her shoes and dumping the water out.
“I was just being friendly,” he explained, removing his own shoes.
“You were flirting, Aidan and I have had enough of it.  We are through,” Gemma yelled angrily entering the kitchen with Aidan following her.
“You don’t mean that?  Do you?” he asked, realizing the situation had gotten out of control.
“Yes, I do.  Now leave me alone!” she yelled, heading to her room and leaving Aidan in the kitchen.
Mae followed Gemma to her room.  “Do you want to talk?” she asked.
“There really is not much to talk about.  I planned on ending it when I left to go home anyway,” she calmly replied, stepping into the bathroom.
“You didn’t tell me that,” Mae replied, hurt that Gemma had not confided in her sooner.
“You have been so busy lately, I feel like I’m being replaced with a new set of friends and I don’t belong, because I’m only human,” Gemma confessed, stripping off her wet clothes.
“I could never replace you Gemma.  I need you more than ever and I want you to be a part of this too.”  Mae was sad that Gemma was feeling left out.  She had been so wrapped up in her own problems; she was ignoring her best friend.
Gemma put on dry clothes and hugged her.  It was Gemma’s way of letting Mae know she would be there for her no matter what.  Mae needed to find a way to include Gemma in her training.  They spent the next hour chatting, attempting to catch up with everything that had been going on the past week.
“What is the deal with you and Beck?” Gemma asked, raising her eyebrow in curiosity.
“I have never been this attracted to a man before in my life.  But, every time things start to heat up between us, he stops dead in his tracks.  Other than that, I love him,” Mae said quickly hoping Gemma might miss the last part as they sat on the bed next to each other.
“I can’t imagine any women not being attracted to him.  He is even more handsome than Aidan and I would go after him myself if he didn’t already have feelings for you.  In fact I think he’s in love too.  Whenever I see you two together I’m almost jealous,” Gemma added, nudging Mae’s shoulder with hers.
“Do you really think he likes me?  If so, I’m going to end the little sexual cat and mouse game he’s been playing today!”
“You go girlfriend!  If it were me, I would have been tapping that a long time ago,” Gemma laughed.
“Can I borrow your black corset dress and will you fix my hair for me?” Mae asked knowing Gemma would jump at the chance.
“Yes, I would love to!  Now all we need is a plan,” a sinister smile crept across Gemma’s face as the cogs in her mind started plotting Beck’s demise.

~~~***~~~

Gemma had one of the servants bring Beck a formal invitation for dinner that night.  Meredith planned the meal for them with the kitchen staff and Aidan made sure Beck stuck to the plan.  This would be a romantic dinner for two and everyone would give them the space they needed to ensure Mae’s success.  Beck would not turn her down again…at least not tonight.
Gemma fixed Mae’s hair, this time leaving it down in long, soft curls.  Her dress fit better than last time, most likely from losing a couple of pounds due to stress.  She borrowed Gemma’s four inch-heels again since they were sexier than anything she had.  Instead of a Goth hooker, this time Mae looked like a very sexy woman.  Unlike the mousey girl Beck first met, he would see the confident woman that faced her in the mirror as she sprayed herself with the perfume Beck bought her in Waterford.
Mae made her way to the dining room where Beck was already waiting for her arrival.  He was dressed in a black suit with a white shirt; to Mae, he never looked as handsome as he did at this moment.
"You look beautiful," he said, drawing her hand to his lips and kissing it.
"I'm glad you like.  You’re looking quite handsome yourself," she replied as he pulled her chair out for her.
The table had been decorated with flowers, crystal candleholders, and lots of glassware.  Beck took the seat across from her and started to examine all the trinkets on the table.  “It looks like our friends thought of everything.”
Mae leaned across the table to be closer as she spoke, “I confess most of this was my idea.  We have some unfinished business to take care of and I enlisted the help of our friends."
"Well I am glad you did.  I have not been able to get my mind off you.  More than once I have wanted nothing more than to make love to you."
"And when was that?" she inquired.  “Because, as far as I see it you’ve spent a lot of our time together pushing me away.”
"Let me see…in the car right after we left Waterford, in the tub, then on the counter and when you fixed my telecom equipment; all that tech talk of yours made me want to just throw you down on the beanbag chair and fuck the hell out of you.  And today before lunch, you were on my lap and I would have ripped your clothes off if your growling stomach had not stopped me,” he laughed.
"Well I wish you would have.  Truly Beck I appreciate a good fuck as well as the next person," she cajoled.
"And tonight I plan to take care of that.  No more games Mae, I promise."
The food arrived all at once, appetizers, main course, dessert, and bottles of wine left on the table.  It was the staff’s way of saying that they would be left undisturbed for the rest of the evening.  Just as they were starting dessert, Beck walked around the table to pour Mae another glass of wine.  He inhaled the scent of her perfume, the one that started the whole cat and mouse game.  Placing the bottle down on the table, he began to kiss the back of her neck.
Suddenly, he pushed everything on the table to the side, knocking over bottles, glasses and vases.  None of it mattered as he picked Mae up and placed her on the table.  His mouth covered hers, as they kissed with urgency.  Soon he moved down to her neck, then the tops of her breast, which were already pushed up to the edge of the dress top and barely covered her nipples to begin with.  Mae could feel his hands hiking the skirt of the dress up to her waist as he moved her to the edge of the table.
He kissed the inside of her thigh leaving a trail to her already wet panties.   Moving them aside, Mae moaned in anticipation of what would come next.  His tongue rolled across her private parts as her pleasure continued to build.  She could feel his fangs pressing against the most sensitive part of her core in erotic ecstasy and she raised her hips to meet him, screaming his name.  Then he stopped dead in his tracks.
“What the fuck, Beck?  I know you just didn’t stop!” she yelled, wrapping her legs around his waist in an effort to keep him from backing away.
Putting his finger over her lips to shush her from an impending rant, he threw Mae over his shoulder and he carried her out of the dining room, up the stairs, and into his room.  He put her down at the foot of the bed.  Mae started to undo the buttons on his shirt but it was taking too long, so she just tore his shirt open to remove it.  Beck was fumbling with the laces of the dress trying to undo them.  All of a sudden, he just ripped the back apart, allowing the dress to fall to the floor.  Mae stood there in front of him, still in the four-inch heels, black lace panties, and the push-up bra from hell.  He was completely naked and her heart skipped a beat at his perfection.  Beck removed her bra as they kissed, his hand kneading her bare breast as she dropped her panties to the floor.  The heels would stay; Mae felt they commanded a certain respect now that she had decided to take charge.
She gently pushed him back as they continued to kiss with an uncontrollable fury, until he reached the edge of the bed.  Her last push was not so gentle, but she wanted him to know she was in control now as he fell back on the bed and she crawled on top of him.  He was hard under her, but she was not quite ready to get down to business.  She just rubbed herself against his stiffness, but would not allow him entry.  She leaned over and nibbled on his neck, fighting the urge to bite him then moving her tongue up to his ear where she tugged at it with her teeth.
“How are you going to stop me now?” she whispered, as he put his hands on her hips trying to control the situation.
He tried to roll her over so he could gain entry, but to his amazement she was as strong as he was.  “We’ll do this, but on my terms, not his,” she thought to herself as she calculated her next move.
Mae grabbed his nipples and squeezed as she commanded, “I want you to beg me, Beck.  What makes you think you are worthy of my attention?” she asked, pinching his nipple harder to emphasize the sharpness of her words, while still rubbing against him.
“Good lord woman!  I am about to explode already, PLEASE….” he pleaded.
She kissed him hard, biting his bottom lip as she eased herself just high enough to allow him entry.
They continued until they were both sated and Mae finally allowed him to roll her over onto her back.  He moved her hair out of her face and gently kissed her.
“That was the best sex I have ever had!” he said, his fangs showing as he caught his breath.
“Why are your fangs out?” she asked, knowing he could not feed from her.
“I am fighting the uncontrollable urge to drink from you,” he answered, getting hard once more.
 Mae wrapped her legs around him and whispered.  “It’s your turn.”

~~~***~~~

The sun was coming up as they finally fell slept in each other’s arms, exhausted from trying to make up for all the previous lost opportunities.  A few hours later, they could hear whispers at the door as they started to stir.
“Knock on the door already, Aidan,” Gemma said softly.
“What if they’re busy, if you know what I mean?” Aidan whispered back.
“I know exactly what you mean.  Nevertheless, by the state of the dining room table this morning I would say they are probably starving,” Gemma laughed quietly.
“No kidding!  I have never seen anything like that and frankly, I didn’t think those two had it in them.”
Mae slipped on one of Beck’s shirts and crawled back in bed next to him as he yelled, “Alright you two, come in already!”
Gemma and Aidan entered with trays in their hands.
“We brought lunch,” Gemma said, walking over to Mae’s side of the bed and handed her the tray.
“I thought you two hated each other?” Mae said, surprised by their current cooperation with each other.
“We do, but we called a truce when it comes down to mutually helping our stubborn friends,” Aidan replied, bringing Beck his tray.
Meredith soon showed up and joined them.
“Alright you two, time to get it moving.  Beck, work has been calling all morning for you and Mae has lessons to learn,” Meredith commanded.
“Mere you are such a kill-joy sometimes.  Mae, I guess that means we are done playing hooky, the teacher has caught us,” Beck replied playfully.

~~~***~~~

Once again, Mae was out on the patio learning how to be a good witch.  This time Gemma would sit in on her lesson with Aidan teaching.  Meredith was helped Beck get caught up with paperwork.
“Today we will practice with plants for a few minutes as a refresher, then move onto energy walls,” Aidan announced in a pedantic voice.
He had already started a vine in the pot.  The objective was to make it grow and bend to her will.  Using what she learned yesterday, she grew the vine and willed it to wrap around Gemma, securely holding her friend in place.  Afterwards, she made it unwrap from around her and coil in the pot in the shape of a bunny.
“Nice touch there, Mae, I like the whole bunny thing.  Now let us move on to energy walls.  When you want to form a wall, you need to think in terms of dimensions.  The higher, longer and thicker the wall, the more energy it requires.  I want you to put a wall between you and me.  For now, build it brick by brick quickly.”
“How big?” she asked.
“Any size you want just remember the rules, the bigger it is, the more energy it takes.”
“Okay, I’m done.”
“Let’s see what we have here.”  He said, sensing the energy parameters of the wall.
“Not bad, Mae.  If you want it to last longer, make the energy in the same space denser.  Try it again, this time make it last longer.”
“Done,” she said quickly.  “What is the purpose of making walls?”   She could not see its practicalities.
“We use walls in many ways.  They are good for diverting danger away from us and although we can’t charm a vampire, a wall will stop them.  If you lay it flat, you can make a bridge, and it can even be used as a shield.”
“Does it have to be solid?”
“I honestly don’t know,” Aidan replied, pondering the possibility.
“I’m going to make a rubber wall and let you test it,” she said, thinking of energy in the form of rubber.
When Mae was done, Aidan checked it out by running into it, which was not the smartest thing to do.  He bounced off it like a vertical trampoline and landed on his ass.  Gemma and Mae became hysterical with laughter.
“Ouch…Way to spell check me.  I would say yes, you can make a rubber wall!  You are going to have to teach me that one,” Aidan answered rubbing his backside. “It is easy for us to sense a wall but that was not so defined.  It could really come in handy.”
“Are you okay, Aidan?” Mae laughed.  “And what do you mean by spell checked?”
Aidan got up off the ground and dusted the grass off his pants.  “Spell checked is what we call getting surprised by an undetectable spell.”
“Can you make a wall with parameters to allow certain people in while keeping others out?” Mae asked.
“Yes, but we call that a veil instead of a wall.  You want to try it?”
“Yes…What’s the trick?”
“Everyone has a different energy to them; you noticed that when you spoke telepathically.  This time you want to map that energy signature and add it to the energy wall.  Try mapping Gemma, then make the veil similar to a wall just thinner, like a curtain.  Normally, you would set a veil in a doorway to allow only those you want in.  But for now, just make it about door size.”
“So, Gemma should be able to pass but not you…right?” Mae asked, concentrating on Gemma’s energy and adding it to the thin curtain.
Gemma was able to walk through easily and Aidan was unable to go through.  It made Mae happy that she could finally learn to do magic and it was easier than she thought.
“Now we are going to play the wall game.  I am going to go out to the tree line and you need to stop me from getting to the patio by using walls.”
Aidan was at the tree line when Gemma yelled, “Go!”  He made a mad dash towards the patio.  Mae started throwing walls in front of him.  The first ones were small and he jumped right over them.  She started to go bigger but it took to much lead time to create, so the next ones were tall and slender, which Aidan just went around.  Just as he was about to step on to the patio, she made a large rubber wall in front of him.  Aidan bounced right off it back onto the grass and Mae threw her hands up in victory.
“Well played, Mae.  Now could you please help me up?  I think I cracked a rib,” Aidan moaned.
Gemma and Mae helped him into the living room and laid him on the couch.
“Mae, I need you to get Meredith for me; she is with Beck in his computer room,” Aidan labored to say.
Mae ran to Beck’s computer room, throwing open the door.  Beck was at his desk and Meredith was at a table, organizing papers.
Out of breath and half panicked, Mae relayed Aidan’s message to them. “Meredith, Aidan needs you!  I think I broke his rib and he is having trouble breathing.”
She dropped everything she was doing and raced down the hallway to where Aidan lay on the couch, with Beck right behind her.
She placed her hand over his ribs to access the damage.  “Aidan, your rib is broken and has punctured your lung.  Beck, I need you to bewitch him or this is going to be very painful.  Mae I need your help.”   Meredith was spouting orders like a general.
Beck bewitched his friend, resulting in Aidan lying still but out of pain.  The damage must have been extensive, judging by the worry on Meredith’s brow.
“Mae, remember how you made the tree grow?  I need you to repair Aidan’s rib the same way, think about the bone cells and mend them.  As soon as you move the bone, I need to mend his lung before it collapses.  Let me know when you are ready.”  Meredith knew she only had a little time to repair his lung.
“Okay now!”  Mae tugged on his rib using energy.  When it was finally back where it belonged, she concentrated on growing the bones to fuse together.  She noticed other cracked ribs so she repaired those as well, knitting the cells until they were one again.  She noticed all the tiny, burst capillaries around the break, leaking blood to the skin’s surface and making the area swell up.  Mae had always loved anatomy and now she felt comfortable with it.  Her magic flowed like blood to reconnect the cells, drawing the pools of blood under his skin and absorbing it back into the veins.  She could feel Meredith’s energy around her, encouraging her newly found talent.  Soon they were done and Aidan was asleep and breathing regularly.
Beck was pacing behind the couch, waiting to hear word on his friend’s condition.  “How is he?”
“He is going to be okay, I fixed the hole in his lung and Mae fixed his ribs and bleeding.  Mae, I think you have found your witch’s calling.”  Meredith looked at her with a sense of pride.
“I kind of surprised myself too.  It all felt so natural, I could see the cells like they were right in front of me,” she explained.
“Well I can honestly say you have a gift for healing and I think I would like to spend more time on that rather than nature, now that I know.”
Beck sighed, relieved that Aidan would be okay.  Then he started worrying about the bewitchment he placed on his friend. “Ladies, I think we are going to have a problem when Aidan wakes up, especially now that he has managed to piss off every woman in this house.”  Beck laughed, knowing this was going to be a long night if they did not come up with a plan.
They all just stood there looking at each other when Gemma spoke up, “I’ll do it,” she sighed.  “But you are going to have to bewitch me too and I’ll spend the night at the cottage with Aidan.  I don’t want the whole house knowing our business,” she said, looking at Beck.
“I suppose I owe you at least that much,” he laughed in agreement.
“Gemma, you don’t have to do this,” Mae interjected.
“Mae, it’s okay.  I know Aidan and I are not good at being a couple.  However, I could never complain about the sex, especially the night I was bewitched.  This time I don’t mind taking one for the team,” she explained.
Beck looked at Meredith and asked, “Do you think he is healed enough to let him loose in the cottage with Gemma for the rest of the evening, both bewitched?”
“I don’t think it will be a problem, but I will monitor him one more time at the cottage before we leave him there for the evening.  We should also see about having some dinner and snacks brought as well.  They will not want to be disturbed later,” Meredith added.
“By the way Mae, how in the world did you break Aidan’s rib playing a simple children’s game?” Beck inquired.
Mae was a bit embarrassed but she told him anyway.  “I made a rubber wall and he bounced right off it.”
Everyone in the room started to laugh.  It was a shame that it was at the expense of the poor man laid out on the couch, still under the spell.  Hopefully the night would make up for that, giving Gemma at least one last tumble before she left for home.



Chapter 8


Gemma and Aidan finally settled in the cottage for the evening while the rest of Beck’s houseguests called it a night and remained at the mansion.  Exhausted, Beck and Mae went to their own rooms in search of sleep and nothing more.  However, their weariness did not last long.  Under Beck’s bewitchment, Aidan couldn’t block his emotions which penetrated right through the house.  It wasn’t long before Mae found herself in Beck’s bed and arms, now fully aware of what it was like to be influenced by another witch’s emotions in full force.
Unlike the night before, they merely lay side by side, touching, kissing, and lightly caressing each other to placate Aidan’s unchecked libido which started to rage in their minds.  Beck moved his fingers lightly along her neck, shoulders and arms, barely touching her skin.  He left a trail of warmth and goose bumps in their wake.  Mae’s hand moved down his back, feeling every muscle on the way down and letting it settle on his hard backside.  Before long, their clothes lay strewn across the room as the final barrier between them was removed.  There they lay naked, in each other’s arms, peaceful, while both of them continued reining the urge to lose complete control.  Even their stillness could not quell the lust that was building between them and Mae could soon feel Beck’s hardness pushing against her.
“Mae, I can no longer fight this,” Beck whispered, drawing her closer.
Turning toward him, she whispered back, “Neither can I.”
Unwilling to surrender to the animal-like lust Aidan was projecting, they lay facing each other on their sides. Mae curled up as close as she could, putting one leg over his hip and her arm around his neck.  She lazily kissed him as he entered her slowly, until she could feel him inside her as deep as he could go.  His movements were subtle but effective, each stroke nearly made her scream with urgency; each gentle touch made her heart race with anticipation of their inevitable orgasms.
Beck whispered in a blissful calm, “I could sleep like this.”
Mae kissed his neck and sleepily replied, “So could I, but let’s not!”

~~~***~~~

Mae woke up to the sound of birds chirping, easing herself from Beck’s grip and making her way to the bathroom in her suite for a shower.  The heated tiles warmed her as she tried to figure out which handles controlled the numerous shower heads and which buttons to press on the control pad.  This was the most complicated shower she had ever encountered, and after several minutes she managed to get only one head to drip warm water.  She was asking herself, “Why didn’t I just used Beck’s simple shower like I have for the last couple of days?”  She knew the answer, she couldn’t sing with an audience and today she felt the need to sing.  She stood under the trickling shower head and started to sing “Gypsy” by Shakira.
Beck awoke to the sound of Mae’s voice trilling in the bathroom and crept up to the shower door to listen.
“Cause I’m a gypsy…are you coming with me...I might steal your clothes and wear them if they fit me.”  She sang without the sound of full running water to muffle her voice. Suddenly, she saw a silhouette on the other side of the shower door and screamed.
“Good grief Mae, It is only I,” Beck said, opening the shower door in his underwear.
“You scared the hell out of me!” she exclaimed, trying to cover herself with her hands to hide her private parts as though they were something he hadn’t seen already.
“I was just enjoying your song and realized the shower was not running correctly, so I thought I would help you.”
“Could you please show me how to work this thing,” Mae asked, pointing to the numerous handles and the control panel.
“Only if I may join you?” he said, removing his underwear, knowing he would not be turned down.
“Of course not, it’s your house,” she said, thinking to herself, “Good lord, why does the sight of his naked body make my knees go weak.”
“First you have to set the control panel then select which heads, water temperature, type of water flow, and whether or not you want steam.  Once you have it programmed, turn the handles on.  The computer will remember the settings the next time you want to use it.  All you have to do is press the on button and user one.”  Beck stood there naked, programming everything into the computer panel on the wall.
The water started streaming from ten different shower heads and steam began to appear from little nozzles at the bottom of the shower wall.  Mae felt glad to have the water on but sad that she would have to stop singing.
“So, did you mean what you were singing?  Is that why you stole my pajamas?” Beck teased.
“No, it’s just a song.  I took them because I wanted to remember you, even though we just met,” Mae replied, nervously playing with the ends of her hair.
Beck walked to where she was standing and put his arms around her. “I would love to hear you sing some more.”
“Not going to happen,” she said sternly, wiggling out of his embrace.
“You have such a lovely voice, why will you not share that part of you with me?” he begged, reaching for the soap and a washcloth.
“I’m just too embarrassed to sing in front of people…especially you.”
“Maybe someday you will feel comfortable enough around me to share that part of you, too.  For now, I am happy to settle for the parts you will share with me,” he said, kissing her lightly on the forehead and handing her the soap and washcloth.
Beck helped her wash her hair and she scrubbed his back, while she wondered how she was becoming so at ease around this divine creature.  They had become a couple in such a short amount of time. There was no doubt in her mind that this was not just a quick vacation romance and it began to scare her.  Still, she could not deny her enjoyment and the unusual feeling of familiarity that she now felt around him, as if she had known him an eternity.
“What is wrong Mae? You look very pensive,” Beck asked.
“It just scares me that we’ve become so close in such a short period of time and I’m afraid that if I tell you how I really feel, you’ll run away screaming into the night,” she sighed as they sat on the wooden bench enjoying the steam of the shower.
“Mae, I have something to tell you.  Remember when you could feel my pain?”  Beck asked, knowing it was time to tell her of their bond.
“Yes!  And all I can say is I hope you never get hurt again,” she laughed.
“I know why you could feel my pain.  I am not sure how it happened, but apparently, you and I have bonded,” Beck finally confessed.
“What does that mean?” she said, vaguely remembering what he had said a few days ago about it.
“For one it means that we feel each other’s pain.  Our attraction to each other is so overpowering that in a normal person it would be considered obsessive.  I cannot even think of you naked without wanting to take you to bed,” he explained, hoping she would understand that she would never be able to leave him.
“You mean you feel the same way, too?  This is not just some silly crush to be forgotten in a week?” she asked.  “Could he have really fallen for me as I have with him?” she wondered.
“Yes, I am afraid so.  You are stuck with me whether you like it or not,” he said, reaching out to squeeze her hand.
Mae pushed his hand away and stood in front of him. “How long will it last?” she inquired nervously.
“This is the first time I have bonded with a woman, but it is my understanding that it will last until death,” Beck sighed, looking into her eyes, nervously waiting for the signs of panic that were sure to ensue.
Mae’s knees buckled under her at his reply.  Beck grabbed her before she hit the marble floor.  Sitting on one of the wooden benches in the shower, he sat her on his lap while she hyperventilated until her chest hurt so badly tears fell down her cheek.
“Mae, calm down and take a deep breath.  Am I really so bad?”  Beck asked, trying to subdue her.
“We hardly know each other and now you’re talking forever,” she said in a voice that was shriller than normal.
“I understand your shock, but I expected it would reassure you to know the reason you feel so close to me.  You seek logic in everything and it always holds the answers for you.  This is no different.  It explains why we are attracted to one another in a way beyond conventional logic.”  Beck kept trying to explain without telling her the real reason they bonded…They were in love with each other.
She took a couple of deep breaths and started to calm herself.  “Beck, I did not mean to insult you.  It’s just a shock and I didn’t handle it very well.  I’ve been hurt so many times from rushing into dead end relationships and this is the fastest one yet.  I keep expecting you to get rid of me because you are far too good for me,” she confided putting her arms around his neck and sighing.
“That is what I keep trying to tell you, Mae; I am not going anywhere.  The bond between us is eternal and any separation from you would kill me.  This is not any game I am playing just to keep you in my bed until I tire of you.”  Beck kissed her cheek and she got off his lap.
“I’m sorry I got so dramatic, it’s a lot to take in.  So, how shall we classify our relationship?  It is a relationship, right?”  Mae’s head was full of questions, as she paced the floor in front of him, but this was the most important to her.
“I do not know?  But I am sure we can figure it out together,” Beck replied, turning off the shower with the press of a button and handed her a towel.
“Am I your girlfriend?” she teased, trying to lighten the mood.
“Yes, you are most certainly my girlfriend.  But I hope that one day we can come to a more permanent arrangement.”
“What do you mean by ‘more permanent’?” she asked, raising her brow.
“We will discuss that later, after I have won your heart and you feel more comfortable moving forward,” he answered, not wanting to scare her with talk of infinity.
“Can I pick out your clothes?”  Seeing Beck in a pair of jeans was certainly something that crossed her mind more than once and helped her to ignore the previous conversation.
“If it makes you happy,” he replied, laughing at the randomness of her question.
“I think we need to check on Gemma and Aidan after breakfast,” Mae suddenly said, changing the subject.  She was concerned about what might have taken place the night before.
“I agree,” he replied, kissing her lightly on the lips.

~~~***~~~

It was almost lunchtime and no one had seen or heard from Gemma and Aidan.  Meredith volunteered to go with Beck and Mae to check on them, sensing that there might be a problem at the cottage.  They knocked on the cottage door and Aidan answered.  He looked like hell, displaying bruises and what appeared to be bite marks on his neck.  There were also marks on his wrists that looked like rope burns and Mae began to panic as she thought about what state Gemma might be found.  “Where is Gemma?” she said with an urgency to her voice.
“She’s in the kitchen doing dishes,” he replied calmly.
Mae pushed her way through the front door past Aidan.  Gemma was at the sink doing dishes and looking worse than Aidan. She turned to Mae, with tears streaming down her face and falling quietly into the sink.
“Mae, I was not expecting you,” she said, trying to wipe the tears from her face with her sleeve.
“I am so sorry I let you do this.  I knew it was a bad idea.”
“I’m not upset about last night, Mae.  My flight is tomorrow and look at me! I’m a complete mess.  Aidan has been trying to console me all morning because I can’t stand being seen like this.”  Gemma dried her hands and sat mournfully at the kitchen table.
Meredith joined them and smiled, “Are the lovebites the only problem?” she asked.
“Yes, I can’t go home like this,” she explained.
“Mae, this would be the ideal time for you to practice healing,” Meredith suggested.
“You mean you two can fix this? Why didn’t Aidan say something earlier?” Gemma inquired.
“I think he is still recovering from yesterday.  He hasn’t even healed himself, so I don’t think he could offer you much help at the moment,” Meredith replied, looking at Gemma’s injuries.
Meredith and Mae offered to work on Gemma in the kitchen while Beck and Aidan shut themselves in the bedroom.

~~~***~~~

“I told Mae about the bond between us.  I do not think she handled it very well,” Beck confided to his friend, sitting on the cedar chest at the foot of the bed.
“Did you tell her about Helen?”
“I cannot.  Mae would never forgive me.  I feel like I am walking a very thin line when it comes to Mae’s emotions, I cannot even tell her I am in love with her without fear of her pushing me away.”
“At some point you’re going to have to come clean with her.  The sooner the better,” Aidan reminded Beck, sitting on a small ottoman across from him.
“First, I must win her heart and have her admit she loves me, too.  Until then, I am relegated to letting things happen at her pace.  I feel like my hands are tied,” Beck replied, eyeing the rope which was tied to the bed’s headboard.
“Does this mean you have already made your choice?”
“Yes, as much as it pains me to let go of the past as well as Helen,” Beck sighed.
“I’m glad to hear that, not that I don’t love Helen or anything.  But, this is the happiest I’ve ever seen you.”  Aidan believed Mae was a good match for his friend.
“I know!  And I do not want to screw it up while at the same time I do not know if I can ever forgive myself about Helen.  This is so confusing, you would think after ten thousand or so years I would have learned how to manage a relationship,” Beck confessed.
“Welcome to the real world of relationships my friend.  Wallow in all of its heartache and confusion along with the rest of us,” Aidan laughed.
“Now that I think of it, you are probably the last person I should be asking for relationship advice.  You have never had a woman longer than a year or two,” Beck reminded him.
“I honestly do not know if there is a ‘Mae’ out there for me, Beck since the only person I’ve ever even dated more than once was Meredith…But God, that woman drives me nuts sometimes,” he added, as if longing for her attention once more.
“Yes, but that is what makes it work for you two.  You are a loose cannon and she is a control freak; it is as close to perfect balance as you two will ever find.”  Beck laughed at the prospect of Meredith and Aidan dating again.

~~~***~~~

Gemma looked at herself in the mirror.  She smiled, relieved that all the marks Aidan had left on her body were gone, even the ones running up the inside of her thigh. “Thanks, you two, now I can go home without having to explain what happened to my dad.”
“Mae, you are very gifted at healing.  I don’t think I can teach you anymore on the subject, since you’re already better at it than I am,” Meredith smiled.
Aidan and Beck joined them in the kitchen.  Beck seemed to be in a good mood and kept looking at Mae, smiling.  “I wish I could have been a fly on the wall during he and Aidan’s conversation in the bedroom.  Both of them are grinning from ear to ear at whatever secret they shared,” Mae thought, sitting down at the kitchen table.
“What are today’s plans?”  Mae asked.
“I have to pack for my flight,” stated Gemma.
“Aidan and I have to run into town and pick up supplies for tonight’s lesson.  We are going to play a little game of ‘Capture the Flag’,” said Meredith.
“I guess that leaves us to find our own activities, Mae. What would you like to do today?” Beck asked.
“I know you’re not going to like this, but I would like to go shopping.”
“I do not mind at all.  It will give us a chance to find out what kinds of thing each of us likes,” said Beck.
They had a nice, uneventful trip to Killarney where the first stop was at the bank.  Beck insisted Mae open a bank account.  He made her first deposit as payment for fixing his telecommunication equipment.  She did not want him to pay her for her services, mostly because she had not paid him for the room and board since she arrived almost two weeks ago.  He would not let her see the amount of the deposit, so she knew it was more than what he should have paid for her assistance.
They visited many small shops, pointing out the objects they liked and did not like.  Their taste in modern decor was very similar, but when it came to clothes, they were complete opposites.  She preferred comfort over style, while Beck had never owned a pair of jeans or sweat pants.  Mae also dragged him into a couple of jewelry stores.  She loved looking at pretty, shiny things and in one particular store they had rhinestone-covered memory sticks.  She wanted to buy one but they all had pink designs on them and since pink was her least favorite color, she passed on it.
Ever since Mae was a kid, she always window-shopped for diamond rings, their sparkle drew her in like a moth to a flame.  She wanted to try them on and feel the cold metal wrap around her finger, while the stones soothed her like a lullaby.  However, she was afraid that if she showed too much interest, Beck might buy her one and that made her uncomfortable.  So, Mae walked past the case, ignoring their screams for attention.  It was getting late anyway and they needed to return to Beck's house.  Meredith’s training in the guise of a child's game was planned for tonight and Mae was finally tired of walking around.
"Mae, I hope you enjoyed your day," said Beck.
"It has been very enlightening.  You were right when you said you could learn a lot about someone by going shopping with them."  She was glad he didn’t mind being dragged from store to store because she actually enjoyed his company.

~~~***~~~

It was almost dark when they got back to the house.  Everyone gathered in the dining room to eat right away.  Meredith and Gemma discussed the latest celebrity gossip, which left Mae bored, so she listened in on Beck and Aidan's conversation about wind power.
“I’ve noticed a lot of wind turbines here in Ireland.  Is that some sort of government initiative?” Mae asked them.  Despite its rustic appearance, Ireland had modern technology around almost every corner.
“There is a high concentration of witches here in Ireland and they insist on the latest environmentally safe equipment.  I give them credit where it is due, and the turbines were one of their better ideas,” Beck replied.
“Mere, what are the teams for tonight’s games?” Aidan asked.
“Me, you and Mae against Beck and Gemma,” she replied.
“That does not sound like a fair fight, three witches against one vampire and a human,” said Mae, questioning the evenness of her decision.
“That is exactly why we’re doing this at night.  Beck can see in the dark and we can’t, and he has the added advantage of strength and speed,” Meredith replied.
“And I cannot be charmed,” said Beck.
“I would say he has the advantage,” Meredith concluded.
When dinner was done, both teams had only hour to prepare for the game. They separated into their assigned groups and started to plan their strategies.  Mae’s plan was simple; Mae would guard the flag while Meredith kept Beck occupied.  Meanwhile, Aidan would have snagged the flag from Gemma.  Pretty simple...Right?  At least that’s what they thought.
“Gemma and Beck are in the stable, so we only have a short time for me to get around him because of his speed.  I’m sure he can sense Mae, so it won’t take him long to find her,” said Aidan.
“Let’s get this started,” Meredith announced as she and Aidan headed to the stable.  Mae stood on the edge of a small, open pasture, waiting to prevent Beck from capturing their flag.
The game began and appeared to move faster than light.  Beck ran out of the barn with the speed of a cheetah.  Both Aidan and Meredith tried to block him with walls, but he moved too fast.  Meredith’s last ditch effort to stop him was by throwing an energy ball at him.  Unfortunately, Beck ducked and the ball hit Aidan, who was directly behind him.
Beck picked Meredith up by the waist and tied her to the fence post with Christmas lights.  Meredith apologized to Aidan for accidentally hitting him with the energy ball.  Aidan lay on the ground moaning with Beck coming right at Mae. She started to panic and did the only spell she could think of at the time…Mud…and lots of it.  As soon as she saw Beck hit the edge of the mud puddle, instead of coming to a stop, he tripped and slid all the way across it on his side, knocking Mae down on top of him in the process.  She lay there splayed on top of him, covered in mud as they both started to giggle.  He reached up and wiped some of the mud from her lips before kissing her.  In the meantime, Aidan had peeled himself off the ground and was approaching Meredith.
“Aidan, please forgive me for the energy ball and could you please untie me?” Meredith begged.
Aidan leaned against the fence post next to her, “I don’t know Mere, I kind of like you all tied up like this,” he said in an arrogant tone as he turned away.
“Not funny Aidan, now get me out of this!”  Meredith was getting angry and the tree lights started to blink with her anger despite their not being plugged in.
“AIDAN!” she yelled as he walked away, making her madder.
“I better untie her before the neighbors assume I think it is Christmas already,” Beck said to Mae as they watched Meredith’s lights glow brighter with her increased anger.
Beck was untying Meredith when Gemma walked out of the stable.  “So who won?” she asked.
“It appears Aidan has won,” Beck replied, referring to the ongoing spat between him and Meredith.
“It looks like I missed all the fun.  You and Mae mud wrestling and Meredith hanging Christmas lights.  Where did Aidan go anyway?” Gemma inquired, looking around for him.
“I think he hoped to get a head-start before Meredith got loose,” Mae replied.
“Mae, where is your necklace?” Gemma suddenly inquired, noticing that it was no longer around her neck.
Mae placed her hand over her chest, feeling for it.  “Oh my God, I lost it out here somewhere!”  She started to search the ground by feeling for her missing necklace.
Within minutes, the entire household was scouring the grounds in the dark, looking for Mae’s precious bug.  After an hour with no success, it was decided to call off the search until morning when there would be more light.  Mae sat on the patio, covered in mud, tears streaming down her face.  Beck sat next to her, holding her quietly.  He knew there was nothing he could say to make her feel better.
“We should probably rinse off out here,” she finally suggested.  The mud that covered them was starting to dry and flaking off in chunks.  “It might clog the pipes in the shower.”
Beck turned on the hose and started to rinse them both off.  Then he began to remove his clothes.
“What are you doing?” she asked.
“I do not want to leave a trail of mud and water across the entire house for the housekeepers to clean.”  He walked to the backdoor and yelled something to the remaining staff then returned.  In no time, one of the staffers laid some towels on the patio table.
“I don’t want anyone to see me in my underwear!” Mae exclaimed, reluctant to remove her clothes.
“Do not worry, Mae; most of the staff are gone for the evening and anyone who plans to keep his job, will not bother us.”  He stepped closer and started to remove her shirt.
The cold water and air chilled her.  Beck put his arms around her and held her close in an effort to keep her warm while she removed the remainder of her soiled clothes.  He grabbed a towel and wrapped her in it as she began to shiver.
“You are freezing cold, Mae.  I think you need a hot bath and a warm drink.”  Beck ordered the cook to serve a couple of Irish coffees before she left.
They walked to her bathroom together, each holding their hot cups of whiskey-laced coffees.  The room was warm and the bath had already been filled.  Beck suggested they jump in the shower first to wash away any remaining mud.  They set their drinks down by the tub and quickly showered.  Mae was looking forward to a good soak.  They slid into the tub and Beck turned on the whirlpool jets.  Complete and utter bliss washed over her as the heat of the water penetrated her bones.  Beck wrapped himself around her while she sipped her intoxicating drink, which also warmed her hands.
“Beck what did you mean by ‘a more permanent arrangement’?”   Mae had been unable to get his words out of her head all day.
Beck sighed, he was reluctant to elaborate on that particular conversation.  “I do not know if you are ready for the answer to that question.”
“Are you going to lock me in your secret dungeon forever, never to be heard from again?” she dramatized playfully.
“No Mae, that is not what I meant,” he laughed.
“Whatever you meant can’t be all that bad, so tell me already.”
“When you are ready, I want all of this to be yours, too.”
“So you want us to become business partners?”
“Not exactly.  I thought you were smart enough to understand what I am trying to tell you,” Beck replied.
“I am, I just want to hear you say it,” she teased, feeling Beck squirm beneath her.
“I love you Maelin Fletcher, would you do me the honor of becoming Mrs. Beckett Worthington?”  Beck answered nervously.
“Are you asking me to marry you?  Okay.  I was expecting a proclamation of your love and maybe some hot sex later but this went well beyond that.”
“Yes, that is exactly what I am asking, but this was not how I had planned it.  I had something far more romantic in mind for my proposal.  Now that you have forced my hand, you will have to settle for an unromantic proposal in the bath,” Beck replied.
Mae turned around and straddled him.  She needed to talk to him face to face. “Beck, I don’t know what to say.” He was hoping for an answer to his proposal, but her mind kept bouncing between yes and no.
“Say yes.”
“I want to say yes, but everything is moving too fast.  What if a month down the road you hate me?”  Her mind was moving a thousand miles an hour and she didn’t want to reject his offer, but yes was not forthcoming.
Beck could feel her mentally struggle, she had no idea how much it would break his heart if she refused.  He needed to give her an out before she could say no.  “Mae, we do not have to get married right away.  I want you to love me too before we go down that road.  You are so much more than just a girlfriend to me.  At least say yes to the engagement.”
“Yes, I will accept your engagement as long as you are willing to wait until I am ready to marry.”  She would give him at least that much.
Excitement welled up inside him.  “She said yes!” was all he could think.  “I could wait an eternity if I had to.  Now all I need to do is get you a ring and have some sort of engagement party.”
Beck was completely giddy and it made Mae happy too.  She kissed him before he could say anything else and their emotions took over from there.  She wanted him more than ever, so why was it so hard for her to tell him she loved him?  The moment was so wrapped up in their happiness that they seemed to melt into one another, mind, body, and soul.  It was beyond coupling; it was almost as though they were a part of each other’s being.  When they were done, she knew her heart was no longer her own…she loved him.
“Beck, we should tell the others about our engagement,” she said, lying in bed tangled in each other’s arms.
“We will tell them after I get you a ring.  I do not want to look cheap in front of our friends.  Speaking of rings, after all of those jewelry stores you dragged me in today, you never showed me what kind of a ring you would like,” said Beck.
“I will cherish whatever little chip you pick out for me, Beck.  I want it to remind me of you every time I look at it.”  Mae did not want to pick out her own ring.
Beck had no clue how to buy an engagement ring.  The only ring he ever gave Helen was the gold band he kept in his drawer.  He had given her the same simple band every time she returned.  He was so excited about picking one out for Mae, he could hardly wait for morning to come to buy the ring.  He snuck out of bed and started making phone calls.
Come morning, a courier would fly in from London and deliver the ring he had chosen for Mae.  He made a change to an original ring which had large diamond baguettes on each side.  Beck insisted they change them to emeralds since green was Mae’s favorite color.



Chapter 9


It was almost noon when the doorbell rang causing Beck to jump up from his seat.  He waved off the butler and answer the door personally.  He spent most of the morning making phone calls and looking out windows, expecting something important to arrive by helicopter.  Finally, he walked into the living room holding a small box and asked everyone to gather round so he could make his grand announcement.
Mae sat on the couch next to Gemma as Beck knelt down on one knee in front of her.  Gemma grabbed her hand and squeezed it, letting Mae know she was there for support.  Mae’s heart stopped when he opened the box.  She had never seen a diamond that big in her entire life.  It was a large emerald cut diamond flanked by two deep green emerald baguettes.  “Beck must have spent all night getting this ring here,” she thought as the diamond began to hum its song.
“Maelin Fletcher, will you marry me?”  Beck took the ring out of the box and placed it on her finger.
“Beckett Worthington, I would be honored,” she smiled as a tear of joy rolled down her face.
Aidan moved next to Beck and patted him on the back in congratulations while Gemma and Meredith huddled around Mae looking at the ring.
“Oh my God!  Mae, the diamond is massive.  Is it a Harry Winston?”  Gemma asked, bringing Mae’s hand closer to her eye level to inspect the ring.
“I have no idea where he got this monstrosity from.  Way too much is what it is,” she replied, placing her hand back in her lap.
“Yes, it is a Harry Winston and the sales rep said the average cost for an engagement ring is three months’ salary, but they did not have anything that expensive in stock, so I chose this one.  I had the side diamonds replaced with emeralds since green is your favorite color.  Do you like it?” Beck asked waiting for approval.
“It is completely obscene, Beck…I love it!”  Mae expected nothing less from him.  The ring was exactly his taste, big and expensive.  It was the one thing about him that she would have a hard time getting used to.
The guys stepped out on the patio to continue their conversation while Gemma and Meredith started to ask questions in their absence.
Concern was evident in Gemma’s voice.  “Mae, this is all very unexpected.  Have you two set a date?” she asked, sitting on the couch next to Mae, eyeing the diamond on her finger.
“Gemma, it’s not what you think.  Beck and I talked last night.  The bond we have can’t be broken; we’re basically stuck with one another for life.  We haven’t set a date because I’ve only agreed to the engagement, not the wedding.”  Mae was not willing to go into details at the moment, but she could understand Gemma’s concern.
“Okay, now I’m really confused…What’s going on Mae?” Gemma pried, she wanted to make sure her best friend was not being coerced into something as serious as marriage.
Mae started to nervously roll the ring around her finger. All of Gemma’s questions were making her second guess her decision.  “I don’t know Gemma, he’s perfect…almost too perfect.  I’m just not ready to get married and Beck is, so the engagement is a compromise until I am ready.”  It was as honest an answer as she could give.
“Do you love him?”  Meredith asked, as if nothing else mattered.
Mae sat there shaking her head yes.  “I just can’t bring myself to tell him.  It’s like something inside of me is holding me back from saying those three little words,” she sighed, placing her hands palms down on her legs so she would stop turning the ring.
Gemma put her arms around Mae and gave her a well-deserved hug. “As long as you are happy Mae, there is nothing else I want.”
“It’s quite obvious that Beck is completely in love with you and I know he’ll wait until you are ready to return that love,” said Meredith, who had known Beck off and on for the last three hundred years.  It was undeniable that he was in love by the way he lit up when he opened the ring box.
“You love him and he loves you, what more could you ask for?”  Gemma questioned, trying to get to the root of why Mae was withholding her emotions from Beck.
Mae stood up nervously and began to pace in front of the couch.  “I’m happy and scared at the same time, everything is moving so fast, it seems like a dream.”
Gemma watched Mae walk back and forth in front of her.  It was a sign of Mae’s uneasy disposition concerning love. “You need to tell him you love him and let go of the past already.  He’s your match, Mae and despite your conflicting emotions right now, in your heart you know I’m right.”
“I will, just not now.”  Her heart was telling her yes, but her mind would not let it speak of the word, love.
Beck was on the phone when he entered the living room and motioned for Mae to follow him down the hall to the computer room.  When they got there, he hung up the phone and got on the computer.
“The lab called back with your DNA results.  I thought you might want to know what they found.”  Beck brought the document up on his computer.
“Well, what does it say?” she asked as Beck stared into the screen like something was wrong.
“You better sit down first.  How much do you know about your biological parents?”  Beck inquired, trying to make sense of the results.
Mae sat down in one of the chairs across from his desk.  “I don’t know anything about them at all.  My adoptive parents were very secretive.  Why do you ask?”  His questions left her puzzled as she started to twist the ring on her finger anxiously.
“Mae, your parents are not human.  You have zero percent human blood and fifty percent Nauss blood.”  Beck stopped there, not knowing how to tell her the rest.
“What about the other half?”  Mae’s stomach sank, thinking of whatever bad news he was keeping from her.
He let out a sigh, unsure of her reaction. “The other half is Veshtu.”
Mae was taken aback for a moment at what that meant.  “You mean I’m a witch and a vampire?”  She had to confirm what he just said, otherwise her mind would reject the idea completely.
“Yes, and the only way that could happen is if your biological parents were one of each.  This explains so much, I wonder why I did not see it before.  You are about as strong as I am; you love technology and logic, not to mention our bond with each other.  I was told that vampires can bond with one another when they are in love.  It all makes so much sense now,” Beck explained with excitement.
“I don’t know how to wrap my head around all of this,” she said, running her fingers through her hair as she leaned over with her elbows on his desk.  “I thought the Nauss and Veshtu hated each other?”  She could not dispute the DNA results, but it made her wonder how she could have come into being.  Part of her wanted to go back to when she was just plain Mae, quiet nerd, while another part accepted everything she’d learned about her ancestry with open arms, relishing the future.
“Your parents must be as star-crossed as Romeo and Juliet.  I do not think the two races know they are genetically compatible, excluding your parents, of course.  I bet your adoptive parents were not human either.  Your parents may have been hiding you here on earth for protection and bound your powers to keep anyone from finding you.  But, with your adoptive parents now gone, the binding must have worn off.”  Beck was trying to comprehend her DNA results.  They were beyond his wildest dreams.  Mae was more like him than he had ever imagined and he hoped it would bring them closer together. He stood up in his excitement, still staring at the computer screen.
“That would also account for my lack of family members of any kind.”  It always bothered her that she had no extended family beyond her parent; and hiding her from the world was a kinder explanation than that her adoptive parents were recluses.
Beck started to pace behind his desk, pondering the medical implications of her mixed blood.  This could be the answer they had been looking for, the key to making the healing properties of a vampire work on humans and witches.  He needed to get to his lab in Dublin right away.  “We need to consult Meredith and Aidan; these results are going to cause a world of problems for all of us,” Beck sighed.  If the results leaked to the rest of the vampire world, they would come after her.  They might see it as a way for them to get rid of witches for good.
Tired of watching Beck pace behind his desk, Mae walked over to him and put her arms around him.  It was the only way she could think of to stop his pacing as he sighed and hugged her back.  She could feel the tension leave his body, so she dropped her mental wall, allowing him to feel what she was feeling; confusion, fear, acceptance and love…She could not articulate her emotions, so she let him feel what her lips refused to say.
“I love you too, Mae and I understand your fear, I also fear what lies ahead for us.”  Beck was elated for he felt the love she was projecting above all the other emotions.  He wanted to calm her fears so he kissed her forehead and projected more love to her.  She squeezed her arms tighter around him in acceptance as she lapped up his ardor.

~~~***~~~

Beck assembled everyone in the living room.  Gemma, Meredith, and Mae sat on the couch together while Aidan took a chair across from them.  “A vampire?  Are you sure you read the DNA results correctly?” Aidan asked Beck, visibly shocked by the DNA results.  “There has never been a witch/vampire before!  Well now, at least, Meredith can stop brooding about her inability teach Mae, since we know she is half vampire and thinks like one.”
“I had no idea this gene combo could exist,” Meredith interjected.
“I need to go to the lab and Aidan I want you to come with me,” Beck suddenly cut in.  “I have scheduled the helicopter to be here within the hour.  I need Aidan’s assistance for the next couple of weeks so I made arrangements for some additional help.  Meredith, remember whom you asked for earlier?  She will be arriving tomorrow morning.”  Beck made sure all the bases were covered.  Now that he knew Mae was also a vampire, he realized that Meredith would need Alexis’ help to train Mae.
“You’re leaving in an hour?”  Mae inquired as her anxiety level started to rise.  She didn’t want him to go; right now, she needed him close by and Dublin was too far.  “When did I become so needy?” she thought.  If Beck was right about their bond the clinginess it was causing dismayed her.
Beck had momentarily forgotten about their bond and the separation anxiety that it caused.  He would have to come back soon or he too would not be able to concentrate on anything but Mae.  “Do not worry, Mae. I promise to be back tomorrow afternoon.  You girls deserve to have a spa day this afternoon.  It will help you to relax and not dwell on my departure so much,” he suggested.
Meredith nodded her head, “That sounds like a wonderful idea, especially since it’s Gemmas last day here.”  Meredith knew they would have to keep Mae occupied until Beck returned.  A vampires bond was one of the strongest in the “magical world” and Mae’s naiveté to the whole experience would give her little control over her emotions until Beck returned.
“I was thinking.  Since we know Mae is susceptible to charms, if she gets too upset, Meredith can still charm her,” Beck added before leaving to go to his room and pack.  Mae followed, shutting the bedroom door behind them.  She took a seat at the end of the bed and started playing nervously with the engagement ring he placed on her finger.  He could sense her despondency about him leaving, but in truth, she was just as upset with herself for allowing her emotions to overrule her logic.  He sat on the bed next to her and held her hand.
She was doing her best to block her emotions, but he could feel little snippets of them seeping through.  “If it bothers you that much, I will stay,” he said, turning to look at her.  He was starting to worry about his own emotions interfering with what he needed to do.  He knew he could always do a teleconference, but that would not provide the privacy he needed to protect Mae.  He needed to prep and run the experiments himself…It was the only way.
Mae did not want Beck to stay on her account and bristled at the idea of surrendering to her emotions for the rest of her life.  It was time to learn how to deal with the separation.  “I’ll be okay, Beck,” she smiled in an attempt to reassure him that she could survive one day without him.  His thumb brushed the top of her hand and instantly, all their attention was diverted away from his departure as their lust for one another took over.  She kissed him with uncontrollable urgency remembering the helicopter would be arriving soon and he would be gone.  Seeing his naked body splayed across the bed clouded her mind, Mae felt too emotional to speak so she projected her vision to him.
Beck started to laugh, “What a naughty girl you are, Mae!  As you wish…” he said, unbuttoning his shirt and removing it.  At least, there were no doubts in his mind that she wanted him physically.
Mae was left breathless at the vision of his perfect, naked body lying on the bed when Beck decided to participate in her little projection game.  His vision made her blush, seeing her lips wrapped around his cock, sucking and licking, squeezing his ballocks.  But, before Mae could actually put her lips around his shaft they heard the helicopter’s approach.  With a mutual sigh, they abandoned their lust knowing their foreplay would have to be postponed for the moment.
Beck kissed her before he jumped out of bed and quickly got dressed.
“I need to go,” Beck sighed.  Tonight was going to be rough on both of them and despite the importance of the DNA results, he much preferred to stay in her arms.  It was unfortunate that he had to leave before they could finish their tryst, and his body would remind him of the unfinished encounter later.
“Beck, I…” The words would not come out, despite Mae’s efforts to say them. “Be safe,” she sighed instead of I love you.
He grabbed his jacket as he headed out the bedroom door.  Mae sat on the bed watching him leave, her emotions in turmoil.  She did not want to make it worse by following him to the helo pad and prolonging her agony.  She gazed down at the ring he gave her just hours before and began to cry at the emptiness she was already feeling.  Thankfully, it was not long before Gemma and Meredith intervened.
Meredith handed her a box of tissues.  “It’ll be okay, Mae.  We’ll have some wine and a good massage. It’ll make you feel like a new person.”
Meredith tried to cheer her up, but was unsuccessful.  “I already feel like a new person,” Mae cried, grabbing a tissue from the box.  “And that’s the problem, why the hell am I crying?” she sobbed again as she tried to regain control of herself.  “None of this is logical.  It’s not like he’s leaving forever.”  Mae was riding an emotional roller coaster, and ready to get off.
Meredith warned Gemma earlier that the bond between Mae and Beck might cause a lot of drama when he left, but this was far beyond anything she ever expected.  “Come on, Mae.  Let’s go have some fun before I leave.”  Gemma squeezed her friend’s hand and wiped the tears off her cheek.
Mae was a wreck and did not want to go anywhere as she fought back her tears and sighed, not wanting to move from the edge of the bed.  Meredith handed her an envelope.  When she opened it, she found a credit card and a note:
Dearest Mae,
I know my leaving will have a profound effect on you and not by your choosing.  I have enclosed the card for your account and, added a little extra so that you can do some shopping today.  They say shopping always makes a girl feel better.  I would love to see you in something blue and lacy tomorrow night so we can pick up where we left off.  I am always just a phone call away if you need me.
Mon coeur est à toi,
Beckett Worthington

His thoughtfulness made her cry all over again.  “Why was it so hard for me to say those three little words?” she thought as Gemma snatched the note from her hands and read its contents.  She looked relieved when she had finished and stood up while squeezing Mae’s hands.  “Mae, it looks like we girls have a mission to accomplish.  If Beck wants something blue and lacy, we need to find something blue, lacy, and completely sinful,” Gemma smiled, pulling Mae off the bed and walking her to the bathroom to dry her eyes and fix her face.
“I know this great little shop in town; it has the naughtiest nighties you have ever seen and it’s within walking distance from the spa,” Meredith chimed in.  It was a place Meredith had frequented when she and Aidan were dating.
After three hours at the spa, Mae felt relaxed enough to endure the rest of the afternoon.  They stopped at one of the local shops where Gemma and Meredith debated whether the new “in” color for purses was red or yellow.  Mae preferred green, but settled on a more practical brown one that matched more of her clothes.
Meredith reminded Mae of Beck’s status and felt she needed to dress the part of a corporate exec’s future wife, including new dresses and shoes, Gemma agreed. They searched through the racks finding dresses for Mae to try on in the dressing room.  Mae remembered that she owed Gemma a new dress to replace the one that Beck ripped off her. She was starting to think about him and knew it wouldn’t be long before the waterworks started again.
 They finally walked to the shop Meredith had mentioned earlier.  “Oh my God!  Are you serious?  Surely you don’t expect me to buy one of these.”  Mae was holding up a pair of red lace panties that were split down the center, ensuring easy access.  Mae was almost mortified at the skimpiness of some of the lingerie on display.
Gemma laughed, “Mae, where is your sense of adventure?  I’ve never known you to be a prude when it came to undies,” handing her a light blue teddy from the display.
“You’re right.  I’m just not feeling like myself today, which is ironic since Beck really does bring out the vamp in me,” realizing what she just said, all three of them started to laugh at Mae’s unintended pun.
“I bet he would like that one.”  Meredith said, pointing to an aqua colored corset with beige lace trim, hanging on the back wall.  “You should try it on,” she suggested, walking over to the back wall and retrieving it for Mae.
Mae looked at herself in the mirror and was pleasantly surprised.  The corset fit perfect and gave the illusion of having curves.  She smiled thinking of Beck destroying the laces in the back in the attempt to get the tightly fitted garment off of her.  Gemma handed her the black dress she bought earlier today so she could see if it covered the corset, which it did.
After about an hour, they left the store, each of them with purchases that would catch the eye of any man lucky enough to see them.  They headed back to Beck’s house in Meredith’s Prius when Mae started to think about what turns Beck on.  She remembered that they always had a hard time controlling themselves when she wore the perfume he bought for her in Waterford.  Was there something about the ingredients that made them so randy?  Meredith was good with herbs, so Mae asked.  “Mere, every time I wear the perfume Beck bought me we can’t seem to keep our hands off each other.  Are there any herbs that work like vamp nip?”
Meredith giggled at her, then tilted her head and paused to think. “I heard that the mixture of water lily and rice can entice vampires.  But that is a very odd combo, so you’re not likely to come across it very often.”
“Unless you use rice powder foundation and spray yourself with perfume that has water lily in it,” Mae added, laughing at her own mistake before leaning back in her seat.
“Oh no!”  Meredith laughed.  “Well at least you know what perfume to wear when you want to get his attention,” she said, pulling into the driveway and parking.

~~~***~~~

Evening had come and gone.  Mae lay in her bed trying to get her mind off Beck, but the vision of him haunted her every time she closed her eyes.  The band of her ring was humming the song of the diamond it held, reminding her of Beck’s protective care as well as his absence.  Mae’s cell phone suddenly rang, breaking the trance of the ring.  It was Beck.
“Hello?” she answered.
“Hello beautiful, did you have a good day?”
“I’m glad you asked Gemma and Meredith to distract me, otherwise I think I would’ve died,” she said dramatically.
“I know how you feel.  I cannot wait to get back home.”
“How are your tests going?” Mae asked, hoping they went well so he could leave soon.
“The tests look very promising,” Beck replied with excitement in his voice.
“I miss you,” Mae admitted, her voice faltering as tears welled up in her eyes.
“Mae, do not cry. I miss you too.  I called because I could not fall asleep,” Beck said as his voice started to crack.
“I’m sorry, I just can’t control my emotions today and you’re not the only one who can’t sleep,” Mae sniffled trying to hold back the tears.
“Meredith can help you with that.  Ask her to put a sleep charm on you so at least one of us will get some sleep tonight.”
“I’ll do that, otherwise I’ll cry all night.”  Mae was emotionally exhausted and desperate for sleep at any cost.
“I have to go now, I promise to be home tomorrow before dinner.  I heard Meredith has something planned for us.  And tell Gemma I wish her a safe trip home and that I hope she comes back soon.”
“I’ll tell her.  Good night Beck,” she sighed.
“I love you.  Bye,” he replied, ending the conversation.
Mae hung up the phone and walked down the long hallway to Meredith’s room.  She and Gemma were sitting on the bed, laughing when she walked in.  “What’s so funny?”  Mae asked, putting her hands on her hips and tapping her foot, waiting for a reply.
“I thought you were asleep.  We were just talking about Mr. Casanova…I mean Aidan,” Gemma laughed. She gestured for Mae to sit with them on the bed.  “How are you holding up?” she asked, her brow furrowed with concern.
Mae remained standing by the door.  “I came to ask Meredith to put a sleep spell on me.  I can’t sleep; every time I close my eyes I think of Beck,” she moaned, holding back her tears.
Meredith and Gemma both got up and put their arms around her in a group hug.  Mae hated being such a whiner.  It was not a role she felt comfortable in and this whole pity party was not working for her.  She simply wanted to sleep through her emotional agony and try to get over it at some future date.
“I will put you to sleep.  You don’t mind if Gemma and I stay up and talk?” Meredith asked her leading the way down the hall and back to Mae’s room.
“I don’t mind.  In fact I’m glad you’ve become friends, because I don’t know what I would do if I lost either one of you.  It’s ironic how the one man in this house, that we all love to hate, has brought you girls together.”  Mae crawled back into bed and tried to relax while Meredith worked her magic.  Her mind went completely blank as she drifted to sleep.
Gemma watched Meredith work her spell.  “How long will your spell work?” Gemma asked.
“I hope the entire night, but with Mae you never can tell.  She’s very different from the rest of us witches.”  Meredith walked around the side of the bed and turned off the lamp before she and Gemma went back to Gemma’s room to finish their conversation about Aidan.

~~~***~~~

“I don’t know how you managed to date him no less than ten times and for three years straight!” Gemma squealed while sitting with her legs crossed on the bed.
Meredith was walking around the room when she confessed, “Were it not for Helen, I think I would have gone after Beck instead.”  She stopped cold in her tracks, realizing the error of her words.
Gemma gave her a puzzled look.  “Who is Helen?”  She asked, hugging her pillow waiting for the response.
Meredith realized she had just opened a can of worms and it would not be easy to explain without creating more damage.  She sat on the edge of the bed with one leg curled under her and the other still on the floor, looking at Gemma pensively.  “I guess I need to start at the beginning, if you are to fully understand,” she sighed.  “How is your Greek mythology?”
“The story of Beck and Helen goes back to the days just prior to the Trojan War.  His name had been Paris in those days.  The Veshtu had become the gods of Greece and Rome at the time and they enjoyed meddling in the lives of their half-breed children.  It was at the wedding banquet of a friend when most of Beck’s troubles began.”
“One of the Veshtu named Eris was left off the wedding list because she had a tendency to cause strife. She was insulted by this slight and plotted her revenge.  During the banquet, Eris threw the Apple of Discord engraved with the word Kallisti- “for the most beautiful one” in front of the three most prominent female Veshtu….Hera who was the wife of their leader, Zeus; Athena, the tactician and strategist of the Veshtu; and Aphrodite, the scientist in charge of the breeding program and the most beautiful Veshtu of all. With no humility, the three goddesses allowed their vanity to take over and an argument ensued as to whom the Apple was meant for.  Zeus was asked to settle their argument, but he feared it would cause chaos if he, their leader, chose a winner.  He delegated the task to Paris, the most intelligent and handsome among the half-breeds.”
The goddesses each attempted to bribe poor Paris; Hera offered him the realms of Europe and Asia. Paris knew that retaining ownership of the land was not guaranteed, so he passed on it.  Next came the bribe of wisdom and skill in battle offered by Athena. Paris was already more intelligent than most of his peers and as a herdsman, he had no need for skill in battle, so he also passed on Athena’s offer.  The last bribe was from Aphrodite, who offered him the love of the most beautiful woman on earth…Helen of Sparta.  This seemed like an odd bribe to Paris since vampires are not known to dabble in love.”
“Love is not logical and goes against their nature, but Paris had once allowed his human half to rule his life and still remembered what it was like to be loved.  He also knew the pain and emptiness of lost love, especially at the hands of death.  So, Paris struck a deal with Aphrodite.  He would accept Aphrodite’s bribe of Helen’s love and proclaim her the winner, but in return Aphrodite had to promise that Helen’s conscience would continue to be reborn in a different body upon her death.  Paris never wanted to feel the pain of loss again.”
“The one thing Aphrodite failed to mention was that Helen was married to the king of Sparta and Paris would have to kidnap her.  Thus began the Trojan War.”  Meredith paused for a second before explaining that Helen had returned in Mae’s body.
“Beck started the Trojan War?”  Gemma was visibly intrigued as she asked her question.  “But in the books, Paris dies and Helen winds up back with her husband in Sparta.”
Meredith shifted her legs under her.  “Yes, he did and with the assistance of Aidan they were able to steal Helen.  As far as the written word, we tend to bend the truth to fit our needs.  We don’t want humans to find out they have immortals living among them, so we sometimes pen our own deaths to hide the truth.”
“What does all of this have to do with Mae?”
Meredith paused; this was the part she dreaded answering.  “Mae is Helen’s host, but Helen is not able to take over Mae’s consciousness because she is not human.”
Gemma furrowed her brow and shuddered. “You mean Mae could eventually become Helen?  Is that why Beck keeps her close?  If it is, I don’t like this situation at all.” Gemma got up and started to pace the room.
Meredith watched Gemma walk circles around the room.  “When Beck went to meet Mae for the first time he assumed that Helen had already taken over which is why he left the bar that night in a hurry.  But it did not take him long to fall in love with Mae and it wasn’t because of Helen.  He battled his conscience over this very issue to the point of almost killing himself.  That is when he decided it was Mae that he wanted, and not Helen.” Meredith was fidgeting as she tried to explain what Beck had confided to her.
Gemma stopped pacing and sat on the edge of the bed near Meredith.  “How do we stop Helen from surfacing?”
“Beck asked me the same question,” Meredith explained.  “And like I told him, I haven’t a clue as to how to remove Helen.  I’m afraid that whatever mechanism Aphrodite put in place those thousands of years ago, is far beyond our comprehension.  Please understand that this was not something Beck ever had control over…he did not choose to make Mae, Helen’s host.  All he did was fall in love with Mae after the fact.”
“Why hasn’t he told Mae about Helen?”
“He’s afraid she would leave him.  You saw what kind of chaos that created today.  Look Gemma, Beck is a good man and wouldn’t do anything to hurt Mae; you have to understand what he is giving up to be with her…He and Helen have been together for thirty-five hundred years and it was not an easy choice for him to let her go; not to mention the fact that he’s been off the dating market since the Trojan War and hasn’t a clue what to do,” she laughed, stretching her legs across the bed next to Gemma.
“I just don’t want anything to happen to Mae.  I hate to add to her confusion, but she needs to know about Helen.  This is her life we’re talking about.”  Gemma threw herself back on the bed and lay down.
“I told Beck the same thing and he promised he would tell her when he thought she was ready for the truth,” Meredith sighed.




Chapter 10


"Mae, wake up!"  Gemma said, shaking the edge of the bed. "I have to leave in an hour,” she bellowed, shaking the bed again.
Mae sat up and yawned.  "What time is it?" she asked, climbing out of bed and stretching.
"Time for you to get up," Gemma answered, looking tired and unrested.
“Gemma and Meredith must have stayed up all night talking,” Mae thought, snatching her clothes from the dresser and walking into the bathroom.  Gemma followed her and took a seat at the vanity.
Gemma looked at herself in the mirror and poked the puffy circles under her eyes.  "Did you sleep well, Mae?"
Still feeling groggy from the sleeping spell, Mae replied, "Yes, I slept well, which is apparently more than you did. How late did you and Meredith stay up?" Mae wished she had been in a happier state of mind to join them last night.
Gemma turned to look at Mae as she brushed her teeth.  "By the time we were ready to turn down for the night, Donald called to let us know that Alexis arrived," Gemma said, grimacing in concern for her friend.
Gemma was giving Mae a contemplative look.  "What's wrong?" Mae asked, causing toothpaste to run down the sides of her mouth.
Gemma sighed, "Leaving you here with Alexis worries me enough to almost cancel my flight.  Were it not for the fact that I trust Meredith, I don't think I’d be able to leave."
Mae slipped on her jeans and t-shirt as they walked out of the bathroom.  "Is she really that bad?"
“Let’s just say, that little rumor about her being able to make Aidan cry…I no longer have any doubt that it’s true.”

~~~***~~~

 Mae entered the kitchen and could see a beautiful young woman sitting at the table.  She was dressed in olive cargo shorts, a black tank and looked like Lara Croft from Tomb Raider with a red braid hanging down her back.  "You must be Alexis?  I'm Mae," she said, reaching out to shake her hand.
Alexis eyed Mae warily while they shook hands.  "Hello Mae, nice to meet you.  It looks like we’ll be spending a lot of time together.  Do you know how to shoot?"
Mae raised her brow wondering if Alexis’ question was just a jest. "Are you American?" she asked, trying to avoid answering Alexis’ question.
"Yes, that is where I spend most of my time.  Beck flew me in last night; he said it was an emergency," she replied nonchalantly, shrugging her shoulders at her importance.  "Hey Mere, did you get the equipment that I needed from Beck?"
"Yes, I'll get it for you."  Meredith got up and left the room.
"What are you planning to teach me?" Mae questioned, taking the seat across from Alexis at the table.
Meredith reentered the room carrying several holstered guns and knives. "Everything you requested should be here," Meredith stated, laying the weapons on the table.
Alexis grinned, picking up one of the guns and chambering the bullet.  "I'm going to teach you how to defend yourself."  She holstered the gun, stood and strapped it to her hip.
She was much shorter than Gemma and Meredith, who each had modelesque statures, but lean and athletically built.   It was hard to imagine that this petite girl was the same person that was known to bring Aidan to tears. "I thought you were a witch?" Mae asked in a confused tone.
Alexis laughed, "I'm the deadliest witch you’ll ever meet and I owe Beck big time, that’s why I’m here.  By the way, where is his royal hotness?"  She looked around the room as if the mere mention of him would bring him sauntering in.
Mae was jealous at the ease in which Alexis seem to carry herself and her blatant casualness to Beck’s appearance.  It had never occurred to Mae that so many witches were attracted to Beck and she wondered why none of them had ever caught his eye.  “He’s in Dublin, until this afternoon,” Mae disclosed, causing her mind to instantly refocus on their being apart, making her heart ache for him.
“I need to go or I’ll miss my flight,” Gemma stated, removing herself from the table and grabbing her overnight bag with Mae following her to the front door.  “Mae, there is something you need to ask Beck when he gets back…Ask him about Helen.”  She stepped through the front door of the house and handed Donald her overnight bag. He carefully loaded it in the trunk along with her other luggage, then walked around the side of the car and opened the backdoor for Gemma.
Mae hugged Gemma goodbye as she got into the back seat of Beck’s Bentley.  “Who is Helen?” she asked curiously.
Gemma smiled, a single tear rolled down her face.  She looked down at her lap for a second then back up at Mae, as if to avoid answering the question.  “Just ask him,” was the last thing she said before Donald closed the back door of the car and drove away.
Gunfire could be heard coming from the back lawn.  Mae walked around there to find Alexis pointing a rifle at Meredith.  Before she had a chance to ask what was going on, Alexis fired her weapon.  Mae panicked and rushed Alexis, which was a big mistake.  She had Mae on the ground with a knife at her throat before Mae could even lay a finger on her. Meredith yelled across the lawn, “Alexis! Stand down!  We should have told her we were practicing before you started shooting.”  Alexis withdrew the knife from Mae’s throat, stood up and sheathed it.
Mae let out the deep breath she had been holding. “Sorry, I didn’t know what was happening.  You could hurt someone with that thing,” she added, pointing at the gun on the ground.
“No shit, Sherlock!  What the fuck were you thinking jumping me from behind?” Alexis exclaimed, scolding Mae like she was a naughty child.
“I didn’t want you to kill Meredith is what I was thinking!” Mae yelled back in defense.
“Well simmer down pork chop, Meredith is just fine which is more than I can fucking say for your dumb ass if you ever sneak the hell up on me like that again.  I was about to slit your God damn throat.”  Alexis picked up the rifle from off the ground, put it over her shoulder and walked away.
Looking at Meredith as she gave Mae her hand to help her up, Mae jeered, “Does she always have such a potty mouth?”
	“They don’t call her Tourette’s for nothing,” Meredith laughed, helping Mae brush the grass and dirt off her back.  “Don’t take it personally; she is like that to everyone but Beck.  She has a bit of a soft spot for him.”
They walked to the patio table where Alexis was reloading the rifle. “What were you and Alexis practicing?” Mae inquired.
“Self-defense against bullets, something you will need to learn and soon.  Alexis is the best teacher I know as far as teaching survival and believe it or not, a loyal friend.  You just have to get used to her ways,” Meredith explained.
Alexis stood with her hands on her hips, waiting for them to join her.  “Today we might need to start off with a little hand to hand.  Beck tells me you’re half vampire; if that’s true, you should have been able to put up a better fight, Mae.  You have the advantage of speed and strength, plus the ability to heal yourself rapidly.  Anything less than a 50 mil automatic shouldn’t even faze you,” Alexis surmised, checking the gun on her hip and flipped on the safety.
“Can we get some breakfast first?”  Mae’s stomach became unsettled at the thought of hand to hand combat with Alexis. Vampire or not, the bitch scared the hell out of her.
“That sounds like a great idea.  I can’t think on an empty stomach,” Meredith chimed in.
Alexis threw her hands up in the air.  “What a bunch of fucking little cupcakes you two are!  How am I supposed to get anything done if you’re going to waste my time eating?”
Alexis was sitting at the kitchen table brooding while they ate.  Meredith was looking exhausted from staying up all night and Mae was not anxious to start any lessons with Alexis.  “I need to get on her good side or the next few weeks are going to be unbearable,” Mae thought.   “Alexis, how long have you known Meredith and Beck?”
“Well, I met Aidan first about thirty years ago.  He and I dated for a couple of weeks, but it was Beck that I was attracted to.  Meredith was a friend of theirs and on the Witches Council, so we’ve known each other for far longer.  It was not until I almost killed Aidan that Meredith and I became friends.”  She leaned back in the chair and put her hands behind her neck only inches away from the rifle strapped to her back.
Mae was startled by the sound of her cell phone ringing.  It was Beck, so she answered it quickly. “Hello, handsome, I hope you’re calling with good news.”
“I am just wrapping things up here, I have one more phone call to make then I will be on my way back home.  Is Alexis there yet? I need to talk to her.”
Mae handed the phone to Alexis. “Beck wants to talk to you.”  She was feeling jealous, like there was something secretive going on between them.
“’Sup Beck? We were just deciding what to start with, hand to hand or stopping bullets.”  She talked to him with a certain ease and confidence that Mae found lacking.
“Start with stopping bullets, I will be home soon and will work with her on hand to hand.  Make sure to use the rubber bullets.  I do not know how well she can heal herself yet and I do not want any accidents happening in my absence,” Beck told Alexis.
“Roger, rubber bullets.  Is that all you have for me?”
“It is for now.”
Alexis handed the phone back to Mae and pursed her lips.  “Your boyfriend sure does know how to spoil a good time,” she sneered, getting up from the table, removing the rifle from her back and unloading it.
“Mae, I just wanted to let you know I will be home in about three hours.  Let Meredith know and ask her to find you some clothes to spar in.”  He needed to teach her to protect herself, but he also longed to be close to her and this was a way to accomplish both.
“With whom am I going to spar?” she inquired, hoping it would not be Alexis.  She scared the crap out of her.
“You and I are going to spar when I get home.  I need to make this last call so I can get out of here.  I love you, Mae,” he paused waiting for her response.
“I miss you, Beck, bye and be safe.”  Once again, she missed another chance to tell him she loved him too.  She folded the phone and hung up.  “Meredith, Beck wanted me to let you know he’ll be home in about three hours and to find me some sparring clothes.”  Mae’s heart longed for Beck and three hours still seemed like an eternity.
“Alexis you only have an hour to work with her before she has to get ready for Beck’s arrival.”  Meredith sounded hurried as she gave her orders.

~~~***~~~

Beck called Nikola with Mae’s DNA test.  The experiments that he was currently running would be to benefit humans, witches, and vampires alike.  A method for merging all of the races for good, to prevent anymore fighting and to allow all three races to evolve and take their places among the stars and their ancestors.  It was not until the end of their conversation that Beck realized the mistake he had made in telling Nikola of Mae’s DNA results.  “The prospect of tainting vampire genes with witch’s blood is enough to start a war among us, Beck.  If word gets out about it, she is as good as dead.”  Nikola’s words kept replaying in his head on the entire flight home.

~~~***~~~

“Are you ready Mae?” Alexis shouted across the lawn, carefully aiming her gun filled with rubber bullets.
“As ready as I’ll ever be,” Mae answered, focusing her energy into a parabola at the coming projectile.  It was harder than making walls or shields and its swiftness made her adrenalin rush every time she heard the sound of the bullet leaving the gun.  Mae could stop a rubber bullet, but only if she knew where it was coming from.  Could she be quick enough if the shooter was hidden from view, using real bullets, which were faster than the rubber ones?  The bullet dropped to the ground twenty feet in front of her.
“Way to go, Mae!” Alexis smiled, knowing she had done her job in less than an hour.  She motioned for Mae to follow her on to the patio.  “We’ll work on this some more later.  I want to see you stopping real bullets by the end of the week.”
Meredith was yelling across the lawn for Alexis to wrap things up.  She had orders from Gemma to make Mae beautiful before Beck got home and after spending an hour chasing bullets, Mae was in dire need of a shower for starters.
They could hear the sound of the helicopter landing.  Beck was finally back and Mae rushed onto the patio, waiting for him to debark.  Meredith helped her get ready for his arrival as per Gemma’s orders.  She was wearing a white sundress that she purchased the day before with beautiful roses etched on it and cute, strappy white sandals.   As soon as she saw him climb out, she ran to greet him, throwing her arms around his neck and kissing him.  His arms slipped around her waist, pulling her close, his mouth encompassing hers with urgency as they lost themselves in each other for that moment.  They pulled back and gazed into one another’s eyes as the blades of the helicopter stopped moving.
“Get a room already!” Alexis yelled from the patio when they resumed their kiss.
“I think we have been caught.  I have missed you so much, my love,” Beck whispered in her ear, his warm breath on her neck sending blood rushing to her core.
“I missed you, too,” she whispered back as they headed for the house, his arm around her waist while they walked. Mae felt as if her heart would burst with joy now that he was home.
“Hello Beck, good to see you again.”  Alexis held out her hand and shook his.
“It is good to see you too.  I have not told Aidan of your arrival so he will be surprised when he returns from Dublin later today.  He chose to drive back instead of flying,” Beck explained, making their way into the house.
“Can I borrow the helo?  Meredith and I wanted to fly up to Shannon for the rest of the day and do a little shopping,” Alexis inquired.
Beck knew the real reason for their trip.  It was to give he and Mae some private time.  “Are you going to fly it yourself or do you want a pilot?”
“You know I love borrowing your big boy toys; of course I’m going to fly it myself,” she declared assuredly, winking at him.
“Just try and bring it back in one piece this time,” Beck laughed.
Alexis smiled and hugged him like a teenager borrowing her dad’s car. “I will do my best, and for the record, it wasn’t entirely my fault.  Aidan let go of the aircraft’s stick when I wrapped my lips around his,” she offered, feigning innocence.
Beck laughed out loud at her comment.  “At least I do not have to worry about that happening again.  You girls have fun.”
Soon they were gone, leaving Beck and Mae alone for the rest of the day.  “You look beautiful, Mae. Is this one of the dresses you bought yesterday?”
“Yes, Gemma and Meredith did a wonderful job picking out clothes for me.  I take it you like?” Mae asked, doing one of Gemma’s model poses as she sucked in her cheeks.
“I would like it better if it were crumpled on the floor of the bedroom.”  He raised his eyebrows and winked, then put his arms around her waist.
Mae grinned and hugged his neck, “Would you now, Mr. Worthington?”
“Yes, I would, Miss Fletcher.  First you need to learn self-defense.”
She backed out of his arms, “Oh my freaking God!  I’m so sick of all the self-defense crap.  Can’t it wait until tomorrow?” she grunted.
“No it cannot wait, so go get changed and meet me in the gym,” Beck commanded.
Mae was less than thrilled to be in the gym.  Her only consolation was the fact that she and Beck were alone.  Beck was standing in the center of a matted floor, shirtless in a pair of black martial art pants and swinging a couple of wooden swords around when Mae approached.  “Are you ready to get this over with?  Because I sure am,” Mae said in a disgruntled voice, approaching him on the mat.  
Beck handed her one of the swords.  “I thought you would enjoy this.  You did say you studied Tahtib and I figured it would be better than letting Alexis teach you.”
As soon as she gripped the handle, Beck swung and she blocked.  It was not long before they had gotten into a rhythm, she could almost anticipate each of his moves before he made them.  Her speed was faster than ever and he soon quit holding back and swung full force, shattering both swords into splinters when she tried to block him.
“You are far better than I thought you would be,” he commended while disengaging a couple sets of metal swords from the wall.  “These are traditional, ancient Egyptian battle swords called sais’.  You hold one in each hand and use the small blades on each side to block,” he said, handing her a set of swords.
The blades looked sharp and she didn’t like the idea of getting hit with one, especially knowing the immense strength behind it.  “I’m scared to use these, Beck,” holding the blades out in front of her, between her finger and thumb, as if they were something grotesque.
“Do not be.  After what I just saw with the wooden swords, you are more than ready to use sais’.  I will start slowly and let you set the pace, okay?”
“Okay.”
Once again, they swung at each other, it seemed like second nature to her.  Something about the sais’ made them feel like they belonged in her hand.  Beck started to increase his speed and force, but she matched his every move.  They were like an ancient forgotten dance, moving in rhythm to the music of the blades singing as they hit each other.  The world around them suddenly blurred and Mae found herself flat on her back with Beck on top of her, both of them breathless.  The one sai she had left in her hand was pressed firmly at his neck and a small trickle of blood dripped on her.  She withdrew her blade from his neck and slid it across the floor.  The sight of his blood overwhelmed her with erotic thoughts as his legs straddled her hips.  She was on the edge of losing control when he leaned closer and kissed her softly on the lips.  She licked the blood off his neck where the wound had already healed and wanted more.  His hardness began to press against her and she could feel his pulse pounding.
He got off her quickly then helped her up.  “How did you learn how to fight that way?”
“I don’t know.  It was like I could sense your every move before you made it.  I’m so aroused right now, I can’t think straight.  Licking the blood off your neck was almost orgasmic,” she confessed, still out of breath from sparring.
“You are not the only one randy at the moment.  You almost made me cum, that is why I got up so quickly.  I think we could both use a shower and some lunch.  Then we can spend the rest of the day in bed.”
“Why did you stop?”  We were both on the edge of sexual bliss,” she pointed out.
He hung his head down and squeezed her hand in his.  “I almost lost control of myself Mae and I can be a real monster when I lose control.  I just do not want to hurt you,” he admitted.
Mae grinned at him and raised his chin so he could look at her.  “Beck, can’t you see, I am a monster too.  I wanted to drink from you.  It wasn’t enough just to taste that small drop of blood that was drying on your neck.  I wanted to wrap my legs around your waist while you fucked me so hard against the wall I could feel my bones giving way.”
Beck was surprised at her explicitness. “I just do not want to be an animal when I am with you.  I love you Mae,” he told her, looking into her eyes.
Mae could see into the depths of his soul, his declaration too honest to remain unacknowledged any longer.  “I love you too,” Mae admitted, finally voicing what her heart had known for weeks.  It felt like a heavy burden lifted.
Beck smiled, “Do you truly mean that?”  He pulled her into his arms and held her like she might escape or change her mind if he let go.
“Yes. I mean it.  I’ve been in love with you since we first drove here…I just couldn’t bring myself to admit it to you,” she sighed, glad to finally let him know how she felt.
They laughed as he swung her around.  “This is the happiest day of my life!  At least until you marry me,” he corrected himself.
His eyes sparkled with joy which made him even more appealing, as he put her back on her feet. “Baby steps, Beck, baby steps,” Mae softly reminded him.  There was so much more she wanted to know about him.
True to Beck’s word, they showered, lunched, and spent the rest of the day in bed.  They just lay in each other’s arms, exhausted from several hours of unbridled love making.  Mae thought about what Gemma said “Ask him about Helen.”  She debated the thought, wondering if this was something she wanted to know the answer to.
“Mae, is there something wrong?  You seem to be lost in thought.”
She inhaled deeply and blurted out, “Who is Helen?”
Beck sighed and ran his fingers through his hair.  His long silence let her know that this was something he would rather forget altogether.  He finally broke down and told her the whole story from beginning to end.  Mae felt completely betrayed; tears flowed down her face as her heart broke.
“Get out!” she screamed at him, still naked in his bed.
“Mae, calm down.  Please, I love you more than life itself. I chose you Mae, not Helen,” he pleaded.
“How can I trust a man who would trade my existence to use my body for another?  Now get out!” Mae demanded, throwing one of the priceless figurines from the nightstand at him.
He dodged the statue, backing towards the door.  “Mae, I beg you.”  Tears were streaming down his face, the pain of their raw emotions filled the air.
“I never want to see you again!”  Mae screamed at him, throwing his engagement ring at him then slamming the door in his face as he exited the room.
Beck leaned against the door crying.  His anger at himself overcame him and he punched a hole in the wall, screaming in anguish.  Mae sat on the bed curled up with her arms wrapped around her knees.  She cried so hard she felt gutted, and to make things worse, she was feeling empty in his absence.  She was alone with no one to talk to, not even the housekeeper to lend an ear.  Nausea overtook her suddenly, causing her to run to the bathroom.

~~~***~~~

Aidan walked into the gym where Beck had been breaking and punching things for the past hour.  Beck’s hands had been broken and rebroken so many times; they looked like they’d been through a meat grinder.  He was just about to hit the concrete wall again when Aidan grabbed his friend from behind and stopped him.
“What in the hell happened?  I was driving up the road and got hit with a wall of emotion so painful, I had to stop the car before I wrecked it,” Aidan told him.
Beck sat down on a stack of mats, his eyes red and swollen, trying to explain everything to Aidan.  “She said she loved me!” he whimpered as if in a trance.
Aidan raised an eyebrow in confusion, “I thought that was a good thing.”
“It is, but then I told her about Helen and now she never wants to see me again.”
“Where is she now, Beck?  I need to check on her.”  Aidan was still reeling from the onslaught of emotions from Mae and Beck.
“I left her in my bedroom.  You have to do something Aidan, I love her.”
Aidan left Beck to find Mae, not knowing what he was going to say to her, but sure it was not good for her to be alone.  To his relief, he could hear the helicopter land.  Meredith and Alexis rushed into the house.  "Aidan what in god’s name is going on?  Alexis almost crashed the helicopter as soon as she got near the house!" exclaimed Meredith.
"Beck told Mae about Helen and she didn’t take it very well.  I just got in a few minutes ago and heard Beck screaming at himself in the gym. He is an absolute mess right now.  I was just going to check on Mae, but then I heard the helicopter.  I think she would rather talk to you than another man at this moment."
"I will check in on her, you stay with Beck.  Alexis can you put a bubble around the house before they take down a plane," Meredith advised.
“It looks like they’re on one side on the house, so I’ll keep the bubble on that side.  That way the rest of us can have some peace and quiet on the other side.”  Alexis sat on the couch and started to weave her spell.
Meredith made her way to Beck’s bedroom where she could hear sobbing through the door.  She knocked first not wanting to intrude. “Mae, its Meredith, may I come in?” 
Mae didn’t answer her, so she knocked again.  “Mae, if you don’t answer me I am coming in anyway,” Meredith threatened, using magic to unlock the door.
“Come in,” Mae conceded softly.
Meredith opened the door and sat on the edge of the bed next to her.  She put her arms around Mae in a motherly hug.  “Want to talk about it?”
“How could he, Mere?  How could he take my life from me?”  Mae had cried so much, the tears no longer came as she desperately tried to analyze her situation.
“Mae, you have to understand.  Beck had no control over any of this and neither does Helen.  They were destined to be together a long time ago.  They didn’t choose for Helen to come back in your body.  He has been in love with Helen for over thirty five hundred years and then you came into his life and turned it upside down.  He loves you Mae, and not because Helen is trapped inside of you.  I have never seen him so happy.  The only thing he is guilty of is not telling you about Helen sooner, but he was afraid that you would leave if he did.  So he decided to keep it a secret until he thought you were ready.”
“Did everyone but me know about Helen?” Mae’s voice was laced with anger, pulling away from Meredith.
“I told Gemma last night by accident.  She understood Beck’s reason, but didn’t agree with it.  So, she told you to ask him. The whole of vampires and witches knows the love story of Helen and Paris…aka Beck.  You need to forgive him Mae, he almost killed himself making the decision to love you and forsake Helen.  He knew one day that he might have to make a choice between the two of you and he chose you.  What more could you ask of him?”
“Nothing, now that you have explained it to me that way,” she sighed.  Mae wanted to hate him, but couldn’t and she regretted the fact that she had not allowed him to explain.  She knew none of it was his fault, but it still hurt to be led here under false pretenses.
“I think you two need to talk before he does something stupid and irreversible.  Aidan tells me Beck has been punching the walls downstairs.  His hands are shattered into a thousand pieces and he refuses to let them heal.”
“I’m not ready to talk to him yet.  I need some time to think.”  Mae’s mind was ready to forgive him, but her heart still ached.
Meredith smiled, “Just promise me you won’t leave him without talking to him first.  Alexis and I are going to Killarney tomorrow.  Why don’t you join us?  It will give you a chance to clear your head.”
“Alright Mere, I won’t leave, I promise and a trip with the girls sounds great…I need to get out of here.”  Mae planned to call Gemma later.   Gemma always knew what to do when it came to men and Mae needed her now more than ever.  “I wish she hadn’t left,” Mae thought to herself.
“Now that that is settled, I will have some food brought up.  You look like hell, so I suggest a hot soak in that swimming pool Beck calls a tub,” she laughed.
“A hot bath sounds wonderful…will you stay and keep me company?  I could use a friend right now.”  Mae got up and started to run the water.
Meredith opened the cabinet under the sink and pulled out a bottle of lavender oil and handed it to her. “I’ll come back after I check on Beck.”

~~~***~~~

Meredith went to the gym to talk to Aidan and Beck.  Things finally quieted down emotionally and Alexis removed the bubble.  “Beck, she has agreed to stay, all she wants is a little time before she talks to you.”  Meredith looked at the mess of broken bones that were previously Beck’s beautiful hands.  “You’re going to need help fixing them,” she said pointing at the bloody mess.
“I know,” Beck hung his head in shame.
“Let me get help,” she said and was out the door before Beck had a chance to protest.  She returned a few minutes later.  “Mae has agreed to help on one condition.  You are not to look at her or try to talk to her.  Do you agree?”
Beck was shaking his head.  “I do not want her to see me like this, Mere.”
“Beck,” she said softly.  “You need her now more than ever and she needs you, but is too stubborn to let you know.  Please let her help,” Meredith pleaded.
“Okay, I agree to the terms,” he sneered, gritting his teeth.
When Mae saw his hands, she gasped.  How could he have done this to himself?  It took hours to mend his broken hands.  He sat there in silent pain as they worked.  By the time they were through, Mae was completely drained and ready to pass out.  She went to the kitchen and ate some soup and hot rolls.  Afterwards, she went straight to bed, too exhausted to even dream.



Chapter 11


In spite of her exhaustion, off and on during the night, Mae could feel Beck’s presence through the door that separated their bedrooms.  His sadness kept interrupting her sleep, leaving her restless.  She planned to talk to him the next day, but only after going to Killarney with the girls.  She wanted him to realize there were consequences to his keeping secrets, and she wanted to leave him alone for the day to think about it.
It was a warm sunny day in Killarney, Meredith and Alexis were doing their best to keep the mood light.  It was nice to see that Alexis had a soft feminine side to her; which was actually pleasant to be around.  They all joked about the men in their lives past and present, for some reason, Aidan’s name kept popping up.  It made Mae wonder if Meredith was still in love with him.  Mae’s mind kept drifting back to Beck.  She was missing him and wanted everything to go back to the way it used to be.  Tonight she promised, would be new start for them both and although she forgave him, she needed to establish some rules.  The sun would set soon and they had one more stop before they went home.  Beck asked Meredith to pick up something from one of the jewelry stores.
They walked into the same store Mae had gone to with Beck a couple of weeks earlier.  The diamonds in the case were still singing their songs as she walked passed them on the way to the counter.  The same old man greeted them with a pleasant smile and reached behind the counter for Beck’s packages.
“You must be Mae,” he gestured towards Mae as if awaiting her arrival.
“Yes, I am…” Mae replied curiously.
“Then these are for you,” he relied, handing her the larger of two boxes and a note.
She carefully read the note, which was written in Beck’s hand.

Dearest Mae,
I know it is not exactly like the one your parents gave you, but I hope it reminds you of them just the same.
Beck 

Mae opened the box to find an exact replica of the bug pendant her parents had given her.  The only difference was the stones in this one were real, not glass like the one she lost.  It was beautiful, every diamond shimmering in the light and drawing her into their brilliance.  The old man removed the necklace from the box and put it around her neck.  Mae’s eyes watered at Beck’s thoughtfulness while the old man gave her the second, smaller box and another note.

I saw this and it reminded me of the time I chased you around the bed to get my stick back.
Love, Beck
P.S. Get your mind out of the gutter.

She opened the box and laughed; it was a beautiful art deco style pendant made of green mother of pearl and encrusted with rhinestones.  Eyeing the piece, she realized it was a USB stick and smiled.  It was certainly one of Beck’s more thoughtful gifts which made her long to be with him.
“What a beautiful necklace Mae!  It looks exactly like the one you lost,” Meredith gushed, admiring the pendant hanging from Mae’s neck as they walked out of the shop.  Suddenly, gunshots rang out and pitch darkness was all that Mae knew.
Alexis stood stunned, shielding herself from the onslaught of bullets that rained down on them.  Soon, everything went quiet and she had a chance to assess the condition of her friends, both lying on the ground completely motionless.  Meredith took a shot to the shoulder and most likely endured a concussion from hitting the ground so hard.  Mae however, had two gunshots wounds to the head. Alexis pulled out her phone and called for help as her friends’ blood started to pool on the ground.
The ambulances arrived and paramedics were astounded that Mae was still alive.  Alexis called Aidan to tell him the news.  “Aidan, it’s Alexis, I need for you and Beck to meet me at the hospital in Dublin.  Meredith and Mae have been shot and it doesn’t look good, they’re being Medevac’d.  I’m following the assassin as we speak and hope to have answers when I get to Dublin.”
Aidan’s voiced trembled, “How is Meredith?”
“Not too bad.  One bullet to the shoulder and a concussion; she should be able to heal most of it herself.  Mae is not doing as well, so I need for you to keep Beck calm until we can get some answers,” Alexis continued to track the shooter; she felt it was the least she could do.  Her guilt began to manifest at her inability to protect all of them.
“We should be there within the hour.”  Aidan hung up the phone, pausing in his search for a good way to tell Beck.
Beck watched Aidan’s face go from pale to white and immediately sensed that something was amiss.  “What is going on, Aidan?” he demanded.
“There has been an accident and we need to get to Dublin right now,” Aidan said calmly.
Beck was already on the phone. “I want the helicopter ready to leave in five minutes,” he ordered, turning back to Aidan and anxiously inquiring, “What kind of accident?”
“Alexis only said that Mae and Meredith are being Medevac’d to Dublin as we speak.”  Aidan hated to lie, but he feared Beck’s reaction if he knew the truth that they’d been shot.
Beck tried to reach Alexis while the pilot flew them to Dublin.  “She must have turned off her phone because it keeps going to voice mail,” he growled.

~~~***~~~

It would be hours before Mae came out of surgery.  Beck sat patiently in the waiting room with Aidan and Meredith.  His mind was running a marathon trying to process the whole situation.
Aidan sat next to Meredith on a couch. “How is the shoulder feeling, Mere?” he asked, trying to make small talk.
“It hurts like hell, but the painkillers are taking the edge off.”  Meredith leaned back against Aidan’s chest.  He gently put his arm around her, being careful not to touch her injured shoulder.
“I wish I was better at healing; maybe Alexis can help when she gets here,” he offered.
Beck got up and started to pace the floor.  “She should have been able to heal herself by now.  What could be taking the surgeons so long?”  He stopped, took a deep breath and ran his hands through his hair.  “I will kill whoever did this,” he stated stoically as an eerie calm set upon him.  “Where is the damn nurse?” he yelled, his emotions resuming control.
Aidan walked over to him and put his hand on Beck’s shoulder.  “Alexis will find out who did this, you need to stay calm before they throw you out of here.”  Aidan sat Beck down next to Meredith.  She held his hand, reminding him he was not alone.
The door opened, one of the doctors walked in and Beck jumped up to meet him.  “How is she?”
“Both of the bullets went all the way through her cranium cleanly.  The only thing we could do was remove the bone fragments and try to keep pressure off the brain from the swelling.  She is in the ICU in a drug-induced coma until we feel it’s safe for her to wake up.  Her vitals seem to be holding steady for now.  It’s a miracle she’s even alive.”
Beck nervously exhaled, like he had been holding his breath during the entire time the doctor spoke. “May I see her?”
“I was just headed that way if you care to follow me,” the doctor answered, gesturing towards the door.
“If you don’t mind, I’m going to take Meredith to your townhouse so she can rest,” said Aidan
“Thanks for staying with me,” Beck said to Meredith before he turned towards the door and followed the doctor.
Beck’s heart dropped when he saw Mae, she was almost unrecognizable.  Her eyes were black where the blood had pooled under the skin from the trauma.  Her long, beautiful, brown hair was all gone and replaced with what seemed to be yards of gauze wrapped around her head.  There were tubes and wires everywhere.  Beck stood in the doorway, motionless watching the doctor check everything carefully.
“It’s okay to go in and sit next to her,” one of the ICU nurses said from behind him.
He sat in the chair next to the bed clasping her cold lifeless hand.  Anger built up inside of him once more as the nurse and doctor walked out.  They were alone and the room was dark, save an emergency light in the bathroom.  He was emotionally drained.  Their argument from the night before was the last thing he said to her and it terrified him that she might pass without forgiving him.
The tears he fought to hold back began to flow as a quiet voice invaded his mind…Paris.  It whispered several times before he looked up and saw the ghostly image of Helen floating in front of him.  It was as if she were made of sheer light, irradiating the room in her soft glow.  It was the face of the woman he first fell in love with thousands of years ago but in a more ethereal form.  “Helen, what are you doing outside Mae’s body?”  He was nervous talking to her, wondering if she were aware of his betrayal and love for Mae.
She smiled, “My dearest Paris,” using the name she had known him by when they first met.  “My time here is short and I have come to say goodbye.”
“Helen, what do you mean ‘good-bye’?  You promised that this time we would be together forever.”  All of his feelings for Helen came rushing in like a rogue wave, engulfing him.
“I have spent too many years toiling over my own existence, Paris.  Every time I returned to a new body, part of my soul would disappear into theirs…I no longer choose to live this way despite the curse from Aphrodite.  It is time for me to walk into the light and continue my journey.”
“You cannot leave me Helen, I need you,” Beck pleaded with her.
“What of Mae?  Is she nothing to you?”
Beck sat silently, unable to truthfully answer the question.
“She is your soul mate Beck,” Helen added, using his current name.  “I have been witness to all that binds you together…She is everything I could never be to you.  You have lived, laughed, and loved more in the last few months with her, than we have in our eternity and I am glad you have finally found true happiness.  It has given me the courage to do what I should have done in the beginning.”
“I love you, Helen,” was all he could think to say.
“I know,” she smiled as she faded into the brightness that illuminated behind her.
Helen was now gone and regardless of the weight that was lifted off his shoulders it still pained him to let her go.  He laid his head on Mae’s chest and sobbed to the sound of Mae’s beating heart.

~~~***~~~

Alexis crept quietly through the door of Mae’s ICU room.  Beck appeared to be asleep lying across Mae’s chest until the sound of the door closing startled him and he sat back up in his chair.  He looked almost as hellish as Mae, his eyes red and swollen from crying and lack of sleep.  His usual ridged proper demeanor was now reduced to an exhausted man slumped over in his chair as she walked up to him.
She took his hand in hers and placed three bullets in it.  “They are silver-plated, I took them off a poor farmer so enthralled with a compulsion spell that he had no idea what he had done.  She’s lucky they went straight through; otherwise she would be dead already.  Meredith contacted one of the doctors, a warlock, who told her they are going to start chelation therapy on her soon to remove all the silver from her system.  They are also in the process of gathering other witches to make a healing circle to speed up the healing process.”
Beck realized the gravity of Mae’s situation; silver was caustic to both vampires and witches.  The punishment for making use of it was an automatic death sentence by law in both penal codes. “Do you know who is responsible yet?”
Alexis sighed and leaned against the edge of the bed next to Beck.  “Beck, it was more than just an attack on Mae.  Your research lab has been burnt to the ground and all the files and backups were erased.  Howard is responsible for both, but I believe there is someone on the Council that is pulling the puppet strings.”
Beck exploded, “Howard? Howard did all this?”  He jumped up from the chair and grabbed his coat.  For many years he had trusted Howard, never having had reason not to.
Alexis stood at the door blocking his passage.  “He is not here, Beck.  He left for London hours ago, so have Aidan and Meredith.  She called an emergency Council meeting for tomorrow, but you need to be here with Mae for now.”  She gripped his arms hard, trying to break the trance that had overtaken him.
He sat back down in the chair and put his face in his hands, restraining his anger for Mae’s sake.  Alexis let out a deep breath, relieved he had calmed down, if only for the moment.  They would all have to endure his anger soon enough, but now was not the time. The plan was to keep Beck from doing something that he would later regret and to allow the Witches Council a chance to vindicate the situation.  Howard was a dead man either way.  Alexis put her hand on Beck’s shoulder and he looked up.  
“She was wearing the bug necklace you had made for her and smiling when we left the shop.  It seemed like you were forgiven long before the gifts…I think she just wanted to make a point before she let you know,” Alexis confided to him, hoping to ease his guilt.
Beck smiled slightly and sighed, “I hope you are right.  I love her and it is breaking my heart not knowing,” clasping Mae’s hand tighter in his.
The doctor entered interrupting their conversation.  “Hello, I’m Dr. Thomas,” he said, reaching out to shake Beck’s hand.
Alexis raised an eyebrow, sizing up the handsome, young doctor in front of her.  “Aren’t you a little young to be a doctor?” she inquired.
He leaned over and whispered, “I’m one hundred and sixty-two but don’t tell the other doctors, they think I’m some sort of med school genius,” he laughed.  “I am going to start the chelation treatment right now.  Hopefully we can go in and heal her right afterwards.”
It was obvious the warlock doctor was flirting.  Alexis smiled at him while he hung the bag of chelation fluid and reconnected the IV tubes to it.  “So, Dr. Thomas is there a good place around here to grab some lunch?” she chirped back in an effort to get the doctor’s attention.
“I was just headed down to the cafeteria for lunch if you’d like to join me.  The food is not the best, but it’s not too bad.”
Alexis stopped and looked back as she was leaving. “Beck, are you going to be okay?  You look like you could use a good meal, why don’t you come with us?”  she asked, looking at all the cracker wrappers on the nightstand.  It was obvious he had not eaten a meal since yesterday.
“No, you two go and enjoy your lunch.  I will get something later.”  Beck was waiting for her to leave.  He had business to take care of and didn’t need Alexis’ interference.  As soon as she was gone, he stepped outside and turned his cell phone back on.  It had been off since yesterday evening and there were a ton of messages and voicemails that needed to be answered.  His first call would be to Greg, his head of research at the lab.
“Greg, how bad is it?  Please tell me no one was hurt,” he choked, feeling as if the world were falling down around him.
“When we couldn’t get hold of you, we thought you’d been shot too.  Everyone is okay, but the lab is still burning and there’s little that can be salvaged.  Howard also reformatted the backup hard drives at the data center, rendering them useless.  Your IT people are doing everything they can to salvage even the tiniest piece of information,” Greg relayed.
“I will be at the lab in about thirty minutes.  Have everyone gather in the parking lot so we can discuss employment options while the new lab is being built.”  Beck knew this would be the foremost concern on their minds.
“Yes sir, they will appreciate you coming to talk with them….Sorry to hear about your fiancé; let me know if you need anything,” he sincerely offered.
Beck’s next call was to Aidan.  He was angry with his friend for leaving without telling him.  He sat down on a concrete bench under a large shade tree in a small park just outside the hospital.  The phone rang several times and then went to voice mail.  “Aidan…pick up your damn phone before I go there and personally kick your ass!”  He waited a couple of minutes for Aidan to call.
“I see you have turned your phone back on…How is Mae?” he asked.
“She is stable but not healing thanks to the silver plate on the bullets.  I cannot stay here doing nothing, so I am going to fly out to London first thing in the morning.  I should be at Heathrow by six and your ass better be there to pick me up,” he demanded, anger infusing his voice.
“No need to get snarky Beck, we did what we thought was best.  I am tracking Howard, Meredith is preparing for the Council meeting.  You need to be with Mae right now not on an angry rampage in search of Howard or trying to influence the Council,” Aidan attempted to reason with him.
“Six o’clock Aidan, you are not going to talk me out of it,” Beck repeated, adamant about his decision to go to London.
“Fine…But, you are going to follow my rules when you get here.  I can’t have you here messing up our plans to flush out the others who are responsible.”
Beck let out a deep breath, he didn’t like agreeing to Aidan’s terms, but it looked like it was the only way to accomplish what needed to be done.  “Okay, I give you my word.  I will do whatever you say; just let me do something useful or I will go crazy sitting in this hospital doing nothing for much longer.”
“I understand, my old friend; we are here for you.”
“Thank you Aidan.  I need to get to the lab, I will call you again later…Bye.”  Beck hung-up the phone and walked to his car.

~~~***~~~

The fire department just finished putting out the last of the embers and were rolling up their hoses when Beck arrived.  He stood in the parking lot staring at the charred remains of what was left of his lab.  A small crowd of employees gathered around him.
“I know this is a major blow to our research, but believe me when I say we are like the Phoenix, ready to rise from the ashes.  I have complete faith that we all have it in us to continue our research despite any hindrance of the past trying to prevent us.  You are among the brightest in your fields and I hope you will stay onboard while we rebuild what is sure to be the future of medicine.”  He paused to the sound of clapping and cheering.  “My downtown office building will be our temporary home until we can rebuild and I will make arrangements with some of the local universities for lab usage.  For now, Dr. Lowman will be in charge of gathering any and all information you can remember about your projects.  I also will need a list of all equipment required to move forward.  Are there any questions for me?”  He paused for a moment allowing time for his people to ask.  “If not, I leave you in the capable hands of Dr. Lowman.”  He motioned for Dr. Lowman to follow him for a private chat.
“Greg, I know it is a lot to ask, but I trust you can handle things for the next few weeks without me.  I am promoting you to temporary executive status during the interim period of the rebuild and I will double your salary.  Please say you will accept…I do not trust anyone else to do this for me.”
Greg let out a deep breath, “How can I say no to that?  I would be honored to take on the challenge.”
“Fantastic!  Call me at any time if you have questions.  My assistant, Monica will be at your beck and call if you need help.  I have made arrangements for office space already, so all you need to do is show up and start assigning jobs.”  Beck stood by his car as he finished his conversation with Dr. Lowman.  He had a lot to do before he left, but was relieved to know his research team would be in Greg’s capable hands.
“I just hope I can be the same rock for this company that you’ve been.”
Beck opened the car door and got in.  “I know you will be that and more.”
Upon returning to the hospital, Beck was given the third degree from Alexis for leaving.  He reminded her that he did not take orders from her or anyone else for that matter, which left her angry with him.  He sat in the chair next to the bed and placed his hand on top of Mae’s hand.  Warmth returned to her, giving him hope that she would recover.
“Alexis, I hope you are not angry with me still.  I am leaving for London first thing in the morning and I need you to stay here and guard Mae.”
Alexis moved to where Beck sat and clasped his free hand. “I promise to guard her with my life.  When I went to lunch, it was not to flirt with Dr. McHottie.  I was digging for information about the witches in the healing circle.  I plan to wipe their memories clean of Mae’s unusual parentage and get her out of here as soon as possible for her own safety.  Until then, you need to hire some security.”
“That is a good idea.  I shall make some calls and get armed guards here as soon as possible.  But, you are right.  She will be safer at my house than she is here.  We just need for her to get well enough to move her.  Has anyone from the Council been by to talk to you about the shooting?”
“No. But, Meredith took down my statement before she and Aidan left for London.  I don’t trust some of the council members, so I’m glad not to see any of them.”
Beck let go of Alexis’ hand and looked at Mae.  “I do not trust them either except for Meredith and right now I do not even trust my own kind where Mae is concerned.  I fear we may have to go into hiding.”
Alexis sat at the foot of the bed.  “I hope it doesn’t come down to that.  Your medical research is too important for you to just abandon it and go underground.”  She took a good look at Beck, his exhaustion becoming evident.  “When was the last time you ate or slept?” she pried.
He let go of Mae’s hand and leaned back in the chair.  “That is not important right now,” he responded, selflessly.
“You need to feed, I can feel it.  Look, it won’t do us any good if you’re too tired to think straight.  If you don’t go and feed I will give you a transfusion before you can make it out of the ICU…I can be very persuasive, it’s my gift,” she reminded him.
“You know your powers will not work on me, so do not make empty threats,” he cautioned.
“My powers don’t have to work on you, silly man, when they work on everyone else around you.”  She got up from the bed and walked to where he sat.  She leaned over, kissing the top of his head and whispered, “O positive or AB negative?”
He was too tired to argue with her and bagged blood would work as well as drinking fresh. “O positive will be fine, but I will just take it from the bag minus the transfusion,” he told her, too tired to continue arguing.
Alexis came back carrying a bag of blood and tossed it to him.  “You’re in luck.  I found a bag of one hundred percent human, O positive blood in the bank.  Promise me you will go home and take a nap after you feed, you look like hell.”
“Fine...But stop mother-henning me, it does not suit you at all,” Beck retorted, sinking his fangs into the bag.

~~~***~~~

Beck tried to sleep, but too much was going on in his head and the feeding left him feeling too energized.  It was dark, he stood on the balcony of his townhome mulling over all that had transpired in the past two days.  He fumbled with the engagement ring that was now hanging from a leather cord around his neck.  He wanted nothing more than to place it back on Mae’s finger.  The ring suddenly started to hum, its vibration causing the diamond to illuminate brightly while a vision burned into his eyes.
It was Mae on the patio, under the oak she had grown, her laughter intoxicating as she bounced a toddler on her lap.  Then darkness as the ring went silent and the vision vanished.  “Was this our future or was it nothing more than Mae’s longing to be a mother?” he thought.  The profoundness of the vision made Beck realize, he too longed to have a child.  This longing added to the emptiness Mae had left him with the day before and he understood he would have to control his anger if this was the future awaiting him.  He could no longer afford the consequences he would face if he laid waste to those responsible.  Justice would have to be attained on the Council’s terms and not his, a situation that did not sit well with him.
Beck made one last visit to the hospital before leaving town.  He noticed the two armed private security guards posted at Mae’s door and felt satisfied that she would be protected before he left.  The door was closed, but he could hear Alexis talking behind it.  When he got closer he realized she was talking to Mae.  Beck opened the door and quickly comprehended Mae was still in a drug-induced coma, so he raised his eyebrow at Alexis.  She was the last person he thought would be talking to Mae’s comatose body.
“I was told it would help her recovery if I talked to her.  Meredith called to let me know Gemma was on her way back to Dublin.  Donald will pick her up when she gets here.”
“Oh bloody hell…I completely forgot to call Gemma!  She is going to kill me.”  Beck stood by the bed next to Mae, with Alexis in the chair he had occupied the evening before.
She lightly kicked the back of his leg.  “You men can be such idiots sometimes.  Lucky for you, we girls have your back,” she smiled and winked.
“Yes and I am sure when this is all over I will be forever in your debt.  Which you will, no doubt, remind me of incessantly,” he remarked, looking at his watch.  “I have to go, the plane is waiting.  Please take good care of her,” he said before bending over and kissing Mae’s cheek.
“Gemma and I are more than capable of taking care of her, especially now that you have Blackwater contractors outside the door as guards.  No pun intended, but don’t you think that’s overkill?”  She stretched her legs, so he could see that she was armed.
“No, I do not think it is overkill at all.  By the way, they know you are in charge.  They will change shifts every twelve hours; make sure none of them are witches or vampires.”
She stood up and saluted him, “Sir, yes sir, anything else General Worthington?” she teased, before sitting again.
“No, I think that is all,” he said, walking out the door past the two guards.

~~~***~~~

It was a short flight to London from Dublin and Aidan was waiting at the airport for him when he arrived.  “Have you found Howard yet?”  It was the question that haunted him the whole flight over.
“I think I may have located him in Hackney.  I was just on my way there…Please promise me you won’t do anything stupid if we do find him.”  Aidan threw Beck’s bag in the trunk and sped out of the parking garage.
Beck said nothing, he wouldn’t promise to spare Howard, so he chose to say nothing rather than lie.  Traffic was already heavy and Hackney was still about twenty-four miles away, leaving him plenty of time to deliberate things in his mind.
Aidan was nervous at Beck’s cold, distant demeanor and his refusal to promise not to hurt Howard, so he tried to change the subject.  “How is Mae doing?”  (Probably not the best question to ask him.)
“She is in a drug-induced coma, her hair is all shaved off, there are tubes up her nose and down her throat, needles in her arms, wires attached everywhere and oh yeah I almost forgot a couple of bullet holes in her head.  Did I miss anything?” Beck snapped at Aidan as if it were his fault.
Aidan was surprised at Becks response to his inquiry about Mae.  “Calm down, Beck.  I just wanted to know if there was any improvement.  You don’t have to get ugly with me because I left without you. I get it and I’m sorry.”
Beck exhaled and ran his fingers through his hair. “Sorry Aidan, I did not mean to take it out on you.  I just have so much going through my mind right now and Howard is at the top of my list.”  Anger still laced his voice, but it was no longer directed at Aidan.
“Don’t worry we’ll catch him,” Aidan reassured him, making his way through traffic.
There was a long pause of silence then Beck’s voice quivered as he began to speak.  “Helen has left Mae’s body.”
“Really?  I didn’t know she could do that.  Where’d she go?” Aidan inquired, surprised at Beck’s sudden calm demeanor.
“I did not know she could either.  For a few minutes she was a ghost and then she went to the light.  Aidan, she is gone forever,” he whispered, peace suddenly washing over him.
“I am so sorry, Beck,” was all he could think to say.  What do you say to a man who has just ended a thirty-five hundred year old relationship?
“Do not be, it allows me to love Mae without her wondering if I do because of Helen being inside her.  It feels like a weight has been lifted off my shoulders.”  Beck sincerely did not regret letting her go.  He knew in his heart it was what Helen wanted.



Chapter 12


Aidan and Beck arrived at a rundown apartment house in Hackney.  Even during the day, Hackney was considered a rough area, so they cautiously walked into the small office where Aidan had made inquiries about new tenants earlier that morning.  He opened his wallet and showed the manager a photo of Howard.  "Have you seen my grandfather?  We’re very worried about him.  He escaped from the hospital and needs his meds."  Aidan hoped his ruse would fool the manager enough to get a straight answer out of him.
"He does look like the old man who just moved into apartment twenty-six.  Real shady fellow, if you ask me.  He gave me the name of Ronald but put a different name on the lease."  The manager reached over to his desk and searched for the lease agreement.
"He’s a bit crazy and I know he won't come without a fight.  That's why I brought back up," Aidan said pointing to Beck. “So if you hear a ruckus, please don’t call the police, the quicker we can get him back to the hospital, the better.”
The manager nodded in agreement then continued to look for the papers.  "Here we go…looks like he used the name, Mozenrath Nadu on the paperwork.  It’s the name on the credit card on file also,” he said, showing Aidan.
“Can I get a copy of that?  I’m sure he stole that poor fellow’s card.  The family will want to reimburse him for his trouble.”  It was part of the evidence Beck needed to make his case with the Council.
The manager handed the copies to Aidan.  “Thank you so much for your help; our family will be most grateful.”   Aidan turned on his heels and quickly exited the office with Beck behind him.  Then he pulled out his cell phone and dialed while heading back to the car.  “Meredith, you were right to suspect Mozenrath, I have proof he financed Howard’s escape.”
“We are meeting in two hours, Aidan.  You need to bring Howard here and get him to confess.”
“Beck and I are just about to pick him up.”
“Make sure he doesn’t kill Howard,” she warned sternly as if it were a real possibility.
“I’ll do my best. Got to go, before Howard senses we’re here.”
“Good luck,” were her last words before hanging up.
Aidan opened the trunk of the car and pulled out a taser. “Bust in the front door and secure him, while I go around back and make sure he doesn’t come out the window,” he told Beck.
Everything happened so fast, Howard didn’t have a chance to fight back.  By the time Aidan came around to the front, Beck was already beating the crap out of him. Aidan jumped in front of Beck.  “Beck, stop, you’re killing him!”  Aidan yelled, pointing the taser at Beck to get his attention.
Beck let go allowing Howard to crumbled to the ground.  Aidan pulled out a syringe and injected Howard.  “What did you just do?” asked Beck.
“I knocked him out so he can’t use his magic, it will take at least three witches to bind his powers and we don’t have them right now.  Why did you have to go and bloody him all up like that?  It’s not going to win you any sympathy with the Council, you know.”  Aidan motioned for Beck to help him pick Howard up.
They carried him to the car and threw him in the back seat.  “I know Aidan.  I was just angry.  At least I did not kill him, which I could have with my first blow.”
“We have to be careful, Beck.  The Council will defer matters indefinitely if they feel you are stepping on their toes.  Besides, the fact that Mae is both vampire and witch is going to cause issues alone, we don’t need to add to them,” Aidan said, chastising his friend.
It was the first time Beck ever submitted to Aidan and his wishes.  He had come to understand that Aidan was more than just a friend and could truly be his equal if he only had the ambition.  There were times when Beck envied Aidan’s laid-back ways and lack of focus, but it was not the nature of vampires to go with the flow and just let life happen.  Suddenly, the thought crossed Beck’s mind, “What kind of dad would he be?”  Mae was not even with child and he was already questioning whether or not he would be a good dad.  Never in his life had this notion popped into his mind and now he was making decisions by it and it scared him.

~~~***~~~

It was ironic that the Council held its meetings in what was once the headquarters for the United Nations.  The Luminati of Magic – the witches’ equivalent of the United States marshals, were waiting for Howard’s arrival.  They were the enforcers of the laws set down by the Witches Council and would be responsible for incarcerating Howard until he could be dealt with by them.  They removed Howard’s beaten body from the back seat of the car and followed Aidan and Beck to where the Council meeting was taking place.  The room was large with marble floors and columns that supported a towering ceiling.  To the far end of the room sat thirteen seats in a semi-circle on an elevated platform with row upon row of bench seats opposite it.  A balcony containing more seating loomed over the back rows of the bench seats.  In the space between the platform and the public seating sat two tables, one on each side of the center aisle.  They opened up to the platform and another two rows of seating on the side of the platform where members of importance or a jury would sit.   It was reminiscent of a grand court room from another time.  Meredith entered through a side door and met them at the rail which separated the public area from the platform area.  She was wearing a long purple robe with gold trim signifying her status as a Council member.
“I am glad you caught him before the meeting, although we could have done without the beating,” she scolded, looking at Beck and cleared her throat.
Aidan handed her the papers the manager had given them.  “The LM need to do a sweep of Howard’s apartment before Mozenrath sends his goons to clean up the loose ends.”
She took the papers from Aidan and looked them over, “Already taken care of.  I was not the only person on the Council suspicious of Mozenrath’s activities and underground movements against vampires, which brings me to ask a favor of you, Beck.  The leaders of the vampire community are here seeking justice on Mae’s behalf and the Council would like for you to play mediator,” her words were more of a command than a request as she relayed the wishes of the Council with overbearing confidence.
It was odd since he was so close to the situation, but something told him that it was all part of a bigger plan.  “I do not know if that is such a good idea, Mere.  As you know, I am not exactly on the best terms with my kind or even yours at the moment.”
“Their opinion of you seems to differ from your own, Beck.  They requested you themselves, upon which the Council approved.  Nikola and the others do not feel that war with the witches is in anyone’s best interest, but they cannot allow one of their own to be attacked without restitution,” Meredith explained, hoping he would understand the gravity of the situation.  “This could mean war if it is not settled to their satisfaction.  Not to mention, the Council is already divided as far as the accusations against one of their own.  This whole mess goes beyond the attack on Mae.  It is more about what Mae is and how it affects each side.  Besides, you are the only one I can trust to do what is in Mae’s best interests,” she disclosed.
Beck sat down on the bench behind him and let out a deep breath.  “I have been so angry about the shooting and catching Howard that I did not even consider it might be Mae’s existence on trial and not just the guilty party.  I need to talk to Nikola and the others before we get started,” looking up at Meredith, who was grinning at him.
“I am glad we understand each other, my friend.”  Meredith motioned for Beck and Aidan to follow her.
In one of the private chamber rooms sat Nikola in a high backed chair at the end of a long table.  The other vampires were all seated around the sides when Beck entered the room.  He walked over to Nikola and shook his friend’s hand with much reservation.  “Nikola, I do not quite understand why you and the others have gathered here.  If it is to support my research and the part in which Mae plays in that, then I thank you.  But, if you are here just to stir up trouble with the witches, then I can do without your help.”  Beck knew they had little time to beat around the bush as to the vampires’ true purpose.
Nikola looked at his friend and grinned, “After much discussion, we have come to realize the importance of your research.  It has become increasingly harder for us to find sources to feed from.  If you can find a way to for us to feed on Nauss blood without getting poisoned, then your research is worth defending, even if it gives the witches longer lives.  But, I will warn you now Beckett, my opinion is in the minority and there are many vampires who disagree.  They think it will endow witches and humans with the one thing that has given vampires the edge all these years…Longevity.”
Beck stood straight up and addressed the rest of the vampires.  “My research is and always will be for the benefit of all.  It is time for us to forget the past and move forward, we need the humans and witches in order to do that.”
There was some mumbling amongst the other vampires when Nikola chimed in, “And that brings me to the other reason for our being here.  We cannot have witches attacking vampires.  You know as well as I do that it is an act of war against us.  Not only did they attack a fellow vampire using the one weapon that has been banned by both sides, but they destroyed your personal property and you know the rules of our treaty.  They will have to compensate you for your loss, even if it means the life of one of their own.”  Nikola pointed his finger at Beck then pounded the table with his fist.
Beck paced the room.  “I have no intention of letting them get away with anything and I do not intend on starting a war.”  He stopped and looked directly at Nikola, “Keeping Mae safe is my number one priority.”
“And I hear congratulations are in order…Has Helen finally returned?”
Beck sighed and sat down in a chair away from the table. “Helen is no longer here, she has moved on, thanks to a couple of silver bullets,” Beck said, sadness infected his voice.
The others gasped at his words, then went quiet.  “Sorry to hear that, I was very much looking forward to you and Helen finally getting married after all these years.”  Without Helen to keep him in check, there was great concern that Beck’s violent past would return, wreaking havoc on the world once more.
Beck clasped the ring hanging around his neck, it was singing its song again and he quickly let go.  “I am engaged to Mae, if she will still have me after all of this.”
It was a bit of a shock to Nikola, but a relief that Beck had already found someone else to dote on.  “I see, so congratulations are in order; we just need to get a little justice for her first.”  Nikola winked and smiled at Beck.
There was a knock at the door; it was Meredith letting them know the meeting was about to begin.
The members of the Council took their places on the platform. The thirteen members were all dressed in purple robes similar to what Meredith wore.  In the center chair sat Calcifer Agustus, the head of the Council.  He was nearly two thousand years old and one of the oldest warlocks still living, besides Aidan.  His age was showing however and white hair covered his head while deep lines etched his face as he sat proudly, straight up in his overly ornate chair.  He looked imposing for an old man as his voice boomed out across the chamber.  “If everyone would please take their seats, I would like to get this trial started.”
Everyone clamored to sit until silence finally engulfed the room and the vampires seated themselves to one side of the Council.  Beck took his place with Nikola and Aidan at one of the tables in the center of the room, facing the platform. The LM guards carried Howard to his seat at the other table, where his counsel was already seated awaiting his client.  The chamber was packed with on-lookers, which was surprising since little notice was given in advance of the trial.  Beck assumed it would be a private meeting with the Council, rather than a full trial.
Calcifer stood up and cleared his throat.  “I have here Howard Felix accused of the following crimes:  Conspiracy to commit the murder of a vampire, use of a human under compulsion to do harm, use of a spell to do harm, destruction of property of a vampire in the amount of Two hundred and fifty million euros, attempted murder of a Council member, attempted murder of a foreign national, attempted murder of a witch/vampire and the use of silver as a means of murder.”  Calcifer sat still after he finished stating the charges against Howard.  “Counselor Williams, is there any reason I should not bind your ward while awaiting punishment?”
Mr. Williams stood up nervously and addressed the Council.  “Your Lordship and honorable members of the Council, my ward believes that his actions were for the greater good of all witches.  He accuses the vampires of conspiracy to change the blood of witches to facilitate feeding and prefers not to be bound while awaiting his punishment.”  Mr. Williams sat back down and waited for the vampire rebuttal.
Looking towards Beck, Calcifer addressed him, “What have you to say about this accusation, Mr. Worthington?”
Beck now knew why the vampires came for support.  Howard was using his research as a means to justify his actions.  Beck stood and addressed the Council.  “Lord Agustus, honorable members of the Council, it pains me to think that someone so close to my research could imply that it was nothing more than a way for vampires to feed on witches.  As most of the Council already knows, my research was for the good of all.  It promised a cure for almost every disease known to human or witch and yes, it would have allowed vampires to feed on witches too, but is that not a small price to pay for longevity?  We vampires are so few in number and it has become more difficult for us to find safe blood sources.  Why should we not be allowed to feed on those who willingly offer themselves, regardless of their Nauss heritage?  It is but a small price to pay for the eradication of such diseases as malaria, typhoid, AIDS and even cancer.  What Howard destroyed was not a vehicle to ensure that vampires would gain power; for what we had to gain was minimal in comparison to what the world had to gain.  My lab has no secrets to hide, in fact, what Howard failed to mention is that all of my employees are humans and witches who believe in what we do.”  Beck defended his case truthfully and sat down.
Meredith chimed in, “Lord Agustus, I can vouch for Mr. Worthington’s statement, I have been to his lab and talked to his employees who are witches and everything he said is true to my knowledge.”
“Thank you, Madam Spencer.  My next question will be asked under a truth spell.”  The room gasped at his words and people started whispering to one another.  It was unusual for the Council to use a truth spell during trial proceedings, but the gravity of the situation warranted it. “Please bring Howard forward.”
Mozenrath looked to Calcifer in panic.  “Is this really necessary, Calcifer?” he asked in a hushed tone to the Council head.
“Lord Nadu, I believe we need to get to the bottom of this now,” he answered, eyeing the vampires that sat in the area nearest the Council platform.  “So yes, I believe it is necessary.  Don’t you?”
Mozenrath did not answer his question and Calcifer didn’t care if he did.  The truth had to be known and all the guilty parties punished, in order to keep the peace with the vampires. The Luminati of Magic brought Howard before Calcifer.  He looked like a mess and was still a little sedated from the drugs Aidan administered earlier.  Calcifer leaned forward and set the truth spell on him.  “Howard, why did you compel that poor farmer to shoot those women?” Calcifer asked calmly.
“They all deserved to die for serving a vampire of all things…They are traitors to our kind,” Howard spat out with pure hatred.
“Why did you burn down the lab?”
“He had it all figured out,” Howard said, pointing to Beck.  “He finally had the key to making our blood and vampire blood inter mingle with one another,” Howard laughed hysterically as he continued.  “Can you imagine the monsters it would create?  Just like the one I shot.  She is an abomination…half witch, half vampire.”  The room grew louder with the mutterings of the crowd amongst themselves.
“Silence!” Calcifer demanded before he asked his last question.  “Who helped you with this plan?”
As soon as Howard opened his mouth to speak, he grabbed his head in pain, screaming in agony as he crumbled to the ground…he dropped dead before he could reveal the identity of his master.  The crowd grew louder while healers ran to his assistance, but the damage was done; there was no bringing him back.  Seconds later, Mozenrath fell out of his chair, dead.  He had not known that when Calcifer set the truth spell on Howard, he also set a boomerang spell.  Any person who cast a spell on Howard would have their own spell slung back at them in full force.
Beck looked at Nikola and whispered, “What the hell just happened?”
“It appears the Council has saved you the trouble of returning for a trial,” he replied smugly with a smile.
The LM cleared the room of all the spectators while the Council gathered in the middle of the room with the vampires and allowed the LM to remove the dead bodies.
“Calcifer you old dog, I didn’t think you had it in you,” Nikola grinned, patting the back of Calcifer’s shoulder.
“Nikola, I must say, you are one hell of a schemer.  I hope the vampires are satisfied with the outcome, I have been trying to weed out the trouble makers for centuries.”  Calcifer was one of the main reasons there had been peace between witches and vampires for so long.
“It could not have turned out any better,” Nikola replied.
“That still leaves me with one problem…I need a new Council member.”
“I am sure you have a trove of young witches just clamoring to get that job,” Nikola laughed.
Calcifer sighed, “If it were only that simple,” he said, turning to look at Aidan.
“I know what you are thinking, but would he really be a wise choice?”  Nikola had known Aidan for almost as long as Beck and he could remember Aidan’s days as Loki the trickster.
“He is the oldest of our kind.  His age should have warranted him a place at the head of the Council before I was even born.”  Calcifer let out a deep breath and laughed as he watched Aidan setting the tip of Meredith’s hair on fire.  “But, I do see your point,” he said, shaking his head while Meredith patted the fire out with her hand and started yelling at Aidan.  “Beck sure does have his hands full with all of those witches around him all the time.”
“He certainly is unique among my kind.  He understood a long time ago the necessity for symbiosis between our races.”  Nikola in some ways envied Beck’s happiness and his ability to live and love.

~~~***~~~

Now that the trial was over, Beck had only one thing still on his mind and that was Mae.  His airplane sat on the tarmac at Heathrow waiting for its passengers to board.  Aidan and Meredith stood at the boarding ladder arguing about Aidan’s sense of duty or lack thereof, while Beck finalized the flight plans so they could leave immediately.
Aidan threw his hands up in air and conceded, “There is no pleasing you woman, is there?” walking up the ladder behind Meredith.
Meredith stopped and turned around to look at him.  “Aidan, you can’t keep avoiding your place on the Council.  There are few witches with the life experience you possess.”
Aidan placed his hand on the small of her back, nudging Meredith to continue up the ladder and into the plane.  Once inside, he turned her around and kissed her.  Meredith stood there stunned by this kiss, it was completely unexpected.  “Aidan, why did you just do that?” she whispered, with her body still against his.
Aidan gently moved the stray hairs away from Meredith’s face and smiled, “It was the only way I could think of to getting you to shut up.”
Meredith forcefully pushed herself away from his embrace.  “Aidan, you’re such an ass!”
He quickly seized her hand before she could walk away.  “I’m just kidding, Mere…please; I need to talk to you about something,” he begged.
She sighed and turned around.  Her eyes were shooting daggers at him for playing with her heart.  “What is it, Aidan?” she asked letting out a deep breath once more and rolling her eyes.
He brought her hand to his lips and kissed it.  “Mere, when I found out you’d been shot; a panic went through me the likes of which I have never experienced.  It has taken me this long to realize why I felt that way.”
“Aidan, what the hell are you trying to say?”
“I love you, Mere!” he blurted out.  “For as many times as I’ve tried, I can’t live without you.”
Meredith let go of his hand and sat down on a couch near the back of the plane.  Aidan followed and sat beside her.  “Aidan, we have been down this road so many times.  What makes you think this would end any differently?”  She put her hand on his leg and looked at him with bated breath, awaiting his answer.
Aidan placed his hand on Meredith’s.  “Every time I start seeing someone new, it never works out because I spend the whole relationship comparing them to you.  Is it no wonder that in all these years, you have been the only woman I ever missed being with?”
“And only you, Aidan would try to sway me back by comparing me to the other women in your life.”
Aidan clasped her hand as it inched closer to the top of his thigh. “Is it working?”
“First, answer one simple question.  What do you hope to get out of this relationship?”
Aidan lifted Meredith's hand to his lips and kissed it.  "I want what Beck has."
"You want Mae and a castle in the country?" she laughed, teasing him about his choice of words.
Aidan smiled and laughed too.  "I want happiness, Meredith.  Not just some temporary infatuation.  I want real love and someone to look forward to coming home to every day."
Meredith stopped laughing and raised her brow.  "You are being serious, aren't you?" she said somberly.
"Yes, I am.  So, are you willing to give me another chance?"
Meredith turned her body, her arm reaching across his chest as she placed her hand on his neck and pulled him closer.  She closed her eyes, bringing her lips to touch his in a simple gesture of her agreement.  He put his arm around her waist and pulled her across his lap to where she was straddling his thighs.  Her simple kiss had now turned into the passion of two long lost lovers, rekindling their feelings for one another.  Aidan pulled her against his chest as they kissed, he could feel her heart pounding wildly against him.  He moved his hands to the edge of her skirt, pushing it up until he could feel her lace panties brush against his fingertips, neither of them aware that Beck was standing in the doorway at the top of the boarding ladder.  “Hmmm…” Beck cleared his throat and looked at the ceiling of the plane.  Meredith jumped off Aidan’s lap and quickly adjusted her skirt.  When Beck looked back at them, Meredith’s cheeks had gone completely red with embarrassment and Aidan was grinning from ear to ear.
“Is there something you two want to tell me?”  Beck moved out of the doorway, so the pilot and stewardess could board.  He crossed his arms and eyed them as he waited for an answer to his question.
Aidan clasped Meredith’s hand. “It looks like Meredith and I are going to have a go at it again.”
Beck smiled at his friend, he knew the peace and quiet he enjoyed so much would be forever interrupted as long as these two were together, but that was okay with him.  Deep down he always knew they belonged together and had much to learn from one another.  For as long as Beck had known Meredith, she had been completely grounded, taking life far too seriously even for Beck’s logical taste and Aidan did not have a serious bone in his body, even in the most arduous of circumstances.
Meredith smiled back at Beck and replied sarcastically, “Yay…eleventh time’s a charmer,” she teased, poking fun at their previous track record.
Beck walked over to Aidan and shook his hand, then leaned over and kissed Meredith’s cheek.  “I wish you both happiness, but we need to get going.  I cannot abide being away from Mae.”
“That reminds me,” Aidan said, pulling out a note from his pocket.  “Alexis called while you were in the Council meeting.  She wanted to let you know, Mae is still healing slowly, but is healing none-the-less.  They plan to wake her from her drug-induced coma either tonight or tomorrow depending on when we get back to Dublin.  She wanted you to be there when they do.  If all goes well and she is breathing on her own and responsive, they will allow you to take her home, provided you have the facilities and medical staff to care for her.”
Before Aidan could even finish what he was saying, Beck took his phone out of his pocket and immediately started making arrangements to bring Mae home.
Meredith and Aidan gave a small chuckle.  Beck had always been a man of action; it was one of his more endearing qualities, especially when it concerned Mae.  Even though Beck had not even so much as cracked a smile, they knew he was happy at the news.
After several phone calls, Beck took his seat and prepared for takeoff.  His bond with Mae left him feeling heartbroken and empty, despite his good mood but he knew it was a feeling that would resolve itself as soon as he were by her side again.  He placed his hand on his chest where her ring still hung around his neck.  Its hum comforted him as he allowed its energy to flow through him.
He closed his eyes and embracing its energy, a vision started to form…once again he saw Mae sitting under the oak tree with a toddler on her lap, only this time he could see the child clearly.  He had a head of blond hair and ice blue eyes, leaving no doubt that this was his child.  As he took the babe from her lap and spun him around in his arms, the baby’s laughter permeated the air.  The vision ended as quickly as it began and Beck opened his eyes to find, Meredith and Aidan standing in front of him, dumbfounded by what just happened.
“Why are you two staring at me?”  Beck asked, looking up and furrowed his brow.
“What the hell just happened?   Aidan and I were sitting in our seats getting ready for takeoff and all of a sudden everything went white then this vision of you, Mae, and a baby just infiltrated my mind.”  Meredith was alarmed at the fact that the vision had permeated her barriers.
Beck looked down at Mae’s ring, “There is something about this ring that has caused me to have visions when I touch it.  I had the same vision at my apartment right before I left to come to London, except it was not as vivid last time.”
Meredith put out her hand; Beck took off the ring and handed it to her.  “I have heard of some witches being able to use crystals to see the future, but this was projected with such strength that I could not even barricade myself against it,” she said, eyeing the ring in amazement.
Aidan looked at Meredith, “Are you saying that this is Mae and Beck’s future?”
Meredith smiled, “Yes…If I’m right, I suppose I am.  It looks like Beck is going to be a father, but how is that even possible?” she handed the ring back to him.  “I need to look into this further, before I can say for certain.  I don’t know if it’s the future as it will be or just a wishful future of Mae’s fabrication.”
Beck put the ring back on the leather cord around his neck.  “I do not know what it is, but I hope you are right Meredith, about it being our future.  This is a future I would gladly accept.”
They all buckled themselves back in their seats as the plane taxied down the runway preparing for takeoff.



Chapter 13


It was not long before the plane touched down in Dublin.  Donald was already waiting at the airport for them to arrive and take them straight to the hospital.  Mae still remained in the ICU. Large, armed bodyguards monitored who entered the room, including which doctors were allowed to treat her.
  Beck walked in to find Gemma and Alexis at Mae’s bedside.  Gemma looked up at Beck, her eyes red from crying.  Getting up from her chair she rushed to where he was and threw her arms around him. 
Beck returned her embrace and apologized, “Gemma, I am sorry I did not call you as soon as everything happened.  I was not thinking straight…I hope you will forgive me?”
She released her hold and grinned, “Everything you did was in Mae’s best interests, how can I possibly fault you for that?  Alexis told me what happened after I left.  I should be angry at you for not telling Mae about Helen sooner, but I know she loves you, so for your sake you better not break her heart.  My only concern now is when she wakes will it be Helen or Mae?”
Beck let out a deep breath before telling the story of his ghostly encounter with Helen.  Sadness and relief etched his face while he explained Helen’s departure.  “So you see, everything I have done the past couple of days is all for Mae…I love her,” Beck said in conclusion.
Gemma hugged Beck again, she could see how painful all of this was for him.  Alexis wiped her eyes, acting like she had something in them, too tough to own up to her tears.  Aidan put his arm around Meredith after Beck’s story left her in tears.  She grieved over the loss of Helen, who had once been her good friend.  A tap at the door snapped everybody out of their melancholy and Dr. Thomas entered the room.
“We’ve decided that it would be best to let her rest one more night before we try to wake her.  I suggest everyone go home and get some rest, we plan to wake her at seven a.m.”  He walked over to the monitors and started writing on her chart.
Everyone started to leave the room.  Beck stayed behind to have a word with the doctor. “How is she doing?”
“As far as I can tell, she should be ready to breathe on her own and she showed lots of brain activity today, which is a good sign,” he said, continuing to write on Mae’s chart.
“Do you think we will be able to move her tomorrow?”  
“If all goes well tomorrow morning, I will release her into your care by evening.  I have also decided to take you up on your offer of employment.  I will accompany her on tomorrows ride,” he replied placing Mae’s chart on the table.
Beck reached out and shook the doctor’s hand, “That is fantastic news, welcome to the team.”
“Do you know if Alexis is seeing anyone?” the doctor asked.
“My good man,” Beck grinned.  “It takes a special kind of person to be a part of that one’s life.  She is not one to give much thought to other people’s feelings and has a tendency to bring her partners to tears,” Beck warned.
The doctor laughed, “I have seen the way she handles those guards out there and there is much to be admired about a woman who can carry herself with such confidence.”
“Well, you cannot say that I did not warn you,” Beck chuckled, thinking about how long it would take before she had the good doctor crying like a baby.  He leaned over and kissed Mae on the cheek, then left the room.
Everyone had figured out their sleeping arrangements before Beck made it to the lobby.  Gemma and Alexis would go with Beck to his townhouse and Meredith would go with Aidan to his apartment.  The plan was to grab an early breakfast at the townhouse, then head to the hospital.  Alexis would take one of Beck’s cars and head out early.  She wanted to be there when the security team switched shifts.  Plus, she didn’t trust the non-witch staffers and planned to use her powers of persuasion to ensure, when Dr. Thomas okayed the move, the non-witch staff would also agree.

~~~***~~~

It was already eight by the time the doctors decided to take Mae out of her drug-induced coma.  They removed her breathing tube and replaced it with an oxygen line to her nose.  Fortunately and to everyone’s relief, Mae was finally breathing on her own.  The only sound in the room was the constant beeping of the equipment, while everyone waited to see if she would wake.  Beck sat in the chair next to the bed, holding her hand, after a few minutes he felt her fingers move and he started to talk to her.  “Mae, wake up,” he whispered softly as her eyes fluttered open.
“Beck,” she whispered back and closed her eyes again.
They all let out a sigh of relief.  Her brain was working enough for her to talk.  Gemma walked around to the other side of the bed and held her other hand.  “I’m here too,” she said, squeezing Mae’s hand.
Mae opened her eyes again, “What happened?” she asked in a dry, raspy voice.
“I will not go into details right now, but you were shot.  You need to save your energy, no more talking,” Beck didn’t want her to wear herself out asking questions, it was a story that would have to wait until later.
“I need water,” she struggled to say, almost breathless from the effort.
One of the nurses dashed out of the room and returned with a pitcher of ice water and a cup.  Gemma pushed the button and raised the head of the bed, so Mae was sitting up while Beck poured the water into the cup and brought it to Mae’s lips.  She managed to take a couple of sips before she could drink no more and Beck placed the cup back on the table.
Alexis walked over to Beck.  “I will start making transportation arrangements,” she said to him before leaving.
Once the doctors felt she was not going to crash, they all left, save Dr. Thomas.  When he was sure that the others had gone, he spoke.  “Now that she is out of the coma, it would be a good idea to try and heal her with magic again.”
Aidan walked up to the bed.  “I’m not good at healing, but I can monitor her and tell you what areas to take care of first, if you and Meredith want to work together.”
“What about Alexis?  Can she help us?” the doctor asked.
“I don’t think that is a good idea, she’s very powerful but lacks the finesse to do the delicate work required to heal a brain injury,” Meredith replied, much to the doctor’s disappointment.
Beck moved out of the way, allowing Aidan to get closer to monitor her.  “Mae, I just need you to relax and clear your mind.”  Aidan placed his hand above her wound, closing his eyes and concentrating on the areas that were slow to heal.  Mentally, he directed Meredith and Dr. Thomas to the areas most damaged, continuing to look for other places that required repair.  He made sure Mae didn’t become distressed while her cells and nerves were being manipulated.  They worked on her for about an hour, before becoming exhausted.  Mae had slept through most of it and when she woke, only Beck was left in the room.
“Hello sleepy head, how are you feeling?” he asked.
“I feel a little tired, but better,” it had become easier for her to speak; her mind seemed to be working better for their effort. “Where is Gemma?”
“She said she wanted to get a few things while you were sleeping; she should be back soon.”  Beck lowered the side bar of the bed and sat next to her.  He clasped her hand and grinned as she leaned her head on his shoulder.   “I hope you have forgiven me, I will never keep anything from you again,” he promised, raising her hand to his lips and kissing it.
Mae let out a deep breath and paused for a few seconds before she spoke.  “To be honest, Beck, I forgave you before I went to sleep that night.  I just wanted you to hate yourself long enough to make my point.  Although, I did nothing but think about you all day in Killarney and couldn’t wait to be in your arms again,” she admitted, squeezing his hand and smiling.
He let go of her hand and removed the leather cord with her ring on it from his neck.  “Would you please take your ring back?  I promise to never make you mad enough to throw it at me again.”
Mae gave him her hand allowing him to place the ring back on her finger where it belonged.  “And I promise to give you a chance to explain yourself, before I start throwing things,” she laughed.
Beck kissed her cheek.  “I also want you to know that Helen is gone.  She is no longer a part of you and shall not be coming back.”
Mae sighed and held his hand once more, she knew he loved Helen and it was not easy for him to let go.  “When I woke up, I realized she was no longer with me.  There were things about you that she helped me understand through her memories and now there is just emptiness there.” In some ways Mae would miss Helen’s constant reassurance that everything would be okay.  Helen was the reason she accepted who and what she was without question.
Dr. Thomas tapped lightly on the door and then entered the room.  “I need to examine Mae, that way we know where she stands as far as her motor skills.”
The doctor gave her the once over, saying that everything looked well.  However, Mae was unable to move her legs.  When Dr. Thomas poked the bottom of her foot, she could feel pain and her reflexes seemed to be working fine, but she was still unable to move her legs.
“It looks like her brain is not fully communicating with her spine.  In time I think that will correct itself as her brain heals.  Other than that, everything else looks great.”  Dr. Thomas sat at the small table writing the results of his test in her chart.
“Does that mean we can take her home today?”  Beck was being optimistic, but still very concerned about her not being able to walk.
“Yes, in fact I’m writing her release orders right now.  You should be out of here before lunch,” he smiled, completing his entry and closing her chart.
“That is fantastic!” Beck smiled, squeezing Mae’s hand in excitement.
Mae was ecstatic too; she had always hated hospitals so the sooner the better.  “That makes me very happy.”
“She is still in no condition to get on a plane, Alexis made arrangements for an ambulance to take Mae to Lough Currane, we will ride with Mae,” Dr. Thomas explained.
“I will have Donald follow you with the security team and Aidan.  Gemma, Meredith and I will jet back and get everything ready.”  Beck would rather have accompanied Mae, but he knew he needed to make sure everything at the house was ready for their arrival.
“The nurse should be in shortly to change her bandages, remove the IV, and disconnect the equipment.  Do you have any questions for me before I leave?” he asked.
“Can I have something to eat?  I feel like I haven’t eaten in a week,” Mae asked, her stomach rumbling.
Dr. Thomas stood up, “You can eat whatever you want, just not too much.  Your body needs to readjust to eating again. I will check on you later while the nurse does the bandage change.  I want to make sure the wound is closing,” he winked upon departing the room.
Beck called Aidan.  He and Meredith were on their way back to the hospital, he asked them to pick Mae up something to eat on the way.  “I hope you are in the mood for steak and potatoes,” Beck told her.
“I don’t know why, but I’m craving raw meat.”  Mae was not much of a meat eater and was surprised by her bizarre craving.
Beck laughed at her, “I think it has something to do with you being a vampire.  Don’t worry I ordered it rare.”  It was the way he liked to eat his steak and figured she might like hers that way too.
Mae smiled, “I completely forgot about that…I’m such a mess.”
“You are the most beautiful mess I know.”  He leaned over and kissed her lips.
“I’m sorry, my lips are all rough and dry,” she apologized, rubbing her finger across her lips, trying to slough off some of the dry skin.
As if on cue, Gemma entered the room, her arms filled with bags and a bouquet of flowers.  “Good, you’re awake.   I had to get you a few things.”  She put the bags down, added water to the flowers in the vase and pulled out a small tin from one of the bags.  “Girl, your lips are scaring me, I got you some lip balm.”  Gemma handed the tin to Mae.
Beck began to laugh, “Gemma sometimes I think you can read Mae’s mind.  We were just discussing Mae’s dry lips seconds before you walked in.”
“What else were you discussing, because I also bought her hand-cuffs and edible underwear,” Gemma joked.
Beck’s face turned red from embarrassment.  He was left speechless by Gemma’s insinuation.
Mae let out a big belly laugh, “You should have seen the look on your face, Beck.  That was priceless!” she exclaimed, giving Gemma a high-five.
Gemma sat in one of the chairs by the bed, “The doctor just told me we’re busting you out of here in a couple of hours.”
Mae applied the lip balm to her lips.  “Yes, but I won’t be walking out of here.  It appears that my legs are not working at the moment.”
Gemma was not sure how to take that news, especially since Mae didn’t seem to be bothered by this fact.  “Are you going to be able to walk again?” Gemma asked in a concerned voice.
“The doctor thinks she will be able to walk again as soon as she is fully healed.  It is just taking longer than usual, considering she is a vampire,” Beck answered.
Gemma rolled her eyes, “I keep forgetting that you are not human, Mae.”
“So do I,” Mae laughed.
Meredith and Aidan arrived with food and for as famished as Mae was, she could only manage to eat a few bites before she felt full.  A few minutes later, Alexis returned to the room with Dr. Thomas and a nurse in tow.
The nurse started to unhook the monitors and remove the IV.  When she was done, she unwrapped the bandages around Mae’s head.  As soon as Mae saw herself in the mirror she began to cry.  The wound had completely healed but her hair had been shaven off.  Beck put his arms around her, “It is okay Mae, it will grow back,” he assured her.
The nurse gave Beck an odd look.  “With six witches in the room I am sure one of us can manage to do something as simple as grow hair,” she stated as if everyone had over looked the obvious.
“That’s right Mae, your hair is an easy fix compared to your brain,” Meredith reassured her.
Mae stopped crying. “I’m sorry… I didn’t mean to cry, I was just overwhelmed.”
Gemma stepped forward and grinned, “I know the perfect hair for her, if one of you wouldn’t mind picking my brain.”
Meredith concentrated on Gemma’s thoughts.  “Oh…That would be cute.”  She walked over to Mae, closed her eyes for a second then moved her hands over the top of Mae’s head as if she were pulling a strand from the top down in a pinching motion.  Soon Mae had thick blunt bangs, and long layers of dark hair with gold highlights.
Mae looked at herself in the mirror and touched her hair; it felt as real as it looked and appeared as though she just spent a fortune at the salon.  “I need to learn that trick,” she said in awe of Meredith’s handy work.
Aidan piped up, “Meredith would be more than happy to show you how to do it.  She’s like an expert at it… I remember one year she changed her hair styles so much, it was like dating a different person every day.”
Meredith gave Aidan a nudge to the stomach with her elbow.  “I was young and it was a phase I was going through.  But, I would be more than happy to show you how to use your magic to fix your hair.”  Meredith leaned over and whispered, “I can show you how to mess with Aidan’s hair too.”
When Mae looked up at Aidan, she noticed that Meredith had turned the tips of Aidan’s red hair to a beautiful shade of electric blue, making her laugh.
“What did you do, Mere?”  Aidan asked, walking to the mirror and changed his hair back to normal.
The nurse finished filing in Mae’s chart and left.  Ten minutes later she returned with Mae’s discharge papers and a wheelchair.  Alexis was with the security team by the ambulance waiting for Mae to be loaded on to the gurney so they could leave.  She did not like the idea of Dr. Thomas riding with them, she knew she could handle any issue the EMT and driver might throw at her.  But, it would be far more difficult if the doctor were a traitor too.  She insisted on one of the security guards riding with them in the ambulance despite the lack of room.  Once arrangements were settled, the ambulance finally left the hospital with Aidan and the remainder of the security team trailing following behind them in Beck’s Bentley.  Gemma, Meredith, and Beck caught a cab to the airport and took his private plane to Killarney; where his helicopter was waiting to take them home.
Beck had called his staff at Lough Currane the day before and had them prepare a room downstairs next to his computer room for Mae.  He wanted her to be close to him when he worked.  When he checked the room, he was quite satisfied that his staff had thought of everything.  A king-sized bed graced the center of the room, while on the opposite wall hung a large flat screen television.  Her laptop was on the nightstand along with a stack of Sudoku books and a walkie-talkie in case she needed anything.  A small elevator was being added, something his staff had been requesting for years, they were thrilled when the installer showed up and began his work.  Beck also had extra security added to the perimeter of the estate and a small army of armed guards to his staff.  It was the best security money could buy, ensuring that no harm could come to Mae, at least not while she remained at Lough Currane.
The ambulance finally arrived.  Mae was complaining about lying down too much and insisted on a wheel chair which Beck was happy to oblige.  Alexis took charge of the guards, who were assigned to the guest house as their headquarters since it was much larger than the cottage that Aidan occupied and sat at the perimeter of the estate.  It would provide enough room for them to work, eat, and sleep in comfort without disrupting everyone in the main house.
Dr. Thomas insisted on a room near Alexis and Gemma, although Beck knew that Alexis would most likely spend most of her nights with her security team in the guest house.  It took the rest of the day to get everyone settled in.  Beck was glad that his chef and head of housecleaning thought to hire a couple more people ahead of time to deal with the increased number of personnel at the estate.  It was something he did not have the time to do personally.
Beck sat on the couch with Mae lying across his chest.  “I am glad to have you home again, I missed being able to hold you.”
“I’ve missed you too Beck.”  Almost as soon as the words left her mouth, the ring on her finger started to get warm and vibrate; she closed her eyes to see a vision.  Beck was on the patio next to the oak she grew and in his arms he held a small child.  Mae could feel Beck’s joy as he handed the laughing babe to her.  Then the vision was gone, she could hear Beck calling her name as she opened her eyes again.
“Mae, are you okay? You scared me for a minute there.”
She sat up and turned to look at him.  “Beck, I just had a vision…We were on the patio and you were holding a baby in your arms…Our baby!”  She was so excited she could barely speak.
He smiled at her, knowing that he too, had seen their son.  “While I was wearing your ring around my neck, I saw the same vision, twice.  Meredith thinks it is our future being revealed in the ring.”  Beck put his arm around Mae and pulled her back to his chest.
“I hope she is right; we seemed so happy,” Mae sighed.  “I’ve wanted to talk to you about something.”  Mae’s mood had gone from happy to somber.
“Then ask me?”
Mae held his hand and snuggled against him.  “Gemma is all the family I have and it pains me to think that someday she’ll grow old and leave me…Can’t you turn her into a vampire?” she asked with much trepidation, aware that Beck feared the bond it would create.
Beck kissed the top of her head.  “I have also given it much thought.  But, there are complications, such as bonding to deal with.  Plus, I do not know what it might do to her if you try to turn her.  I promise to give Nikola a call and see if he has any suggestions.”
“You know she would make a good vampire, she is very business driven,” Mae added like a sales pitch.
Beck let out a small chuckle, “You do not have to sell me on the idea, I agree that you need her enough for her to be turned…It is just a matter of who will do it that needs to be worked out.”
Mae finally let herself relax in Beck’s arms.  Her mind kept drifting to the vision of the baby and her possible future.  All that was left for her to do was to set a marriage date.  Not that she was old fashioned about having a child out of wedlock, but she knew it would bring Beck joy…and as much as she hated to admit, it would make her happy too.  “Beck, I want to get married at Lough Currane,” she blurted out.
“Okay…just let me know when.”  Beck was unsure where Mae was going with this conversation, she had told him more than once she was not ready to get married.
“Next month.” Mae did not want to wait months or years to achieve the inevitable.
“Do not tease me Mae,” Beck sighed, playing with her hair, practically ignoring the fact that she just agreed to marry him.
Mae sat up and smiled at him.  “I’m not,” she purred and raised her eyebrows.
Beck kissed her long and hard in his excitement.  Gemma walked into the room and cleared her throat to get their attention.  “Dr. Thomas will be down in a minute to work on getting your legs moving again. What are you two smiling about?” she asked, sitting in the chair across from them.
Beck stood and grabbed the wheelchair.  “Good, she is going to need them to walk down the aisle next month,” he smiled, knowing he let the cat out of the bag, picking up Mae and set her in the wheelchair.
Gemma threw her arms around Mae, “We have our work cut out for us, don’t we?”  Gemma loved weddings so much that it surprised Mae when she went into marketing with her father instead of becoming a wedding planner.
“Now let’s not go overboard, Gemma, you know how I like to keep things simple,” Mae reminded her.
“Gemma, I think you should go completely overboard…Money is no object.”  Beck wanted Mae to have a dream wedding.  He envisioned her walking down the aisle in a beautiful white gown with flowers in her hair.
Mae looked at Beck as though he had lost his mind.  “Do you have any idea what you just did?  You just let a kid loose in a candy store with a credit card,” she frowned.
Beck and Gemma started laughing.  “I trust Gemma to make it a day you will always remember.” He wanted it to be perfect in a way that only a good friend could accomplish.
“Trust me Beck, when she has you riding bareback on a white horse, wearing a kilt, I won’t be the only one who’ll always remember it,” Mae shot back at him sarcastically.
He stopped laughing and looked at Gemma, “You would not?”
Gemma smiled from ear to ear while Beck pushed Mae out onto the patio to watch the sunset. “It was not something I have given much thought to, but now that Mae has mentioned it…I can visualize you dressed in a kilt, riding in on your trusted steed to marry the girl of your dreams.  Sigh…Isn’t that every girl’s dream?”  Gemma dramatized for added effect.
“Okay Mae, I see your point…What have I gotten myself into?”  It had not even been five minutes and Beck was already starting to second guess his decision to put Gemma in charge of planning the wedding.
Meredith and Aidan were already seated on the patio with a bottle of wine.  Gemma sat with them and poured herself a glass then leaned back in the chair.  Mae thought it odd that it didn’t seem to bother Gemma that Aidan and Meredith were a couple now.  Soon Dr. Thomas joined them on the patio.  He sipped on a glass of wine, watching Alexis exchanging combat techniques at the edge of the woods with one of the guards.
Beck pushed Mae closer to the table and poured her a drink. He sat across from the doctor and asked him, “Dr. Thomas, how much do you know medically about vampires?”
“Please, call me Aaron.  I know that Mae should have healed herself once the silver was removed from her system.  My theory is that she is having the same complications any vampire might have when they need to feed.”
“Did she not need blood during surgery?” Beck questioned.
“Surprisingly, no.  She had already healed herself enough not to need any.”  Aaron had become totally engrossed with this medical mystery and stopped watching Alexis.
Beck finished off the wine in his glass in one gulp and set the glass back on the table.  “I am going to call Nikola this evening on the teleconference system.  He might be able to shed some light on this subject.  I thought you might want to join me, I could use your medical expertise.”
“I’d love to…I’ve heard he is quite knowledgeable when it comes to the medical anomalies of vampires.  Anything I might learn from him would be like icing on the cake.”  Aaron prided himself on being able to medically treat all kinds, humans, witches and vampires alike, so any information he gained from Nikola would be a tremendous help to his work.
Alexis made her way across the lawn and sat at the patio table with everyone else. “Can I get a beer?” she yelled, hoping the kitchen staff heard her and would bring one out.  She looked at her arms and realized she was a sweaty, dirty mess, and probably smelled just as bad.  She got up from her seat, walked over to the water hose, and started to rinse herself off.
Aaron just sat there staring at her as if she were the most fascinating thing on earth.  Even when she drank from the hose, it did not deter his affections towards her.  He leaned towards Beck and asked in a low tone, “Are those guns real?” pointing to the weapons on her back and hip.
Aidan spoke, before Beck could answer the question, “Not only are they real, but if you get on her bad side, she will most likely shoot you with them.  I hear she eats her exes when she’s done with them,” Aidan teased.
“Stop trying to scare the poor doctor, Aidan, she’s not as bad as that.  You just have to get to know her,” Meredith said in her defense.
Aaron got up and walked into the house, when he came back out, he was holding two cold beers.  He walked over to where Alexis was still rinsing off and handed her a beer.  She turned off the hose, downed the beer Aaron gave her and let out a huge belch.  She then took the beer he was drinking from his hand and drank it on the way back to the table.
“He has no idea what he is about to get into,” Beck laughed before Alexis sat back down at the table.
Alexis looked at Beck, fully aware that he was laughing at her. “What are you laughing at princess?” she snapped, pulling the gun from her hip holster and removed the clip.  She checked the chamber for stray bullets, before laying it down on the table.
“I think you have an admirer,” Beck whispered, pointing to Aaron before he got back to the patio table.
Alexis remove the gun from her back and started to dry it with the edge of her shirt. “Yeah…right.  I can’t see myself with Dr. Fancy Pants, please don’t encourage him.”
Beck felt a need to intervene before Alexis could devastate the poor man’s ego any further.  As soon as Aaron stepped onto the patio, Beck used the teleconference call to promptly excuse themselves from the table, leaving Alexis little room to insult the poor misguided man before they left.
“Alexis, why deny the inevitable?  We all know you secretly have the hots for Dr. Thomas,” Aidan joked.
Alexis tilted her head and rolled her eyes at Aidan, before responding, “One more word from you Aidan and I’m going to kick your ass.”
“I think we could even hear you and him moaning in the back of the ambulance on the ride over here.  Isn’t that right Mae?”
Mae looked at Aidan and shook her head.  “I’m staying out of this.”
Alexis erupted in anger, “That’s it Aidan, you better run.”
Aidan jumped out of his chair and took off across the lawn, but he didn’t have a chance.  Alexis had him face down on the ground with his arm twisted halfway up his back, before he could make it across the yard.  Meredith sat back in her chair, sipping her glass of wine as she and Mae watched Alexis make Aidan cry like a girl, then pleaded for her to release him.  Mae finally asked, “Aren’t you going to intervene on your boyfriend’s behalf?”
Meredith took a deep breath, set her wine glass back on the table and looked over to Mae.   “No, no I’m not.”



Chapter 14


“Beckett, I was not expecting to hear from you so soon.  How may I help you?” Nikola asked, getting right down to business, as was his nature.
“We are having a bit of a medical issue here, I hoped you could help.  This is Dr. Thomas, Mae’s physician.  He has a theory on why Mae is not healing like a vampire and I wanted to get your input before we proceed.” Beck moved out of the way and let Aaron take the spot in front of the monitor.
Aaron was awed to be speaking to the great Nikola Tesla as he nervously told him his theory.  “From what I know about vampires, you need to feed on human blood at least every couple of months in order to maintain your health; otherwise, you can become anemic and lose your ability to heal effectively. She has gone twenty seven years without a feeding, nor has she been recently transfused…I believe she needs to feed.”
Nikola put his hand to his chin and raised his brow.  “Your theory has merit, but that is not the only problem…Her vampire blood has been suppressed for so long she needs to feed on another vampire.  My suggestion is for Beck to feed off a human and then allow Mae to feed off him shortly thereafter…that should kill two birds with one stone.”  Nikola leaned back in his chair as if stating the obvious.
‘Eureka!’ was clearly written across Aaron’s face at that moment. “That makes perfect sense, not only is she deficient from not feeding on human blood, but her body needs fortification from the additional vampire blood.”
“Yes, that is exactly what I was thinking. Now, if you could give me a moment to speak to Beckett alone,” Nikola requested politely.
“Certainly,” nodded Aaron before getting up and leaving the room, shutting the door behind him.
Nikola shifted to a more relaxed position in his chair, “That is not the only thing that is troubling you, my old friend.  So, out with it already.”
“I need a favor from you, Nikola.  Mae only has one person that she calls family and that is her best friend, Gemma.  After much discussion, I feel Gemma would make a good addition to the vampire population.”  Beck felt at a loss for words.
“Then turn her Beck.  I don’t see the problem there,” Nikola remarked, trying to force Beck’s hand.
“The problem is that Mae’s mixed blood may be dangerous as far as turning someone is concerned and I have no wish to bond, even slightly, with Gemma.  I figured since you practically wrote the book on turning humans to vampires, you might consider turning her for us.”  Beck finally relaxed his shoulders and sat back in his seat having said what he was thinking.
Nikola let out a deep breath, “That is indeed an unusual request; and this Gemma, does she want to be turned?”
“Yes, she is very receptive to the idea.”
Nikola paused for a moment before speaking.  “I was just about to leave London.  I suppose I can make a stop in Ireland before I head home.  Although, I think you should be the one to do it and not me,” Nikola chastised.
Beck was relieved that Nikola agreed to turn Gemma.  “Thank you and I will see you soon then.”

~~~***~~~

Beck sat down at the kitchen table where Gemma, Aidan, and Meredith kept Mae entertained during his teleconference with Nikola.  The evening meal consisted of soup and sandwiches set on platters in the middle of the table along with stacks of plates and bowls.  He fixed himself a plate then explained his plan to the others.
After hearing his plan, Mae was uncertain that allowing Nikola to turn Gemma was such a good idea.  “How do you know you can trust him not to bond with Gemma?”
“He has turned far more humans than I have and as you have noticed, he does not travel with an entourage of minions.  So, it is safe to say he knows what he is doing.  This is a big favor to ask of any vampire.  Most would insist I turn her myself, which even Nikola implied more than once,” Beck explained.
Mae looked to her best friend, “How do you feel about all of this, Gemma?”
“I am open to the idea of allowing Nikola to turn me.  But, I would like to meet him first...before making my final decision.”  Gemma had always been fascinated by the paranormal so she accepted the idea of being turned with open arms.  “Beck, I have only one request.  I know you intended for Dr. Thomas to draw my blood for you to feed,” she paused, building up the nerve to continue.
 “I want you to feed directly on me.  I want to know what it’s like to be bitten before I am turned.”  Ever since being bewitched that night in Dublin, her curiosity had been clinging to the idea.  She also knew that Beck’s love for Mae would not allow him to have such an erotic tryst with her, so she was willing to compromise.
“I will bewitch you and drink from you.  However, I cannot in good conscience lie with you…we will have to find another to fulfill that part.”  Beck said refusing to cave into Gemma’s request in full, not even at Mae’s insistence.  It seemed like too much of a betrayal to Mae’s trust since she would feel everything he and Gemma would experience because of their bond.
Gemma looked a bit disappointed, but understood his reasons.  “Maybe by tomorrow I can find some poor unsuspecting man to take advantage of,” she sighed dramatically as if fishing for volunteers.
Aidan laughed, “I have no doubt that you could seduce any of those guards out there to play along with your plan, Gemma,” He teased. 
“Yes and after two unsatisfying tries with you.  I am most certain the outcome could be no worse,” Gemma laughed, reminding Aidan that he had been no better at sating her.
Everyone at the table was laughing, except Aidan.  Meredith even gave Gemma a high-five before Aidan elbowed her under the table for doing so.  As Mae’s laughter trailed off, she gave a big yawn.  It had been a long day and her body was still recovering.  Beck suggested they all call it an early night, he expected Nikola there first thing in the morning.  Then he wheeled Mae to her makeshift bedroom.
Mae took in her new surroundings, certain that just a few days ago it had been some sort of formal room for entertaining guests.  Now it was transformed into a stately bedroom for her, that way she did not have to go up the stairs.  She was glad the bed was large enough for the two of them and with the nursing staff now gone, she hoped it meant Beck intended to stay with her for the night.  She noticed that his toothbrush was in the bathroom next to hers as they got ready for bed.  
Beck folded the covers back, gently picked her up and placed her on the bed.  Digging in the dresser for her night-clothes, he pulled out the plaid flannel pants and t-shirt she had taken from him.  He helped her change then stripped down to his underwear and crawled into bed next to her.
She could feel his bare body against her back as he lay his arm over hers, clasping her hand in his.
“I love you,” she whispered.
“I love you too,” he whispered back, before the both fell soundly asleep.

~~~***~~~

Nikola arrived just as everyone assembled at the kitchen table for breakfast.  Gemma couldn’t help but stare at the man in front of her.  Nikola was not as handsome or as tall as Beck or Aidan, but his charisma more than made up for it.  He was still a good looking man, with jet black hair perfectly swept away from his face, looking more rich playboy than god-like. His beautiful blue eyes were his most striking feature.  Unlike Beck’s pale ice blue ones, Nikola’s eyes were a deep blue that seem to reflect into his soul.
Beck stood up and gave Nikola a handshake, embracing him like a brother.  “Nikola, I am glad you made it here safely.  Let me introduce you to my fiancée, Mae,” he said, walking over to the wheelchair where Mae sat.
Nikola took her hand and kissed it.  “Pleasure to finally meet you,” he said, offering her a slight bow.
“The pleasure is all mine,” she replied.
“And her friend, Gemma,” Beck continued, gesturing towards her.
Nikola turned to Gemma and nodded, “Madame.”
Beck motioned for Nikola to sit. “Will you join us for breakfast?  We whipped up a full Irish breakfast this morning and I know how much you love black pudding.”
Nikola sat down in the chair between Beck and Meredith.  “I would be delighted. It has been a long time since I have indulged myself with such a meal.  In China it is difficult to find a cook that will cater to western cuisine.”
“I am surprised you have stayed there so long.  I figured once you faked your death in New York, you would have taken a short respite in the Far East, then return to a place like California.” Beck wondered why Nikola had remained hidden for so long.
“I suppose I got too wrapped up in machining advancements to even notice how long I was there.  Besides, after all the ridicule I exposed myself to in the states, I was in no a hurry to return,” Nikola explained, grinning as he ate his breakfast.
Gemma was intrigued by Nikola’s past.  There was something about him that captivated her.  “Before we proceed, I would like a chance to get to know you better, Nikola.”
“As do I, Gemma.  I am still a bit reluctant to turn you, I feel it Beck’s place to do so and not mine.” His words were not meant to be unkind, but truthful, yet even as he spoke them he knew Gemma’s beauty could certainly persuade him to change his mind about that.
“If you care to talk in private, I suggest moving your conversation to the drawing room.  I can show you where it is after we finish breakfast,” Beck said to Nikola, wanting to give them as much space as possible to confer.
Once everyone had finished their meal, Nikola walked around the table then pulled Gemma’s chair out for her.  They followed Beck through the living room and down a long hallway that ended at a set of French doors.  Behind the doors sat a large circular conservatory.  The pale bluish-gray walls harmonized with the white sheer curtains that ran the length of the two-story windows and puddled on the stone floor below.  White ornate woodwork covered almost every inch of wall, meandering into the taupe-colored ceiling that splayed into carved cherubs.  In the center of the room sat a white granite table and beautifully cushioned, high-backed chairs of the same color taupe as the ceiling. In the center of the table was a large glass vase containing long cherry branches, their green leaves and pink flowers a perfect contrast to the white wood and pale walls.  Gemma and Nikola sat down at the table as Beck closed the doors behind him on his way out.
They talked for the rest of the morning and half the afternoon.  It wasn’t until Beck knocked on the door with a tray of food, that they realized they had been talking so long. They also hatched a plan that they felt would accomplish everyone’s needs and wants.
The idea was simple; Nikola would bewitch Gemma so Beck could drink what he needed.  They figured he wouldn’t need much since he had just fed at the hospital a couple of nights before.  When Beck was done, Nikola would feed and stay with Gemma until the bewitchment wore off, then he would turn her.  In the meantime, Mae could feed on Beck, satisfying everyone’s requirements...or so it seemed.  However, one thing was omitted and could have possibly been the deal breaker…Gemma would have to spend time with Nikola in China.  He would train her to be a vampire.  They both felt Beck had too much on his plate to train her properly.
“I am not sure Mae will be happy about Gemma moving to China,” Beck said, voicing his concern which was not without merit since it was Mae’s idea to turn Gemma so they could be together.
Gemma walked over to Beck and touched his wrist lightly, “Don’t worry.  I’ll explain to her that it’s necessary.  I feel as strongly about this as Nik.”
Beck was amazed that Nikola allowed Gemma to call him Nik.  Nikola had always corrected anyone else who ever tried.  He was glad that Gemma and Nikola were getting along so well and had come up with a solution of their own.  Their plan would commence shortly after dinner.  Beck wanted to wait for the staff to go home that evening, in case things got loud and bloody.  He preferred not having to explain or risk rumors flying about.  Aidan and Meredith were now occupying the cottage together and Alexis made plans to stay with her men at the guest house.  She reluctantly invited Aaron to tag along, but only for Beck’s sake and had no intention on encouraging Aaron to think otherwise.
As the evening rolled around, they all met in the formal dining room to eat.  Mae was still in a wheelchair, but could now move her feet, giving her hope that after tonight she would make a full recovery.  Nikola was seated next to Gemma.  It was obvious there was something more than mere acquaintanceship going on between the two of them.  Alexis kept rolling her eyes every time someone would remind her that Aaron was spending the night at the guesthouse with her.  It had become the running joke of the evening, everyone but Aaron was aware of her disdain for the kind doctor.
“Mae, when you are ready, Aidan and I would like to start your training again.  We are making new lesson plans, ones that it will be easier for you to understand, which is a little ironic because it entails a whole lot of confusing scientific terminology being added to our usual simple plans,” said Meredith with a small laugh.
Mae smiled in appreciation of Meredith and Aidan’s effort to train her.  “Once I get back on my feet, I will be more than ready to start training again.”
Alexis chimed in, “Good, because your defense sucks, I plan to work your ass off.”
Mae shook her head and laughed, “Somehow I knew that was coming.”
Gemma's nerves were getting the best of her during the meal as was evident by her unusual silence.  Nikola reached over, taking her hand in his, he whispered to her, "How do you get a vampire do the dishes?"
Gemma gave him quizzical look before he replied, "You don’t…They always lick the platelet clean.”
Gemma laughed, turning her head to Nikola and giving him a quick peck on the cheek, before relaxing back in her chair.  She was glad that Beck had chosen Nikola to turn her.  To her relief, she found him far from the serious, uptight vampire that Beck had painted him to be.  She found him not only attractive, but her intellectual equal and very witty.  It was not hard to believe that Nikola had a flair for getting what he wanted.  It was hard to say no to his charm.

~~~***~~~

The meal was over and the house was empty of any unnecessary persons.  Alexis was not comfortable with Beck allowing the entire staff to go for the evening, because they had provided extra eyes and ears within and around the house.  She insisted that she and one of the guards maintain a close perimeter around the outside of the house on top of the already heavily guarded outer perimeter.  Careful to pick a guard that was part witch, Alexis did not want to deal with having to explain all the noise soon to be coming from the house.
Gemma was ready to be bewitched by Nikola.  Beck brought Mae upstairs via the newly installed elevator and took her to her room, where she settled on the chaise lounge with a Sudoku book, awaiting Beck's return.  Nikola and Gemma picked a room with a large bathroom, far from Beck's, ensuring their privacy for the night.
By the time Beck arrived at Nikola's room, he had already bewitched Gemma, who was sitting on a cushioned vanity chair in the bathroom.  Beck approached her with much trepidation, since the whole situation made him uncomfortable.  He would only take what he needed from her wrist, since the neck was a far more intimate place to feed.  Kneeling on the floor next to Gemma, he tried hard to fight his instincts to ravish her while clutching her arm and sinking his teeth into her wrist.  Gemma gasped in pleasure, wrapping one of her legs around Beck, drawing him closer.  He fought to maintain control, while Nikola stood behind her, whispering in her ear his promises to fulfill her sexual desires when Beck was done.  Moving her long blond hair away from her neck, he ran his tongue down its length, diverting Gemma's attention to him and away from Beck.  By the time Beck was done, Nikola had his tongue down Gemma's throat.  She sat on the chair with her robe half off, fully ignoring the fact that Beck was still there.  He licked the wound on her wrist, so it could heal, then got up and cleaned the blood from his lips, before leaving them alone.
When he returned to Mae's room, she was still sitting where he left her.  She looked exhausted, the Sudoku book lying on her lap closed, struggling to keep her eyes open.  He walked over to where she sat, giving her a kiss on the forehead before sitting down next to her. “You shall not be so tired, my love, after you have fed.”
Mae looked to him, holding his hand.  “I am scared Beck, I don’t know how to feed and I don’t want to hurt you.”
Beck laughed, “Rest assured my love, pain is the last thing I will feel and do not worry.  I will walk you through it.  If you are ready, I think it is time for you to learn what it is like to be a vampire.”
Mae nodded her head in agreement. Beck lifted her up and carried her to the bathroom, placing her on a wooden chair that sat in the middle of the shower.  He removed her clothes, and then his, before turning the shower and steam on.  Once it was warm, he kneeled on a folded towel on the floor in front of her, gently taking her hand in his then moved her legs to straddle his hips. “Mae, look at the side of my neck,” he placed her fingers on his jugular.  “Feel the pulse…breathe in the metallic smell of the blood running under my skin.”
She inhaled deeply, allowing the tin-like smell of his blood to permeate her nostrils…its intoxicating scent making her heart run wild.  The heat of his blood appeared like an aura around his neck as she started to hear the drumming of his pulse in her ear, beckoning to be shared.
Beck noticed her eyes dilating as if to bewitch, a telltale sign she was ready to feed.  He put his arms around her, pressing his body against hers.  His lips eagerly met hers for a brief moment before he moved over to her ear and whispered, “Mae, you are ready to drink.  All you have to do is move your lips to my neck and do what comes natural.”
She made a trail of kisses down his jaw and neck until she got to the point where his pulse was the strongest.  Her canines extended to long points, impaling his jugular without hesitation, and burying her fangs under his skin.
Beck couldn’t help but cry out as her teeth sank into his neck. It was an experience unlike anything he had ever felt, having never been fed on before.  Any pain he might have felt paled in comparison to the overwhelming excitement growing across his body and deep inside his core.  His blood sprayed across Mae’s body and face, adding to his excitement as she fed with added vigor.  Soon she gained enough strength to wrap her legs around his waist, causing him to lose all control.  Picking her up and carrying her to one of the wooden benches that lined the wall of the shower.  He laid her on her back while she continued to feed, their bodies becoming one in an unbridled frenzy, neither of them aware of anything but fulfilling a primal need.  Beck cried out as Mae arched her back in pleasure, her orgasm pulsing around his shaft so hard he could not control his unbound release.  His tears began to run down his face from being overwhelmed with ecstasy.
Mae withdrew from Beck’s neck.  She shuddered with the last wave of pleasure that left her body.  The whole event had become a blur and neither of them had a clue how long they had been in the shower with Beck’s body still looming over hers.  She released her legs which had been wrapped around his hips and he pulled away still breathing heavy from their coupling.  Mae looked around the shower, horrified and turned on at the same time by the blood that was everywhere.  It looked like some terrible murder scene instead of the site of the most intense love making she had ever experienced.
Beck could read Mae’s face while they sat on the bench together.  “That was the most incredible thing I have ever felt in my life.” He pulled Mae close and kissed her. “Do not worry about all the blood.  We can shower it off.”
“I hope I didn’t hurt you, my love.”  She kissed him once more before getting up and realizing her legs could hold her weight.  “Beck!  Look, I can walk!”  She took a couple of steps forward and threw her arms around his neck in excitement.
He lifted her from her waist and swung her around, smiling in delight.  “Being able to walk should be just the tip of the iceberg of the things you can do,” he said, putting her feet back on the ground and letting go.
Mae raised her brow, curious as to what he meant.  “What else can I do?”
“If you listen really hard you can hear Gemma and Nikola on the other side of the house.”
Mae strained to listen.  At first, the sounds were faint but when she concentrated, it was like listening to a radio. “Oh my God, I can hear them,” Mae blushed before tuning them out. “That was way more than I wanted to hear!” Mae exclaimed, still blushing at the noise Gemma and Nikola were making down the hall.
Beck laughed at her reaction, “As you already know from our little sai fight, you are about as strong and as fast as I am.  Only now you should be able to control it at will.”
“Well as much as it turns me on, I think we need to use some of that speed to clean up this bloody mess,” she laughed.
Beck and Mae helped each other get clean between touches and kisses.  When they were done, they started to clean the blood off the walls and floor of the shower.  At first Mae started humming, but before long she was singing.  Beck smiled as he cleaned, it was the first time she had knowingly sung in front of him.  It was her way of showing him that she was comfortable with him in all things, even the ones that embarrassed her.  Beck turned off the water and brought her a towel.  When he had his back turned, she snapped him in the ass with the wet towel she was using to clean the walls and ran out the door into the bedroom, laughing.
“I will get you for that!” Beck yelled, taking off after her.
Mae was halfway down the hall by the time he made it out of the room.  She turned the corner to a small hall that Beck knew was a dead end.  Running full speed, he turned the corner only to run face first into one of Mae’s rubber walls.  He lay naked on the floor, trying to catch the breath that had just been knocked out of him.
Mae ran over to where Beck lay and offered her hand to help him get up, instead he pulled her down on top of him, rolled over and pinned her to the floor.  “That was very naughty, Mae; now I am going to punish you,” he threatened playfully.
“And how do you plan on doing that?  I’m as strong as you, fast as you and obviously smarter than you,” she smiled.
Beck laughed at her remark, with her witch’s powers, she certainly had the upper hand, something he would have to keep in mind in the future.  He let his hard body settle on top of her, his lips gently touching hers.  She raised her head to meet his kiss and he pulled away from her, just far enough so she could still feel his warm breath on her skin, but too far to touch.  She just fed and he knew her sexual libido was running high, his torture would be to tease her.  He moved his tongue up her neck ‘til he reached the lobe of her ear, where he bit and tugged gently, then whispered.  “Do you like that, Mae?”  Then he began moving his hips so that his hard shaft was rubbing just the right spot, but not entering.  “Do you want more?” he cooed with his lips lightly kissing her neck as she moaned.  He sucked on her neck using his mouth, bringing the blood to the surface, she struggled to move her hips to meet his.  He released his mouth from her neck leaving a large purple mark that started to heal itself. “I know you can feel my hardness against you.  You want me to fuck you so hard, that I make you shudder all the way to your womb,” he whispered in her ear.
Mae screamed out, “Yes!” she yelled, struggling to get out of his grasp.
All of a sudden, Beck stopped what he was doing, got up, and walked away.  Mae yelled at him down the hall as she ran towards him.  “Oh no you don’t, Beckett Worthington!  You are going to finish what you started.”  Right before she got to him he disappeared, then reappeared behind her, pulling her arm behind her back and bending her over the rail by the stairs.  He grabbed a handful of her hair and yanked her head back.  She could feel his hardness grinding into her backside.
“Is this what you want, Mae?  For me to fuck you like some wild animal?” he said through gritted teeth.
She cried, “Yes! God yes! Fuck me!”
Once again, he let go of her and walked away.  She’d enough of his games; she followed him down the hall until he got to the doors of his room where she set a veil that would prevent him from passing through.
When he got to the doorway, her magic stopped him from walking through.  He looked back at her and smiled.  Then, right before she caught up with him, he materialized into the room and she let out a scream in utter frustration.  She walked up to where he stood at the foot of his bed; her eyes dilated as she attempted to bewitch him.
He looked at her and gave a loud laugh.  “My love, you have a lot to learn about being a vampire.”
Fangs were showing, she hissed like some wild animal at him and started to walk away.
He clasped her hand and drew her close. “Do not let the monster overtake Mae, I was just kidding.”
Mae sat at the edge of the bed and took a couple of deep breaths before she said anything.  “I don’t know what got into me.  I’m sorry,” she whispered, hanging her head down in shame.
“This is part of what we are.  When we feed, our primal urge to have sex takes over and sometimes it can be overwhelming.  I should not have taken my game so far.”  He sat on the bed and put his arm around her, kissing her cheek.  “Now if you are done snapping me with towels and trying to break my neck with those damn rubber walls of yours, would you mind crawling into bed next to me, so I can make love to you the rest of the night?”
“As you wish,” Mae smiled and kissed him, before climbing into bed.

~~~***~~~

It was morning, Gemma could feel Nikola stirring beside her so she laid her arm and leg across his body hoping he would realize she was awake too.  She didn’t want him to get up just yet.  For now, she wanted to revel in what they had shared the previous night.
Nikola gave a small laugh, “My pet, this is no way to try and keep a vampire from leaving.”
Gemma threw the covers back and ran her tongue down the entire length of his torso, stopping at the inside of his thigh long enough to make a hickey. “Are you sure about that?” she purred.
“Okay, I could be mistaken,” he moaned as she grazed the tip of his shaft with her lips.  “Stop your teasing, woman, I have business to attend to and you are making me want to spend my time in bed instead of tending to what needs to be done.”  Nikola kissed the top of Gemma’s head before he crawled out from under her and headed to the bathroom.
Gemma followed Nikola to the bathroom.  They both stood in the doorway stunned at the amount of damage that was done.  “Oh my fucking God, Beck is going to kill us.”  All of the mirrors were broken; but thankfully they were also glued to their frames, keeping the glass contained.  The shower door was ripped off the hinges and broken on the cracked floor tiles.  Most of the fixtures were torn from the walls and sinks, and water leaked down the broken pipes on to the floor.  All of Beck’s decorative antiques were in pieces as were most of the light fixtures.  The whole mess was covered in enough blood to make it look like a slaughter house.
“Don’t worry about this mess, my sweet.  I will settle it with Beck.  Maybe we should use your bathroom, this one seems to be a little out of sorts.”  Nikola let out a deep breath and ran his fingers through his hair.  It would not be the broken items that concerned Beck as much as the bloody mess.  It was not something he could send the housekeepers in to clean up.
They went to Gemma’s room and got ready to start their morning.  It would be her first day as a vampire and she had a lot to learn.  First thing on the list was self-control; she could not see spending the rest of her life destroying bathrooms.  Holding hands, they walked downstairs to the kitchen together.



Chapter 15


Io stared out a large observation window, her eyes fixated on the single yellow star in front of her.  It glowed brighter as they approached the edge of the solar system.  She and Nilus had made this trip not so long ago, when they hid their only child.  They didn’t plan on return so soon, but after sensing their daughter’s confused panic and then utter silence, Io could not sit idly, doing nothing.  To Io, it was not a good sign.  It meant that the safety modifications they made to her brain at her birth had worn off and her guardians, evidently, were no longer able to put them back in place.  Their careful plans to keep her safe would fail if the Veshtu or Nauss ever became aware of her existence. She was living proof that the two races were more alike than either would ever admit and a testament of the love between herself, a Nauss, and Nilus, a Veshtu.  It was a pairing that was destined to cause much strife between the two races.
Nilus walked into the room and put his arm around Io, they both gazing out into space.  “It will be okay, my love.  From what I sense, she is very well at the moment and will soon be back with us.”  He squeezed Io’s shoulder to reassure her that all would be well.
Nilus had lived many lives during his existence.  He was once a beloved prince of his home world, then a revered scientist abandoned on a primitive planet, a god of gods, and even a father to a son whom he had to leave behind with his human mother.  Now he was known only as a renegade.  His crime?  Simply falling in love with the wrong person.  Among the Veshtu, marital unions were only made for power and/or prestige, not love.  Love had no place in their world of logic, nor any other emotion for that matter.
Everything in Nilus’ life had been determined by a calculated plan, programmed at his birth.  But his plan was sabotaged the day he met Io.  Not long after the Nauss first arrived on earth, Nilus met her at a banquet in honor of the leaders of her people.  She was the most beautiful creature he had ever seen and the daughter of the Nauss chieftain.  After their union was discovered, Zeus, the Veshtu’s leader and his wife Hera tried to dissolve the relationship, but it was too late.  So they ran away together.
Io looked up at Nilus and sighed, “I wish we’d never left her there.”
Nilus kissed her forehead, “It broke my heart too.  But, this is no way to raise a child, always running…never knowing if this day will be your last.”
She leaned against his chest, “I know we did the right thing, it doesn’t mean I have to like it.”
They had already spent more than six thousand earth years in hiding.  Their marriage was considered an abomination in the laws of both races and upon being discovered, a price was placed on their heads.  During the last millennia, the political climate of the two races had changed and a certain tolerance towards the intermixing of the races had prevailed.  Io and Nilus hoped they could finally live their lives in peace.  They were living the nomadic life of Io’s people, moving from planet to planet.  Although it made it easier for them to hide, it was not what Nilus’ chose, and he soon became restless.
Feeding off the blood of indigenous animals was unsatisfying and a far cry from what he was accustomed to; he longed to feed on something more human-like.  When they arrived on a planet that contained a primitive human population, he convinced Io to settle there permanently…or so they thought.  Before long and to their amazement, Io found herself with child.  They had become so blinded with joy that they never saw or even imagined the attack that was coming.  Even though the races, in general, had become more tolerant of their union, there were still some vocal members of the community who were not.  Hence, once again, they were relegated to searching for other planets to find their peace.
It was with heavy hearts that the decision was made to leave their daughter on earth.  She was entrusted to the hands of two friends who had grown weary of the Nauss’ nomadic ways and intended to settle on Earth.
Just then, the large vessel landed on the surface of Eris, a dwarf planet on the edge of the solar system.  Io and Nilus did not want to be detected by earth’s ever-alert scientist, so they switched to a smaller, less obvious craft for the remainder of their long journey.

~~~***~~~

In London, Saran LaPierre sat behind her massive desk, staring at the two men in front of her.  It had been a little over a month since Mozenrath’s unfortunate death, but all was still going as planned.  Soon, she would be voted into the Council and before long, she’d have the other Council members questioning Calcifer’s ability to remain head of the Witches Council.  Howard and Mozenrath had only been disposable pawns in her elaborate game to rid the Council of vampire sympathizers.  After witnessing the display of power by Nikola and his fellow vampire’s at the Council meeting, it would not be hard for her to sway the others to join her cause.
“John, have you made any progress in urging the Council to speed up the process of my election?” Saran asked, in a condescending manner.  She was annoyed with his obvious inability to move things along in a pace that suited her.
John Williams sat nervously in his seat.  His deliberate loss of Howard’s case had tarnished an already questionable reputation, leaving him nearly powerless when it came to swaying the Council members.  “It looks like the only hold-up is Calcifer.  He’s still trying to convince Aidan Fitz Thomas to take the seat.”
Saran banged her fist on the table in angry disgust.  To her, Aidan was the biggest traitor of them all.  He’d been led around by the balls all his life by a vampire, yet he was the one person capable of destroying her well planned strategy.  To make things worse, he held a strong influence on many of the Council members, especially Meredith Spencer.  Until recently, she had been little more than a minor Council member with no clout.  “I want you to put pressure on the other Council members to push that vote through,” Saran ordered, “We are losing time.  We need the Council to end Mr. Worthington’s research for political reasons.  It is obvious now that burning everything to ground and wiping his database clean did little more than annoy him.”
Charles Gordon leaned back in his chair, listening to Saran’s rant.  “Our problem is not the lab, but the subject of their experiments,” he was quick to point out.  Charles had a certain arrogance about him, something he learned after years of being a business man and it bothered him that Saran treated him as if her were nothing more than a hired thug.
Saran rolled her eyes at Charles, “Thank you Captain Obvious, for your grasp of the situation.  Perhaps I need to rephrase my question.  What plans have you in mind to take care of this little problem?”
Charles tightened his jaw, he didn’t like taking orders from Saran, much less being humiliated.  If not for the promise of a place on the Council after her election, as well as her expulsion of Calcifer from power, he would have walked right out of the room.  He had no quarrel with the vampire’s and to him, Saran was just a means to an end.  “Right now they are still barred in at Lough Currane.  Security is so tight, it would not only be impossible to get through, it’s suicidal.  Even the staff is screened every day on their way to work.  We’re simply going to have to wait for them to leave, before we can make another attempt.”
“Well, you better make sure you don’t botch the job this time,” she said sarcastically.  According to her, their first attempt should have been their last.  Mae’s survival was testament that her blood was too dangerous for either side to possess.  It upset the balance of power and would eventually cause worldwide over-population, a problem they had been trying to solve for years, most recently by introducing the AIDS virus.
“Saran you need to calm down and let things progress naturally.  If you keep interfering, you’re going to end up like Mozenrath.  We already have a mole in place at the new lab, preventing any progress from being made.  Another team is all ready to take out the target once they become more accessible.  For now you need to exercise patience,” Charles explained.  Of late, Saran had left his patience running pretty thin.  Suddenly, he stood up.  “So, if you’ll excuse me. I have much to do,” exiting the room, leaving Saran to vent her frustrations on poor John.
 Charles headed back to Killarney.  His team was already there keeping track of their target, waiting for the first opportunity to finish the job for which they were hired.  It was a dangerous game they played and being caught meant death, just as Howard and Mozenrath discovered.  Unlike Saran, Charles had all the patience in the world, and had no problem waiting for the right moment to arise.

~~~***~~~

“Beck can you hand me those wire cutters?” Mae yelled, pointing to the toolbox on the floor next to the ladder on which she perched.
Beck got up from his desk and peeked into the maintenance closet.  Mae was at it again for the third time this week, he’d found her working on the network.  Had it been broken, Beck would have applauded his wife’s effort, but she was rerouting everything out of boredom.  She needed something to do besides endless lessons, of which she had soon grown bored.  “Mae, I thought we agreed that the network was running fine.  You do not need to keep tweaking it.”
Mae looked down at Beck and stuck her hand out, waiting for him to place the strippers in her hand, completely ignoring his last statement.  “I’m almost done.  Just a couple more wires and the network should be running faster than it ever has,” she predicted with giddiness.
He handed her the strippers and waited at the bottom of the ladder with his arms folded across his chest.  As much as he tried to expect it, Mae’s stubbornness was starting to wear on him.  She turned out to be a far cry from the mousey girl he met just a few months earlier.  He was comfortable giving orders and having them followed, her persistent independence would take some adjusting.  “You should be kicking back and enjoying a life of leisure, not spending your day camped out in the maintenance cabinet.”
Mae rolled her eyes as she continued to crimp the ends of the newly stripped wires.  “I need something to do, Beck.  I’m going stir crazy just sitting around every day doing nothing.”  She plugged the wires into the switch and climbed down the ladder, tossing the strippers back into the toolbox.
“You are now the lady of the manor and running this place is your job,” he bellowed.
“I’d love to, but your estate manager already runs this place like a well-oiled machine.  I need to get out of here,” she sighed, squeezing her way past Beck and plopping into one of the beanbag chairs on the floor.
“I am sorry you feel so unhappy,” he did not know what else to say, sitting in a beanbag chair next to her.
She smiled at him, “I’m not unhappy, just feeling a bit useless,” she confided, clasping his hand, leaning over, and kissing him.
“Well Mrs. Worthington, you are far from useless.  I saw the garden you started, it looks wonderful.  I also noticed how well you dealt with the contractor on the bathroom repairs…Not to mention our wedding.  Which, by the way, was enchanting,” he reminded her.
She nuzzled next to him.  “I guess I was so busy before the wedding, I didn’t have time to think about anything else.  Now that the wedding is over, I feel like I have cabin fever.”
Beck brushed his hand over her hair.  “I hope that things will get back to normal soon.  I hate this as much as you do.”  He had been working out of his game room for the last two months.  He needed to go back to Dublin and at least show his employees that he was still in charge.
“I guess I should go spend some time with Gemma.  She told me she and Nikola were leaving in a couple of days.”  Mae said, getting up then helped Beck to his feet.
He sat back down behind his desk. “I have a few more things I have to do before I call it quits for the day.  I will meet you out back later and we can watch the sunset together.”
Mae gave him a quick kiss and left to find Gemma.  Before she could make it half-way down the hall, she ran into Meredith. “Are we doing lessons today?” she asked.
Meredith started to fidget, reluctant to answer.  “No, Gemma and I were headed to Waterville. She said she had a couple of things she wanted to pick up before she leaves.”
Mae began to feel miserable again; she knew Beck would not allow her to go with them because of the danger.  “Is Aidan around?”  Maybe she and Aidan could work on the lighting spell that had given her so much trouble this week.
“Beck has him doing recon today with Alexis, in Killarney.  I just hope he doesn’t come home in a foul mood this time.  He was unbearable to be around last time they spent the day doing recon.”
Mae laughed, “I have no doubt he was seeing the profound effect she has on him.”
Mae followed Meredith down the hall, up the stairs, and down another long hall, to Gemma’s room.  It was quite evident that she’d been packing and lucky for her, she and Nikola would be taking a private jet to China.  She already had a mountain of luggage and was still not finished packing.  “Has Nikola decided when you’re leaving yet?” Mae asked, sitting down on one on the ottomans.
Gemma looked at Mae as she packed the last of her shoes in a large Louis Vuitton trunk that Nikola had given her. “Day after tomorrow.  He has some personal business to take care of.  I would stay, but I fear we still have a certain attachment to one another and the separation would be too much for either of us.”  She could read the sadness on Mae’s face.  “Mere and I won’t be long; I just have a couple of things I need to get.  Why don’t we all have tea on the patio when we get back?  You know how much I love Chef’s finger sandwiches and scones,” she smiled, trying to lighten Mae’s mood.
Mae forced a smile, not wanting to guilt trip Gemma into staying on her account.  “Tea sounds great.  Maybe I can talk Chef into making those lovely sausage and cheese quiches again.”
“Mmmm…those were to die for, weren’t they?”  Gemma grabbed her purse then helped Mae from her seat before heading out the door.  “Is there anything you’d like me to get for you while I’m out?”
“If you can find any, could you please bring me back some RJ-45 connectors?  A hundred pack should do.”  Mae was hell-bent on finishing the wiring job she started; only now, she would have to do it behind Beck’s back.
Both Meredith and Gemma laughed at her.  “Good Lord Mae, you’re such a geek…I was thinking those sexy, red panties at the lingerie shop, not a trip to the computer store!” Gemma added as they made their way out the front door.
Mae stopped and thought for a second.  “Good idea, Gemma.  If I wear the red panties with a short skirt next time I’m on the ladder wiring, maybe Beck will forget I’m working on the network again.”
Gemma was laughing so hard, her eyes started to tear up.  “Stop it before you make my mascara run!  I’m sure Beck would appreciate the sight, but I don’t think it’ll make him any happier to catch you in the maintenance closet again.”  Gemma and Meredith climbed into Meredith’s black Prius.
Mae laughed back, “Have fun, I wish I could go with you.”
“We’ll be back soon.”  Meredith said driving off, leaving Mae alone once more.
True to their word, Gemma and Meredith were not long.  By the time she’d made arrangements with Chef and helped him make sandwiches and quiches for tea, Gemma and Meredith were back from Waterville.  They all sat at the table on the patio, enjoying what was left of the day.  Soon the sun would start to set and Gemma would be one day closer to leaving.  Beck and Nikola were walking back from the guest house and met the girls on the patio.
A month had passed since Nicola had turned Gemma.  He agreed to stay a while longer, training Gemma at Beck’s, mostly because it was getting harder for him to tell Gemma no, especially since Mae’s wedding.  For as much as Nikola enjoyed his seclusion, he had come to appreciate Gemma’s company.  The sun was setting, they all gathered at the patio table under the oak Mae had grown.  “Shouldn’t you two be on your honeymoon?” Nikola asked, pointing to Mae and Beck.
“Mae refuses to go anywhere, knowing that she only has a couple more days to spend with Gemma before you carry her off to China,” Beck replied.
Mae was thankful that Gemma had been so preoccupied with Nikola that she spent little time planning the wedding.  Consequently, she and Beck’s wedding was small and simple just how she wanted it  Only a handful of selected people from Beck’s work were invited and Alexis made sure security remained tight.  As soon as Mae signed the marriage certificate she became half owner of Beck’s wealth; which, according to his lawyer, was somewhere between eight and nine billion dollars.  Apparently, he’d been amassing his wealth since the time of the Trojan War and kept a place in Monaco where he enjoyed tax-free status.  It was not what Mae expected, but Beck insisted on it, so the deal was sealed.
“I promised him we could go as soon as you two leave.  Besides, I haven’t been feeling well the last couple of days; I think I have a stomach bug or something,” Mae said, still feeling queasy from the morning.
Nikola and Beck turned and stared at her. “Why are you two looking at me that way?” Mae asked, somewhat alarmed.
“Honey, we do not get sick like that unless we feed off someone who has Nauss blood and even then, it only lasts for a few hours.  But that should not affect you because half of your blood is Nauss blood,” Beck explained, sitting next to her.
Nikola put his hand on his chin as though he were deep in thought.  “Beck, I know Dr. Thomas has been keeping an eye on her since the shooting, but I think he still needs to run a few more tests because something is not right here.”
Beck got on his phone and called the guest house where Aaron was staying for the past couple of weeks.  It seemed, in his case, persistence does pay off.  Alexis finally caved and was now the proud owner of one doctor.  “Aaron, I need you at the main house.  We are sitting on the back patio and Mae is not feeling well.”
“I’ll be there in a couple of minutes.  Did she say what was wrong?”
“She is complaining of a stomach bug,” Beck mused cryptically, hoping the doctor would understand his meaning.
“I see…I will bring the necessary equipment to check her out.  By the way, thank you for the golf cart.  It makes going back and forth to the house with equipment so much easier.”
“You are welcome and we will see you in a minute.”  Beck hung up his phone and looked at Mae.  “He will be here in a minute.”
Mae sighed, “Beck, it’s no big deal. You didn’t have to call the doctor.  I’m fine, just a little under the weather.”  Since the shooting, Beck had become so overprotective it was driving her nuts.  For as beautiful as the house was, Mae saw it as a virtual prison.  If not for her friends and her love for Beck, she would have already planned her escape.
Beck could overhear her thoughts.  He hated keeping her locked up in her own house, but it was a necessary inconvenience and the only way he could keep her safe for now.  “Mae, as soon as Nikola and Gemma leave, I will take you somewhere to do a little shopping.”  He hoped his offer to leave the house would lighten her mood.
“What?  Are you going to take me to your computer room, so I can shop on line?” she said sarcastically, raising a brow in jest.
Beck laughed, “No, I promise wherever I take you, you will have the satisfaction of taking your purchases home with you immediately.  I know how much you hate waiting for packages.”
Gemma walked up to Mae and gave her a hug from behind.  “Nik promised if I trained hard, we would visit in a couple of months.  Maybe by then you’ll have a little more freedom.”
Dr. Thomas pulled up in a golf cart and unloaded his gear.  For the sake of privacy, he planned to examine her in the makeshift bedroom next to Beck’s computer room.  Mae lay on the bed while Aaron removed stuff from his bag.  “What seems to be bothering you?” he asked, checking her blood pressure.
“Besides being cooped up in this house?” she laughed.  “I seem to be in a perpetual state of nausea and if I let my stomach get empty I throw up.”
Next, he checked her ears, throat, and glands.  “That all seems to be fine; I want to draw some blood and do one last test.”
Beck sat nervously on the end of the bed as the doctor drew blood.  “Do you think it could have anything to do with the damage from the bullets?” Beck asked.
“I have one last quick test and if that’s negative, we will have to take her in for a head scan.”  He pulled a small machine with a screen on it out of the case; it had a long wand on a cord connected to it.  “Do you want Beck to stay in the room while I do this?” he asked Mae.
Mae looked at him, completely confused by what he meant.  “What exactly are we doing, that I would want my husband out of the room?”
“I’m sorry,” he laughed. “I should have explained.  I need to do an ultra sound and the best way would be vaginally.”
“Oh…I guess he can stay, it’s nothing he hasn’t seen already,” she laughed.  It was a very uncomfortable exam, but within minutes the doctor had his answer.
“Beck, come here!” Aaron said, enthusiastically.
 Beck walked to where Aaron was holding the screen. “What is it?” he asked, not able to discern one part of the picture from the other.
Aaron pointed to the screen, “Do you see that?” then moved the wand slightly “And that?” Aaron asked.
“Yes?” Beck was still a little confused as to what he was looking at.
Aaron smiled at Beck, “Those are your children,” he divulged, turning the screen for Mae to see and then removed the wand.
Beck felt his knees start to buckle, so he sat on the bed next to Mae.  He was getting worried because she had not said a word the whole time.  “Honey, are you okay?”
“He said children!” she squealed.  “Oh my God, we’re going to be parents.  I didn’t think this would happen so soon, Beck.  I know you didn’t want kids, but you would make such a good father!  I always wanted children, but when you said witches and vampire’s couldn’t have them, I kind of figured we could adopt later down the road…He said children!” Mae was rambling on so fast that Beck could hardly tell what she was saying.
“Slow down, Mae…Breathe.”  He put his arms around her shoulders and hugged her.  “I love you,” he said before he kissed her cheek.  “Nothing could please me more, than raising children with you, Mae.”
“Well congratulations, you two!” Aaron said, shaking Becks hand.  “I will have to watch her like a hawk, this is a medical first for both vampire’s and witches.  But, it looks like you’re off to a good start.”
Mae was finally calm, “We need to make an announcement.  Do we have enough time to get everyone together for dinner?” she asked Beck.  It was hard to keep anything a secret with so much telepathy in the house.  She wanted to make sure everyone got the word at the same time in order to avoid slighting anyone.
“I think that can be arranged,” he said, picking up the phone and calling the kitchen.
Aaron packed up his stuff.  He waited for Beck to get off the phone before he talked to him.  “I will need an exam room and some equipment.”
“Get what you need.  I know Alexis has been keeping you busy, she is breaking those poor men with all of her training,” Beck commented.
“I’ve seen more broken bones, gunshot wounds, and concussions in the last month, than I have in an entire year at the hospital.  I’m sure her men would appreciate better medical care.”
Beck laughed, “I really need to have a talk with her before she makes them all quit.”
Aaron began to walk out the door.  “What time is dinner?”
“In about two hours.  I needed to give the chef enough time to come up with something fantastic,” Beck replied.
Now that Aaron was gone, he could talk in private with Mae.  She had already put her clothes back on and was sitting on the edge of the bed. “How are you doing?” he asked.
“Other than feeling violated, I feel great,” she answered, leaning back on her hands.
Beck laughed, “I apologize.  I could have left if it made you uncomfortable.”
“I’m glad you stayed,” she could see how happy he was and smiled.
Beck placed his hand gently on her belly.  “Mae, I can feel their energy!” he clasped her hand and drew it to her stomach.  “Do you feel that?”
Mae could feel the life force of the two tiny beings inside her.  Their energy was a strange mixture of hers and Beck’s.  It was so minute that had she not known she was pregnant, she would have missed it altogether.  “I feel them,” she whispered.
“You know this means no more ladders for you.”  Beck was quick to start laying down the rules.
Mae let out a deep breath, “Wow, Beck! It only took you like five minutes to start making rules…How ever did I survive without you?” she said sarcastically.
“Let us not get into it.  I am too happy to argue with you right now.”  Beck would have to back off for now.  He would talk to Aaron about it later.  Mae would be more likely to follow the doctor’s rules than his anyway.
Mae knew she would soon have her hands full.  Beck had become an over-protective husband and this could only increase his resolve in keeping her and the babies safe.  She just had to get used to it or it would stress her out; which would be bad for the babies.  She got up from the bed and looked at her husband’s long hard body stretched out.  It was hard not to think the most pornographic thoughts with such a sexy beast laid out on the bed in dormant bliss.  His happiness just added to his sex appeal.
He looked at her and smiled, “What naughty things are you thinking, Mrs. Worthington? He laughed as he sat up.
She smiled back at him and laughed, “Whatever do you mean, Mr. Worthington?  Can a woman not ogle at her husband for the mere joy of it?”
He took her hand and pulled her gently on top of him.  “Mae, I have seen that look before and the only joy you were thinking about is the kind you get when you have your legs wrapped around my waist and your eyes rolling to the back of your head.”  Her constant lust for him was one of the things he loved about her.
“Was I that obvious?” she laughed.  He was the one man who always had her in a state of arousal and she felt grateful that the feeling was mutual.  Sometimes the housekeeping staff wished they would exercise a little more discretion when it came to their trysts during working hours.  More than once, they had been interrupted by one or more domestics during their lovemaking.  However, hiding from the staff had become an added thrill and challenge.
He moved her hair out of the way and kissed her on her lips, at first gently, then with the passion of a man who just found out he was going to be a dad for the first time.
After the second kiss Mae pulled back, “We need to get ready for dinner and if you don’t stop now, we’ll lose all track of time, leaving our guests to wonder why we’re late for our own announcement party.”
Beck jumped off the bed and gave Mae his hand, pulling her close to him once more.  It was going to be a long evening, but he hoped to be satisfied later in full.  Some things were just worth the wait and Mae was one of them.  “I love you,” he whispered to her as he walked her out of the room.
“I love you, too,” she whispered back.



As a teen C.G. Powell was selected as a member of her school's newspaper staff. After her first article the editor decided the darkroom was a more suitable place for her skills…or lack of. Since then, she has traveled everywhere—thanks to her innate curiosity about the world and the Navy. In her life time, she has learned: aviation electronics, CCNA networking, Gemology and how to get bloodstains out of the carpet (you never know when you might need that). But her latest, all-consuming, endeavor is storytelling. When asked why, her response was "I live to challenge myself; I like to be pushed outside of my comfort zone and writing is one of those things that pushes my boundaries. Besides it was the only way to share all of the crap bouncing around in my head!"


Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/#!/ChristineGPowell
Blog: http://spellcheckedbycgpowell.blogspot.com/ 
Christinegpowell@gmail.com

