


Staff of Shigmar
Book 2 of The Redemption



By Clyde B. Northrup

Smashwords Edition

Copyright © 2012 Clyde B. Northrup.



This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



To my dear wife, who has supported me through the entire process. . . .
Table of Contents

Prophecy of the Chosen
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Glossary
Dictionary
Fokortheku: Book of Ortheks

Prophecy of the Chosen

At the center of the ages come those chosen of the One, they who will end Gar’s dominion; two from my own order: one more powerful than all others, doubled of another; one who opens the forbidden way, sprung from my home; one from Karble, myth reborn, dear to the people, bearing the living waters; one from Melbarth, fire of logic burning in his mind; three from the new order, one king, one queen, mirroring each other, one aperu slayer, sacrifice for another; and the cunning mouse, who penetrates all secrets; all maimed and marked by the burden of their choosing.
Darkness and evil go with them, light guides them, rumor precedes them, destruction and disturbance follow them; choose to aid them to suffer, choose to oppose them to die. . . .
Prophecy of Shigmar
Prologue

The young are foolish in that they allow feeling and prejudice to dictate their actions, landing themselves in one difficulty after another. . . .

Tarlana, Headmistress of Shigmar, 167-194

Atno 3500, Spring
The sun rose above the horizon, casting long, pink shadows across the road north out of the village of Artowgar; the peddler shook his reins, urging his mule along, confident that his servants, who lived in a tower about 20 miles west of the village, would soon discover the boy he had left in the care of the village innkeeper late the previous night, the boy they were meant to train and adopt as their own son and apprentice, one of the chosen.  The peddler jerked his head up, his eyes focusing on the empty air just above and in front of him, as if he were looking at something only he could see, his head cocked, listening.
“I’m on my way there, now,” he spoke to the empty air.
“I just delivered him to the innkeeper, who will see that he is found by our servants,” he said after a moment’s silence, as if he were answering an unseen, unheard inquiry.
“Has he?” the peddler replied, shaking his head sadly.  He listened for another moment, then his eyes went distant, as if he were seeing far, far away.
“I can see no other alternative,” he sighed, “and it will have many unfortunate consequences.”  His eyes focused again on the air above and before him, air that still appeared to be empty.
“I will take care of it now,” he noted a few moments later, “they must be protected at all costs,” he added, raising his right hand and gesturing; an archway of blinding white light opened before his mule, large enough for both mule and cart.  The archway shimmered a moment and resolved itself into a different country road, many leagues to the northwest, where the rain still fell and the sun had not yet risen.  The mule plodded through the archway without missing a step or even taking notice of the abrupt change of location and weather; the peddler pulled his hood over his head, smelling the moist air, heavy with salt, and reaching for the cart’s brake as the road plunged steeply down toward the shore of the Western Ocean and the small fishing village that was the peddler’s destination.

A hungry, crackling sound caused the old wetha to look up from her knitting and set the colorful wool and her wooden needles aside.
“Who’s there?” she called out, her voice quavering; she stood slowly, her hands on the smooth arms of her rocking chair as she peered blearily into the shadows in the direction of the sound.  As quickly as it had come, the crackling sound ceased, and a hissing, bubbling voice spoke a word that she did not understand; purple light enveloped her, putting her into a deep, dreamless sleep.  She slumped back into her wooden rocking chair, causing a sudden creaking sound that slowed and then fell silent as the chair stopped moving.
A figure, hooded and cloaked, stepped out of the shadows, its feet flapping gently on the scrubbed pine planks of the wetha’s sitting room floor; the figure held a diamond-topped rod in its two-fingered hand.  A second figure, also hooded and cloaked, followed the first, its booted feet clacking with each step across the floor; two points of red light were clearly visible inside the shadows of its hood.
The first figure looked around the room, then focused on the old wetha.  “My lord,” his voice, hissing and bubbling, began, “what do we here?  What does she have to do with the chosen?” he finished, pointing the diamond-topped rod at the wetha now slumped and asleep.
“You will place a compulsion on her mind,” the second figure answered, his voice suave and sophisticated, “to poison a wetha named Marissa; she will be calling for her soon to deliver twin sons,” he went on, moving next to the wetha and slipping a small bottle into the pocket of her smock.  “Make sure she knows where I have placed it, but does not remember it before or after–she always gives them a bitter drink to ease the birth; it will be a simple matter to add the poison to the drink.”
“But, my lord,” the first hissed, “have we not already altered the two about to be born in the future?  How do you expect to poison them in the past, knowing they already exist in the future?”
A hand shot out from the second figure and gripped the first around his neck, but the second did not choke the first, only threatened him.  “You dare question me?” the second growled, all marks of sophistication gone from his voice, his red eyes so bright they illuminated the green face of the first.
“No . . . my lord!” the first hissed.  “I do not understand the subtleties of moving through time.”
The second released the first; his eyes cooling and darkening, no longer visible in the shadows of his hood.  “If not for your ability to use that rod, I would destroy you where you stand,” the second noted in a calm voice, “now, do what I asked!” he snapped, the red of his eyes momentarily visible.
“At once, my lord,” the first replied, moving closer to the wetha, the diamond-topped rod surrounded by a sickly green light.  The wetha twitched, although still caught in the sleep orthek.
For a time, while the first worked, neither figure spoke, until the first straightened and the light of the rod winked out.
“It is done, my lord,” the first noted in his hissing, bubbling voice.
The second did not move.  “I have every confidence that my meddling brother,” he spat the word with derision, his red eyes again visible in the shadows, “will arrive in time to save the two brats; in fact, I want him to save them, since the chosen will do more to further my cause than all of my most faithful servants combined, although they will believe they are doing my father’s work!” he laughed, a low guttural sound, and the first hissed and bubbled in what must have been his version of laughter.  The second raised one hand and gestured; a black archway opened before him, and the two figures disappeared into the black doorway, the archway winking out an instant later.

“Something’s gone wrong,” the old midwife told Delgart; the tall wethi stood by the door into his house looking up at the gray-haired wetha, wringing his calloused hands.  His muscled hands and arms were bare and bore many tiny burns; he wore a leather apron that fell past his knees and was covered with blackened, burned spots.  His sandy-brown hair was long and straight and tied by a leather thong at the base of his neck; his gray eyes were bright.  A gangly boy who was a spitting image of his father stood clutching the leather apron; the fires of the forge had burned low while they had waited for word from the midwife.
“We must be allowed to see her,” Delgart said, his voice hoarse.
“Father, what’s wrong?” the boy asked.
Both adults ignored the boy.
“I might be able to save the babies,” the midwife said, “but only by sacrificing their mother.”
“Babies?” the elder Delgart asked, surprised.
“Twins,” the midwife replied, “which is why they have come early . . . ,” she added and halted when someone banged loudly on the doors to the smithy.
The elder Delgart went to and unbarred the doors; the boy, Delgart, followed his father more slowly, his gray eyes wide and staring at the midwife; his father pushed open one door, and the peddler rushed in out of the rain.
“Oh, it’s you,” the elder Delgart said, recognizing the peddler and taking his hand.  The father tried to speak, to tell his friend what was happening, but only a sob came from his mouth.  The peddler, seeing his young friend’s distress, embraced him, and the embrace gave him the courage to speak.  “I don’t know what to do,” he told the peddler.
“You must decide now,” the midwife said, “the longer you wait, the less chance of saving the children.”
The peddler released Delgart.  “Let’s go and see,” he said in his calm voice, shooting Delgart a reassuring smile; there was something in those deep blue eyes that caused Delgart to smile in return.  He led the peddler and the young boy into the house, following the old midwife into the room where Marissa lay.  The elder Delgart sobbed again on seeing his wife looking so wasted, so near death; he went at once to her side and took her hand, feeling how cold and damp her delicate hand had become, seeing how pale her skin was.  Her chest only moved feebly.
“She has been poisoned,” the peddler noted in his calm voice.
“Poisoned!” the midwife exclaimed.  “That is not possible!  I have been with her the entire time!”
“Nevertheless,” the peddler replied, “I know poison when I see it; you must take the boys before it is too late.”
“Boys?” the midwife asked, surprised.  “How do you know . . . ?”
“No time!” the peddler interrupted.  “Quickly!  Before it’s too late for the babies!”  He touched Delgart’s shoulder.  “Take your son away, and hurry!  We’ll call you back when it’s done!”
Delgart nodded once, kissed Marissa, then pulled his son with him out of the room and closed the door, leaning against it.
“What’s happened to mother?” the boy asked.
“She’s very sick, son.”
“What about my brothers, are they sick, too?”
“Maybe,” he answered, not noticing the boy’s calling them his brothers.
“Mother looks like Grandma did, before she went away.”
“Uh-huh.”
“Is mother going away?”
Delgart shrugged.
“I don’t want her to go away, like Grandma.”
“Nor do I, son,” he sobbed, squatting and embracing his son, “nor do I; I can’t imagine what I’ll do without her, how I’ll take care of you.”
“And my brothers.”
Delgart laughed through his tears and sobs.  “And your brothers.”  He stood, holding his son in his arms.  For a time they stood this way, the boy patting the father on his back while the father shed silent tears, the boy’s head resting on the father’s strong shoulder.
The door opened a while later, and the peddler beckoned them both back inside.
“We were in time to save your sons,” the peddler spoke in a hushed voice.
“And Marissa?” Delgart asked.
The peddler’s expression did not change.  “I’m sorry,” he said simply.  “You should go to her before . . . , she is holding her newborn sons,” he went on, changing what he was going to say.
Delgart entered the room still carrying his older boy, looking down at his wife, Marissa; her face had no color, her skin was waxy and hung loose on her face, and he could barely recognize that it was her.  The old midwife brushed Marissa’s hair, although it had lost its luster and was limp instead of wavy.  The two newborn boys were nursing at her breasts, propped in place by blankets and pillows; one of Marissa’s hands was placed lovingly on each head, one with hair like Delgart’s, the other with hair like hers.  Sensing his approached, her brown eyes sought and found his; she tried to smile and speak, tried to say his name.
“Del–,” was all she managed, and the last air escaped from her lungs, and the light faded from her eyes, still focused on his.
Delgart sank to his knees beside the bed, letting his boy slide to the floor beside him, his face falling onto the pillow next to Marissa’s, the light of his world going out.
“Welcome, chosen of the One,” the peddler whispered, placing one hand on the head of the elder Delgart, and one hand on the head of the younger, letting feelings of comfort flow out of himself and into them both.  He turned away, leaving the house and the forge to unload the goods he had brought and stack them carefully inside the smithy.  When he was finished, he went out into the rain, climbed onto the seat of his cart, urged his mule forward, and disappeared through a blinding white archway.

Atno 3523, Early Summer
The westering sun illuminated the yard and its perfectly trimmed trees, bushes, and lawn, decorated to celebrate the joining of one of the village’s daughters, one who had left a decade ago to study at the kailu school in Shigmar, a day’s ride to the south and founded by the village’s most famous son.  The lilacs around the yard were in full bloom, perfuming the already pine-scented air; garlands of wildflowers hung from the lower branches of all the trees and adorned the white cloths draped over the many trestle tables that had been set up around the yard.  The day had been perfect, warm without becoming too hot, clear, with a gentle breeze moving among the guests and cooling them.  The entire village attended, as the bride and her family were well-known and well-loved, but they were nearly overwhelmed and overawed by those who attended from the kailu school, since several of the masters had come, including Headmaster Myron and Master Healer Avril, for the groom and bride were apprenticed to these two masters.  There was a move by the bride’s family and the villagers, when the masters arrived, to give them special treatment, but the masters would have nothing to do with it, reminding all that only two would receive special treatment on this day, which was the reason all had gathered.
The village council had declared the day a holiday, and so after the morning had passed in frantic preparations, the afternoon passed more pleasantly, eating the food brought by all while the meat was turned on spits over great open pits, dancing to music played by all who brought instruments and could play, or just sitting and enjoying each others’ company.  The bride and groom, and their attendants, spent the first hour at the entrance, greeting all who came, accepting gifts, and listening to their advice, some of which was quite blunt.  At times, the groom, and his twin brother, although they did not look alike, were embarrassed by the talk, their faces bright red; the bride’s eyes kept darting to her new husband, a wicked grin playing at the corners of her mouth, which caused the advice-giver to laugh out loud.  Once most of the guests had arrived, the bride and groom began to move among their guests, and if they ever loitered too long in one place, the bride’s mother would shoo them onward, and so the afternoon passed pleasantly.
“Where’s he gone?” Klare asked, noticing that her brother-in-law, who should have been with her husband, was missing.  She adjusted her hair before she and her bridesmaid moved on.
Sutugno looked around.  “I think he keeps trying to catch her alone,” she said with a hint of bitterness, re-adjusting Klare’s hair and the flower wreath she wore.
Klare made a clicking sound with her tongue.  “Foolish boy!” Klare noted under her breath.  “I’ve tried to talk to him; Klaybear’s tried; I even had father try, but he won’t listen.”
Sutugno was only half-listening; she was watching the seklesa as she continued to flirt with one of the young wethem of the village.  “He is foolish if he cannot see,” she whispered to herself, then realized Klare had spoken to her.  “Sorry,” she said.
Klare looked at her for a moment, then turned to look at the seklesa with blue-black hair; she was flirting outrageously with Kleetor, and there was Rokwolf, watching her.  Klare shook her head.  “I feel about her the way I feel about you,” she noted.
Sutugno looked at Klare.  “That’s an odd thing to say: what do you mean?” she asked.
Klare’s eyes narrowed.  “You know I’ve always felt like you were a long lost sister,” she replied, turning and smiling at Sutugno.
Sutugno returned the smile.  “I know, and I agree,” she added.
Klare turned back the direction they had been looking.  “I’ve felt the same way about her,” she went on, “since I met her, but I do not understand how that could be, since my husband,” she paused, and looked at Klaybear, who looked uncomfortable speaking with a pair of village elders, then she looked at Sutugno, “how strange that word sounds in my own mouth.”
“You’ll get used to it,” Sutugno laughed.  “You were saying?”
“I was?” Klare said, sounding distracted.  “Oh, yes, I was saying since my husband has only one brother, and there are two of you: he cannot be joined to both, and she treats him as I do, as a brother.”
“And he doesn’t want me,” Sutugno said bitterly.
Klare looked at her, face concerned.  “I’m not so sure that is true,” she said.  “There is something odd about his desire for her, something unnatural about it, almost as if . . . ,” but her voice trailed off, and what she thought, she did not say.
Sutugno sniffed once and opened her mouth to speak again, but was cut off by another voice.
“Klarissa!” Klare’s mother snapped.  “What are you two doing, standing here, staring and whispering to each other?  You are supposed to be speaking to your guests!”
“Mother!” Klare jumped.  “We were just wondering where Rokwolf had slipped off to, and we were just moving on.”
Leukila smiled at her daughter, but there was a tightness around her eyes that Klare noticed.
Klare touched Sutugno’s arm.  “Better go rescue Klaybear,” she noted in a low voice, “and see if the two of you can find his missing twin.”
Sutugno looked at Klare a moment then nodded and left Klare and Leukila.
“Mother,” Klare said, taking Leukila’s arm, “I haven’t had anything to eat or drink in a long while, and you look famished.”
Leukila’s eyes narrowed as she looked at her daughter.  After a moment, she replied, “I am a little thirsty.”
Mother and bride moved together to one of the serving tables, where one of their neighbors was currently taking a turn serving; she filled them cups and congratulated Klare, then turned to help others.  Klare and her mother moved to one side.
“Mother,” Klare began without preamble, “something is troubling you.”
Leukila looked shocked.  “What a thing to say,” she replied, “on this day, of all days!”
“Mother, I can see there is something bothering you.”
Leukila shook her head.  “No, I am fine.”
“Mother, don’t force me to use my powers,” Klare threatened, “to delve into your mind and discover what is troubling you.”
“Klarissa!  How dare you speak to your mother that way!” Leukila replied.  “You stop this at once, or I will call your father, and he will put you over his knee and smack some sense into you!”
Klare laughed.  “Here?  At my age?  Really, mother, you should confine your threats to ones that are actually possible.  Besides, I do not think Daddy would paddle me today: he might give Klaybear instructions. . . .”
“Klarissa!  You keep a civil tongue!” Leukila exclaimed.  “At least in front of our guests,” she added and laughed.
Klare smiled sheepishly.  “Now will you tell me what is bothering you?” she asked.
Leukila looked at her daughter closely.  “I have to keep reminding myself that you are no longer a little girl,” she noted with a hint of sadness, “since you spent most of the last ten years away from home,” she idly straightened the garland crowning Klare’s head, “which is where my trouble began.”
Klare frowned.  “You didn’t want me to study at Shigmar?” she asked.
“No, that’s not it,” Leukila replied, “but we realized then that this day would come, the day when you would be joined to another kailu, and we would not . . . ,” but she stopped and turned away from her daughter.  “It does not matter.”
Klare suddenly realized what was upsetting her mother.  “Mother, I am so sorry,” she said, “I never realized . . . ,” she went on, but Leukila cut her off.
“Let it go, Klarissa,” Leukila said, “it does not matter; what matters is that you have done the right thing, and you have kept the vows you made to your order.  That means more to me than . . . ,” she paused, “well, than anything else.”
“Tears already?” a new voice, the voice of Klare’s father, asked.  “You promised, my dear, that there would be no tears until the celebration was over.”
Leukila pointed at Klare.  “It is her fault, Blekan,” she said, “she extorted them out of me.  I think you should put her over your knee!”
Blekan coughed.  “Well,” he said, clearing his throat, “I think she’s too old for that, my dear, but if she wants me to, I could speak to her husband about it . . . ,” he left it hanging, exchanging a knowing grin with his wife.
Klare frowned at them both.  “You both need to leave him alone,” she said firmly, “it is not his fault that his mother died when he and Rokwolf were born, and his father was injured and unwell after that, and so never got around to teaching him those things.”  She looked to where Klaybear stood talking with Sutugno, Rokwolf, and several villagers, and a wicked grin crept across her face.  “I’ll handle the rest of it,” she whispered to herself.
Both her parents were laughing at her; she looked at them, a surprised look replacing the grin she had been wearing.  “What is so funny?” she asked.
Her parents looked at each other; her father spoke first.  “I really think this falls into your realm, my dear.”  He smiled.
“Thank you, my love,” Leukila replied, “I think this one does.”  She smiled the exact same smile that Blekan wore.  “There is a huge difference between knowledge and experience,” she said.
Klare’s look of uncomprehension caused both her parents to laugh.  “What are you saying?” Klare asked.
“Think about it,” Leukila said, and she kissed Klare on one cheek.
At the same time, her father kissed her other cheek.  “It will come to you,” Blekan said, and they turned away from her to rejoin the celebration, “sooner or later,” he added as they walked away.
Klare thought about it while her parents walked away, then decided that she needed some more experience, so she took a drink from her cup and put it on the table, then flew into her husband’s arms, kissing him until she felt her knees growing weak, and the cheers and clapping of their guests filled her ears.  Even before she opened her eyes, she could feel her husband’s face pulsing with embarrassment; she grinned up at him mischievously, then turned and looked for her parents.  Both were smiling, and her father nodded to her.
“Klare,” Klaybear hissed, “what are you doing . . . in front of all these people?”
Klare looked back into his deep, brown eyes, ran her fingers through his curly brown hair, and spoke.  “This is only the beginning,” she said softly.

Atno 3523, Fall
The drum beat endlessly, pounding out the rhythm, stroke by stroke, of the constant misery of existence, of sweat and stench, of continual rotation: two hours at the benches, two hours chained in the hold to rest; but no rest was ever possible for the drum beat, heard through the cracks in the planking overhead, felt through the soles of the feet as it vibrated through the entire ship, monotonous, never changing, ever present, ready to call one back to the benches and the torture.  The cruel masters thrived on inflicting pain upon their slaves, and they cared not for any who fell, nor for those who sickened and died: these were unceremoniously tossed overboard, only to be replaced by a seemingly endless supply of new ‘recruits,’ torn from their families, dragged from their villages, to keep their masters’ ships moving on the seas, whether the wind blew or not.  Few survived longer than six months; even fewer lasted a year; only one had ever survived for multiple years: a young wethi, strong, tall, with long dirty blonde hair, who rarely spoke, but when he did, spoke well, and he would help the others when he could.  Rumors said that he had once been a cabin boy, grown up serving a captain but had fallen out of favor and had been consigned to die on the benches.  Somehow, he survived.
A storm lashed the ship; this tall, young wethi had been kept at the benches without a break all day and well into the night, and eighteen hours of rowing in a storm were beginning to take their toll on him.  He was not the only one: only one-third of the oars were currently manned, and most of the pirates were in their hammocks, too ill to work their stations.  An hour before, the pirate captain had finally admitted defeat and had turned the ship toward a safe harbor where they could weather the storm.  A shout, followed by the sounds of the anchor, and the drum beat stopped; those few still at the oars slid off their benches, gasping for breath.  The slavemaster moved forward to unchain the slaves from their benches and move them back into the hold.  As he moved down the port side, the captain came in and whispered something to the slavemaster, after which both looked to where the young wethi had slumped over his oar, the dirty rags he wore soaked with sweat, spray, and rain, his dirty hair hanging over his face and dripping onto his feet, the chains, and the deck.  The captain stalked away; the slavemaster moved on, down the port side, skipping over the young wethi, then back up the starboard side, and without a backward glance, led the line of exhausted slaves down the stairs and into the hold.  A few of the slaves kept glancing back at the young wethi, but none of them mentioned him, knowing that to do so would evoke sharp retribution from their masters.  The young wethi was too tired to do more than glance at his fellows as they were led away before he slid onto the floor.
Two hours before dawn, the storm had only lessened slightly; one of the younger pirates was aloft in the crow’s nest scanning the horizon for signs of pursuit.  Below, the bosun lay on the deck in a swoon, supposedly on watch but overcome by the rum he had drunk to give him courage to stand watch and face the storm.  The one slave chained to his oar still slept, his breath wheezing, and he constantly twitched, as if his dreams were unsettling; his hands were raw and covered with dried blood, his ribs visible, and his lips were dry and cracked; his cheeks were hollow, and there were dark circles beneath his eyes.  The space beside him shimmered, and a figure, half of shadow, half of light, formed in the air beside the young, unconscious slave, a figure so insubstantial that one could see the other oars and benches through the figure.  A single point of light shot from the ghostly figure up to the crow’s nest, circled the pirate twice, then winked out, and when this point went dark, the pirate above slumped, instantly asleep.  The ghostly figure lowered his hood and looked up, making sure the pirate above him had gone to sleep; the face revealed resembled the young slave who lay sleeping on the deck, although the figure was not as tall as the living wethi.
“My son, wake up,” the ghostly figure said in a voice that was barely more than a whisper, but seemed to penetrate the sleeper, who stirred and rolled from his side onto his back.  “If you continue in this stupor much longer,” the figure whispered, “you will die.  Wake!” the figure commanded, and the young wethi moved again, pushing himself painfully into a sitting position, leaning heavily against his rowing bench.
“Wh-huh?” he croaked, struggling to open his eyes and focus them on the figure floating in the air before him.
“You must wake up, or you will die,” the figure repeated.  “It is not your time to die; there is too much for you to do.”
The eyes opened wide.  “Father?” he asked.  “Is that you?  But you are dead: I dreamed that you died.”
The figure smiled pleasantly.  “Yes,” he replied, “I have died, and I was your father in life, but do not be frightened by me now: I have not come to torment you, but to give you hope.  You have to hold on a little longer, and if you do, you will become greater than you can possibly imagine, the greatest of anyone in our family, you and your twin brothers.”
“But Father,” the young slave interrupted, “I cannot hold on any longer; I know you have seen how badly I am treated: I will not survive, I have already survived longer than anyone ever has.  It is only a matter of time before . . . ,” he hesitated, and in that moment the ghostly figure spoke again.
“Only you control your destiny,” the figure said, “no one controls it for you.”
The young wethi laughed, which started him coughing; it was several minutes before he could speak.  “I am a slave,” he croaked, “my life, my being, my destiny, as you put it, is controlled by my masters.”
“No!” the figure denied.  “Have you learned nothing from your experiences?” he asked.  “I did not raise you to give in, to give up; I did not raise you to be a slave to someone else.”
The young wethi was angered by these words; he held up his manacled and chained wrists and shook them at the figure.  “Look at these!” he shouted.  “These are the chains of a slave!  I have no choice in this.”
“Iron chains do not make a slave,” the figure replied in the same soft, whisper, and he pointed to the young wethi’s forehead.  “The chains are in here; you always have a choice, my son: you are still in control of your destiny,” and with those words, the ghostly figure shimmered and vanished.
The young wethi was so angered by the words that he roared out loud, waking both the bosun and the pirate in the crow’s nest.
“What is it?” the bosun shouted.
“I don’t know,” the pirate above replied but stopped, “wait, I see something.”  He lifted the spy glass to his eye and pointed it in the direction he had been looking when he woke.  After a moment, he saw what they feared: a ship bearing the banner of the Fereghen, coming toward them.  “Another ship!” he shouted.  “A ship of the Fereghen, in pursuit,” and the bosun rang the alarm that sounded below.  Shouts were followed by running feet, then the clinking of chains, as pirates ran up from below, and a line of slaves was hurried into place from the hold.  The young wethi was taken back to the hold and finally fed and given water, which he hardly tasted as he ate, his thoughts filled with the last words he had heard, and the words caused a great anger inside, an anger that did not find a release until two hours later, when it was his turn to be led again to the benches.  Each stroke, each beat of the drum, reinforced the words: Iron chains do not make a slave; the chains are in your mind; you always have a choice; you choose your destiny.  Again, and again, with every pull of the oar, with every thud of the drum, the words burned through his mind, feeding his anger and powering his every stroke.  His father did not know, could not know, what it was like to be a slave!  How could he understand the misery, the endless days, the constant torment of the lash, the monotonous thump of the drum that haunted every moment, whether awake or asleep, of every day of his life?  The drum beat on, and with every pull of every oar, and every lash of the slavemaster’s whip, he moved farther and farther away from the ship of the Fereghen that symbolized freedom.  The chains were in his mind?  The sting of the whip brought him again back to reality, his reality, and he thrust the words back into a dark corner of his mind, but the anger drove him on.

Chapter 1

While it is true that we can force the dead to answer our questions, it is dangerous to use this power, especially when the corpse was a powerful tekson in life. . . .

from Annals of Melbarth, Third Series, Early Lectures of the Hierarchs
Guest Lecture by Headmaster Shigmar

Atno 3524, “The Great Year,” Spring
“You are late,” the hooded figure said, stepping out of the shadows.  The voice was muffled; the eyes gleamed in the dim light.
The two soldiers stopped, turning to face the now visible figure.  “We had to wait until the barracks cleared,” one hissed, “you didn’t want us followed.”
The hooded figure growled, but then fell silent for a moment; the two soldiers shifted restlessly.  “No,” the hooded figure said, finally.  “What report?”
“All goes as planned,” the same replied.  “The chosen are imprisoned, and the Headmaster discredited.  The master,” the word caused him pain, but he went on, “went down about an hour ago to rape the witch.  We subverted the right guards, so all is in readiness.”
“Excellent,” the hooded figure replied, “the plan . . . ,” he began, but his voice trailed off.  His body jerked to one side, as if he had been struck; he was suddenly encased in red light.  The two soldiers stepped back, afraid of what was happening.  After a few moments passed, the light went out, the hooded figure sighed and slumped onto the stone floor.  The two soldiers made no move to help the hooded figure rise, waiting for him to recover on his own.  The hooded figure climbed painfully to his feet, swaying where he stood.  He took a moment to collect himself before speaking.  “I have new orders from the Great Lord,” he said weakly.  “The chosen have escaped and are hiding somewhere beneath the city.  We must move up our plans and attack as soon as the hordes arrive.” He looked across the underground river and sewer of Shigmar.  “Now, there is a mouse lurking nearby that we must capture.  From him we can extract the location of and access to the others.”  Grins widened on the two soldiers’ faces.

Tevvy flitted from shadow to shadow, making not a sound.  The hood covering his head and face fulfilled the double function of hiding his face from the dim magluku illuminating the passage and filtering out the stench of the sewers beneath Shigmar.  The leather of his suit had been tanned and dyed to be non-reflective, so that with his eyes, hands, and feet blacked-out, only the gleam of his eyes could be seen in the dimly lit passages as he glided silently north.  The silence of his movements contrasted the volume of his thoughts; his mind raced, and the wise, though dry, inner voice screamed warnings.  He was a fool, the voice told him, over and over again, giving many sound reasons why he should abandon the sewers, Shigmar, and the group of wethem waiting for his report, hiding in a secret cavern beneath the sewers of Shigmar.  He should climb down the rope he left tied just outside the sewer exit, a ruse to trick those who wished to catch the wethem waiting for him, make them think the wethem had left Shigmar, and never again let his shadow, or his feet, touch any part of the home of the kailum.
He shook his head, trying to stop the thoughts that distracted him from his present purpose: to find out what those two soldiers were doing in the sewers.  Both of the kailum had said that the soldiers, especially since they entered the sewers from their barracks rather than their guard tower, should not be in the sewers at this late hour.  Tevvy reckoned that it must be three hours past midnight, although his reckoning was surely off, since they had spent at least an hour in the Chamber of Stasis, the cavern where the wethem waited, with the door closed.  This meant, according to the maghi, Thal, that it was the same time outside the room, when he left, as it was when they entered.  Tevvy did not pretend he understood the teka, or how it worked; he was not sure he even accepted that it did work; it was another reason to flee while he had the chance.  The wise voice, reminding him of his grandmother, continued to remind him that he was a fool for accepting anything he had heard or seen since he had fallen in with the wethem, but the Voice had called them the chosen of the One.  His father had told him something about it just before he left, speaking of the chosen, and the prophecy concerning them.  He was not sure what it meant, other than a lot of trouble.  There was the prophecy of the first kailu, Shigmar, that they said named him the “cunning mouse who penetrated all secrets.”  He liked the sound of it, “cunning mouse,” and thinking about it made him smile.
Run away! his grandmother’s voice shouted at him, run away while you have the chance!  He jerked himself back to the present: the sewers and the two soldiers.  If he continued like this, he would be caught and end up imprisoned, or worse.  The wethem would then have to rescue him, and he could see the gloating smile of that wretched kortexi, who, he believed, still did not trust him; he would gloat and tell the others, See!  Did I not warn you that the thief could not be trusted?
Damn the kortexi! his grandmother’s voice shouted.  Yes, he thought, he’d like to, but the others, even the females, liked and believed him, so that line of thinking was useless.  But the wetham liked him, too, Klare and Marilee; they had both treated him very well, but one of them had gone back to Holvar with the kailu’s older brother, Delgart.  Those two had been oddly deformed by the curse and sign they all wore: half of the sign had been written on each of their faces, so that if they stood cheek to cheek, one could see the whole sign.  He had noticed that they were careful not to stand that way, as completing the sign caused them pain, and an angry red pulsing like he had seen in Klaybear’s hand and forehead on the night he had found Tevvy in the ditch.  That had frightened him; he was sure he had been found by a villain.  You should have run then.  Perhaps, but he needed healing, and the kailum of Shigmar were the best, most trustworthy healers, and after all, his father had meant for him to join Myron’s apprentice, who had been the one to find him.  Odd how these things worked out.  He suddenly realized that he was standing at the center of crossing passages, unmoving and completely in the light.  He jumped back and into the shadows.
You’re headed for trouble, the voice told him.  He was indeed, if he kept on like this; he needed to shut off his thinking.  He looked carefully down each passage, searching for the soldiers’ tracks, hoping that he had not confused them by distractedly moving forward.  He saw them directly ahead, still moving north through the sewers, heading to the northern parts of the city.  He slipped silently across, passing a passage to his left, and then one to his right; the passage ahead became a bridge over the east branch of the main sewer.  He approached the edge of the bridge carefully, stopping and listening for voices; he heard only the sound of water moving and dripping, echoing strangely in the confined stone space.  He looked carefully around the corner to his left, toward the area where they had heard voices earlier.  He saw the central point of the sewers, an area that was open and visible across the river, with stairs leading up and the river cascading down to the sewer level.  He reckoned that about half-an-hour had passed since they had entered the sewers, forty-five minutes since the kortexi had gone berserk and killed Ghelvon, which meant he had barely fifteen minutes before the guard in the dungeon changed and the bodies were discovered.  The alarm would follow, if it hadn’t already been raised, and the sewer would be filled with soldiers looking for the chosen.
Escape is still possible: just go to the nearest sewer exit, the voice whispered to him.  He could, and leave the chosen to their fate.  It would be easy; he was sure he could pick the lock on the sewer grate, slip out, and wait by the city gates until they opened, then slip out with the rest of the merchants leaving.  He could probably even get a job with one of them, scouting out the road ahead; it wouldn’t be a great deal of ghelwum, but it would be safer than staying here.  That kortexi did not trust him; he would be trouble, always asking questions and accusing him of breaking the law.  He’d probably turn him in, the first chance he got, and he, like all his order, had a rigid set of values that would get in the way of Tevvy’s work.  One had to “bend the rules” in order to find out secrets; wretched kortexi!  He would constantly get in the way!  On the other hand, if he went berserk like he did in the dungeon, he would be very useful in a fight; and that power of his sword to open instant doorways–that would be even more useful.  Tevvy sighed, and he saw an image of his father, face filled with disappointment that his son and most gifted student had run away from the opportunity he had been given.  He wondered what his father would say, if he told him that he was the one spoken of in the prophecy, at least that is what the voice they had heard said, a voice the others identified as the One.  He sighed again, pulled his thoughts back, and silently cursed.  He wondered how many of his precious minutes had been lost while he mused, when his mind registered a sudden, sharp pain, and then the passage whirled and went dark.

“How long has it been?” Klaybear asked, looking up from the scroll he was reading.
“Huh?” Thal replied, looking up from a different scroll, his face confused.
Klaybear raised one eyebrow.  “I asked, how long it has been?”
“How long,” Thal began, brow wrinkled, “since . . . ?”
“How long,” Klaybear said, trying to keep his voice level, “since Tevvy left?”
Thal looked around, then looked back at the kailu sitting across the table from him.  He then looked down at his scroll and rolled out what he had read.  “At least an hour, maybe a little more.”
“What are you reading that has so thoroughly occupied your mind?” the kailu asked.
“A treatise on the fundamentals of teka,” Thal replied, “written by Melbarth.  I’ve picked up several ideas that we have lost, subtleties of using teka that I’d like to try.  And you?”
“Shigmar’s narrative on how all things came to be,” Klaybear replied, “the creation of the universe.”
“Melbarth has referenced the work several times already,” Thal said.  “The powers we wield are directly related to the elements out of which each race was formed; as we were created from the elements of earth and water, the working of teka using these two elements comes easily to us, and we are capable of more intricate and more subtle works with these elements, either individually, or when mixed together.  When using the element of air, our teka is more crude, more a release of raw energy, and we have less control over the teka, and so we must be very careful in its use.  We can add the greater elements of fire or frost, or the powers of light and Void. . . .”
Klaybear interrupted.  “I only wanted to know how much time had passed, and should we begin to worry about the awemi,” he said.  “I did not expect a discourse on the fundamentals of teka.”
Thal was stunned.  “I’m sorry,” he said.  “I just got a little sidetracked when you asked me what I was reading. . . .”
Klaybear laughed.  “Yes, and you took that as an opportunity to discuss it.”
Thal grinned sheepishly.
“Should we go looking for Tevvy?” Klaybear asked.
“I would just start retching,” Thal said, “if I went back out there.”
Klaybear shrugged.  “So I’ll go looking for him.”
“Yes, and the first soldier who sees you would raise the alarm, grab you, and drag you straight to the headsman,” Thal noted wryly.  “Besides, neither one of us has had much rest. . . .”
Klaybear interrupted him again.  “So we just sit here doing nothing?”
“We need the others,” Thal said, looking first toward the room where Klare slept, and then toward the room where the kortexi lay.  “Blakstar would have a better chance of taking care of himself, and Klare would draw less attention. . . .”
Again, the kailu interrupted.  “I’m not sending her out alone.”
“I’m not suggesting it,” Thal replied, “but they are both asleep, and we are unrested.”
“Don’t you know some orthek that would clean the air? or prevent you from being sick?”
“Those are issues of health,” Thal replied, “so, wouldn’t they be more in your realm than mine?”
Klaybear shrugged.  “Perhaps, but it is beyond my present ability; I hate sitting here doing nothing, just waiting.”
“Our studying these ancient manuscripts is not nothing,” Thal countered; “it is the best use of our time,” he stopped, suddenly realizing the answer.  He leapt out of his chair, knocking it over.
“Quiet!” the kailu hissed.  “Are you trying to wake them up?”
“Sorry,” Thal said, stooping to right his chair.  “I just remembered that time is at our fingertips.”
“Huh?” Klaybear replied, confused.
“The awemi is late returning from his spying and misdirection.  We need the kortexi and your wife to go look for him, and they both need to finish resting before they could go looking for Tevvy.  Since he is outside this room. . . .”
“We close the door,” Klaybear continued, “freezing the awemi where he is while giving Blakstar and Klare the time they need to rest,” he finished.  “Is it safe?”
Thal shrugged.  “It should be for a few hours, anyway,” Thal noted, “long enough for them to rest.”  The maghi smiled.  “And it gives us the time to study more of these texts,” he added, then stood and moved down the hallway to close the door.

Mistress Storga shook her head.  “I cannot understand, Headmaster, how you can still defend your apprentice after seeing all this,” she said, waving her arm over the devastation in the dungeon guards’ common room.  “Master Ghelvon and his apprentice killed, the contingent of soldiers manning the dungeon all killed, your apprentice and the others escaped, set free by the two soldiers on duty: how can you still believe they are not agents of Gar?”
“Ghelvon’s neck was crushed,” Master Ghreis noted, “the renegade kortexi is certainly strong enough to have killed him.”
“But there was no mark on his apprentice,” Myron said, “and his heart lying on the floor nearby: how could any of them manage that?  And what about the room no one had ever seen?  How did they create that?”
Master Wegex shrugged.  “They were obviously deeper into the evil of Gar than we would have thought.”
Avril shook his head.  “You are not thinking,” he noted, “how could they have deceived all of their masters?  If there had been even a hint that they had become corrupted, we would have known.”
“Perhaps,” Myron said, “or perhaps not.”
Avril looked puzzled.  “What do you mean?”
“We had a traitor among us that no one recognized,” Myron replied.
Storga laughed.  “Yes, your apprentice, Headmaster.  How can you deny the evidence?”
“I think, Storga,” Myron began, “it is you who are denying the evidence, although it is right in front of you.”
Storga snorted; Ghreis shook his head, but Wegex was outraged.  “How dare you accuse us of ‘denying the evidence’ when you will not admit the possibility that you could have been wrong about your apprentice?”
“The chosen did not kill anyone in this room, or on this level of the school,” Myron said.  “Look just at this room,” Myron pointed to the corpses, moving his arm in a circle.  “Look at the way they are all circled around their captain, who lies at the center, his sword arm burned, as if he had. . . .”
Mistress Storga interrupted.  “There is a way to answer this question.”
“What are you suggesting?” Master Grheis asked.
She spoke hesitantly.  “We could use aneksaro,” she whispered.
The others looked at her suddenly.  Only Avril spoke.
“That is dangerous teka,” Avril said, “and we are one master short.”
Myron looked around.  “That teka must be used soon after death, so we do not have the time to raise someone to master.”
“We are strong enough,” Storga said.
“We have a quorum,” Wegex added.
“Then let us vote,” Myron said.  “All in favor, raise your right arm.”
Storga and Wegex raised their arms immediately; Ghreis followed.  Avril took and held Myron’s eye for a moment before speaking.
“I am opposed to this action,” Avril said, still looking at Myron.
“Do you doubt our strength?” Storga asked, still holding up her arm with the others.
Avril shook his head and turned his eyes on Storga.  “I do not doubt our strength; I feel there is a threat close by, one that we have not recognized, one that is waiting for its moment.”
“Yes,” Myron agreed, “there is some threat nearby.”
“The only threat nearby,” Storga said, “is your escaped apprentice, and the others you name the ‘chosen.’”
“Do we use aneksaro?” Ghreis asked.
“It will give us a clear answer,” Wegex said.
Avril again looked at Myron.  After a moment, Avril raised his arm very slowly.  Myron sighed.  “Very well,” the Headmaster said, “form a circle around the corpse.”
Myron stood at the head of the fallen captain, Avril at his feet; Wegex and Ghreis stood on his right side; Storga on his left; all planted the heel of each staff sharply against the stone floor.  A circle of green fire flared to life on the floor around the corpse from the heel of each staff.  When the circle completed itself, a shimmering green dome of transparent light covered and encircled the corpse.  Myron spoke the word of power, “mortiswera,” then asked the question, “How did you die?”
A breath of air circled the room, causing things around the room to move slightly; a low whispering sigh came out of the ground, moved around the circle, then entered the green shimmering dome, then the corpse, causing the dead captain’s chest to rise, as if he were taking a breath.  As the chest fell, the sigh came out of the corpse’s mouth, forming words: “the kortexi’s sword, I drew the kortexi’s sword.”  The magluku lighting the room winked out, plunging them into momentary darkness before winking back to life; the sound of two boulders slamming together shook the floor of the room, causing the five masters surrounding the corpse to sway.
Storga asked a second question.  “How did the others die?”
Again, a breath of air circled, followed by a whispering sigh; the chest filled, then emptied slowly, forming the words: “the sword exploded.”  The magluku winked; the sound of boulders slamming together shook the floor; the five masters swayed.  Myron lifted his staff, ending the orthek.
“He has been dead many hours,” Myron said, “we dare not risk further questions.”
“We did learn something important,” Avril added, “the kortexi’s sword is genuine: artifacts of great power generally take care of themselves.”
“We did not learn the sword was genuine,” Storga protested, “only that it is an artifact of great power; the kortexi is still a renegade, in my mind.”
Wegex nodded his assent; Ghreis looked puzzled.
“Let’s try the others,” Storga suggested, “perhaps we can get more from them, since they have been dead only a few hours.”
Avril shook his head.  “We must be very cautious,” he said.  “Ghelvon was powerful in life; if we question him too long, he could return as a powerful purgle.”
Myron nodded.  “His behavior during the trial was odd, unlike his normal self.”
Storga snorted.  “Only odd because he accused your apprentice.  We know of the rivalry between your two apprentices, involving Avril’s apprentice.”
Ghreis rubbed his gray stubbled chin.  “Yes, but Klaybear won that contest, so reason for revenge would have motivated Malkonik, Ghelvon’s apprentice, rather than Klaybear.”
Myron looked up at Ghreis suddenly, pieces of a puzzle falling into place, but still not enough to detect the pattern, or what it meant; he looked at Avril, then frowned.
Avril shrugged.  “A few questions only, I think,” he said.
The others nodded, then all moved out of the guard chamber and down the dungeon hall to where Ghelvon’s body lay, head turned in an odd angle.  His apprentice lay a few yards away, his bloody heart nearby.  As they had done before to the captain’s corpse, so they surrounded Ghelvon’s body, Myron at the head, Avril at his feet, Wegex and Ghreis to his right, and Storga left.  The five staff heels clunked against the stone floor, circle of green fire flaring to life, completing and creating a dome of shimmering green light that surrounded the corpse.  “Mortiswera,” Myron commanded, and a breeze raced down the hallway, became a low sigh that entered and filled the lungs.  As the chest rose, Myron asked, “how did you die?”
The chest fell slowly, the moan becoming words.  “I do not know.  I remember Malkonik coming to my study, a red haze, then I stood beside my broken body as you see it.”  The words trailed into a sigh; the magluku lighting the hallway winked out, followed by the sound of boulders crunching together; the magluku winked on; the five masters swayed.
“When you saw your body lying here as it is,” Storga began, “did you see anyone else in this hallway?”
A breeze slid down the hallway, becoming a low moan that filled the corpse’s chest; the chest fell, and the moan formed into words.  “Malkonik lay where he is; I saw his beating heart hit the ground.”  A breeze became another moan; the chest rose, and the moan formed words.  “I saw a kortexi flung into the wall, limp.  Then I saw others coming down the hall; Myron’s apprentice went into this strange room.”  Another breeze, another moan forming words.  “He came out of the room leading Avril’s apprentice, then all went back down the hallway toward the cells.”  The chest fell, the magluku winked out, boulders crashed together, and the magluku winked on; the five swayed.
“How long, Ghelvon, since your apprentice came to your room, and you saw the red haze?” Storga asked.
The breeze came howling down the corridor this time, and the low moan became a howl of rage; the corpse twitched, hands clenching, head turning, dead eyes opening, and a snarl beginning to form on the dead lips.
“Release the orthek!” Avril shouted.
“No!” Storga countered.  “We must know!”
Ghelvon’s corpse started to sit up.  Myron lifted his staff and broke the orthek, but the corpse continued to struggle to rise.  Avril leapt forward, feet crashing into the corpse’s chest; his staff in one hand, and the symbol of Shigmar in the other, both brightly glowing with green light, thrust toward the corpse.
“Remoryet!” Avril commanded.
The snarl turned into a wail, sailing away from them down the hall; the magluku went out; the sound of mountains crashing together shook the hallway, hurling the five masters from their feet; flakes of stone and dust fell around them.  The magluku stuttered, then grew from dim spots of light to their normal brightness.  The dust was lit suddenly by a bolt of green power, shot from Avril’s staff toward the ceiling.
“What are you doing!?” Wegex spat; he knelt next to Storga, examining her.  “Are you trying to bring the ceiling down on us?”
“Kwalu,” Avril hissed through gritted teeth.
“Here?” Ghreis coughed.
“I saw it hovering above us,” Avril said, “as I fell, watching us.”
Myron got slowly to his feet, then reached out a hand to help Ghreis stand.  “That would explain much,” he noted, reaching out to help Avril get up.
Avril nodded as he stood.  “Particularly, why he could not remember what happened to him after his apprentice arrived, so he must be the traitor.”
Wegex’s hands glowed green over Storga’s head, then she coughed and opened her eyes.  “Are you all right?” he whispered.
“Yes,” she replied, “just knocked out from the concussion.”
Above them, the other three continued to speak.
“I caught a glimpse of something as we fell,” Ghreis was saying.  He looked at Avril.  “Are you sure it was a kwalu?”
Avril nodded.  “I am fairly certain.”
“That would explain the heart,” Ghreis said, “since that is a kwalu trick.”
“Ghelvon said he saw a kortexi nearby,” Myron mused.  “Isn’t it odd that he did not recognize Sir Blakstar?”
“How do you know it was he?” Ghreis asked.
“There was no other kortexi in the school,” Myron replied.
Wegex was helping Storga to her feet.  She brushed the dust off her robes before speaking.  “How do we know it was not another kortexi, who entered the dungeon from the sewers and released the traitors, causing all this devastation?”
Avril laughed.  “Can you honestly imagine,” he began, still chuckling, “any kortexi sneaking anywhere?  It is against the kortexi creed!”
“All right,” Storga replied, “I was reaching.”
“Ghelvon also said,” Myron went on, “that he saw Klaybear lead Klare out of this strange room; what was she doing here?”
Storga pointed to the lifeless form of Ghelvon’s apprentice.  “I’m sure he can tell us.”
“With a kwalu floating around,” Avril snorted, “you want to try again?  Have you lost all sense?”
“He was only an apprentice,” Storga said.  “Four of us could make him speak, while the fifth keeps the kwalu at bay.”
“We need to recapture the renegades,” Wegex said.  “They will answer our questions before they are punished.”
“Have you been asleep, Wegex?” Avril retorted.  “They are not renegades!  Their trial was orchestrated by a kwalu possessing Ghelvon; are Myron and I the only ones who noticed how odd his behavior was, how he out-thought the son of Kalamar?  Ghelvon was never that smart!”
“How dare you accuse another member of the Council!” Storga exclaimed.
“Are you all so blinded by fear,” Avril went on, “a fear woven so neatly together by one of Gar’s most trusted servants?  Open your eyes and see what is right in front of you!”
“Enough, Avril,” Myron said softly, but firmly.  “We will solve nothing by bickering.  We must enact the aneksaro again to have our answers.”
“No, Headmaster,” Avril began, but stopped when he looked at Myron.
The Headmaster held his friend’s eye for a time before releasing him and turning to the others.  “Avril will guard against the kwalu.  The rest of us will enact the orthek.”
For the third time they surrounded the body, with Myron at the head, Storga took Avril’s place at the feet, Wegex to the left, and Ghreis to the right.  The four staves clunked on the floor, green circle of fire flared, completed the circle, and a green dome shimmered and surrounded the corpse.  The Headmaster spoke the word, and a breeze moaned down the hallway, circled the dome, then filled the corpse’s chest.  The Headmaster opened his mouth to ask the first question but stopped suddenly, hearing the corpse’s choked laughter.  The corpse was raising both arms, holding a ball of red power, a ball that was humming and growing.  Disembodied laughter came out of the ceiling, then trailed away, covered by the growing sound of the ball of pure elemental force.
“Run!” Myron shouted, and felt himself pulled away by Avril, who was pulling them into the strange room.  They both barely erected shields before red light filled their vision, and the wave of force slammed into them, hurling them against the wall of the small room.

Chapter 2

In our collaborative research on the creation of artifacts of power, Headmaster Shigmar and I have discovered how these special artifacts can be brought into a sympathetic relation with each other, enabling subliminal communication between; it is our belief that this communication might, by prior design, become conscious, opening many possibilities. . . .

from Annals of Melbarth, Seventh Series, Early Lectures of the Hierarchs
Lecture by Sedra Melbarth

“Put these on,” Delgart said.  “And you must always wear them; they are artifacts created by the founders of the elder orders to protect each of the chosen from the mental manipulation of Gar.  They are called verghrenum, which means ‘hider of thoughts.’”
Rokwolf looked puzzled.  “The chosen?”
Marilee stood off to one side, her face overshadowed by her hood.  “Have you forgotten the prophecy of Shigmar?”
Rokwolf looked toward her, while slipping one bracer on.  “Do you refer to the prophecy by Shigmar concerning those who will end Gar’s realm and rule?”  When he slipped on the second, a flash of white light surrounded Rokwolf, focusing on his head; the seklesi’s eyes went blank, then rolled up into his head, and he started to fall.  Delgart grabbed and held him up, then dragged him over to his bed.
“What happened?” Marilee asked, “I was looking away.”
“When he put on the second bracer,” Delgart replied, “there was a flash of light, and he started to fall.”
“That did not happened when we put on ours,” Marilee noted.  “Do you suppose it means something?”
“I’m sure it does, but what, I do not know.”  Delgart shook his younger brother gently, seeing if he would wake.  “It’s like Tevvy and Klare.”  He looked at Marilee, who now stood next to him, looking down at Rokwolf.  “You don’t suppose he also could be under some sort of mental compulsion?”  Delgart stooped to tighten and tie the laces on Rokwolf’s verghrenum.
Marilee shrugged.  “Those who might tell us are sixty miles away.”
“There are no kailum here in Holvar?” Delgart asked, finishing the first and moving to the second.
“There are,” Marilee replied, “but I’m not sure we could trust them; we are, after all, outlaws.”
“But the One said that we would be alright,” Delgart began, then stopped when someone knocked on the door; he looked at Marilee.  “Isn’t it a bit late for visitors?” he whispered.
“Holvar never sleeps,” she replied, as if it were a maxim.
The door opened, and a messenger in royal livery stood in the doorway, a small wethi with stringy brown hair, narrow face, and long nose.  “The Fereghen, Wothgart, requests the presence of Rokwolf and his guests.”  There was a simpering quality to the messenger’s nasal voice, owing to the perpetual smirk the small wethi wore.
“Rokwolf just fainted,” Marilee pointed.
“Ah,” Nuwenty, the messenger, said.  “He has been waiting to hear his sentence and was overwhelmed by guilt and fear when I knocked. . . .”
Marilee interrupted him.  “He fell before you knocked; what sentence?” she ended, changing directions.
“He was suspended for the fiasco in the forest,” Nuwenty continued, “in which much of his command was lost, including the fatal wounding of his second.”
Marilee threw back her hood, although she kept the wounded and bandaged half of her face away from the messenger.  “I appear to be alive and in good health,” she noted wryly.
“Yes, well,” Nuwenty stammered, “your condition was unknown, and your miraculous recovery will do little to change his loss of command.”
“We’ll see about that,” Marilee replied, pulling her hood back over her head.  She nodded to Delgart, who pulled his brother into a sitting position.  Each took an arm, stooped, and placed it over their shoulders, then lifted the fallen seklesi to his feet.
“Very good,” Nuwenty said, his smirk widening.  “Follow me.”

In a room off of the audience hall, Skerapi, the Fereghen’s kailu, examined Rokwolf.  The Chief Kailu was shorter than the Fereghen, thin, with a wrinkle across his forehead that made him appear to frown constantly; his dirty gray hair fell in sheets across his face as he bent to examine Rokwolf.  Wothgart, Marilee, and Delgart stood by; the Fereghen had silver, curly hair, a tall and well-muscled body, and a deep, rich voice when he spoke, contrasting Skerapi’s higher voice.  Skerapi’s hands glowed green as he moved them over Rokwolf’s body.  As his hands passed closer to the fallen seklesi’s head, white light glowed brightly, preventing the kailu from actually touching Rokwolf’s head.  Skerapi’s hands fell to his sides.
“You say he fainted after he put on these bracers?” Skerapi asked.
Delgart nodded.
“Something prevents me from examining him more closely,” Skerapi said, “and I must conclude it is the bracers, but I cannot touch them.”
Marilee stepped forward and tried to unlace and remove Rokwolf’s verghrenum.  “I can touch them,” she said, “but I cannot remove them.”
Skerapi frowned.  “That is odd.  Can you remove your own?”
Marilee reached for one of her verghrenum, untied it, slid it off, then replaced it.  “Easily.”
Skerapi turned to Wothgart.  “My Fereghen,” he said, “there is little I can do for him, although it does look as if something positive is happening.”
“I think we should send him to Shigmar,” Wothgart noted.  “Let Headmaster Myron deal with him, since my instructions were very clear: release Rokwolf from punishment and send him to Myron at once.”
Delgart and Marilee exchanged a glance.  Marilee turned to Wothgart.  “My Fereghen,” she began, “that was one message we were instructed to give to Rokwolf.”
Wothgart nodded once, then spoke.  “Show me your faces.”
Surprised by the abrupt request, both hesitated before lowering their hoods and unwrapping the bandages covering the marked half of their faces.  Skerapi looked sidelong at Wothgart, then moved forward, hands glowing green again.  Wothgart put a hand on Skerapi’s arm and stopped him.  A look of irritation flashed in Skerapi’s eyes.
“My Fereghen,” Skerapi began, “let me heal them.”  He stopped speaking, seeing steel in the Fereghen’s eyes.
“They both just came from the best healers in our kingdom,” Wothgart said, “do you think to do something they have not?”
Skerapi flushed.  “My Fereghen!” he protested.  “I saw their wounds . . . I acted out of habit, since healing is my job.”
Wothgart smiled.  “That is why I stopped you,” the Fereghen said, “part of my instructions,” he added.
Skerapi relaxed and let his hands fall; he gave the Fereghen a half-smile.
Wothgart looked at Marilee and Delgart.  “You two wisely hide the marks on your faces, particularly noticeable when you are together.”
Marilee nodded; Delgart inclined his head.
“Marilee,” Wothgart continued, “you will return to your former company for assignment; you will temporarily be reduced in rank and take charge of a squad.  Rokwolf has other work to perform.”
“Thank you, my Fereghen,” Marilee stammered, her face coloring, surprised by her reduction and his words.  She bowed to the Fereghen.
Wothgart turned to Delgart.  “I understand that you have been a slave to pirates?”
“Yes, sir,” Delgart replied, “for 1more than twelve years.”
“What sort of work or training did they give you?” Wothgart asked.
“I first worked in the galley, then I was a cabin boy for a time,” Delgart said, “and my first owner,” the word came out filled with bitterness, “gave me some careful training in the use of pirate weaponry.”
Wothgart raised an eyebrow.  “That is an odd move, for a pirate.”
“He did not trust his men,” Delgart explained, “so when I grew tall enough, he trained me as a sparring partner, that way he did not have to spar with his men.”
“How did you end up on the benches?” the Fereghen asked.
Delgart laughed.  “I was first a galley slave to a lazy cook, and because I was a great organizer, I came to the notice of the captain, who took me for his own and trained me, as I said.  I was a great sparring partner to him, until the crew mutinied, killing the captain.  They locked me in the hold for several days, and I think they would have let me starve there, until the new captain ordered me to the benches; I was there until the storm, and the wreck. . . .”  Delgart’s voice trailed off.
Wothgart nodded.  “We will test you to see where we should place you for further training.  Since you have some weapons skills already, we soon should be able to bring you up to speed and into the field.”
“Thank you, sir,” Delgart replied, bowing.  “It was my childhood dream to become a seklesi.”
“We will send Rokwolf, with a messenger to see he gets to the right place, to Shigmar for healing and his new assignment,” Wothgart said cryptically, causing his Chief Kailu to stare at him in surprise.

Blakstar woke suddenly, sitting up in bed.  He had dreamed as before, disjointed images of the hooded, blonde girl, whose name he did not know, the two ponkolam, and the bony figure of Xythrax; he again found himself in the glade next to the Mountain of Vision, but the girl did not come to him there.  He began to hear strange, echoing sounds, as if several people were shouting but their voices were muffled, their words incomprehensible.  The marks on his chest and above his loins burned uncomfortably.  A strange humming sound, growing louder, underscored and finally interrupted his dreams, waking him, a strange golden glow filling his mind; he looked around and saw Thal lying asleep on the bed next to his, golden light flashing feebly from the hilt of his sword and the golden topaz affixed to its pommel.  The door to the room was ajar, and he thought he heard soft voices fall silent, but then rememberbed that Klaybear was alone, so the voices must have been leftover from his troubled dreams; he stood and quietly opened the door, looking out, and his eyes met Klaybear’s.  The kailu was coming out of the hallway that led out of their sanctuary.
“What is it?” Klaybear asked, noting the concern on the kortexi’s face.
The door to the other bedroom opened, and Blakstar heard Thal stirring behind him.  Klare looked out, meeting the eyes looking at her.
“Did you hear a sound?” Klare asked.
“What is that sound?” Thal’s voice asked from behind the kortexi at nearly the same moment as Klare.
“It started when I opened the door,” Klaybear said.
“It’s coming from over there,” Klare added, pointing at Blakstar.
“It is here,” Thal’s voice spoke at the same time as Klare, “in this room.”
Blakstar turned; his eyes went to where his sword in its scabbard leaned against the head of his bed and the dim light flashing within the depths of the pommel stone.  Thal’s eyes had fallen on the sword at nearly the same time.  The kortexi moved forward, grabbing the belt of his sword with his left hand, then grabbing the sword by the handle with his right; when his hand gripped the handle, the stone flared golden, filling the room and their faces with its now brilliant light.  He looked over at the white maghi.  “It’s my sword,” he said; “it’s humming.”
“Humming?” Thal said, puzzled.  The sounds of rustling robes preceded Klaybear, and then Klare, entering the room, both frowning.
“And glowing,” Klare noted as she entered the room, covering her eyes with her arm.
Blakstar released the hilt and took hold of the scabbard, the glow diminishing, moving the handle toward Thal.  “See for yourself,” he said.
Thal reached out and touched the hilt, causing the golden light to brighten, holding his hand there for several moments, before speaking.  “I think it’s trying to tell us something.”  He let his arm fall, and when his fingers no longer touched the hilt, the light dimmed again.
Klaybear and his wife moved closer.  “The sword?” Klare said.
Thal looked up at the kailum.  “It is an artifact of great power.”
Klaybear shrugged.  “It’s possible.”
Blakstar was more puzzled.  “My sword?”
Thal nodded.  “Sit down on the beds.”  Blakstar sat next to Thal; Klaybear and Klare sat on the other bed.  “Now stand your sword in the center between us, so that we each can touch the hilt; you grasp it with your right hand.”
Thal’s request seemed odd, but he complied, recognizing that Thal probably knew more about teka-enhanced artifacts than he, the light brightening as each hand touched its handle.
“Now, Blakstar,” Thal continued, “immerse yourself in the sword; let your mind fall wholly into both the light and the sound.”
“Uh,” the kortexi said.
“Concentrate on the humming sound, and focus your vision on the pommel stone,” Thal said, “and exclude all other thoughts; imagine yourself falling into the sword.”
“It might help,” Klare noted, “if you allow your eyes to close once they are filled with the golden light.”
They sat quietly for several moments before the kortexi gasped: he had succeeded in switching his level of awareness to one wholly mental.  He suddenly saw the sword surrounded by golden light; the floor of the room glowed softly white.  He saw a light green string attached to his sword and going off to the north, and a bright white string, thick as a rope and vibrating, going off just west of north.
“What are . . . ?” he started to say, but the mental awareness started to fade as he tried to speak.
Just ‘think’ what you want to say, came Thal’s voice in his mind, and we will hear you.
What are these strings? Blakstar thought.  And why is one green, one white, and why does my sword glow with golden light?
The color of the light, Thal’s voice said, indicates the kind of teka: the green is kailu teka, the white, maghi, and the golden, kortexi teka.
But we are not tekson, Blakstar thought.
He heard the sound of soft laughter in his mind.  Surely you have seen other examples of kortexi teka, Thal’s voice said.
Blakstar remembered the golden glowing line that led him up the Mountain of Vision.
You see, came Thal’s voice, you have.
We can see your thoughts, came Klare’s voice, answering his question.
Right now, Thal’s voice, overriding the others, focus on the white thread and follow it with your mind’s eye, and we will follow you.
Blakstar felt his body nod, then moved his “mental eyes” along the vibrating white string.  His mind seemed to leap forward through the wall, and passing through the stone brought to mind his journey through the stone of the Mountain.
Keep your mind on the white string we follow, came Thal’s voice, or else we could be trapped here.
His mind followed the white string up through the sewers, and he felt the others with him.  They passed quickly through the ceiling into the city, passing through houses and still moving a little west of north, then through the walls of the city.
Slow us down, Blakstar, came Thal’s voice again, we are getting close.
They passed into a hill north and west of the city, the white line thicker and vibrating faster.
Other side of this hill, came Klaybear’s voice.  Lift us up to the top of the hill, so we can see what is going on below.
Blakstar thought himself up, and watched the white string get small as they rose through the hill to its top.  When they came out of the hill, he could still see the glowing white string passing among torches and going into a gray shimmering arch.  The sky was still dark, although beginning to get pink in the east.  The sounds of clinking metal and squeaking leather came from the area dimly lit by torches, but the archway caught his mental eyes, as he had seen this kind of archway before.
It is like the archway . . . , the kortexi began, but was stopped by a thought from Thal.
Softly, came his whispered thought, there are undoubtedly people below who can hear us, including whoever is wielding Melbarth’s rod.  Move us carefully closer, so we can see who it is.
Blakstar started them moving, and, even though he had never entered this mental realm before, his combat training caused him to move toward the rod-wielder, as if he were physically moving from one piece of cover to the next.  He stopped when they had a clear view of a creature, on the other side of the archway, holding to the ground a white-glowing, diamond-topped rod tinged with sickly green, keeping the archway open so that more creatures could pass through.
A morgle, came Thal’s voice.
The creature was tall, with skin that was deep green in the glow of the rod.  The hands holding the rod had two fat fingers and a thumb, just visible below the sleeves of the dark robes it wore.  Its head was large and bulbous, like a squid’s, with small black eyes, slits for nostrils, and tentacles hanging below the nose slits where the mouth of a human would have been.  As the creatures passed through the arch and passed by the morgle holding the rod, 1Blakstar and his mental companions saw in the glow of the rod glimpses of ghelem, purem, an occasional red kailu, and black maghi.
Be ready to take us back quickly, came Thal’s voice.
Blakstar felt a rushing around him, as if some large creature were drawing breath, then the breath concentrated and flew toward the morgle holding the rod.  The mental attack caught him by surprise, but morgle were one of the most proficient races in mentalics, so it managed to raise a shield against the attack, but it could do no more than hold the attack at bay.  For several moments, Blakstar’s three companions poured mental energy into their attack, striving to breach the morgle’s shield, but it was too powerful to be overwhelmed in this fashion, and Blakstar could see it beginning to form a counter-attack.
What can I do? Blakstar thought.
Do you see the green thread going from the morgle toward Shigmar? Thal’s voice asked.
Yes, Blakstar thought, noticing the thread.
Your sword is still in your hand, Thal thought back, reach out with your sword and cut that thread.  We cannot hold him much longer.
The kortexi felt his mental fingers raise his sword, glowing golden before his mental eyes.  With a single swift stroke, he slashed through the green string going from the morgle into Shigmar.  The morgle snarled as his shield began to weaken when Blakstar cut the white string; the kortexi saw the string begin to unravel swiftly, saw also that it was two strings, although one of them, much thinner and not diving so deeply under the city, faded before he could do more then take note of the direction.  The morgle lifted the rod from the ground, the arch winked out, slicing any who were on its threshold in two, and he heard screams of pain suddenly cut off.
Quickly! came Thal’s voice, follow that string!
Blakstar zoomed after the thicker, and still visible, white string, which was unraveling and fading.  They flew again through the walls of Shigmar, through the city, and straight under the school, into the dungeon level.  The string winked out as they entered the hallway leading to the cells, but they could see little, as the hallway was filled with dust and smoke.  Blakstar moved them forward slowly.
Wait, came Klare’s voice, there is someone on the floor in front of the door.
Blakstar stopped and turned to see what Klare had noticed.
On the floor in front of the door out of the dungeon area, a figure lay just short of the door, coughing in the dusty air.  Klare reached out with green-glowing mental hands to examine the fallen figure.  The dust cleared slightly, and Klaybear identified him.
It is Ghreis Prokarts, his voice said, Master of Soldiers, and member of the Council.  How is he?
Nothing serious, came Klare’s voice.  What happened here?
Ghreis’s eyes widened, but then Blakstar heard his mental voice.  Is that you, Klarissa?
Yes, she replied.
We used aneksaro to question the dead captain, Ghelvon, and his apprentice.  When we enacted the orthek on Malkonik, something happened: a red globe of power came into being in his dead hands and exploded.
Who? Klare thought.
The Headmaster, Avril, Storga, and Wegex.  They must be on the other side of the blast, although I fear for them.  I think Avril dragged Myron into that strange side room, where you were.  Who put you there? Ghreis thought to Klare.
Malkonik, she replied.  Ghelvon was controlled by a kwalu.
Yes, Ghreis replied, we saw it hovering above the bodies, and thought it was repsonsible for the blast.
No, came Thal’s voice, I think it was a morgle who possesses the rod of Melbarth.
Who are you? came Ghreis’s voice.
Thal, son of Kalamar, white maghi, replied Thal.  The kortexi, Blakstar, just severed a powerlink between the morgle and Ghelvon’s apprentice.
That must be why I, at least, am still alive, came Ghreis’s voice.
The morgle held open a door, Thal thought, that was allowing an army to pass through.
I notice your use of the past tense, Ghreis thought, are you implying that you stopped the army?  How many got through?
It looked like only the vanguard, Blakstar thought, hiding behind the hill north and west of the city.
And you must be the kortexi, Sir Blakstar, Ghreis thought.
Yes.
And I suppose Klaybear is also with you? Ghreis thought.
Yes, Klare replied.
I would not let Storga or Wegex know that, Ghreis thought, they remain convinced of your guilt.  You should move on and see to the others.  I’ll send a detail here to begin clearing the rubble, and a company to attack the forces you saw.
Ghreis got slowly to his feet, leaning heavily on his staff, and went through the door.  Blakstar moved them forward toward the rubble blocked passageway and into it, passing through to the other side.  They passed the door to the guard chamber and saw a figure lying on the floor in front of guard room and entrance to the cells.  Klare moved toward the body, mental hands glowing green.
It is Storga, she thought.  She is alive, although badly injured and will need help soon.
Blakstar moved them into the guard room where they saw a second body on the floor near the grate through which they had escaped.  Again, Klare moved forward with green-glowing mental hands.
Wegex is dead, she thought.  We must go back and find Avril and Myron in the side room.
Blakstar moved them back to the rubble blocking the passageway, turning when all three of the others sent the thought to him.  He moved to the right and into the small space that was Klare’s prison.  They heard coughing.
Avril? thought Klare.
Avril is dead, Myron’s mental voice replied, filled with sorrow.  He pulled me into this room, and he was between me and the wall when the blast struck us.
No! Klare’s mental voice sobbed.
Master? Klaybear thought, are you injured?
My right arm is broken in several places, his mental voice sighed, probably Avril getting back at me for breaking his arm when we were boys.  How did you find us?
We have no time for that now, Headmaster, Thal thought, we found Master Ghreis near the door out of the dungeon; he was relatively unhurt.  He left to send soldiers to begin clearing the rubble, and also, he went to repel the vanguard of an army north of the city, an army that appeared through a door opened by a morgle who possesses Melbarth’s rod.
Are you certain? the Headmaster thought.
Yes, Thal continued, we were all four awakened by the kortexi’s sword, humming.  It appears that the three keys are connected to each other, so we followed the active thread and found the morgle holding a door open with a rod that can only be Melbarth’s.  On the other side of the rubble, we found Mistress Storga still alive, but in need of immediate care; Master Wegex is also there but dead.  I think we can get to her through the sewers, the same way we escaped the dungeon.
Where are you? Myron asked.
We are hidden in a secret chamber beneath the sewers, Thal replied, one that can only be entered using the kortexi’s sword as a key.
Is the awemi, Tevvy, there? Myron asked.
No, Thal replied.  He went back into the sewers about an hour and a half ago to spy on some soldiers that we reasoned should not have been in the sewers.
He should have come back by now, Klaybear thought.
You let him go out by himself? Klare thought, after what happened to me?
Those were the instructions given by the One, Klaybear replied.
We cannot trust him Blakstar thought, he is a thief.
A thief? Myron thought.  No, he is a scout, and he was simply doing his job.
No, he admitted stealing things from people in the market of Shigmar, Blakstar thought, he must be punished.  He has probably abandoned us.
I do not think so, Myron replied.  His father and mother were both loyal to us; it is more likely that he has been captured by whoever is skulking around the sewers, which, I think, must be related to the attack on the city. The Headmaster paused for a moment, choosing his words carefully.  There is no hint of evil in the awemi, if there were, I would have noticed it.  You have to learn to trust him, Sir Blakstar.  I can tell you from personal experience with his father and mother that he will save your life, using the skills for which you feel he should be punished.
But it is wrong! Blakstar protested.
Only in your world of absolutes, Myron replied.  Is it wrong for the kortexem to murder people?
We do not murder! the 1kortexi exclaimed, appalled.
Do you not, as part of your job, deprive people of their lives? Myron thought.
Only those who deserve to die, for being evil and fighting against the good.
And how do you make that determination? Myron thought.  How do you determine who deserves to die?  Do you pause in the middle of the fight, asking a series of questions, carefully weighing the answers to decide if your opponent is evil and deserves to die?
There followed a mental snort.  Of course not, Blakstar replied, we must fight and survive, in order for the good to survive.
So it is a case of kill, or be killed? Myron asked.
I suppose in battle it is.
So I ask again, is it not your job to deprive people of their lives?
Yes, he answered slowly, reluctantly.
And does the person want to lose his life?
Not usually.
So you are taking his life against his will, which is the definition of murder.
Yes . . . I mean, no.  You are confusing me, Headmaster.  I am not an intellectual.
I’m sorry to confuse you, but it is necessary that you understand why you must not punish Tevvy.  Let me ask a different question.  If you returned to Karble and showed your masters what is inscribed on your chest, what do you suppose would happen?
I don’t know.
What happened here, in Shigmar, where we are not so absolute as the kortexem, when the Council saw the marks more visible?
We were condemned to death.
So what would happen in the city of absolutes, the home of your order?
They would kill me.
1The kortexi deflated; Myron reached out to Blakstar with his mental hands, surrounded by green light.  The others followed the Headmaster’s example, reaching out to comfort him.
Are you suggesting, Headmaster, Blakstar thought, that there is no absolute good or absolute evil?
No, Myron replied, but it is dangerous to think only in absolutes.  Look at what happened here in Shigmar.  The Council, and many kailum, saw the marks on all of you and concluded you were all evil and should be destroyed.  And yet, you fulfill all the signs of the prophecy: why else would Gar be expending so much energy and so many resources to destroy you?  It is because he recognizes who you truly are, and he also recognizes the power of words and signs.  What most fail to realize is that signs and words only have power to harm us if we give to the signs and words the power to harm us.
Huh? Blakstar thought, confused.
If we empower the word or sign, we attach significance to the sign; if the significance we attach is negative, then the sign becomes negative to us.  However, it is not the sign itself that is negative, but the significance we attach to it.  So, we harm ourselves by choosing to see a sign as negative, or evil, and so ultimately, we are harming ourselves; no one does it to us.
Yes, I see, master, Klaybear put in.  I saw that happen in Klare’s mind, after we severed the compulsion placed there by Gar, himself.  As I, with the help of the One and others, knit the pattern of her mind back together, I saw that the pattern had been subtly altered, and so no longer appeared to be the sign we associate with Gar, and evil.
What compulsion? Klare’s voice asked.
Nevermind, Klare, Myron thought.  You have to go and help both Storga and Tevvy; I do not know how you will get past the soldiers that I am sure Ghreis has sent into the sewers looking for you.
Thal interrupted.  I do not think he will send any.  Before he left, he warned us against Mistress Storga and Master Wegex, saying he did not think they were convinced of our innocence, but that he was.
That may be true, Myron thought back, but do not trust anyone you meet, for I fear that very few, if any, will be convinced that you are anything other than evil.  Send Klare, or Tevvy, if you run into anyone.  We still have to get you out of Shigmar and on your way to collect the second key, and we have to do it before we are surrounded by hostile forces.
I need my horse, Blakstar thought, and the rest of my equipment.
We all need horses, Thal added.
When I get out of here, Myron replied, I will see if I can get them somewhere outside the city, near the waterfall.
We cannot get out that way, Headmaster, Thal said, the path has fallen away.
Then I’ll get them out and near our private entrance to Shigmar.
It shall be as you say, master, Klaybear thought.
Take us back to our sanctuary, Sir Blakstar, Thal thought, we have work to do.

Chapter 3

Reconversion of the fallen orders requires subversion, and subversion requires persons inside the fallen orders and their cities; only through these agents operating within the fallen orders and their cities do we have any hope of bringing them back into the right path and worship of the true god of this world. . . .

from Chronicles of Eklor, First Series, Lectures of the True Sedra
Lecture by Sedra Eklor in the atno of the order 10 (atno 78, standard reckoning)

“How can we find him?” Blakstar asked.  “I was only given an elementary knowledge of tracking, not enough to follow the awemi through stone passages; we need a seklesi.”
Klaybear shook his head.  “We have not the time to get one, or debate over what we should do.”
Klare picked up a pack from the shelf, and filled it with healing supplies from the shelf.  “We need to go now,” she said.
Thal sat at the table of their sanctuary, tapping his new bracers with his left hand.  He looked down at his verghrenum and spoke.  “You two go . . . ,” he started to say, then stopped, looking closely at the white leather strapped on his right wrist.  He noticed the large eye-shaped symbol of Melbarth embossed onto the top, then saw, for the first time, that there were smaller symbols of the others they had seen: a crown, a hand, a water vessel, and a dagger crossed with a key.  He looked up.  “Do your verghrenum have other symbols on them?” he asked.
“I never really looked at mine that closely,” Klaybear replied, “we were distracted at the time.”
“We have to go, now,” Klare said, an edge to her voice.
“What happens to your verghrenum,” Thal went on, ignoring Klare, “when I do this?”  He raised his left hand, index finger surrounded by white light, and touched the small hand symbol.
Klare’s eyes went to her bracelets at the same time as her husband’s hand went to his one of his bracers.
“They feel suddenly warm,” Klaybear replied.
Thal looked at Klare.  “And yours?”
“The same,” she replied, forgetting for a moment that she was leaving.
“Interesting,” Thal said.  He moved his finger, still glowing, to the water vessel symbol.  “And yours, Blakstar?”
The kortexi’s hand went to one of his verghrenum.  “I feel it,” he said.
Klare shook her head.  “Klaybear, we must go!”
“But this might help us,” Klaybear protested.
Thal had already moved his finger back to the hand symbol, touched it again, and said, “Klare.”
The bracelets warmed on Klare’s wrists.
“Do you feel anything?” he asked, looking at Klaybear.
Klaybear shook his head.
“I’ve got it!” Thal exclaimed.  He still held his finger on the symbol.
“What?” Klaybear asked.
“Don’t you see it?” Thal asked.
“No,” Klaybear began, then paused, his eyes narrowing.  “I see it–try it with Tevvy’s symbol.”
Thal nodded, lifted his finger, moved it to the crossed dagger and key symbol, then said, “Tevvy.”  A white thread shot from Thal’s finger to the northeast.  He lifted his finger and the thread winked out.  He moved his finger to the crown symbol, said, “Delgart,” and a white thread shot just west of south, straight toward Holvar.  He lifted his finger, touched the same symbol again and said, “Marilee.”  White thread in the direction of Holvar.  Again, and he said, “Rokwolf.”  A white thread shot east and up.  “That’s odd,” Thal said, “I though your twin brother was in Holvar: this thread points back toward the school of Shigmar.”
“That is odd,” Klaybear said.  “I wonder what it means?”
“What are you two talking about?” Blakstar asked.
“Well . . . ,” Thal began, but Klaybear interrupted him.
“There is no time to explain,” Klaybear said.  “We’ll go see to Mistress Storga.  You two can go find Tevvy.  As soon as we finish, we will move toward you.”
“How will you find us?” Blakstar asked.  “And how do we find him?”
“I’ll explain as we go,” Thal replied.

Klaybear and Klare went south, retracing their steps back to the dungeon level of the school.  Thal and Blakstar started north.
“Northeast?” Blakstar whispered.
Thal nodded.  “He went to investigate the voices we heard somewhere near the center of the sewers.”  His voice was muffled, having followed Klare’s lead in wrapping a cloth around his face.  The kortexi’s face was uncovered.
“We should take the first passage east,” the kortexi whispered, “that should move us closer to the center.”
They soon came to a crossing passage, the way north bridging the western branch of the river and opening up; the crossing passage ran east-west, next to the underground river, but a wall separated the passage from the western branch of the river, giving them some cover.  They turned and followed it, stopping as the passage teed.  Blakstar looked carefully to the north, knowing that they must be near the center of the sewers.  The north passage bridged the river next to the point where the western branch met the main branch of the river; he could see the central area.
“It looks empty,” he whispered back to Thal, then he crept across the passage to the wall, crouched, and looked over the low parapet of the bridge running north.  He waved Thal to follow him, then, bending low, moved quickly and quietly to the north end of the bridge.  Seeing no one, he signaled to Thal, who hurried up behind him.
“I did not think,” Thal’s muffled voice said, “that kortexem knew how to sneak around; isn’t that against your code?”
“Ha, ha, ha,” Blakstar whispered sarcastically, but he smiled.  The central area was square, with a set of stairs going up at the center of the area; the main branch of the river flowed south from here, with branches going both west and east.  The area was clear, so Blakstar slipped across to the west side of the stairs, crossing a passage going west next to the river.  He looked carefully around the corner, and he saw passages going north and east.  He signaled Thal, who moved to his side quickly.
“There are passages going both east and north,” he whispered.  “Which way?”
Thal touched his finger to the symbol on his left bracer, whispered the awemi’s name, and pulled his finger off quickly.  “North a little,” he said, “then east.”
“Good,” Blakstar replied.  “The east passage is open, running next to the eastern branch of the river.”  He looked again, to be sure there was no one, then moved into the northern passage.  They followed it north until a passage turned to the east; they turned east, followed this passage until it crossed another north-south passage.  Thal touched the symbol on his wrist, then nodded north.
“I think we are getting close,” he whispered.
“We must be under the northeast quarter of the city,” Blakstar replied.  The kortexi looked carefully around and saw no one, so they moved north.  The passage was short, ending in blank walls.
Thal touched the symbol again, whispering Tevvy’s name; he saw the white string go directly east, and up.  “He is just above us, on the other side of this wall.”
“How do we get to him?” Blakstar asked.
Thal shrugged.  “Maybe there is a way up, around here somewhere.”
They backtracked south, then turned to the east.  They found a stairway going up, but the gate was locked and rusty; the dust on the stairs was undisturbed.
“I don’t think anyone has gone this way,” Blakstar noted.
“Maybe you could try your tracking skills,” Thal suggested.
“I’m not very good,” Blakstar protested.
“Just try,” Thal said.
The kortexi went back to the crossing, looking intently at the floor; it looked like there were tracks leading north.  He turned that way, followed them, but then stopped about ten feet from the end of the passage.  He looked up at Thal, who had been following him.  “They end here,” he said.
“End?” Thal asked, “what do you mean.”
“They just stop.”
“Did they turn around?”
“I don’t think so, but there are tracks going both ways.”  He looked thoughtful for a moment.  “You don’t suppose someone brushed them out?”
Thal stepped forward, hands glowing white.  “Does it look like they turned either way, or continued straight?”
“Straight.”
Thal ran his glowing hands slowly over the north wall.  When nothing happened, he turned to his left, running his hands carefully over that wall.  Again, nothing, so he turned to the east wall, and the wall started to glow.  Thal traced the outline of the teka, examined it for a moment, then touched a spot about chest high.  A section of the wall slid back, revealing stairs going up.
“We are lucky,” Thal said.
“Why?” Blakstar asked.
“Whoever went through this door last was in a hurry,” Thal replied, “so he did not take the time to reseal it, and reactivate the teka trap protecting it.”
“Maybe they did at the other end,” the kortexi suggested.
“Only one way to find out,” Thal shrugged.

When Klare climbed up through the grate, following her husband, she went straight to where Mistress Storga lay, hands glowing green.  After she had passed her hands over the inert Mistress of Novices, she turned to Klaybear, who was standing by.
“You’ll need to give her some strength,” Klare said, “she is very weak, and we may still lose her.”
“I think she is too ornery to die so easily,” Klaybear noted as he knelt beside her head.  He placed his green-glowing hands on Mistress Storga’s head; he drew energy from the air around him, channeling it into Mistress Storga.
“Don’t draw it from me!” Klare snapped.
“Sorry, dear.”  After a moment, he spoke again.  “That should be enough to get started, since we only need to stabilize her.”  He lifted his hands from her head, and the green glow surrounding his hands winked out.  “Then we should get out of here before anyone shows up.”
“What’s the matter, dear?” Klare asked.  “Didn’t you like your cell?”
“Since I did not know where you were, and since they were going to deprive me of my life, no, I did not like my cell,” Klaybear replied grimly.
“At least this time, I’ll be there with you,” she said.
“That will be some comfort,” Klaybear said.  “So, who would get to watch the other one die?”
“I was only teasing,” Klare pouted.  “Now, see if you can move any of that rock, while I finish my work here.”

Blakstar stood with Thal at the top of the staircase, listening.  “I hear nothing,” he whispered after a time.
“Let’s go in,” Thal whispered back.
The kortexi reached for his sword, but Thal stopped him.
“I think it would be better,” Thal began, “if you just knocked them out.”
Blakstar nodded.
“Besides,” Thal added, “it is so quiet in there, maybe you won’t have to,” he finished with a grin.
Blakstar grabbed and twisted the handle, pushing the door open carefully.  They saw a small square room, with a door on the opposite side.  Crates were stacked on either side of the room; some stood open.  The kortexi stepped into the room, followed closely by the maghi.  There was another door to their right.  Seeing no one, Blakstar moved to the door and listened; after a moment, he opened the door slightly and looked in.  He saw a staircase going up, and he heard the sounds of voices and movements overhead.  He carefully closed the door and turned to Thal.
“Sounds like there are many people up there,” he whispered.  “Let’s hope that Tevvy isn’t one of them.”
Thal shook his head.  “I don’t think he could be,” he replied softly, “the line led up and straight east.”
“He could be higher up, then,” Blakstar noted.
“I don’t think so,” Thal said.  “He felt very close.  Let’s try that door.”
Blakstar nodded and moved quietly across the room, pausing again to listen at the door.  “Sounds empty,” he whispered, then carefully turned the handle and stopped.  “It’s locked,” he told Thal, troubled by the fact.
“Aah,” Thal said, drawing out the word, “a use for the thief.”
A spasm of anger gripped the kortexi.  “Now is not the time for this,” he hissed.  “How do we open this locked door without alerting the people upstairs?”
Thal pointed.  “Use the key,” he noted.
Blakstar looked to where he pointed and saw a key hanging from a nail driven into the frame of the door.  He took it and unlocked the door, replaced the key and slowly opened the door.  This new room was even smaller than the one in which they stood, hardly more than a cell.  He saw Tevvy hanging between two wooden pillars, gagged and eyeing them.  Blakstar rushed into the room and pulled the gag out of Tevvy’s mouth.
“Help me get down,” Tevvy hissed.
“How did you get here?” Thal asked, noticing a figure crumpled in the corner of the room.  “And what happened to him?”
“No idea,” Tevvy replied, “on both questions.  I was following the soldiers’ tracks when somebody hit me over the head.  I woke up hanging here some time later.  A short time ago, he came in to question me, I assume, but his eyes went blank, and he fell where you see him there.”
Thal handed his dagger to Blakstar, then moved over to examine the fallen figure.  The kortexi took the dagger and cut Tevvy’s bonds.
“Well, it cannot have been long,” Tevvy said, rubbing his shoulders, “I don’t feel much pain.”  He looked up at Blakstar.  “How long has it been since I left?”
Thal answered from where he knelt by the fallen figure.  “Less than two hours, near as we can tell.”
“How is it that you are up?” Tevvy asked Blakstar.
“They closed the door,” the kortexi replied, “so Klare and I have had a full night’s sleep.  Klaybear and Thal traded off, so only got half a night’s sleep each.”
“That room,” Tevvy said, shaking his head and now rubbing his wrists, “I’m still unclear about it, so I’ll just take your word for it.”
“Nor do I understand,” Blakstar replied, “so we are on the same horse.”
“He’s alive,” Thal said.
“I think he must be black maghi,” Tevvy noted.
Thal nodded.  “He might have been.”
“What do you mean?” Tevvy asked.
“I said he was alive,” Thal continued, “but his mind has partially unraveled, so when, and if, he wakes, he might not know who he is, let alone, remember his art.”
“How is this possible?” Tevvy asked.
“We should get out of here,” Blakstar noted, “before anyone upstairs notices that he has not come back up.”
“Or that I have not started screaming,” Tevvy added.
Thal seemed to ignore them.  “I don’t have a very good mind for maps, Blakstar,” he began, “but you remember when you cut the green string connected to the morgle?”
The kortexi nodded.
“Isn’t this space,” Thal continued, “right along the line as we followed it back from the morgle?”
“What morgle?” Tevvy asked.
Blakstar ignored Tevvy.  “I think so, if my reckoning is not far off,” Blakstar replied to Thal.
“And, it was about the time the string started to fade,” Thal finished, “so there could have been a connection here, which would mean that this person’s mind could have been attached to the morgle in the same way Tevvy and Klare’s were attached to Gar’s.  But there was no one here to knot the pattern back together, so in his case, the pattern of his mind has partially unraveled.”
“It is no more than he deserves,” Blakstar noted, “for being a black maghi.”  There was a bitterness in his voice that stopped Thal from replying, that caused Tevvy to look up at the kortexi in surprise.
“We’d better go,” Thal said.
“Before we go,” Tevvy said, “we should take a look at what is down here.  Did you notice anything on the black maghi that might tell us what he is doing here?”
“I did not go through his things,” Thal replied.
“Blakstar,” Tevvy said, “you go stand by the door leading upstairs and keep an eye out for anyone heading down.  Thal, you go take a look at what is in the crates, and I’ll check this black maghi for any clues.”
“You’re not planning on stealing any of his things?” Blakstar asked, suspicious of what the thief was planning; his hand went to and gripped the handle of his sword.
Tevvy shook his head.  “Only if they are evidence,” he grinned innocently.  “Now, go listen, and if anyone comes, warn us.”

Without a second look at the others to see if they were moving, Tevvy stooped and began searching the black maghi’s clothing and body.  He did not stop to examine anything he found, but he simply took everything and slipped it into a small bag he produced from one of his pockets, then tied the bag shut, slipping it into his pack, resting on the floor where his captors had tossed it.
Fools! he thought.  Amateurs!  Not even taking the time to go through it!  He shook his head, hearing the sounds of crates being opened nearby, and knew that Thal was working.  He knew he needed to hurry, so he would have time to also look through the crates for concealed spaces.  He made a thorough, although quick, search of the small room, then moved to the larger storage room.
“Looks like foodstuffs,” Thal said when he entered the room.
Tevvy took out a dagger and went to the closest crates, looking inside.  He pulled the top off a barrel inside the crate, revealing the contents as coarsely ground flour.  He slid his dagger into the flour and felt the point hit something hard about four inches down.  He brushed the flour to one side around the edge, moving it until he found two rings.  He hooked a finger through each ring and pulled carefully.  Part of the inside of the barrel lifted out, revealing a compartment underneath filled with swords.
“How did you know to do that?” Thal asked in surprise.
“These are not trustworthy people,” Tevvy said, “and untrustworthy people in a place like Shigmar always have something to hide.”
Tevvy carefully replaced the flour and the top of the barrel.  He then softly tapped each barrel in the crate with the hilt of his dagger, smiling each time he found another barrel sounded different in the lower part.  Only one barrel of the six in each large crate contained what it was supposed to.  He turned to Thal.  “There are enough weapons here to supply a small army, inside the walls of the city.”
“We have to get this information to the Headmaster,” Blakstar noted, “especially since we saw the vanguard of an army arriving just north of the city.”  He looked overhead.  “We cannot be far from the gates; their intent must be to assault the gate guards and open the gates, allowing the attacking army inside the walls . . . ,” he stopped, looking at the door.  “Someone is coming,” he hissed, waving his companions toward the doorway and stairs going down.  Tevvy was there, almost before the kortexi stopped whispering; Thal was caught flat-footed, and so hesitated before moving, then tripped on one of the crates.  Blakstar ran and pulled him to his feet, dragging him toward the door.  The handle moved as he went through the door with Thal, pausing only to close the door as softly as he could while still moving down the stairs.  They halted in the darkness at the bottom of the stairs, listening for the sounds of the person overhead.  Tevvy heard the handle rattle, and the door start to open.
“Cover your faces!” Tevvy hissed, “and don’t either of you look up!”
A dagger slid silently into the awemi’s hand, and he stood poised to throw it up the stairs.  The door above opened.
“Pumar?” came the harsh-voiced query from above.  “What are you going back into the sewers for?”
They heard shuffling boots; Tevvy saw legs silhouetted at the top of the stairs, and lifted himself onto the balls of his feet, ready to spring forward and hurl the dagger, praying he could make it up the stairs before whoever was there toppled over, dropping the torch he carried.
“What are you doing?” came another voice from above.
Tevvy held still.
“Checking on the maghi,” replied the harsh voice at the top of the stairs.
“Idiot!” came the response, “do you want to eat your own hands?  ‘Cause Pumar will cut them off and feed them to you if you disturb him!”
“I thought I heard someone moving around down here.”
“Probably the sounds of the rat he is questioning.”  Tevvy could hear the sound of harsh laughter from above; he considered killing them, for calling him a rat.  His grandmother’s voice told him not to be stupid; he waited.
“I just wanted to be sure.”
“Suit yourself,” came the response, “they are your hands.”
The figure at the top of the stairs mumbled, turned, and the door above closed.  Tevvy let the breath out he was holding.
“That was too close!” he whispered to the others.
“Let’s get out of here,” Blakstar noted, “before someone discovers that you are no longer being questioned.”
“Should we go help the kailum?” Thal asked.
“Where are they?” Tevvy asked.
“Back in the dungeon healing one of the council members,” Thal replied to Tevvy’s question.
Tevvy snorted.  “Isn’t that slightly dangerous?  Does Klaybear want to get back into his cell?”
“Why don’t you check where they are?” Blakstar suggested.
Thal nodded, touched the symbol on his wrist, and said, “Klare.”
“Why Klare?” Blakstar asked.
“She is more likely to notice, since her verghrenum are against her skin,” Thal replied.  “Then both of them will know that we are finished, since we are inquiring after them.”  Thal lifted his finger.  “It appears that they are still in the dungeon.”
“I wonder what that means?” Blakstar mused.
“What are you two talking about?” Tevvy asked, confused by their talk.
“Thal discovered,” Blakstar went on, “that we can locate each other using the verghrenum, which is how we located you,” he finished with a smile.
“Did you notice your verghrenum warming several times over the last fifteen minutes, or so?” Thal asked.
“I was a little pre-occupied, hanging there waiting to be tortured,” Tevvy said wryly, “so, no, I did not notice.”  He looked around.  “Uh, how do we get out of here?”
Thal was looking at one of his bracers, tapping it with the finger of his right hand.  He looked up, face coloring.  “Sorry, I was thinking about. . . .”
Tevvy interrupted him.  “Never mind what you were thinking,” he noted wryly, “I wouldn’t understand anyway.  I don’t see how we open a door here.”
“No, probably not,” Thal said, “since it is activated by teka.”  The white maghi raised a glowing hand and touched the center of the wall at chest height.  The section of wall slid back, and the odor of the sewers crashed into them.  Thal quickly covered his mouth and nose with the cloth hanging loose around his neck.  The kortexi wrinkled his nose, then stepped through the now open portal.  Tevvy imitated Thal, then followed Blakstar.  Thal stepped through, then looked back to watch the door close.
“Can you reset the traps?” Blakstar asked Thal.
The white maghi squinted at the now closed portal, then shook his head.  “I would probably set them off, if I tried.”
Tevvy was looking south down the passage.  “Where are we?” he asked.
“Northeast section of the sewers,” Blakstar replied, pointing and moving south.  The others followed.
“From which direction did you come?” Tevvy asked.
“North from our sanctuary,” Blakstar said, “then east, then north through the central area, then east.”  They stopped at the crossing passage.
“Right though the center of the sewers, then,” Tevvy said.  “We should probably go straight west from here, then south.”
“Why?” Blakstar asked.  They turned west, walking slowly and quietly.
“In case anyone sees us,” Tevvy replied.  “As long as they do not see us in the same part of the sewers, we won’t arouse suspicion.  Also, we should take the opportunity to explore more of the sewers, in case the founders left us any more surprises.”
“Sound reasoning,” Thal remarked.
They followed the passage west, pausing when they came back to the passage running north from the center of the sewers.  They turned north, then west again, following a passage that would take them to the west side of the sewers and Shigmar, presumably to the north-south passage that ran past the entrance to their sanctuary.  Tevvy was closely watching the walls and floor for any similar sign.  They turned south, heading directly for the doorway to their sanctuary.  Tevvy stopped suddenly just as they approached the bridge over the west branch of the river.  His eyes traveled over the floor and up the west wall.
“There,” he said, pointing.
Blakstar and Thal looked where he pointed, saw another slot and vessel symbol in the wall.  Tevvy had already moved to the wall, looking for the hand-shaped indentation.  The kortexi stood behind the little rogue.
“The slot is here,” the awemi said, “but I don’t see any spot for our hands.”
Blakstar looked at Thal.  “Should we investigate?” he asked.
Thal smiled.  “Definitely,” he said.  “I want to know what other surprises the founders left for us.”
The kortexi slid his sword out of its scabbard slowly, trying not to make any noise, then slipped it into the slot.  A section of wall swung slowly back, revealing a passageway lit by ancient magluku.  The passage turned to the right after about thirty feet.  Tevvy stepped into the passage, looking for any signs or symbols on the walls.  He found the kortexi’s sword blade sticking out of the wall next to the door.
“The slot goes through to this side,” he noted, “so we can open the door from inside.”
“See where it goes,” Blakstar said, “and we’ll wait here.”
Tevvy nodded and moved away.  Blakstar spoke to Thal.  “Since the passage turns, you should probably go down and stand at the corner, so we know what is happening to the awemi.”
Tevvy glanced back and saw Thal coming toward him; he looked carefully around the corner and saw a short hallway becoming stairs going up.  Tevvy moved down the short hallway and began to climb stairs about forty feet from the corner.  The awemi found a door at the top with spyholes, one of them at his level.  He looked through and saw an open room with a symbol inscribed on the floor.  He smiled to himself and went back down to where Thal waited.
“What did you find?” Thal asked when Tevvy returned to the corner.
“A secret entrance into a house, I would guess,” he replied, “in the northwest part of Shigmar.  There were spyholes looking into a large room that had some kind of symbol painted into the floor.”
“What kind of symbol?” Thal asked.
“Like the symbol of a telepad,” Tevvy said, “although it was hard for me to see, since only one of the spyholes was at my height, and the angle made it hard to see the symbol clearly.”
Thal smiled, then walked back to where the kortexi waited; Tevvy followed.
“Where does it go?” Blakstar asked.
“I think we have found our way out of Shigmar,” Thal replied.
“What do you mean?” Tevvy asked.
“Both Klaybear and Headmaster Myron,” Thal explained, “have mentioned a ‘secret entrance’ of the kailum, somewhere in the northwestern quarter of the city, one that allows the kailum to bypass the gates, or enter and exit the city when the gates are closed.  It appears that the founders saw our future predicament, and so prepared a way for us to escape the city, in case the river exit was blocked.”
“So this passage leads to that secret entrance?” Blakstar asked.
“Very likely,” Thal replied.
“We should go back and tell the others what we have found,” Blakstar said.
Tevvy nodded, moving out of the secret hallway and turning south; he heard the door close behind him and the kortexi’s sword sliding into its sheath.

Chapter 4

We have long studied the effects of trauma or violence on the mind; most often, the victim suppresses the memory, such that he, or she, no longer remembers the incident.  For lack of a better explanation, which continues to elude us, some have called this forgetting ‘a gift of the One to victims’. . . .

from Annals of Melbarth, Ninety-seventh Series, Guest Lectures
Lecture by Headmaster Sheldu

Klaybear walked carefully down the hall, stopping a moment in the doorway to check Master Wegex’s body, to be sure he was dead.  He found that, similarly to Avril, Wegex had broken his neck when he hit the door to the cell area.  As he passed further down the hall and approached the rubble blocking the passageway, he began to hear the sounds of moving rock from the other side of the rubble.  He guessed from the distance he had traveled down the passageway that the opening where Klare had been imprisoned, and where his master was now trapped, could not be very far from this side of the rubble.  He crawled carefully up the pile and started to shift some of the stones on the right side of pile, while keeping a wary eye on what was left of the ceiling.  After about ten minutes, he heard the sound of rock clinking to his right, and he guessed Myron must also be shifting rock from his side.  Another ten minutes of shifting rubble and Klaybear found the opening that led into Klare’s former prison.  He stopped to wipe the sweat and dust from his brow and was surprised when a larger piece moved from the opening, and he saw his master’s sweaty, dirty face through the gap.
“Good morning, master,” Klaybear said.  “It’s a strange place you have appointed for us to meet.”
The Headmaster smiled slightly.  “You’re in better spirits then when I last saw you, dragged off in chains to a cell that must lie somewhere behind you.”  Myron shifted another rock.  “How is Klare?” he asked.
“Seeing to Mistress Storga,” replied Klaybear.  “Her injuries were severe, but I think we have her stabilized.  Klare continues to heal her behind me.”  Klaybear shifted rubble on his side; the opening was nearly wide enough for the Headmaster to pass through.  “How’s the ceiling on your side?”
“Not very stable,” Myron said, moving more rubble, “so I stayed as close to this wall as I could, thinking it would be more stable.”
Klaybear smiled as he struggled with a larger chunk of rubble.  “The Headmaster of Shigmar is known far and wide for his great wisdom.”
Myron chuckled.  “Your mood has improved much, my son,” he said, “probably related to the fact that you found your wife whole and well.”
Klaybear’s face fell.  “It was a near thing,” he said, shoving more rubble aside and further widening the opening.  “If Tevvy hadn’t gotten us out when he did, if Blakstar had not insisted on retrieving his sword, we would not have been looking through the grate and down this hall when Ghelvon and his apprentice came down the hall and opened the door.  Even then, if the kortexi had not gone berserk and killed Ghelvon, I do not think we could have rescued her, weaponless.  They intended to . . . rape her,” he finished, struggling with the last words.
Myron reached through the opening and touched his apprentice gently on the arm.  “Do not dwell on what could have happened,” he said softly, “you rescued her in time by the intervention of the One.”
Klaybear’s face paled at Myron’s mentioning the One.  He recalled what had happened after they discovered the compulsion Gar had placed on Tevvy and Klare, the way he and Thal had cut the strings tying them to Gar, and how he had nearly failed to knit the pattern of her mind back together.  Had it not been for the One, and those he brought with him, Klare would be. . . .  No, he must not think about it; he must follow his master’s advice.
“You look troubled, my son,” Myron’s voice cut into his thoughts.
“We have not told you all that has happened,” he said, “not even Klare knows.”
Myron frowned, then looked at the small passage they had forced through the rubble.  “I think if we move a little more, you can pull me through,” he noted, “then we can talk.”

“Well,” Myron said after hearing his apprentice recount what had happened to them after they left the dungeon, “your account has interesting theological implications.”
Klare sat in one of the guard’s chairs, silent and pondering all that her husband had told her, since she could remember nothing of the experience after the compulsion was severed.
“What kind of implications?” Klaybear asked.
“Maybe implications is the wrong word,” Myron replied.  “I should have said, ‘interesting facts,’ to be more precise.”  Myron sat on the other guard’s chair, one hand on his chin, tapping thoughtfully.
“Facts, like?” Klaybear asked again.
“He referred to you all as his children,” Myron replied, “which had been interpreted figuratively, but the fact that he has a mate implies that we should have taken the reference more literally.”
Klare came out of her thoughts and snorted.  “Only a chauvinistic fool could not have reached that conclusion!” she exclaimed.
Myron and Klaybear both looked at her for a moment before Klaybear spoke.
“What do you mean, dear?” Klaybear asked with care.
“Klaybear!  I’m shocked!” Klare replied, grinning.  “Are you telling me that after a year of marriage, you are still 1naïve as a schoolboy?”
Myron moved his hand from holding his chin to cover his mouth and hide his grin.  Klaybear sat with his mouth open.
“Of course,” Klare continued, “I sometimes forget that you were raised by your father without the benefit of your mother, so things of the ‘female realm,’ as you often call them, are beyond your experience.  But surely, your master would have explained these things to you before we were married?”  Klare glanced at Myron and saw that he was struggling not to laugh; Klaybear still sat with his mouth open, so she plowed ahead mercilessly.  “You know how, often, when we are alone, we start to kiss, and our kisses become more passionate, and you start to disrobe me. . . .”
“I know about that!” Klaybear exclaimed, interrupting Klare.  His face glowed red.
“Of course you do, dear” Klare went on, sweetly, “and you have become quite proficient.”
Klaybear interrupted her again, his face pulsing with blood.  “Could you get to the point before the soldiers clear away the rubble and rush in here to arrest me?”
“No one is going to arrest you,” she replied, an edge to her voice, “I won’t allow it.”  She continued before he could interrupt her again.  “You realize, of course, that while intimate play is quite pleasurable for us both, it does, on occasion, have another purpose, which is to produce children, and that act of producing children requires both a male and a female.  So that, since we are literal children of the One, he,” she emphasized the word, “ would require a she, to produce us,” she finished smiling wickedly at Klaybear, which caused more color in his face.
Myron could hold his laughter no longer, so he let it burst out.  “Klare,” he said after a moment, “now is not the time or the place to instruct your husband in the subtleties of the ‘female realm,’ although I do enjoy a good laugh, now and then,” he said, wiping a tear from the corner of one eye.  “It does remind me of my own mate, who has been gone for many years.”
Klare’s face fell, and her mood changed instantly.  “Forgive me, Headmaster,” she said, “I did not mean to cause you grief.”
Myron shook his head and smiled at Klare.  “The grief is mine; you did not cause it.  Remembering is not a bad thing.  However, the view you have expressed, Klare, implicitly accepted by most wetham, is not widely accepted among those who hold power, so I would be careful about who you mentioned them to, as also, what you have learned about the One.  There are further facts, and maybe these are why I said, ‘implications,’ in the beginning.  If we are literal children of the One, as what you have related indicates, then we must be, on some level, divine and immortal.  That idea alone could get you put to death in some locales, just like what has happened here.”
Klaybear’s face looked less colored when he nodded; he noticed, out of the corner of his eye that Klare glanced his way and grinned wickedly.
“The other side of this idea,” Myron continued, “that we are his literal children, and so that we are divine, is that He must be, on some level, mortal, which will get you killed almost anywhere.  The dogmatic among us down through the ages have constructed an unbreachable wall between the One and his children.  So again, I would caution you about where you say such things, or to whom you say them.”
“I understand, master,” Klaybear said.  He looked at Klare.  “I wonder how the others are doing?” he asked.
Klare, still smiling, touched her now glowing finger to the bracelet on her left wrist, and whispered, “Blakstar.”  After a moment, she lifted her finger.  “They are northwest of us, moving, probably, back to our sanctuary.”
“We better get back there, then,” Klaybear said.
Myron looked at them curiously.  “What did you just do?” he asked.
Klare pointed to her gold bracelets.  “These are verghrenum, made by the founders and left for each of us,” she pointed to herself and her husband, “and the other chosen.  They protect us from mental manipulation by outsiders. . . .”
Myron interrupted her.  “I know what verghrenum are, and what they do,” he said.  “I meant, how did you use yours to find where the others were?”
“I’m sorry, Headmaster,” Klare said.
“Yes,” Klaybear put in, “you were preoccupied with your clever arguments to embarrass me.”
“You be careful, dear,” Klare noted, “or I’ll come up with new ways to punish you.”  Again, she smiled at him wickedly, causing his face to color for the second time.  She turned back to Myron.  “Master Thalamar discovered that these verghrenum are connected to each other, so that we can actually locate each other using them.”
“Interesting,” Myron said, rising to his feet.  “Shall we go, then?” he asked.
“You are coming with us,” Klare asked, “leaving Mistress Storga behind?”
Myron looked over to where Storga lay wrapped in a blanket and surrounded by a purple nimbus.  “Since I know how thoroughly you do your job, I’m sure she’ll be fine until I can send someone to carry her back to the Infirmary.”
Klaybear nodded.  “There was one other thing,” he said, pulling a parchment from inside his robes and handing it to Myron.
“What is it?” Myron asked. taking the rolled parchment.
“It is a rubbing Thal made of the original stone upon which Shigmar inscribed his prophecy,” Klaybear replied.
“You never mentioned that,” Klare noted.
“We discovered it while you were sleeping,” Klaybear said.
“And who was right?” Myron asked, slipping the parchment inside his robes.
“Shigmar made the changes to the copy,” Klaybear said.
Myron nodded.  “You go first,” he said to Klaybear, pointing to the open grate.
Klaybear started to climb down.  Klare moved over to follow him, but she could not resist baiting him again.
“You keep your eyes down, dear,” she said.  “I don’t want to embarrass the Headmaster with further displays of your country manners: no leering up at me as I climb down.”
Klaybear opened his mouth to respond, closed it as his face colored, then spoke.  “Yes, dear,” he said meekly, starting to climb down the ladder.  “I’ll only leer when he is not looking,” he said, then slid the rest of the way down the ladder to avoid her response.
“After you,” Myron’s voice said, “and I’ll turn away, so I do not notice his ‘country manners,’ as you named them.”
“You are as oafish as he is!” Klare’s voice exclaimed, then she climbed down.
When they reached the side passage where they had heard the soldiers enter the sewers, Myron turned aside.  “I think I can get the horses to the private entrance in a couple of hours.”
“But how will we get there?” Klaybear protested.  “The path by the waterfall has fallen away, so we are still trapped inside the city.”
“Well,” Myron said, clasping one of his apprentice’s shoulders and grinning crookedly, “given the careful preparation of the founders, I’m sure they prepared another way of escape,” he added.  “I’ll meet you near the private entrance, outside the city walls in two hours.”  He turned, opened the gate, and climbed the stairs into the lower level of the barracks.

“How did he know?” Klaybear asked.  He and Klare had arrived back in their sanctuary after the others, who had shared what they had found with Tevvy.  They had just related to Klaybear and Klare the door they had found that led into what they thought must be the kailum teleport house in the northwest quarter of the city.
“How did who know?” Thal asked.
“The Headmaster,” Klaybear replied, “how did he know there was a way into the house from the sewers, a secret way that could only be opened by Blakstar?”
Thal shrugged.  “Probably the same way the founders knew,” he said, “or maybe they left him instructions.”
“That’s possible,” Klaybear said, “there is a book kept by the Headmasters, a book that only the Headmaster can read.”
“Well why wouldn’t they have spoken more clearly,” Tevvy noted, “you know, like told us exactly where to find the keys.”
“The One told us where to find the next key,” Klaybear said, “in the tomb of the greatest kailu, which we have reasoned to be Shigmar and his staff.”
“We also now know,” Thal added, “that the morgle who is attacking Shigmar holds the rod of Melbarth, so we know where both of the other two keys are.”
Tevvy shook his head.  “Why do we need to leave the city?” he asked.  “Isn’t Shigmar’s tomb here?”
“No, Tevvy,” Klare said sweetly, “he retired to his hometown before he died, so that is where he is buried.”  Klare entered the room in which she had been sleeping.
“So now we need to go to the tomb of Shigmar,” Thal noted.
Blakstar stood on the other side of the table, looking at the things on the shelf.  “And we need to leave the area around the city,” he said, “before the morgle’s army is fully in place, or we never will leave.”
“We don’t have much time,” Thal noted, “before the morgle opens another door with Melbarth’s rod.”
Klare disappeared from view, and they heard the sound of a door opening.  The three wethem and one awemi, looked in the direction of the sound, then back at each other.  Thal spoke.
“So now all we need is the location of Shigmar’s tomb,” Thal said.
Klaybear shrugged.  “The record only says that he was heading north when he left, carrying a cloth-wrapped, staff-sized bundle.  It’s possible he returned to his estate in Kalbant.”
“How do we know he actually went there?” Tevvy asked.  “How many supplies did he carry? Was he traveling by horse?”
“Those are odd questions,” Thal replied.
“Not really,” Tevvy said, “since if we knew how he traveled, and how many supplies he carried, we would narrow the area we need to search for this tomb.”
Thal raised one eyebrow.  “Good thinking,” he said.
“Klare said that he was buried in her hometown,” Tevvy went on, “so with the knowledge of how much he carried, we could search the map for towns within the circle of distance he could have traveled.  That would help us focus our search.”
“There is only one town,” Klaybear said, “that I know of, that is north of Shigmar: Kalbant, on the shore of Krystal Lake, where the Krystal River leaves the lake and flows south to Shigmar.”
“He could have turned another direction after getting out of sight of the city,” Tevvy said, “we cannot depend on him going straight north, since there is no record of him reaching his estate.  For all we know, he could have turned south out of sight and circled the city, going somewhere else; that is why knowing how he traveled and how many supplies he carried will help.”
Klaybear shook his head.  “As far as I recall from my history studies, the record does not give us that information.”
“Of course not,” Tevvy quipped, “that information might actually be useful.”
Klare stuck her head out of the door.  “What information might be useful?” she asked.
“Well,” Tevvy said, “how Shigmar traveled from the city when he retired, how much food he carried, maybe even the location of his tomb.”
“Horse, one day, and Kalbant,” Klare replied with a smile.  They all looked at her, stunned.
“How do you know?” Tevvy asked.
“Because,” she smiled, “he came from Kalbant, and so did I.  Didn’t my husband share that information with you?”
“He did,” Thal replied, “but knew of no record that he actually arrived there.”
“That makes things easier,” Blakstar noted.
“I require the presence of my husband,” Klare said, still only showing her head in the doorway.
“What for?” Klaybear asked, suspicious of her request.
“I’ve just found the bathing rooms attached to this, our bedroom,” she replied, “and thought to take advantage of them.  Since you, husband, have just been digging in the dirt, and are covered with both dirt and sweat, I thought bathing might be wise.”  Her eyes went to the others.  “I’m guessing that the other bedroom also has a bath, and I refuse to travel with dirty males, short and tall, handsome though they might be.”
“Don’t be fooled by the sugar,” Klaybear said to the others in a quiet voice, “her honeyed requests are not so subtle commands.”
“Klaybear, don’t be mean!” Klare replied even more sweetly.
“We don’t have time,” Blakstar noted.
“You said,” Klare smiled, “that we still had more than an hour before we needed to meet the Headmaster outside the walls, which gives all of you plenty of time to clean up.”  Her head disappeared, but her voice followed.  “Coming, dear?”
“Enjoy your baths,” Klaybear whispered as he walked to the bedroom.
“I’m becoming impatient,” Klare’s voice called.
Tevvy looked up at the white maghi and the kortexi.  “If I ever begin to consider marriage,” he said softly, “say one word to me: Klarissa.”
Thal snorted; Blakstar shook his head and frowned.  “I recognize that tone; my mother used that tone on me all the time.  We better do what she says.”

“We must be very careful here,” Klaybear whispered to the others.  “Even though we only see one kailu on duty, there are many others in this building, including a lesser master.  One shout from the person on duty, and everyone in the house will be here in seconds.”
They stood taking turns looking through the spyholes in a concealed hallway of the kailu teleport house.  One spyhole looked into the room where the telepad was inscribed on the floor, a second into the hallway outside the teleport room, and the third, into the outer hallway of the main floor.  The concealed hallway led down into the sewers to the doorway Tevvy had discovered earlier.  The concealed door out of this hallway opened into the outer hallway, then they had to pass through a second door to enter the hallway adjacent to the teleport room.
“It is laid out well,” Tevvy noted, “making it easy to defend, but we should have no trouble getting past the kailu on duty, if someone can distract her for a moment.”
“Who is on duty?” Klare asked.
“Your friend, Sutugno,” Klaybear noted.
“Oh, no,” Klare said, her brow wrinkling.  “I don’t want to get her into trouble.”
“She won’t remember anything,” Tevvy said, taking a very small vial from one of his many pockets, along with a small, feathered dart.
“You cannot knock her out,” Klare said.
“Of course not,” Tevvy replied, “this will only distract her.”
“What do you mean, distract?” Klare asked.  The three wethem were watching through each of the spyholes.
“She will sit down in her chair and experience a pleasant daydream,” Tevvy replied.
“For how long?”
“I thought five minutes should be enough.”
“Someone has just come down the stairs,” Klaybear, who was watching the outer hall, whispered.  He turned from the spyhole.  “Someone must come down and check on the person on duty every fifteen minutes.”
“That should be plenty of time,” Tevvy said.  “As soon as the person goes up the stairs, we will go out, Klare can knock on the door to speak with this friend.  Get her to turn away from the door, and I’ll deliver the dart.  She’ll grab the dart from her neck, but become distracted before she realizes what it is.  Be ready to catch the keys, as they might slip from her fingers, and help her into her chair.  Signal us when you can see that she is no longer paying any attention to you.”
“She’s just gotten up and gone to the door,” Blakstar, who was watching the hall outside the teleport room, reported.  “I think he said that it was the four-thirty check.”
“One of us should stay here,” Thal said, watching the telepad, “until we get the door open.”
“She is going back to her chair,” Blakstar noted.
“And he is going back to the stairs,” Klaybear added.
Tevvy dipped the small dart into the vial carefully, then put the vial away.  “Ready?” he asked.
“Wait!” Thal exclaimed.  “Someone is appearing on the telepad,” and after a moment, “it’s the Headmaster.”
“She is going to unlock the door,” Blakstar added.  “There must be a signal when someone teleports in.”
Klare and Klaybear both nodded.
“He’s come through,” Blakstar continued, “and she is writing something down.  Now she is sitting again, and,” Blakstar paused, “I think he just put her to sleep.”  The kortexi turned away from the spyhole.  “He just looked straight at me, and beckoned me to him,” he finished, looking slightly puzzled.
Tevvy did not hesitate an instant.  “Quickly,” he said, moving to and opening the concealed door into the outer hallway, “while we have a chance.”
They moved out of the concealed hallway and down the outer hall; Tevvy closed the concealed door softly behind them.  When they turned the corner, they saw the Headmaster opening the door and waving them forward.
“Hurry,” Myron whispered, “we don’t have much time.”  He held the door open until all five of them had entered, then closed the door.  He handed the keys to Klaybear, who opened the door to the teleport room.  “How did you know?” he asked, handing the keys back to Myron.  The others filed into the room.
“Not here,” Myron said, “you take the others through, and then I’ll wake Sutugno and follow you.”
Klaybear nodded, and followed the others to the telepad.  “Everyone needs to touch me, and I”ll transport us through.”  He waited until all had surrounded and put a hand on him, then he held up his silver symbol and invoked the teka, transferring them instantly outside of the walls.  They stood in the pre-dawn darkness, surrounded by trees; they heard the sound of horses moving nearby.
“Klaybear,” came a voice out of the darkness, “is that you?”
“Rokwolf?” Klaybear replied, “what are you doing here?”  They all stepped off the telepad to make way for Myron’s return.
“I’ve been sent to aid you,” Rokwolf replied, and Klaybear noticed the hint of both sadness and bitterness in his twin’s voice.  Klaybear stepped toward the voice in the darkness, opening his arms to embrace his twin brother.
“What has happened?” Klaybear asked in twin, their private language.
“I lost my command,” Rokwolf replied in the same language.
Klare interrupted their embrace, pushing her husband back so that she could embrace her brother-in-law.  “Klaybear,” she said, “you two are doing it again.”
Rokwolf held Klare for a moment, then apologized.  “Sorry, sister,” he said, “it is an old habit, not easily broken.”
Even in the darkness, Klaybear could see the lines at the corners of his eyes, and the dark circles under his eyes.  “What has happened?” she whispered.
“I was tricked by Xythrax,” he said, sadly, “and so left my assigned area.  I was told that it led to an important young kortexi being captured and harmed by Xythrax.”
Klaybear exchanged a look with Klare.  Klaybear turned to the others.  “Let me introduce the rest of my companions,” he began, but Rokwolf interrupted him.
“The chosen?” he asked.
Klaybear nodded once.  “This is Thalamar, son of Kalamar, white maghi,” he pointed to Thal.
Thal took Rokwolf’s hand and shook it.  “Just Thal,” he noted.
“This is Telvor, son of Meekor,” he pointed to the awemi, “a scout.”
Rokwolf smiled.  “Yes, I know him,” Rokwolf noted.
Tevvy nodded. “It has been, what, a year?”
“Yes,” Rokwolf replied.  “And you have graduated from your father’s school, with honors, I heard.”
Tevvy smiled.  “Oh that, well I was the first to graduate, and we both received honors.”  He turned to Klaybear.  “I spent a year training with the seklesem; it was your brother who trained me.”
“And finally,” Klaybear pointed to Blakstar, “this is Sir Blakstar eli kerdu ghebi, bearer of the Waters of Life, Sir Karble reborn.”
Rokwolf took Blakstar’s hand.
“Please,” Blakstar said, “just Blakstar; I’m not used to the rest of it.”
Rokwolf smiled in response to the kortexi’s discomfort.  “I look forward to practicing swordplay with you; I understand that the style of the kortexem is different from our own.”
Blakstar nodded.  “Yes, I would like to learn your style.  Had I not been accepted into kortexi training, I would have come to Holvar and trained as seklesi.”  Blakstar turned away, hearing the whinny of his horse and going to check on him.
A light flashed behind them, announcing the return of the Headmaster.  In the flash of white light, Klaybear saw his twin’s face clearly for the first time; he staggered back, pain burning his forehead and hand, as he was hurled into the gyre of his broken vision.
Klare grabbed his arm; Rokwolf saw him stagger, so grabbed his other side.  The mark on his forehead pulsed with angry red light.
“What is wrong?” he asked Klare.
“This happens each time he sees one of us for the first time,” Klare said, “since his trip to the sacred glade.”
“That mark on his forehead,” Rokwolf said, “it is the mark of Gar.”
“Yes,” Myron said, stepping up beside them, “and he, along with the rest of the chosen, but for you, Tevvy, and Klare, were imprisoned and placed under the sentence of death.  The three of you escaped only because you were not there, but each of you has a similar mark, although you three are like Thal: the mark is inscribed in the patterns of your minds.”  He turned and looked at Thal.  “Help her with Klaybear,” he said, “he should come out of it in a moment.”  He took Rokwolf by the arm and led him off to one side.  “Do not chastise yourself for what happened to Sir Blakstar,” he said in a quiet voice, taking and holding Rokwolf’s eye.  “You are not in any way responsible.  Had you not been pulled out of position by Xythrax, both of you would have been killed, and the kortexi would have been damaged anyway.  Also, he does not remember what actually happened to him, so be careful what you say.  You were, like Klare and Tevvy, under a compulsion put in place and controlled by Gar; that is why you fainted when you put on the verghrenum.  The bracers saved your mind by putting you into a kind of stasis.  Fereghen Wothgart was informed of this, and so he sent you straight to me, who could repair the damage, with the help of several others.”
“How was this possible?” Rokwolf said.  “I’ve never seen Gar.”
“I do not know,” Myron replied.  “Listen to me carefully; there is little time.  You have to lead the others away from Shigmar without the army on the other side of this hill knowing they have left.”
“Where are we going?” Rokwolf asked.
“North to Kalbant, I think,” Myron replied.  “They now know where.  One final thing: do not engage in any fighting.  If it becomes a choice between fight and flight, choose flight, even if it takes you far out of the way.  I’m sure they have been given this warning, but it also shows up in the records kept by the headmasters of the school.  To retrieve the second key, they must be completely inexperienced, or they will not succeed.  This is especially important with Sir Blakstar: he will want to fight but you must prevent him, even if you have to knock him out or put him to sleep.  They can give you the rest of the story as you travel.”
Tevvy stepped up and touched Myron’s sleeve.  “Headmaster,” he whispered, “there is something else you must know.  I was captured by a group of Gar’s soldiers inside the walls of the city.  They are hiding in the northeast quarter of the city, just north of the sewer grate.  They have a cache of weapons; I think they mean to open the gate and let the attackers in.”
“I’ll let Master Ghreis know,” Myron replied, then turned back to Rokwolf.  “There is a monument in the central square of Kalbant; I’d check there first.”
Rokwolf nodded and turned to Klare.  “How is he?”
“Coming around,” Klare replied.
“Can he ride?” Rokwolf asked.
“By the time we all get ready to leave, yes,” Klare said.
“Then let’s go while we still have some darkness,” Rokwolf said.

Chapter 5

Secretly smuggled out of Shigmar
the CHOSEN trail led north
to the home of the first headmaster
Shigmar, founder of great renown
seeking the powerful artifact
hidden in the first kailu’s tomb. . . .

from ‘The Great Year,’ a song cycle by Sir Kovar, written atno 3553

Shigmar, city of the kailum, lay nestled in a valley in the central part of the Monti-stethreu, or “Mountains of the Fallen Star.”  Through this valley wound the Krystal River, named after both the lake which was its source, and the clear, pure water; the river ran from north to south through the valley.  The city of Shigmar covered both banks of the river, which flowed into the central market, and there was diverted into the caverns beneath the city where the river became part of the city’s sewer system.  The city sat at the southernmost point of the valley, with the school of the kailum perched atop the cliff-edge of the valley, just above the point where the river issued from the caverns beneath the city, falling five-hundred feet, in several stages, to the plateau below.  The valley north of the city, on either side of the river, was covered with lush farmlands, which supplied most of the food for the city.  The land closest to the river was the most fertile, covered with orchards and fields of vegetables; the rolling hills bordering the valley’s bottomland were sown with grains, and on the lower slopes of the mountains, livestock roamed where ash and birch grew in abundance.  From its establishment, the people of the valley had been completely self-sufficient, and trade with other cities, beyond the villages and farmers living along the Krystal River, had not been established until the beginning of the second millennia, atno 1007, when the mountain trail leading to the valley had been expanded into a road over which wagons could pass.  Once the wagons had begun to arrive, the city expanded from being the simple home of the school for kailum to a bustling center of trade.
Like all cities of the realm, Shigmar was surrounded by a stone wall with a single gate, a gate bridging the river, which had been dammed to create a small lake that helped to protect the city.  The gate usually remained open while the sun was up, but on this day, when the sun rose, the gates did not open; the city guard manned all fortifications in and around the gate, refusing to let anyone pass.  Word had gone around the city that the vanguard of an unfriendly army occupied an area to the northwest behind the first hill, and so out of sight of the walls.  A detachment of horsed guards had reportedly passed through the gates in the time just before dawn, sent to scout out enemy movements.  Many kailum had gone with them, including, if the rumors were true, Headmaster Myron himself.  This rumor did little to calm the fears of many of the city’s inhabitants, since all of them had been awakened several hours before dawn by an explosion that rocked the city, coming from the eastern quarter, and rumor had it that one of the nicer inns there had been destroyed by the blast, and all who were staying there killed.  As the sun rose, the soldiers manning the walls could see smoke rising beyond the first hill northwest of the city, west of the river.  On the east side of the first hill northeast of the city, a small group of riders stood holding their mounts, waiting for the sixth and smallest member of their party to return.
When Klaybear finished telling Rokwolf what had happened since they had last spoken, the seklesi stood for a time in thoughtful silence before speaking.  “All that has happened over the past few days,” Rokwolf finally said, breaking his silence, “seems to be a part of some larger plan of Gar’s that he prepared long before, especially the marking of some of us, mentally.”
They stood together holding the reins of their horses, with Thal holding Blakstar’s mount along with his own, while Rokwolf held the reins of Tevvy’s smaller pony along with his own.  The kortexi moved between watching the shadows under the trees to the north, the way Tevvy had gone a quarter of an hour before, and moving to the west, where he could just see the enemy vanguard across the river.
Thal nodded.  “I think you must refer particularly to the alterations made to the patterns of my mind,” he noted.
“Yes, partially,” Rokwolf replied, “but I was thinking more along the lines of plans put into place in the days of the founders.”  He turned to his twin.  “The disrupting of your vision, however, this seems out of place, as if it were not meant to be.  You both have told me that Headmaster Myron and Hierarch Kalamar indicated that there was something wrong.”
“Not in so many words,” Thal noted, “but there was something odd about my master’s behavior.”
“What?” Rokwolf asked.
“Before that moment,” Thal said, “if I started to lose control of an orthek, as it seemed was happening in this case, he would have stopped the orthek and asked me to clear my mind and begin again.  However, in that moment, he was either so surprised by what happened that he did not act, or something prevented him from acting.”
“My master always spoke of your father,” Klaybear noted, “as the most powerful white maghi living.  Who, or what, could have prevented him from stopping the orthek?”
“Only two possible beings come to mind,” Thal replied.  “Gar, which would lend support to what Rokwolf is thinking, but I did not think he could approach our tower, for the teka fences protecting it, especially without first breaking those barriers, which would have alerted us to his presence.  The only other possibility is the One, which may indicate that it was intended, but why would he ‘muddle’ my vision, or yours?” he finished looking from one twin to the other.
Blakstar moved toward the west, squatting behind a rock where he could see across the river.
“I’m not sure I understand the difference between your visions,” Rokwolf went on, “the orthek you used, Thal, sounds similar to ortheks used by the other maghi orders, which only reveal flashes of the future, just images.”
“The vukeetu,” Thal noted, “used by all maghem, as you said, give the maghi glimpses of future events in the maghi’s life.  These glimpses help to shape his studies, help him to prepare for the future, help him to know what to do, generally.  Anyone who tries to wrest specifics from them deserves everything bad that happens to him,” Thal smiled wryly.
A flicker of anger filled Rokwolf, but he quickly suppressed it.  He turned to his twin.  Blakstar looked toward the north, still watching for the awemi as he kept an eye on the enemy vanguard.
“With ours,” Klaybear began, “we, similarly, see glimpses of our own futures, usually revolving around our life’s purpose: what our role is in the plan of the One.  My master saw images that led him to believe he was to search out the chosen.  He spent many years in fruitless searching before he realized that what he was meant to do was to train two of the chosen, us,” he added, stumbling over the word and indicating Klare and himself, “and since he knew from the prophecy that two of us would be kailum, he reckoned he would directly train one and would influence the second.  So he devoted his life to teaching, and he eventually became Headmaster, so was in a very good position to choose me as his apprentice, while his best friend, Master Avril, became master of healing and took Klare as his apprentice.”
Rokwolf’s brow wrinkled.  “I still don’t see that they are all that different, since the flashes of the future can be misinterpreted, as they come simply as images.”
“It is not that they are different,” Thal put in, “but that in my case, the images were interrupted from outside, until the final image I saw was your older brother, wounded and about to be attacked by ghelem.  From what your twin brother has told us, his was more than interrupted; he saw alternate outcomes for each image of the future, almost as if two people outside of him were controlling what he saw . . . ,” Thal’s voice trailed off, the maghi’s thought turning inward.
Klaybear picked it up.  “With mine, though, the images were smashed together, melting into each other, so that I cannot tell where one ends and another begins.  Even now, if I think about any of you too closely, the images associated begin to resurface and take control of my mind,” he finished, turning his eyes away and shaking his head.  “And the vision should not be able to do that, meaning, usurp control of the individual’s mind.”
“You better come and see this,” Blakstar hissed, waving to them.
Klaybear gave his reins to Klare; Rokwolf wrapped the reins he held around a low branch.  They both moved carefully over to where Blakstar squatted, joining him.  The kortexi pointed to the other side of the river.  A gray, shimmering arch, wide enough for five large men walking abreast, was clearly visible.  First through the arch were a dozen black maghem, followed by as many red kailum, who took up positions around the grey arch and began weaving ortheks.  A red dome of force blossomed to life, surrounding and covering the arch.  Almost before the dome was in place, lines of ghelem and purem came through the arch, moving in all directions to form ranks around the arch.
Klaybear looked back to where Klare and Thal stood.  “You better come and see,” he said.
“What?” Klare asked.
“The rest of the army,” Klaybear said, “coming through a doorway like Blakstar can open with his sword.”
“That’s very interesting,” Thal said, wrapping his reins around a low branch and joining the others, “especially considering the state in which we left his mind after severing those powerlinks.  I’m surprised that the morgle who has Melbarth’s rod could have repaired his mind so quickly and opened another archway.”
Now that the arch was surrounded by ranks of ghelem and purem, other creatures began to emerge: tall blue-skinned wedaterem whipped by their puram masters, purgle, servants of Nekerp, the Lord of Death, leading ranks of nekerpum, raised from graves across the realm, a handful of huge megatrem, wielding black and smoking swords, burning whatever they touched, several, nearly as large, krugle carrying giant hammers, and, just as Thal and Klare came up behind the others, a red aperu flew out of the arch, glided in a circle over the armies below, then landed on the hilltop straight across the river from them.  Rokwolf pulled them all back away from the stone, sending both Thal and Klare tumbling.
“Hey!” Klare exclaimed, “be careful!”
“Quiet!” Rokwolf hissed through clenched teeth.  “We have to get out of here before that beast starts looking around: the aperu have the eyes of eagles and could have seen us watching!”  He crawled back to the horses, grabbing the reins he had wrapped around a branch.  The others followed him, with Klare brushing grass off her robes and looking daggers at her brother-in-law.  They heard the aperu roar, sounding like a furnace with too much fuel in it.  Rokwolf began to lead his horse and Tevvy’s pony down the hill; the others retrieved their own reins and followed.
Blakstar caught up with Rokwolf.  “What about the awemi?”
“He should be on his way back by now,” Rokwolf replied, “so we should meet him shortly.  We can wait at the bottom of this hill for him.”
“I do not trust him,” the kortexi said.
Rokwolf resisted the urge to glare at Blakstar.  “He comes from a good family,” Rokwolf replied, “and an academy commissioned by the Fereghen, himself.”
“He admitted that he was a thief,” Blakstar added.
“His profession requires that he sometimes do things you kortexem would find offensive,” Rokwolf said.  “My advice to you, and I’m sure Headmaster Myron would agree, is that in the interest of keeping all of us alive, you should ignore those behaviors you find offensive, and focus on those that are helpful to our cause.”
“How can I do that?” Blakstar protested. “Whenever I look at him, I see a little thief, watching furtively for a chance to pick someone’s pockets.”
Rokwolf groaned inside.  “Look,” Rokwolf began, “I know it is not easy to accept, but from what the prophecy says, he is an equally valuable member of our group, of those chosen of the One,” he laid careful emphasis on those words, “to end Gar’s rule.  We each have a role to play in that, and right now, your role is to bring up the rear, listen for sounds of pursuit, and if you hear any, urge us to greater speed.  The Headmaster was very specific in his orders to me: I am here to see that the three key-holders, you,” he pointed at Blakstar, “my brother, and Master Thalamar, make it into Shigmar’s tomb without stopping to fight anyone, no matter what the provocation, and most especially,” he stabbed a finger at Blakstar, “you.  If I have to hit you over the head with a rock and tie you to your horse in order to fulfill those orders, I will.”
The kortexi stopped, stunned in place, his face flaming.  The others moved around him, continuing to follow the seklesi as he picked his way among the trees going north and down the hill.  Klare moved up next to Rokwolf.
“What were you whispering about?” she asked Rokwolf.
Rokwolf glanced at her before responding.  “The kortexi was sharing some of his prejudices with me.”
“Don’t be too mean to him, brother,” Klare said, laying a hand fondly on his arm.  “He has had some very rough days.”
Rokwolf glanced at Klare again.  “He’s not the only one,” he replied curtly, then moved quickly ahead of her.

Klare fell back next to her husband, who was just behind her and in front of Thal and Blakstar.  “Rokwolf seems upset by something,” she spoke softly to Klaybear.
Klaybear looked to his twin.  “Yes,” he replied, “something is bothering him, and he has told me almost nothing about what happened to him.”  He sighed.  “I hope it doesn’t interfere with his ability to lead us to Shigmar’s Tomb.”
“Let’s hope not,” Klare said.  “I’d hate to make this journey, trying to dodge whoever Gar sends after us, with half of us not speaking to, or arguing with, the other half.  We must be united, or we will be caught and killed, or worse.”
Klaybear nodded once, then looked toward his brother.  “Maybe I can find something out,” he whispered to his spouse, “if I speak to him in our private language.”
Klare laid her hand fondly on her spouse’s arm.  “I hope so, since he used to be so pleasant to be around.”
Ahead of them, Rokwolf stopped, holding up one hand; the others stopped where they were and waited; they saw Tevvy detach himself from the shadows.  He greeted Rokwolf, accepted the reins of his pony, then the two began to speak, although the others heard no sound.  After a moment, Rokwolf turned and waved them forward.
“The road looks clear,” Rokwolf said softly when they had all joined him, “which will allow us to move quickly.”
“None of the enemy,” Tevvy added, “not even any of the newcomers, have moved to secure the road, nor have they sent out any scouts.”
“They will soon,” Rokwolf said, “both in this direction, and the road south.  It is good that the Headmaster insisted on sending messengers toward Holvar, to contact the first seklesi patrol they can find; that way, word should reach the Fereghen by midday.”
“How soon will the seklesi army be able to leave?” Blakstar asked.
“The Fereghen will call in all nearby patrols,” Rokwolf replied, “and all seklesem in Holvar, so early evening.”
“Which means,” Blakstar said, “that they will not arrive for two more days, if there is not another army between Shigmar and Holvar.”
Rokwolf nodded.  “Two days, at least.”
“Is the door still open?” Thal asked Blakstar.
The kortexi looked puzzled.  “How would I know?  I cannot see the door from here.”
“Your sword,” Thal said, “can you still feel the morgle using the rod through your sword?”
Blakstar’s hand went to the hilt of his sword; he nodded. “It is humming as it did this morning.”  He paused.  “Couldn’t we interrupt him again, as we did earlier this morning?”
Thal laughed softly.  “Didn’t you see all those black maghem and red kailum?  And the glowing red dome covering the arch?”
Blakstar nodded.  “They were the first out of the arch.”
“Uh-huh,” Thal nodded, “and they were there for our benefit: to prevent us from interrupting the morgle a second time.  Twenty-four power wielding minions maintaining that dome!  He must think we are quite powerful, which is really good for the ego,” he finished with a smile.
Klaybear chuckled.  “And if we tried to interrupt him again, he would quickly discover how weak we really are.”
Rokwolf’s brow wrinkled.  They heard a loud sound, like steam hissing and whistling out of a pot.  Rokwolf looked up toward the sound before speaking.  “Another aperu, sounds like a yellow, or an orange, and it means a second legion.”  He looked back down and at Blakstar.  “And is the doorway still open?”
Blakstar nodded once, still touching the hilt of his sword.
Rokwolf shook his head.  “A third legion, then; this will complicate things,” he whispered softly to himself.  He looked back toward Shigmar.  “We better get moving,” he said, still looking away, “before they send out patrols.”
They quickly led their horses out of the trees and onto the road, mounting and beginning to trot north, the kortexi riding with one hand touching the hilt of his sword.
“Let me know when it stops,” Rokwolf called over his shoulder, “which will give us some idea of the forces this morgle is bringing against Shigmar.”
“Why do we need to know that?” Thal asked.
“The Headmaster told me,” Rokwolf replied, “that we should retrieve the staff and return quickly; he has some information that the staff will save Shigmar.”
Klaybear and Klare turned in their saddles to look back at Rokwolf; Tevvy had already galloped his pony ahead, to scout further down the road.
“He told you that?” Klaybear said, looking back at Klare.  “Why wouldn’t he share that information with us?”
“He said,” Rokwolf replied, “that he just discovered that information, and there was no time to tell you.  He added that it was my burden, and that you would have enough on your minds without adding that to the burdens you will carry.”
Klaybear looked at Klare and saw the same surprise on her face that he now felt.
“Those were his words,” Rokwolf added, “not mine.”
Thal scratched his chin.  “He spoke in the future,” he noted, “referring to things that would happen, probably as a result of retrieving the staff.”
“It sounds . . . ,” Klare hesitated, “ominous.”
One of Klaybear’s eyebrows rose.  “I wonder how he knows?” he whispered.
“I wonder what he knows?” Thal asked.
“I tried to ask,” Rokwolf explained, “but he ignored my question, moving off to take care of other business.”
“Shouldn’t we be keeping an eye on the awemi?” Blakstar asked.
Rokwolf paused before answering, head turning north to where Tevvy had disappeared around a bend in the road.  “He’ll be fine,” he said, looking back at the kortexi.  “I was one of those who helped train him.  You should keep focused on your sword: is it still humming?”
The kortexi nodded.
“I’ll ride forward periodically to check on him and learn what he has discovered of the road ahead, if anything,” Rokwolf noted.  “From what we have seen, the road north appears to be empty.”
“That is odd,” Klaybear said, “there is usually some traffic on this road, even this early.”
Rokwolf shrugged.  “No one was allowed to leave this morning,” he noted, “the city gates were not opened.”
“Yes, but there are always some local farmers coming to town this time of day,” Klaybear said, “it is odd that there is no one.”
Rokwolf gazed north again, before turning and answering his twin.  “It is an advantage for us,” he said, “that way, there will be no one who has seen us traveling the road, no one who could be captured by the invaders and provide intelligence of our whereabouts.  Surely the morgle knows about the chosen, knows that Gar is particularly interested in thwarting us, or even capturing us.”
The others fell silent; they trotted north for about a quarter of an hour in silence, which was disrupted by a third, echoing roar from the south.  Blakstar touched the hilt of his sword, concentrating for a moment before speaking.
“The doorway is still open,” he whispered.
“A fourth legion,” Rokwolf replied, kicking his heels into his horse’s flanks, spurring his mount forward.  “I’m going to check on Tevvy,” he said without turning.
“How long should we trot,” Klaybear asked Blakstar, “before we will need to rest the horses?”
The kortexi leaned forward patting Wingfoot on the neck.  “He could go on for hours, if necessary.”  He leaned back, looking around at the other horses.  “Yours look like they are in pretty good shape; the only one I’d worry about is the awemi’s pony, which looks fairly stout, but the fact that he is riding ahead of us . . . ,” he hesitated for a moment, “and he’s riding a pony, means that his mount will probably tire first.”
Klaybear nodded.  “Since my twin helped train him,” he noted, “I’m sure he will not overtire his mount.”
Blakstar frowned and nodded, falling silent, hand returning to the hilt of his sword; their horses’ hooves echoed dully, breaking the unnatural silence surrounding them.  Klare moved her mount closer to her husband; Klaybear looked around nervously.  Thal rode next to Blakstar, thoughts turned inward; the road climbed slowly, winding next to the river.  After another ten minutes of silent trotting, they rounded a corner and saw Rokwolf waiting for them.
“All clear,” Rokwolf noted, moving his mount to a trot as they approached him.
“The road is still empty?” Klaybear asked.
Rokwolf nodded.  “I think we are ahead of their patrols, so we should be fine; we should probably keep trotting for another half-an-hour before slowing to a walk.”  He turned to look back at Blakstar.  “Is the doorway still open?”
Blakstar, who had been riding with one hand on the hilt of his sword, nodded once.
“We will want to know . . . ,” Rokwolf began but was interrupted by the kortexi.
“It’s stopped!” Blakstar exclaimed.
Moments after Blakstar’s exclamation, they heard the distant sound of a roar, echoing dully.
“The fourth aperu,” Rokwolf said softly, “four legions set against Shigmar.”  He shook his head slowly.  “The city will fall before help can arrive,” he whispered in twin.
“What is bothering you?” Klaybear asked, also in their private language.  “You have not been yourself.”
Rokwolf looked at his twin for a time before replying.  “Time, time is always too short, the time is never right.”  He kicked his heels into his horse’s flanks and rode ahead before Klaybear could respond.
Klaybear watched his twin riding ahead; Klare touched his arm.
“What did he say?” Klare whispered.  “Did you ask him what is bothering him?”
Klaybear turned to his wife.  “I did; he did not tell me,” he said, “not really.”  He sighed.  “He thinks Shigmar will fall before help can arrive, then he said something about time being too short and not right.”
Klare snorted.  “Time is always too short,” she noted, not realizing she repeated what Rokwolf had said, “but why would he think time is not right?  Not right for what?”
Klaybear shifted uncomfortably in his saddle.  “We do not ride often enough,” he noted.
Klare nodded and then waited, knowing her husband was thinking.
They rode for a time in silence.  “You don’t suppose he is still upset over Marilee?” Klaybear asked.
“You’re still bothered by Malkonik,” Klare countered, “even though he can no longer be a rival.”  She smiled and touched his arm fondly.
Klaybear returned her smile, recognizing her jest.  “So you think he still could be?”
Klare nodded.  “He was really sure they were meant to marry when we last saw him; my heart always told me that they were not right for each other, regardless of what that methaghi told him.  I’ve always thought my friend was better for him, but now that does not seem possible.”
“He needs to let her go and move on,” Klaybear said.
“So do you,” Klare noted, and smiled again.
Klaybear nodded, looking forward again at his twin’s back.  “He still seems to be able to do his work,” Klaybear noted.
Klare shrugged.  “I’m not so sure,” she replied.  “Marilee seemed to suggest that his obsession with her is what caused them to be out of place when . . . ,” she broke off, looking back at Thal and Blakstar riding behind them.  “Was he the kortexi they were supposed to be protecting?” she asked, nodding over her shoulder.
“Marilee thought as much,” Klaybear replied.
“Does he know?”
“Which he?” Klaybear asked, “Blakstar, or Rokwolf?”
“Does it matter?” Klare countered.
“Well,” Klaybear said, “Blakstar was in the room when she voiced her belief that he was the kortexi they were supposed to be protecting, and I could tell she felt terrible for what she believed had happened, but Blakstar doesn’t remember a thing, although it is easy to figure out given the records of his order concerning those who failed to reach the Mountain.”
“And Rokwolf?”
He shrugged.  “I don’t know; I’m sure he knows that his being pulled out of position caused problems for a kortexi, but he may not know that the kortexi was Blakstar.”  He looked at his wife riding next to him.  “Are you feeling all right?” he asked.  “You look suddenly pale.”
Klare swayed in her saddled; Klaybear put out a hand to steady her.  “Suddenly is right!  I feel . . . ,” she hesitated, putting one hand over her stomach, “like I’m going to be sick,” she whispered, turning her mount off the road and riding into the trees.

Klaybear whistled to Rokwolf, who turned and stopped, seeing his twin riding off the road.
“What is it?” Thal asked, he and Blakstar stopping where Klaybear left the road.
“Klare is suddenly ill,” Klaybear called over his shoulder, following her into the trees; they heard the sound of her retching somewhere beyond Klaybear.
Rokwolf trotted back while the sounds of Klare’s retching continued.  He stopped facing the others.  “That’s Klare?” he asked.
Thal nodded.  “She turned pale suddenly, then rode into the trees.”
One of Rokwolf’s eyebrows raised slightly; a smile touched the corner of his mouth as he looked to where Klaybear had followed her into the trees, and the sounds of Klare’s retching became more labored.  “This could present some problems,” he whispered.
“Problems?” Thal asked, looking puzzled.
The kortexi sat with his brow wrinkled.
“Yes,” Rokwolf replied, smiling, “if she has to stop frequently throughout the morning to be sick,” he went on, emphasizing the word.
Comprehension dawned on the maghi’s face; a crooked grin lit up his long face, framed by his wild red hair.  “Yes, that could cause us some problems.”  His grin widened into a smile he turned on Rokwolf, and the two of them turned to smile at Klaybear, who had stopped just inside the edge of the trees; Blakstar’s brow was still wrinkled.
Klaybear turned and saw both of their smiles.  “What are you implying?” he asked.
“That you, brother,” Rokwolf said, grinning wider at the fact that his brother did not comprehend, “have proven yourself a real wethi.”
Thal snorted.  “That your father’s bloodline will continue into the next generation,” he added.
Klaybear looked at them both, grinning at him, almost laughing at him, when the import of their words finally sank into his conscious thought; his face lit up, split by a grin that mirrored Rokwolf’s.  “I better go and tell Klare,” he said, stupidly, turning and riding back into the trees; Klare’s retching had nearly stopped.
Thal and Rokwolf laughed; the kortexi was still looking puzzled, brow wrinkled.  “Are you saying that she’s going to slow us down by being frequently ill, which means pursuit will catch up and trap us, and you think that is funny?”
Thal and Rokwolf laughed again; from the trees, they heard Klare’s voice: “What are you doing!” her voice exclaimed.
“Hugging you,” his voice replied, “we’re going to be parents!”
“Parents?” her voice replied, “have you gone . . . ,” her voice trailed off.
Comprehension dawned on the kortexi’s face; he smiled.  “Now I understand, morning sick,” he said.
“Put me down, you great oaf!” Klare’s voice said, “I think I’m going to be sick again!”
The sound of her retching restarted; they smiled and chuckled for a moment.
“All jesting aside,” Thal said, “Should we be worried about pursuit, if we have to stop periodically for Klare?”
Rokwolf looked toward the south.  “I’m sure their patrols have gone out by now, which puts us about . . . ,” he was saying, then stopped when their horses jumped, startled by the sound of a concussion to the south; all heads turned in that direction; Rokwolf and Blakstar’s hands went to their swords.
“It’s humming again!” Blakstar exclaimed, his exclamation countered by the sound of creaking and cracking wood away south, followed by the sound of a tree crashing to the ground; Klare went suddenly silent.
Rokwolf turned his mount and rode off in the direction of the sound.  “Wait here,” he said.
While they waited the two kailum led their mounts out of the trees and onto the road; Klare was pale, looking like she would be sick again.
“What was that?” Klaybear whispered.
Thal shrugged.  “Rokwolf went to investigate.”
A few minutes passed in silence; Klare held quite still, willing her stomach not to heave.  Rokwolf rode back into sight, his brow wrinkled.
“What was it?” Klaybear asked.
“A tree falling,” he replied.  He stopped and looked at the kortexi.  “Your sword?” he asked.
“Stopped as soon as we heard the tree falling,” Blakstar replied.
“Old trees,” Thal noted, “sometimes fall after long, hard winters.”
“Sometimes,” Rokwolf said, “but this tree was young and quite healthy.”  He turned to Klare.  “Can you ride?”
Klare did not look up.  “I think so,” she said, “the worst of it seems to have passed, and I have nothing left in my stomach.”
“We should get moving,” Rokwolf said, “and quickly, if Klare can manage it.”
“I’ll try,” Klare whispered.
Klaybear helped Klare climb back on her horse.  “Okay?” he asked.
Klare gave a curt nod.  “Start slowly,” she said, handing her reins to her husband, once he had mounted, and clutching pommel of her saddle with both hands.
They urged their mounts into a walk, Klaybear watching his wife closely as they increased the pace.  They managed a fast trot before Klaybear could see that they should go no faster.
“Slower,” Klare hissed through clenched teeth.
They complied, slowing to a trot, which lasted for about ten minutes before Klare shouted for them to stop, leaning over the side of her mount and retching drily.
Barely half a minute passed when their mounts twitched, responding to another subterranean concussion, followed by creaking and cracking, and they saw the tree fall across the road just south of them.
Rokwolf turned to look at Blakstar.  “Your sword?”
Blakstar nodded.  “I touched it as soon as we heard the concussion, and felt the humming stop when the tree fell.”
“The morgle,” Thal noted.  He looked at Klaybear; Klare was trying not to retch.  “Do you suppose,” he said, “that the morgle has discovered the mental link between the keys?”
Blakstar still touched his hand to his sword.  “It’s starting again!”
“Ride!” Rokwolf exclaimed, kicking his mount.
The others followed, galloping north; Klare held both her saddle and her stomach, trying to keep from retching while staying on her galloping mount.  They felt the concussion, heard the creaking of wood and the crashing of another tree.  Turning to look back before the road wound around another corner, they saw a large, healthy-looking tree blocking the road at nearly the exact point where they had stopped.
“We can’t run all the way to Shigmar’s Tomb!” Klaybear exclaimed to his twin.
“No,” Rokwolf replied, “and it’s only a matter of time before the morgle simply blocks the road ahead of us, and slows us enough for pursuit to catch us.”  He slowed to a trot; the others imitated his action.  Rokwolf turned to Klaybear.  “Is there any way you can mask our presence from the morgle?” he asked.
Klaybear started to reply but was interrupted by Thal.
“There might be a way,” Thal said, “but I’m not sure it would fully mask us from the rod and a being as powerful mentally as the morgle are.”
“What do you mean?” Rokwolf asked.
“Our problem is that we are all only novices in our different arts,” Thal answered.  “There is a way to cover our position with a mental fog, but my inexperience prevents it from being much larger that a single person; it would not cover the mental thread that connects the three keys to each other, so the morgle would still know where we are, since all he would have to do is look for the moving bit of mental fog,” he finished, smiling wryly.
Rokwolf looked at his brother after glancing once at Klare; she rode hunched in her saddle, still very pale.  Rokwolf frowned.  “Why can’t we do the same thing as the morgle?”
Klaybear looked puzzled.  “Why would we want to knock living trees over?” he countered.
“Not knock over a tree,” Rokwolf replied, “open a doorway directly to Shigmar’s Tomb.”
“We do not know, precisely, where the tomb is,” Klaybear replied.
“Then open the door to Kalbant, his hometown,” Rokwolf said.
The others were silent for a time.
Thal broke the silence.  “Probably because Blakstar would need to rest an entire night after opening the doorway, and from all we have been told about the tomb, and the need for us to return quickly, he would not be able to face whatever awaits us inside in a state of exhaustion,” he said.
Rokwolf again glanced at his sister-in-law.  “The morgle managed to open a second doorway, and he continues to attack us from a distance, without the required night of rest.”
Thal opened his mouth but closed it again; the others sat silent.
“Why couldn’t someone besides the kortexi open the doorway?” Rokwolf asked.  
Thal shook his head.  “We saw what happened to the guard captain in the dungeon, who touched Blakstar’s sword: all in the room were killed.”
“Wait a moment,” Blakstar said, “you touched my sword and weren’t killed,” he pointed at Thal.
“But I wasn’t trying to use it,” Thal protested.
The kortexi shook his head.  “You were,” he said.  “You held it up to test your idea that the sword would take someone’s will, so you tried to threaten me with it.”
“And it didn’t work,” Thal replied.
“Only because you did not know how to properly hold and wield a sword,” Blakstar retorted.
“Rokwolf has a point,” Klare said weakly, “we are all chosen, why couldn’t one of us use the sword to open a doorway to Kalbant?”
Klaybear shrugged and started to reply but stopped, interrupted by the sound of hooves pounding toward them.  Looking north, they all saw Tevvy come around a bend in the road ahead of them, whipping his pony.  The awemi started to speak before any of them slowed.
“There is an army of purem moving toward us on the road!” he exclaimed.  “I had to kill one of their scouts, who stumbled into the place where I was concealed.”
Rokwolf turned to Blakstar.  “I think it is time to find out whether or not one of us can use the sword to open a doorway to Kalbant.”

Chapter 6

Artifacts of power, by their very nature, consume huge amounts of energy when used, which can drain and ultimately kill the person using them; however, they also contain giant reservoirs of energy that the wielder can draw upon when using their primary and secondary powers.

from Annals of Melbarth, Third Series, Early Lectures of the Hierarchs
Lecture by Sedra Melbarth

Rokwolf took Blakstar’s sword to open the door; the golden light surrounding the sword dimmed for a moment as the sword passed from one hand to the other but resumed its usual brilliance a moment later.  The others stood waiting, holding their mounts ready to pass through the portal the moment it opened.  To the north, they could just hear the sounds of marching feet and harsh voices.
“Draw a circle on the ground,” the kortexi spoke softly, “with the image of where you want to go clearly in your mind; make the circle large enough for a horse to be led through.”
Rokwolf nodded, then started to drag the point of the sword over the dirt.
“Once the point returns to the place on the ground where you started,” Blakstar continued, “lift the sword high overhead forming an arch in the air, bringing the point to the ground on the other side of the circle.  Hold the point there until all have gone through, then step through yourself and lift the sword, which will close the door.”
Rokwolf did as instructed, lifting the sword once he had drawn the circle in the dirt; when the point touched the ground on the other side of the circle, a gray shimmering formed in the air.  Tevvy led his pony through, followed by Klaybear, Thal, Klare, and Blakstar leading two horses.  Rokwolf stepped into the arch, lifting the sword and closing the door.  Smoke and the smell of burning assailed them.  Rokwolf pressed will-giver back into Blakstar’s hand; the kortexi wordlessly sheathed it, extinguishing its golden glow.
“What has happened?” Tevvy asked, looking around.
The town square was ruined; the buildings surrounding the square were smoldering rubble; bodies lay haphazardly about the square, some charred and black, some masses of bloody clothes and flesh.  The square was silent but for the occasional crack and pop of wooden timbers still burning.  They stood near what had been a monument topped with a statue, broken pieces scattered around what had been the base of the monument, the base itself cracked and misshapen, as if it had been struck repeatedly by some giant hammer and then superheated, so that the edges had begun to melt and run.
Klare drew a sharp breath, looking around the square of her childhood home.  “Father!” she exclaimed, running west and out of the square.
“Klare, no!” Klaybear shouted.  “It’s not safe!”  He started to move after her.
Rokwolf grabbed him.  “I’ll go,” he said sharply, “you cannot fight anyone, and you should help the others find the tomb.  It has to be . . . ,” he began, but his twin cut him off.
“It’s my wife!” Klaybear shouted, jerking his arm free and running after Klare.
Rokwolf shook his head.  “You three stay here and look for the tomb.”  He turned to follow his brother.
“Where do we look?” Thal asked.
“Try the broken statue,” Rokwolf said without turning, then disappeared from the square.
At nearly the same time, Tevvy pointed.  “Here,” he said, “this was a monument to the first kailu, Shigmar.”
Blakstar looked in the direction Rokwolf and the others had gone.  “He shouldn’t be strong enough to walk,” he noted.  “How can he open a door with my sword, an action that exhausts me, and still be able to act?”
Thal shook his head.  “Maybe because he is more experienced than you.”  He turned to Tevvy.  “What are we looking for?”
Tevvy walked up to the pedestal.  “A way to open this, or slide it back, revealing the entrance to his tomb,” he said, running his small hands over the side of the cracked and melted stone nearest to them.
“How do we know his tomb is here?” Blakstar asked, eyeing the awemi.
Tevvy paused, looking up from his examination of the stone.  “This is the only monument to Shigmar anywhere in the village.”
“Doesn’t the village have some kind of graveyard?” Thal asked.
Tevvy nodded, going back to his work.  “We’ll go there after we have thoroughly examined this,” he said.
“But if we are looking for a tomb,” Blakstar objected, “wouldn’t be smarter to start in the graveyard?”
“It would,” Tevvy replied without looking up; he moved right to one side of the pedestal.  “But we were instructed to look here first.”
“Instructed?” Blakstar asked, “by whom?”
“The Headmaster, of course,” Tevvy replied, looking up.  “Shouldn’t you be looking around for survivors?”
The kortexi blushed, turning away from Tevvy; he nodded once, then moved off to the nearest body.
Tevvy watched him for a moment, then looked back to the white maghi.  “I can handle this,” he said.  “I’ll call if I find anything.”
Thal nodded, moving off toward Blakstar, who had moved away from the first corpse.  As Thal caught up with the kortexi, he heard him mumbling to himself.
“Something wrong?” Thal asked.
Blakstar jumped, startled out of his thinking, his face still flushed.  “He’s right,” he admitted, “I should have immediately started looking for survivors.”
“Why didn’t you?” Thal asked.
Blakstar bent to examine another body.  “Also, dead,” he noted, “the purem did a thorough job; I doubt we will find anyone living here.  Every corpse has been stabbed through the heart by a thin dagger.”  He moved on without commenting on the mark branded on each forehead, and without answering Thal’s question.
Thal had turned white and was holding his stomach; the smoke had shifted around the square, bringing with it the pungent smell of burning flesh and turning his stomach.  He looked to where the kortexi stooped to examine another corpse.  He moved to catch up, willing his insides to be still.  “You did not answer my question,” he said when he had caught up with Blakstar.
Blakstar sighed and stood up; he looked back to where Tevvy examined the pedestal.  “I don’t trust the awemi,” he said.
Thal glanced back at Tevvy, who was now examining the top of the pedestal.  “The Headmaster trusted him enough to send him into the sewers to rescue all of us,” he noted, “and he saved us all from execution.  Isn’t that enough?”
“He’s a thief,” Blakstar spat, “and thieves cannot be trusted.”
Thal looked at the kortexi for a long moment before replying.  “I haven’t witnessed him taking anything that did not belong to him.”
“He admitted stealing from the merchants in the marketplace of Shigmar,” Blakstar retorted.
“He also said that he did not take anything of value,” Thal replied, “that it was solely for practice.”
“Theft is theft,” Blakstar said.
Thal sighed, then shook his head.  “You cannot categorize people so strictly,” he said, “life is not made up of simple, strict categories.”
“But he’s broken the law,” the kortexi went on, “and should be punished.”
“We’ve broken the law,” Thal retorted, “we escaped from prison where we were to be punished for treason by death.”
“We were tried and convicted unjustly,” Blakstar responded.
“Not according to the court of elders who tried us,” Thal said, “from their perspective we are fugitives from the law and escapees from just imprisonment; from their perspective we should be put to death for treason.  Do you plan on going back and accepting your just punishment?”
“It is not the same,” Blakstar retorted.
“Which is why Tevvy should not be punished for practicing his skills,” Thal added, “otherwise, you are guilty of the very same mis-application of justice that condemned the rest of the chosen to death, a death from which your thief, through his skills, rescued us.  He is one of the chosen, and his skills are as necessary to our success as yours.”
“I think I found something,” Tevvy called, cutting off further conversation.
Thal and Blakstar looked over to Tevvy, turned, and walked back to the broken monument.
“What have you found?” Thal asked.
Tevvy pointed to a spot near the top of the pedestal.  “It is hard to see,” he said, “since some of the melted stone has partially covered it, but it looks like a keyhole.”
Blakstar snorted.  “A keyhole?” he said.  “Do you mean like the keyhole on a door?”
Tevvy nodded.
“On a statue?” Blakstar went on, “why would anyone put a keyhole on a statue?  That’s absurd.”
Tevvy’s eyes narrowed as he looked up at the kortexi.  “People who want to conceal things, protect their valuables,” he noted.
“Oh, well, conceal something in a statue,” Blakstar scoffed, “then put a keyhole in the pedestal: no one would ever notice that.”
Tevvy shook his head and removed a leather pouch of tools from his pack, which he had slung on the ground next to him.  He opened the pouch and removed a small hammer and chisel, then started to chip away the stone.  “It is quite brittle,” he noted, “so we should not have too much trouble uncovering the hole.”
“Brittle,” Thal said, “that indicates high heat, which would cause the impurities to be boiled out of the stone.”  He reached forward, touching the surface of the pedestal; Tevvy continued tapping his chisel with the small hammer.  “A powerful fire orthek, which is beyond most purem,” he noted to himself.  He looked at the awemi.  “Did you see a ponkolu among the purem you saw coming south on the road?”
Tevvy stopped chipping and looked up.  “No,” he replied, “but then I did not take the time to look closely at them.”
“Why not?” Blakstar asked.  “Isn’t that your job as scout?”
Tevvy looked at the kortexi for a moment, then turned to Thal.  “What’s biting him?” he asked.  He looked back at Blakstar.  “Your pace had increased, because of the attacks of the morgle, which meant that you were very close to the purem, so I thought warning you that you were about to stumble into a legion of purem was more important than waiting to see what other monsters from Kolu had tagged along.”  He turned back to his hammering, hit the chisel with more force than he had been using, and chipped off a large piece of the melted material.  They could now see the keyhole.  The awemi returned hammer and chisel to his pouch, trading them for a set of small picks.  “A few moments of silence, please,” he noted, selecting two of the picks and slipping them into the keyhole.
They stood silent, watching Tevvy work; after several minutes, Tevvy started to curse under his breath.
“Something wrong?” Thal asked.
Tevvy paused, looking up.  “This is a very odd lock; just when I feel I have got it, something prevents it from opening.”
Blakstar snorted, but Thal put a hand on his arm to stop his retort.
“Something mechanical?” Thal asked.
Tevvy shook his head.  “No, not mechanical,” he replied, “at least I don’t think it’s mechanical.”
The kortexi laughed; again, Thal stopped him.  “Teka, then?” Thal asked.
Tevvy shrugged.  “Maybe,” he said, “but teka locks are usually all teka, not having any mechanical components.”
“I know a simple orthek,” Thal added.
“You can try it,” Tevvy said, “but I think this lock uses both.”
“Maybe,” Thal suggested, “if you work the mechanical part of it to the point where it should open, then I cast the orthek?”
Tevvy shrugged again.  “We could try,” he said, slipping his picks back into the keyhole.  After a moment, he nodded.
Thal had slipped his clay rod from his belt while Tevvy worked; he touched the tip of his rod to the lock, then spoke the word, “apweryo.”
Tevvy shook his head; Thal sighed.
“It is an oddly shaped key,” Tevvy noted, “ancient in its origin, since it has to go back to the beginning of history itself, and the time of the Founders.”
“If it does conceal the entrance to Shigmar’s Tomb,” Thal remarked, “and the powerful staff he constructed, it is not the kind of key we would find lying around.”

Something about the way Thal said his last phrase sparked a memory in Blakstar’s mind: The path turned to the right on passing the wreck and moved toward a line of underwater hills.  At the base of the one nearest to him, the kortexi saw a dark opening, slightly illuminated by the glow of the golden line.  His path descended to the floor of this underwater cave, and he felt wet sand under his feet.  Looking back he could see the shape of his sandals imprinted in the sand. The glow of the golden line illuminated the cave floor, and his eyes were caught by things sparkling.  Looking down, he saw gold and silver coins, gems, bracelets and necklaces, armor, swords, and weapons of every possible type.  Their number increased until the floor was completely covered by wealth unimaginable.  As he walked along, he felt something hard and cold get caught in the toe of his sandal.  Reaching down with his left hand, he removed the object from his sandal and found himself holding an ornately carved, golden key of some ancient design attached to a fine, golden chain.  He thought he heard a bell ring somewhere in the distance, and so without thinking, dropped the chain around his neck, felt its coolness, felt it clunk against his chest.  The golden line he followed swerved suddenly into the roof of this underwater passage, and the kortexi oozed again into the rock.  Blakstar’s hand went to his chest where he felt the key cold and hard against his skin.  He touched one finger to the neck of his golden suit, sliding his finger down, opening his suit enough to remove the key.  He lifted the chain over his head and held out the key to Tevvy.
“Will this help?” Blakstar asked.
Tevvy looked up, surprised by what the kortexi held; one of his eyebrows raised slightly.  “Where did you get that?”
Blakstar looked slightly sheepish.  “As I traveled through the element of water, journeying up the Mountain of Vision, the path entered a tunnel that was filled with the wealth of the world.  This key,” he held the key up again, “lodged in my sandal.  I hung it around my neck without thinking about what I was doing.”  He shrugged.  “Something about the way you said ‘key’ and ‘lying around’ brought it back to mind.”
Tevvy took the key from Blakstar and looked at it closely.  After a moment of carefully looking at both sides of the key, comprehension bloomed on the awemi’s face.
“What is it?” Thal asked.
“This key is incredible!” Tevvy exclaimed.  “I have never seen its like anywhere!”  He looked up from the key at Blakstar.  “Can I borrow it?” he asked.  “I want to show it to my father; he will be very interested in it.”
Thal laughed.  “What makes it so special?” he asked.
“It is both mechanical and teka in nature,” Tevvy replied, “like the lock.”
Blakstar shook his head.  “If it actually opens this lock,” he said, “you can have it.”
Tevvy smiled up at the kortexi, then turned and slid the key into place.  “Here goes,” he said, turning the key.  The lock clunked audibly, but no hidden door opened.  Instead, green light surrounded the pedestal, glowing intensely.  Tevvy moved quickly away from the pedestal, taking the key and shielding his eyes; Thal and Blakstar mimicked his action.  Even though the light was very bright, they could still see what was happening; the pedestal reshaped itself, the pieces Tevvy had chipped off flew up from the ground, returning to their original place and form.  The broken pieces of the statue, strewn across the ground, flew back to the pedestal, were surrounded by intense green light, and reformed into the majestic shape of Shigmar.  Once the statue had reformed, a ball of light shot into the air moving swiftly north.
“What was that?” Tevvy asked, still squinting in the intense light.
“A signal of some kind,” Thal replied.  He turned to Blakstar.  “What is north of Kalbant?”
“Krystal Lake,” the kortexi replied.
“And beyond the lake?” Thal asked.
“The mountains,” he replied, “but no other settlement.”
“Strange,” Thal commented, looking back at the statue.  “Was there any writing on the pedestal before?”
Blakstar shrugged.  “I’ve never been here, so I do not know.”
“Tevvy?” Thal asked, turning toward the awemi.
The awemi shook his head.
Thal sighed, looking west.  “She who would know has gone,” he said, looking back; he stood thinking for a moment.  “We better make a copy of it, just in case,” he said, turning to go to his horse.  He rummaged through one of his saddlebags, pulling out a piece of parchment.
Blakstar frowned, then looked back at the pedestal.
“It’s in a different language,” Tevvy noted, running his hands over the writing.
Blakstar leaned forward to look more closely at the pedestal, then looked at Thal.  “Did you notice the oddity on the corpses we examined?”
Thal moved back to the pedestal and took out his rod.  “Do you refer to the mark branded on each forehead?” he asked, squatting next to the pedestal, his rod glowing.  He moved the tip of his rod over the writing, then tapped the parchment, muttering.  The writing on the pedestal was now copied onto the parchment.
“Yes,” Blakstar said, moving off to look at other nearby corpses.
“Why didn’t you do that,” Tevvy asked, “with the writing in the stasis room?”
“The writing in the stasis room is one that is disputed,” Thal noted, “so I took the rubbing of it to show that I did not create it to say what I wanted it to say.  I imagine that, sometime in the future, we will have to take people into the stasis room so that they can see for themselves what the writing says.  This one,” he went on, “looks to be written for us.”  He paused, and Blakstar heard the rustling of his robes.  “On those, too?” Thal asked.
Blakstar looked up and nodded.
“What mark?” Tevvy asked.
“The sign of Gar,” Thal said, “the same sign that appears somewhere on each of the chosen.”
“Why would they take the time to brand corpses?” Tevvy asked.
Blakstar turned back to the pedestal.  “Because they knew we were coming,” he said.
“And they want us,” Thal said, pointing at himself, “to take the blame for what has happened here.”
“Didn’t someone say that Klare comes from this village?” Tevvy asked.
Thal nodded.  “That is why she ran off,” he replied, but stopped suddenly.  “Not Klare, too!”
“We better go and find the others,” Tevvy said, “in case this is a trap.”

Klaybear hurled past another smoking ruin, dreading what he would see; he pulled up short, staring at the rubble before him.  Klare knelt on the ground next to what must have been a body.  Although her back was to him, he could tell by the way she knelt that she was healing; he could feel her manipulating elemental forces.  Looking around as he moved slowly forward, he saw that very little remained of her family’s home.  The house had been completely destroyed; only a few stones of the foundation remained in place.  The whole area was covered with smoldering rubble and broken bits of what were once personal possessions.  Even their animals had been butchered, lying strewn among the wrack.  As Klaybear got closer to his wife, he could see her sister kneeling opposite Klare, watching as Klare worked, one hand on her mother’s forehead.  Jally looked up, hearing the sound of his approach, her dirt-stained face streaked with tears, and a strand of her brown hair was stuck to her forehead, falling over her nose.
“Jally,” he said as he knelt next to Klare, “where is the rest of the family?” he asked, fearing her response.
Jally turned her head and glanced toward the place where the house had been.  “They never got out,” she sobbed.  “Father pushed mother and I out first, then went back for the boys.  The whole house exploded; the purem were everywhere; they took us and they . . . ,” she burst out crying, unable to speak for a time.
Klaybear looked down and saw his mother-in-law, unconscious; Klare worked frantically to keep her alive.  One glance told Klaybear that she was losing the battle, although the wounds were not obvious; there were bruises all over her mother’s body.  As he watched her work, she lifted her hand from her mother’s forehead, and Klaybear saw something that knocked him from his knees back onto his hands; his hood fell off.
Jally looked up and saw the mark burned into Klaybear’s forehead.  “You!” she exclaimed, pointing and rising to her feet.  “It’s you!  You killed my family and destroyed my village!”  She reached out with clawed hands and leapt at her brother-in-law.
Klare looked up, shocked by her sister’s outburst.  “Jally, no!” she said, putting out a hand to try and stop her.
Before Klaybear could move, Jally had her hands around his throat.  “We were defiled because of you!” she hissed through clenched teeth; her fury loosened the hair stuck to her forehead, revealing that she was branded with a similar mark.
Her hands were suddenly pulled from his throat, but the action left parallel scratch marks on either side of his neck.  Klaybear gasped and saw Rokwolf holding the still struggling girl.
“No!” Jally shrieked.  “He killed my family and my friends; he must be punished!”  She struggled futilely in the seklesi’s grasp.
“Do something!” Rokwolf shouted.
Klare reached out a glowing hand and said, “supno,” putting her to sleep; Jally went limp in Rokwolf’s hands.  The seklesi laid her carefully on the ground next to her mother.
“What happened?” Rokwolf asked, pulling his twin to his feet.
Klaybear was still too stunned to speak.
Klare shook her head.  “She, for no apparent reason, attacked him.”
Klaybear was staring down at the two foreheads.  He pointed.  “Look at their foreheads,” he said.  “I was so shocked when I saw your mother’s forehead that I fell back, my hood fell off, and your sister saw the mark on my forehead.  That was when she attacked,” he finished, letting his arm fall to his side.
Klare’s eyes filled with tears.  “Why?” she sobbed.  “Why would they do this to my family, my village?  My father and brothers killed, my sister mad, my mother . . . ,” she stopped, bowing her head, her body shaking.
Klaybear knelt and took his wife in his arms; Rokwolf looked around.
“Where were her father and brothers?” Rokwolf asked in twin.
Klaybear nodded toward the rubble that was the house.  “Inside,” he said, “the house exploded.”
Rokwolf moved carefully forward, stepping over the tumbled foundation, eyes scanning the wreckage.  He could see where the walls had been, but there was little else recognizable among the rubble.  He moved through the house, looking for places where someone could have sheltered from the explosion.  “Wasn’t there a cellar?” he asked, still speaking in their private language.
“A root cellar,” Klaybear replied, “but it was entered from the outside of the house.”
“At the back?” Rokwolf asked.
Klaybear nodded.  “Yes,” he said.  Klare’s sobbing had quieted, but she still clung to her husband.  “How is it,” he began, shifting to common, “that you have any energy after using the kortexi’s sword to open a door?  When he sent Delgart and Marilee to you in Holvar, he slept for over six hours.”
Rokwolf had moved out of the back of the house, looking for the cellar entrance.  “The kortexem are the best fighters in the land, having great skill and knowledge of weapons,” he said, “but if they have a single weakness,” he went on, pulling the broken cellar door off of its opening, “it is in the use of weapons endowed with teka; they are not allowed to use them.  In fact, they shun and refuse to use them, so they receive no training in the use of these kinds of artifacts.”
“Aah, of course,” Klaybear said, suddenly understanding.  “I’m surprised Thal did not think of it.”
Rokwolf stopped talking for a moment as he climbed into the cellar, emerging a little later.  He came around the rubble that was the house back to where Klaybear knelt next to Klare, holding her in his arms.  “It is as I feared,” Rokwolf noted, “when the house exploded, the ceiling of the cellar collapsed and filled with rubble.  If anyone is still alive in there, it will be difficult to extract them.”
“I can try and detect any signs of life,” Klaybear said, releasing Klare reluctantly and rising, “but Klare is better at it than I am,” he finished, looking down at his wife, who had turned back to examine her mother and sisters.
“I cannot leave them,” Klare said, “neither one is very stable at this moment.”
“I can go,” Klaybear said.  He moved off with Rokwolf to investigate the cellar.
Rokwolf switched back to twin.  “You have very little time,” he said.  “Your Headmaster was quite insistent on the four of you getting into the tomb quickly.”
“The four of us?” Klaybear asked.
“The three keyholders and Tevvy,” Rokwolf replied.  “Given what has happened here, your wife will not leave her mother and sister, so I will stay with her and watch over her, until you return with the staff.”  Rokwolf put one hand on his twin’s arm.  “It is almost as if the Headmaster knew what we would find.”
“How could he know her home would be attacked?” Klaybear asked.
Rokwolf shrugged.
Klaybear climbed into the cellar; Rokwolf knelt beside the opening to watch.  Klaybear raised his hands, surrounded by green light, concentrating on the rubble filling the collapsed cellar; beads of sweat formed on his forehead, beginning to run down his cheeks; the mark on his forehead pulsed with dull red light.  After a few silent minutes, the light surrounding his hands went out, and he lowered his hands slowly.  Klaybear sniffed and wiped his face on his sleeves after climbing out.
“You reminded me of the kortexi weakness with teka weapons,” he remarked, trying to turn his thoughts and their conversation away from the tragedy before them.
“Yes,” Rokwolf replied, “they are banned, so they are not trained in the use of teka-enhanced weapons, unlike we seklesem, you kailum, or the maghem.  When you use your staff or rod to work with power, you draw energy from all that surrounds you, then channel that energy through the orthek you weave.”
Klaybear nodded.  “That makes sense,” he said, “and it is something that we would not have thought of, since we are trained from the beginning to draw energy in the way you describe.”
“So Blakstar,” Rokwolf went on, “does not draw on those other sources as you do, not knowing of them, which means the energy is drawn by the weapon of power directly from him, draining him of strength.  He will have to be careful with that sword in battle, as it will drain him completely of strength if he does not learn how to wield it without weakening himself.”
Klare looked up as they walked back to where she knelt beside her mother; her eyes filled with tears and red from her weeping.  Klaybear saw her, recognized her sorrow, teared up himself, and moved forward quickly to take her again in his arms.

Rokwolf watched them kneeling and holding each other, sharing each other’s grief, for a moment before turning away, stabbed by jealousy.  Why, he wondered, did she continue to reject him?  He thought of the methaghi’s vision of his future, knew she would be a part of that future, and wondered, again, why she could not see that?  But even as he wondered this, another face intruded upon his thoughts, the one other figure that had appeared in the methaghi’s vukeetu; he ground his teeth and shoved her face into the dim recesses of his mind.  He had lost his place, his position among the seklesem, his command, sent here to lead this group, the chosen, everyone told him, and constantly be with his twin, who had caught his mate.  Jealousy flared again, turning to anger, and he stalked off toward the east, intending to find out what the others were doing.  He ignored his brother’s query about where he was going, walking quickly out of their view.  He nearly ran over Tevvy, who was following their tracks.
“Hey, what’s wrong?” Tevvy asked, leaping aside.
Rokwolf looked up and stopped, but did not speak immediately.  “What did you find?” he asked after a moment of silence.
“The monument was destroyed,” Tevvy replied, “but we found a way to repair it, and, in the process, we set off some sort of signal and found a message written to the chosen.”
“Message?” Rokwolf said, puzzled.  “There was only Shigmar’s name before.”
“Klare’s family?” Thal asked, brow wrinkled.
Rokwolf sighed.  “Her home was destroyed,” he replied slowly, “her father and brothers killed when the house exploded.  Her mother and sister were taken and violated by the purem; I don’t think either one will live long.”
“No,” Thal whispered, his eyes tearing.
Tevvy shook his head; looking back, he saw Blakstar’s face mottled with rage, saw him reaching for his sword.  Tevvy touched Rokwolf’s arm and pointed.
Rokwolf grabbed the kortexi’s arm and shook it.  “They are miles away,” he said, “there is nothing you can do!”
The words affected Blakstar, and he looked at Rokwolf, his eyes focusing on the seklesi.  He relaxed slowly, releasing his sword, letting the breath he was holding escape in a sigh.  “I don’t understand why I get so angry when anyone mentions . . . rape,” he struggled to say the word, “it makes me want to . . . ,” he went on, but stopped and looked away.
Rokwolf patted the kortexi’s shoulder gently and turned to Thal.  “You said there was a message for us,” he said, “what message?”
Thal wiped his eyes on the sleeve of his robe.  “I haven’t looked at it closely, but I did see the chosen mentioned.”  He took the parchment copy from inside his robes and started to read.  “Let’s see,” he said, “Long ago when the young earth made, no, that verb is plural, it must be, when the earth was young, they made wonderful things, they sang great power, um, they created a sword, rod, and staff, hmm, there’s an ‘if,’ so that phrase continues, that would put the rebel son to flight if they trap, oh, but that doesn’t make sense, so the creation of the sword, rod, and staff must have put the rebel son to flight and then, if they catch him–the rebel son–they will put him in a lonely cell,” he paused, “all right, I think it goes on, when the appointed time comes they will discover the three, destruction loosed, puri chiefs not bound, which must mean they are set free to cause the destruction, then, ah, here is what we are looking for, the staff hidden in the north, cross over clear water, find the shrine on a lonely hill, I hope you chosen are strong, not skilled,” he finished, looking up from the parchment.
“Who are the ‘they’ it keeps referring to?” Tevvy asked, “and the ‘rebel son,’ who is that?”
Thal smiled.  “The ‘rebel son’ is easy, Gar,” he replied, “but the ‘they’ is more problematic.  Sometimes ‘they’ refers to those who created the sword, rod, and staff, sometimes the chosen who will use the three tools to lock Gar into his ‘lonely cell,’” he stopped, his face going white.  He looked back at the parchment, then looked at his three companions.  “Doesn’t that mean we will have to confront Gar directly?” he asked, but went on before any of the others could respond.  “Surely he knows this, so it is not very likely that we could take him by surprise, let alone even come near him.  Where is this ‘cell,’ and how are we supposed to put him in it?”
Rokwolf shook his head.  “I cannot answer your questions, nor do I think that anyone else could,” he noted.  “We have a long way to go before facing that difficulty; right now, we should focus on the problem of the moment, getting the four of you into Shigmar’s tomb,” he said, then turned to Tevvy.  “You said there was a signal?”
Tevvy nodded.  “A ball of light shot from the statue northward across the lake.”
“Krystal Lake,” Rokwolf said, “the ‘clear water’ mentioned in the inscription.”
“Of course!” Thal snapped, looking up from the parchment, “the staff is in Shigmar’s tomb, and the inscription tells us the staff is hidden north of the lake, so that must be where the tomb is, on the other side of the lake, where the ball of light went.”
“Klaybear, Klare, and I,” Rokwolf said, “have been across the lake many times, but we have never seen any shrine, although there is a ‘lonely hill’ on the north shore,” he finished and frowned, as remembering those trips brought that second female figure back out of the corners of his mind; he thrust her back again.  “Let’s go back and tell the others,” he added, “so you can get on your way.”
Blakstar looked at Rokwolf.  “You’re not coming with us?” he asked.
Rokwolf shook his head as he turned to go.  “Klare must stay here with her mother and sister, trying to keep them alive and heal them.  Headmaster Myron hinted to me that only the four of you, the three keyholders, and you, Tevvy,” he pointed to the awemi, “should enter the tomb to retrieve the staff.  I stay here to watch over and protect my sister-in-law.”
They nodded, following Rokwolf back to where Klaybear and Klare were, leading the horses.  Klaybear looked up when he heard their approach.
“Find the tomb?” Klaybear asked.
Rokwolf nodded.  “Sort of,” he replied, “we think we know where it is, but you’ll have to cross the lake to get there.”
“We also discovered,” Thal said, holding up the parchment, “a new writing on the statue’s pedestal.”
Klaybear raised one eyebrow.  “A new writing?”
Thal nodded, and quickly explained what they had found, and how they had uncovered it.  When he finished, he handed the parchment to Klaybear.  “I made a copy of the writing,” he said.
Klaybear glanced over it.  “Did you translate it?” he asked.
Thal nodded.  “The first part of it tells of the sword, rod, and staff,” he began, “and how they were made so that in their future, and I suppose, ours, Gar would be locked into a cell opened by the three keys.”
“We knew they were keys,” Klaybear said, looking at the parchment, “but where is this cell?”
Thal shrugged.  “No idea,” he said, “and that worries me.  The latter part,” he went on, “tells us that when the three keys are found, the land will be in turmoil, purem causing destruction, and that we, the chosen, will find the staff hidden in the north, across the lake, on a lonely hill.”
Klaybear glanced at his wife, who was also looking at him.  He looked back at Thal.  “There is a hill by itself, on the north shore of the lake,” he said, “we have been there before,” Klare nodded when he said this, “but we have never seen any signs of a tomb.”
“I mentioned it to them,” Rokwolf said, “and that we have been across the lake several times.”
Klaybear and Klare both nodded in agreement after exchanging a glance.
“We went in my father’s boat,” Klare added, and then her eyes filled with tears.
“Yes, the boat,” Klaybear went on, putting one hand on Klare’s arm.  “We would often go sailing on the lake during school holidays, when the weather was good.”
Rokwolf shook his head, again pushing back the figure who came with memories of sailing across Krystal Lake.  He looked down at Klare.  “Will you be all right, here, by yourself, while I take them down to the lake shore and send them on their way?”
Klare sniffed, then wiped her tears.  “I can put a ward around us that will protect us,” she said.  She threw her arms around her husband, embracing him fiercely.  “Be careful, dear,” she said after kissing him.
Klaybear nodded and whispered something the others could not hear into her ear.
Klare smiled up at him.  “Me, too,” she whispered in reply.
Klaybear turned to the others.  “Let’s go.”

Chapter 7

The hierarchy among Gar’s followers is murky at best; we can never be sure who is on top, as they constantly fight among themselves, sometimes acting for themselves, sometimes acting under Gar’s orders. . . .

from Annals of Melbarth, 351st Series, Lectures of the Hierarchs
Lecture by Sedra Kresgart

“I’ve never seen the lake so calm,” Klaybear said, pulling oars from where they were stowed under the seats.  Klare’s family boat would seat eight, having both a mast and sail, which was furled, and oars for those times, like this day, when there was no wind.  Rokwolf waved from the shore, turned, and started climbing the hill back toward where Klare waited, watching over her injured mother and sister.  Klaybear handed the first pair of oars to Blakstar, who fit them into the oarlocks closer to the prow.  The kortexi turned back to the kailu, took the third oar, and fitted it into place closer to the stern.  Klaybear took out the fourth oar and fitted into place; both sat down, Klaybear closer to the stern.  Thal sat in the prow; Tevvy sat in the stern holding the tiller.
“All right,” Tevvy said, “we’ll start slowly and speed up, depending on how well you two work together.”
“You’ve sailed before?” Thal asked, grinning back at him.
The awemi nodded.  “My father believes that for us to be more useful,” Tevvy began, “we should be proficient at many ‘mundane’ skills,” he finished, looking at Klaybear and Blakstar.  “Are you two ready? he asked.  “I’m guessing that since this boat belongs to Klare’s family, that you have had some experience rowing?”
Klaybear nodded, a grin twitching at the corners of his mouth.  “One infamous trip,” he said, “Klare and I took by ourselves when we were courting.  The time got away from us,” he said, looking slightly sheepish, “so we did not start back until late, very late, as I recall.  So the evening breeze that usually comes from the north, had died away.  I had to row, by myself, halfway back across the lake.  We did not get back until the third hour past midnight.  I thought her father would cut me into pieces like the fish we were supposed to have been catching.”
The others laughed at this; Tevvy left the tiller and knelt next to Klaybear.  “I’m guessing that you, Blakstar, have not rowed before?”
The kortexi shook his head.  “Once, when I was very young,” he said, “but that was years ago, and my father did not let me row for long.”
Tevvy pointed to the rib under Klaybear’s bench.  “Do you see how that rib is reinforced?” he asked.  Blakstar nodded.  Tevvy went on.  “Put your feet there, and push with your legs as you pull back on the oars.  Watch Klaybear and lift your oars when he does, lean forward, then dip your oars and pull again, when he does.”
Blakstar nodded once, then lifted his oars out of the water, ready to lean forward.
“Don’t try to reach too far, at first,” Tevvy said, “we’ll work up to a faster pace once you get a feel for it.”
Tevvy went back to his seat and took the tiller.  “Ready?” he asked.  Klaybear lifted his oars and waited; Blakstar held himself ready, imitating the kailu.  “All right.  Lean forward, drop, lean back, pull, and lift,” Tevvy said, and the boat slid forward slowly.  The kailu moved smoothly; the kortexi’s movement was more jerky.  “Not bad, again,” he said, repeating the sequence; the boat moved forward, slightly faster.  “Again,” Tevvy said, this time adding numbers, and smiling as Blakstar learned quickly, moving more smoothly with each stroke.  After about two dozen slow strokes, Tevvy told Blakstar to lift and rest his oars; the awemi tapped the cadence with his free hand on the side of the boat; Klaybear kept rowing, and the boat glided forward smoothly.
“Watch Klaybear for a moment,” Tevvy said, “notice how he twists the oars after he lifts them from the water, so that the blade enters smoothly when he dips them back in.  This small action reduces the drag of the oar as it enters the water when the boat is moving through the water.  Extend your stroke, Klaybear,” he said, waiting until the kailu had done a couple of longer strokes.  “Ready?” he asked, still tapping the side of the boat.
Blakstar nodded.
“Ready, forward, twist, back, pull, lift, forward, twist, back, pull,” he repeated, watching as his two companions worked the oars, the kortexi nearly as smoothly as the kailu.  “Good,” he said, still tapping, “have you got the rhythm of it?”
Again, the kortexi nodded, continuing to imitate the actions of the kailu rowing in front of him.
Tevvy continued to tap, checking periodically to see that he was still steering them directly north.  “We’ll keep this speed,” he started to say, but stopped when Blakstar missed catching the water, going over backward and landing on Thal’s knees.
Klaybear felt, and then saw, Blakstar miss, and so lifted his oars.
“Watch it!” Thal exclaimed, surprised by the kortexi landing on his lap; he had been looking forward.
The kortexi laughed, tried to sit up quickly and catch up with Klaybear, saw him holding his oars out of the water, so stopped as he leaned forward.
Tevvy smiled.  “Not to worry,” he said, still smiling, “I expected that to happen much sooner, so you are doing quite well.  As we move faster, the tendency will be to do that more often, as the oar will start to move back as soon as it touches the water.  You must sensitize your hands to the ‘feel’ of the oar as it dips into the water: too deep, and you will get out of sync, too shallow, and you will end up in Thal’s lap.”
“Thanks,” Thal quipped sarcastically, “I always wanted an armored kortexi resting on my lap.”
The others chuckled.  “Okay,” Tevvy began tapping the side again, “here we go again, forward,” he said repeating the cadence until Blakstar and Klaybear got them gliding forward again.  “You might have noticed,” he said after a few minutes, “that the oars want to twist as you reach the back of your pull and start to lift.  This is natural, and it will help reduce the drag on the oar as it is lifted out of the water.  Anything that reduces the drag will help to conserve your energy.  A good oarsman can row at a steady pace for hours, if he needs to.  We don’t need to, so I’ll let you rest in turns.”
Blakstar made several more mistakes, including getting out of sync with Klaybear, or not fully catching the water, but within ten more minutes, he had mastered rowing.  After fifteen minutes passed with only the sound of Tevvy’s tapping the side of the boat breaking the silence, Tevvy told Klaybear to rest while Blakstar continued to row.  Thal looked up, noticing the change and breaking the silence.
“Do you suppose,” Thal said, “that Gar knows where Shigmar’s tomb is?”
Klaybear pulled his oars further in so he could turn and look at Thal, seated in the prow.  “Given that he seems to know where we are going before we do,” Klaybear said, “and that he could enter our sacred glade, when no one of evil intent is supposed to be able to enter, I’d say he does.”
“Do you think,” Thal went on, “he would want us to get our hands on any of the keys?  And,” Thal added, “does he know what the keys will do to him?”
“Are you talking about the ‘lonely cell’ mentioned in the inscription we found on Shigmar’s monument?” Tevvy asked.
Thal nodded.
“If he knows where it is,” Klaybear said, “why would he attack and destroy Kalbant?”
Thal shrugged.  “Maybe to keep us from finding out where it is,” he replied.
“What about,” Blakstar said, breathy from his exertions, “the fact that all the corpses were marked in the forehead just like you are, Klaybear?”
“Are we certain,” Thal countered, “that Gar is responsible for the attack on the village?  How do we know that it was not carried out by the morgle who holds Melbarth’s rod?”
“How do we know,” Tevvy put in, “that the morgle is acting on his own?  How do we know the morgle’s attack on Shigmar, and the destruction of Kalbant, are not part of some larger plan of Gar’s?”
“We don’t,” Klaybear replied.
“Perhaps,” Thal said, rubbing his chin, “and perhaps not.”
“What do you mean?” Klaybear asked.
“I’m not certain,” Thal replied, “that Gar would allow this morgle, a creature already powerful in mentalics to possess such a powerful mental artifact as Melbarth’s rod.  Wouldn’t Gar worry about the morgle becoming too powerful and challenging him?”
“Maybe,” Klaybear said, “ but in my two encounters with him, he seemed awfully sure of himself.”
“Maybe he doesn’t know,” Tevvy put in, “that the morgle has the rod.”
“It’s possible,” Thal said, “that would explain his sureness when you encountered him in the glade of the kailum, but maybe not when we found him in Shigmar.”  He tapped his chin for a moment before speaking again.  “Maybe it doesn’t matter, either way,” he noted.
“Why not?” Tevvy asked.
“Because,” Thal answered, “whether the morgle is acting on Gar’s orders or acting on his own, we can guess their possible repsonses.”
“What do you mean?” Tevvy asked.
“If we assume that the morgle,” Thal said, “is acting on his own, the fact that Kalbant was attacked indicates that he knew which direction we would go on leaving Shigmar to look for the staff.  That all the corpses were marked with the same sign as each of us has been marked with tells me that he knew exactly where we would go.  Add to that, the fact that he holds the rod, one of the three, and we know that the three are bound together, so he could have found precisely where the staff is using only the rod.  This would imply knowledge of the tomb’s location, and since he has been trying to prevent us from getting there, I believe he will have placed more of his troops at or near the location of the tomb, so that we are heading into a trap.”
“And if he is acting on Gar’s orders?” Klaybear asked.
“Then,” Thal began, “we can also bet Gar knows where the tomb is, did all the things I have mentioned because he knew where we would go and what we would do, and he will also place forces at that location to prevent us from entering.”
“And,” Tevvy added, “we are only four.  I don’t know about the three of you, but I’m sure I don’t want to walk into a trap.”
“Nor I,” Thal noted, “but I’m not sure what we can do to avoid the trap.  We have to get the staff and return with it to Shigmar, which means we have to find some way to get past the trap without triggering it.”
“Klaybear,” Tevvy said, “you should row again and give our good kortexi a rest.”
A flicker of annoyance crossed Blakstar’s face that no one noticed.  He lifted and pulled in his oars even as Klaybear slid his out and started to row.  Thal turned back to look forward.
“Maybe I should,” Tevvy said, looking thoughtfully to the north, “steer us away from the hill where the tomb is, so we could land either to the west or east of it, then we could approach it more carefully and look for a gap in their positions to allow us to slip past and into the tomb?”
Klaybear shook his head.  “If it is where I think it is,” he said, pausing to answer, “it is the only place where we can land the boat; we would have to go far out of our way to find a different landing place that would allow us to approach secretly.”  He went back to rowing.
Thal looked back.  “If either of our enemies knows where the tomb is, surely they would have prepared for such a move on our part.”  He turned back, looking north.  “Tevvy,” he said after a moment, “I know it is still distant, but can your awemi eyes see anything ours cannot?”
“You mean, directly north?” Tevvy asked.
“Yes,” Thal said without looking back.
Tevvy let go of the tiller and stood on his bench.  “Keep us straight, Klaybear,” he noted, putting a hand over his eyes, although the day was still cloudy and gray.  “I can’t be sure,” he said after a silent moment, “we are still far away, but it looks like there is a star shining on the far shore.”
“A star?” Blakstar said, turning to look.
“Well,” Tevvy continued, “a point of bright light.  Wait!” he said suddenly.  “I think it is getting brighter.”
Klaybear pulled in his oars and turned to look.
“I thought there was something,” Thal said, “but I could not tell if it were really there, or if I were imagining it.”
“I see what you mean,” Blakstar added, “and I think you are right: I can see something.”
The kortexi’s declaration that he could see the light was followed by a brilliant flash of blue-white light that lit their faces and was reflected brightly on the surface of the water and the clouds overhead, something like the whole sky suddenly lit by sheet lightning.
“What was that?” Blakstar exclaimed.
“I’ve no idea,” Thal said.  “Tevvy?”
“It was bright enough to be seen for miles,” Tevvy replied.
“What could cause such a bright flash of light?” Blakstar asked.
“There are some ortheks,” Thal replied, “powerful ortheks that could cause such brilliance . . . ,” he stopped, interrupted by Tevvy shouting.
“Something is coming toward us!” he shouted.  “It looks like . . . ,” he started to say, then shouted, “row!”  He sat quickly down grabbing the tiller with both hands.  Blakstar and Klaybear were startled by his command, and took an extra second to respond.  “Together!” he shouted.  “Hang on!”
As the kailu and kortexi started to row again, the boat started going up and down in the water, then started moving up as a huge wave came toward them.  Tevvy turned them directly into the wave, and the rowing enabled them to climb up its steep front, then fall sharply over its back side, speeding them up.  As they crested the wave, they were struck by a roar of sound that howled over the top of them and rumbled beneath them.  The boat rose up and down several times after the first wave, their rise getting smaller and smaller; they heard the sound rolling away from them.  The surface of the water smoothed; the boat slowed back to its previous speed as the rowers lifted their oars looking stunned.
“That must have been some orthek,” Blakstar said, “if it could cause a wave like that, as far away from it as we are.”
“So what was it?” Tevvy asked.
“Shock wave,” Thal said, “and Blakstar is right, from an incredibly powerful orthek.”
“Have I lost my hearing,” Klaybear noted, “or did I hear what sounded like many voices singing in that roar of sound that passed over us?”
“I thought it sounded like singing,” Thal replied, “but the voices were . . . otherworldly.”
“Know any ortheks that would cause a shock wave like that one?” Klaybear asked.
Thal rubbed his chin.  “Maybe if ten of the most powerful maghem linked together,” Thal said, “the way the black maghem and red kailum do, but the problem with linking is that we cannot construct a rod or staff capable of channeling that much power, which was some kind of light or lightning explosion . . . ,” his voice trailed off; Tevvy continued to tap the cadence with his free hand; Klaybear and Blakstar rowed on in silence.

Blakstar shipped his oars and turned over the body floating in the lake; the face was contorted, as if the black maghi had died in great pain.  “What do you make of it?” he asked.
“He didn’t drown,” Klaybear noted, “or the body would be bloated with water; he died before he was hurled into the lake.”  Klaybear looked around; there were other shapes floating in the lake nearby, more black-cloaked figures, some red-cloaked, and bodies of purem and ghelem.  They could just see the north shore, and on the nearby hill, could see the spot of green-white light growing brighter, illuminating the white marble front of a building.  They could see the strip of sand at the shore in front of the hill, and the dark spots strewn across it.
“There are more bodies on the beach,” Tevvy noted.
“Yes,” Thal said, still seated in the prow looking forward, “someone has sprung the trap for us.”
“But who?” Tevvy asked.  “And why?”  He looked at Klaybear.  “Do we dare land?” he asked.
The kailu lifted his oars and turned to look at the shore they glided toward.  “Is it me, or do those bodies form a pattern on the beach?”
“I had noticed,” Thal put in, “and was wondering about that myself.”
“It does look like an arc,” Tevvy said after standing and shading his eyes to look, “an arc whose center is . . . ,” he began and Thal finished his thought.
“That building,” Thal said.  A thought suddenly occurred to him.  “You don’t suppose that building was the source of the teka explosion we saw, whose shock wave hurled the bodies into the pattern we apparently see, nearly swamping us several miles away?”
Klaybear shrugged, dipping his oars to continue rowing.  “Unless there is some powerful being hiding in the shadows of the building we see.”
Tevvy sat down and grabbed the tiller.  “I take it by your rowing,” he said, “that we are going forward?”
Klaybear nodded.  “The staff is inside of that building,” he noted, “and we are supposed to retrieve it, so we have to land the boat and approach the building.”
“Is it safe?” Tevvy asked.  “What if the building, or whoever might be hiding up there, decides to attack us too?”
“We are the chosen,” the kortexi said simply, looking back and frowning at the awemi, “we are meant to approach it.”
“How do we know that?” Tevvy asked.  “How do we know that building is Shigmar’s tomb?  Didn’t you say, Klaybear, that you have been to this spot before and have never seen a building?  How do we know that Gar did not create this as an illusion to trick us into landing here, so that he could capture us?”
“I’ve been to this spot several times with Klare and Rokwolf,” Klaybear said, “and we have never seen a building on that hill, but that does not mean that the building is an illusion created to trick us.”
“He has a point, though,” Thal said.  “If we assume for a moment that the morgle is acting on his own, then he might have sent these troops here to wait for our arrival, without knowing that Gar had placed some sort of lethal trap to prevent us from entering.  So it is possible that these troops of the morgle accidently set off one of the wards placed by Gar to keep us out of Shigmar’s tomb.”
“All the more reason,” Klaybear noted between strokes, “for us to approach with caution, but we cannot determine what it is without approaching it to see if it is real or illusion.”
Tevvy shook his head, mumbling to himself.  “My grandmother was right.”
When they reached the shore, Tevvy went forward first, to examine the area around the hill while the others beached the boat and removed their packs from it.  The awemi moved east across the beach, carefully examining the tracks and the bodies strewn across the sand.  He left the beach and entered the woods northeast of their landing point.  The others took a tarp from the boat and used it to cover the boat, securing it with long, thin metal stakes driven into the sand.  The kortexi moved toward the west when they had finished, also examining the sand and the bodies.
“It does look,” Thal said, watching Blakstar, “like the explosion centered on the hilltop.”
The kortexi looked up from the corpse he was examining.  “These were not climbing the hill,” he said, “I think they were moving toward the woods that surround the hill.”
“So you don’t think,” Klaybear said, “they were trying to approach the building on the hilltop?”
Blakstar shook his head.  “I’m no seklesi,” he noted, “but that is what it looks like.”
They heard a whistle from the direction Tevvy had gone.  They looked in that direction, saw him wave them over.
“What is it?” Klaybear asked as they came to the edge of the trees.
“Follow me,” Tevvy said, turning away from them and the beach.  “I think these troops have been here a while.”
“What makes you think that?” Blakstar asked.
“There is a camp all through these woods,” he noted, “just beyond sight of the beach.  The fires are all out, but it looks like they were put out suddenly, and only a few hours ago.  As if they received some signal that we were approaching.”
Thal stopped suddenly.  “A signal?” he said, “a few hours ago?” he added after a moment.  The others were looking at him, wondering what had occurred to him.  His face lit up.  “Of course!” he exclaimed, “so simple, now that I think about it.”  He looked at Tevvy.  “You sent them the signal.”
“What?” the other three said in unison.
“Not to our enemies,” Thal added, seeing Blakstar’s suspicion growing.  “You signaled the building on the hill, which we believe is Shigmar’s tomb.”
“You are not making sense,” Tevvy said, looking puzzled, “how did I signal that building that wasn’t there before?”
“When you turned the key in the statue,” Thal said, smiling.
“Are you saying,” Klaybear said, “that when you turned the key in the lock on the statue pedestal, and the statue shot a ball of light this direction, that light was the signal?”
Thal nodded.  “Yes,” he said, “that light activated the building on the hill, making it visible for us to see and enter.  Gar, or the morgle, it really doesn’t matter which one, knew where the tomb was located, and also knew that it would not become visible until we activated the statue in Kalbant.  So, Gar sent troops here to wait, knowing that we would be coming here soon, telling them to watch the hilltop and when a building appeared, conceal themselves and wait for us to arrive.  The ball of light from the statue was not moving very fast, so it would have taken some time for it to arrive here, not as long as us, of course . . . ,” he stopped, interrupted by Klaybear.
“But about the time,” Klaybear noted, “we saw the flash of light.”
Thal nodded.  “The troops here saw the ball of light, saw the building appear, and started to move into the woods around the hill.  But Shigmar knew, when he created this place, that Gar would know where his tomb was located, and so put in place a teka explosion that would clear the area of Gar’s troops, allowing us entry, so that we would not have to fight our way past Gar’s troops to enter his tomb.”
Tevvy looked skeptical.  “That is a lot to deduce, from what little we have found,” he noted.  “I still don’t think that means it is safe to approach the tomb, if that is what it is.  Nothing we have found here precludes the possibility that there is a powerful creature hiding in the shadows of the building, waiting for us.  If the morgle sent the troops to catch us, without Gar’s approval, he could have sent someone, or come himself, destroyed the morgle’s troops, and is now hiding in the shadows waiting for us to blunder up to the tomb.  We still need to be very careful.”
“I don’t think we should not be careful,” Thal said, “since there may be other wards protecting it from any approach.”
“Right,” Tevvy said, “then I’ll go ahead and make a sweep around the hill, to see what I can find; you three can go back and wait by the boat.  It shouldn’t take more than half-an-hour.”
Blakstar was shaking his head.  “I’m coming with you,” he said.
“You’ll only slow me down,” Tevvy objected, “so I’m going alone.”
“No, I’m coming with you,” Blakstar said, “I’m not so trusting as the seklesi.”
Anger twisted Tevvy’s face; he looked up at Blakstar.  “Fine,” Tevvy said, “but stay a good distance behind me, so I can act without worrying about the noise you are making.”
“I won’t make any noise,” Blakstar said.
“Maybe not that you can hear,” Tevvy retorted, “but even when you are only breathing, I can hear your chain mail tinkling.”  He turned and strode off without looking back.
Blakstar looked to the others for support.  “I move as quietly as he does,” he said, “and my chain mail does not ‘tinkle.’”
“Have you forgotten,” Thal began carefully, “that the hearing and sight of the awemem are sharper than ours?” he finished slowly.
“I haven’t forgotten,” Blakstar said.  “He’s a thief; I don’t trust thieves.”  He turned and followed Tevvy.
Thal and Klaybear exchanged a look, then both sighed, turning to go back to the beach where their boat was concealed.

“Not a soul anywhere nearby,” Tevvy said.
“Any bodies?” Thal asked.
Tevvy shook his head.  “None beyond the beach.”
“That is odd,” Klaybear said.
Blakstar nodded.  “Very odd, since they were waiting for the signal that we were about to arrive.  I would think that they would only put a few soldiers on watch, while the others would be in their camps, waiting.  But it looks like there was no one left in the camps, that all had come to the beach, which doesn’t make sense to me.”
“Nor me,” Tevvy said.  “There is something else,” he said, looking wary.
“What?” Thal asked.
“The shock wave that hit us on the lake,” he said, “was very large.  If it came from the building on the hill, I would think that an explosion of that size would also flatten the nearby trees.  Yet, not a single tree around the hill has lost even a needle.”
“The teka explosion could have been directed only this way,” Thal said, “so the trees would not have been affected.”
“There is still a problem with that,” Tevvy went on, “if it was directed at the troops only on the beach, where are those who would have been waiting in their camps?”
Thal thought for a moment.  “There are three possible explanations,” he began.  “Those remaining in the camps could have seen their comrades destroyed by the teka, and been so frightened that they ran away.”
“Why would they put out their fires before leaving?” Tevvy asked.
Thal shrugged.  “There could have been something that attracted all the troops from their camps when the building appeared,” he went on.
“Again, why would they douse the fires?” Tevvy said.
“In that case,” Thal replied, “because they knew we were coming, the signal of the building appearing, then they went to investigate whatever appeared afterward.”
Tevvy shook his head.  “You’re stretching, I think.  And the third possibility?”
“Some kind of teka that does not affect plants,” Thal answered, “that only targets the creatures of Gar.”
“Have you ever heard of such an orthek?” Tevvy asked skeptically.
Thal shook his head.  “I cannot even imagine how to weave the elements together to create an orthek that was selective in its destruction.”
“So, what you’re saying,” Tevvy said, “is that there still could be someone hiding in the shadows above, since that is the simplest way to explain what has happened here?”
Thal shrugged.  “We used the time while we were waiting for you to return,” Thal said, ignoring Tevvy’s question, “to look for teka wards around the hill, and we did not find any, at least up the slope of the hill.”
Tevvy shook his head and went to the pile of packs, pulling out the smallest and strapping it onto his back.  He started up the hill, looking for any non-teka traps.  The other three put on their own packs and followed him to the top of the hill, where they crouched.
“Wait here,” Tevvy whispered.  He dropped his pack and moved to the left, staying just below the brow of the hill.
From where Klaybear, Thal, and Blakstar waited, they could see the white marble building directly in front of them, the green light shining from the center of its front.  The hilltop was flat without trees; brown grass, flattened by the snow, covered the hilltop, although they could see new green shoots just poking through last year’s growth.  There were several short, scrubby bushes growing randomly around the hilltop, with old grass growing up and partially covering the bushes; dead brown leaves, blown there by late fall winds, lay piled around the bushes, now stirred by a light breeze breaking the calm, blowing from the south.
“It is a place of great power,” Thal whispered, “but I do not see any wards preventing us from approaching.”
“Nor I,” Klaybear said softly.
Blakstar stood and started to walk toward the building.
“What are you doing?” Thal hissed.
The kortexi paused and looked back.  “You do not see any wards,” he said, “and we are the chosen.  I say that it is safe for us to approach.”
“What if someone is hiding out of sight?” Thal whispered.
Blakstar shrugged.  “I expect that you will put me back together, if he leaps out and blasts me apart.”  He turned and walked forward; they could see Tevvy approaching from the other side, so they got up and froze, seeing one of the clumpy bushes shaking and not from the breeze.  The kortexi passed the bush, and a huge figure rose up out of the leaves and grass, many aspen leaves clinging to his dark red skin, but Klaybear could see the horns and wings of a huge ponkolu, head and shoulders taller than Blakstar.  Before the kailu could shout a warning, the ponkolu slammed into Blakstar from behind, knocking him to the ground and sending will-giver flying in another direction.  The huge ponkolu knelt on top of the kortexi, knees on his back, and pulled back his head with one hand, pressing a wicked-looking, curved dagger against Blakstar’s throat; the huge figure pulled the fallen kortexi around, turning himself at the same time while keeping one knee on Blakstar’s back to face Klaybear and Thal; Blakstar stopped struggling, the dagger scratching his throat at the edge of his mesh suit and beneath his chin, his head was bent back so far by the figure.
“Drop your weapons!” the ponkolu hissed, his voice sounding oddly slurred.  “Put your hands on your heads!”
As Klaybear and Thal complied, they saw that the figure’s face was covered in blood, as were his arms and torso, and his features looked strangely blurred, as if they had endured a great heat; leaves and grass covered the figure, sticking to the blood covering him.
“Where is your rat?” the ponkolu growled, looking quickly around.  “Show yourself, rat, or I will slit your friend’s throat!”
“He, uh, left to scout the area,” Thal lied.
The ponkolu made a choking sound that must have been laughter.  “You are a poor liar!”
“You’d better run!” Klaybear said, nodding toward the white building.  “I think the tomb is about to finish what it started–see the light is increasing in brilliance, you have only moments before it strikes again.”
The huge ponkolu laughed again, a choking sound.  “Then we will all burn!”
“I don’t think so,” Klaybear replied, “since we are meant to be here, and you are not.”
The figure growled and shoved Blakstar’s head and face into the ground, removing the dagger from his throat and stabbing the kortexi in the back between his shoulder blades; the blade snapped, foiled by Blakstar’s golden chain mail and mesh suit.  The ponkolu hurled himself backward away from Blakstar, throwing the handle of his now useless dagger at Blakstar and hitting him on the back of his head.  Blakstar hissed in pain; the ponkolu opened a black archway and disappeared into it just as a green beam of elemental force shot from the tomb and exploded against the closing archway.
Klaybear sighed audibly.  “That was close,” he said, looking over and seeing Tevvy moving cautiously out of the shadow of the white building, the green light now concentrated in a single star-like point at the center of the side facing them.
“Too close,” Thal agreed, and both of them started moving to where Blakstar still lay on the ground.
The kortexi rolled onto his back but did not rise, groaning with the effort.
“Better get will-giver,” Klaybear noted, kneeling beside Blakstar and placing his green-glowing hands on the kortexi’s forehead.
Thal nodded once and moved off even as Tevvy stopped and glared down at Blakstar, Tevvy’s face a stormcloud about to burst.
“Nice waiting for me,” Tevvy quipped, and there was suppressed rage behind his sarcasm.
“They saw no wards,” Blakstar responded.  “I reckoned it was time to move.”
“It’s a good thing,” Tevvy said, sarcastically, “that you have a scout to go before you and make sure the area is clear of traps, so you don’t end up in a pit filled with poisoned spikes, or a pit that is the lair of some ravenous creature who’s been waiting for its dinner, or to discover the ponkolu hiding under the bushes and leaves!”
Blakstar shrugged.  “Klaybear said he, and others, had been all over this hill before, and no one had ever fallen into a pit.”
“How do you know,” Tevvy said, “that the triggering of the appearance of this building did not also set a number of traps, like the explosion that killed everyone?”
Blakstar looked puzzled, now reclining on his elbows.  “I survived,” he said, “that’s how I know there were no traps.”
“Besides the huge ponkolu, who nearly slit your throat!”  Tevvy shook his head.  “I meant when you stood up to walk over here,” he said.  “How did you know it was safe?”
The kortexi sat up and pointed to the building in front of them.  “The same way I know there is a fountain of the Waters of Life somewhere inside that building,” he replied, “I could feel that it was right.”
“And did you feel the ponkolu hiding in the bushes?” Tevvy asked, not concealing his anger.
Blakstar shrugged and climbed slowly to his feet, brushing off the grass and leaves.  “The ponkolu would have crushed you the moment he grabbed you,” he noted calmly, “so it was better that I walked past him first.”
Tevvy shook his head and turned away.  “What am I doing here?” he asked himself.  “I could be somewhere else, making a profit, rather than being abused by a kortexi.”
“You are one of the chosen,” Klaybear said, “you are meant to be here, even as we are meant to be here,” he turned and glared at Blakstar, “you both would do well to remember that.”
“I do remember,” Blakstar said.
“We each have necessary labors to perform,” Klaybear went on, looking from one to the other, “so we should recognize that fact and stop fighting with each other.”
“I will if he will,” Tevvy said, turning back to glare at Blakstar.
“I haven’t started fighting,” Blakstar retorted, glaring back.  “I just saved your life!” he hissed through clenched teeth.
“Only in your . . . ,” Tevvy began hotly, but stopped when Thal and Klaybear both burst out laughing.
Tevvy and Blakstar stopped glaring at each other to look at their laughing companions.
“What is so funny?” Tevvy asked, now angry at Thal and Klaybear.
Both had trouble controlling, let alone, stopping, their mirth.  After a few moments, Klaybear managed to speak.  “If you could only see yourselves,” he said between laughs, “you look like a pair of boys on some playground, glaring at each other over the sandbox.”
“It is quite amusing,” Thal added, wiping tears from the corners of his eyes with his sleeve.
Neither of them looked amused, but they did stop glaring at each other.
“If you two can get control of your laughter,” Blakstar said, sounding slightly perturbed, “perhaps we can get on with our jobs.”
“Sorry,” Klaybear said, putting one hand on the kortexi’s shoulder.
“My apologies,” Thal said, bowing to each in turn.  They turned to look at the front of the building.  A porch about six feet deep sheltered the front, which was ornately carved.  The green light was at the center of the front, part of the symbol of the kailum.  The symbol of the kortexem was carved to the left, the symbol of the white maghem to the right, the crown symbol above it, and the symbol of Tevvy’s order beneath it, but there was no sign of a door.  On the stone floor in front of the symbols were carved the words:

“What does that say?” Tevvy asked, pointing to the words carved into the porch.
Thal looked at it for a moment, then frowned.  “It says, Go in as if a child else you will leave a,’” he stopped and looked at Klaybear.  “What do you make of those last two words?”
Klaybear looked at theme a moment.  “Well the last one,” he replied, “is spirit or breath, but the one before that, not-body, it means literally.”
“Bodiless,” Thal said, “bodiless spirit.  So the whole must be, Go in as if a child else you will leave a bodiless spirit.”
“That sounds like a threat,” Tevvy concluded.
“It is,” Thal said, “but not to us, since we are supposed to enter here.”
“You did not mention any exception for the chosen,” Tevvy noted.
“That must be why Rokwolf threatened to knock me out,” Blakstar noted.
The others shot quizzical looks at him, but Klaybear spoke.
“My brother threatened you?” Klaybear said, eyebrow rising.
Blakstar nodded.  “He said that your Headmaster told him not to allow any of us to fight anyone we met, because we had to enter the tomb without any experience.”
“That is what the first part means,” Thal said, “to enter as if we are children, which is to say, children in our orders, and that is certainly true.”
“Why?” Tevvy asked.
They shook their heads.  “No idea,” Thal said.  “Did Rokwolf say any more about it?”
“No,” Blakstar said looking back at the building.  “So how do we enter?”
Klaybear started to move forward but stopped, looking at Tevvy.  “Any traps on the porch?”
Tevvy answered by squatting in front of the porch and examining it closely.  “No traps,” he said after a moment’s inspection, “and no door.”
“I have an idea about that,” Klaybear said, stepping onto the porch and lifting up his kailu symbol.  He placed it against the green light glowing at the center of the larger version of his symbol carved into the white stone.  The green light flared brightly, then winked out suddenly.  A section of the wall, door-sized, started to move.  Tevvy moved forward and squatted in front of Klaybear, carefully examining the floor just inside the door.  By the time the door had opened completely, Tevvy had stepped into the well-lighted interior, stooping to examine a new section of floor.  As he moved forward, Blakstar followed, unsheathing his sword.  Klaybear handed Tevvy’s pack to Thal, taking out his staff and the mace hanging from his belt, then followed the kortexi inside.  Thal looked around, sliding his rod out of his belt with his free hand, then followed Klaybear inside.

Chapter 8

There are many possible dimensions beyond that which we currently inhabit, many of them nearly identical to ours.  Further, we believe it possible to create slices of a single dimensional reality, slices dominated by a single elemental force, giving us the opportunity to study the inner workings of each elemental force.  Besides study, it seems to me highly likely that we can find other uses for such dimensional slices. . . .

from Annals of Melbarth, Eighth Series, Early Lectures of the Hierarchs
Lecture by Sedra Melbarth

The square interior of the white marble building was lit by magluku floating in the four corners of the room.  At the center of the room was an altar, also of white marble, square and ornately carved; in front of the back wall they saw the same statue as they had seen in the square of Kalbant, the twelve foot high figure of Shigmar.  As they moved forward, following Tevvy as he searched the floor for traps, they saw words carved into the flat surface of the square marble altar:

“What does it say?” Blakstar asked.
“Shigmar, kailu of the One,” Klaybear replied and pointed to the first word, “that is how his name looks in ancient.”  His voice was hushed.
Blakstar pointed to the surface of the altar, over Shigmar’s name.  “That looks like the place in the wall of the sewers, where I put my sword to open the door.  Do you think it opens a door in here?”
“It must,” Thal said, “since I do not see a staff anywhere.”
“Or any other way to enter the tomb,” Klaybear said.
“I thought this was his tomb,” Blakstar said.
Klaybear shook his head.  “No, this is only the entrance to the tomb,” he replied.  “The tomb is somewhere below, after we pass through whatever protects the tomb and staff.”
Thal pointed at the altar.  “There are two other holes in the surface,” he said, “one next to Kailu, and a smaller one next to Eli.  The larger one looks about the size of a staff, and the smaller, the size of a rod.”  He looked at Klaybear, face wrinkled in surprise.  “How can we enter the tomb to retrieve that staff, if we need sword, staff, and rod to open the door?”
“We don’t,” Tevvy said from the floor behind the altar, “there is a catch here, at the base of the altar that, when released, allows the entire altar to slide back.  There is probably a ladder descending into the tomb beneath the altar.”
“Then,” Thal said, “what function do these openings serve?”
Blakstar reversed his sword.  “Let’s find out,” he said, sliding the sword into the slot above the first kailu’s name.
When the sword slid into place, both the altar and will-giver’s pommel stone glowed brightly with an unearthly light.  Pieces of light gathered over the surface of the altar, forming into the head of the figure whose statue looked down upon the altar.  The head constructed of light opened its eyes and spoke:
“Chosen of the One, although the words I speak sound strange in my ears, I know, by the power of the One, that you will understand me, speaking out of what will be your distant past.  I greet you, knowing that you are well-prepared for what lies ahead, and that you have come here seeking one of the three keys, my staff.  It lies below, and I’m sure your klitodweri has already told you how to move the altar and open the door.  As you have been told, to succeed in passing through the elemental realms below and to retrieve my staff, you must be inexperienced in your orders, as opposition to test you is placed below according to your experience.  Melbarth created the ‘proportion,’ as he called it, so that the more experienced one is, the opposition is that many times more experienced than the one who entered, so in your case, inexperienced, opposition will be equal, or also, inexperienced.  It does not make any sense to Karble or I, but Melbarth assures us it will prevent Gar from entering the tomb, or sending anyone into the tomb to steal the staff.  Perhaps your maghi can understand what Melbarth has done, but I wander.”
They looked at Thal, who only smiled and nodded.
“Only the three keyholders, along with your klitodweri should enter my tomb.  The Fereghen and Feragwen, and the bane of the Fire Queen, three of the younger order, and the beloved opener, the second chosen of my own order, would not survive the test, dooming your quest before it begins.  If any have insisted on coming with you, he, or she, can safely remain here until your return.  However, knowing, as I do, the workings of the One, I’m nearly certain that only four of the chosen are here listening to me.”
Again, they exchanged glances, but no one spoke.
“This building, now that you have entered and closed the door, will no longer appear in the material world, but any of the chosen may use one of the keys to enter here directly, the method learned from your kortexi.  As your maghi has probably already surmised, there is more than one message stored here, information that will aid you in your labors at the appropriate time.  Chosen, use your weapons well, sing your ortheks boldly to the One, and you will find what you seek.  May you be cradled in the hands of the One.”
The light filling the altar winked out along with the pommel stone of will-giver; the pieces of light forming Shigmar’s head separated and faded from view.  Blakstar withdrew his sword, resheathing it with a familiar steely hiss.
Klaybear turned to Thal.  “So, do you understand what Melbarth meant?”
Thal nodded.  “I think so,” he replied.  “If we converted our level of experience to a number, say one, and you raised that number, one, to the same power, the answer would be one, making the opposition equal to us, or, as inexperienced as we are.  If, however, the number equivalent of the person’s experience who entered was, say, five, then you raise five to the fifth power to determine the number, or experience level, equivalent of the opposition placed in the tomb, which would be,” Thal thought for a moment, “three thousand, one hundred and twenty-five.”
Blakstar and Tevvy were completely puzzled by Thal’s explanation; Klaybear was silent for a moment, thinking hard.
“So, what you’re saying,” Klaybear said slowly, “is that if Gar sent one of the ponkolu into the tomb, it would face opposition thousands of times more powerful?”
Thal shook his head.  “More like a million, or maybe even a billion, times more powerful, depending on how you fixed the experience level of the ponkolu who entered.”
Blakstar was shocked.  “Now I can understand why Rokwolf threatened to knock me out if I tried to fight.”
Thal nodded.  “Even equal opposition will be difficult, for we have no idea how long the test will be.”
Klaybear shook his head but did not speak.
“What did he call me?” Tevvy asked, after a moment of stunned silence.
Thal looked at Tevvy.  “It was, I think, klitodweri,” he replied.
“What is that?” Tevvy asked.
“Well,” Thal said, rubbing his chin thoughtfully, “the last part of the word means ‘door,’ the first part is more difficult, as it has probably been contracted from something longer, probably the word that means ‘to listen to,’ so we might translate the word as ‘one who listens at doors.’”
Blakstar snorted.  “A spy,” he noted.
“Not exactly,” Thal said.  “In the prophecy we read, Shigmar called you the ‘cunning mouse,’ and what we have to understand about all language is that it is metaphoric,” he said, and seeing their confused faces, added, “symbolic, meaning that the words we use stand in place of the things we refer to.  Let’s take a relevant example,” he said, pointing to Blakstar.  “His order we name kortexi, which has been contracted from the original, koro-teks-na-eis, which means, literally, ‘the maker, or craft, of holy war,’ expressing something of what Blakstar does, and what he represents, a holy warrior in service of the One.”
“So,” Tevvy began, speaking slowly, “he did not mean that I am someone who simply listens at doors, but someone who gathers secrets and information, in the service of the One,” he finished, his face lighting with delight.
“A thief by any other name,” Blakstar mumbled to himself.  He looked away, toward the statue.  “Shouldn’t we be moving on,” he said in a louder voice, “since we know how to enter the tomb?”
“Right,” Tevvy said, smiling.  “I’ll release the catch, if you will slide the altar that way,” he pointed toward the statue, then stooped.  “Push now,” he said after a moment.
Blakstar bent over the altar and pushed it toward the statue.  It slid smoothly over the floor, revealing an opening with steel rungs driven into the stone wall of the square shaft, on the side nearest the altar.  Tevvy moved over to the side with the ladder and started to climb down.
“Do you need a light?” Klaybear asked.
Tevvy paused and looked up; he shook his head.  “I can see better without the light,” he noted, and he started down again.  “Give me a moment, then follow.”  He disappeared into the darkness below.
Blakstar set his foot on the first rung.
“Hang on,” Thal protested, “he said to give him a moment.”
“I’m just getting ready,” Blakstar replied sheepishly.
They saw a flash of light, illuminating for a moment the passageway, which was about thirty feet deep, but they saw no sign of Tevvy.  Blakstar started to climb down quickly; Klaybear followed, with Thal bringing up the rear.  While Thal waited for Klaybear to begin climbing down, he spoke the word and sent a glowing magluku down the vertical shaft.  It hovered near the bottom, and Tevvy’s face came into view, looking up while shielding his eyes from the light.
“I’m okay,” Tevvy said.  “There is a strange doorway down here,” he noted as Blakstar reached the bottom and Thal started to climb down.  “I did not want to get too close to it, so I tossed one of my sling bullets through it: that is what made the light.”
“What exactly happened,” Thal asked as he climbed, “as it passed through the doorway?”
“It sort of hung there,” Tevvy explained, “pausing for a moment in the doorway, light flashing around it, then it flew through to the other side.  The odd thing,” he added, brow wrinkling,  “was that I did not hear it hit the ground; it is very solid and heavy.”
Klaybear reached the bottom, followed shortly by Thal.  They stood in a hallway-sized passage, going southward about fifteen feet until the arched doorway.
“The hallway is clear,” Tevvy said, “so you can safely approach the doorway.”
Thal stepped up to the archway, his magluku following him, and as he approached it, the stones forming the arch began to glow softly with purple light.  He stood for a time simply looking at it, then ran his hands carefully over the stones of the archway, his hands glowing with white light.  After having moved his hands over the entire arch, he turned back to the others.  “It is a portal, but it does not move a person from one place to another, as I would expect a portal to do, at least, I don’t think it does.  I think it ‘reads’ whatever passes through it.”
“It reads?” Tevvy asked, surprised.
Thal’s brow wrinkled.  “The runes that I can discern are those that refer to reading and study,” he replied, “so, I’m thinking this must be how the tomb determines how powerful the opposition inside should be.  It is similar to the geuskeldu, the archway we enter to test our progress and advance our skills.”
“Is it safe to pass through?” Tevvy asked.
“I think so,” Thal said, turning to face the portal, reaching out to touch it.  “It activates as one approaches, then it begins to read you as soon as . . . ,” his voice broke off suddenly, as his fingers touched the space inside the arch.  The light flashed around him, pulling him forward into the archway, held him there for a split second, then all light went out.
“What happened?” Tevvy asked, his voice shaking.
“He activated the portal,” Klaybear’s voice spoke in the darkness, “and was pulled through to the other side.”
They heard Klaybear moving toward the portal.  “What are you doing?” Tevvy asked.
“Going through,” Klaybear replied, “it is the only way forward.”  The stones glowed in response to his approach, the light flashed as he touched the portal, and he disappeared with the light.
1Blakstar started to move forward; Tevvy grabbed a strap hanging from the kortexi’s pack as he passed, and was pulled forward.  The stone glowed as he approached, light flashed, and Tevvy was pulled through with Blakstar.  They appeared in a square room, softly lit; the others were looking at them; Tevvy shivered.
“That was awful!” Tevvy exclaimed.  “I felt as if I had been stripped down, and not just my clothes: skin, flesh, and bone, stripped down to nothing!”
Thal nodded.  “Yes, that is partially how the geuskeldu works, but it also tests us, whereas this one only reads us.”
Tevvy looked around the room; there were crates stacked along one wall, cots along the opposite wall, the portal behind him and another ahead of him.  “What is this place?” he asked.  “We are not anywhere near where we were before.”
“I think we have been transported to a different plane of existence,” Thal said.
Tevvy looked back at the portal they had come through, then he moved closer to it.  “It’s not glowing,” he noted.
“One-way,” Thal said, “so the only way back is forward.”
Tevvy looked at the walls around the now inactive portal and noticed an inscription.  He pointed to it.  “What does it say?” he asked Thal.
Thal looked at it for a moment before responding.  “It says, roughly, ‘You have entered my death house, or tomb, if you are not chosen of the One, you go to your death.’”
“That sounds like a threat,” Tevvy noted.
“Not to us,” Klaybear said, “as we are the chosen.”
The kortexi put one hand on the hilt of his sword.  “At least we can now fight whatever we encounter,” he noted softly, taking off his pack.  Opening it, he pulled out his helmet, a shield that strapped to his left arm, a pair of greaves, and a breastplate.
Tevvy looked surprised.  “No wonder that pack of yours is so big!” he exclaimed.  “Where do you keep food and water?”
The kortexi smiled at Tevvy, then bent to strap on his greaves.  “There is plenty of room for other supplies.”
Thal had moved to the crates, looking over them.  He stopped at a crate that had the kailu symbol of life on its lid.  Opening it, he looked inside then called to Klaybear.  “I think this is for you,” he noted, still looking into the crate.
Klaybear was helping Blakstar strap on his breastplate.  “What is it?” he asked, buckling the last buckle.
“Armor and a weapon,” Thal replied.
“How do you know they are for me?” Klaybear asked.
“Symbol of life on the crate,” Thal said, “and the armor glows softly green.”
Klaybear walked over to Thal, looking into the crate, his eyes lighting as he saw inside.  There was a shield, helm, leg and arm greaves, and a breastplate, all green enameled with brass trim, the kailu symbol of life etched somewhere onto each piece.  He also saw a shirt of brass rings, padded leather jerkin, and matching leather belt.  His eyes were drawn to the mace that was at the bottom of the crate; he reached into the crate, but as soon as his fingers touched the handle, pain exploded in his right palm and in his forehead, hurling him back from the crate and onto his back on the floor.  His forehead and hand pulsed with angry red light, flashing in time with the beating of his heart.  Blakstar and Tevvy both rushed to his side, kneeling on the floor beside him; Thal stood next to the crate gaping down at him.
“What’s happened?” Tevvy asked, voice frightened.
Thal closed his mouth, then reached into the crate and picked up the mace.  “He touched this weapon,” Thal said, “then he was hurled backward, as you saw.”
Blakstar grabbed the special skin from his belt and unstoppered it.  “Help me give him some of this,” he said to Tevvy.
The awemi grabbed Klaybear’s jaw and opened his mouth; Blakstar poured some of the Waters into his mouth; Tevvy closed the kailu’s mouth.  The effect was immediate: the pulsing red light faded, and Klaybear relaxed and opened his eyes.
“What happened?” Tevvy asked.
Klaybear sat up suddenly, looking around.  “I touched the mace,” he said after a moment, “and was hurled into another vision.  I saw figures of stone, flames, water, ice, and air attacking, stone crushed, flame doused, water steaming, ice shattering, air drowned; I saw each of you crushed by stone, burned to ash, turned to ice and shattered; I saw Blakstar dragged under heaving waves, then I saw Shigmar’s walls falling, the city in flames, and some kind of shock wave roll over the city, killing everyone it touched, leveling the buildings, and the faces of those who died flew past me, howling in pain.  I knew, somehow, that I caused the destruction and all their deaths.”  He stopped, looking up at them, eyes hollow and wet.
“Were the images,” Thal asked, “crushed together, as before?”
Klaybear nodded.
Thal held out the mace.  “Let’s see if it happens again,” he said.
Klaybear winced, but reached out to touch the weapon anyway.  He looked up and grasped the handle.  “Nothing,” he noted.
Thal turned and walked back to the crate.  “Let’s see if it happens with something else from this crate.”  He took out the conical, green-enameled helm, then walked back to where the kailu still sat on the floor.  “Try this,” he said, holding out the helm.
Again, Klaybear winced as he reached for the helm, but nothing happened.  So he passed the mace to Blakstar, then he pulled the helm onto his head, flattening his brown, curly hair.
“Nice hat,” Tevvy said, smiling.
Thal turned back to the crate.  “Perhaps it was the crate itself,” he suggested.
Blakstar reached out his free hand and pulled Klaybear to his feet.
“I don’t think so,” Klaybear said, taking the mace back from the kortexi and giving it an experimental swing; green flames surrounded the head of the mace as it swung through the air.
“Wow,” Tevvy said, “must be teka-enhanced.”
Klaybear smiled as he looked at his new weapon, then looked back at Thal.  “I was leaning on the crate when I reached in,” he noted.
Thal looked puzzled.  “Maybe the two combined?” he suggested, sounding at a loss.
Klaybear shrugged and walked over to the crate, reached out carefully, and gingerly touched it, jerking his finger away as soon as he touched the wood.  When nothing happened, he put his hand on the crate.  “Nothing,” he spoke softly.
Thal shook his head.  “That is quite odd,” he said, looking at the crate and its contents.
Klaybear nodded.  “Not much we can do about it now,” he said, eyeing the contents of the crate, “except put on this armor and get going.”  He smiled at his companions and laid the mace carefully on an unopened crate; he removed his robe, then reached in and lifted out the leather jerkin, pulling it over his undershirt.  He pulled out the shirt of brass rings, then stopped, looking at his companions.  “What?” he asked, seeing the expressions on all their faces.
“You sure that you are all right?” Thal asked, voicing the question in all their minds.  “We have had, after all, several difficult days, with little rest, and you were just accosted by your vision.”
“So?” Klaybear asked.
Thal looked at Tevvy and Blakstar, who both had shot a glance toward the other side of the room, where the cots rested.  “Well, some of us are quite tired,” Thal went on, “so we were thinking of resting before we move on.”
“Not me,” Klaybear noted, throwing the shirt of rings over his head, which made a clanking sound as the rings slid over his helmet.  He buckled the shirt in place, then reached for the belt.  “I feel great!” he said, wrapping the belt around his hips and buckling it.
“Of course you feel great!” Blakstar snapped.  “You just drank the Waters of Life!”
Thal and Tevvy looked suddenly at the kortexi, while Klaybear took out the leg greaves and buckled them over his shins.
“Why can’t we,” Tevvy asked, “drink some of these Waters?”
Blakstar was surprised by the question.  “You’re not hurt . . . ,” he began, but Tevvy interrupted him.
“But we are tired,” Tevvy noted, “wouldn’t drinking the Waters give us energy?  And aren’t we in a hurry to find the staff?”
Blakstar looked from Tevvy to Thal, then back to Tevvy again; Klaybear was now strapping on his arm greaves.  “I don’t have much left,” he said, “shouldn’t we save them for a worse moment, when one of us lies dying?”
“I thought you said,” Tevvy went on, “that there was a fountain in the tomb?  Couldn’t we refill it there?”
Without thinking, Blakstar turned to the portal that would lead them forward.  “It is somewhere ahead.”
“Klaybear didn’t drink very much,” Tevvy said, “and look at him.”  They all turned to look at the kailu, who was pulling out the breastplate.
“I’ll need some help with this,” Klaybear noted, holding it up.
“He looks quite energetic,” Thal noted, looking back at the kortexi.  “And isn’t this the reason why you carry those Waters?” he asked.
Blakstar’s face fell suddenly.  “I’m sorry,” he apologized, “but I fear that our haste and my tiredness has clouded my thinking; I should have suggested it sooner.”  He offered the skin to Thal.  “A swallow should be enough,” he added as Thal took the flask and unstoppered it.
1The white maghi took a sip and held it in his mouth before swallowing; his eyes lit up, and he dropped the skin.  Tevvy caught it and took a swallow, and he smiled widely, taking a second mouthful.
Blakstar looked down from Thal and took the skin from the awemi; Tevvy’s eyes had gone distant.
Thal’s eyes, then Tevvy’s, came back to the present and focused on the room; both smiled, then said together, “Let’s go; I feel great!”
Blakstar smiled weakly back at them, then drank from the skin.  He swallowed and put the stopper back in, returning it to his belt.  His smile mirrored Thal’s and Tevvy’s.
“If you have finished grinning at each other,” Klaybear said, a note of impatience in his voice, “then maybe one of you can help me put on my breastplate?”
They laughed before Blakstar and Thal went to help Klaybear; Tevvy went to the portal that led forward.
“There is another inscription here,” Tevvy said, as Klaybear picked up his new mace and hung it from his belt.  He picked up his shield and strapped it to his right arm.

Thal moved over to where Tevvy stood looking at the portal.  He looked over the inscription, then turned toward Klaybear.  “How would you translate repindo?” he asked.
Klaybear thought for a moment.  “Snatching, or maybe seizing,” he replied.
Thal looked back at the inscription under the arched portal.  “It says, Thrown from a heart of fire, creatures who are made of stone, seizing those of flesh, corrupted by contact with evil, swiftly takes them to the gate of the house of death, I think,” Thal added as he finished, brow furrowed.
Klaybear pointed to one of the words.  “Isn’t that the evil one?” he asked.
“Oh, yes,” Thal said, “corrupted by contact with the evil-one, it should say.”
Tevvy looked puzzled.  “But who is seized, who is corrupted, and who is taken to the gate?” he asked.
“Well, it is poetry,” Thal noted, “so it is the stone creatures who are corrupted by evil, and who seize creatures of flesh and take them to the gate, or I should say, kill them.”
“And that is supposed to help us?” Tevvy asked.  “How?”
“The arch,” Thal said, pointing, “is a portal.  Notice these symbols,” he pointed to various parts of the arch, “around the arch.  Each symbol activates the portal, opening a doorway to different places, depending on which symbol is activated.”
“So how do we know which to activate?”
“Earth,” Klaybear said; Thal nodded.
“How do you figure that?” Tevvy asked.
“Creatures of stone,” Klaybear said.
“And Shigmar told us above,” Thal added, “that we had to pass through the elemental realms and be tested in each.”
“But it also mentioned fire,” Tevvy protested.  “Couldn’t it also be fire?”
Thal shook his head.  “The stone creatures were thrown from the heart of fire, and they are doing all the actions, so it must be earth.”
“What happens if you are wrong,” Tevvy asked, “if you choose the wrong symbol?”
Thal shrugged.  “Anything from nothing,” he replied, “to instant death.”
“Fine,” Tevvy quipped, “you won’t mind if I get out of the way before you try?”
Thal ignored him; Klaybear pointed to a symbol on the left side of the arch.  Thal reached out one hand, the end of his index finger glowing white.  “Has everybody got everything?” he asked before touching the symbol.  “Everybody ready?”  He waited for their nods.
“Do I have any choice?” Tevvy asked; he had moved to stand behind the kortexi.
“No,” three voices spoke together.
Thal touched the symbol for earth; the portal flared to life, filled with a gray shimmering similar to the archway opened with Blakstar’s sword.  They turned to look at Tevvy.
“You first,” Klaybear said, “followed by Blakstar, then me, then Thal.  Weapons ready, I think.”  Three nods were followed by the sound of Blakstar’s sword and Tevvy’s short sword sliding from scabbards; a dagger appeared in Tevvy’s left hand; Thal slipped out his rod, spoke a word, “kreska,” and the rod lengthened and thickened into a stout quarterstaff, although still gray; Klaybear held up his mace.  “May the One hold us safely in His hand,” he prayed and nodded to Tevvy, who grimaced and stepped into the portal.  He disappeared from sight; Blakstar followed, then Klaybear, then Thal, and the light of the portal went out.

Chapter 9

Although dimensional slices reflect the values of their tekson creator, one cannot remove the influence of Gar; I fear that if left to themselves, over time, any created dimensional slice would fall under Gar’s influence, altering the conditions of its creation, even though their personal nature would prevent him or his minions from entering directly. . . .

from Annals of Melbarth, Ninth Series, Early Lectures of the Hierarchs
Lecture by Sedra Melbarth

They stood at the center of a small, sandy clearing, surrounded by jagged chunks of stone, from the size of a clenched fist to the size of a small house.  The sky was dark, lit with an orange hue, devoid of stars, or moon, or sun.  The sand of the clearing around them was empty of plants or animals, and they only heard distant rumblings, punctuated by the sounds of cracking stone coming from every direction; the sound echoed and reverberated hollowly, as if they were inside a large stone dome.  Clouds of red-brown dust billowed around them from time to time, making it difficult to breath; Tevvy and Thal were coughing, and the awemi pulled his hood up around his mouth, as he had done in the sewers of Shigmar that seemed to be an age and universe away.  The others took cloths from pockets, tying them around their heads to cover their mouths and noses, having learned from their experiences in the sewers under Shigmar.  The ground beneath their feet shook suddenly, making them, and the stones around them, reel to and fro like an inn’s common room filled with drunken farmers and merchants trying to dance.  The sharp retorts of cracking stones pierced their ears, painful for its closeness and loudness.  The sand beneath their feet started to boil, as if pushed up from below, pebbles and shards of stone coming up out of the sand, while pebbles and shards of stone already lying on the sand moved out from the center of the sandy area to be ground under by the twisting and rolling boulders surrounding them, throwing up new clouds of dust that rolled over them, obscuring their view.  Each quickly closed his eyes when the thick dust clouds rolled over them as the gritty dust stung the eyes.  As quickly as it started, the shaking ground and grinding boulders stopped, the sounds echoing away into silence, returning as distant rumbles and cracks.  The sand ceased its boiling, and they saw, churned up from the depths, a broken hilt, part of a belt buckle, and the broken stock of a crossbow, all of them pocked with holes and scoured clean.  Blakstar nudged the broken hilt with one boot.
“That’s ominous,” Tevvy said, voice muffled.
Each had managed to keep his feet by using his weapon to help steady him.
“Did you notice what happened to the path?” Blakstar asked, pointing to the only way out of the sandy clearing.
“I was a bit busy,” Klaybear noted wryly, “trying to keep on my feet.  I think if one fell down during one of those earthquakes, one would be carried straight to the edge of the sand and be eaten by the boulders.”
Blakstar nodded.  “That is exactly what happened to the path,” he said, “only problem is the path is so narrow that a single stumble to the right or left . . . ,” he left it hanging.
“This might be challenging,” Klaybear said.
Even though his hood covered the lower half of his face, they could tell Tevvy’s mouth was open.
“Challenging?” Tevvy repeated, hardly believing what he had heard.  “Are you crazy?  We’ll be lucky if even one of us gets through here alive!”
Thal seemed to ignore Tevvy’s outburst; he was tapping the cloth covering his chin.
“We are meant to pass through this,” Blakstar said, turning without another word to follow the path.
Tevvy leaped after him.  “Wait!” he exclaimed.  “You don’t know if it’s safe!”
“It isn’t,” Blakstar replied without turning.
Klaybear touched Thal’s arm.  “We better follow them,” he said, “I do not think we should get separated in this place.”
Thal came out of his thoughts.  “You are right,” he said, “we should not linger.”
“Let’s hope we do not get another earthquake while we are crossing this narrow path,” he noted.  Rumbling and cracking echoed from the east, then south-southwest, northeast and closer, west and farther away.
“There may be a way,” Thal mumbled.
“You have an idea?” Klaybear asked, as they hurried to catch Tevvy and Blakstar.  Rumbling and cracking echoed from the southwest and very close; they paused on the narrow path as thick clouds rolled toward them.
Thal nodded, shielding his eyes from the dust.  “Maybe,” he noted, “there is an orthek that creates a disc of air that floats above the ground.”  Rumbling and cracking from the distant south, southwest and closer, southeast and distant.  “This orthek allows the maghi to float above the ground, and when I’m more skilled, I can move the disc around.”
“How does that help us?” Klaybear asked.  Rumbling and cracking from the far distant west.
“I can float on the disc,” he said as they caught up to the kortexi, and the ground beneath them shook violently.  Thal shouted the words, “pleudkweklo,” and he was floating about two feet off the ground.  “Grab onto me!” he shouted.  “I cannot lift you, but at least I can steady you!”
Klaybear grabbed Thal’s ankle with one hand, dancing insanely as the sandy path boiled beneath him, moving his feet inexorably toward the grinding boulders on either side.  Blakstar did the same thing, holding onto Thal from the other side, doing a similar crazy reel.  Tevvy could not reach the white maghi as he floated, so he simply crawled onto the kortexi’s back, clinging there as would a child.  Thal shook from side to side because of the vibrations passing through the two holding onto his legs, but his floating disc held steady, although beads of sweat formed on his face as he concentrated on keeping the disc afloat.  As suddenly as it had come, the shaking stopped, the boulders stopped rolling, and the sandy path under their feet stopped boiling.  Klaybear and Blakstar let go of Thal, who released the orthek and floated slowly back to the ground.
“That was useful,” Klaybear noted.
“You can get down now,” Blakstar snapped, irritated.
Tevvy unclenched his hands and slid down the kortexi’s back.  As soon as his bare feet touched the sand, he ran forward as quickly as he could to the next clearing.
Klaybear started to laugh, but his laugh turned quickly into a cough as the air around them was heavy with stone dust.
“I think he’s got the right idea,” Thal mumbled, indicating that Blakstar should hurry after him.
The three of them jogged after Tevvy, soon entering the clearing.  They stopped dead, seeing the awemi hurl one of his daggers straight at a pile of stones walking toward them.  There were half-a-dozen of the creatures moving toward them, each about six feet tall, each looking as if some nearly-blind god had taken stones and piled them together to form legs, torso, arms, and head, then animated them.  Tevvy’s dagger hit the closest creature in the chest where a person’s heart would be; the dagger shattered into a hundred pieces falling harmlessly onto the sand.
Tevvy turned to look at his companions.  “I think we’re in trouble!” he exclaimed, backing toward the others.
Each of the creatures had only a single hole at the center of its head, which head was smaller than the companions’; the hole was filled with a gemstone that glowed with orange light.  The creatures paused and shook, filling the clearing with the sound of many stones clunking together.
“I think they are laughing at me,” Tevvy said, moving behind his companions.
Blakstar leaped forward, brandishing his sword, the stone glowing and the blade licked by golden flames; Klaybear followed, swinging his mace, which glowed with green flames.  Blakstar deflected the arm of the lead creature with his shield, swung his sword in an overhand stroke, severing the other arm of the lead creature.  The blade scraped between the chest and arm in a shower of golden sparks and a flash of orange light, the stony arm fell to the sand.  The creature fell onto its knees in front of the kortexi, who stood momentarily stunned by its behavior, prostrate in front of him as if it were suing for clemency.  A green flaming mace swung down, shattering the stony head; the creature fell apart.
“Didn’t I tell you,” Thal noted from behind Blakstar, “that we’d be in for a surprise the first time you used that sword?”
“Go for the head!” Klaybear shouted, “it seems to be holding them together.”  He stepped to Blakstar’s left, bringing his green flaming mace down upon the head of the creature on that side.  For the second time, a stony head shattered, and the creature of piled stones fell apart.
Taking his cue from the kailu, Blakstar again leaped toward the next creature, swinging his sword cross-body and aiming at the space between head and chest.  The flaming blade scraped between the stones, golden sparks flew, orange light flashed, the stone head fell back off of the creature’s chest, and the body prostrated itself on the ground before the kortexi.  For the second time, Blakstar paused, stunned by the behavior, and as he stood there, Tevvy darted forward from behind the stunned kortexi, stabbed his dagger into the eye hole of the stone head, and popped the glowing orange gem out of the eye hole.  The creature fell apart in a flash of orange light, and Tevvy darted back behind Blakstar.
Thal raised his glowing rod in one hand and held up his other hand, open with palm outward. “Ghesorsista!” he shouted, and pieces of yellow light gathered to form a hand of yellow air in front of one of the creatures.  This creature paused to look at the transparent yellow hand, then tried to walk through it.  Thal staggered back as the creature walked into the hand of air, and the hand wavered.  Thal pushed himself forward, pushing the creature back momentarily, but then the creature started forward again, pushing both hand and maghi back.  “I can’t hold it long,” he hissed through clenched teeth.
Blakstar moved toward one of the creatures, one closest to him not blocked by Thal’s orthek.  To his left, Klaybear moved toward the other free creature.  Instead of swinging his sword to sever head from chest, the kortexi lunged forward and stabbed at the glowing eye, crushing the orange gem and putting out the light.  The creature fell apart.  Klaybear crushed the head of the fifth creature moments after Blakstar stabbed his.  Thal released his orthek just before the creature pushed him into the sharp boulders surrounding the clearing.  The kortexi stepped to his left, intending to stab the final stone creature, but Tevvy hissed from behind.
“Cut off his head,” the awemi said, “I want to get one of those stones intact.”
Blakstar altered his steps, swinging his sword in a wide arc.  The flaming blade scraped between stony head and chest, causing another shower of golden sparks and a flash of orange light; the body fell forward, the head fell back, and Tevvy darted forward, leaning on the head while trying to pry out the glowing orange gem.  The head and body started thrashing around, hurling Tevvy from it.  Klaybear stepped forward and crushed the head.
Tevvy stood and brushed himself off.  “I wanted that one whole!” he exclaimed.
Klaybear shrugged.  “Sorry,” he said, “I thought you needed help with it.”
Thal stooped where he was and picked up one of the orange gems.  “I think I saw another fly off over there,” he said, pointing.  He held the gem in the palm of his left hand and passed his glowing right hand and rod over it.  “There is a hint of teka, but I cannot tell what it is; I need more time to study it.”  He slipped it into one of his pockets.
Tevvy walked in the direction Thal had pointed, and, after a moment of careful searching, he found a second gem, looking it over carefully before pocketing it.
“Why do you want that thing?” Blakstar asked.
“It’s probably worth something,” Tevvy said shiftily.
Blakstar turned away shaking his head.
“We ought to collect as many of them as we can,” Thal added.  “They might have useful elemental properties when we return them to our own plane.”
“Even if they don’t,” Tevvy said, “they look to be quite valuable.”
Rumbling and cracking still sounded all around them, sometimes distant, sometimes close by, sending clouds of thick, stone dust rolling over them.
“Those stone men would be difficult to handle,” Tevvy noted, “if the ground were shaking beneath us.  I suspect they would not be bothered by it.”
The others nodded, looking around warily.  Rumbling and cracking sounds came from the distant west, and then all fell silent.
“I don’t like that,” Tevvy noted, looking around, his voice sounding shrill in the unnatural silence, “it doesn’t bode well.”
They looked around again, watching for signs of what the oppressive silence signified, many slow breaths passing before anything happened.  The ground beneath them gave an almighty heave, hurling all of them from their feet, then the ground shook more violently than before, the sound of boulders grinding around them deafening, the sand beneath them churning, the stones of the former stone men quickly moved to the edges of the sandy clearing, consumed by the boulders grinding around them.  All tried to get back to their feet, made more difficult by the sand flowing like water toward the edges of the clearing.  Thal managed to create again his floating disc, shouting for the rest to come and hold on.  Klaybear and Blakstar were closer to Thal, and so were able to get close enough to grab onto him; Tevvy was too far away, although more agile, he was keeping his feet, running as fast as his legs would go, but he was slowly moving closer to the edge and the grinding boulders.  Thal shouted, and Blakstar let go of Thal’s ankle, both moving and allowing the flowing, churning sand to move him toward the struggling awemi.  Klaybear turned, and, in spite of the insane steps of the dance to keep his feet, he tried to push Thal and the floating disc closer to Tevvy; the sweat was running freely down the white maghi’s face in his effort to keep his disc floating.  As the kortexi neared Tevvy, he turned and started his legs moving back toward Thal, sure that his forward momentum would carry him to Tevvy before his body changed directions.  He stretched his hand toward Tevvy’s reaching hand, their hands met and clasped, and Blakstar heaved Tevvy toward him.  As soon as the awemi was close enough to Blakstar, he clambered up the kortexi’s back as before, and Blakstar ran back toward Thal and Klaybear.  But the intelligence behind the churning sand and grinding boulders increased the fury of the shaking and churning.  Although Blakstar had initially succeeded in moving closer to Thal, the increased flow of the sand toward the grinding boulders carried the running kortexi inexorably toward crushing death.  Klaybear saw what was happening, so whipped out his staff with his free hand, stretching it as far as he could while still holding onto Thal.  Blakstar lunged forward and caught hold of the end of the staff, but instead of pulling himself and Tevvy away from the grinding rocks, he pulled Klaybear and Thal closer to him and the spinning, clashing boulders.
1Thal released his floating disc and, before it faded and he fell, shouted, “steighudnes!” and pointed his rod up.  He started to rise, pulling Klaybear, and then Blakstar, with Tevvy clinging to his back.  He grimaced when Klaybear’s weight pulled on his legs, and he groaned out loud, and Klaybear also groaned, as they lifted and dragged Blakstar up and across the churning sand.  When the kortexi was directly beneath him, his strength faded, and he was dragged slowly down.  The churning and rumbling sand and rocks slowed, and then stopped, and Thal surged upward when Klaybear released his legs.  He lowered his rod and sank slowly down, stopping next to his panting and coughing companions, as thick clouds of dust rolled over them.  Silence reigned when their coughing ceased.
Tevvy was white with fright.  “Let’s get out of here before it happens again!”
The others looked around, listening, troubled by the total silence.
Klaybear looked up from where he sat on the sand.  “Have you got some rope?” he asked Tevvy.
Tevvy was looking around.  “Yes,” he said after a moment, although his voice still quavered.  “It is thin and light, but very strong; I use it for climbing,” he explained.  “What did you have in mind?”
“After what has happened,” Klaybear said, “I think we should rope ourselves together.”
Blakstar nodded.  “I agree.  That way, if it happens again . . . ,” he began, but Thal interrupted him.
“When it happens again,” Thal put in, “although it might not happen again for a while.”
“Why do you think that?” Blakstar asked.
“Whatever force controls this place,” Thal replied, “sounds, by the silence, to have expended all the energy it had, so I don’t think we need to worry until we hear the rumbling again.”
“Might I suggest,” Tevvy said, “an alternative: if we are all tied together, fighting will be difficult.  I’ve got a couple of short pieces, and I can cut more, if we need them.  I’ll give each of you a piece that you can tie around your waist, tie a loop in the other end, then coil the excess and loop it under your belts.  At a moment’s notice, you can toss the loop to someone else, who needs only to put the loop around his wrist, Thal to Klaybear to Blakstar to me.  Then, we are free to move as necessary while fighting.”
“Good idea,” Thal said, “but we should hurry, since every second we wait is used by our enemy to gather strength for another assault.”
The others nodded; Tevvy pulled several small coils of rope from his pack.  “I can hand them to you, and you can tie them on while we walk.”
They moved forward in this manner, passing through three more clearings, becoming highly proficient at dispatching their stony opponents and roping themselves together following each battle to be lifted by Thal above the sand while it flowed like water beneath them.  After the third encounter and earthquake, the kortexi fell to the sand, looking gray, coughing and gasping for breath, unable to move.
“What is wrong?” Klaybear asked, kneeling beside the fallen Blakstar.
“I’m spent,” Blakstar hissed between coughs.  “This sword may bring my opponents to their knees,” he went on, wheezing, “but it has nearly drained the life out of me.  I fear I cannot go on.”
Klaybear cursed under his breath.  “Rokwolf hinted to me that this might happen,” he said, turning to the white maghi.  “You are better at this kind of thing, come and show him how to draw energy from the sword: it is the reason why Rokwolf, and the morgle, could use the keys without becoming exhausted.”
Thal looked puzzled.  “What do you mean?”
Before responding, Klaybear took his staff, drew energy from the air around them, and funneled it into the fallen kortexi.  “The kortexem,” he said, slipping his staff back into the space between his back and pack, “are forbidden from using teka-enhanced weapons and artifacts, and so are not trained in their proper use.”
Thal’s face lit with comprehension.  “Yes, of course,” he said, “that explains a lot.”
“Is that right?” Klaybear asked Blakstar.
The kortexi was sitting up, his breathing eased by the energy the kailu had given him.  “Well, yes,” he said, “we are taught to depend on our physical strength and skill alone.”
“So all of your focus,” Thal said, “is on mundane weapons and armor.”  Thal knelt on Blakstar’s other side.  “Take out your sword,” he said, and when Blakstar had done so and placed it across his knees, all could see the pommel stone glowing and pulsing brilliantly; Thal laid one of his hands on the hilt over the kortexi’s hands.  “Now, remember how we discovered the morgle’s door?”
Blakstar nodded.
“We will do the same thing,” Thal continued, “only we will be staying inside the sword; concentrate on the stone and its golden brilliance,” Thal noted.
The kortexi focused his eyes on the golden topaz affixed to the handle and concentrated.
After a moment, Thal spoke in Blakstar’s mind. Do you see that pool of power?
Yes, Blakstar thought.
Draw that back to yourself, Thal thought back, which should happen as soon as you touch it with your mind.  Thal watched until Blakstar had drawn all of the energy back into himself.  Do you see how it is done? he asked.
Yes, the kortexi replied.
Remember to do that after each battle, or as you need it.  The more often you do that, the easier it will become, until you do it without thinking, Thal added.
Blakstar stood and put his sword away.  “I feel great!” he exclaimed, and the color had returned to his cheeks.
Tevvy came back from where the path among the boulders moved forward.  “We have a problem,” he noted.
“What is it?” Klaybear asked.
“The path goes forward a short way,” Tevvy replied, “then splits, going in two different directions.”
“Is there anything to indicate which way to go?” Klaybear asked.
“Without actually following them, no,” Tevvy replied, “which I am leery of doing alone, as I do not think I could survive an earthquake without help.  However, the left path looks like it opens into a clearing, at least, I think I could see it opening up.”
The others raised their eyebrows, exchanging glances.  “What do you mean?” Blakstar asked, his suspicion aroused.
Tevvy shrugged.  “I don’t know how to explain it,” he said, “but the left fork appears to open into a clearing a short way down the path leading that direction.  I could be wrong, since this place does not seem to follow normal rules; I have thought before that the path ahead was short, but it took longer to cover that space than it should have.”
Blakstar shook his head; Klaybear and Thal exchanged another glance.
“There is something strange,” Thal said, “about the way distance and time behave here.  I have noticed that, although it has taken longer each time for our enemy to recover enough strength to attack us, we have been attacked by stone creatures and earthquake immediately upon entering any clearing.”
“I had noticed,” Klaybear agreed.
“So what do we do?” Tevvy asked.
Klaybear thought for a moment before responding.  “I think we should go forward on the short path, just to see what is there, and then decide.”
The others nodded, and all moved quickly onto the path.  Almost as soon as they entered the left way, a clearing opened, different from the others: this one was a depression, like a shallow bowl, with rocks like standing stones around the rim providing cover, as if they were supposed to see into the bowl without being seen by any who might be below.  They took cover behind the rocks, looking carefully down.  They could hear clinking sounds, and a rhythmic grinding sound that they soon discovered was stony chanting.  Below, they saw a flat area at the bottom of the depression, a stone pillar at its center, surrounded by a score of the stone creatures, who appeared to be dancing and chanting around the stone pillar.  Next to the pillar stood another stone creature, waving a rod topped with some kind of feathers.  The stone pillar was revolving slowly, at the same speed as the creatures who circled, but in the opposite direction, and sinking slowly into the sand.  As it turned, they could see chains binding something to the pillar, then they saw what was clearly a female figure, which caused them all to watch the pillar more closely.
“It looks like . . . ,” Tevvy started to say, before the others, since his awemi eyes could see farther than the eyes of his companions, “but that can’t be true; she can’t be here,” he finished looking both concerned and puzzled.
“Who do you see?” Klaybear asked.
“An awema I know, named Elanor,” he whispered, “she graduated from my father’s school with me; we grew up together, I think our mothers . . . ,” he started to say, but was interrupted by the kortexi.
“The figure is too large to be awema,” Blakstar objected, “she is a wetha; she looks like . . . ,” he trailed off, not completing his thought.
“Your eyes are wrong,” Thal said, “and I don’t know how you could know her, she is from the village near my master’s tower.”
Klaybear did not speak, more puzzled than before, as he thought he saw Klare chained to that revolving pillar, about to be sacrificed to some stone deity.
“You wethem are blind!” Tevvy exclaimed, “she’s shorter than me, so she cannot be who you think she is!”
As they argued, the stone pillar lurched and sank deeper into the sand; the figure chained to the pillar screamed.  Blakstar growled and leapt to his feet, and, before the others could stop him, he was running down the hill, brandishing his golden, flaming sword.  They were so stunned by his sudden action that no one spoke or moved until he reached the bottom of the depression and shouldered his way past the circling stone creatures.  1Klaybear, Tevvy, and Thal stood and followed him, but as they stepped out from behind their cover and started to run down the hill, the kortexi had swung his sword at the creature next to the pillar, cutting off one of its stony arms.  Predictably, it fell down before Blakstar, prone upon the sand.  They heard Blakstar’s command, echoing around the shallow bowl.
“Release her!” he shouted, “and send her back!”
The prone stone creature waved its remaining arm, and both pillar and victim vanished.  Blakstar stabbed his sword into the single glowing eye of the prone creature, destroying it.  The circling creatures stopped, apparently stunned into inaction by the sudden appearance of the glowing kortexi.
“Idiot!” Tevvy exclaimed, stopping.  “What’s he going to do now, surrounded by twenty creatures who are not going to be happy that he interrupted their sacrifice?  Run, you fool!” he shouted at Blakstar.  “Before they close ranks!”  Tevvy grabbed and stopped Klaybear and Thal, dragging them with him as he turned back up the hill.
Tevvy’s shout brought Blakstar back to himself, and he immediately ran toward the others, removing the heads from two of the stone creatures as he passed through their circle and started back up the hill.  The other creatures turned and started after the fleeing kortexi and his companions.  Tevvy and the others reached the top of the bowl and turned at the entrance to the path.  What they saw stunned them: the stone creatures did not run after the kortexi, but their short legs had vanished, and they were rolling forward on the stone that formed their lower torso, quickly moving up the hill and nearly upon Blakstar.
“Can you slow them down?” Tevvy asked.
In reply, Klaybear whipped out his staff, pointed it at the stone creature closest to the kortexi, shooting a bolt of green fire, which struck the stone creature and blew it apart.  Thal raised his rod and shouted, “Plotugel!”  A stream of water issued from the tip of his rod, hitting the sand behind Blakstar and freezing into a sheet of ice about ten feet square.  The stone creatures behind the kortexi lost traction, but only for a moment, until their bulk broke through the ice.  However, that moment was enough, and Blakstar reached the place where the others waited.  They backed into the path, Klaybear swapping his staff for his mace as Blakstar turned back to fight the stone creatures.  Klaybear smashed the head of the first one to approach; Blakstar stabbed the eye of the second, and the stones that made up the two creatures fell apart, blocking the entrance to the path.  They turned to follow Tevvy and Thal, who had already reached the fork.
“We should turn again at the fork in the path,” Blakstar said, looking over his shoulder, “to slow them down again.”
Klaybear looked back and saw that the remaining stone creatures were pushing past the stones of their fallen comrades.  “Not for long,” he noted.
“It will be enough,” Blakstar added as they turned down the other path.
They again turned and waited only moments before dispatching two more creatures and blocking the path.  Klaybear looked up and saw more of the stone creatures coming from the previous clearing toward them.
“There are more coming,” Klaybear said as they turned to flee again.
“I saw them,” Blakstar replied, looking over his shoulder periodically as they ran.  “We will have to turn again, soon.”
Klaybear nodded, looking ahead.  “It doesn’t look like we have far to go; the others appear to have entered another clearing.”
“And what will they find?” Blakstar asked.  “More of these creatures, I suspect.  They are nearly upon us,” he noted after glancing back again.  “We need a good archer,” he mumbled.
Klaybear heard and smiled, getting ready to turn.
“Now!” Blakstar exclaimed, stopping suddenly and turning to stab his sword into the eye of the closest stone creature.  It fell apart, causing the creature behind it to stumble.  Klaybear brought his mace down hard, crushing the stone head of the second creature.  The two creatures’ remains blocked the path and again, momentarily halted their pursuit.  Blakstar and Klaybear turned and ran, hoping they could catch up to Thal and Tevvy before their pursuers could catch them again.  They heard grinding stone behind them, and looking back, saw their pursuers pushing the stones blocking the path out of the way.
“They are getting better,” Klaybear quipped as they ran.
Blakstar shook his head.  “How many more are following us?”
“It is hard to tell,” Klaybear replied, “since vision here is obscured by dust.”
“Too many for us to handle easily, I’d say,” Blakstar said.
“I fear you are right, which seems to contradict what we were told,” the kailu noted, “equal opposition.”
The kortexi looked back and saw the stone creatures were, again, gaining on them, and turned back to Klaybear.  “We’ll have to stop them just before the next clearing opens, if we want to have any chance of surviving.”
“Let’s hope there are not more of them waiting for us,” Klaybear replied.
Blakstar nodded.  “A little further, I think,” he noted, continuing to glance back periodically.  They could see the opening twenty yards ahead of them, and they took four more strides and turned, ready to attack.  When the first pair of stone creatures neared them, Blakstar lunged forward, stabbing out the eye and sidestepping as the pieces of the stone creature rolled past him.  Klaybear swung overhand and sidestepped, bringing his mace down on the second stone creature’s head, crushing it.  The pieces crashed into the remains of the first, blocking the path behind them.  Before they could leap over the stones, the next pair of creatures were upon them, so they both repeated their previous actions, sending more stones to pile against the others blocking the path behind them.
“I think we made a mistake,” Klaybear said.
Blakstar nodded, lunging for his third stone creature, stabbing out the eye; Klaybear swung at his third, crushing another stone head.  However, the pursuit had caught up to them, so the stone remains of these two did not roll as far as the others, which gave the kortexi an idea.  “Go!” he shouted to Klaybear.  “I’ll hold them here!”  He turned to lunge toward his fourth stone creature, stabbing out its eye.  He parried the swing of the next creature, but before he could stab out its eye, a bolt of green power passed over his right shoulder, then it struck the eye of the creature whose blow he had parried.  The bolt flashed and sizzled for a moment, the creature shuddered and fell apart, the orange gem going suddenly dark and sliding from the eye socket.
“Now!” Klaybear shouted from behind, and Blakstar ducked and rolled beneath a second green bolt, coming to his feet again and leaping over the stone remains that had stopped just behind them; Klaybear stood grinning at him, pointing his staff toward their pursuers.  The kailu opened his mouth to speak, but stopped suddenly, hearing Thal’s voice from behind them.
“Duck!” the white maghi shouted, pointing his rod in their direction.  Both dropped immediately to the ground.  “Strelo-sporna-okwum!”  A bolt of yellow lightning leapt from the tip of Thal’s rod, touching the eyes of the next three stone creatures, who were trying to push the stony remains of their fallen comrades out of the way.  All three stopped and started shaking, as smaller bolts of lightning forked from Thal’s main bolt, surrounding their bodies with crackling electricity.
On the ground, Klaybear heard and recognized Thal’s incantation.  “Stay down!” he hissed to the kortexi.  Both felt their hair standing up, hearing the bolt of lightning crackling overhead.  As quickly as it had flashed to life, the bolt winked out, but the three closest creatures remained, for a few moments longer, encased in forking bolts of lightning, shuddering and grinding, until the lightning winked out, and the three creatures fell apart, the charred remains of their gemstone eyes falling to the ground.
“Quickly!” Thal exclaimed, “while we have time!”
Klaybear and Blakstar jumped to their feet, half leaping, half crawling over the stones blocking the pathway and entering the sandy clearing where Thal and Tevvy were waiting for them.  This clearing was as small as the first one they had entered, what seemed to them days ago; there was no other pathway, except the one on which they had entered, and the boulders surrounding this small clearing leaned over the clearing, threatening to collapse and cover the sandy space.
“Over here,” Tevvy said, waving to them from the side farthest away from the path.  “I think I found the way out.”
They could hear the grinding sounds of the stone creatures, pushing the remains of their fallen comrades out of the way.  They rushed over to where the awemi squatted, brushing sand off a portal stone, next to a pile of bones that included a skull.  Thal squatted next to him, examining the stone.
Blakstar nudged the bones with his boot.  “Looks like he didn’t quite make it,” he noted.
Klaybear nodded.  “That could have been us, if we did not get lucky back there,” he added, turning to the others.
“There,” Thal said, touching a symbol on the stone with a glowing finger.
A gray shimmering archway, similar to the one opened by Blakstar’s sword, flared to life in the air before them.  At the same moment, the stones blocking the pathway into the small clearing ground out of the way, and their pursuers rushed toward them.  They stepped through the archway and back into Shigmar’s tomb.

Chapter 10

There are times healing when the kailu must admit defeat, must recognize that the patient’s life has run its course and the patient should be allowed to die; this decision–to stop healing–is probably the most difficult that we ever face. . . .

Tarlana, Headmistress of Shigmar, 167-194

“Is this the same room as before?” Klaybear asked, looking around.
“Look,” Tevvy said, pointing, “there is the sling bullet I threw into the room.”
Blakstar pointed to the wall.  “And isn’t that the crate that contained your weapon and armor?”
“But the inscription is different,” Thal noted, pointing at the archway that had lead them to the earth realm, “so the inscription must change as we successfully pass through each of the five realms.”
“Why couldn’t we,” Tevvy began, “just skip the other realms, and go directly to Shigmar’s tomb.  Wouldn’t that save time?” he finished, raising his hands.
“I don’t think we could,” Thal said, shaking his head.  “The fact that the inscription has changed indicates that we must progress forward through each realm before we can enter the place where the staff lies.  Remember that Shigmar told us that this was a test, mostly to prevent the staff from falling into any hands but ours.”
“Wouldn’t it have been simpler,” Tevvy said, “to simply prevent anyone but us from entering?  Surely the fact that the founders knew us well enough to create these,” he pointed to his black leather bracers, “means they could have locked the staff away in a place that only we could enter.”
“They did,” Blakstar said impatiently, “this place.”
“I meant,” Tevvy said, throwing up his hands in exasperation, “some place that was easier for us to enter than this one is.”
“If they made it easy for us,” Blakstar growled, “it would be easy for anyone, and the staff would have been removed long before now.”
“Let’s examine the inscription,” Klaybear said, cutting off further argument.

Thal moved closer to the archway and ran his fingers over the new words.  “Creatures made of heat alone,” he translated, then pointed to the first word of the second line.  “I’m not sure about this one, it means, literally, those who make statues sacred,” he noted, and Klaybear interrupted him.
“Idolaters,” Klaybear said, “people who worship idols, or statues.”
Thal nodded.  “Your realm, more than mine, I think,” he said, then looked back at the inscription.  “Then I should think the line reads, idolaters worship us, the right-wise. . . .”
“Righteous,” Klaybear inserted.
“The righteous,” Thal corrected himself, “hold us in high regard, always the source of heat,” he finished, thinking for a moment before speaking again.  “Fire,” he said, “we must next pass through the realm of fire.”
Tevvy groaned.  “So instead of constant earthquakes and grinding boulders, flame spouts and blistering heat?  That’s just great!” he added sarcastically, throwing up his hands.
Thal nodded.  “Since we have a better idea of what to expect, what can we do to prepare?”
“Can’t I just sit this one out?” Tevvy asked plaintively.
Klaybear shook his head.  “I don’t think so,” he said, “since Shigmar told us that the four of us had to pass through the test.”  He turned to Thal.  “There is one orthek I can cast on us, an orthek that will help us better tolerate the heat, but it is not very powerful, because I’m not very powerful, and it requires a drop of argwiwo, a very expensive and rare item, of which I have very little: for the four of us, maybe two applications.”
“How long would that last?” Thal asked.
“Maybe fifteen minutes each,” Klaybear replied, “if the heat is not too intense.”
“I think we can count on the heat being ‘too intense,’” Tevvy noted wryly.
Thal nodded.  “I suspect that you are right,” he said.  “Thirty minutes, then, it took us several hours to get through the earth realm, it won’t be enough,” he finished softly, speaking to himself.
“I should add,” Blakstar said, “that part of my training included surviving extreme conditions, and with heat the advice was to keep a cool head.”
Tevvy snorted.  “That is the problem!”
Thal frowned at Tevvy.  “How did they tell you to do that?” he asked the kortexi.
“Cover your head, and neck, with a cloth,” Blakstar said, “and keep the cloth damp.”
“That sounds like an awful waste of water,” Tevvy said, “water that could be drunk, rather than dumped over one’s head to evaporate.”
“The evaporation,” Blakstar replied, “is what keeps you cool.”
“We will also need,” Thal went on, “some kind of shield, to protect us from flame spouts, if, as Tevvy believes, we are assaulted in that way.  I can create a shield, but, like Klaybear, it will not be very powerful, or proof against all.”
“Do you think there might be something here that will help us?” Blakstar asked.  “Extra filled waterskins would be helpful.”
“The extra containers would be enough,” Klaybear said.  “We kailum work many of our ortheks using the element of water, so I can create as much as we need, at least until I run out of energy.”
Blakstar went and opened the crate next to the one that had Klaybear’s armor and weapon.  The others followed.  The kortexi lifted up several empty, canvas water bags and handed them to Klaybear.
Klaybear took them, one eyebrow rising.  He examined them carefully, and was surprised to find that they looked newly made.  “How is it possible,” he noted, holding up one of the bags, “that this could survive three and a half millennia and still look brand new?”
“Not only that,” Tevvy added, “how would any of this stuff still be here, if others have tried to enter the tomb?  We saw the signs in the earth realm that someone had died there.”
Thal shrugged.  “It is a one way trip,” he said, “the only way out, once you enter, is with the staff.”
Blakstar pulled a small crystal vial from the crate and held it up for the others to see.  “What’s this?” he asked, looking closely at the vial, then handing it to the maghi.
Thal took it, then he smiled, handing it to Klaybear.  “Will this help?” he asked.
Klaybear looked at the vial, then shook his head.  “Do you have any idea how much this would cost?  There’s more here than I have ever seen, and if we sold it, we could all live comfortably for the rest of our lives.”  He slipped the vial into one of his pockets; Tevvy was eyeing him closely.
Blakstar was watching the awemi, watching Klaybear.  “If it goes missing . . . ,” the kortexi said, glaring at Tevvy, but not finishing his thought.
Tevvy jerked his eyes away, looking at the kortexi.  “I had no such thought,” he noted, looking away quickly.
“Well, that will enable me to cast the protection orthek,” Klaybear said, turning the subject back to what they were about to do, “until I run out of energy.”
“There are several small bottles in here,” Blakstar said, having turned from glaring at Tevvy back to the crate.  He picked up one of the small bottles and passed it to Thal.
Thal took it, his breath hissing past his teeth as he touched it.  He transferred it to his other hand, using his sleeve to hold it.  “It is icy cold,” he noted, seeing the others looking at him.  He held it up to look at the symbols on its label.  He smiled widely as he read the symbols, “potopator ghwerpuri,” he said, “a potion of heat protection; there is only one white maghi who could create such a potion today.”  He looked at Blakstar.  “How many are there?”
“It looks like enough for two each,” Blakstar replied.
Thal shook his head.  “Another fortune,” he noted, “if we sold them.”  He slipped the small bottle into his belt pouch, along with the second Blakstar handed him.  The others also took their portion of the small bottles.
“How long will these last?” Klaybear asked.
“Depends on how potent each one is,” Thal replied, “an hour, maybe longer.”
“Now we just need some cloth,” Blakstar said, reaching again into the crate.  He shifted things around for a moment, then pulled out a bundle of thick, white cloth.  “This is the kind of material used for towels,” he noted, “it should work quite well.”  He passed the bundle to Klaybear, who found, when he opened the bundle, four hoods--one of them smaller--that they could throw over their heads, with bands sewn on the inside of the hoods at neck level to hold them in place.  Klaybear handed the smaller one to Tevvy, one each to Blakstar and Thal, and threw the last one over his head, tying it in place.
“Hold up the water bags,” Klaybear said, taking his staff out.  Blakstar held up two bags, and Klaybear touched each with his staff and said, “kreyakwa.”  Each bag suddenly filled.
Blakstar slung the two bags crosswise over his shoulders, with each bag hanging under his arms at waist level.  He then held out the remaining bag, which Klaybear filled, then slung over his shoulder.  The kailu touched each hood, whispered the same word, and each hood was suddenly drenched in water.  He nodded to Thal.
The white maghi turned to the arch and touched the fire symbol, with a glowing finger, bringing the archway to life for the second time.
Klaybear took the small bottle of argwiwo from his belt and handed it to Thal.  “Open it and hold it up for me,” he said, and waited until Thal opened the bottle.  He took the small dropper out, and put one drop on each person’s head, beneath the hood, including his own.  He touched the spot of argwiwo on each head, and said, “nemfagelu.”
Tevvy shivered.  “That’s cold!” he exclaimed.
“It won’t be as soon as we step through that archway,” Blakstar noted.
They stepped from cool darkness into a furnace, lit with red light, the air so thick with heat that breathing was painful, walking difficult.  The water dripping from their hoods hissed and turned to steam as soon as it touched the blackened stones beneath their feet.  Tevvy danced from one foot to another, digging frantically in his pack for a moment before removing a pair of thick leather-soled sandals.  However, he could not stand on one foot long enough to get one sandal on the other foot.  The kortexi, seeing Tevvy’s plight, lifted the awemi off of the ground and held him in the air until Tevvy managed to tie on his sandals.  Blakstar set him back on his feet.
“Thanks,” Tevvy whispered, his voice echoing dully.
The kortexi nodded, but refrained from speaking.
They stood on a small, round, stone area, surrounded by what looked like a cross between liquid fire and molten rock, flames dancing across the surface.  The heat haze made it difficult to see very far, but a raised stone pathway extended as far as they could see.  Blakstar nodded toward the pathway, and Tevvy moved down it, scanning the stones in front of him before stepping forward.  The others followed.
“Now I understand,” Klaybear said to Thal.
Thal gave him a questioning look, but refrained from speaking.
“What Rokwolf meant,” Klaybear replied, “when he described traveling through the Desert of Thruplar, beyond the Skergrut Escarpment, as trying to walk through water about to boil.”
Thal smiled and nodded.
They trudged forward in silence, each withdrawn into himself.  After ten minutes, the water dried from their hoods, and Blakstar took one of the water bags he carried, pouring some over Tevvy’s hood, until the water dripped, splashing to the black stones, turning instantly to steam.  He did the same for Klaybear, Thal, and then himself, which virtually emptied the water bag.  He slung it over his shoulder, each drank from his personal waterskin, and they trudged forward again.  Five minutes later, Klaybear’s orthek expired, so they stopped, and he renewed the orthek, and each drank.  The path never varied, never ended, moving inexorably forward through the heat and bubbling flames.  Five minutes later, they stopped and Blakstar emptied the second water bag over their heads; ten minutes after that, their hoods dried again and the orthek expired.  Klaybear handed the third water bag to Blakstar, who started pouring, while Klaybear renewed his orthek.  They paused for a moment when these actions were done, so that Klaybear could refill the water bags and each person’s waterskin.  These actions became a monotonous routine: empty a water bag, take a drink, renew the orthek, another drink, empty a second water bag, drink, orthek, third water bag, drink, refill, first bag, drink, orthek, drink, second, drink, third, orthek, drink, refill, the path never varied, going straight on, four times through this routine, the path went on, five times, stumbling forward, six times, Tevvy fell forward, burning his hands on the stones; Blakstar lifted him, helped him to drink; seven times, and Thal stumbled, helped up by Klaybear; Klaybear collapsed after refilling the bags; Blakstar and Thal helped him to his feet; Blakstar tripped, nearly stumbling off the path into the bubbling, liquid flame; eight times, and Klaybear could no longer produce water or renew the orthek.
“It’s time,” Thal croaked, “to use our first potion.”
The others nodded, and each took out one of the small bottles, which were still ice cold, and each drank eagerly.  The temperature around them seemed to drop, and the environment became tolerable.  Klaybear was then able to refill the water bags and skins.  They moved forward again, strength renewed by the icy cold potion, the water soaking their hoods evaporated more slowly while the potion was effective, lengthening the time to fifteen minutes.  After the third drenching of their hoods, and Klaybear refilling their bags and skins, the effects of the potion began to wear off, and they began again to stumble forward.  They returned to their previous routine, first water bag, drink, renew orthek, drink, second water bag, drink, third, drink, orthek, refill, but this happened only twice before Klaybear was again unable to produce more water.  The path continued forward, lost in the heat haze, with no end in sight.  They drank their second potion, which carried them forward again for an hour before expiring, and when it did, Klaybear no longer had the energy to refill their bags.  They staggered on, Tevvy soon falling down, unable to rise, even though the stone burned his hands and face.  Blakstar wearily picked the fallen awemi up and slung him over his shoulders, staggering on; Thal stumbled, falling forward into Klaybear, who turned to lift him, pulled one arm over his shoulder, and staggered on; Tevvy, limp, Thal wheezing in Klaybear’s ear, the two stronger wethem staggering forward under the added burden, wringing drops out of empty waterskins, staggering, tripping, bumping into Blakstar, both falling to the stone.
The air felt suddenly cooler, although still oppressive; the stone under them did not burn.  Klaybear pushed himself up and saw that they were on a large circle of stone, which explained why they felt cooler.  He shook Thal, who managed to get to his hands and knees, and they both crawled forward to where Blakstar lay with Tevvy on his back, shaking him.  They looked up, hearing a croaking sound.
“Water,” the voice croaked, “please, water.”
They saw what looked like a bundle of rags, a red-skinned arm reaching toward them.  They crawled toward the fallen wethi, Tevvy slipping from Blakstar’s back as they reached the fallen person.
“Help me,” the voice croaked, and the face was red, barely recognizable as a man.  “Water,” he croaked again.
They looked from the fallen man, to their fallen companion, who did not move, but appeared to be in a similar state.
“Please,” the voice from the fallen man croaked, “one last drink to ease my passing,” he implored.
They looked from one to another, and Blakstar reached for the only water left, the Waters of Life.  “There is only one swallow left,” he said, taking the special skin from his belt.
“You should give that to Tevvy,” Thal whispered, barely able to speak.
Blakstar shook his head.  “This man’s condition is worse,” he rasped, “his need greater.”
“But he’s about to die,” Thal protested.
“We are all about to die,” Blakstar countered sharply, “and the kortexi code is clear: I must help him, although it costs me my all,” he corrected himself, “costs all our lives.”
Klaybear nodded, constrained by his own code of conduct.
The kortexi pulled out the stopper and poured the last few drops of the Waters into the wethi’s open, parched mouth.  For a moment, his skin color reverted to normal, his breathing eased, his eyes cleared, and he looked straight into Blakstar’s eyes.  “Thank you, lord,” he whispered.  “Your sacrifice will not go unrewarded.”  With a sigh, the wethi went limp, his life spent.
Wordlessly, Blakstar struggled to stand and lift the lifeless, nameless wethi.  The kortexi staggered toward the nearest edge of the stone circle, lifting the body over his head and hurling it into the bubbling, flaming liquid.  They heard a slap as it hit the liquid flame, heard it hissing and sizzling as the flames consumed it.  Blakstar watched for a moment, then turned to his companions where they lay at the center of the circle.
“Let the heat and flames that have taken his life, cleanse and purify his remains,” Blakstar whispered, staggering closer to where the others were, but he stumbled before he reached them, fell to his knees, stretched his hand toward them, and fell on his face.
Thal groaned and slumped next to Tevvy.
Klaybear turned his head, and he saw that all of his companions were still.  He cradled his head on one of his arms.  “Oh, Klare, I’m sorry,” he sighed.

Rokwolf was uneasy; it was too quiet.  Although he had watched over Klare through the night, making frequent sweeps around the area to be sure no one was nearby, he still felt a threat approaching, but he could not decide what it might be, or where it was coming from.  He looked down at Klare, whose eyes were red and face streaked with dried tears.  Her sister and mother lay beside her, unmoving for most of the night, but there were moments when her sister stirred in her sleep, as if she were struggling against something; her mouth worked, but she spoke no words, as if something prevented her from speaking.  Rokwolf wanted to move from here, but Klare’s mother had not stabilized, Klare had told him, enough to be moved.  Rokwolf ground his teeth and occupied the time between sweeps dragging the bodies to one of the buildings that had fallen, where they could all be burned together.
“Any change?” Rokwolf asked Klare, kneeling beside her.
Klare looked up, but did not answer right away.  “No, no change,” she said after a few moments.  “She is still . . . ,” Klare faltered, unable to continue.
Rokwolf put one hand gently on her shoulder.  “Klaybear told me that you were the best young healer at the school,” he spoke in a gentle voice, “and I can see that you have done all that could be done: it is in the hands of the One.”
Klare looked up at her brother-in-law and smiled weakly.  “Thanks,” she said, “it’s just that . . . ,” she started to say, but bowed her head and sobbed, “I never had the chance to tell her that she’s going to be a grandmother,” she finished, burying her face in her hands, her body wracked with sobs she could not control.
Rokwolf wrapped his arms around her and held her until her sobs subsided.
Klare sniffed and wiped her eyes.  “Sorry,” she noted.  “Anything?” she asked.
Rokwolf shook his head.  “No,” he said, eyes scanning the area around them, “but there is something, some threat approaching.  We cannot remain here much longer.”
Klare nodded.  “I know,” she agreed, “but we should wait a little longer before we try to move mother,” she added, looking down.  “I wonder how long Klaybear will be gone,” she finished, turning to look to the north.  “I was a little worried when that big wave crashed into the shore and the ground shook, but now I feel he is fine.”
Rokwolf followed her gaze, also looking north.  “I’m glad you think so,” he said.  “I am concerned about them; they are not experienced, and that worries me.  I shared my concerns with your Headmaster, suggested that I should go with them, but he told me that if I did, they would fail.”
Klare touched his arm lightly, bringing his eyes back to look at her.  “I’m sure he had very good reasons.  I think he was the wisest person living, except for my master,” she said, and her face became bleak, eyes filling with tears.  “Oh, Avril!  I’d forgotten!” she sobbed, bowing her head again.
“What did you forget?” Rokwolf asked.
“My master,” Klare replied, “he died yesterday, but it seems like long ago, or that he’s not dead.”  She sniffed and shook her head.  “No!  I must not, mother needs me,” she went on, looking down at her charges.  “I have no time for grief,” she finished, dashing the tears from her eyes.
Both looked up and to the east.
“What . . . ?” Klare started to say, but Rokwolf silenced her.
He scanned the east, trying to find the source of the sound they both had heard.  He stood silently and unslung his bow, nocking an arrow.  Klare reached with her right hand and grabbed her staff, which had been lying beside her on the ground; as silently and smoothly as Rokwolf, she stood and faced the east, holding her staff ready.  Seeing her standing ready, Rokwolf nodded to the east, indicating he was going to investigate, then he moved swiftly and silently, eyes taking in everything.  He disappeared around the corner of a fallen building, making a sweep of the area but finding nothing; he returned shaking his head but did not speak until close to Klare.
“There was something,” Rokwolf whispered, “I am sure, but I cannot find who or what it was, or any traces.”  He nodded to Klare’s mother and sister.  “Is there any way we can move her?” he asked.  “We are too exposed here,” he added, “we have to find some cover, before whatever is out there discovers us.”
Klare looked at her mother, then looked around.  “Maybe if you found something flat,” she noted, “like a wide plank; we could slide her onto it and move her, but we dare not go very far.”
Rokwolf looked around.  “I’ll find something,” he noted.  “There is space in the cellar, if we could get them in there, you could stay there with them, out of sight, and I could draw whatever is out there away from you, erasing all traces of your presence.”  He stood and slung his bow over his shoulder, sliding the arrow back into his quiver.  He circled the rubble, then remembered the door he and Klaybear pulled off of the cellar entrance; it was bulky, but he was sure he could drag it with Klare’s mother on it.  He carried it back to where Klare waited, laying next to Klare’s mother.  He knelt beside Klare, across the cellar door from Klare’s mother.
“If we pull by the clothes she is lying on,” Klare said, “we should be able to slide her carefully onto the door.”
Rokwolf nodded, and they both took hold of her clothes.  When Klare nodded, they slowly slid her mother onto the door, which caused her to wince in pain.
“Careful!” Klare said needlessly, and she moved to the end of the door, at her mother’s feet.
“What are you doing?” Rokwolf asked.  “I think it is too heavy for you.”
“How do you plan on moving her?” Klare asked.
Rokwolf shrugged.  “I’ll pick up one end and drag it around back.”
“You must not,” Klare replied, shaking her head.  “Her condition is too fragile; one bump would kill her.”
“I don’t think you can lift it,” Rokwolf noted.
“I’ll have to try,” Klare said.
Rokwolf squatted to lift his end; Klare did the same, lifting when he nodded.  He lifted his side easily, but he could tell that Klare was struggling with her side.
“Are you okay, Klare?” Rokwolf whispered.
Klare nodded.  “I can’t go far,” she replied through clenched teeth.
Rokwolf started to back in the direction of the cellar, looking behind him and looking back at Klare.  He could tell after a few steps that it was too much for Klare at this point: the strain of several hard days, losing her master, and now her father and brothers, and no sleep through the past night had all taken a toll on her.  On a normal day, he knew that she would have no trouble, but this was not a normal day.  A few more steps and he could see her fingers slipping.
“Set it down before you drop it,” Rokwolf said, stopping and squatting slowly.
Klare gasped as it touched the ground, wiping the sweat from her eyes.
Rokwolf looked at her and thought for a moment as she caught her breath.  “I have an idea,” he said when her breathing slowed.  “I think we should save your strength to help me get her down into the cellar.  I can carry her by myself.”
“How?” she asked, skeptical.
“On my back,” he replied.  “Your mother is not that heavy, so if you can help me get the door onto my back, and then you can steady it as I move her.”
Klare looked down at her mother lying on the door.  “How can you get this onto your back?  I cannot lift it there.”
Rokwolf shook his head, slipping bow and quiver off his shoulders and setting them on the ground.  “No, but you can hold up one end, allowing me to get under it.”
Klare again looked skeptical, but did not speak.
Rokwolf lifted his end, holding it at waist height.  “Come and hold it up,” he said, and she came to his end and took one corner.  He slipped under it on his knees, putting his back against the door.  “Let it down,” he said, putting his arms and hands over his shoulders and behind his head, gripping the edge of the door.  “If you would lift and steady the other end, I will get to my feet and start to move.”
“Ready,” she said and lifted her end slowly, and Rokwolf got slowly to his feet.  They started to move toward the cellar.
“Are you okay?” Klare asked softly.
“Fine,” Rokwolf replied.  “It is easy, once it is on my back and I am on my feet.”
They moved around the house to the back, stopping when they came to the cellar entrance.
“We’ll set it down the same way,” Rokwolf said, “steady it while I kneel, then set your end on the ground, then come to my end and lift it off my back while I get out from under it.”
As Rokwolf started to kneel, they heard a muffled scream from the front of the house.
“Jally!” Klare exclaimed, turning to look and losing her grip on the door.
Rokwolf had made it to one knee, and the door tilted to that side, and Klare’s mother started to slide.  The scream came again, louder and more frantic.  Rokwolf could tell by the shifting of the weight that something was wrong, so he tried to compensate dropping the arm opposite the leg kneeling.  His sudden movement stopped the body from falling off that side, but then it slid the other way, too quickly for him to compensate.  He flattened himself to the ground, shortening the distance to the ground.
“Klare!” Rokwolf exclaimed, hoping that she would see and stop her mother from falling off, further injuring her.
“No!” Klare exclaimed, rolling her mother onto her side; her hands glowed green, as she passed them over her mother’s body.
“What was the scream?” Rokwolf asked, heaving the door aside.
“My sister’s run off,” Klare said, a note of panic in her voice, “go after her!”
Rokwolf jumped to his feet and ran off, pausing to pick up his quiver and bow, slinging the quiver over his shoulder then nocking an arrow.  A quick glance over the ground told him what he needed to know: the direction she had gone, running toward the central square of the village.  He darted between the wrecked buildings, following her tracks while at the same time looking for enemies; something had awakened and frightened her into running.  As he came around the last building before the square, he caught a glimpse of something lying face down about ten yards from the buildings.  In an instant, he dove to the left and rolled, hearing something hiss past through the place he had been a moment before.  Flattening himself against the wall out of sight of the village square, he heard the missile strike something hard, turned toward the sound, and saw a crossbow bolt quivering in a beam that had fallen from the building next to him.  He turned the other way, back to the square, and could see that Klare’s sister lay motionless on the ground, bloody, steel-tipped bolt sticking out of her back.  From its position and angle, he knew there was no hope.  He cursed under his breath: this was all Klare needed, another death of a family member, and from what he had seen before he left Klare, he suspected that her mother would not survive much longer.  He looked back at the now still bolt, imagined where Klare’s sister must have been hit, then looked back along what must have been the trajectory of both bolts.  On the opposite side of the square, there was a two story building, still standing, the two windows on the second floor were broken, but he could not see anything in the dim light just before dawn.  He scanned the area around the building, and as his eyes searched, he heard voices, the sounds of scraping wood and tinkling masonry, of things being shifted in the rubble.
“Looters,” Rokwolf whispered to himself, and he hoped he was right, that it was not another army of ghelem and purem, looking for them.  For a moment, he listened to the sounds; it could not be more of Gar’s servants sent to capture them.  For one thing was certain, they would not make so much noise, especially if they knew there were enemies about.  He could not move; the space between these two buildings was in clear view of the windows, and he did not know which one concealed the archer, maybe both.  He looked at the building next to him; there was the wall across from him, partially standing.  If there were something there he could disturb, he might be able to distract the invisible archer long enough that he could get back to Klare before others found her, since he knew there had to be others nearby.  He could see nothing in the next building, but just beyond it, he saw a chunk of ceiling plaster, maybe two feet square, dangling from a beam.  He slipped the arrow he had nocked back into the quiver, slung his bow over his shoulder, and grabbed a shard of pottery from the ground.  He took careful aim, then lobbed the piece of a broken pot toward the dangling plaster.  He watched the shard fly toward its target, ready to spring as soon as something happened.  The shard hit the dangling plaster, knocking it free; it struck the ground with a resounding crash, and Rokwolf leapt out of the shadows, zig-zagging his way across the open area.  He almost stopped when he heard more crashing behind him, as more of the building had fallen.  He darted out of sight of the central square, running back to where Klare was.  He arrived out of breath, and pulled up short when he saw Klare’s face turn toward him, eyes red, face streaked with tears, and he knew that her mother had died.  He knelt beside her, laying one hand upon her shoulder.
“I’m so sorry,” Rokwolf croaked, then he went on before she could say or do anything.  “There are looters in the village,” he said, “we have to take the horses and get out of here before they find us.”
“What about my sister?” Klare sobbed.  “Where is she?”
“They killed her when she entered the square,” he replied, “and nearly killed me.  We’ve got to go.”
“I can’t leave my mother here, unburied,” she sobbed, “unmourned.”  Her face was hollow, filled with grief.
Rokwolf looked into her eyes, thinking hard.  “We’ll put her body in the cellar, then set fire to the ruins, then no one can desecrate her body or your home.”
Klare’s eyes filled again with tears; she choked back her sobs, nodding.
Rokwolf gently lifted her mother’s lifeless body, descending the stairs into the cellar.  Moments later, he emerged, carrying a golden chain and locket, and handing it to Klare.  Klare took it, looked at it for a moment in her open hand, then her hand closed tightly over it.  She looked around.
“I think I lost my staff,” she noted, her voice tight and unnatural.
Rokwolf jogged back to where Klare had spent the night, kneeling beside her mother, and returned holding her staff.  She accepted it from him and turned to face the ruins of her home, holding up her staff.
“Stalna-kailigater,” she said in a firm voice, and pointed her staff at the ruins of her family home.  From somewhere high overhead, a beam of green fire descended, striking the ruins, and setting all of the rubble on fire at once.  Rokwolf covered his eyes until Klare released the orthek.  She started to slump, but Rokwolf caught her in his arms, lifted her, and carried her toward the place where their horses were tethered, shedding tears of sympathy, knowing exactly how it felt to lose one’s parents.

Chapter 11

The best way to defeat an aperu is to avoid it, although this tactic is not always possible. . . .  Never attack an aperu with less than an entire company, deployed to surround the beast and attack from all sides at once, with maghem and kailum ready to protect against its breath; even with this approach, casualties will be high.  Pray to the One that one of its fellows does not come to its rescue, for if one does, the aperum will triumph. . . .

from the seklesi Manual of Enemies, origin unknown

The army of seklesem jogged through the night, stopping at sunrise to rest for a few hours before climbing into the Mountains of the Fallen Star on their way to rescue Shigmar.  At sunrise, they crossed the Krystal River at the ford of Reema, making a temporary camp in the narrow valley between the river and the mountains.  A scouting party left as soon as the army stopped, going north to check the narrow pass that would lead them to the besieged city of the kailum.  Marilee, once she had established a camp for her squad, led Delgart back to the ford.
“Why is it called the Crossing of Reema?” Delgart asked as they walked among the camps toward the ford.
“I keep forgetting that you spent the last ten years a slave to pirates,” Marilee noted before answering his question.  “There is much we need to teach you, so that your knowledge of the land is as great as your skill with the sword.”
“I am amazed that you learned so much, as a slave,” Grelsor put in.  Grelsor was the son of Ghelvon, who was the Master of Fighting Arts on the council of Shigmar; he was almost an exact duplicate of his father, bulky and strong, short black hair sticking like wire out of his round head with cherub-like face.  He was a kailu attached to Marilee’s squad.  “How did you learn to wield a sword while a slave?”
“I was first a galley slave,” Delgart replied to Grelsor, “and the pirate cook was lazy, and he would beat his slaves if they failed to prepare meals that pleased the captain and crew.  I saw at once that something needed to be done, so I organized the galley slaves, in order to avoid punishment.  The cook saw immediately my value and put me in charge of his slaves; he had to do little work and got all the credit from the captain.  After a year, he bragged to the captain about how good I was; the captain was suspicious of the cook, so he came and observed our preparations, watching me, I later learned.  He was so impressed by the way I directed the galley slaves that he took me from the cook for his own.  The captain trained me in all operations of the ship, then placed me in charge of all the slaves, used me to create duty schedules and manage most of the ship’s operations.  He was not a cruel man, but a rigorous and demanding master, so I learned much from him, including weapons and fighting.  For many years I was in this position, but there were members of the crew who were not happy with his choices, and who grumbled that a slave was telling them what to do.  I warned him several times of this, but he felt secure in his position and did not heed my warnings.”  Delgart paused, his face becoming bleak.
“What happened?” Marilee asked.
“They killed him,” Grelsor put in, “didn’t they?”
Delgart nodded.  “They put me in the hold, manning the oars, and in the bilges, manning the pumps, on short rations.  I nearly died, but in my moment of extremity, I thought I saw my father.  He came to me in this vision, told me I had to hold on a little longer, and that I would rise to a level of greatness beyond my wildest dreams.  I protested that I could not, would not, survive.  He replied that, although a slave, I was in control of my destiny.  I was so angered by his words that my anger forced me to go on, enabling me to survive.  His words often came back to me, but several months passed before I finally understood what he meant: I could not choose how I was treated, but I could choose my response to it, my attitude, and in my misery, I smiled.  My captors sensed this change in me, and, fearing that I might incite a rebellion, took me off the benches and locked me in the bilges, manning the pumps to isolate me from the other slaves; they only brought me out one time, during the storm that wrecked the ship, and put me back on the benches.  I was the only one who survived the wreck–I survived in spite of all they did.”  He stopped speaking and shook his head.  “You still haven’t answered my question.”
They were standing next to the ford.  Marilee looked horrified by his story, but recovered quickly.
“Your tale put your question out of my mind,” Marilee said, apologetically.
“That is my fault,” Grelsor noted.  “I am still amazed at how well you wield weapons, and that you would be sent into the field immediately following testing.  There is normally a time of training with the uwonti before seklesem are sent into the field.”
Delgart exchanged a quick look with Marilee before Marilee replied.  “I was told that his age and his abilities made the decision to send him into the field, rather than keep him in Holvar for training,” Marilee replied, only glancing at Grelsor once as she spoke.
Delgart raised an eyebrow, but did not mention his own suspicions, thinking that their superiors had good reasons for withholding the whole story.  Both kept their faces covered, hiding their disfiguring scars.  Taking a cue from her, he did not mention what had happened to them both.
“I’m sure there were other reasons,” Marilee went on, “but they did not share any of them with me.”
Grelsor nodded.  He pointed across the ford to the other side.  “That mound is the burial site for those who died in the battle here, two-and-a-half millennia in the past.  And on this side,” he pointed to a spot to the north of the ford, “is the place where the purem and ghelem who died here were burned.”
Marilee nodded and took up the story.  “The ford was named after the merchant who discovered it, in the fourth century of the first millennium, atno 456, Reema.  She wanted to trade with the kailum of Shigmar, so she came north from Rykelle and discovered the ford and a narrow mountain pass that led into the valley surrounding Shigmar.  In the beginning of the second millennium, atno 1007 as I recall, the path, only wide enough for a single rider or pack animal, was widened to a wagon road, making it easier to trade with the kailum and the others living in their valley.  In atno 1013, after the road was completed, several legions of Gar’s forces floated down river from the Iorn Gate, on their way to attack the city now named Holvar, taking the city by surprise and forcing the seklesem to flee north toward Shigmar.  At Reema, the kailum army arrived just in time to stop the purem and ghelem’s northward march.  The battle raged at Reema for many days until Sheldu, Headmaster of Shigmar, challenged the ponkolu leader of Gar’s forces, Raghi, to a duel.  They stood on the waters of the ford, wielding teka forces that shook the ground, until Sheldu’s staff was broken, killing him.  While Raghi was momentarily stunned by the forces released from the breaking of Sheldu’s staff, an awemi, hiding in the rocks at the edge of the ford, darted forward and leapt upon Raghi’s back, slitting the ponkolu’s throat.  Raghi’s blood covered the awemi, incinerating both.  The fall of their leader in their moment of victory disheartened Gar’s hoards, and they were driven back and slaughtered; only a few escaped to bring tidings to Gar.  The Krystal River ran black for months, because of the blood spilled during the battle.”  Marilee sighed and looked into the distance.
“The ford was renamed,” Grelsor went on, “to honor the many who had fallen in battle.  But that is not the whole story: a group of purem and ghelem left the main group before the attack on Holvar and took the city of Komfleu, northwest in the Medyoake River valley.  In the midst of raising the cairn over those who had fallen here, a messenger, who had been sent to Komfleu, returned to report.  The people of Komfleu would not believe that the purem and ghelem were attacking, so refused to send any aid to the Fereghen.  The messenger was driven from Komfleu, and had to travel far to the north to avoid Gar’s forces sent against Komfleu.  He knew that the city had fallen, being unprepared for the attack.  The survivors held a council, and many argued that the people of Komfleu should be left to their fate for refusing to send aid.  Wulfrik, the Fereghen, although wounded, rose from his bed; all in the tent fell silent.  He gave an immortal speech of liberty, asserting that as Komfleu was part of his realm, he would free them from the oppression of Gar, in spite of their refusal to send aid.  All assembled in the tent were moved by the simple eloquence of Wulfrik’s speech, and they agreed to gather what forces remained and were healthy to go to the aid of Komfleu.  The city was easily retaken, and the leaders were tried for willful rebellion against the Fereghen.  New leaders were appointed by the people, and all in the city reaffirmed their loyalty to the Fereghen.  However, as soon as the liberating forces were out of sight, the people and their leaders returned to their previous attitude, which still holds sway down to this day.”
“How do you know?” Delgart asked.
“Because my family was driven from Komfleu,” Grelsor replied, smiling wryly, “when I was very young.”
Marilee nodded.  “My family also lived in Komfleu, for a time,” she added, “but my father moved us when he could see that the people were content with what they had and were: average non-achievers.”
“We get the word, ‘mediocre,’ from there,” Grelsor said, “from the name of the river, ‘Medyoake,’ which means ‘in the middle of the oaks,’ a description of the valley where the two rivers meet at Komfleu, which is ‘confluence,’ and the people are content to be ‘lost in the middle of the oaks.’”
Delgart shook his head slowly.  “It is very sad,” he noted, “that people could be so blinded . . . ,” but what he thought was lost in an alarm bell that suddenly rang out.  All their heads turned north in the direction of the bell, and the moment of silence immediately following the bell was rent by a roaring sound, coming from the same direction.
“Aperu!” Marilee exclaimed, “back to the others, quickly!”  She ran back the way they had come; Grelsor and Delgart followed, running through the organized chaos of their camp toward their own squad’s place among the other squads of the Third Legion’s Eighth Company.  Delgart noticed that both Marilee and Grelsor were looking, as they ran, in the direction the alarm and roar came from.
“What color?” Grelsor hissed to himself.
Then Delgart saw what he meant and what they were both watching for: a ball of red light shot straight into the air, and he heard both speak at the same time.  “A red, which means fire breath.”  Marilee unslung her bow and nocked an arrow; Grelsor took a small crystal vial from his belt filled with a silvery substance and, as they were running, put a drop on Marilee’s head and mumbled, “nemfagelu.”
“Take out your shield, Delgart,” Marilee said while Grelsor put a drop on Delgart’s head and mumbled the same word.  Delgart felt himself surrounded by cold; he shivered and looked a question at Grelsor.
“Fire protection,” he noted, “to help protect us against the aperu’s breath.”  He put a drop on his own head and mumbled, “nemfagelu.”
“The two maghem and the other kailu,” Marilee said, “are currently protecting the rest of our squad.  When we return, we will form a diamond, with the maghem and kailum dispersed among us, half the squad with shields, the other half ready to shoot at the aperu as it flies over our camp.”
“We kailum” Grelsor added, “will reinforce the physical shields to help protect us from attacks, giving the archers opportunity to aim and fire at the aperu.  The two maghem will also shoot ortheks at the aperu.”
Delgart could see other squads as they ran through their camp, doing exactly as Marilee and Grelsor described.  They were near their own squad and could see them forming up, Marilee’s second, Rellik, organizing the squad while watching for Marilee to return.
“Ready?” she asked, as they ran up.
Rellik nodded.  “Just waiting for you to put in an appearance,” he said, smiling.  Rellik was of medium height and build, with reddish-brown hair that hung straight to his shoulders.
Marilee took her place at the center of the formation; Grelsor steered Delgart to a position behind Marilee’s right shoulder, Grelsor standing just behind and to her left.  Delgart looked around, then shifted his shield, holding it up and ready as he saw the other members of his squad who held shields, facing north.  Delgart turned his eyes north, trying to get a glimpse of the aperu; seconds ticked slowly by in silence, then he saw a flash of red light to his left at the valley’s head.
“There!” Tregla, who was first shield, pointed and exclaimed; the first shield was a stocky female who had limp brown hair, matching her eyes, her hair cropped short just below her ears.
Something happened then that stunned them all to momentary silence: to the west of where the red aperu attacked, a ball of yellow light shot skyward, followed immediately by a ball of orange light and a ball of blue light to the east of the original sighting.
“Yellow aperu west of north!” Rolva, third sword, exclaimed; she was wiry with an olive complexion, her hair black as midnight and tied back at the base of her neck.
“Blue aperu east of north!” Hranda, third shield, exclaimed.  She was young and lithe with blue eyes and curly blond, shoulder length hair.
“Orange aperu north-northeast!” Peltha, fourth sword, shouted, “moving our direction.”  The fourth sword was broader than the others, with thin brown hair also cropped short.
Delgart heard similar shouts echoing all around them, as the other squads took note of the new alarms.
“Track them,” Marilee noted, “so we know how to alter our preparations.”
“Aye,” Tregla, Rolva, Hranda, and Peltha replied in unison.
“Should we,” Grelsor asked, “alter our protections?”
“No,” Marilee replied, “let’s wait and see which passes over us; you can alter your shields according to which one attacks us.”
“Maybe some squad will get lucky,” Luthina, second maghi, noted wryly.  She was of medium height with brownish blonde hair and a pretty face; her gray eyes had tiny wrinkles of concern revealed when she smiled, which was seldom.
“Not on the first pass,” Marilee said with a shake of her head.
“It will take a while to break down their teka protections,” Rellik added.
“Red moving toward us,” Tregla said.
“Blue moving away,” Hranda said.
“Yellow moving away,” Rolva said.
“Orange, nearest, and moving toward us,” Peltha said.
Delgart watched, eyes darting from one aperu to another.  He could see each colored shape moving in the light of the sunrise, and the flashes of colored light, matching the particular aperu in color, issuing from what must have been the mouth of each.  He heard the shouts of the squads under attack, along with screams of pain, knowing that some of his fellow skelesem had been injured by the attacking aperum.
“What are the archers aiming at?” Delgart asked Grelsor.
“The wing joints,” Grelsor replied, “trying to disable its wings and bring it to the ground.”
“So be prepared to run at a right angle, in the direction I command,” Marilee noted, her eyes still watching the sky.
“If it looks like it will crash directly on our position,” Grelsor added, “and the command is simply, ‘scatter’, then you go right with Marilee while I will go left.”
“And after it hits the ground?” Delgart asks.
“The archers will aim for its eyes, trying to blind it,” Grelsor replied, “the shields try and get close enough to strike at it with swords.  Watch out for the tail, especially on the orange and the yellow, as both have poisoned spikes.  So the shields only close with it when it is distracted by others.  If we can surround it, we can usually keep it distracted, turning this way and that, giving the shields time to dart in and strike.”
“Watch for its head, too,” Marilee added, “it can still breathe on us.  If its head points toward you, fall back and try to cover the archers.”
“How do we kill it?” Delgart asked, but was interrupted by those tracking the aperum.
“Red turning away,” Tregla said.
“Blue turning toward us, but still distant,” Hranda said.
“Orange turning away,” Peltha said.
“Yellow turning toward us, but distant,” Rolva said.
“We do enough damage to it,” Grelsor replied, “that it collapses.”
“That could take a long time,” Delgart noted, “and many of us could suffer serious injury.”
Grelsor nodded.
“Is there a faster way?” Delgart asked.
“There is,” Grelsor replied, “but only a fool, or a hero, would try that way.”
“What is it?” Delgart asked.
“Simply run onto its back, and drive your sword to the hilt at the point where its neck meets its wings,” Grelsor said.
“And pray to the One your sword severs its spine,” Marilee added, “before its tail crushes you.”
Delgart could now make out the shape of the nearest aperu, looking like a lizard flying on bat-like wings, and he could see the ortheks cast by each squad’s maghem at the attacking aperum.  He could see the orange swerve as blue bolts of power shot toward it.  He saw red bolts streaking toward the blue, which also swerved to avoid the bolts of power.  The other two aperum were still too far away to see more than flashes of light, but he could see that they, like the two which were closer, were breathing on the seklesem they passed over.
“Is it my imagination,” Grelsor noted, “or does it look like the aperum are looking for something?”
“Orange turning this way, bearing down on us!” Peltha exclaimed.
“Blue turning away,” Hranda said.
“Red turning toward us, but distant,” Tregla said.
“Yellow turning away,” Rolva said.
“Change our protection,” Marilee said.
Each of the two maghem and two kailum touched those nearest and around her or him with rod or staff.  Grelsor touched his staff to Marilee first, mumbling “patorake,” and then he touched Delgart and mumbled the word, then Rellik, then Rolva, then Kreega, the third scout, who was a thin, small wetha, her long brown hair braided down her back.  When Grelsor touched him, Delgart felt as if he were surrounded by something cool and slick.
“Ready stone shield,” Marilee said, “but do not raise it unless you are sure the orange is about to breathe on us, so the archers and the maghem have time to attack.”
“On my word,” Grelsor said.
“Ready,” Lidelle replied.  The second kailu was tall and thin, with hawk-like features beneath a cap of thin black hair, spotted with gray.
The orange roared suddenly, a deep bubbling sound, then dove toward them.
“Orange diving toward us!” Peltha exclaimed.
“Blue turning this way!” Hranda shouted.
“Red turning this way!” Tregla exclaimed at the same time.
“Yellow turning this way!” Rolva also shouted.
“Archers ready,” Marilee said, pulling the feathered end to her cheek, taking careful aim, and shouting, “loose!”
Bowstrings thrummed in unison; two bolts of blue light shot from the upraised rods of the maghem, following their shouting, in unison, “pleugikel!”  For an instant, they thought that their missiles had some effect upon the orange, as its pulled up, slowing its forward motion, but then they realized it was preparing to land on the piece of ground they occupied, talons opened wide to grasp and crush any too slow at getting out of the way.
“Scatter!” Marilee shouted, leaping to her right.
Grelsor had opened his mouth to signal Lidelle, but moved with his half of the squad to the left. holding his staff behind him and shouting, “plakaskoit!”  Lidelle mirrored Grelsor’s actions, shouting the same word and raising the same shield to protect his half of the squad.  The ground shook as the orange landed, and the aperu moved its head left, breathing a stream of acid on Marilee’s half of the squad, but Lidelle’s shield did its job, sending the stream of acid bouncing back at the orange.  The grass between Lidelle’s shield and the aperu smoked and turned instantly black.  Lidelle dropped his shield as the aperu turned toward their half of the squad.
“Archers!” Marilee shouted, nocking an arrow and raising her bow.  “Loose at will!”
“Ware the tail!” Rellik shouted from behind the orange.  “Shields, attack as you can!”
Delgart drew his sword, and heard his fellow shields do the same; the arrows loosed only bounced off the aperu’s thick, scaly hide.  A loud thud, followed by a scream of agony, came from behind the orange, and Delgart knew one of his fellows had been struck by the orange’s tail with its poisoned barbs.  The orange threw back it head and roared in pain; its tail thrashed violently, and someone else behind the orange screamed.  Delgart heard commands from around their position, and he knew that other squads of the Eighth Company were moving to aid them.
“Blue diving!” someone shouted from behind the orange.
At the same time, horns rang out from the north, signaling an attack and call to aid, but the squads on the right flank had their hands full, with one aperu on the ground, one diving, the other two still flying but closing on their position.  Delgart could see past the orange to the blue that was diving to land in the space occupied by the other half of his squad.
“Scatter!” Rellik shouted.
At the same moment, the orange opened its mouth to breathe on them, and Reena, first scout and archer, loosed an arrow that found its mark in the orange’s left eye.  Instead of breathing on them, the orange screamed in agony, shaking its head wildly.  Delgart saw both the opportunity, and the urgency, of their situation, as the light in the orange’s left eye went out.  Time slowed around him as he leapt forward, brandishing his sword and slinging his shield over his left shoulder; the blue reared back, opening its talons to land and rend any seklesi too slow to get out of its way; Marilee’s shout, slow and slurred, echoed behind him.  Heedless, he ran up the orange’s foreleg and onto its back at the wing joint, whirling his sword around, point down, both hands gripping the hilt.  The orange swung its head left, feeling, rather than seeing, something climbing onto its back.  Delgart’s eyes were focused on the point Grelsor had described, and he saw the thick scales lift as the aperu twisted its neck, and he drove the blade into the orange’s neck.  The other half of the squad scattered; the squads moving to support them from that side pulled up short.  Delgart’s momentum carried him forward, over the orange, which crashed to the ground, suddenly limp, and into the face of the blue just landing.  He rolled over the fallen orange’s neck, releasing his left hand from his sword, wrenching the sword out of the orange’s neck with his right hand as he landed on his feet facing the blue, which reared back its head and opened its mouth to breathe on him.  He dropped to his knees, grabbing his shield with his left hand, holding it between him and the blue; he saw the blue, icy breath issuing from its mouth, bracing himself and hoping the heat of the orange he had just killed would moderate the cold breath about to engulf him.  Instead of going blue, the light around him turned red as he was covered with flames; he heard hissing and cracking as the blue’s icy breath crashed into the flames surrounding him.  The red light winked out, and he looked up in time to see the blue head, mouth open, moving toward him.  He rolled to his left and onto his feet and dropping his shield; turning back, he grasped his sword with both hands, swinging it over his head with as much force as he could muster.  The blue’s head struck the side of the dead orange at the same moment as Delgart’s blade cut into its neck, sheering through hide, flesh, and bone.  The headless blue body reared back, wings beating the air and flipping it onto its back.  The squads approaching from behind scrambled out of the way of the death throes of the blue.
A momentary silence fell on that part of the valley after the blue’s body stopped twitching; the seklesem, stunned by the results of Delgart’s actions, stood staring at him, but the silence that had fallen was rent by the roar of the red, diving toward Delgart, mouth open to incinerate the fool who had killed two of its comrades in seconds.
“Form up!  Shields!” echoed around him, as the squad leaders around him tried to prepare for the attack of the red.
Grelsor sprinted toward him, brandishing his staff as the flames issued from the red’s mouth.  Sliding the last distance, Grelsor held up his staff and shouted, “plotuskoit!”  At the same moment, he and Delgart were surrounded by flames and water, and their ears were filled with the sounds of hissing and steaming, but the water shield was stronger, and, although the ends of their hair burned and their clothing smoked, they were otherwise unscathed.  The red flew over them, rising and turning to the north.  But Delgart’s performance inspired the seklesem who had witnessed it to even greater effort, and the red shuddered as it turned, every arrow finding the chinks in its armored hide.  As it tilted on its left side, bringing its left wing closer to the ground to turn and fly north, the left wing joint became to the arrows as a lodestone is to iron: several arrows pierced it together, breaking the joint.  The outer half of the red’s left wing folded back; the aperu screamed in agony as its left side dipped closer to the ground.  The right wing beat frantically, trying to keep it in the air, but this only turned the aperu onto its back, just before it struck the ground.
“Scatter!” came the frantic shouts of the squad leaders to their west, as the seklesem tried to get out of the way.
The red aperu tried to right itself, but the suddenness of its overturning had confused it, so it tried to lift its head, which brought it more quickly into contact with the ground.  The head caught on the ground, and the body flipped over again, breaking the red’s neck and slapping its belly hard upon the ground with a hideous crunching sound.  The concussion knocked down the seklesem nearest to the place where the red crashed.  Before they could even take in what had happened, the scouts, who had been watching the yellow, shouted a warning.  “The yellow is upon us!” many voices exclaimed.
The yellow, however, had witnessed the fall of its three comrades, so it did not dive, but opened its mouth and let its breath escape as it passed over them, a yellow stream of smoke that sank slowly to the ground, spreading as it fell.  Its breath was, in some ways, more powerful than the breath of its comrades, for its breath poisoned the air, killing any who inhaled it.  The squad leaders shouted, “gather,” and the seklesem who were not injured lifted their fallen fellows and carried them to circle around their leaders, all squads dividing in two and grouping tightly together.  Each part of the squad included one of the kailum, who would surround each group with pure air.  Meanwhile, each maghi, one with each part, would try and conjure a gentle breath that would waft the poisonous fumes away from them.
“South!” one of the leaders shouted.
Grelsor stood with Marilee, leading Delgart back to stand beside her.  No one spoke, but all looked closely at Delgart as he passed.  Grelsor lifted his staff.  “Kweklo-kenawet-patno,” he stated firmly, and they were surrounded by the freshest, sweetest air Delgart had ever breathed.  The yellow aperu turned north, beating its wings and gaining altitude.  Hrelga held up her rod, facing north, and whispered, “gheusmelth.”  She turned and pointed her rod to the south.  A gentle wind stirred, then began to move the yellow mist hovering around them.  As other maghem used and repeated the same words and gesture, the yellow mist was carried from their midst, thinning as it mixed with the breezes conjured by the maghem.  Once the air around them cleared, the kailum released their ortheks.
Marilee rounded on Delgart.  “You fool!” she exclaimed, throwing her arms around his neck and giving him a fierce hug.  “My heart nearly stopped when you leapt forward!  I don’t know whether I should kill you for your foolishness, or kiss you for saving us!”
Delgart shrugged.  “I saw an opening and took it,” he noted.  “It is not my fault that the blue chose to stick its neck out, within easy reach of my blade.”
“Followed by the red,” Grelsor added, “not to mention the yellow.”
“And they were precisely the reasons why I acted,” Delgart said, “I could not see us surviving with four aperum attacking us at once.”
“Fool!” Marilee repeated, smiling, then she kissed his cheek.  “Don’t ever do that again,” she whispered, releasing him.  “Casualties?” she asked, looking around, becoming again business-like.
“Tregla and Guelvik,” Grelsor replied, “they were both hit by the tail and poisoned.  We have administered an antidote to each, but it only slowed the poison; both need more aid.”
Marilee nodded to her first maghi, Hrelga, a rail thin female with gray-streaked black hair bound at the nape of her neck.  “Send them back to Holvar.”
Hrelga returned her nod, moving off to where their two fallen fellows lay, Luthina in tow, the second maghi glancing back at Delgart, a strange look in her eyes that made him uncomfortable for reasons he did not comprehend.
Marilee turned to Rellik.  “Find out what the alarms were,” she said.
“No need,” Rellik said, pointing to a horseman moving their direction, “here comes our captain’s messenger.”
“Report?” Grunsle asked as she rode up; the messenger had gray hair and a stern face.
“We managed to bring down three of the four aperu,” Marilee replied, “the fourth, the yellow, flew off to the north.”
“Casualties?” Grunsle asked.
“Only two, poisoned by the orange,” Marilee replied, “and the poison has only been slowed by the antidote.  I have sent them back to Holvar.”
“The Eighth Company is forming up and flanking the enemy,” Grunsle said.  “Prepare to move on the signal.”
“Who attacks?” Marilee asked.
“The four legions to which those aperum were attached,” Grunsle replied, riding off to pass the word to the rest of the group and collect more reports.
“Form up,” Marilee said, crisply, “and prepare to move out.”
As they prepared to move, Grelsor spoke in a soft whisper, only heard by Marilee, Delgart, and Rellik.  “Those aperum were looking for us,” he noted.  “Any idea why?”
A swift looked passed between Marilee and Delgart, but Marilee shook her head.  “No idea,” she lied smoothly; Delgart kept his face relaxed.
Grelsor shook his head, turning with the rest of the squad to watch for the signal.

Chapter 12

The symbology of dreams is tricky and ever changing; attaching meaning to the symbols and figures problematic.  Many try interpreting their dreams, but dreams in my experience are best forgotten on waking. . . .

from Lectures of the Headmasters, ‘Shigmar’ Volume
Lecture by Headmaster Shigmar

A gentle sound of water falling filled Klaybear’s ears, waking him.  He inhaled deeply, smelling water, sage, and pomegranates; opening his eyes, he found himself sitting in the shade of a date palm, an empty gourd by his left arm.  Looking around, he saw more palm trees and a clear pool with a small waterfall, but the space beyond the trees was indistinct and hazy.  As he stood up, he heard the sound of someone crying, but the sound was hollow and echoed strangely, as if the person were inside a tunnel, crying into a blanket.  He moved slowly around the stony outcropping, from which the water issued, and saw a figure kneeling, a figure who had long, honey-flecked brown hair he recognized as belonging to his wife.  He rushed forward and saw that she was weeping over a larger than normal white rabbit wearing a frilly pink apron.  He saw Rokwolf standing behind her, holding his bow with an arrow nocked; he was speaking to Klare, but Klaybear could not hear the words.  The feathers on the arrow were smoking flames.  Klaybear reached out to touch his wife, but she blurred and vanished in a cloud of mist, and his surroundings swirled and were replaced by a battlefield, covered with smoking debris and twisted bodies.  On a rise that was suddenly in front of him, he saw Delgart, standing over the broken body of Marilee, facing a megatri whose red skin smoldered and smoked, flames erupting from the ends of his hair and beard.  With one huge hand, the megatri grabbed Delgart and crushed him soundlessly, tossing the remains onto Marilee’s lifeless form; a broken crown rolled to a stop between their heads.  The megatri threw back its head and howled in triumph, but the sound was muffled and indistinct.
His surroundings swirled and blurred and were replaced by a seashore, waves rolling in, but the sky was wrong, like the sea was inside a hollow sphere.  A body floated in the surf, and he walked over the sand, approaching the body bobbing in the waves; it was clad in gold with a white surcoat.  Waves crashed into him, but he did not feel wet; he grabbed a handful of the surcoat and dragged the body onto the beach, turning it over.  He gasped, seeing the bloated face of Blakstar.  Staggering back, he tripped and fell through the ground, his surroundings swirling past and becoming a hilltop overlooking Shigmar.  A battle raged before the gates.  He watched helplessly as a huge iron battering ram, wielded by megatrem and krugle, crashed through the gates, destroying them.  Hordes of ghelem and purem ran into the city; the creatures wielding the battering ram held it up in triumph, and Klaybear saw the iron head of the ram, bearing his own face and grimacing in pain, with the symbol of Gar flashing red on his iron forehead.  He felt his staff pulsing in his hand, and, raising it, he spoke words that sounded like mumbling in his ears.  Light flashed and a wave of destruction moved out from his staff in a circle; the once green valley became a desert, the walls toppled, the buildings leveled, and everyone in the path of the wave, friend and foe alike, turned into dust.  He stood on the hilltop, the only spot of green, living vegetation surrounded by an empty desert, and Klare lay before his feet, very pregnant, her eyes open, but unseeing, and dead.  He fell to his knees trying to scream, but no sound issued, and he felt as if he were choking. . . .
Klaybear sat up, gasping for breath; he was lying on one of the beds in the room of Shigmar’s tomb with the archway.  He looked around and saw Thal, Blakstar, and Tevvy sleeping on the other beds.  He swung his legs off his bed and sat up, rubbing his eyes and trying to clear his mind of the images he had dreamed.  In spite of the troubled nature of the dreams that had awakened him, he felt well-rested.  He searched his memory but could not remember how he had gotten out of the realm of fire and into this bed; he remembered giving the last drop of water they had to the dying wethi; he remembered the wethi dying, but everything that followed was a blank until he dreamed of waking in the desert oasis.  The images troubled him; he knew he had seen Klare crying, but over a dead rabbit?  He knew that she hated rabbits, as her family had raised them for food, so he could not imagine her crying over a rabbit, which must mean that the rabbit symbolized something else, but what it could be, he could not decide.  Then he recalled what they had found when they reached Kalbant, and he wondered if that part of the dream meant that her mother had died.  But then her father and brothers were dead, so maybe, by some strange series of connections created in dreams, it meant that she was mourning over her father, or her brothers.  What did Rokwolf have to do with it, and why was he standing with his bow ready?  Maybe they were in danger.  He stretched and stood up, but was prevented from further reflections by the sound of someone yawning.  He turned and saw Tevvy sitting up in his bed.
“I just had the most wonderful dream,” Tevvy said as he sat up, seeing Klaybear standing nearby.
“Did you?” Klaybear said.
“I found myself in a beautiful, golden city, floating on the clouds,” Tevvy said, “and all of you were there, with Klare, Marilee, Delgart, and Rokwolf, and all of your masters, with two others, who I did not recognize, one standing next to Blakstar, blonde and beautiful, and one standing next to Thal, her hair was dark, and she was just as tall.  We were standing in a courtyard surrounded by shining white pillars, with a fountain at the center.  I listened to the music of the water, and the music of many voices; there was another pair there, they must have been the king and queen, but both seemed to me to be more royal and dignified than anyone I have ever seen.  I think they were old, but both looked as young as we are, with bright golden hair and kindly faces, and his eyes were blue, like the sky and as deep.  They gave me a drink from the fountain, dipping a golden cup; it was the sweetest water I’ve ever tasted.”  He paused, his eyes distant.  “I turned and saw,” his face flushed, “a friend, who rushed forward and, uh,” he hesitated, “greeted me.  I woke up then, but I can still hear the sound of the fountain and the chorus.”
Klaybear smiled, but said nothing.  He moved next to Blakstar, gently touching his shoulder.  The kortexi’s eyes opened and he sat up, looking around.
“How?” Blakstar asked, puzzled.
“I do not know,” Klaybear replied.
Blakstar’s brow wrinkled.  “I remember falling onto the burning stone,” he said, slowly, “and then, I remember feeling arms, strong but gentle arms, lifting me from the stone; their touch was cool, and calming.”
“And then?” Tevvy asked.
“And then,” Blakstar went on, “I felt a touch on my shoulder, and I woke up, here.”
“No dreams?” Tevvy asked.
“None,” the kortexi replied.
“Too bad,” Tevvy said.  “I had the most wonderful dream,” and he began to relate again what he had seen.
Klaybear went to and touched Thal’s shoulder, waking him.  The maghi sat up slowly, looking around and sighing.  His eyes looked slightly puffy.
“Are you all right?” Klaybear asked softly.
Thal nodded once.
“Did you sleep well?” Klaybear asked.
Thal shrugged.
“Did you dream?”
Shrug.  Thal turned his attention to Tevvy, who just finished relating his dream.
“She was blonde, you said,” Blakstar said, “the one next to me.  Did you see her face?” he asked, sounding eager.
“Yes, but . . . ,” Tevvy began, but the kortexi interrupted.
“What did she look like?” Blakstar asked eagerly.
“Like the queen at the fountain,” Tevvy replied, “fair, beautiful, but her eyes were gray, rather than blue.”
Blakstar looked disappointed by his description.  “Can’t you give me more details?”
Tevvy shrugged.  “No, wetham all look the same to me.”
Blakstar saw that Thal was up, and turned to him.  “He saw a girl next to you, too.”
Thal looked puzzled.
“In his dream,” Blakstar added, looking at the awemi.  “Tell him about her.”
Tevvy frowned.  “She was tall and thin, like you, with dark hair, and her eyes were deep, deep brown.”
Thal flushed.  “You dreamed this?” he asked.
Tevvy nodded.
“Strange,” Thal whispered to himself, his eyes going distant.
Tevvy looked at Klaybear.  “So how did we get back here?”
The kailu shrugged.  “No idea,” he replied.  “Last thing I remember was passing out after the wethi took his last drink.  Then I dreamed I was in a desert oasis,” and he started to relate to them what he had seen, but when he mentioned Klare, kneeling on the ground and crying, his voice choked, and the image of Klare crying became Klare pregnant became Klare dead on the hilltop, wave of destruction destroying friend and foe and land and walls and homes and animals and Klare dead howling laughter crashing walls screaming livestock faces flying at him, faces filled with pain and anger, the faces of purem and kailum and farmers and ghelem and wetham and children, all flying at him, all contorted with anger and pain, all rising from the wave of destruction moving outward from the staff clenched in his sweating hands, shouting accusations as each was absorbed by the staff held in his hand.  He screamed. . . .
. . . and heard his own voice, echoing in the small chamber.  Blakstar, Tevvy, and Thal kneeling on the floor around him, faces concerned.
“What happened?” Tevvy asked.  “You mentioned Klare kneeling on the sand, crying, and then you swayed and fell to the floor.”
“Klare?” Klaybear said, blankly, and his eyes lost their focus, his body went limp.

Thal took Klaybear’s head in his hands, staring intently down out the fallen kailu, his eyes looking into Klaybear’s mind.  His hands flew off of Klaybear’s head, and he slid away from Klaybear, as if a strong blast of wind were pushing him back.  Thal crawled forward slowly, fighting against the forces that had shoved him away.  The maghi clawed his way back to Klaybear, jaw clenched, sweat streaming off his face.  Blakstar and Tevvy watched, dumbstruck, feeling none of the forces Thal struggled against.  The maghi finally got close enough to Klaybear to grab his head again with both hands.  Klaybear jerked and shook; Thal panted, gasping for breath as he held tightly to Klaybear’s head.  Slowly, Klaybear shook less, then went still; after a few more moments, Thal released his head, and slumped onto the floor beside him, still panting.
Tevvy’s eyes were wild; Blakstar reached for the Waters of Life before he remembered that there were none left.  Before either of them could open their mouths to speak, Klaybear opened his eyes and sat up; he looked around, then looked down at Thal.
“What did you do?” Klaybear asked the white maghi.
Thal wiped the sweat off his face before reaching out with his left hand; Blakstar took it and pulled him into a sitting position.  “Every time your internal vision has sent you into unconsciousness, I’ve wanted to look at what was happening in your mind, but I’ve always been too far away, or the moment passed so quickly that I did not have the time to see,” he said.  “This time, however, it happened twice in a row, so I switched into the mental plane to observe what was happening in your mind.”  He paused, for a moment, to think.
“You can see into someone’s mind?” Tevvy interrupted.
Klaybear nodded.  “I had forgotten that you were,” Klaybear said, stopping to search for a word, “asleep, for lack of a better word, when we found and removed the compulsion placed on your mind, and Klare’s mind.”  He looked at Thal.  “What did you see?”
Thal shook his head.  “It looked as if your whole mind had been wrenched from all its moorings, and I saw it spinning and rolling in all directions at once.  What was amazing about it was the amount of energy released from it, enough to hurl me from you the moment I switched into that plane, but the strangest thing about it was the sound: I could swear I heard many voices singing, and it seemed that the singing was causing your mind to spin and roll, causing the spinning and rolling to increase in speed.”
“Singing?” Tevvy noted.  “I’ve heard singing every time we have passed through one of those arches, and I’m sure I heard singing right before each earthquake in the earth realm, and the entire time we were in the fire realm.”
“Singing?” Thal asked, one eyebrow rising slowly.
“I heard no singing,” Blakstar said.
Klaybear touched the kortexi’s arm.  “Remember that the awemem have sharper hearing than we do.”
“Can you remember the quality of the singing,” Thal asked, “what it sounded like?”
Tevvy’s brow wrinkled as he thought back.  “Well, when we entered the earth realm, the sound of the singing was slow, deep, and very low, so that it rumbled,” he said, “like a group of wethem with very low voices.  The fire arch also sounded like wethem, but their tone was higher and faster,” he paused in thought, “and more frantic.”
“What about the archway into this room?”  Thal asked.
Tevvy though for a moment.  “That one sounded more like many different voices, both very low and very high, all singing different things in harmony.”
Thal got to his feet and started to pace across the room, rubbing his chin.  “Didn’t the simulacrum of Shigmar . . . ,” he started to say, but was interrupted by Blakstar.
“What’s a simulacrum?” the kortexi asked.
“The ghostly image we saw when you slid your sword into the altar above,” Klaybear noted.
“Yes,” Thal said, stopping to look at the others.  He started pacing again.  “Didn’t Shigmar mention that we should ‘sing our ortheks well,’ as he finished his message?”
Klaybear thought for a moment before answering.  “He did, and I thought, at the time, that it was a strange way to describe the casting of ortheks.”
Thal stopped and tapped his chin for a moment.  “What was that song we used to sing as children, about the boy and the girl running up the hill, didn’t it go, ‘daa-da-dum?’” he asked, singing it.
Blakstar smiled; Klaybear laughed, and added, also singing, “daa-da-da-dum.”
“That’s the one,” Thal replied.
“What are you thinking?” Klaybear chuckled.
In answer, Thal slipped his rod from his belt, holding it up, and instead of saying the word for light, he softly sang it, using the three notes from the children’s song: “maa-glu-ku.”  A globe of light winked on at the end of his rod, but its quality was different from the magluku lighting the room; they were brighter, blue-white in color, meant to illuminate the room; his was softer, more diffuse, like sunlight under a canopy of leafy green trees on a summer afternoon.
“Extraordinary!” Thal exclaimed, looking at the others, a grin lighting his long face.  He looked back at his light, smiling as it evoked feelings of being young in the summer.  “Neki,” he said, canceling the light.  “What if I . . . ,” he began, and lifted his rod again, singing the same orthek using three ascending notes: “ma-glu-ku.”  A second globe of light blossomed from the end of Thal’s rod, growing brighter and brighter, causing them to cover their eyes.  “Neki!” Thal shouted, canceling the second magluku.  His grin grew sly.  “Let’s go on,” he noted with obvious enthusiasm, “I want to try this out.”  He turned toward the archway.
“Wait,” Klaybear said, “you still haven’t told me what you did to my mind.”
Thal stopped and turned back.  “He distracted me,” he said, pointing to Tevvy, “with the singing.”
“I didn’t bring up the singing,” Tevvy protested, “you did.  You can’t blame me.”
Thal opened his mouth to reply but was stopped by the kortexi.
“He’s right,” Blakstar said, “you did mention the singing first.”
“Never mind the singing,” Klaybear said, irritated, “what did you do?”
The irritation on Thal’s face vanished.  “When I managed to get back to you, I slowed the spinning and rolling to a stop, then re-attached your mind to its moorings with the strongest mental threads I could create; that should prevent your, uh, fits, for a while, anyway.”  He turned back toward the arch, walking forward and reading the new inscription:

“Correct me if I make a mistake,” Thal said to Klaybear, “but I think it is, the near complete source of life, all are bound to it to sustain them, thirsty are those who lack us, they eat silt, they crawl away, they change into parched earth.”  He looked at Klaybear.
“Better than I could have done,” Klaybear smiled.
“Water,” Tevvy said.
“Why do you say that?” Blakstar asked.
“Thirsty and parched,” Tevvy replied.
Thal nodded and smiled.  “You are quite right.”
“How do we breathe?” Tevvy asked.
“I would guess,” Thal said, “that like the earth realm, or the fire, we did not pass directly through the stone, but were surrounded and attacked by stone, so in the water realm, we will not pass directly through it but will be surrounded and attacked by it.”
“What if the water simply covers us to drown us?” Tevvy asked.  “How would we survive?”
“There is a protective orthek,” Klaybear said, “that will surround us with breathable air.”
The kortexi nodded.  “That is what happened when I passed through the water realm on the Mountain of Vision: I was surrounded by air.”
“Only one way to find out,” Thal said, touching the symbol for water on the arch.

“Did you hear the singing?” Tevvy asked, but none answered immediately, as his voice echoed and reverberated around them.  They stood upon a circle of dark green stone, surrounded by a dome of blue-green water.  Thal could see colorful fish of all shapes and sizes swimming around them, but none came near the dome.
“Faintly, I think,” Thal said in answer to Tevvy’s question.  He spoke softly to minimize the echoing of his voice.
Tevvy also lowered his voice to a whisper.  “They were voices both male and female, singing high and low, respectively, sounding bright and light, like the sound of running water.”
Blakstar snorted; Thal smiled.  “That makes sense,” the white maghi noted softly, “since this is the water realm.”
The space was not dark, but neither was it light, the illumination coming from somewhere far above, colored by the water and ever shifting with the movements of the currents around them.  A narrow, green stone path was the only way off the circle Thal could see, save for entering the water.  They moved toward the path, stopping as they neared it.  Thal reached out to touch the dome surrounding the green circle.
“It is solid,” Thal said after testing it, “I cannot put my hand through it to touch the water.”
Thal turned his attention toward the path.  Just past the edge of the stone circle, the arched space over the narrow path grew hazy and green, like the water around them.  Thal stuck his hand into the space of the path, held it there for a moment, then withdrew it, looking at it closely; he looked at his companions.
“It feels both wet and dry,” Thal noted, sounding puzzled.
“How can it be both wet and dry?” Tevvy asked, skeptically.
“Try it yourself,” Thal replied with irritation.
Tevvy raised an eyebrow, stepped forward, and stuck his hand into the space of the path.  His eyes widened suddenly.  “I see now what you mean,” he remarked, pulling his hand back and looking at it.  “Both wet and dry,” he mumbled.
“Which means?” Blakstar asked.
“I don’t know what you mean,” Tevvy replied.
“Can we walk through there, or do we need Klaybear’s air orthek?” Blakstar said, with some irritation in his voice.
Tevvy shrugged, and before anyone else could answer, the awemi stepped forward into the haze, and his face and form became greenish and indistinct.  After a moment, Thal saw him waving to them, but the motion was slow, and saw him speak, but his voice only bubbled.
“This could complicate things,” Blakstar noted, “not being able to understand one another.”
Thal’s brow wrinkled.  “What effect will it have upon our ortheks?”
Klaybear shrugged.  “We are meant to pass through here,” he said, stepping forward to follow Tevvy.
Without thinking, Blakstar went after him, leaving the white maghi standing there, first to touch the space but last to enter.  Thal sighed and followed the others.

Klaybear found that walking was difficult, like wading through water over his head, with only his feet firmly on the stone path.  He saw Blakstar speaking to him, but heard only muffled bubbling, as they tried, like children, to speak to one another underwater.  He could breathe, but it was like breathing very thick air, or airy water.  The taste was salty, and he found that he needed to spit often, his mouth filling with water as he breathed.  Tevvy waved his arm slowly, then pointed down the path.  He nodded, and saw Tevvy turn and try to walk forward.  After a few moments, the awemi shook his head, then he tried something else, what looked to Klaybear like a combination of jumping, skipping, and floating forward, although his movements were slowed, and his hairy feet were off the stone longer than they should have been.  Klaybear tried to follow, but his feet and legs moved faster than his body, and he started to fall slowly backward.  He corrected his stance, leaning far forward, holding his hands and arms in front of him, and managing to skip, hop, and float after Tevvy.  Blakstar and Thal followed suit, imitating the motions of their companions, and Klaybear soon discovered how difficult and tiring this motion was, for what could have only been a few hundred yards, felt to him as if he had run several miles uphill.  Klaybear followed Tevvy and Blakstar into a circular area.  Thal did not catch up until the others had already stopped, stumbling into the circular area where the water was thinner.  Klaybear turned and watched him skip out of the path.
“What happened?” Blakstar asked, voice audible but sharply echoing.
“Didn’t you notice the fish?” Thal asked as he tumbled out of the pathway.
Blakstar looked a question back at Thal.
“They took no notice of the space over the path,” Thal whispered to minimize the echoes, “as if it were no different from the ocean around us.”
“That is because to us,” a new, female voice spoke from behind them, “it is water, whereas for you, it is air.”
Klaybear turned and saw figures swimming out of the water, into the circle, their forms altering from their fishy forms into the shapes of green skinned, green-haired females, shaking their long hair as they came to rest on the stone, the hair falling to cover their naked breasts and loins.
“Wedoram,” Tevvy whispered, staring in open admiration, “very beautiful wedoram.”
Blakstar flushed and looked down; Thal stood gaping, his mouth hanging open.  Only Klaybear was unaffected by their appearance.  He opened his mouth to speak, but one of the wedoram stepped forward and spoke.
“Welcome, my lords, chosen of the One,” her voice was pleasant and musical, “to the realm of Potwedi, Lord of the Waters.  We are his daughters, and he has sent us to bring you to our caves, to give you refreshment and diversion until the Great One approaches.”
Klaybear raised an eyebrow, and a vision of Klare’s response to this offer floated into the front of his mind.  He frowned.
“Diversion?” Tevvy asked, grinning stupidly.
“Yes,” she replied, “it is both our pleasure and good fortune to spend many hours diverting ourselves for our mutual pleasure, before our Father will see you.”
One of the others stepped forward, going to the kortexi and putting her hand on his arm, she said, “I get this one first; he has known the pleasure of mating.”
Blakstar jerked his arm away, backing up, face livid.  “Pleasure of mating?” he replied in confusion, and his voiced echoed and re-echoed around them.  “I don’t know what you are talking about,” he added, but his face colored.
“That is not true,” the one who had touched him said, “you have mated with a female and you did find it pleasurable; I can see it written in the lines of your face and your stance.”
“Liar!” Blakstar hissed through clenched teeth.  He ripped his sword from its scabbard and pointed it directly at the wedora’s heart.  “If you touch me again, I will slay you!”
The one facing Blakstar seemed nonplused by the sword pointing at her.  “Well then,” she noted, “if my natural wetha form does not please you, then perhaps this one will.”  Her form blurred and her skin lightened, turning white, her hair going from green to blond and shortening, her eyes going gray, her lips full, red, and pouting, wearing a simple, worn and torn, black tunic that hugged her lithe figure.
“That’s her!” Tevvy exclaimed.
“Would you kill me, Sir Blakstar,” her voice had changed, “while wearing this form?”
The sword fell from Blakstar’s limp hand, clanking and echoing dully as it struck the stone; the kortexi staggered back as if he had been struck.
Thinking she had gained an advantage over him, she moved forward, holding her arms up, inviting an embrace.  “I am she,” she said softly, “the wetha of your dreams.”
Blakstar took one halting step forward, and Klaybear misunderstood his action, his staff suddenly in his hand and glowing, moving toward the kortexi to stop him.  But Blakstar’s halting step and stunned look changed; he leapt at the wedora, hands clawed and a snarl escaping his clenched teeth.  His hands grabbed the tunic at the shoulders; the sound of ripping fabric echoed and reverberated around them.
“No!” Klaybear exclaimed, trying to get to and stop Blakstar, but something held him back.  He turned and saw the first wedora keeping him from moving, and he was surprised by her strength.  When he turned back to the kortexi, he saw Blakstar hurling the wedora from him.
“You’re not!” Blakstar snarled.  “Where are the scars from whips on your back?”  He turned, bending down and frantically searching for his sword.  “Where?”  Grabbing it, he rushed at the wedora, who had not fallen to the stone but floated in the air on her back, holding the torn tunic closed over her front and still smiling up at the kortexi rushing toward her with his sword held in front of him.
“You’d rather I appear in her corrupted form, scarred plaything of the red kailum, who raised her to be a kara?” she threw this question at him, still floating away and altering her form so that white lines appeared on her bare shoulders.
The kortexi slowed, but he did not lower his sword.
“I could tell you her name,” she said in a soft voice, “since you do not even know her name: it is Kathi,” she laughed, “because that is what she is: a cheap kara, daughter of a sailor and a prostitute,” and she was suddenly tied with leather thongs to a tree that was bent over, a few feet off the stone.  She writhed as if she wanted to escape, screaming “no,” and “please,” and as she writhed, the torn tunic fell open, revealing the red mark of Gar on her chest, throbbing angrily in time with the pounding of his heart.
Blakstar stopped dead, his sword sliding from his fingers and clanking on to the stone a second time, except that this time, the kortexi crumpled, covering his head and sobbing.
The wedora, recognizing that she had gone too far, blurred into her human female form.  “Father, you promised!” she shouted.
The other two, ignoring the exchange between Blakstar and their sister, had changed into other forms: an awema, looking much like Tevvy, with a similar round, innocent face, curly brown hair; and the other, as tall and thin as Thal, with long, dark hair, each whispering to Tevvy and Thal, taking no notice of Blakstar, until their sister screamed.  Klaybear did not notice that the wedora holding his arm had become Klare.
“You promised,” she screamed again, “that we could have the males, but the female chosen is not here, as the Great Lord said she would be.”
The stone beneath their feet shook suddenly, causing the three still standing to reel about, while the wedoram simply floated above the stone, resuming their greenish wedora forms, legs merging together to form fish-like tails.  The illumination, although faint, was suddenly cut off, plunging them into semi-darkness.  A rumbling, bubbling sound came from above them, and the four wedoram looked up, listening.
“We do not know,” the first said.  She turned to Klaybear, her eyes green points of light in the darkness.  “Where is your mate?  Why isn’t she with you?” she demanded.
Klaybear suddenly understood why Klare’s family was attacked, understood why she had to stay behind.  “She had things to do, and could not come with us,” he replied.
The rumbling, bubbling sounded again.  The wedoram listened intently, then looked back at Klaybear.  “Is she waiting in the tomb?”
“No, she could not come with us.”
Rumbling, bubbling overhead.  “This is regrettable, for she was promised to our lord.”
“She belongs to me,” Klaybear replied, “and I will not surrender her to you or your lord, nor would she,” he snorted, imagining Klare’s quixotic response.  “More likely that she would . . . ,” he went on, but stopped suddenly.
The rumbling, bubbling sound overhead shook the stone under their feet.  The glowing eyes looked back at him, tinged with red.  “Then your lives are forfeit,” the wedora screamed, lunging forward.
Before he could even defend himself, he heard Thal singing the words, and a brilliant globe of light blossomed behind him, momentarily blinding the wedoram, who were revealed in new forms, large and shark-like, swimming directly at them, teeth-filled mouths gaping.  Thal’s light gave them the instant they needed to get out of the way and take out their weapons.  As he rolled to his feet, Klaybear heard Thal’s tenor voice, singing another orthek.
“Pleu-gi-pur,” Thal sang in ascending notes, and an arrow of fire exploded from the end of his rod, knocking him backward.  It struck the wedora attacking him, engulfed her in roaring flames, and she exploded with a squeal of pain.  Thal’s eyes were wide with astonishment.
Tevvy had rolled under the wedora attacking him, slicing open her belly with a dagger that had appeared in his hand as he rolled, her momentum carrying her past Tevvy even as her entrails slid out.  Blakstar had moved the swiftest, grabbing his sword and cutting the wedora in two, and before the two halves could separate from one another, the kortexi had leapt toward Klaybear, splitting the wedora attacking the green kailu with a mighty overhand stroke, golden flames encasing the blade as it sheared through her flesh and scales.  He moved on, swinging his sword and splitting the wedora Tevvy had sliced open.
“Nice work,” Tevvy noted.
But Blakstar did not look at the awemi; his eyes were fixed overhead, where the light of Thal’s brilliant magluku showed something large and dark floating above them, with many tentacles surrounding the dome of airy water over the stone circle.
“What is that?” Tevvy asked, voice high and frightened.
The rumbling, bubbling sound increased in its intensity, and seemed to be coming from whatever was floating overhead.
“Potwedi,” Thal said, “and I get the sense that he is not happy with us.”
The tentacles, and there were hundreds of them, felt their way down and around the dome, as if they were seeking a way to enter the protected space.
“Great!” Tevvy shouted frantically, “that’s just great!  The Lord of the Oceans not happy with us!  Boy do you have the gift of understatement!  My old granny was right: she said I’d come to a bad end if I took up with the likes of you!”  He looked around, panicked, hoping to find a way of escape.
“Keep your hair on!” Blakstar shouted back.  “It is not as if we are defenseless.”
Tevvy threw up his hands.  “Another one!” he shouted.  “Maybe it hasn’t gotten through all that steel surrounding your head that we are at the bottom of the ocean, a dome of air the only thing between us and being crushed and drowned by an angry Lord of the Oceans,” but Tevvy stopped suddenly, hands going to his ears.  “Ah!” was all he managed before collapsing on the stone.
“What happened . . . ?” Blakstar started to ask, then felt the pressure around them increasing.  “He’s trying to crush us!”
“Over here,” Klaybear shouted, moving over the fallen awemi.  “Quickly!”
Thal and Blakstar moved next to Klaybear, who held up his staff and sang, as Thal had done, “kwek-lo-pla-ka-skoit,” waving his staff in an arc over their heads, then tapping the heel on the stone beneath them.  A dome made from seamless stone flashed into existence over their heads, easing the pressure around them.
“Keep humming the words,” Thal noted, and Klaybear continued softly to sing the words of the orthek.
After several moments, he inhaled sharply, his singing almost faltering.  The stone under their feet shook, and Klaybear could feel the pressure upon his shield ease.  Tevvy groaned and sat up.
“Drop the shield!” Blakstar exclaimed, “we have to know what he is doing!”
Klaybear released the orthek, the stone winked out of existence, and they saw hundreds of tentacles piercing the dome of air, wriggling toward them from all directions.  The kortexi leaped toward the nearest, swinging his golden flaming sword and hacking off all the tentacles that came near him.  Thal raised his rod, pointing it overhead and sang the same words as before.  A second time, an arrow of pure flame exploded from the tip of his rod, shooting up and striking the underside of the Lord of the Oceans.  The stone under their feet shuddered; the rumbling and bubbling creature overhead roared in pain.
Klaybear smiled.  “Let’s try a hotter fire,” he noted, raising his staff and singing, “stal-na-kai-lig-ater!”  A pillar of green kailu fire erupted at the apex of the dome, and for a moment, the tentacles faltered.  The sound of rumbling bubbling pain increased to a fever pitch.
“Quick!” Tevvy shouted.  “Open a door back to the tomb!”
“I don’t think it will work,” Thal said, “as it disrupts the test that we are in.”
“The test has already been disrupted!” Tevvy shouted back.  “There is no way out of this circle, not even the way we came!”
Blakstar turned from the tentacles that had momentarily withdrawn, concentrated a moment, and dragged the point of his sword over the stone in a circle, lifting it to form the arch when he had drawn the circle.  The gray arch flared to life.  “Hurry!” he shouted, “before he recovers!”
Tevvy leaped through the arch, followed closely by Thal, Klaybear, and then Blakstar, but as the kortexi stepped through the arch, several tentacles reached inside, grabbing him and pinning his arms to his sides, pulling him back through the arch.  His sword slipped from his fingers, its golden light going dark, falling to the sand where his stunned companions stood; the arch winked out.

Chapter 13

A search must be made among the people over whom we hold sway to find those unskilled persons matching the future quartet who will be called “chosen.”  These will be sent, in groups of four–three wethem & one awemi–directly into the tomb of the original kailu; these groups must be placed under compulsions to return to us, should one of them succeed, after obtaining the secret artifact of enormous power hidden within.  While it is unlikely that any of them should succeed, the small chance that one might is worth the risk and loss of life, for we could, in a simple stroke of good fortune, thwart the chosen long before they are even born, and enable our master to break out of this prison, enthroning him–the Great Lord–forever and toppling the realm of the usurper. . . .

from Archives of the Red Kailum, Records of the Magsamel,
Order#153-7625, issued atno 537

Blakstar’s sword thudded on the sand; Thal, Tevvy, and Klaybear stood looking at it, stunned.
“This isn’t right!” Tevvy exclaimed.  “He was supposed to open a doorway back to Shigmar’s tomb; where are we?”
“No idea,” Klaybear replied, looking around.  They were on a small island surrounded by green ocean, waves rolling in.  There were scattered palm and coconut trees around them; the center of the island was a mountain that disappeared in the sky overhead.  The sky was bright, but there was no source of light visible.
“I think,” Thal began, “that we are still in the water realm,” he finished, looking up at the mountain behind them.  He turned back to where the sword lay and stooped to pick it up.
Klaybear was looking at the beach.  “I’ve seen this before,” he said, pointing down at the beach, “in the dream I had before we entered this realm.  And . . . ,” he started to say but stopped, remembering clearly what he had seen.
A brilliant white light flashed far out to sea, growing suddenly bright then winking out.
“What was that?” Tevvy asked.
“No . . . ,” Klaybear began but was cut-off by a rumbling sound that grew louder, approaching from the direction of the light.  The ground under their feet shook for a few seconds, sending them reeling across the sand, and when the shaking ceased, the water withdrew down the sand.
Tevvy stood, shading his eyes and looking in the direction the water had gone.  He turned suddenly, running toward the mountain behind them.  “Run!” he shouted, “a wave is coming!”
Thal and Klaybear followed, Thal carrying the sword awkwardly.  Tevvy scrambled over the rocks, trying to stay ahead of his larger companions; Klaybear caught up to him, scooping the small awemi onto his back, where Tevvy clung to his pack.  They managed to claw their way to a shelf twenty yards above the beach when they heard the roar of the wave reaching the beach.  Turning, they saw a wave that must have been fifteen feet high, rolling over the beach and nearly covering the trees, crashing into the side of the mountain below them, splashing and soaking them in spray.  The first wave was followed by several more, the next few waves larger than the first, then the rest smaller, until the surf returned to what it was before.  From their position above, they could see that things had washed up upon the shore, one of them shaped like a body.
Tevvy slid off Klaybear’s back just as the kailu started back down.
“No,” Klaybear whispered to himself as he jumped down from the shelf and slid down the rocky slope to the sand.  He ran down the beach to where the body bobbed in the surf, grabbing the white cloak with gold trim and dragging it onto the sand.  “No,” he said again, then stooped and rolled the body onto its back, saw the face he had seen in his dream.  He heard the others coming near and put his hand on the chest; he was surprised to find that it was still warm, and put his ear against the chest, listening.  He heard a faint beat, and he immediately rolled him onto his side, pushing on his middle to force the water out of his lungs.  On his third squeeze, the wethi started to choke and cough, drawing wheezing breaths between fits of coughing.  The wethi sat up, wiping the water and hair from his eyes.  Klaybear looked at his pale face more closely, and he realized at once that it was not Blakstar, although the face was similar.  He had seen this wethi before, but he could not recall where.
“There are scorched pieces of tentacle,” Tevvy said, coming up next to Klaybear, “and pieces of the wedoram the kortexi cut in half.”
“How are you?” Klaybear asked.
The stranger looked at him, then scrambled backward on the sand away from the green kailu.  “Stay back!” he exclaimed, eyes wild with fright.  “Stay away, wepanum!”
“We are not,” Klaybear said, a catch in his voice.
“Why do you think we are wepanum?” Thal asked.
“I saw you arrive, popping out of thin air,” the wethi replied, “as all wepanum come and go.”  He continued to crawl backward until he came to a coconut tree.  “You’ve come to torment me again, as if being trapped here is not enough!”
“How did you come here?” Thal asked.
His voice changed; his eyes looking far away.  “We came here looking for treasure,” his voice sobbed, tears flowing, “poor sons of poorer fathers.  We heard rumors of a tomb filled with gold, and a red kailu who wanted something hidden in the tomb,” his voice became flatter and duller as he spoke.  “We all had girls we wanted to marry, but were too poor to interest their fathers.  So we went to Belford, and we found the red kailu who started the rumors, hoping to attract someone to enter the tomb for him.  He said we had to be inexperienced, and that he would send us into the entrance, with supplies to help us get through it.  He told us how to activate the doors, what we would face, and how we could have everything we found, except for the special artifact at the end.  We had to swear a blood oath that we would die if we did not bring the artifact to him.  He told us that he had sent others, and that none of them had succeeded.  While he spoke, he placed a geas on us without our knowledge, so we could not refuse.”  He pounded the sand with both fists, his voice angry, eyes wild.  “And what did we find?” he shouted.  “Torment!  Death!  And madness,” he finished, his voice softer, a defeated whisper, his hands grasping the sand, lifting, and allowing the sand to leak slowly out.
“How many?” Thal asked.
Tevvy sidled slowly around, taking a small dart and a bottle out of his belt pouch, moving casually away and around behind the wethi while he was distracted.
The wethi’s eyes focused on Thal, then he went on.  “We were four, four fools!” he finished with an angry shout.
“What happened to the others?” Thal asked, voice gentle.
“We made it easily through the earth realm,” he said, voice calm, looking away from Thal, “and managed to make it through the fire, although none are sure how.  Then we got to this . . . ,” he picked up a stone and hurled it at the waves still rolling in.  Again, his voice grew suddenly loud and angry, “this accursed realm!  The wedoram came, becoming our girls, promising to fulfill our every wish, but Rax and me were not fooled.  When the others started to follow those foul fish, we ran for it, hoping to escape with our lives.”  His voice became soft again.  “We almost made it.”  Voice louder, angrier.  “That giant squid got Rax, and I ended up here,” soft voice again.  “I found the portal; there’s a trail back there,” he said, pointing over his shoulder.
Tevvy was now behind the man, ready to jab him with his drugged dart, but Thal discretely held up his hand.
“Why didn’t you leave?” Thal asked.
The wethi started to laugh, laughter that became maniacal, then trailed off into a sob.  “Because the door will only open if all of us are there,” he replied dully, “so I have been stuck here, I don’t know how long.  I used to dream of going to some tropical island as a boy, where I did not have to work but could relax and enjoy the sun, sand, and sea,” he said this in a dreamy voice, but then his voice changed again, becoming a whine.  “But the sun never sets here: do you know what it’s like to be trapped in the same day, forever?  I hate the sea!” he screamed, grabbing and throwing stones into the water.  “I hate the sand!  I HATE THE LIGHT!” he howled, then his voice became soft again.  “I tried to drown myself when the wave came; I had climbed a tree when you wepanum appeared, but you saved me.  YOU SAVED ME!” he howled again, leaping to his feet, hands clawed and starting at Klaybear.  But Tevvy was waiting for just such an action, and the dart hit the man’s neck just as he started to run at Klaybear; he took three steps and fell into the kailu’s arms, limp.  Klaybear eased him to the ground.
“Is that true?” Tevvy asked, bending to retrieve his small dart, wiping the tip off with the man’s cloak.
“Is what true?” Thal replied.
“That we cannot leave if all of us are not here?”
Thal shrugged.  “Probably.”
“He said that he could not leave,” Klaybear added.
“What do we do about Blakstar?” Tevvy asked.
Thal looked for a moment at the sword he still held.  “What can we do?”
“In my dream,” Klaybear said, “I thought I saw him, floating face down in the water on this beach, but it was this wethi,” he pointed at the wethi in front of him.  “In my other visions, he appeared alive and well, doing things we haven’t yet done; he and Delgart will rescue you,” he nodded to Tevvy, “from the webs of a monstrous, spider-like creature.”
“But didn’t you also see a version where no one comes to rescue him?” Thal asked.
“I hadn’t thought of that,” Klaybear replied with resignation.
“I saw him, too,” Thal went on “in my vukeetu, doing things we haven’t done yet, so I cannot accept that he is . . . ,” he hesitated, “gone.”
Tevvy held up his arms.  “What about these?” he asked, indicating his verghrenum.  “Didn’t you use them to find me in the sewers?”
Thal’s face brightened, and he held up his left arm, touching the symbol for the kortexi with his now glowing right forefinger.  He held it there for a minute, his eyes traveling up; his brow wrinkled.  He looked back at Klaybear.  “You try it, and tell me what you see.”
Klaybear lifted his arm and touched the kortexi symbol, and his eyes, like Thal’s, traveled up.  “The line goes straight up, disappearing far overhead.”
Thal frowned.  He touched the symbol of the kailum, and whispered, “Klare.”  His eyes traveled up.  He then tried the seklesi symbol, and his eyes traveled up.
Klaybear recognized what he was doing, tried the same symbols, whispering the same names, with the same results.  Then he touched the maghi symbol and saw a thick line going right at Thal.
“So what are you seeing?” Tevvy asked.  “You both look puzzled.”
“What does it mean?” Klaybear asked Thal, ignoring the awemi.
“We are present in this realm,” Thal replied, “and he is not.”
“How is that possible?” Klaybear asked.
Thal shrugged, looking out over the waves.  “I wish I had thought of it earlier,” he said softly, to himself.
“Why?” Klaybear asked.
“Will one of you explain what you are talking about?” Tevvy said, exasperated.
Thal sighed.  “I think we explained before that the verghrenum we all wear are connected to each other, so that we can locate one another using them,” he began.  “When we touch one of the symbols with teka, we can ‘see’ a white line leading to whichever one of us we are trying to find; that’s how we found you in the sewers.”
“I cannot use teka,” Tevvy interrupted, “so how does it help me?”
“That pair was made for you,” Klaybear noted, “so maybe you don’t need to use teka.”
“Good point,” Thal said, “since the founders knew you would be one of the chosen, surely they would have taken your abilities into account; try touching the maghi symbol.”
“The one that looks like that?” Tevvy asked, pointing to the chain around Thal’s neck.
Thal nodded; Tevvy touched the symbol and saw a thick white line going straight to Thal.
“Try the kortexi symbol,” Klaybear said.
“The water vessel with the eye?” Tevvy asked.
The others nodded; Tevvy touched the symbol and saw a thin white line going straight up.
“Now try the kailu symbol, whispering my wife’s name when you touch it,” Klaybear said.
“The hand with the eye?”  They nodded; Tevvy did as instructed, saw another white line going straight up, then he tried the seklesi symbol, whispering “Rokwolf,” and saw the same thin line going straight up.  He looked at the others.  “So what does it mean?  Does it mean that Blakstar is still alive, but he is no longer in this realm?”
Thal and Klaybear looked at each other for a moment, then Thal shrugged.  “Maybe,” the white maghi said, “but we can only say for sure that he is not in this realm, whether alive or dead we cannot say for sure.”
Tevvy looked out to sea, then looked up at the sky.  “He is alive,” he said.
Thal laughed.  “How can you say that?”
“Just a feeling,” Tevvy replied.  “If he were dead, since he is so important to our purpose, I think I would lose hope.”
Thal shook his head, then started to walk up the beach away from the sea.
“Where are you going?” Tevvy asked.
“To find the portal,” Thal replied.
Klaybear squatted next to the wethi on the ground and hoisted him over his shoulders.
“Why are you bringing him?” Tevvy asked.
“If he is right,” Klaybear replied after standing, “then we will not be able to leave without him.  Besides, I cannot leave him here to suffer any more.”
Tevvy nodded and followed Thal into the shade under the coconut treees.

As Klaybear stepped through the portal back into the tomb, the weight of the wethi on his shoulders lightened suddenly.
“Where’d he go?” Tevvy asked, but then his mouth fell open as the kortexi stepped out of the portal behind Klaybear.  “How?” he spluttered.
Klaybear and Thal turned and saw Blakstar; both grinned.
“What happened?” Thal asked.
“How did you get here?” Klaybear asked at the same time.
Blakstar shrugged.  “I do not know,” he replied, taking his sword from Thal and sliding it, with a steely hiss, back into its sheath.  “After Potwedi grabbed me, I remember there was a flash of brilliant white light, and I was suddenly released.  I stood in the light on my feet, how, I do not know, but I heard a voice speaking to the Lord of the Sea, telling him that he had broken the conditions of the test, and that he would be confined to his squid form for an age for what he had done.  Then all was silent, and I saw a gray shimmering somewhere ahead.  I walked toward it, and stepped into this room right after you did.”  He looked at Tevvy.  “Who’s gone?”
Tevvy still stood looking at the kortexi, mouth gaping.  “Wha-huh?”
“A wethi we found on an island in the water realm,” Klaybear replied.
“Island?” Blakstar asked, looking puzzled.
“Yeah,” Tevvy said, finally able to speak, “the island to which you opened a archway.  I wonder what you were thinking as you opened the door?”
The kortexi looked puzzled.  “This room,” he said, “didn’t I send you here?”
They shook their heads.
“We stepped through onto a beach,” Thal said, “you started to come through, but then the tentacles grabbed you and dragged you back, leaving your sword behind.”
Blakstar’s brow wrinkled, then his face brightened.  “I remember,” he said, “I remember thinking that this room was strangely bright, and the floor didn’t feel like stone, and then I lost the sword, and you know the rest.”
Tevvy snorted and shook his head.
“Anyway,” Klaybear said, “we reached the island, and we soon saw a great flash of light out to sea, which must of been the light you saw, followed by an earthquake, a tidal wave, and then the wethi, apparently drowned by the wave.  We revived him, but he had completely lost his mind.  Odd thing, though,” Klaybear paused, “at first I thought he was you, and when I saw he wasn’t, I thought he looked familiar.”
Thal nodded.  “He looked familiar because we had seen him before,” Thal noted, “in the fire realm; it was the same wethi.”
“Yes,” Tevvy said, “you are right!”  Now it was Tevvy’s turn to be puzzled, “what does it mean?”
Klaybear shrugged.  “Must be part of the test.”
“Yes,” Thal nodded, “it was part of the test, although an incidental part in the water realm, since it seems to me that our virtue, and fidelity, in your case . . . ,” he indicated Klaybear, and he looked at Blakstar and stopped: the kortexi had gone pale, and he turned suddenly away.  They heard him sniff softly.
“Where next?” Blakstar asked without turning back.
Thal thought for a moment, tapping his chin.  “Ice,” he said after a moment.
“What makes you say that?” Tevvy asked.
“Well,” Thal replied, “we have been to three of the five elemental planes, first earth, followed by fire, then water, so logically, ice must be next, then air.”
“Because,” Klaybear added, seeing Tevvy’s next question, “earth, water, and air are the three central and primary elements, fire and ice are secondary elements.  We visited the primary element, earth, then a secondary, fire, then primary, water, so next should be ice.”
“Exactly,” Thal said, moving over to the arch and reading what was now written there:

“Right in the first word,” Thal said, pointing, “which means, empty of heat, or cold.”
“Why not just say, ‘cold,’” Tevvy asked.
“Because even the coldest northern regions, the polar cap,” Thal replied, “have some heat.  Granted, there is very little, but here the writer wanted to convey the idea that there is no heat whatsoever.  So, empty of heat, reflecting all light, stiffening moving water into clear stone breaking into a thousand pieces of silver light.”
“Another test of endurance,” Blakstar noted, “which will be more difficult than the fire realm.”
“The protective orthek is easier,” Klaybear noted, “and it lasts longer.”
“We will have to keep moving,” Blakstar went on, “and we should eat nothing but meat.”
“Why meat?” Tevvy asked.
“Haven’t you noticed how after you have a feast mainly of meat,” Blakstar replied, “how warm you are afterward?  Or why people from the desert eat almost no meat?”
“We never eat much meat,” Tevvy replied.
“And how many of the awemem live in the far north?” Blakstar went on.
“Okay, I get it,” Tevvy said, “you don’t need to say it again.”  He looked around the room, eyes traveling to the crates by the wall.  “Maybe there are some heavy wool cloaks in there,” he said, pointing at the crates.
Blakstar went over to the crates, and opened the one they had not looked in.  “Not wool,” he said after a moment, “but the furry hides of some animal I do not recognize.”  He lifted up one of the heavy fur coats, white streaked with gray, holding it up for the others to see.  “This one looks tall and thin, so it must by for Thal.”  He tossed it to the maghi, and pulled out a smaller coat, tossing it to Tevvy.  He tossed the next one to Klaybear, then laid the last one aside.  “There are also tall boots, heavy hoods, and mittens made from the same animal.”
“I don’t wear boots,” Tevvy objected, holding up the boots the kortexi handed him.  The boots had thick black soles, made from the skin of another animal, with what looked like shards of bone embedded into the sole.
Blakstar rolled his eyes.  “You will if you don’t want to lose any toes to the cold.”  He removed the bundle of mittens, with rough black skin, like the soles of the boots, on the palm side, with thick fur on the back, and he passed the smallest pair to Tevvy.  The hoods went down to their shoulders and had a flap that tied across most of the face, leaving only a narrow slit for the eyes.  The hoods also had another narrow flap above the eyes, looking like a thin, dark bill.  Blakstar also found pants made from the same, furry hides; he passed them around to the others.  “These go on first, followed by the boots, coat, hood, and mittens.”
“What about our armor?” Klaybear asked.
“And our packs?” Tevvy added.
Blakstar looked first at Klaybear.  “I think we should wear our chain suits, but not the plate mail, that way, we will have some protection; I don’t think the plate armor will fit over the fur clothing.”  He turned to Tevvy.  “Anything liquid in our packs will freeze if we carry them on the outside of the coats, and if we carry them beneath the coats, we will not be able to access the packs without removing the coats.  Check the inside of your coats, there should be a large pocket for your water skin, to keep it from freezing, and there should be pockets on the outside where we can carry meat rations, or you can use the pouches on your belts,” he pointed to the belts worn by the others, “as long as you remove anything liquid.”
“I don’t like this,” Tevvy noted, shaking his head, “all of my best supplies are liquid.  How could I have put the madman to sleep, if I didn’t have my belt pouch?”
“We’ll have to depend on Thal and Klaybear,” Blakstar replied, “and their ortheks.”
“Which will be hard to perform,” Thal said, “wearing all of this.”
Klaybear shrugged.  “Well, if it is like the fire realm, we will only need to survive.”
“We should still carry our weapons,” Blakstar said.  “They can serve as useful tools, say, to build a shelter from packed snow if we get caught in a blizzard.”
Tevvy snorted.  “A snow house?  How will that keep us warm?”
“You’d be surprised how warm it is inside a snow cave,” Blakstar replied.
“It would keep us out of the wind,” Klaybear added, “which can be worse than all the ice.”
As they dressed in the furs, Tevvy noticed first that the air in the room was getting colder.  “How is this possible?” he asked.
Thal looked around and pulled on his hood.  “Must be the teka of the place.”
“Very useful,” Blakstar said, pulling his furry mittens up to his elbows over the sleeves of his coat, “since it will help prepare us for the cold beyond the arch.”  He adjusted his belt, making sure that his sword was easily accessible, then pulled the hood over his head.  “Don’t breathe too deeply: intense cold can freeze your lungs, suffocating you as quickly as if you were drowning.”  He tied the flap over his face, then pulled it down so that Klaybear could touch his skin.
“Nemfaghweri,” sang the green kailu as he touched each of them, including himself, and each felt his body warm.  Klaybear then went to the arch, touching the symbol for ice with one glowing finger; the others waited for him to put on his mitten and hood, then stepped through the gray shimmering.
As in the previous realms, they stood on a circle of dark stone, and this circle was surrounded by mountains of dirty ice, a dull gray light emanating from the ice itself.  The air was cold, so cold, that even though they were breathing air from under the hoods they each wore, so that it was warmed by the heat of their bodies, it still cut their throats like knives.  They immediately saw the wisdom of the kortexi’s words about shallow breathing.  They learned immediately that standing still was not possible, as the soles of their thick boots would freeze and stick in place after only seconds.  The direction of travel was their next problem, as they could see, at first, no path out of this circle, until they had walked around it twice.  Tevvy noticed the archway, nearly covered with ice; they heard cracking and rumbling sounds all around them, although if any ice cracked and slid onto the stone circle, it was absorbed by the mountains of ice surrounding them.  Talking was difficult and painful; the sound of their voices echoed and multiplied around them, causing the ice mountains to crack and chunks of ice to tumble down, nearly crushing them twice as they searched for the path.  So when Tevvy found the path, Blakstar nodded to Klaybear and whispered, “mace,” and the kailu broke open the archway with a few carefully placed blows of his mace.  They passed through quickly, for as soon as Klaybear broke open the archway, the ice from above started to flow over it, covering it again only moments after they had passed through.
Seeing this, Tevvy whispered, “I don’t like this,” and the echoes from his whisper caused icicles clinging to the ceiling of the path to crash onto the floor.  The others nodded and frowned, telling the awemi without words to keep his mouth closed.  The surface of the path changed from being rough and uneven to smooth and slippery, and back again.  They discovered how treacherous this could be when Tevvy stepped from the first rough section onto the first smooth section, his boot sliding, carrying him forward as he waved his arms like windmills to keep his balance, catching himself on the smooth wall.  He looked a warning back at his companions, and his face changed suddenly to a look of surprise.  He looked down at the hand and mitten touching the wall and saw, to his horror, that in the few seconds his hand had been on the wall, the ice had begun to flow over his hand.  He struggled to pull his hand free, being careful not to touch the wall with his free hand.  Blakstar was close behind him; the kortexi pulled out his sword and struck the ice with the edge of pommel stone just above the trapped hand, pulling Tevvy’s hand free when it cracked.  The others covered their heads, Blakstar leaning over Tevvy, and half the icicles fell.  When Blakstar stood up, Tevvy looked at the spot where his hand had been stuck and staggered back into the kortexi, seeing a hand beneath the surface of the ice.  He pointed, face looking fearful, and the others saw what he had seen.
“We must be careful,” Thal whispered slowly, barely making a sound.
Tevvy shook his head.  “Nightmare,” he whispered softly, eyes still wide with fright.
Several hours seemed to pass as they picked their way carefully through this first tunnel of ice, with each of them getting caught several times by the ice after slipping.  The path ended as it started, blocked by ice, and Klaybear bashed their way through into another stone circle under mountains of dirty, gray ice.  As they approached the center of this circle, hearing the sounds of cracking and falling ice, they heard a new sound, a squelchy sound, like that of a foot being pulled from the mud, but there was also a ringing sound, as if the foot was made of brass or glass.  Looking around, they saw figures emerging from the walls of ice surrounding the circle, figures that were reminiscent of the stone creatures of the earth realm, but where the stone creatures were rounded, these figures were jagged and sharp, as if pieces of ice had broken from the cliffs and piled together to become upright creatures, walking forward on jagged legs of ice, cracking and grinding as they walked.  One came from each of the four cardinal directions, waving arms that ended in chunks of ice like huge cudgels.  Blakstar strode toward the nearest ice creature, taking out and swinging his sword; Klaybear took out his mace, moving toward the creature nearest to him.  Daggers appeared in both of Tevvy’s hands, one dagger flying from his hand in a smooth, overhand motion.  The dagger struck the creature nearest him right in the single, glowing blue eye, causing the creature to stagger back, its head shattering in a brilliant flash of blue light; the remaining pieces that formed the creature fell apart, slid toward the wall, and were immediately absorbed back into the cliff walls.  Thal, seeing Tevvy’s success, raised his rod and sang, “pleugipur,” and an arrow of fire shot from the end of his rod, striking the creature nearest him, instantly turning its head into steam that turned into ice crystals a second later, falling harmlessly to the stone.  The remaining pieces fell apart, slid toward the wall, and were quickly absorbed by the walls.  They turned to watch their companions dueling with their icy opponents.  For Klaybear, every time his opponent swung one of his cudgel-like arms at the kailu, Klaybear responded by smashing the cudgel-end of the arm with his green-glowing mace, until the creature had no arms left, and the kailu’s mace swung down, crushing its icy head.  Blakstar, to their other side, sliced off pieces of the creature he faced, his golden flaming sword passing through the ice as if it were water with a crackling hiss.  Like Klaybear, when the creature had no arms left and lay prostrate before him, the kortexi swung his sword in an overhand arc, slicing into the jagged, icy head, which burst when the golden flames surrounding the blade touched the glowing blue eye, just after Klaybear smashed his.  The parts of both creatures fell to the ground, slid toward the walls, and were quickly absorbed by the dirty gray cliffs surrounding them.  Tevvy moved to where his creature had been, looking for his dagger; he could see a glint of metal in the ice wall, but no other evidence of his dagger.  Blakstar walked over to Thal, slipping his sword back into its scabbard, and whispered something to him, and the white maghi slapped his head with one furry mitten.  He beckoned Tevvy and Klaybear closer, and when the four of them stood together, although each continued to move his feet to keep from sticking, he raised his rod and whispered, “kwyeskoit.”
“I forgot I could do this,” Thal apologized, “and Blakstar just reminded me what I had done before.”
“No echoes,” Tevvy said, “that bring down the ceiling or walls.”
Thal nodded.
Blakstar drew a packet of dried meat out of one of his pockets.  “We should all have some of this,” he noted, rocking from side to side and passing the packet around; each of them took a piece of the dried meat.  “And take a drink from your water skin,” he suggested, taking a piece and replacing the packet in one of his pockets, “and we should keep moving.”
Tevvy nodded.  “I notice the cold more when we are not moving,” he noted,  slipping his mittened hand under the flap and biting off a piece of dried meat.
The others nodded, also biting off pieces of dried meat under their hoods, moving off in different directions to find the path forward.

They passed through a second tunnel of ice, in the same way as the first, and into a second stone circle, the walls of which expelled eight of the jagged, icy creatures.  Tevvy, losing three daggers, and Thal, using a variation of the fire arrow, together managed to destroy six of the icy creatures in the time that Blakstar and Klaybear destroyed two.  They ate more dried meat before entering the third icy tunnel.  Thal stopped them at the end, creating a dome of silence again, so they could speak.
“If they double in numbers,” he said, rocking from foot to foot, “I do not think we can handle sixteen.”
“I’m running out of daggers,” Tevvy put in, “I have only three left.”
Blakstar nodded, giving himself a moment to think.  “Will they follow us into this tunnel?” he asked.
Thal shrugged.  “I cannot tell from what we have seen.”
“They are not difficult to defeat,” Klaybear noted, “but you are right, if they double, I doubt that we can destroy them all before one of them gets one of us, which would be fatal to all.” 
Tevvy was looking at the partially blocked opening into the next circle.  “I think I can slip through the ice there,” he said, pointing, “then I can sneak around to find the way out, then you can crash out of here, heading to wherever I am.  Thal can blast the creatures who are nearest the opening, Klaybear can open it, and we can all slip through: they have looked too big to move through these tunnels.”
All three looked at the awemi for a long moment before anyone replied.  “And if they can follow us?” Blakstar asked.
“The tunnels are quite narrow,” Tevvy shrugged, “so only one or two of them could attack us at once.”
“Maybe,” Klaybear said, “but I think these tunnels are difficult enough without having to fight off the ice creatures, and if someone sticks to the wall, how can we get him free while fighting one of these moving ice blocks?”
“I could,” Thal said, hand where his chin would be, “set off a fireball after we enter the tunnel.  That would discourage pursuit, maybe even bring down the cliff walls on top of them.  I think the space is large enough.”
Tevvy raised one eyebrow warily.  “You think it’s big enough?  What if you are wrong?  What happens then?”
Thal shrugged.  “The space is large enough that, at worst, some small amount of flame could enter the tunnels, but I suppose if I set the center closer to this side of the circle, most of the flames would shoot down this tunnel, and not the one we will be in.”
Tevvy shook his head.  “I have a bad feeling about this,” he mumbled to himself, then looked up at the others.  “Forget I said anything.”
Blakstar looked from Thal to Klaybear, then back to Thal.  “I think it is a workable plan.”  He turned to Tevvy.  “All right, thief,” he said, “let’s get you quietly through the ice so you can locate the way out.”

With the kortexi pushing, Tevvy managed to slip through the ice blocking the end of the tunnel, grumbling to himself about how he should learn to keep his mouth shut.
“Wave your arms when you find it,” Blakstar whispered past the ice, his voice light.
Tevvy strode off to his right, cursing the kortexi silently under his breath.  He moved cautiously and silently around the edge of the stone circle, hoping that he would not trigger whatever caused the ice creatures to appear.  The sounds of cracking and grinding ice surrounded him, causing him to pause frequently and look up, making sure the cliff above him was not about to fall on him.  He found the opening about halfway around the circle; stooping, he looked through one of the wider cracks near the base and could tell, from what little he could see, that this pathway was different from the others: instead of going along level, this path climbed steeply just inside the opening.  Curiosity flared inside Tevvy, so he waved to the others, pointed at the opening, then dove through one of the wider cracks.

The others watched Tevvy disappear to their right, then waited for him to reappear further around the circle.  When the awemi stepped back into their field of vision, they saw him moving slowly and cautiously, pausing and looking up frequently.
“Hopefully,” Thal said, “he won’t get buried by the cliff.”
“If he does,” Blakstar noted, “he will be lost, and we will be trapped here forever.”
“He’s quite agile,” Klaybear added, “so I think he’ll be all right.  Besides, we thought you were lost in the last realm, but a way was provided for us to continue; we are, after all, meant to pass through this test and reach the staff.”
“I hope you are right,” Blakstar said.  “He’s found the opening,” he added after a moment.  They saw Tevvy stooping, saw him wave and point, then dive into the opening.  “What’s he doing now?” Blakstar asked, sounding irritated.  He pulled out his sword and smashed through the ice, leaping forward into the stone circle.  Thal and Klaybear followed before the ice covered the opening.  As soon as Blakstar took three long strides across the circle, they heard the squelching, ringing sound all around them and saw ice creatures forming from and stepping out of the dirty gray cliffs surrounding them, more than double the number they faced in the last circle.
“That’s more than double,” Blakstar noted, and was surprised not to hear the echoes, as Thal had forgotten to cancel his orthek.
“Two dozen,” Thal said, “to be exact.”
“We have to get to the opening,” Blakstar said, “it is our only chance.”  Swinging his sword, the kortexi leapt forward to attack the creatures between them and the opening.  Klaybear brandished his mace and followed, while Thal shot bolts of fire to the right, then left, then behind them, trying to keep the creatures off their backs.  This slowed the closing of the circle of icy creatures, giving the kortexi and the kailu time to hack off limbs and smash several heads, clearing the way to the opening.  Again, Thal shot bolts of fire to the left and right, giving them time to get to the archway and smash the ice blocking it.  Blakstar and then Klaybear jumped through the opening; Thal paused long enough to gesture with his rod back over his shoulder before leaping through the now closing arch, tossing a tiny point of red light back toward the opposite side of the circle.  He turned and sang, “kweklopur-patno.”  The point of red light flashed brightly and began to grow, brightening and filling the circle, a roaring sound echoed around the circle.  When the expanding flames reached the icy gray cliffs, the flames expanded upward covering the opening, consuming the ice creatures, and melting the ice covering the opening.  As the flames started to enter the ice tunnel, Klaybear raised his staff and sang, “plotuskoit,” creating a shield of water that immediately froze, covering the tunnel behind them and blocking the flames; the wall of ice glowed with an angry red light.  They moved up the tunnel, stopping when they saw the light wink out, but the ground under them shook violently for several seconds, then they heard a rumbling sound, heard the ice shield shatter, and were covered with a spray of ice crystals.
“What was that?” Thal exclaimed, glad he had not canceled his shield of silence.
Blakstar shrugged and took a few steps back down the passage and found the way back blocked.
“I think your orthek brought down the cliffs,” he said as he returned, “blocking the way back.”  The kortexi stopped, looking up the ice tunnel, noticing light coming from somewhere ahead.  “Where did the thief get to?”
The others looked up the tunnel.  “He probably went scouting ahead,” Klaybear replied.
“Yes,” Thal added, “since he saw himself outmatched by the ice creatures.”  He chuckled, and Blakstar joined him.  The kortexi turned and started to climb the sloping tunnel; Thal and Klaybear followed, and the light grew brighter.
Blakstar stopped and turned back, reaching up to fold the narrow flap over his eyes down, covering the slit in the hood for his eyes.  “Better put your visor down,” he noted, “since it looks like we are moving out into the open.  The light reflecting off the snow can blind a person, if he looks at it for only a few seconds without the visor.”  Thal and Klaybear imitated Blakstar’s action, and discovered they could still see the outlines of the tunnel, and as they got closer to the surface and the light grew more intense, they could see clearly the opening onto the surface, and the awemi standing in the opening without his visor down, eyes wide, but seeing nothing.

Chapter 14

Each seklesi squad consists of two squad leaders, two kailum, two maghem, and four each of scouts, swords, and shields, all ranked according to ability and experience.  Each company is made of ten of these squads and a command squad consisting of two of each type–leaders, named captains, kailum, maghem, scouts, swords, and shields–plus a messenger and quartermaster.  Each legion contains ten companies and a command squad with two messengers and a quartermaster who oversees a quartet of quartermasters responsible for the supplies of the entire legion. . . .

from The Higher Orders, written by order of the Fereghen, atno 1739

Marilee gathered her squad and prepared to move forward, following the orders conveyed by the company’s messenger, instructing them to attack the enemy from the right flank.  She set them all jogging forward, following the squads of the Eighth Company around her under the same orders.  The front of the seklesi army was trying to contain the enemy within the pass, but several companies of purem and ghelem had broken out to the sides, attempting to flank the seklesem’s forward positions and cut-off support from the rear, in an effort to kill or capture their leaders.  As the Seventh and Eighth Companies jogged forward, many of the seklesem wondered why the aperum had made straight for the eighth squad’s position.  They had all witnessed the strange behavior of the aperum, flying over their forces, almost as if they were looking for that squad.  Even more astonishing was the behavior of the newest member of the eighth squad, although few knew his name, many had witnessed his singlehanded killing of two aperum; rumors sailed among the ranks, the most common being that this new seklesi had been trained separately and secretly from the rest of them as a “secret weapon” against Gar.
Marilee had a fairly shrewd idea of why the aperum had attacked her squad, but neither she, nor Delgart, mentioned their suspicions.  She wondered how Gar’s forces had known that she and Delgart would be here, and how the aperum had picked two chosen out of the entire army.  Both kept the marked halves of their faces hidden, precisely so they would not draw attention to themselves.  She was furious at Delgart for his actions, but she also recognized that many seklesem would have died, had he not acted, in their attempts to bring down the aperum, and it would have taken them a lot of time, time that the enemy could have used to flank and cut-off the forward positions and capture or kill their leaders, including the Fereghen, who led from the center position just behind the vanguard.  She wondered what would happen when her squad, more particularly, herself and Delgart, engaged the enemy ahead.  She did not have long to wait, as the Eighth Company was coming up to edges of their enemy’s flanking forces, easily cutting down the scattered stragglers who had left the main group.
“Archers,” Marilee shouted, hearing the same call echoing around her, responding to a signal from their captain, riding ahead of them, then she added, “prepare to loose.”  She kept her eyes on their captain, saw her raised arm move forward, and issued the command, hearing it repeated around her.  “Loose!” she exclaimed.  She heard the twangs and the hissing of the arrows as they flew in a high arc toward the purem and ghelem ahead, so intent on their maneuver that they had not noticed the seklesi companies approaching from the south and their left flank.  Marilee knew that an error like that could cost them the battle.  She saw the flank of the enemy crumble, heard the shouted commands, saw her captain signal again, and issued another command to the archers.  “Loose at will,” she shouted, hearing the same command repeated around her.
The enemy ahead was turning to meet them.  “Shields ready,” Marilee shouted, as the distance between them shrank to about a hundred yards.  The captain signaled.  “Wedge and swords!” Marilee shouted in response to her captain’s signal.  Her squad shifted around her, the archers slinging bows onto their backs, taking out shields and swords.  The captain signaled again, and Marilee shouted, along with the other nine squad leaders.  “Attack speed!”  They ran forward, crashing into the ranks of purem and ghelem before the enemy had time to get set.  Her squad, to the right flank and in the third rank, crashed into a company of ghelem, still trying to turn and meet them.  The shields in front of her swung swords right and left, killing ghelem with ease.  The shields allowed a few to slip past, giving Grelsor, to her right, and Lidelle, to her left, targets to attack with both mace and staff.  Hrelga and Luthina, her squad’s maghem, right behind her and the two kailum, shot arrows of ice to the squad’s sides and rear, killing any ghelem that escaped the swath of death her squad created among the company of ghelem.  The company of ghelem, being the least of Gar’s creatures and creations, seeing themselves overcome so quickly and easily, broke for the mountains to their north.  “Archers!” Marilee shouted on the signal from their captain, “loose at will against the ghelem.  Squad left!”  Her squad’s archers swapped weapons while the entire squad turned, following the other squads toward the pass and the front of their army.  Marilee looked to her left after they turned and saw the Ninth Company coming up behind them to follow the fleeing ghelem into the mountains.  She looked to her right and saw Delgart swinging his sword and cutting down any enemy coming near his side.  Still amazed by his prowess, she wondered where he would have been in their ranks had he come to them at the normal age.  She looked back to her captain, saw the signal to slow, and shouted the order, hearing other squad leaders echo her command.
They topped a rise in the terrain, looking down toward the pass’s entrance and the heaviest fighting.  Most of the enemy on this flank were destroyed and fleeing back toward the pass, although there were still several companies of purem between them and the pass.  The captain signaled they stop, and she issued the order, knowing they were halting to determine their next move.  To their right, they could see the pass choked with purem and ghelem, and several companies of wedaterem, tall, blue-skinned, hairless, wielding huge clubs.  Following them, further up the pass, Marilee thought she could see ranks of nekerpum, animated corpses and some of the worst of Gar’s forces, raised and controlled by purgle.  She immediately recognized their predicament.  Their captain signaled, and Marilee turned to Rellik.
“Take over and hold here,” Marilee said, “the captain wants to meet with us.”
Rellik nodded once, stepping up to take her place.  Marilee jogged toward the captain, following the other nine squad leaders.
“Have you seen?” the captain asked as they gathered around her.  The captain of the Eighth Company was a tall wetha with a regal face beneath her straight, black, and short-bobbed hair.
They nodded.  “We could cut our way through,” a tall thin, dark-haired leader of the first squad noted, “but it would take many days, and I do not think Shigmar can hold out that long.”
The stocky, brown-haired leader of the second squad spoke next.  “We would suffer huge losses in the attempt,” she said, “and I fear we would not have the strength to repel the enemy attacking the kailum.”
The youngest leader, of the tenth squad, a female of medium height and golden hair, looking too pretty to be a warrior, asked: “Is there no other way to approach the city?”
“There is a trail through the mountains to the west and north, on the other side of the river,” the captain noted, “but we would still have to cross the last part of the pass, just southeast of Shigmar, and that would place us in the middle of two armies, I fear,” she finished, looking to the north.
“Captain,” Marilee heard herself saying, “there is another way into Shigmar.”
All the leaders eyes fell on her.
“What way?” the captain asked.
“It is a closely kept secret of the kailu masters,” she went on, “but there is an entrance into the sewers beneath the city.”
“Surely not,” objected the first squad leader, “that is only a legend.”
“Two days ago,” Marilee said, “when I was in Shigmar, I walked out of that legend and looked on the head of the falls of the Krystal River.  My newest shield, Delgart, was with me and can vouch for me.”
The captain looked down at her messenger.  “Go to the eighth squad and bring Shield Delgart to us.”
The messenger scurried off, returning half-a-minute later with Delgart in tow.
“Can you vouch for your squad leader’s claim of an entrance into the sewers of Shigmar near the falls of the Krystal River?” the captain asked Delgart.
Delgart nodded, using the nod as an opportunity to shoot a glance at Marilee.
“What were you doing in the sewers?” the leader of the second squad asked, looking first at Delgart, then at Marilee.
Delgart could not cover the glance that he and Marilee exchanged, but he could tell that Marilee was at a loss to explain their presence in the sewers.  The truth would force them to reveal what had happened to them, especially the marks upon their faces.  Having experienced firsthand the response of the kailum to the ways they had been marked, and the way it had been glossed over by their seklesem leaders, he knew he must alter the facts to keep the true reason for their presence in the sewers hidden.  He lowered his voice.  “The kailu Headmaster, Myron, was trying to smuggle us out of the city.  Are you aware, captain, of the illness that afflicted both of us?”
His words touched something in their captain; she nodded.
“There were questions about both our illness and the manner of our healing,” Delgart went on, “that the Headmaster wanted to keep secret, believing the time not right for their general revelation.  I can only say that we were healed by a special elixir that was only in the possession of the first kortexi, Sir Karble, but has re-emerged in the hands of a new kortexi, who also carries the original sword of Sir Karble.”
Several of the older squad leaders, including the captain, recognized what Delgart was telling them, and their eyes widened.
“That was how we were able,” Delgart continued, “to travel so quickly from Shigmar to Holvar, although we stood looking at the waterfall this side of Shigmar the day before yesterday.”
Marilee glanced once at Delgart, thinking he had gone too far.  “There is a problem with this entrance,” she said, trying to divert them back to their immediate problem, “there was a narrow trail along the face of the cliff, but part of it has fallen away, so we would either have to bridge that section somehow, or maybe build scaling ladders to climb the face of the cliff to the ledge that leads into the sewers.  There is a locked gate, but I think we could get past that, if we can get up to it.”
“I will pass this information onto our legion commander,” the captain said, cutting off further discussion, “in the meantime we should fight our way toward the center below; the vanguard has been pushed back into the legion surrounding the Fereghen by a company of wedaterem along with a squad each of megatrem and krugle.  They must be dealt with before any other plans can be made.”
The captain waved her arm dismissing them, turned, then raised her arm and signaled the squads to get ready to move.  Marilee turned and jogged back to her squad, not speaking to Delgart for fear of being overheard.  Delgart recognized her silence, so he did not speak until they neared their squad.
“That was some story,” Marilee whispered, slowing to a walk.
“Why did you tell them about the sewer entrance?” Delgart asked.  “Didn’t you realize that it would lead to the awkward questions they asked?”
“I did,” Marilee said, “and I have no idea why I told them about it.  Something took over at that point and spoke the words before I could stop myself.”
Delgart looked at her for a moment before speaking and smiled.  “Then I guess you now understand why I attacked the aperum.”
“I . . . ,” she began, her mouth falling open, but she could not say anything.
“Being chosen,” he whispered more softly than before, “is more problematic than we thought.  Wasn’t there something in the prophecy about this,” he asked, “that we would cause things to happen, merely by being present?”
Marilee could not answer, as they had reached their squad.  “Ready?” she asked Rellik as Delgart moved back to his position.
“Ready,” Rellik replied, moving back to his place.
Marilee raised her hand in a fist, signaling the captain her squad’s readiness; a few moments later, the captain signaled they move, and after they started forward, signaled that the archers prepare to loose on the purem just below and ahead of them.  Several other companies from their legion, the Third, were already engaged below and to Marilee’s left.  Their captain signaled the archers loose arrows at will, and Marilee issued the command.  Fewer of the purem ahead crumbled, compared to the ghelem they had just scattered, being better protected, but their arrow storm had the effect of turning the nearest company of purem to face them and offer its own volley.
“Shields up!” Marilee commanded, and the same order echoed around her.  The archers in her squad loosed another arrow each, then her squad tightened around her as shields were raised overhead.  To her right and left, Grelsor and Lidelle raised their staves through the roof of shields and barked in unison, “aterskoit!”  There was a flash of red flames overhead, and Marilee knew that any purem arrows that fell on her squad would be consumed by the flaming shield the kailum had erected over their heads.  A crackling sound overhead indicated that the arrows had struck the kailu shield.  “Wedge and shields!” Marilee commanded, as they were nearly upon the company of purem.  Aranik, second shield, stumbled and fell, clutching the bolt sticking out of his thigh, his dark, curly hair looking as wild as his face.  Marilee vaulted over him, saw Hranda and Delgart shift left to take his place.  “Heavy archers!” she shouted.  Lidelle left her side to help the fallen shield.
“Ahead and right!” Mitha, the tall and sinewy second sword, shouted; she had a white scar running along her jawline, right side of her face.
“Orthek!” Marilee shouted as her front rank crashed into the purem, cutting them down but slowing their forward progress.
“Wedro-pleugikel!” Hrelga and Luthina shouted in unison from behind her.  A sphere of blue light flew forward and exploded at the center of the squad of heavy archers.  Fragments of the sphere became many ice arrows that ripped apart the squad of heavy archers; only a few remained standing, although severely wounded.  Marilee looked left to their company captain and saw her falling from her horse, hit by one of the last bolts of the heavy archers.  She looked back at her front line, and saw that fourth sword Peltha had also been hit by the heavy archers; Rolva pulled her back and took her place, as Lidelle came back.  Marilee swung her sword at the puri Peltha had been fighting, neatly removing his sword arm.  Rolva lunged forward, taking the opening provided, stabbing the puri’s chest.  Ice arrows shot past her, bringing down the last of the heavy archers.  To her right, she saw that Delgart had slung his shield onto his back and picked up another saber from one of the fallen puri, and he was a blur of whirling blades that cut down any puri that came within reach of either arm.  Marilee watched him for a moment, amazed at the effectiveness of his actions.  Beside her, Grelsor and Lidelle alternated between crushing puri skulls and healing the wounds the shields received as they fought their way forward.  Marilee moved forward to aid the left side of her squad, as the right side, solely on the basis of Delgart, was moving ahead of them.  This brought her squad into the front rank of her company, and a clearer view of the battle below.
The enemy, because of the megatrem and the krugle, were now engaged with the elite companies guarding the Fereghen, and from what Marilee could see, the seklesem were withering under the advance of the megatrem and krugle.
“The Fereghen!” their company captain shouted, back on her horse, her left arm bound in a sling.  “To the Fereghen!” she shouted, and her shout was heard all around them, as the other company captains of the Third Legion saw the Fereghen’s plight.  Across the pass, the Fourth Legion was bogged down in a fight with companies of wedaterem, and the First and Second Legions had been driven back on either side of the Fereghen’s elite legion by other companies of wedaterem and purem.  The Third Legion was thus left to come to the aid of the Fereghen and ground its way toward him, from the rear of the enemy.  The Third Legion was led by the prowess of the Eighth Company, and the Eighth Company got its inspiration from the eighth squad, and the newest member of that squad, Delgart.  More than ten years of hard living, a slave to pirates, well-prepared Delgart for battle, and the sword techniques he had mastered inspired his squad to redoubled effort, which spurred the Eighth Company forward, and the other companies of the Third Legion rushed after the Eighth.  The Third Legion’s progress slowed when the Eighth Company engaged the squad of krugle following the megatrem assaulting the Fereghen.
“Spread formation!” Marilee shouted, seeing as they approached that the biggest danger with the krugle was the huge hammer each carried, which could wipe out a squad grouped tightly together with a single swing.  “Archers!” Marilee shouted, “loose at will!”
The arrows did little damage to the krugle, their skin being thick and hard, like the elemental ice from which they had been formed, but it caused one of the giant, bearded krugle to turn and face them.  Delgart darted in, swords swinging and cutting at the legs of the giant.  The krugle roared in fury, swinging his hammer to crush the insolent fly stinging his legs.  Delgart was ready for this, darting to the left as the hammer came down, the head sinking to the handle in the ground.  Delgart swung both sabers in quick succession, striking at the krugle’s wrist.  The giant released the handle of his hammer, now roaring in pain.  The archers of the squad loosed arrows at the krugle’s face, while the other swords and shields darted in to slice at the giant’s legs, but first sword Klarik, thin and wiry with limp brown hair, dodged the wrong way and was hit by the krugle’s flailing left fist; he flew ten feet behind the giant and did not get up.  The giant tried to grab his hammer a second time, but Delgart was waiting, swinging both swords as before, shearing off the giant’s right hand; the blue-blood dripped onto the ground, freezing immediately.  The krugle staggered back, howling in pain and holding the stump of his right arm.  Delgart darted forward between the giant’s legs as he staggered, swords swinging and cutting the tendons behind the krugle’s knees.  The giant crumpled to the ground; Delgart rolled to his left and onto his feet, leaping onto the chest of the fallen giant.  Reversing his grip on both sabers, he drove them both into the chest of the krugle, who struggled for a moment before going still.
A cheer erupted around them, but Marilee’s shout cut through the sound: “Lookout!” she shouted at Delgart.
Delgart used his two sabers, still stuck in the dead krugle, to vault himself back toward Marilee, but one of the sabers stuck when he tried to pull them both free, and he narrowly missed having his left hand crushed by the krugle who had come to the aid of her comrade.  Because she stretched forward as she swung to crush Delgart, the newest seklesi found himself beneath the attacker; he heard the sound of crunching bones as the krugle’s hammer struck the chest of her fallen comrade.  Grabbing his remaining saber with both hands, Delgart drove the point straight up and into the chest of the krugle, who was leaning over him, just beneath the wide band of fur covering her breasts.  He had just enough time to leap out of the way before she slumped to the ground, leaving his saber behind.  Marilee looked up, surprised to see that all the krugle had turned toward Delgart.  This gave the other squads of the Eighth Company opportunities to dart after them, hamstringing them as they had seen Delgart do to the first ice giant.  Delgart rolled left, then right, escaping the hammer blows meant to crush him.  The krugle still standing had to turn and face the other squads of the Eighth Company, giving the eighth squad a few moments to rest and resupply from the company quartermaster, who had caught up to them, leading a laden horse.  Marilee again shouted at Delgart, calling him a fool and then throwing her arms around his neck and kissing him.  She looked up into his eyes and released him, suddenly noticing how much he looked like Rokwolf.  She flushed and turned away.
“You’ll need new swords,” Marilee stammered.  Her voice grew stronger.  “Archers, resupply and reform.”  Grelsor walked toward her.  “Klarik?” she asked, even though she could see the answer written in the lines of her chief kailu’s face.
“Broken neck,” Grelsor said sadly.
The corners of Marilee’s mouth twitched.  “Form up!” she shouted to cover her feelings.  She turned to see how the rest of the company fared, and she saw that they were just bringing down the last krugle.  Her eyes moved past them to the megatrem and saw the elite guard around the Fereghen falling.  To her right, she saw companies of the tall wedaterem turning from the battle with the Fourth Legion to come their way, but the Seventh, Ninth, and Tenth Companies of the Third Legion were moving to protect the Eighth Company’s exposed flank.  Up the pass, she saw the companies of nekerpum blocking the pass but not moving forward to attack.  This caused her to pause momentarily, wondering why they did not attack.  The First through Sixth Companies of the Third Legion were moving to attack the legion of purem driving back the Second Legion.  Again, the Eighth Company was left to deal with the megatrem attacking the Fereghen, with their sooty red skin and flaming swords.  Her squad formed around her, now four short.
“Let’s go,” she said, casting a glance at Delgart, whirling his two new sabers eagerly.  The company quartermaster moved among the other squads, who had just brought down the last of the krugle.  Marilee directed her squad to the closest of the three remaining megatrem.  “Archers,” she shouted, “get his attention,” she pointed at the nearest of the three.
The archers in her squad directed several volleys at the nearest megatri who turned to see who or what attacked him.  He roared with laughter seeing the single squad moving toward him; he strode forward, swinging his flaming sword, long as the height of two wethem.  Where the krugle were nearly three times the height of the seklesem, the megatrem were four times as tall; one of them with a sword could cut down an entire squad with a single, well-aimed stroke.  Unlike the krugle, the megatrem were accomplished smiths, so each one was heavily armored in sooty black iron plates.
“Spread out!” Marilee shouted.  She could hear the shouts of the other squad leaders of her company behind her and moving her way.  If they could just keep him occupied and stay out of his way, they just might survive this encounter.  Her squad spread out, forming a partial circle around the megatri, just out of reach of his sword.  The giant wore a great black helmet with a visor that protected his eyes; he laughed when volley after volley from the archers bounced of his armor and thick skin.
“Fools!” he roared.  “Do you not recognize death when you see it?”  He smiled wickedly at them.  “Soon we will have your Fereghen, and my lord will crush him with his bare hand!  Surrender, and we will spare your lives!”  He lunged toward them with his sword, and her squad scattered away from the blade.  He roared again with laughter.  “You scatter like frightened mice!”
Out of the corner of her eye, Marilee saw someone moving.  “Delgart!  No!” she shouted, but too late, for the megatri had seen him.
“What’s this?” the giant asked.
“You do not frighten me,” Delgart shouted up at the megatri.  “You are much like the fire from which you were bred: loud and noisy and nothing but hot air.”
“Have you come to die first, little mouse?” the megatri laughed.
“No, kaiwi,” Delgart retorted.  “I have killed already this day an orange and a blue aperum, two of your krugle friends, and scores of purem and ghelem, without breaking into a sweat.  I will kill you, too, kaiwi.”
The megatri threw back his head to laugh, which was a ploy to cover his attack: his sword whistled through the air toward Delgart.  But the newest seklesi was counting on this action; he rolled forward between the megatri’s legs, coming to his feet and slicing left then right with his swords.  The megatri’s greaves fell off with a loud clatter.
“I am too quick for you, kaiwi,” Delgart shouted up at him.
As the megatri turned, Delgart dodged his huge feet, slicing right and left with his swords, cutting the straps of the megatri’s huge leather sandals; the megatri stumbled, his feet tangled in the remains of his sandals, and again, Delgart darted between his legs and behind him.  Marilee suddenly saw the wisdom of Delgart’s brash move: the megatri were so tall that the closer one was to the giant, the harder one was, for the sooty, red-skinned monster, to hit.  Marilee looked up from Delgart, just as Delgart passed between the megatri’s legs, and she saw the second megatri coming toward them.
“Lookout!” Marilee shouted.
“I see!” Delgart shouted back.
“Archers all!” Marilee shouted to her squad, and heard the other squad leaders echoing her command.  “Aim for the joints and the leather straps securing their armor!”
Delgart leapt over the sword swing of the second megatri, then darted back between the legs of the first, who was still turning.  As he passed, he sliced at the huge calves of the first, causing him to roar in pain and fury.  He grasped his huge sword with both hands, reversing it to stab down.  Delgart turned and, seeing what the megatri was about to do, paused long enough for the giant to aim and stab down in all his fury.  Delgart rolled forward just in time, and the blade sank halfway to the handle in the ground.  The newest seklesi came to his feet beneath the megatri, and whirling his swords, sliced up the underside of the giant’s exposed wrists and forearms, but Delgart, seeing that the second megatri was waiting for him to dart between the first’s legs, slid and backpedaled to avoid the stroke aimed at him by the second.  The first, feeling the searing pain in his forearms, released his blade and staggered back, roaring in pain.  The second, seeing his comrade moving into his swing, tried to pull it up short, but the point of his sword caught the hip of the first, and, although the first was protected by a coat of huge steel rings, beneath the iron breastplate, that fell past his hips, he staggered sideways, tripped, and crashed to the ground.  The squads of the Eighth Company on that side scattered to avoid being crushed, but a few of the seklesem dropped their shields and, gripping their swords with both hands, darted forward to hack at the fallen megatri’s now exposed neck; his roar of pain became a gurgle as the huge head was cut from the body, which thrashed on the ground violently, knocking down many seklesem and showering them in the megatri’s fiery red blood.  But the kailum were ready for this, and shouts of “kreyakwa,” echoed around the fallen megatri.  Jets of water shot from many staves, washing off the blood before it could do more than burn through clothes and blister the skin.
Delgart, as the first megatri staggered and fell, could only leap and roll to his right.  The second megatri, not expecting to meet any resistance to his sword stroke, fumbled and dropped his huge blade, staggering to his left.  Several of the seklesem on this side of the battle, inspired by Delgart, darted forward swinging swords and slicing at the second megatri’s left leg and the leather straps holding the huge iron leg greave in place.  The greave fell down, tangling in the megatri’s great feet, causing him also to fall.  The squads on this side of the battle also scattered, darted back, hacked off the head, and were drenched in water, washing off the hot, fiery blood of the second megatri.  A shout went up: “Del-gart!” begun by the eighth squad, taken up by the rest of the Eighth Company.  But Delgart took no heed; he was running forward, swords whirling, toward the final megatri, largest of the three and the apparent leader of this part of Gar’s forces.  The surviving members of the Eighth Company sprinted after Delgart, still chanting his name; Marilee ahead of them all.
The megatri, hearing the shouting behind him, turned to see who was approaching; he saw Delgart and Marilee running ahead of the others and he smiled.  Tossing aside the body in his right hand, he held up his left so that all could see who he held.  “Hold!” he roared.  “I have your Fereghen, wethem!”
All of the Eighth Company halted, save for Delgart and Marilee, who continued to charge forward.  The megatri smiled more widely at this, waving his right hand.  First Delgart, and then Marilee, crashed into some invisible barrier and bounced backward onto the ground.  Delgart got back to his feet, followed immediately by Marilee, and the two walked slowly forward, poking at the invisible barrier with their swords.  The sounds of the battle died around them, all eyes turning toward the megatri, who held Fereghen Wothgart in his left hand.
After silence fell, the megatri held out his right hand toward Delgart and Marilee, who stood facing him.  “Behold!” his voice boomed, echoing across the battlefield, “those chosen of the One!”  The forefinger of the megatri’s right hand made a circling motion, and a whirlwind surrounded Delgart and Marilee, whipping off the bandages both had kept tightly wrapped around their faces, uncovering the ruined half of each’s face.  The right hand made a lifting gesture, and both rose into the air, turning and twisting several times before their maimed cheeks were smashed together.  Both let out a cry of pain as the two halves of the symbol came together and burned with an angry red light.  They floated a dozen feet in the air, spinning slowly so that all still living across the battlefield could see the mark of Gar glowing between their two faces.
“Behold your saviors,” the megatri spat, “marked with the sign of Gar!  None can escape the Great Lord’s touch.  He will crush all under his feet!  Surrender!  And I will be merciful,” he finished, grinning evilly.
A hissing whisper filled the silence following the megatri’s demand, traveling quickly across the battlefield and then returning to the Eighth Company of the Third Legion, nearest to the megatri.  The captain of the Eighth Company rode forward a little, arm still bound in a sling.
“We will not surrender,” she threw back defiantly.  “It is you who are beaten.  Release them, and we will spare you.”
The megatri roared with laughter, crushing Wothgart in his left hand and flinging his broken body aside; the Fereghen’s crown fell to the ground in front of the megatri, who crushed it under one of his giant feet.  But instead of demoralizing the seklesem around him, his action sparked a flame of fury that rose within the seklesem still living.  The First Legion surged forward, cutting down the purem between them and the Fourth Legion; the Second also pushed forward, crushing the purem into the elements of the Third, grinding them into the ground.  The rest of the Third, minus the Eighth Company, and the Fourth Legion, both drove forward, cutting down the remaining wedaterem.  This left the Eighth Company of the Third Legion to deal with the megatri.  The thirty or so maghem and kailum of the squads of the Eighth Company, took the fall of Wothgart and their potikoro, Korowold, personally, and bolts of white lightning and green fire shot at the megatri from all directions, ripping open his armor.  Arrows from all the archers followed, sticking the megatri like a pin-cushion.  The maghem sent arrows of stone and ice that ripped through the megatri, who fell in pieces scattered across the ground.  What caused them the most surprise was that Delgart and Marilee continued to float in the air after the megatri died.  A shadow rose from the broken body of the megatri, coalescing into a black-cloaked, hooded figure.  The figure laughed a high pitched laugh, sounding like bones clinking together.
“You think you have won,” the figure hissed, “but this is only the first battle, and the Great Lord’s forces are endless.  You have defeated only the vanguard of our army.  The rest are waiting for you in the pass.  You will not come to Shigmar before it is destroyed!”  The figure laughed again and changed into a bolt of red fire, flying into the air toward the north.  They heard multiple shouts from the pass, and the nekerpum held in reserve ground forward.

Chapter 15

Rod making is a most delicate art, depending entirely upon the inherent power and actual experience of the rod maker.  The most basic rod, constructed by initiates of our order, is made from the most basic material, clay. . . .  The most powerful rods are constructed by the most experienced and powerful maghem from the rarest of all materials, platinum, which legend says comes from the broken body of a platinum aperu, who wrapped herself around the core of our world, preventing its destruction shortly after its formation. . . .

from Annals of Melbarth, Third Series, Early Lectures of the Hierarchs
Lecture by Hierarch Skrifeki, Keeper of Records

Blakstar moved forward to lower the visor on Tevvy’s hood, and saw that the awemi’s eyes had lost their color.  His hands faltered.
“Is that you, Klaybear?” Tevvy asked, his head moving toward the sounds.
“I’m here,” Klaybear said in a whisper.
Tevvy’s head turned toward the sound.  “I’m afraid,” he stammered, “something has happened to my eyes.”
“You stepped into the brightness without protecting your eyes,” Blakstar said, dully, and he reached out again and lowered the visor on the awemi’s hood.
“I . . . , uh,” Tevvy stuttered again, “I thought you would not need me, so I decided to scout ahead, in case we were pursued by the creatures, so we’d know where to go.  When I got to the top of the tunnel, before I could cover my eyes, the light flashed so brightly . . . ,” he hesitated, not wanting to say what happened.
“And now,” Blakstar finished, “you cannot see anything.”
“Can you help me, Klaybear?” Tevvy asked.  “Aren’t you kailum able to heal blindness?”
“I’m afraid,” Klaybear sighed, “that it is beyond my ability, although Klare might be able to help you, since she’s better at healing than I am.”
“Well then,” Tevvy said, rising to his feet, “you’ll have to send me to her when we get back to the tomb.”
Thal shook his head, but did not speak.
“First,” Blakstar said, “we have to get out of here.”  He put one hand on his forehead and scanned the horizon.  They stood on the edge of a flat, white plain, with the dirty, white mountains behind them.  The kortexi turned to the left, then all the way to the right, then back to center.  “I think,” he said hesitantly, pointing, “there is something in that direction.”
“What?” Thal asked.
“A rise in an otherwise completely flat plain,” he replied.  “We need some way to lead him,” he noted softly, pointing at Tevvy.
The tekson looked at each other for a moment, then Thal held out his rod and whispered, “kresko.”  The rod started to grow longer, stopping at a dozen feet when Thal waved his hand.  He held it out for Klaybear.  “You take that end, and we’ll place him between us.”
The green kailu nodded, taking the end of the rod in his right hand and holding the rod behind him.  Blakstar took Tevvy’s arm and steered him next to Thal’s lengthened rod.
“Hold onto Thal’s rod,” Blakstar said after placing the awemi’s hand upon it.
“Where are the others?” Tevvy asked.
“I’m in front of you,” Klaybear said.
“And I’m behind,” Thal added.
“I’ll be in front,” Blakstar said, moving in front of Klaybear, the hard packed snow crunching under his boots, although his feet made hardly any impression.  “Distance is hard to judge in the brightness, but I’d guess the rise is several miles away, maybe more.”
On their first steps forward, first a breeze, then a wind, and finally, a blast of frigid air, blew straight at them; their movement dragged, so Tevvy had no trouble keeping up.
“I think we’re going the right way,” Thal shouted.
“What makes you say that?” Blakstar shouted back.
“The wind,” Thal replied.
Blakstar nodded, trudging forward into the teeth of the gale.
How much time passed, Blakstar could not tell; the light never changed; the wind never varied, and like the fire realm, they trudged forward until Blakstar felt Klaybear’s warming orthek run out.  Then they would huddle around Tevvy, and Klaybear would pull off one mitten so he could touch each of them and renew the orthek.  And it was only blind Tevvy’s awemi sense of direction that kept them from veering off and walking in an endless circle: the wind, they discovered, moved with them.
“Left a bit,” Tevvy would shout to Klaybear, who then shouted to Blakstar.  “There,” Tevvy would shout, and they trudged on until Tevvy shouted again.  “Right, now.  That’s good.”  And so it went on for what could have been minutes, or hours, or days, or centuries; none could tell.  Blakstar kept going forward until, after more than a dozen renewals of the warming orthek, Tevvy stumbled, and Blakstar hoisted him onto his back; then Thal stumbled, and Klaybear helped him to his feet and supported him as they walked; then Klaybear and Thal stumbled and fell.  Blakstar turned and saw they had fallen, staggering back to where they were.  He had to drop Tevvy onto the ground, then he tried to pull Thal up, failed, and tried to lift Klaybear to his feet, but the attempt only drove him to his knees.  He looked around and the wind stopped howling at them; his vision cleared, and he saw that they were near the top of the rise he had seen.  Crawling to the top, he scraped away the snow and found a black stone, covered with runes, glowing softly with green light.  He took out his sword and touched the golden glowing pommel stone to the symbol that would lead them back to the tomb of Shigmar.  The light folded around him and the hilltop, and all went dark, but the air he breathed was now warm.  Lifting his visor, he saw that they were all sprawled on the floor of the room in Shigmar’s tomb.  He pulled off his hood, mittens, and coat, tossing them aside; he paused, for he heard a new sound in the room: the sound of water falling.  Turning, he saw that the crates were no longer stacked against the wall of the tomb, but there was a simple fountain, and he felt that familiar sensation tickling the bridge of his nose.  He crawled across the stone floor to the fountain, put his mouth under the stream of falling water, and drank the Waters of Life.  He felt both warmth and energy surging from the center of his stomach out to the tips of his fingers and toes; his feet and legs felt suddenly hot, so he turned, and with his back against the stone rim of the fountain, stripped off his furry pants and boots.  He stood and went to the cot where he had left the rest of his gear to retrieve the special container.  He filled it at the fountain, went to Thal, pulled open the face flap of his hood, and lifted his head and poured the Waters into his mouth.  The white maghi drank eagerly for a moment, then his eyes flew open and he sat up.
“What happened?” Thal asked, looking around.  “Last thing I remember was falling to the ground.”
Blakstar nodded.  “We made it to the hill I saw,” he said, “and I found a portal stone, activated it, and we came back here.”
“Extarordinary!” Thal exclaimed.
Blakstar moved to Klaybear.  “You’ll want to get out of those furs before you roast,” he said, lifting the kailu’s head and pouring the Waters into his mouth.
As Klaybear drank, Thal stripped off his furs, folded them and placed them on his cot.  “The crates are gone,” he noted.
Blakstar nodded again as Klaybear’s eyes opened and the green kailu sat up.  “Yes,” Blakstar agreed, “and they were replaced by a fountain of the Waters of Life.”
“Convenient,” Klaybear noted, after looking around.  “I’m quite warm now,” he added, pulling off the hood and mittens.
Blakstar smiled and went to Tevvy.  “What do we do about him?” he asked, pointing down.
“Try giving him the Waters,” Klaybear said, pulling off the rest of his furs and piling them on his cot.  “Maybe pour some on his eyes to see if that helps.”
Blakstar squatted next to Tevvy; Klaybear crawled over to his other side, helping the kortexi remove the furs, then he held the awemi’s eyes open while Blakstar dripped some of the Waters into each of his white eyes.  Klaybear cradled Tevvy’s head and opened his mouth, so the kortexi could pour the Waters in and drink.  Like the others, Tevvy drank eagerly and kept drinking until the bottle was nearly drained.  Blakstar raised an eyebrow at this, but Klaybear merely waited.  When Tevvy’s eyes fluttered open, both could see that some of their former color had returned, but not all.
“Where are we?” Tevvy asked.
“Back in the tomb,” Klaybear said.  “How are your eyes?”
“I think I can . . . ,” Tevvy started to say and sit up, more color returning to them, but then he fell back and his eyes went white again, “no, I cannot see.”
“What happened?” Klaybear asked.
“When I woke up,” Tevvy said, hesitantly, “I thought I could see your face, but then it all went black.”
Blakstar looked at Klaybear who nodded to the fountain.  “What do you think?” he asked.
Blakstar looked at the fountain then shrugged.  “It might work.”
“Tevvy,” Klaybear said, “let’s get you to your feet and take you to the fountain.”
“What fountain?” Tevvy asked.
“When we were returned to the tomb,” Blakstar said, “the crates of supplies were gone and replaced by a fountain of the Waters of Life.”
Tevvy stopped and grabbed both.  “My gear?” he asked.
“On the cot where you left it.” Klaybear replied, after looking that direction.
Tevvy relaxed his grip on both arms and let out a sigh.  “For a moment,” he said as they lead him to the fountain, “I feared we were in a different room.”
“Here,” Klaybear said, taking Tevvy’s hands and placing them on the rim of the fountain.  “I’ll help you guide your face into the basin; put it in and open your eyes to see if direct contact with the Waters helps.”
Tevvy knelt by the rim and with Klaybear’s help, put his face into the Waters, holding his breath.  After several moments, Tevvy threw his head back and looked into Klaybear’s eyes.  For a moment, Klaybear saw that their normal color had returned, but as soon as the Waters ran out of his eyes, they turned white again.
“For a moment,” Tevvy said, “I could see, but now . . . ,” he left his sentence unfinished.
Blakstar looked at Klaybear, puzzled.  “Why?” the kortexi asked.
Klaybear shook his head.  “This is not normal snowblindness,” he noted.  “Something else has happened.”  He turned to Thal, who had just finished reloading the pouches on his belt.  “I think you should check his mind,” he said to the white maghi.
Thal replaced his rod, and moved to the fountain.  His eyes went distant.  “Put your face in again and open your eyes,” he said after a moment.
The awemi stuck his face in again, then lifted it up, his eyes clearing again for a moment.
Thal spoke again.  “I see nothing unusual; everything looks right;  I don’t see any changes,” he finished, his eyes refocusing.
“The Waters start to heal him,” Klaybear said softly, shaking his head, “but fail.  There is something else going on here,” he finished to himself.
“What should we do with him?” Blakstar asked.  “I don’t think it would be safe to take him with us.”
“I do not think we can leave him behind,” Klaybear said.
“You said you thought Klare could heal me,” Tevvy put in, “why don’t you send me to her?”
“How do I know where to send him?” Blakstar asked.
“I’m not sure you can,” Thal said.
“Why not?” Tevvy asked.
“I think the teka of this place will prevent you from opening a door,” Thal said.
“You won’t know until you try,” Tevvy said.
“Again, how do I know where?” Blakstar repeated.
Thal shrugged.  “Try focusing on Klare,” he suggested, “maybe that will work.”
Blakstar nodded and drew his sword, all his mind focused on Klare.  He started to draw the circle on the floor.
“Don’t forget to draw energy from the sword,” Thal added needlessly.
The kortexi raised the sword and inscribed the gray shimmering arch in the air.  The space shimmered once and they saw Klare kneeling next to her mother and sister; Rokwolf appeared to be frozen in the act of nocking an arrow.  Thal reached out to put his hand through the arch but was stopped by something and could only touch the surface of the arch without passing into it.  The three stood silently for a few moments, examining the arch, until Blakstar lifted his sword and the arch winked out.
“How peculiar,” Thal noted.
“What?” Tevvy asked.  “Tell me what you see!”
“Blakstar opened the archway,” Klaybear replied, “and we saw Klare and Rokwolf, watching over Klare’s mother and sister, but we could not enter the archway.  It looked like they were frozen in place, with Rokwolf trying to nock an arrow.”
“Of course!” Thal exclaimed.  “This is like our chamber beneath Shigmar!”
“What do you mean?” Blakstar asked.  Klaybear still stared at the space where he had seen Klare through the doorway.
“That this tomb moves in a different time than the world outside,” Thal replied.
“Which is why,” Klaybear said, at last looking up, “the supplies in the crates appeared to be new, even though more than three millennia have passed since the time of Shigmar.”
“Yes,” Thal said, broadly, “time, in the tomb, has moved very little since the beginning, and I would bet that time here only moves when someone is present, so we will find, when we leave, that seemingly no time has passed outside.”
Blakstar was shaking his head.  “That cannot be right,” he said.
Thal looked puzzled.  “Why not?”
“The color of the sun,” Blakstar replied.
“What?” Thal asked.
“We entered at sunset,” Blakstar said, “and it looked like it was right before dawn where Klare is.”
Thal opened his mouth, then closed it suddenly.  “I don’t know why that would be,” he said after a time.
Blakstar shook his head again.  “It does not matter,” he said, then added, “right now.  Right now we only need to decide on what to do with him,” he finished, pointing at Tevvy.
“I think we have to take him with us,” Thal said.  “I do not think the teka of this place will allow us to go forward without him.  Besides,” he added, “we have only one more elemental realm to pass through; we should be nearing the end.”
“And when we are attacked?” Blakstar objected.  “What then?”
“We will do as we have done,” Klaybear said, “meet it and defeat it, whatever it is.  Thal is right, the teka of this place requires us to take him along.”
Blakstar nodded.  “Where next?”
“Air,” Thal replied, “the only realm we have not visited.”
Blakstar turned toward the archway to see if Thal was right.


“Open, fortified high places made from mist,” Thal translated and read, “evil threats their favorite prey, tearing bodies, hearts, and lives,” he finished.
“I don’t like the sound of that,” Tevvy noted.
“We are not evil,” Blakstar said.
“Oh, right,” Tevvy said.  “Does that mean we won’t be attacked?”
“Are you sure it’s air?” Blakstar asked.
“Pretty sure,” Thal replied, “the fortified high places.”
“Aeries,” Klaybear said.  “Those are all words used when speaking of birds of prey.”
“Or pirates,” Thal added, “but since it seems to be about birds, I chose words that related to them rather than pirates.”
“No one answered my question,” Tevvy noted.
“It does not sound like we will,” Thal replied, “although Gar has corrupted many air creatures, like the aperum, and employed them in his service.”
“But there are good aperum,” Blakstar put in, surprising the others, “I met some of them on the Mountain of Vision; they rescued me when I fell, and carried me to the top.”
Thal smiled.  “All of Gar’s creatures are corruptions of the One’s creatures, so there are ‘good’ versions of them.”
“However,” Klaybear put in, “this is a test, so I’m reluctant to claim that we will not be attacked.”
“True,” Thal retorted, “but ‘test’ is not the right word, since its ultimate purpose is to prevent anyone but us,” he pointed at all of them, “from reaching the staff, so we might not be attacked.”
Blakstar shook his head, slamming his sword into its sheath.  “Again,” he said, “this discussion is a waste of time, since all we need to do is move forward,” he finished, pointing to the arch.
Thal laughed; Klaybear smiled.  The white maghi turned and bowed with a flourish to Blakstar.  “You, my friend,” he laughed, “are quite correct.  Let’s gather up the rest of our equipment, weapons, and armor.”  Once they had replaced their supplies and strapped their armor back on, Tevvy making a fuss about where all his tiny bottles went in his pouches, Thal touched the symbol for air and followed Blakstar through the arch; Klaybear took Tevvy by the arm and stepped through.
As with the other elemental realms, Blakstar landed on a stone circle, much smaller than all those others, surrounded by bright blue sky, both above and below the stone circle, which did not have any visible support.  Thin, wispy clouds floated lazily by.  As his feet touched the stone, a gong sounded from somewhere beneath them; in the far distance all around them, he could just make out tiny specks moving.  Birds of all sizes fluttered past; the sounds of their singing filled his ears.  The air smelled fresh and clean, like the air after a violent summer storm.  A dark speck, straight ahead of where he stood, came racing toward him, growing larger by the second, looking like a great, winged creature.  The front of it was like an eagle only much larger; its forefeet were the talons of the eagle; the back half of its body looked like the back half of some large, feline creature, with a long tail that appeared to be spiked.
Thal gasped, his eyes wide.
“What is it?” Blakstar asked.
“A . . . a myth,” the maghi stuttered.
The creature pulled up just in front of the companions, backpedaling in the air, huge wings wafting a breeze toward them that stirred their cloaks and hair, taloned and clawed feet grasping at the air.  It made a sound between a croak and a scream, wheeled over onto its back, righted itself, and flew swiftly back the way it had come.
“What was that?” Klaybear asked.
“Was that a word it croaked?” Blakstar asked at the same time.
“It’s named . . . ,” Thal went on, but then said, “what?  A word?”  His brow wrinkled.  “What word?”
The kortexi thought for a moment.  “It sounded like, ‘gu-sum.’”
Tevvy’s brow wrinkled, his white eyes wide and staring.  “No,” he corrected, “it was ‘gheusum.’”
Klaybear and Thal exchanged a look.
“Are you sure?” Thal asked.
Tevvy nodded.  “Pretty sure,” he said.  “Is that a word in the orthek language?”
Thal looked puzzled.  “Orthek language?”
“The old language you both use to cast ortheks,” he said.
“Oh,” Thal said, still looking at Klaybear, “you mean ancient?  Yes, it is a word in ancient, which means, chosen.”
“So,” Blakstar began, “why did you call it a myth?”
“He is named Felorno,” Thal said, “and, according to legend, he is the messenger of the Lord of Air, Wethkuro.”
As they spoke, other creatures of this realm flew or floated past, all croaking or piping the same word they had heard from Felorno, “gheusum.”  They heard it repeated over and over, although the voices varied greatly.  Most resembled the flying creatures with which they were familiar: from small starlings and finches to large hawks, eagles, and the lonely albatross.  Some resembled horses, although their hooves never touched the ground: the white and silver kerono with a single long horn in their foreheads; the markornem with their wings and colors like great hawks or eagles, and the ekludem, larger than the kerono, with a pair of horns and shining golden coats and long manes, flashing brilliantly golden in the bright light.  There were also huge, wethi-like creatures: the moroskum, white and wispy, made from the clouds, with voices that whispered like the gentle breeze, and the potiethro, largest of all the giant wethi-like creatures, made from dark storm clouds, with voices that rattled like thunder.  Three aperum, a gold, a silver, and a copper, flew straight toward them from dead ahead, flying over their heads and diving behind and beneath the stone circle.  The three hissed as they passed overhead.  “Gwemo!  Gheusum de Eli!”  When the three emerged from beneath and in front of the circle, they were attached to huge harnesses, the gold in the center and out front, the silver just behind and right, the copper just behind the silver and left.  The stone circle moved smoothly forward, pulled by the three aperum.
As the stone circle moved forward, Thal, for the benefit of Tevvy, named and described the different creatures of this realm.  Felorno soon returned, landing on the circle and giving them a deep bow.
“Welcome, chosen of the One!” Felorno said, his voice high-pitched and croaky.  “I bring you greetings from the ruler of this realm, Lord Wethkuro, greatest of the potiethro, master of the storm.  We will escort you to his presence, where he desires to speak . . . ,” Felorno paused, looking at Tevvy.  “What is wrong with your awemi?” he asked.
“He was blinded in the ice realm,” Klaybear replied.
“And you cannot heal him?” Felorno asked, surprised.
“My wife is the healer,” Klaybear said, “but she did not come. . . .”
“She was not supposed to come with you,” Felorno interrupted, “only the three of you and your klitodweri could have entered this space.”
“Neither I, nor the Waters of Life,” Klaybear went on, “could heal him, although the Waters returned his vision, but only for a few seconds before the milky white color and blindness returned.”
Felorno shook his head.  “This is wrong,” he said simply.  “I must consult with my lord; I will return in a few minutes,” he finished, turning and taking flight.
Thal and Klaybear exchanged a look.
“What did he mean, wrong?” Tevvy asked.
“I would guess,” Thal replied, scratching his chin, “that your blindness is wrong.”
“It sounded to me,” Klaybear added, “like we should have been able to heal you, and the fact that we could not is wrong.”
They fell silent for a time, Blakstar watching the creatures of air that continued to pass near the stone circle, still chirping,  singing, or croaking the same word.  Tevvy sat on the stone, unmoving; Klaybear stood beside him.  Blakstar stood at the forward edge of the circle, watching the aperum; Thal started pacing back and forth across the circle, mumbling to himself.
“He returns,” Blakstar noted after a few minutes of silent watching.
Felorno landed again on the circle.  “Stand, Tevvy of the awemi, and hold perfectly still.  We must draw the poison from your eyes.”  Felorno looked at Blakstar.  “Have the Waters ready,” he noted, turning back to Tevvy.  Felorno reared back on his hind legs, lashing out with his talons.  Simultaneously, a single claw from each talon pierced Tevvy’s milky-white eyes.  Tevvy gasped, but did not cry out in pain.
The others moved forward, shocked by what Felorno had done.  “What . . . ?” Klaybear started to exclaim but stopped and Blakstar saw white fluid draining from the awemi’s eyes and trickling down his cheeks; his eyes slowly cleared, and when the liquid running from his eyes cleared, Felorno called for the Waters.
“Now, Sir Blakstar,” he said, “pour the Waters into his eyes.”
Tevvy tilted his head back and the kortexi poured the Waters into Tevvy’s eyes; white steam hissed from eyes and cheeks as the Waters touched the chalky white liquid.  Tevvy’s eyes returned to their normal color, and Blakstar could see, once all traces of the white liquid had steamed out of Tevvy’s eyes, the puncture wound in each seal itself.
Tevvy’s face brightened.  “I can see!” he exclaimed, and took a step back, seeing, for the first time, Felorno.  He bowed.  “Thank you, for healing me,” he said to Felorno, although his voice shook.
“You should thank my Lord, Wethkuro,” Felorno responded, “for I was acting on his instructions.”
“Did he tell you how this happened?” Klaybear asked.
“He did not know,” Felorno replied, “but he suspects that Gar must have had a hand in it; the blindness from the ice plain would have healed in time.  What happened to Tevvy was something more, and Gar seems to have subverted the lord of that realm.”
“Which also happened in the water realm,” Thal added.
Felorno nodded his beaked head.  “That is what my lord was told.”
“By whom, if I may ask?” Klaybear said.
“A messenger from the One,” Felorno replied.  “She arrived as I did, bringing word to my lord and knowledge of your circumstances, along with how to heal your klitodweri.”
“Is that where we are going?” Blakstar asked, pointing ahead.
The others turned and saw a fortress of black stone perched atop a cloud, with high walls, tall towers and battlements; it grew larger at a rate faster than it should have, leading the companions to conclude that they were moving very fast through the air.
“That is the home of Wethkuro,” Felorno said, and they could suddenly hear horns blowing from the towers, hailing their immanent arrival.  The aperum were turning to bring them next to the front of the fortress, and, as soon as the stone circle touched the edge of the cobblestone road leading down from the gate, the harnesses fell off the aperum, and the three flew up and landed on the parapet over the huge gate.  “There is a final test that you must pass,” Felorno said, softly.  “Since you are not creatures of this realm, you cannot enter through the gate, but there is a side door on the right side of the main gate that you must open and enter.”
Blakstar looked puzzled.  “What is the test?” he asked.
“The opening of the door,” Felorno replied.  “If you can open the door, then you have proven that you are truly, the chosen of the One.”
“And if we fail?” Blakstar asked.
“Then you are imposters and will be thrown from the fortress,” Felorno replied.
“That doesn’t sound too bad,” Tevvy said.
Thal touched the awemi’s shoulder.  “He means thrown over the edge.”
“Oh,” Tevvy said, deflating.
“Has anyone ever tried?” Thal asked.
Felorno nodded.  “Only one group ever made it this far; they resembled you in every respect, but they failed to open the door.  They are still falling,” he finished, stepping off the circle and onto the short road to the fortress.
They followed, Tevvy’s face a mask of fear.  Blakstar smiled at him.  “We are the chosen,” he noted, “so there is nothing to worry about.”
“That’s easy for you to say,” Tevvy mumbled.  He turned to Felorno.  “How long ago?” he asked.
Felorno looked at Tevvy for a moment before responding.  “Several ages, according to our reckoning.”
“And they are still falling?” Tevvy asked.
“Well, their remains still fall,” Felorno said, again turning away and leading them toward the gate and side door.  “They all killed themselves in the first hour after we threw them off the fortress.  Apparently, the prospect of starving to death while falling did not appeal to them.”
As he approached the gate, Felorno turned right and stopped before a blank stretch of wall.  “Here is the door,” he said, stopping.
Tevvy groaned.  “Blakstar,” he said without turning to the others, “we need your sword.”
The kortexi stepped up next to Tevvy, drawing his sword.  When Blakstar noticed the familiar, kortexi symbol, his eyes were drawn to the slot at the center of the pupil, and he slid his sword up to its hilt.  A flash of golden light illuminated all the symbols along with the outline of an arched door, which silently swung in; trumpets on the battlements overhead blasted a joyous fanfare.
“Again, I bid you welcome, chosen of the One,” Felorno said, bowing, “to the fortress of my lord, Wethkuro, Lord of Air.”
As they entered the courtyard, Blakstar heard a sound, from overhead, that was a cross between a hiss and a whine, a keening sound that pierced him each to the heart, and each felt a terrible stab of sorrow.  Looking up for the source of the sound, he saw an aperu, larger than any before seen, perched on the top of the highest tower; his head was raised, neck stretched out, mouth open and emitting the sad sound.  His color appeared at first to be silver, but his head moved as he crooned and the light reflected off his hide brighter and more mirror-like than the silver aperu they had just seen.
“The platinum aperu,” Thal whispered in awe.  His companions looked at him.
“Yes,” Felorno said sadly, “he cries out in sorrow for his lost mate, every hour, on the hour, by our reckoning, and he has done so since nearly the beginning of time.”
“That is horrible,” Tevvy said, voice hushed.  “How did it happen?”
Felorno shook his beaked head.  “We do not remember,” he sighed, “it has been so long that we have all forgotten.”
“There is a legend,” Thal began in soft tones, “among the maghem, that sometime shortly after Gar and his followers were banished to the underworld, they thought to escape their prison by destroying the world.  So they went to the fires burning at the core of the world and added more power to the flames, heating the core to the point were it was about to explode, ripping the newly made world apart.  Platti,” Thal said, pointing to the tower, “was the faster flier, so he flew off to inform the One of what Gar attempted.  His mate, Platta, wrapped herself around the core to prevent it from exploding and destroying the world, along with all the parents of all creatures and races, hoping that she could hold it in place until Platti returned with the One.  They came quickly, but not before the core exploded, killing Platta; her sacrifice saved the world.  Platinum is the most powerful metal, the most potent material for making rods,” he said, holding up his clay rod.  “Few maghem ever achieve the level of the platinum rod; it is also said that the Rod of Melbarth was the first maghi’s rod constructed of this metal that Gar fears and hates.  The traces of it found throughout the world are said to come from the remains of Platta,” he finished, his eyes lifting to the keening aperu.
“We know the story told by the maghem,” Felorno noted, “but whether it contains the truth, only Platti knows, and he has not spoken to anyone since the beginning.”  Felorno shook his head and lead them to the main door into the audience chamber.  He stepped through the door, indicating they follow.  “My Lord Wethkuro, my Lady Nefora,” his voice suddenly boomed and echoed in the huge hall, “I present the chosen of the One: the green kailu, Master Klaybear, the white maghi, Master Thalamar, son of Kalamar, the klitodweri, Master Telvor, and the kortexi, Sir Blakstar eli kerdu ghebi.  They have entered through the proper door, showing the token prophesied; they come to beg for access to the tomb of Shigmar the Great, first and foremost, until now, of all kailum.”  He named them as each entered the hall, bowing to the two great thrones at the front of the hall.
“We welcome them into our presence,” boomed the voice of the largest of the potiethro, sitting on one of the thrones at the head of the hall.  He was tall, over twenty-five feet, dark gray hair and beard, crowned with lightning.  Across his knees lay the storm scepter.  On his left sat his lady, greatest of the morosku, shorter than Wethkuro by the height of a tall man, white skin, wispy white hair.
“We should note, my lord,” Nefora said as Felorno led them forward, “that only half of the chosen are here.”
“Of course, my lady,” Felorno said in an aside, “but it would not have been as impressive had I introduced them as ‘half’ the chosen,” he croaked sarcastically.
Nefora smiled; Wethkuro laughed, a sound like thunder that shook the hall.  “Well-answered,” he said in an aside to Felorno, who smiled back at him.
Nefora rolled her eyes.  “I had so wanted to meet your mate, Klaybear, and the chosen mate of your older brother, along with the mates of the others, who will come in time, but, sadly, only the four of you were allowed to approach us.”
The companions exchanged looks at her words and bowed to Nefora.  “We are sorry, my lady,” Klaybear said, “that they could not come with us.  My wife is . . . ,” he went on, thinking of the fact that Klare had lost most of her family.
Wethkuro completed his thought.  “Your mate is in trouble,” he said.
Klaybear looked up, eyes wide.  “In trouble?” he asked.  “We left her in the care of my twin brother, watching over her injured mother and sister.”
“Both have died,” Nefora said softly, a hint of emotion in her voice, “and she is in grave peril.”
“As grave a peril,” Wethkuro added in hushed tones, “as is the city of Shigmar.”
“I must go to her,” Klaybear said, looking around for a way out.
“Do not worry,” Wethkuro said, “you will arrive in time, but you must first enter the tomb, where you will find the key you have sought.”
“Although the laws of hospitality dictate that we should take care of your needs and allow you to rest,” Nefora went on, “we must not detain you further, but allow you to enter the final resting place of Shigmar.”
Wethkuro raised the storm scepter and their two thrones moved aside, turning to face each other and the ornately carved door that had been hidden behind them.  “You may approach the entrance,” he said, waving them forward.  “You should possess the necessary key.”
They stepped forward, and Blakstar started to draw his sword but stopped when they saw, not the vertical slot, but a regular keyhole that looked vaguely familiar.  The kortexi grabbed Tevvy’s arm.  “The key,” he hissed, “do you still have the key?”
Tevvy looked up at Blakstar, puzzled.  “What key?”
“The one I gave you to open the pedestal, back in Kalbant.”
“Oh,” Tevvy exclaimed, “that one!”  He searched through one of his belt pouches, looking for the key.  “You said I could have it,” he said defensively, “if it opened the pedestal.”
“As long as you didn’t lose it,” Blakstar replied, “or give it away.”
“I’m not a fool, wethi,” Tevvy retorted, pulling his arm from the pouch and tapping his pockets, digging in his cloak and the other pouches on his belt.
“You haven’t lost it,” Blakstar asked, “have you?”
“Of course not,” Tevvy retorted, “I just need to locate the place where I stowed it, to keep it safe,” he said apologetically.
“It was on a chain,” Blakstar hissed through clenched teeth, “did you hang it around your neck?”
“Of course,” Tevvy snapped, forcing a laugh, “it’s around my neck.”  He stuck one hand into his shirt and pulled out the ancient key.  “See, I told you I had it.”  He inserted the ancient key, turned it, and heard the lock click.  He pushed the door open.
“And what do you call walking into the bright light on a snow plain?” Blakstar muttered to himself.
Blakstar entered the doorway after Tevvy, followed by Klaybear and Thal.  The door slid shut of its own accord; the lock clunked loudly, sealing them inside the tomb.

Chapter 16

The only way to stop nekerpum is to disrupt the purgle who raised and controls them.  This action is difficult as the purgle will surround itself with nekerpum; this course becomes even more difficult after the blood frenzy takes hold of the nekerpum. . . .  No one has discovered a way to disrupt the purgle from a distance, avoiding the nekerpu blood frenzy which always follows close combat. . . .

from the seklesi Manual of Enemies, origin unknown

Shouts from company captains and squad leaders rang out, to form up and prepare to attack.  Delgart shook his head several times, trying to clear it and refocus his eyes; he finally saw Marilee laying sprawled nearby and crawled over to her side.  “Are you all right?” he asked, face wrinkled with concern.
Marilee’s eyes focused on him slowly, and she finally recognized Delgart kneeling beside her.  She reached out and put her arms around his neck, but then she dropped her arms and sat up.  “What’s happened?”
Delgart looked at her, then looked suddenly around to cover the troubled look on his face.  “The army of nekerpum are moving to attack,” he said after a moment’s hesitation.  “We are called to form up and prepare for attack.”
“No,” Marilee frowned, “I meant, what happened to us?”
Delgart thought this was odd.  “What do you mean?”
“I remember rushing toward the megatri,” Marilee said, “then I was lifted into the air.  Next thing I remember was seeing you looking down at me.”
The rest of the squad had run up to where Delgart and Marilee sat on the ground; Grelsor and Lidelle knelt next to them.  “Are you all right?” Grelsor asked, both held out their green-glowing staves, ready to heal.
“A little shaken, I think,” Delgart said, “but all right otherwise.”
Rellik reached out and helped first Marilee, then Delgart, to their feet.  “Orders?” he asked.
“Form up,” Marilee said, “and let’s get back to work.”  She shot a sidelong glance at Delgart.
“We will have to move to our position,” Rellik added, “the Eighth Company is forming over there,” he pointed.
Marilee looked to where her second pointed, then nodded.  “Let’s go.”
Marilee’s squad jogged off together, moving among the other squads forming, to their position in the Eighth Company.
“How do we fight the nekerpum?” Delgart asked as they moved into their position.
Grelsor sighed.  “They are the most difficult to destroy,” he replied, “as they cannot be killed, for they are already dead.  The same is true of their purgle masters.”
“I thought they were red kailum,” Delgart noted.
“Not all of them were,” Grelsor said, “some are red kailu masters; some are black maghi masters; both have sold themselves to Nekerp, Lord of the Dead, in return for immortality, but it is not true immortality, for they are not alive in the same sense that we are; it is better described as un-life, for they, like the corpses they animate, are dead.”
“How can they be dead, but still alive?” Delgart asked.
“They kill themselves in a ritual that uses a powerful teka-enhanced object,” Grelsor went on, “that is both the means of their death and a receptacle for their life essence.  In the slaying of their physical bodies, their life essence is drawn off and stored in the object, so the only way to destroy them utterly is to destroy the teka-enhanced receptacle of their life essence.  The best we can hope for here on the battlefield is to disrupt their bodies, and when we disrupt the bodies of the purgle, then the nekerpum they raised will fall back into their graves.”
“So we focus on the purgle,” Delgart stated.
Grelsor nodded.  “As you soon will see, the purgle surround themselves with the corpses they have reanimated, so we will have to hack our way through the nekerpum to the purgle controlling them, which is very dangerous.”
“Why?” Delgart asked as their company captain signaled them forward.
“Although we cut the corpses to pieces,” Grelsor said, “and scatter the pieces, the pieces will draw themselves back together, rising and fighting again, almost as quickly as they are cut apart.”  They started to jog forward, moving up the low hills to the right of the pass, back the way they had come.  The Third and Fourth Legions were taking up positions on either side of the pass; the First and Second were moving into the pass, then they would retreat, drawing the army of nekerpum out of the pass to be crushed between the Third and Fourth Legions.  “We will have time,” Grelsor went on, “to watch the First and Second Legions as they encounter and draw out the corpses and their purgle masters.”
“How did the megatri,” Marilee asked from Grelsor’s other side, “perform the orthek to lift us into the air?  We had always thought they did not have the ability.”
“She does not remember what happened after we were lifted,” Delgart whispered to Grelsor, seeing the kailu’s look of confusion.
“Oh, it was Xythrax,” Grelsor replied.  “He possessed the body of the megatri, so performed the orthek that lifted you both and brought your faces together.”
Marilee’s hand went to her marked cheek.  “And did everyone see . . . ,” she began and stopped when Grelsor nodded once.  Her face turned white.  She lowered her voice to a whisper; the two kailum, and the two maghem just behind her, moved closer.  “The Council of Shigmar wanted to execute us for the marks we all bear,” she admitted softly.  “All of the chosen have the mark inscribed somewhere on them, even the kortexi, who is Sir Karble reborn, he who healed us, was marked.”
“And what did Headmaster Myron do?” Grelsor asked.
“It was his apprentice, Delgart’s other brother,” Marilee went on, “who the Council put on trial for supposedly desecrating their holy altar.  Headmaster Myron tried to defend him, but in the process of the trial, the marks on each of us were revealed, and we all were condemned and imprisoned.  We were released from the dungeon by the awemi Rokwolf trained, Tevvy, who snuck into the dungeon from the sewers, with the help of the Headmaster, released us, and then led us back into the sewers.  We found there a secret area beneath the sewers, prepared by the founders of the elder orders, just for us.  The sword of Karble opened the doorway into the heretofore unknown space.”
“What did my father do?” Grelsor asked, his face blank.
Marilee shot a quick glance at Delgart, who was puzzled.  “He tried Klaybear, led the Council, and gave the deciding vote for conviction.  But you should know that he was working under the influence of a kwalu, we discovered later.  His apprentice was a traitor, and he allowed the kwalu into the school to possess your father’s body.  I’m so sorry, but he was killed by the kortexi when we were escaping, the kwalu killing your father’s apprentice as it fled before the kortexi’s wrath.”
Grelsor’s face drained of all color, but then he snorted.  “It’s no more than he deserved, the pompous, self-absorbed . . . ,” he would have gone on, but Lidelle interrupted him.
“Grelsor!” Lidelle exclaimed.  “Do not speak ill of the dead!”
“I wasn’t speaking ill of the dead,” Grelsor retorted, “I was speaking ill of the wethi who raised me.”
“This is terrible news,” Hrelga said, trying to change subject, “that, after long years of waiting, the chosen have appeared, but all have been marked by Gar.  The reaction of the kailu council shows how the common people will react.  You were both wise to cover your marked faces.”
“How did the seklesem react?” Marilee asked.
Glances passed among the kailum and maghem.  “There were whispers,” Lidelle noted after a moment, “but Delgart’s performance today overshadowed the shock and surprise of seeing what we saw.  Many thought that Delgart should become the new potikoro.”
“No!” Marilee exclaimed, looking shocked.
“I just joined,” Delgart protested.  “How could they think that?”
Lidelle shrugged and went on.  “There is precedent for such a move; it is not unusual for a seklesi to be promoted on the battlefield for heroic actions, and Delgart’s actions were definitely heroic.”  Lidelle smiled and nodded to Delgart.
Delgart could not help but smile.  “I just did what needed to be done at the time,” he laughed, “surely someone else would have done it if I had not.”
“Not likely,” Lidelle said.  “The entire course of the battle would have changed, and your ‘doing what needed to be done at the time’ is one definition of a hero.”
“It is very likely,” Hrelga added, “that the Third Legion would have been decimated by the aperum.  Like it or not, Delgart, you are the hero today, and the rest of the seklesem will look to you for leadership, whether you are named their leader, or you remain fourth shield of the eighth squad of the Eighth Company of the Third Legion.”
The company and squad were now turning to watch the First and Second Legion enter the pass below, waiting for their turn to attack.  The First and Second Legion jogged into the pass and crashed into the front ranks of the nekerpum.  Delgart noticed immediately that the formation of each squad had altered to a tighter wedge, and each company also tightened.  Each squad drove into the nekerpum, using both sword and shield to push the corpses sideways, opening the ranks in order to reach the purgle.  The first four squads of each company pushed forward first, squads one and two pushing left, three and four right.  Squads five through eight followed, pushing into the gap, then pushing left and right, moving both forward and widening the gap.  The first and fourth would then roll back and join the ninth and tenth, pushing forward and again widening the gap.  Each company continued forward this way, step by step, until a squad reached the purgle.  As each squad rolled to the back of the wedge, it would face out, hacking at the corpses now pushing at them from behind.  The company following would then focus on keeping the way back from being completely overrun by nekerpum.  The squad reaching the purgle would surround him, or her, it was difficult to tell since the purgle had no flesh, only bones, and the maghem would counter ortheks cast by the purgle while the kailum, using their maces enhanced with ortheks of disruption, bashed the purgle until the bones flew apart, and the ortheks controlling the nekerpum ended.  The corpses controlled by that purgle sighed and slumped into the ground, many of them turning to dust.  From the robes of the disrupted purgle a glittering dust rose slowly into the air and moved toward the southeast, quickly disappearing from view.
The casualties for this approach were much higher than they had been when fighting the purem and ghelem.  As the squads rolled back, seklesem were grabbed and dragged away from the squads, overwhelmed by the nekerpum.  Shouts and screams of pain issued from beneath the swarming corpses as the nekerpum tore apart and ate any of the seklesem who were overwhelmed.  The cries of pain grew more frequent as the First and Second Legion pushed forward, and the taste of living flesh and blood put the nekerpum into a frenzy that made them even more dangerous.  The charges of the First and Second Legion ground to a halt; a horn blew, first from the Third Legion, then from the Fourth.  Below, a horn blew in answer, and the First and Second Legion began to withdraw, creating a momentary gap between them and the nekerpum.  The army of corpses started after them, and the nekerpum who had tasted blood caught up quickly, forcing the rearguard to turn and fight them off.
Delgart watched this, his brow wrinkling.
“What is troubling you?” Grelsor asked, seeing his concerned look.
Delgart shook his head.  “At this rate,” he noted, “there will not be many of us left to aid Shigmar.”
Grelsor nodded.  “What else can we do?” he asked.  “We cannot leave this army unfought.”
“I know,” Delgart said, “but what I meant was that there must be some quicker way to disrupt the purgle?  Can’t you shoot them with a disruptive bolt?”
“We don’t have that ability,” Grelsor said.
“But they do,” Delgart protested, pointing back to the maghem.
“We do not have disruptive teka,” Luthina said.
“Why can’t you combine ortheks?” Delgart asked.  “Isn’t that the way the red kailum and black maghem operate?”
“They do,” Grelsor admitted, a frown wrinkling his brow, “but they do not use power the way we do.”
“What is the difference?” Delgart asked.  “I mean, since I have never seen them in action, what do they do differently that allows them to combine powers that you could imitate?”
“They chant,” Marilee put in, picking up on Delgart’s thinking, “but it is a chant that is almost like a song.”
Grelsor was at a momentary loss for words, looking from Delgart to Marilee.  Luthina touched his shoulder in almost a caress.
“We are trained,” Luthina said, “and we practice our arts, separately, because our teka is highly specialized, but we are working with the same powers and forces, so it must be possible to combine them.”
Grelsor shrugged.  “You may be right, but how would we do it?”
“There have been experiments among the maghem,” Hrelga put in, “chaining more than one maghi together, and they found that the powers had to be channeled through a single rod, which meant that only a trio of maghem could work together through the same rod, as we have lost the art of creating a more powerful rod or staff.  They also learned that the ortheks were very difficult to control, although the strength of the ortheks was exponentially greater.”
“They only tried single, known ortheks,” Luthina said, “so I am not sure how we would combine two different ortheks into one.”
“It must have something to do with the chanting,” Lidelle said, thoughtfully.
“Why couldn’t you,” Delgart interrupted, “do something like that exploding ice ball you used on the heavy archers: you created it, then sent it toward the archers.  Couldn’t you create it, let Grelsor put the disruptive orthek on it, then send it to the target?”
Grelsor’s mouth fell open at the simplicity of Delgart’s suggestion.  Lidelle, Hrelga, and Luthina’s faces lit up, as they considered the possibilities opened by it.
“That’s brilliant!” Grelsor exclaimed.  “Why has no one thought of it before?”
“Our orders developed in isolation,” Hrelga said.  “It was not until the end of the first millennium that we joined the seklesi squads to lend our expertise to them.  By that time, the ortheks of both orders were well-established and did not lend themselves to combination.”
Grelsor looked to Marilee.  “We’ll need to get closer,” he said.
Marilee nodded.  “Captain!” she shouted.
Their company captain turned and rode toward them.  “What is it?” she asked, one hand holding the reins, the other held in a sling of white cloth.
“Request permission to move my squad forward,” Marilee stated, “my kailum and maghem wish to try an experiment of combining kailu and maghi ortheks to disrupt the purgle from a distance.”
“How?” the captain asked.
“We believe, captain,” Grelsor put in, “that if the maghi first creates the exploding ice ball, then we kailum cast an orthek of disruption upon the ball, then it is sent to the target, we think it might work.  But we need to be closer to one of them to try.”
The captain nodded.  “I think the tide is about to turn below,” she noted, “so you may not have much time.  I’ll pass the word around, so the others will be watching you.”
“Let’s go,” Marilee said, as the captain turned and rode off.  “How close?”
“The closer the better,” Grelsor said, “at least until we figure out how to do this.”
“Let’s go halfway down,” Hrelga added, “and try it.”
They jogged off down the hill; they could hear queries moving through the companies of the Third Legion, wondering what they were doing, and they knew the word was passing through the legion, and that all eyes were upon them.  They stopped halfway down the hill.
“I think you should take turns,” Marilee noted, “Grelsor, you and Luthina try first.”
Grelsor nodded, and he and Luthina raised staff and rod.  “Don’t make it too big,” Grelsor said.
Luthina smiled and spoke the words.  “Wedro-pleugikel,” she said, and a blue ball of ice about a foot across grew out of the tip of her rod.  She held her rod up, holding the ball in place.
Grelsor reached out to touch the ball with his staff, incanting the orthek used on their maces.  “Reu-komhilum-gleubespi,” he chanted, and the ball of ice changed from blue to green.  Grelsor nodded once, and Luthina pointed her rod at the nearest purgle, but before the ball traveled half the distance, it turned blue again.  Luthina raised her rod to point high in the air, the ball soaring upward and vanishing from sight.
“It is not only a thing,” Hrelga noted, “but a thing of power.”
Grelsor nodded, and Luthina created a second ball of ice.  Grelsor changed his chant to “reu-komhilum-demaghu-gleubespi,” changing the bright blue ball into emerald green.
“Keep chanting the orthek,” Hrelga said, and Grelsor continued to repeat the incantation while Luthina pointed toward their target.  Grelsor followed the ball with his staff, still chanting, and it continued to glow green.  When it was very close to the purgle, Luthina jerked her rod up suddenly; the globe exploded into a thousand shards of ice, ripping through the robes of the purgle and the nekerpum near him.  The purgle jerked once, surrounded by green light, then the now tattered black robe fluttered to the ground; golden dust gathered and flew up; the nekerpem around him fell to dust.
The horn below blew a double blast, and the horns of the Third and Fourth Legion replied.
“Quickly,” Grelsor said, “try it again before we are called back.”
Hrelga raised her rod and created a ball of blue ice; Lidelle began the chant, touching the blue ball and turning it green.  Hrelga sent it toward a purgle; Lidelle followed it with his staff, still chanting.  When Hrelga jerked her rod suddenly up, the horn signal came from above, calling them back to their position in the Eighth Company of the Third Legion, but the results were the same: the purgle turned green, crumpled, and became golden dust; the nekerpum fell apart.
“Let’s go,” Marilee said, starting them back up the hill.
Lidelle wiped sweat off his brow.  “That is very difficult,” he noted.
Grelsor nodded.  “We cannot do that very many times before dropping from exhaustion.”
Delgart was not smiling, but he kept looking back over his shoulder.
“What?” Marilee asked him.
Delgart frowned.  “I did not count on it being so draining,” he said.
Marilee shook her head.  “You just gave us another way to fight the nekerpum and their purgle masters,” she laughed, “don’t be so hard on yourself.”  She turned to Grelsor.  “Can you write directions for doing that?” she asked.  The rest of the legion was moving downhill toward them.
“I can,” Grelsor nodded, “but not while we are moving.”
“Squad, halt,” she said, stopping them.  “Quickly, now,” she said to the kailum and maghem, “write down instructions for what you did, and we’ll pass them on.”
They nodded, pulling bits of parchment from their pouches along with fine, sharpened sticks of charcoal.  When they finished, Hrelga and Luthina tapped each one with their rods, mumbling and creating several copies of each original.  Their company commander rode up at this point, followed by what looked like all the messengers of the Third Legion, and they handed the small, duplicate squares of parchment over to the messengers.  Hrelga and Luthina continued to mumble and tap the originals; messengers ran off as each received several copies of the instructions.
“Good thinking,” their captain said to the kailum and maghem of Marilee’s squad.
“It was not us,” Grelsor admitted, “but Delgart who gave us the idea.”
“I merely suggested . . . ,” Delgart started to protest, but their captain interrupted him.
“Do you intend to remake us in a single day?” she asked, smiling.
“I’m sorry, captain,” Delgart said, feeling contrite.
“You saw a need,” she replied, “and you filled it.  We will honor you, when we have the leisure.”  She looked around and saw the faces of the kailum and maghem in the other squads of her company lighting up as they read and understood what the eighth squad had discovered.
“Captain,” Delgart said, still looking flushed.
“What is it, Delgart?” she asked, still smiling.
“Our kailum learned that the orthek is quite draining,” Delgart began, feeling all eyes upon him, “that they would not be able to cast it very many times before losing all their power.  Wouldn’t it be wise to focus on the purgle who is leading this army?  If we could take him out, the others might lose heart and flee the field.”
“That is what they tried to do to us,” she replied, “but getting at Xythrax will be difficult.”  She pointed to where Xythrax stood at the back of the nekerpum.  She thought for a moment.  “I will get permission from the legion commander to move the Eighth Company toward Xythrax.”  She turned and rode toward the front and center of the Third Legion.
The Third and Fourth Legion jogged forward, toward each other, to crush the nekerpum between them.  The Third Legion halted just short of the nekerpum, to give the kailum and the maghem the opportunity to try out their new method of attack.  The captain of the Eighth Company rode back from the front and center of the Third Legion.
“The legion commander agrees that your idea has merit,” she said, “so he will signal the fourth that we, the third legion, will angle our attack toward the pass and the rear of the nekerpum.  He will signal when he wants us, the Eighth Company, supported by the Ninth and Tenth, to break toward Xythrax.”
Marilee and the other squad leaders of the Eighth Company nodded.
“Grelsor,” Delgart asked after their captain rode off, signaling that they begin using their new attack on the nekerpum, “could you put the disruption enchantment on my sabers?”
“Maces work better against the purgle . . . ,”Grelsor started to say.
“But the nekerpum have more flesh,” Delgart interrupted, “so the blades would be better.”
Grelsor shrugged.  “They are harder to disrupt, but we can enchant your swords,” he said, reaching out with his staff.  He chanted the words and touched each of Delgart’s sabers; both blades glowed with green light.
Delgart turned to see how the battle progressed.  The First and Second Legion had turned to face the nekerpum pursuing them; the Fourth had crashed into the other side, angling toward the First and Second Legions, attacking as he had seen.  The Third stood motionless; balls of green-glowing ice began flying toward the purgle on their side of the pass, and this first volley melted the purgle and nekerpum facing the Third Legion, like morning frost touched by the first light of the dawn.  As the second volley of ice balls sailed toward the next closest purgle, these shielded themselves from the exploding balls, so that the disruptive effect of the orthek only destroyed the nekerpum in the radius of the blast’s effect.  This, however, was almost as useful as hitting the purgle himself, so the kailum and maghem of the Third Legion continued to send the disruptive balls against the purgle.  The second rank of companies of the Third Legion moved forward as the entire legion spread out on the flank of the army of nekerpum.  The captain of the Eighth Company saw the signal she was waiting for, and turned her company to jog along the flank of the enemy toward Xythrax; the Ninth and Tenth companies followed to help the Eighth drive as close as possible to Xythrax, giving their tekson a better opportunity to attack Xythrax directly.  Taking a hint from the eighth squad, the kailum and maghem of each squad cast the disruptive enchantment on the blades of their squad’s swords, hoping that the orthek would remain effective until they got closer to their target.  Xythrax had surrounded himself with, not only corpses of wethem size, but also corpses of megatrem, krugle, and wedaterem, fewer in number, but the battle presence of each one more than made up for the difference in numbers.
When the eighth squad’s turn came, Delgart leapt to the forefront; his pair of green-glowing, curved blades flashing light like lightning around him, disrupting any nekerpum his blades slashed.  Delgart’s prowess inspired the rest of his squad to greater achievement; no one was lost from their squad the first time the squad moved forward and pushed to the right, rolling back and returning to the breach for the second time.  The other squads were not so lucky; the screams of pain and terror rose around them.  When a squad pushed to one side or the other, the kailum and maghem of the squad would take their moment of standing still as an opportunity to send a disruptive ice ball toward Xythrax.  The chief purgle easily blocked these flying ice bombs, bouncing them back, but the nekerpum surrounding him, some of the largest, withered under this icy rain.  Xythrax raised his rod to the sky, and suddenly, the sky grew dark; angry red clouds developed and covered the sun.  Streaks of flames fell like rain, pelting the seklesem of the Eighth Company and the nekerpum near them with fist-sized hail of molten stone.  Not all of the kailum noticed in time to raise shields of stone, or shields of flowing water, effectively to block the rain of fiery stone: the third and fourth squads, fighting at the front of the company wedge, were decimated by Xythrax’s orthek.  When the sky cleared moments later, Delgart saw that more of the nekerpum were destroyed by the orthek than his fellow seklesem, but Xythrax could more afford to lose his own troops than could the seklesem.  Xythrax waved his arms and the nekerpum around him shifted to his front; Delgart reckoned that Xythrax must have realized their plan of attack and his danger.
Delgart leaped forward again with his squad, to fill the gap left by the death of most of the third and fourth squads, and the nekerpum fell under the green-glowing blades of the eighth squad.  As they pushed again to the right and rolled back, sending another volley of disruptive ice balls, Delgart noticed the ninth and tenth companies following.  He turned to look forward and realized two important things.
“This is not going to work,” Delgart said to Grelsor.  “Xythrax will simply block our ortheks and rain fire down on us.”
“We just have to keep doing it,” Grelsor said, “as long as we can.  Once the Ninth and Tenth catch up to us and begin lobbing ice balls at him, sooner or later, one of them will get through.”
“A lot of us will die between now and then,” Delgart replied.
“As long as we keep him busy,” Luthina added, “he does not have time to raise any more nekerpum.”
“Yes,” Delgart said, “and look what he has done: he has moved the nekerpum from behind him to fill the gaps our ortheks, and his, have created in front of him, leaving his back unprotected.  If I could get behind him, somehow, he would be forced to turn and face me, and you could hit him from behind.”
“Maintain!” their captain shouted, waving a red pennant.  The company’s progress had ground to a stop.
“Your plan has merit,” Grelsor shot back, “but I do not think I could toss you that far, nor do I think you could leap that far.”
“Leap?” Luthina said, looking puzzled, but then her face changed.  “The escape orthek!” she exclaimed.
“Escape orthek?” Grelsor asked.
“We maghem have an orthek,” Luthina went on, “that we call the escape orthek: it allows us, if we are overwhelmed by enemies, to make a great, backward leap, getting us out of immediate danger.”
“It is seldom used,” Hrelga noted without turning, “as the space behind the maghi has to be clear for at least fifty feet.”
“That would be just enough,” Delgart noted, dispatching another nekerpu with a flash of green light.
Grelsor looked toward Xythrax and shook his head.  “It wouldn’t be,” he said, “it would land you in the middle of the largest nekerpum next to Xythrax.”
“One of us could lift him up,” Hrelga said, “then the other could cast the escape orthek on him; that would give him the extra distance he needs to get there.”
“Just do it!” Delgart exclaimed.  “We cannot hold out much longer!”
The Third and Fourth Legions had both stalled in their forward progress; the First and Second were driven back; all were taking heavy casualties, further enraging the nekerpum.
“Face the direction you wish to go,” Luthina said.
“I thought you said it was a backward leap?” Delgart said.
“I’ll substitute ‘forward’ for ‘backward,’” Luthina said, “that way you can see where you are going.”
Grelsor touched Delgart’s swords again, renewing the disruptive orthek.
Marilee turned to him, holding out her sword.  “Mine, too,” she said, looking sideways at Delgart out of the corner of her eye.
Grelsor gave her a sharp look but did not speak; he touched her sword with his glowing staff.
Hrelga pointed her rod at Delgart.  “Steighud-ko,” she said, lifting Delgart into the air.
“Not too high,” Grelsor said, “or he will land badly.”
Delgart floated about shoulder height above the ground, facing Xythrax, swords ready.
Luthina raised her rod, holding it upright.  “Pedamoro-port,” she said, and in the time it took her to lower her rod and touch Delgart’s right boot, Marilee sheathed her sword and jumped up, wrapping her arms around Delgart’s waist.  Both flew forward over the heads of the nekerpum between the eighth squad and Xythrax, landing just behind the chief purgle.  Marilee let go of Delgart, pulling her legs forward so that she could land on her feet running; Delgart did the same, turning and shooting an angry glance at her.  She smiled in response and drew her sword, moving to attack Xythrax; Delgart ran toward the purgle, but slowed, seeing first Grelsor, then Luthina, flying toward them.  Grelsor rolled several times before getting to his feet; Luthina landed on her feet as gracefully as had Marilee.
“What are you two doing here?” Marilee hissed.
“You’re one to ask,” Delgart quipped.
“You need us,” Grelsor spoke softly.  “He is a powerful black maghi, and you need us to protect you from his ortheks.”
The three of them grinned at Delgart, who frowned back.
“We’ll need to break his shield first,” Luthina said.
Delgart shook his head.  “Let’s go, then.”
Delgart crept forward carefully, hoping that Xythrax would not notice them until they attacked.  The chief purgle pointed his rod toward the squad attacking him with disruptive ice balls, and a bolt of blue-white lightning shot toward the squad, forking into four separated bolts that struck the two kailum and the two maghem square in each chest.  From each of these four, smaller bolts shot, striking the other members of that squad, holding them shaking in place.  Seconds later, the first four exploded, stunning the rest.  The nekerpum pulled down the stunned members of the squad, tearing them into pieces that were quickly eaten.  Delgart, Marilee, Grelsor, and Luthina exchanged looks; Delgart knew that could happen to them, if they did not strike quickly.  They stopped at the point where they could just see Xythrax’s shield shimmering in front of them.
“As soon as the shield breaks,” Grelsor whispered, “attack; we will have only moments.”
Delgart nodded; Grelsor and Luthina raised glowing staff and rod, each stabbing his staff or her rod into the clear shimmering shield around Xythrax; green and white sparks exploded from the point where staff and rod contacted shield.  Grelsor and Luthina continued chanting the shield breaching orthek, pouring more energy into the shield; sweat beaded on both their foreheads, running down their cheeks and streaking the dirt on both their faces.  Xythrax turned to see who attacked him from behind, and to strike at them, when he saw Marilee and Delgart, weapons poised, he laughed, sounding like dry bones clinking together.  As they had seen before, he became a bolt of red lightning, shooting into the sky and toward the north; he dropped something small and red as he shot into the air.  Both Grelsor and Luthina grabbed Delgart and Marilee and pulled them to the ground.  Light grew brighter, and the thing dropped by Xythrax exploded into a ball of expanding fire.  As the light brigthened, Grelsor raised his staff and shouted the orthek, “plotuskoit!”  Even as Delgart felt himself singed by the expanding flames, Grelsor’s shield of flowing water covered them and quenched the flames, but then the shock wave from the explosion hit them, wiping out all conscious thought.

As the echoes from the blast died away, a whispering breeze blew across the battlefield from the southwest, and the fighting paused to hear the words whispered by the wind.  The maghem across the battlefield heard the words of a orthek that they should chant; all raised their rods to the sky and began to chant the words they heard.  The seklesem heard whispers telling them to defend their maghem and kailum from all attacks, so that the maghem and kailum could work without interruptions; all surrounded each squad’s tekson, turning their faces and swords to face the nekerpum and their purgle masters.  The nekerpum and purgle heard words that pacified and slowed them, making them more easily cut down by the seklesem as they began to move in slow motion.  The kailum heard other words, as dark clouds gathered overhead, words that they, too, should chant, while pointing their staves at the storm gathering overhead; all kailum raised their staves and started to chant.  The winds whipped around them; green light flashed across the dark clouds followed by rumbling thunder that shook the ground.  The nekerpum and purgle cowered under the sound, but the seklesem felt only hope as cherry-sized hail began falling from the storm clouds, but this hail was surrounded by green light, and any nekerpum or purgle hit by one of the hailstones shuddered and fell to dust.  Moments later, all the maghem and kailum stopped chanting, letting their arms holding rods and staves fall to their sides; the clouds cleared and the bright sun shone down on the entrance to the pass, miraculously cleared of all nekerpum and purgle.


Chapter 17

Most physical trauma can be easily repaired using healing ortheks; mental and emotional trauma are not reparable by any means we now possess.  Only the Founders were capable of this kind of healing, but their secret has been lost. . . .

Relana, Headmistress of Shigmar, 2370-2414

Light flashed brightly around them as they stepped through the doorway behind the throne, and into a large rectangular room, lit by magluku glowing in the room’s four corners.  Klaybear, Thal, Blakstar, and Tevvy stood facing a set of large, double-doors, ornately carved with the same symbols as they had seen on the front of the temple on the lonely hill.  A symbol representing each order, including Tevvy’s, surrounded the largest symbol, half on each door, which represented the order founded by Shigmar.  Two statues made of some gray material stood on either side of the doors.  Each statue was ten feet tall, holding a large mace in each right hand.  The statues had round, fat bodies with round heads, chubby cheeks, and beady, black eyes that stared at them no matter how they moved.  Seeing no other door from the room, not even back to the throne room they had just left, they walked slowly forward toward the doors, eyes wary and hands on their weapons.  When they were feet away from the door, the statues on either side moved suddenly; their motion was quick and graceful, belying their rotund form, crossing their huge maces and blocking the door.
“Who are you?” a cavernous voice demanded.
“We are the chosen,” Klaybear stammered, “come to retrieve the staff of Shigmar.”
“The sign has been given,” the left figure replied.
“The tokens noted,” the right added.
“Final proof is necessary before access can be granted,” the left said.
“What proof do you require?” Klaybear asked.
“You must unlock the doors,” the right said.
Klaybear turned to Blakstar.  “I think we need your sword,” he said.
The kortexi stepped forward, drawing his sword.  The statues looked down at Blakstar, studied his sword for a moment.
“The second key?” the left asked.
Blakstar nodded and turned back.  “The key I loaned you,” he said to Tevvy, “the one that opened the monument in Kalbant and the door into this room.”
“Right,” Tevvy said, holding out the key; Blakstar snatched it from him, holding it up for the statues to examine.  They looked at it for another moment, then withdrew their maces.
“Access granted,” the right said, “once you prove they are genuine by opening the door.”
The slot for the sword was on the right door; the keyhole was on the left.  Blakstar slid his sword into the slot, then fitted the key into the lock and turned.  There followed a sharp click, then the doors swung silently back; Blakstar pulled out his sword and the key, handing the key back to Tevvy.  The two statues relaxed and moved back to their former places at either side of the doors.
“Enter the tomb of Shigmar,” the left said.
“Within find the final resting place of Shigmar,” the right said.
“May the chosen of the One succeed in their quest,” the two said together, sounding as if they were one.
In the center of the small, square room they saw a stone sarcophagus, its lid carved with the symbol of the order founded by Shigmar.  Lying on top of the symbol and coffin was a thick wooden staff, its cap and heel metal, the cap shaped like an elongated version of the symbol carved into the sarcophagus, but in place of the eye-symbol in the palm of the hand was fixed an eye-shaped emerald, its longer axis aligned with the length of the staff; other, smaller gemstones were arrayed around the emerald, at the base of each finger, black and white diamonds embedded in the wrist of the hand-shaped head.  The emerald glittered in the magluku lighting the room.  Just beneath the symbol, they could see letters inscribed in the metal, but only the first word was visible.  Without picking up the staff, Klaybear turned it carefully and slowly, and they saw the second word, then the third, and also noticed that the eye-shaped emerald was visible on both sides of the iron palm as were the smaller stones, the hand-shaped symbol giving the illusion of both right and left hands.
“Breath-giver,” Thal noted.
“That’s a big emerald!” Tevvy exclaimed at the same time.
“Is that right?” Blakstar asked.  “I thought you said it was called, ‘life-giver?’”
“It is the breath of life,” Klaybear replied.
“And without it,” Thal added, “we are dead.  So it is another metaphor, like yours.”
“It is also another name for the spirit,” Klaybear went on, “called by some the life-force or essence.”
“We call it the ‘soul,’” Tevvy put in, but his eyes were still fixed on the emerald.
“Don’t even think about it, thief!” Blakstar snapped, one hand going automatically to the handle of his sword, which caused the golden topaz to flare brightly.
“I wasn’t!” Tevvy replied, his tone injured, “I was only admiring its beauty.”
“Sure you were,” Blakstar replied skeptically.
“Quiet!  Both of you!” Thal hissed.  “It’s doing something to Klaybear!”
The staff felt alive to Klaybear’s touch.  Grasping it firmly with his left hand, he lifted it off the lid of the sarcophagus and felt the staff alive within his hand; as soon as he touched it, the emerald-eye flared brilliantly, surrounding the hand-shaped cap, then moving down the staff and up Klaybear’s arm, quickly encasing him in an aura of emerald light.  He could almost see it moving, growing, beneath his fingers.  He felt great power coursing through it, heard the staff calling to his mind, saw the green light clouding his vision, and he allowed his awareness to sink into the staff.  He suddenly saw himself on a hill north of Shigmar, looking down on the battle raging before the gates.  A red aperu flew west from the gate above the wall, releasing the fury of its fiery breath against the defenders on the wall, burning them to ashes, their screams of pain filled his ears and mind; an orange aperu flew east from the gate above the wall releasing its acidic breath onto the defenders of the wall, reducing them to forms unrecognizable as human, howling as they melted.  Blue and yellow aperum flew back and forth over the city, releasing ice and poison gas upon those not hiding within their homes.  Krugle and megatrem stood before the gate, wielding a huge iron clad battering ram; the gates crumbled with a resounding crash, and the hordes of wedaterem, purem, and ghelem waiting on either side of the gate, shouting in triumph, surged into the breach.  The city burned; its inhabitants died.  He raised the staff, alive in his hand, and all went eerily and suddenly silent; he shouted words he could not hear, and a wave of destruction moved outward in a circle from the staff in his hand, destroying all life it touched, both animal and vegetable, both friend and foe.  The living essence flowed back from the wave and into the staff in his hand, and he saw their faces, twisted by pain and anger, flashing past his vision as the staff sucked them into itself.  Sound crashed into the silence, and he heard himself wail, felt a hand on his shoulder, and found himself standing next to Shigmar’s coffin, looking into Thal’s eyes.
“Wh-what happened?” Klaybear stammered, disoriented by his mental vision.
“The staff began to glow,” Thal said, “surrounding and encasing you in its emerald radiance, and you did not appear to recognize your surroundings.”
“I saw the gates of Shigmar breached,” Klaybear whispered, sinking onto the sarcophagus, “the people--my people--were dying.  I used the staff; it caused a wave of destruction.  The wave destroyed everything it touched.  People, plants, and animals died; friend and foe died.  I saw their pained faces.  I saw their spirits sucked into the staff.”  He looked up at his companions, eyes wet.  “It was horrible to behold . . . to see their accusing faces as their essence was drawn into this staff.”
“It was the future that you saw,” Thal noted, “and what will happen when we return to Shigmar with the staff.”
Klaybear sighed.  “I feel we must go quickly, but I do not want to go, to face . . . ,” his voice trailed off without finishing his thought.
Thal nodded, squeezing the kailu’s shoulder then letting his arm fall.  “How do we leave here?”
“We could open a door directly to Shigmar,” Tevvy suggested.
Blakstar shook his head.  “We have to retrieve the horses,” he noted.
“Along with Klare and Rokwolf,” Klaybear added.
“Maybe the guards know,” Tevvy shrugged.
Together they left the tomb; when the clay statues saw Klaybear holding the staff, they both went onto one knee, bowing to him, their faces oddly childlike in the green glow of breath-giver.
“We exist only to serve you, master,” they intoned in their sepulchral voices.
“How do we get back to the surface?” Klaybear asked.
Without rising from their bows, the statues struck the ground between them with their maces.  A gray shimmering archway opened in the space between them.  Klaybear and his companions stepped away from the tomb doors toward the statues and heard the doors clunk shut and the lock click behind them.
“We will await your return, master,” the left said.
“When you have completed your quest, master,” the right added.
“When I have saved Shigmar?” Klaybear asked.
“No, when your life has run its course . . . ,” the left began.
“If such is your lot,” the right inserted.
“. . . or your desire,” the left went on.
“And you wish to return the staff to this place for safe-keeping,” the right finished.
“You may open a door to this room, master,” the left said.
“And we will give you access to the tomb,” the right said.
Klaybear nodded, bowing to them.  “It shall be as you say,” he said, following his companions through the door.

Thal stood looking at the altar, smiling.  He turned to Klaybear as the archway winked out.  “We can retrieve two more messages, now,” he said.
Blakstar looked puzzled.  “Two?  How?”
“One with only the staff inserted,” Thal replied, smiling at the kortexi, “and one more with both staff and sword inserted.”  He looked at Klaybear.  “Which one first?”
Klaybear thought for a moment.  “The staff alone, I think,” he said, and Thal stepped aside so he could slide the staff into the larger of the two holes, next to the slot for the sword.
As they had seen when they first entered the tomb, the head of Shigmar winked into life, floating above the center of the altar.
“Chosen of the One,” the same voice spoke, “again I speak to you, the words sounding strange in my ears, but I know you will understand me.  Now that you have retrieved the staff, you must hasten to save my city, which is now your city.  As I know your vision has shown you, you must stand on the hill north of and in view of the city, and sing the following incantation: eli-ghende-gwehram-sisogheto-kustho-staurore-aiwamdwo.  This, we believe, will destroy those who would destroy my city and my order.  You can only do this one time; it will store the great energy needed for two important restorations that you have, I believe, been shown in your vision.  Melbarth believes, and I agree, that the cost of using this power may be more than you can bear, but that in order to fulfill your destiny, you must pay the cost, to the last ayesu, if you would be all the One would have you become.  Write the incantation down, for you must sing it exactly as I have said, or you might destroy yourself.  I will wait until you are ready to write.”  The face smiled at them.
Klaybear looked around the room for parchment, ink, and quill; Thal saw his blank look, and took out the things he needed, intending to hand them to the kailu, but Klaybear stood rigid, his mouth slightly open.  He handed the bottle of ink to Tevvy, who opened it and held it up for him.  Thal knelt on one knee beside the awemi, putting the parchment on the other and dipping his quill.  “We are ready,” he said to Shigmar’s floating, silent head.
“Very well,” he said, speaking the incantation slowly, “eli-ghende-gwehram-sisogheto-kustho-staurore-aiwamdwo,” and when he finished repeating the orthek, the head winked out.
“It’s going to kill me,” Klaybear said dully.
“Don’t be absurd,” Thal replied, tapping the parchment with his rod and rolling it up.  He slipped it somewhere inside his robes, accepted the ink bottle from Tevvy, and stowed it with his quill back into one of his belt pouches.  “How can you use the staff later to do what we are destined, as keys to destroy Gar, if you are dead?”
“Maybe someone else uses it later,” Klaybear said.
“How can you return the staff to the tomb,” Thal went on, “if you are dead?”  He turned to Blakstar.  “Let’s find out what else Shigmar will tell us,” he pointed to the slot, “slip your sword into place.”
“Chosen of the One,” Shigmar’s head spoke, after winking to life over the altar, “you have already discovered the ability of your verghrenum to locate each other; you can also use the keys to communicate with each other.  Simply concentrate on the person with whom you wish to speak and draw a small archway, about the size of a person’s head, which is how we managed to leave you these messages.  You will see the person, as you now see me, and he, or she, will see you in a similar manner.  You will be able to converse as long as the small doorway is kept open.  Be warned, however, that should you appear to someone who is asleep, or in danger, you put yourself at great risk; you can be harmed, even killed, when communicating in this manner.”
“So we have a physical presence,” Thal said to himself.
“Yes, and no,” Shigmar’s head replied.  “Melbarth suggested you might say that, although the explanation is beyond me, but he tells me to say that it is like the teka used to create a simulacrum, a kind of sympathetic teka, but I digress.  Conceivably, you could use this ability to locate and communicate with other persons, or as a means to spy on your enemies.  This you must not do: the more powerful the creature, the easier it will be for the creature to detect and destroy you, so we, Melbarth, Karble, and I, exhort you to use this ability only to communicate with or locate other chosen, or maybe your masters, although we are unsure of them.  You have reached a time when few, if any, will trust you, some will actively seek to destroy you, most will fear you.  Beware of everyone else, and on the other side, you must trust each other implicitly, Karble suggests that this will be most difficult for his descendant.  Each of you has a part to play; each part, no matter how small it appears, is vital to your ultimate success.  Karble tells me I have wandered again, far from communication.  All that I have not covered at this point is one contingency: if the person you are trying to locate, or with whom you wish to communicate, is unconscious, drugged, or shielded mentally, you will see only blackness, a blackness that you should interpret as that chosen being in dire trouble.  Locate that chosen as quickly as possible and go to his, or her, aid immediately, lest Gar get the upper hand.”  The head winked out.  Blakstar slid his sword out and slipped it into its sheath; Klaybear retrieved his new staff.
“That last part sounds ominous,” Tevvy noted.  “I get the feeling that someone of our larger company is in trouble.”
Klaybear looked at him for a long moment before nodding.  “We should try and contact Klare, or Rokwolf,” he said.
“Go ahead,” Blakstar shrugged, “it would be useful to know how they are before we open a doorway to them.”
Klaybear drew a small circle on the altar with the heel of his staff, the green glow of the emerald eye filling the room, then lifted it to form the arch.  For a moment after the arch shimmered to life, they saw a flash of Klare’s face, but before they could determine if the look on her face was of fear or pain, the small archway went black.  They exchanged puzzled and concerned looks.  Klaybear tried again; when the arch shimmered to life for the second time, they got another glimpse of Klare’s face, sweat covered, streaks of dirt, and in pain, and they heard a split-second of her scream, cut off when the arch went black.
“I must go to her,” Klaybear said, withdrawing his staff so the small black arch winked out.  He put his staff on the floor and started to draw a larger circle.
Thal put out a hand to stop him.  “You cannot.  If you tried to step through when the arch went black, I fear you would be caught in between, forever lost.  Try to contact Rokwolf.”
A spasm of anger shot across the kailu’s face, then he slumped to the ground, both hands wrapped around and sliding down the staff, the light of the eye dimmed.
Thal looked from Klaybear to Blakstar.  “You try,” he whispered.
Blakstar nodded, taking out his sword and imitating Klaybear’s actions, filling the room with golden light.  When the arch shimmered to life, the space inside was completely black; they saw no glimpse of anything.
“This is not good,” Tevvy said, needlessly.
“Is it possible that we are still inside the tomb,” Thal said, “so still blocked?”
Blakstar shrugged.  “You know more about teka-enhanced devices than I do.”
“Why don’t you and Tevvy go outside, and try it again, there,” Thal suggested.
Blakstar nodded, moving to the door; Tevvy followed, looking back at Klaybear, face wrinkled with concern.  Bright sunshine stabbed into the tomb as the door opened and the two of them stepped out.  Thal tried to coax Klaybear to his feet, and after several moments, Klaybear stood up.
“We must get to her,” Klaybear said dully, “she’s in trouble.”
Thal nodded.  “Let’s go outside,” he said, “maybe Blakstar has gotten through.”

The kortexi stepped off the porch of the white stone building, squatting on one of the flat stones leading up to the porch.  He drew the small circle again, concentrating on Klare.  For the third time, they got a glimpse of her face, dirty, streaked with sweat, and heard a split-second of her scream of pain, then the arch went black.  He tried again, concentrating on Rokwolf, and this time, he saw Rokwolf’s face, dirty and bruised, as if he had been beaten.  His head lolled, and his eyelids fluttered open.
“Blakstar?” Rokwolf croaked.  “How?  I can only see your head.”
“No time to explain,” Blakstar hissed.  “Where are you and Klare?”
Rokwolf’s face, which brightened when he saw Blakstar, darkened.  “They have her; I’ve failed.”  His head drooped; his body shook as if he were silently sobbing.
“We’re coming to you,” Blakstar said.  “If you can stay awake, we can open a doorway right to you.”
“No,” Rokwolf croaked, “there are too many; you’ll be trapped.  They’ve already violated Klare.”
“What?” Blakstar growled, his face suddenly mottled.  “Stay awake!” he exclaimed.  “We’ll be there in moments.”  He lifted the sword; Rokwolf’s face vanished.  He drew a second archway, will-giver flaring brilliantly; Thal and Klaybear came out of the temple.  Before either could say anything, a doorway to Rokwolf had opened, shimmering in the air, and the kortexi leapt through.

“Blakstar!” Tevvy exclaimed.  “No, wait!”  The archway winked out.
“What . . . ?” Thal started to ask, but Tevvy cut him off.
“Give me the staff!” Tevvy shouted.  “I saw where Rokwolf is; I can open the doorway to him.”
Thal and Klaybear stood looking at him, unable to process what he was telling them.
“Klare’s in trouble,” Tevvy went on, holding out his hand, “they’ve been captured, and they’re . . . they’re . . . ,” he stammered, but he could not complete the sentence.  He jumped to them and took the staff from Klaybear’s limp fingers.
“Klare?” Klaybear asked.
But Tevvy ignored him, opening the archway as he had seen the others do, with the image of Rokwolf clearly in his mind, the emerald eye glowed brightly in response to the awemi’s need.  The gray shimmering changed to Rokwolf, beaten and bruised, tied to a tree.
“Hurry!” Tevvy exclaimed, “before Blakstar is overwhelmed.  Rokwolf said there were too many of them!”
Thal grabbed Klaybear’s arm and dragged him through the archway; Tevvy stepped through after them, and pushed the staff back into Klaybear’s hand, the green light of the stone dimming and going out as soon as Tevvy released it.  A dagger appeared in his hand, and he sliced the ropes holding Rokwolf, who slumped to the ground, body wracked with sobs.  They could hear shouts of fright and the clash of weapons to their left.
“Heal him, Klaybear,” Tevvy said, “then follow us; we’ll try and catch the kortexi before they have him tied to a tree.”  They heard growls of rage and screams of fright; Tevvy ran off in that direction with Thal in tow.
“Leave me,” Rokwolf moaned to his brother, who had knelt beside him and put his green-glowing hands upon his head, the light of his hands brighter than ever, the emerald eye flaring to life in response to his action.  “They have Klare; they’re violating her; don’t you understand?”  Energy flowed into Rokwolf, closing his wounds and giving him strength.  They heard the sudden crackle of lightning and knew Thal had joined the fray.  Rokwolf jumped to his feet, looking around for his weapons, suddenly filled with energy and deadly purpose; the clash of arms and shouts of anger and fear continued to echo under the trees.  Rokwolf ran forward to where his captors had dropped his weapons; Klaybear followed, but continued to be silent, breath-giver dragging behind him, the emerald eye dark.
“This way,” Rokwolf said after picking up his sword and shield, and slinging his bow and quiver over his shoulder.  “It sounds like the kortexi has driven them away from Klare, but not before the damage has been done.”
They moved through the trees, past the bodies of purem in various states of dismemberment, still leaking fluids and some twitching, along with a few evil-looking wethem, the bodies hacked to pieces and scattered over the ground.  They soon came to the center of the camp and saw Tevvy kneeling next to something lying on the ground.  Klaybear sobbed and ran forward, hands glowing again, breath-giver surrounded again by green light from the stone, seeing the beloved face, dirt and tear streaked, bruises on her cheeks, honey-flecked brown hair disheveled, her naked skin spattered with blood that smoked, unmoving on the ground, surrounded by bodies hacked worse than the others they had thus far seen.  Tevvy looked up when he heard them approach, his face bleak.  Klaybear fell to the ground beside them, placing his glowing hands upon her head, singing the orthek of healing, pouring into her more healing energy than he had ever been able to handle; the staff seemed to understand his need, the emerald stone bathing them in green light and enabling him to channel even more energy, directing him to the wounds and helping him to close and heal them.  The eyes fluttered and opened, the green eyes focused on the face of her husband.
“You didn’t come,” Klare spoke in barely a whisper, “I warned them that you would come and rescue me, but they only laughed as they . . . as they . . . you didn’t come,” she faltered, eyes filling with tears.  Klaybear sobbed as he pulled her to him fiercely, burying his face in her hair, and both were suddenly encased in a nimbus of emerald light.
Rokwolf touched Tevvy and then helped the awemi to his feet; they turned to go in the direction of the fading sounds of battle, took a few steps, then stopped when they saw Thal moving toward them.
“Where’s Blakstar?” Tevvy asked.
Thal turned and looked back over his shoulder.  “He is still chasing them,” he said dully and turned to look at them.  “I do not think he will stop until he has caught and killed them all.  He appears to have lost his mind,” he finished, shaking his head.
“What happened?” Tevvy asked Rokwolf.
The seklesi sighed and sat down next to a cooking fire.  “Did you get the staff?” he asked.
Tevvy nodded, coming to sit nearby, then pointed back at Klaybear and Klare, still surrounded by green light; Thal joined them.  The sounds of battle were fewer and farther away; Klaybear sobbed again, but his voice was muffled.
“A couple of hours after sunrise,” Rokwolf began, but Tevvy interrupted him.
“I meant after we left,” Tevvy said.
“Sorry,” Rokwolf said, and he explained how they had watched over Klare’s mother and sister through the night, with a growing sense of dread, and how he had discovered the looters moving through the ruins; how her sister had run off and was killed by the looters; how he and Klare had been trying to move her mother at the time, and how she had fallen off their makeshift stretcher, which had hastened her end.  “Two hours after the sun rose, we left the village with the horses,” he went on, “hoping to avoid any more notice of the looters, but we did not get far: the purem appeared from nowhere and captured us; the way was clear; I checked, and then they were suddenly all around us.”
Thal nodded.  “I’d bet that when those sent to catch us reported, the morgle sent those who captured you directly to you in the same way that we found and came to you.  We learned from Shigmar how to do this with the sword and staff.”
“What happened when Blakstar arrived?” Tevvy asked.
Rokwolf shook his head.  “Lucky for him and you,” Rokwolf replied, “my guards had turned to watch . . . ,” he hesitated, “watch what the others were doing to Klare.  Otherwise, he might have had a bigger fight on his hands, but then again, maybe it would not have mattered.  When he came through, he was completely out of his mind, berserk, as we say, and nothing could stand in the face of his wrath.  He was like a golden fire, surrounded by light, his sword a tongue of flame that cut them down like dry grass.  He just destroyed an entire company of purem, all by himself.  None of their weapons seemed to touch him; their ortheks simply bounced off him, and when they realized their danger, they began to flee from him; that was when the rest of you arrived.”
“But that was only seconds after he left us!” Tevvy exclaimed.
Rokwolf nodded.  “I would not believe you,” he said in a defeated voice, “if you had seen it and I had not.”
“Help me,” Klaybear croaked.
They turned to look at him; he was no longer encased in light, although the nimbus still surrounded Klare and pulsed with the slow beating of her heart.
“I have done all that I can,” Klaybear went on, his voice cracking, “I have healed her body, but something has happened to her mind.”
Thal stood up and moved quickly to his side, shifting his awareness so that he could look into Klare’s mind.  Are you with me? he asked Klaybear.
Klaybear nodded once, keeping his mouth closed for fear of sobbing again.
Thal looked into the patterns of Klare’s mind and saw that her whole mind was clouded by a darkness whose source he could not see.  How does it compare to the way it was when you, with the help of the One, knit it back together? he thought to Klaybear.
It looks the same, but it is hard to tell through the darkness, Klaybear thought back.
It is the source of the darkness that we must find, Thal thought, and deal with.  You should stay here, on the surface, while I try and locate the source; that way, if I get lost in the darkness, you can guide me back out without further disturbing her mind.
Okay, Klaybear thought back weakly.
Thal allowed his awareness to sink into Klare’s mind; he moved carefully past the surface, moving slowly through the spaces in the patterns.  Her mind was complex beyond most that he had seen; Thal thought that it rivaled his mother’s mind for the intricacies of the patterns of Klare’s thought.  He had seen nothing like this in any other mind that he had seen, except for one, and thinking of that mind made the blood rise to his cheeks.  He pulled his thoughts back to the present, knowing that a single distraction could cause irreversible damage to Klare’s mind, if it hadn’t already happened, and he feared it had.  He wove his way past the upper levels, following the darkness like a beacon, moving lower and deeper into her mind.  Finally, after what seemed an age, he found what he sought at the lowest levels, where he knew the autonomic impulses had their source, keeping the body breathing, the heart beating, along with a multitude of other automatic functions.  He circled around the source of the dark clouds, analyzing the pattern, and what he saw surprised him at first, and then he laughed.
What is it? Klaybear’s thought floated to him from a great distance.  I heard you laugh.
Yes, I did, Thal thought back.  When you had help knitting her mind back together, who was working on this side, down here?
Klaybear thought back to that moment that seemed so long ago, trying to remember who worked on that side and low.  He thought it was the feminine voice, who the One called his “mother.”  If the One is our ultimate Father, he thought to Thal, then it was our ultimate Mother who repaired that area.
Thal laughed again.  Yes, that makes sense.
What? Klaybear thought.
Unless I’m mistaken, Thal thought, and I will check again to be sure, but it looks like she put a slipknot in the pattern, here, where the damage is, and if I pull that knot loose, this section of the pattern will unravel, and the damage will no longer exist, so the darkness clouding her mind will dissipate.
Do you want me to come and help? Klaybear asked.
No, Thal thought back, it will be difficult enough for me to leave without altering anything else.  If you come down here the chances for accidental alterations increases exponentially.
Won’t untying that knot change her? Klaybear thought.
Yes. Thal replied.
How? Klaybear asked.
I cannot say for sure, Thal replied, nor can I say that it will eliminate all of the damage.  Days may pass before we know, maybe even months and years.  But if we do nothing, the darkness will continue to grow, consuming her mind.
For a time, there was silence.  Thal waited, examining the knot and the probable effects of untying that knot.
I can see no alternative, Klaybear thought.
I’m going over it again right now, to be sure, then I’ll untie the knot and watch it until it stops, Thal noted, in case anything goes wrong.
Thal was not surprised that Klaybear did not respond; he could hardly imagine how he must feel.  It amazed him that the pattern had been knit together here in such a way that the damage could be undone, but as he examined it for the second time, he could see that it would only be partially undone, that parts of the damage to the pattern would remain.  He reached out with his mental fingers and pulled the knot loose; threads of the pattern began to unravel, slowly at first, then faster, then slower, until it ceased.  Thal let out a mental sigh, and watched as the darkness dimmed and nearly winked out, but the clouds across the patterns above remained.  He knew they would dissipate, in time.  He looked back at the area that had been dark, and he wondered if it could be repaired with the Rod of Melbarth.  He checked the places at the edges of the damage, ensuring that the pattern would not unravel further.  Satisfied, he began the slow journey back to the surface of her mind and out.
It’s done, Thal thought to Klaybear.
You’ve undone the damage? Klaybear thought back.
As much as could be, at this point.  If I had the rod, I think I could repair it all.  He paused, waiting for a response from Klaybear.  After a few moments, he went on.  What amazes me is that our ultimate mother could have anticipated this damage to Klare in her future, and built into the pattern as she knitted it back together an area that I could later unravel, without the entire structure of her mind unraveling.  Only someone who was a master of knitting could have accomplished such a feat.  He fell silent, weaving his way carefully through the complex patterns of Klare’s mind.
How will she be? Klaybear thought as Thal neared the surface.
I do not know, Thal thought back.  The kind of trauma that she has suffered, both physical and mental, may take a long time to heal.  Add to this trauma, the sorrow that she must feel at losing all of her family in a single day.  Thal reached the surface of her mind, then switched his awareness back to normal.  He saw Klaybear still holding Klare tightly to his chest, still sobbing into her dirty hair; the green nimbus surrounding her faded, although the emerald eye of breath-giver continued to glow and pulse in time with her heart.  He looked around and saw Tevvy watching them, saw Rokwolf sitting next to Tevvy, head held in his hands.  He heard a sound beyond them and saw Blakstar forming out of the shadows under the trees.  The kortexi held the hilt of his sword, but the point dragged across the springy loam under the trees; that was the sound he had heard.
“It is done,” Blakstar said hoarsely.  “All who had a part in what happened here are dead.”
Klaybear sobbed again; Thal looked at him, then stood up and turned, to face the others.  “I think we should leave here quickly,” he noted, “before the morgle sends another company to capture us.”
“A company would not be enough,” Blakstar said in the same hoarse voice.  He stood, still facing them; he was covered in blood.
Rokwolf looked up and noticed; he turned to Tevvy.  “The lake is about half-a-mile in that direction.  Take our valiant kortexi to it and help him wash the blood from his clothes, armor, and weapon.  I don’t think it would be wise for him to come near Klare looking–or smelling–like that.”
“Her condition is very delicate,” Thal said.  “We will have to be very careful around her for a while, until we are sure she has recovered.”
Tevvy nodded.  “Come, Sir Blakstar,” he said formally, “we will go and wash away the stains of battle.”  He took Blakstar’s left hand and led him toward the lake, sword point still dragging across the ground.


Chapter 18

Of all the races, the vedem are the most enigmatic and reclusive; they rebuff all efforts toward friendship and turn back all delegations, refusing to treat with, or even speak to, anyone not of their race.  Thus, we know little of them or their ways. . . .

from Annals of Melbarth, Fifth Series, Early Lectures of the Hierarchs
Lecture by Sedra Melbarth

“I do not think we should go directly to the hill,” Rokwolf said.  They sat around the fire; Klaybear still knelt off to the side, holding the unconscious Klare, now wrapped in a blanket, tightly to his chest.  “Everything that has happened, especially the way Gar and the morgle have anticipated our every move, tells me they will know where we will go when we have the staff.”
“How could they know that we have gotten the staff?” Tevvy asked.
“The morgle should know by now, as he has the rod,” Thal said.  “We will not be safe anywhere until we get the rod, as whoever holds the rod can locate us in an instant.”
“I had forgotten,” Tevvy admitted, “but I thought the verghrenum masked our location,” he added, holding up his arms.
“They mask us from mental scrying and attack,” Thal said, “but the sword, rod, and staff are connected, so anyone who knows how, can, holding one of the three keys, find the other two.”
“Which is exactly why,” Rokwolf said, “I think going directly to the hilltop would be a mistake.”
“And it is also why,” Thal added, “we cannot stay here, or any other place, for much longer.”
Tevvy looked around nervously.  “Perhaps we have already stayed here too long.”
Rokwolf nodded.  “We need to get Klare to a safe place,” he said, lowering his voice.
“Why not our sanctuary beneath Shigmar?” Tevvy suggested.
“We closed the door when we left,” Thal said, “so time, in the chamber has stopped, and I do not think even the sword or staff could penetrate.”
“Why not open a door to the entrance hall, or the sewers?” Tevvy asked.
“Or the school Infirmary,” Rokwolf added.
Thal was shaking his head.  “When any city is under attack,” he said, “defensive ortheks are enacted that will prevent someone hostile from teleporting directly into the city.”
“But you said the sword and staff did not use teleportation teka,” Tevvy protested.
“Not in the same way,” Thal replied, “but it was Melbarth who designed the teka, with the help of Shigmar, so I’m certain they would have included the three keys in that defensive teka, in case the keys fell into the wrong hands.  We could try,” he added after a moment, “just be prepared for failure.”
Blakstar stood up, drawing his sword.  He thought for a moment.  “How about the room where we met with the Headmaster?”
Thal shrugged.  “That’s as good as any.”
The kortexi drew the circle on the ground, his sword surrounded by golden light, then drew the arch in the air; nothing happened.
Thal smiled, but said nothing.
Tevvy stood suddenly.  “I know where,” he said, checking his pockets and pulling out a rusty key.
The others looked at him, surprised.  Thal looked closely at the key.  “Isn’t that the key the Headmaster gave you to open the sewer gate?”
Tevvy nodded, grinning.
“So you are suggesting we go to that shelf of rock, and enter the sewers?” Thal asked.
Tevvy nodded again.
“It won’t work,” Blakstar said, “we could not take the horses onto that shelf, let alone, take them into the sewers.”
“We could put Klare on my pony,” Tevvy suggested, “it would fit, and I could take Klare to our sanctuary, or up into the school, for that matter.”
“You couldn’t get into the school, since the passage into the dungeon collapsed,” Klaybear said.
“I could use a different sewer grate,” Tevvy said, “or enter the teleport house.  They would take her, a fellow, injured kailu, to the school.”
Klaybear looked up; he spoke in twin.  “You must go with her,” he croaked, “since I cannot.  I must destroy those who have hurt her.”
Rokwolf opened his mouth to protest but stopped when he saw the look in his twin brother’s eyes.  He nodded.  “Get your pony,” Rokwolf said to Tevvy.  He looked to Blakstar and Thal.  “You’ll have to take the other horses with you.  I think it would be best if you made several doorways, moving to several different places: that might confuse, or at least, slow down, the morgle.  I’d go to the place we left when we opened a door into Kalbant to escape pursuit.”
They nodded, following Tevvy to retrieve the horses.  Rokwolf moved to his brother’s side.  “I’m sorry, bearman,” he whispered in twin; “I failed you.”
“No, wolfman,” Klaybear replied, “you did not fail, not here, not when Marilee was given the illness that marked her and Delgart.  Thal’s right, these kinds of things will continue to happen to us as long as someone among our enemies holds the rod.”  He looked up, his face grim.  “We will catch the beast on the battlefield and destroy him along with his army, and then the rod will be ours, and Thal can repair the damage done to my mate.”  His eyes grew distant.  “And then, we will destroy Gar, and end this once and for all.”
Rokwolf looked at his twin for a long moment before nodding; the look on Klaybear’s face was frightening, filled with anger and granite resolve.  But then his face changed, and he looked around.
“What is that sound?” Klaybear asked.
“I hear it,” Rokwolf replied, looking down.  “Your staff,” he said.
Klaybear picked up the staff where he had dropped it beside him, felt it humming as the sword had done.  “We’ve got to get out of here,” Klaybear said.
“Give me Klare,” Rokwolf replied, “and open a doorway to that shelf Tevvy spoke of.”  He took Klare as Klaybear stood.  They heard the sounds of running feet and hooves; Klaybear turned and jogged toward Tevvy.  “You heard?” Rokwolf asked without turning.
“We did,” Thal replied.
“I did not see the shelf outside the sewers,” Klaybear noted, “so I cannot open the door.”
“But if I open the door,” Tevvy protested, “the staff will be with me.”
“Both of you hold the staff!” Thal exclaimed, “Tevvy can open the door, then step through and release the staff to Klaybear.”
“Are you sure it will work?” Klaybear asked.
“No time,” Tevvy replied, pointing at an archway starting to open.  He grabbed the staff below Klaybear’s hand and started to draw, green light flaring from the emerald eye; nearby, Blakstar was doing the same, his sword surrounded by golden flames.  Tevvy’s doorway opened first, and Rokwolf leapt through carrying Klare.  Tevvy followed, releasing the staff and leading his pony through.  Thal sent forked lightning against the purem who had come through the morgle’s doorway.  Blakstar’s door opened; Klaybear lifted his staff and closed the door, and he turned and sent a bolt of green fire through the door opened by the morgle, striking the purem leaping through.  Thal stepped into the archway leading three of their horses; Klaybear sent another bolt of green fire into the morgle’s arch as he took the reins of Blakstar’s horse and his own, stepping through the archway.  The kortexi followed, lifting his sword and closing the archway, rolling forward to dodge the bolt of red fire that followed him through, winking out as soon as the archway closed.
“Well that was . . . ,” Blakstar started to say, but before the words were out, a net fell over his head, dragging him to the ground; he felt a blow to his head, his consciousness winking out, wondering how they could have been so stupid.

When Rokwolf reached the gate, he paused to place Klare’s limp body onto Tevvy’s pony, and Tevvy took out the rusty key given to him by the Headmaster and unlocked the gate.  Rokwolf led the pony through; Tevvy closed the gate again and tried to lock it and cursed.
“What’s wrong?” Rokwolf asked, wrapping a cloth around his mouth.
“The key won’t come out!” he exclaimed.  He fiddled with the lock for a moment.  “I can lock the gate, but the key will not come out, or I can leave the gate unlocked and take the key.”
“Will the gate stay closed when unlocked?” Rokwolf asked.
“Yes, but anyone could walk through,” Tevvy replied.
Rokwolf shook his head.  “It is not very likely; how many people know about this entrance?”
“My sense from the Headmaster,” Tevvy said, “was that it was a secret known only to the Headmaster.”
Rokwolf thought for a moment.  “Let me go and check that shelf again, just to be sure,” he said.
Tevvy nodded, opened the gate, and accepted the reins of his pony.  Rokwolf stepped through and stopped at the end of the tunnel.  After a moment of looking from the shadows, he slipped out of the tunnel and into the light of the sun nearing midday.  He went first to the edge of the shelf looking down.  He could see that climbing up would be difficult; he moved to where the shelf had fallen away and saw that Tevvy was correct in his assessment: the distance was too far to jump, and would have to be bridged somehow, which would require several people to climb first up to this side.  He thought that one of the seklesem’s engineer companies could probably manage it, given the time.  He shaded his eyes and scanned the area.  He turned to go, then turned back suddenly, looking again at a point far down the river, right at the edge of his vision.  He frowned and re-entered the tunnel.
“Go out and take a look down the river,” Rokwolf said as he stepped through the gate.  “I swear I caught a glimpse of something moving, and your eyes are sharper than mine.”
Tevvy nodded, handed him the reins, then stepped through the gate.  He returned a few minutes later, shaking his head.
“Nothing,” Tevvy reported to Rokwolf.  “Maybe you saw a stone fall, loosened by the heat of the sun.”
Rokwolf frowned again.  “We need to get Klare to the sacntuary.”
“Will she be safe there?”  Tevvy asked.
“What do you mean?” Rokwolf asked in turn.  “I thought you said that only the chosen could enter there?”
Tevvy nodded.  “That is true, but Thal was sure that Gar knows about it, and he believes that Gar could enter there, if the door were open.”
“What does the door have to do with it?” Rokwolf asked.
“I don’t really understand how it works,” Tevvy replied, “but when we close the door, while we are inside, time on the outside of the room stops; when we are on the outside of the room, time within the room stops, which is why we found things inside the room that were left by the founders, as new and fresh as if the founders put them there yesterday.”
Rokwolf nodded.  “My brother mentioned it to me, and he seemed to think that if one of us were inside, while the others were outside, that the room would be sealed from intrusion, except for us, and time would move normally on either side of the door.”
Tevvy frowned.  “As I’ve said, I have no idea how it works or what would happen; if he says so, I can only agree with him.  What did you have in mind?”
“We need to put Klare in there, to keep her safe,” Rokwolf replied, “but I think that we should enter the city and find the Headmaster, to let him know what has happened.”
Tevvy thought for a moment.  “Makes sense to me,” he agreed.
“We can come back by here,” Rokwolf added, “maybe you can figure out what’s wrong with the lock.”
“This way,” Tevvy said, leading his pony forward, her hooves echoing sharply on the stone.  He stopped and rummaged through his saddle bags, pulling out several odd-shaped leather, cup-like objects.  He bent and tapped his pony’s left fore-hoof, and she obediently lifted it.  He slipped one of the leather objects over her hoof, tying it in place.
“Aah,” Rokwolf said, “those are useful.”
“More than useful,” Tevvy replied, moving around his pony and tying one on each hoof, “they protect her hooves from stone roads.”
“And,” Rokwolf interrupted, “mask the sounds of her hooves on the paving stones, particularly at night, when one desires to leave town in a hurry and without being noticed.”
Tevvy looked sheepish.  “Well, yes, of course,” he stammered, “they also have that benefit.”
Rokwolf laughed softly.  “Don’t let Blakstar see them,” he warned, smiling widely.  “He’ll surely have a self-righteous fit.”
Tevvy frowned.  “Don’t remind me,” the awemi snapped, “he is the reason I volunteered for this assignment: anything to get away from his eyes, always watching me, accusing me of thievery every chance he gets.”
“Don’t be too hard on him,” Rokwolf said, “he is a product of his order.  And,” Rokwolf went on, stopping the awemi’s protest, “extremely valuable in a fight.  Whenever you feel you cannot take him anymore, just think of what he did, by himself, to an entire company of purem.”
“With that sword,” Tevvy remarked, his eyes wide, “he could take on an entire legion.  All he has to do is ride through their ranks, dragging that sword across any exposed skin--a scratch is enough--and the entire legion would surrender on the spot.”
“Is it really that powerful?”  Rokwolf asked, his eyebrows rising.
“Have you forgotten what he just did?” Tevvy asked in surprise.
“Uh, no,” Rokwolf replied, “but we could attribute that to being berserk–I was talking about his sword.”
Tevvy nodded.  “I saw it take the will from any creature it touched, like those mindless stone creatures that attacked us in the earth realm: one nick and the creature was prostrate on the ground, begging for mercy.”
Rokwolf frowned.  They turned left on the bridge, heading west through the sewers.  “So why didn’t he let the purem surrender?” he asked.
Tevvy shook his head.  “I only saw him behave that way once before,” he noted, “in the dungeon under the school, when the kwalu-controlled council member was telling his apprentice that he was going to . . . ,” he stopped, looking thoughtful.
“What?” Rokwolf asked.
“Klare was in that room,” Tevvy went on, “and they were bragging about raping her there, and when he found out that you were captured, and what your captors were doing to Klare . . . ,” he stopped.
“He went berserk,” Rokwolf supplied.
“Is it because he’s sensitive toward Klare?” Tevvy asked.
“Not just Klare,” Rokwolf replied, “but all wetham.  His order puts wetham on pedestals and worships them; to the kortexi, a wetha is an object of beauty, like a delicate glass sculpture that should be protected from all hurt.  When the seklesi order was founded, the kortexem refused to recognize the new order . . . ,” Rokwolf began, but Tevvy finished the sentence for him.
“Because your wetham share the work equally, fighting and dying alongside you,” Tevvy finished.
Rokwolf nodded.  “It took many consultations with both the kailu and maghi masters before the kortexem grudgingly agreed not to attack us.  I don’t think they accepted my order until the first time we fought together in a battle, at the Crossings of Reema, as I recall, that they saw the value of our way.”  Tevvy turned to the right, moving north; Rokwolf followed.  “That is probably why he went berserk, because to them, rape is like purposely crushing an object of art.  Not that we find it any less offensive, but that the kortexem are particularly offended by it.”  Rokwolf fell silent, and after more time passed, something in the back of his mind clicked into place; he groaned.
The awemi reached the secret door, putting his hand into the roughly-shaped hand indentation in the wall.  The door slid silently open.  “Here we are,” he said brightly, leading his pony through, then waiting for Rokwolf before pushing the door closed.  He pointed to the hand print indentations on the back of the door.  “Put your right hand there,” he told Rokwolf, pointing to the larger.
“Why?” Rokwolf asked, looking slightly puzzled.
“It’s how the door recognizes you are one of the chosen,” Tevvy replied, “so that you can leave and enter at will.”  Rokwolf felt a tingle in his palm on placing it against the door, and a jolt of excitement coursed through him; he removed his hand and stared at it in wonder.  Tevvy led him down the ramp, past the waterfall and to the door.  “Let’s see if you are recognized,” he said, pointing to the indentation on the door into their sanctuary.
Rokwolf nodded, putting his right hand on the door, feeling a slight tingle in his palm; the door opened.  Tevvy looked around.
“I wonder,” Tevvy said, glancing back at the waterfall and ramp descending to their sanctuary, “if we could open a doorway to this room?”
Rokwolf shrugged.  “I got the sense from Thal that this area would be protected by the same teka that protects the city above.”
Tevvy shook his head and led his pony into the doorway and the room beyond.  “Don’t close the door,” he said to Rokwolf, “I don’t think we should stop time.”
Rokwolf nodded and followed colliding with the pony.  “Why have you stopped?” he asked.
“The room has changed!” Tevvy exclaimed.  “There was no doorway over there,” he pointed.
Rokwolf slipped past the pony and into the main chamber, looking around.  “It looks the way it was described to me,” he noted, “but you say that door wasn’t there before; it looks like a stable door,” he finished, walking around the central table.  He opened the new door.  He turned back to Tevvy smiling.  “It is a stable,” he said, and he turned and entered the new room, “complete with everything we’d need to keep all of our horses here,” and he laughed, seeing another, larger chamber beyond the stable.
“What is so funny?” Tevvy asked, leading his pony through the room and into the stable.  Rokwolf pushed open another door.
“There is another large chamber here,” Rokwolf said over his shoulder, “looks like it is set up so we can exercise our horses.  It looks to be lit somehow, by the sun.”
Tevvy opened one of the barrels, then scooped grain into one of the feeding troughs, smaller than the others.  He pulled off his pony’s bridle, so she could eat.  Rokwolf entered the larger chamber, finding an exercise track with a stream running through the chamber; in the center of the track he saw a flat section of plowed earth, surrounded by a fence.
“Look over here,” Rokwolf called.
As he moved closer the center of the exercise track, he saw that the stream crossed the track in two places–one by a low stone bridge and the other by a flat ford over which the water passed musically–and passing through the center of the field; grass grew around the track and the edge of the field, where the large square had been fenced off.
Rokwolf leaned on the fence.  “I think you could grow a garden in here,” he said.
Tevvy walked up next to him and looked around.  “It is quite strange,” he agreed, “it looks like we are outdoors in the sun, but I can see the ceiling of the cave overhead, and the walls all around us.”  After a moment, he shook his head.  “We better take care of Klare.”
Rokwolf nodded and they both returned to the smaller cave where Tevvy’s pony was happily munching on the grain; Tevvy paused to add some hay to the manger, breaking open one of the bales stacked in one corner of the stable.  Rokwolf lifted Klare carefully off and carried her back into the main room; Tevvy followed, leading him to the room and bed in which she had before rested, opening the door for Rokwolf, who laid her carefully on the bed and covered her with the blanket.
“I’ll go finish unsaddling my pony,” Tevvy said.
Rokwolf nodded and followed him back into the main room, leaving the door slightly open.  Both of them stopped suddenly.
“Did you hear that?” Tevvy hissed, looking around.
Rokwolf’s brow wrinkled; he nodded.  “I did, but I think it was a whisper inside my head.”
Tevvy let out his breath suddenly.  “Good,” he noted, “I thought I had gone mad, hearing voices.  I think we are supposed to stay here, rather than look for the Headmaster.”
“That’s what I heard,” Rokwolf replied, “which seems strange, since finding out what is going on in the battle above seemed important before, but now . . . ,” he stopped, thinking and looking around.
“But now,” Tevvy picked up where Rokwolf stopped, “it does not seem necessary or important.  And each time I try to think about leaving, I am suddenly thinking instead about Klare and this room.”
“I, too,” Rokwolf went on, “feel that way, but I don’t know why.”
“Nor I,” Tevvy said, “but I think it would be safe for one of us to rest, while the other watches.”
“Yes,” Rokwolf said, “and I think I should rest first.”
“There is another room, over there,” Tevvy pointed.  He looked up at Rokwolf.  “This is strange,” he said.  “Didn’t I tell you this was a wondrous room?”

A sound penetrated the darkness, lazily floating to the surface of his mind: creak-creak, followed by silence, then, creak-creak bump shake shake.  Someone was sneaking into his room, Klaybear’s sluggish mind thought, it must be Rokwolf.  Creak-bump-creak-shake bump-bump-shake-shake-shake.  He’s trying to wake me, Klaybear thought, but I’m tired and want to sleep, and my head hurts.  Creak-creak.  Why did that sound persist?  Why couldn’t he leave me alone?
“Klaybear?” a voice asked, but it wasn’t Rokwolf.  Maybe it was Delgart, but no, Delgart had been taken away in the raid.  Creak-creak, bump-shake-shake.
“Klaybear?” the voice asked again.  It was familiar, but the pain in his head--creak-creak--was too much.  “Leave me alone!” he tried to shout, but heard no words–the creaking, the bumping, and the shaking were the only sounds audible, besides the intrusive voice.
“Are you all right?” the voice asked.  He thought he knew that voice, but how?  Where?  He rolled to his other side, hoping the voice would leave him alone to sleep, but now the creaking was punctuated by a clinking nearby, almost in his ears, he thought.
“You must wake up,” the voice insisted.  Bump-bump, shake-shake-shake.  “Blakstar is injured: I cannot help him,” the voice went on imploring.  Blakstar? he thought, who was--creak-creak--Blakstar?  Then images flooded his sluggish mind; he sat up, blinded for a moment by the bright light around him, but the creaking, bumping, and shaking persisted.  As his eyes struggled against the light, then struggled to focus; the back of his head throbbed painfully, every bump increasing the pain.  He needed to do something about the pain--creak-creak.  He raised one hand to the back of his head, seeing a flash of green light move through his blurred vision; he felt the lump on the back of his head, felt it warm, then cool, then the pain diminished to a dull ache and his eyes focused; a face swam into focus, framed by wild, red hair covered with twigs and dirty leaves: Thal, the name surfaced as his eyes cleared.  He looked around, saw crude but thick wooden bars, light moving over them as they passed under the shade of trees, the regular creaking of the axle and the bumping and shaking of the wagon as it rolled slowly over bumps and holes in the road.  His eyes fell on the unmoving form of the kortexi, and he reached out with his still green-glowing hand, laying it on Blakstar’s sweaty forehead, feeling the healing energy passing through his hand as he hummed the words of a healing orthek, drawing power from the air around him.  The kortexi groaned and sat up.
“What happened?” Blakstar asked.
“We were trapped,” Thal said dully, “they were waiting for us to appear, with nets ready.”
“My head still hurts,” Blakstar noted, one hand going automatically to his belt, but his belt, sword, and the vessel of the Waters of Life were gone.  “My sword!” he hissed.
Thal nodded and pointed.  “There, at the front of this wagon,” Thal said softly, “along with the staff, my rod, our packs and belts, in short, all that we possessed that might be useful to us now.”
Harsh laughter punctuated the creak-creak of the wagon.  Their troop of horses was tied to the back of the wagon and following along in a single line; the wagon and horses were surrounded by a group of purem.
“Behold the mighty kortexi,” a harsh puri voice exclaimed, “caged!”  Seeking the source of the voice, Klaybear saw that the one who had spoken was not a puri as he first thought, but a stocky ponkolu, with a broad chest and long arms bulging with muscles, huge hands, looking strong enough to crush any wethi, no matter how strong.
“Caught like a rat in our trap,” added another voice; more harsh laughter followed.
“You let me out of this cage,” Blakstar retorted, “and we will see who laughs.”
The purem surrounding the cage roared with laughter.
“We are not fools,” the ponkolu said, grinning widely and showing his broken fangs and missing teeth.
“We know what you did to the others,” the second said.
“So you will remain safely caged,” the ponkolu said.  The others laughed again.  “Then you will pay for what you have done.”  He pointed at Blakstar with one of his long arms, revealing its unnatural length and girth; the other hung at his side, reaching to his knee.
“Yes,” the second voice said, licking his lips, “we will slice away your flesh, one small strip at a time,” the puri went on, holding up his finger and thumb, “broiling it and eating it while your blood leaks slowly away.”  The others laughed at this.
“Or better yet,” a third voice croaked, “we’ll call the breeders and their mistresses, and let them have their fill of you before we eat you!”
“Blakstar, no!” Thal shouted, trying to stop the kortexi from hurling himself at the wooden bars.  Red light flashed and Blakstar was thrown back, hands burned and smoking.  Klaybear reached out his hand and healed the burns.
“That’s right, kailu,” the ponkolu said, “you keep him whole and healthy until we are ready to break him, and you.  Perhaps by then we’ll find where your mate is hiding,” he added, the others laughing harshly, “and we’ll have some more fun with her.  I’m sure her screams were,” he paused, licking his lips with relish, then whispering, “stimulating.”
Rage burned within Klaybear, and he started to throw himself at the bars, but his anger burned out as quickly as it had come; he slumped, thinking of Klare and the damage done to her.
Blakstar moved as close as he could to the bars, so that they started to glow red, nearest to where the ponkolu stood.  “Mark my words, spawn of Gar the accursed,” he hissed through clenched teeth, “you will make a mistake, you always do, and when you do, I will not stop to pick up my sword or any other weapon, but I will tear you limb from limb with my bare hands!”
So great was the power and majesty of the kortexi, that the purem drew back for a moment, but the ponkolu laughed loudly at the three caged in the creaking wagon, the others quickly joining him although their laughter sounded forced.
“You keep thinking that way, kortexi,” the ponkolu spat, “because it will make breaking you all the more pleasurable.”

Blakstar turned back to his companions.  “How is he?” he asked softly, pointing at Klaybear who was slumped on the bed of the wagon.
Thal shook his head.  “How are we going to get out of this?” Thal asked.  “That is the more appropriate question.”
Blakstar looked forward at their weapons lying just in front of the cage on the bed of the wagon.  He wanted to stand up, but the wooden bars overhead were too close.  “Isn’t there anything you can do?” he asked, pointing to their weapons.
Thal shook his head.  “Although you cannot see them, we are surrounded by black maghem and red kailum.  Just at the edge of my hearing, they are chanting their ortheks, keeping the shield around us.  If I tried to, say, lift my rod to me, the orthek would bounce back at me lifting me into the shield where I would be burned by the teka fire surrounding us.  I think they hoped I would try.  They certainly baited you and Klaybear for that very reason: to see you hurl yourself against the bars and be burned.”
Blakstar sighed and looked around.  “Where are they taking us?”
“To Shigmar,” Thal said softly, “do you not recognize the road we travel?”
Blakstar nodded once after looking around them again.  “At this rate, we will not be there until sundown.”
Thal nodded.  “You rest,” he said, “you look like you could use it.”
Blakstar laughed once.  “Rest,” he chuckled, “as if I could.”
“There is nothing else you can do,” Thal replied.  “My mother . . . ,” he started to say, and Blakstar saw the tear forming in his eye, “she always taught me to take advantage of the opportunities placed before me.  Since there is nothing we can do right now, you might as well enjoy the ride.”
Blakstar shook his head, but chuckled again in spite of their hopeless situation.
“I’ll wake you the moment anything changes,” Thal added.

Noon came and went; the afternoon moved toward sunset, ticked off by the constant “creak-creak” of the wagon’s wooden axle as the wheels went round and round.  The ponkolu and purem continued to taunt the three caged, alternating between direct insults and vulgar stories of their violent exploits.  Seeing the anger and frustration growing in his two companions, Thal touched both of their foreheads with a finger, creating a tiny envelope of silence around each head, so that neither could hear what the purem were saying; both rested fitfully after that.  Thal sat cross-legged with his elbows resting on his knees, passing the time by meditating upon the facts and history of what had happened over the past few days, and what might happen in the future.  He kept one ear on the conversations of their captors, hoping to glean more information that might help him to see new patterns among what he already knew, when he noticed the creaking of the wagon had ceased.  He focused on his surroundings and realized at once they had stopped moving.  The purem guarding the wagon were whispering among themselves, wondering, as Thal, why they had stopped.  He saw no sign of the ponkolu.  It was an hour before sunset; as Thal looked around, he saw they had stopped near the place where he and his companions had first entered the road as they traveled north from Shigmar: the city of the kailum must be just around these hills.  The purem began looking around nervously; from their whispers, Thal gleaned that they should have met another company by now, to escort them, but the company had not arrived.  Thal felt, and then he could hear, the chanting of the red kailum and the black maghem change, as if some of the voices had stopped chanting.  He listened more carefully, saw the two purem driving the wagon exchanging nervous glances, and heard the chanting change again.  He touched his companions, cancelling the silence he had placed around them, roused them but held both still, to keep them from sitting up and alerting their purem guards, who were still looking around nervously.
“Hold still,” Thal whispered to them through clenched teeth.  “We’ve stopped, and it sounds like some of those maintaining the shield around us have turned to do something else.”
“Can you break through?” Klaybear whispered.
“I’ll check,” Thal whispered back, reaching out tentatively with his mind, which was not thrown back, but the barrier was still there.  Yet even as he probed, he felt it weaken further still, and he knew that the time had nearly come for action.  Shouting and curses suddenly erupted around them, just beyond the edge of the trees all surrounding the road.  “It’s weakening,” he whispered, and after another moment, “get ready,” he noted, “I’m going to try and cut through the shield on the side nearest our weapons.  If I can breach it for a moment, I think I can call my rod into my hand, and then I can shatter the shield, and maybe the cage while I’m at it.”
“Don’t worry about the cage,” the kortexi noted coldly, “if the shield is gone, I will make sure the bars follow.”
“Together,” Klaybear said as coldly, “we will make the bars disappear.”
“And the purem guarding us will rue the day they were chosen for this job,” Blakstar added.
Thal shook his head but did not reply.  He checked the shield again and saw that it had weakened further.  “Ready?” he whispered.
They nodded.  “The roof?” Blakstar asked.
“The roof,” Klaybear replied, and both shifted and rolled slowly sideways, until both were squatting on their feet.  “For Klare,” Klaybear noted.
Blakstar nodded.  “And all others they have violated.”
Thal noticed the looks on both faces and thought that if he were one of the purem and saw those looks, he would start running.  “Watch me,” he whispered, and he stabbed at the shield with his mind.  They heard a pair of strangled cries from somewhere in front of the wagon; the purem around the wagon looked nervously in that direction.  The shield opened; Thal reached past the bars with the hands of his mind, lifted and brought his rod through the bars into his outstretched right hand.  When his fingers closed around his rod, a bolt of white light shot straight up through the bars over their heads, then the bolt curved suddenly and shot toward the area in front of the wagon.  They heard screams of pain, suddenly cut off.  “Now!” Thal shouted.  Blakstar and Klaybear threw their shoulders against the bars, their normal strength enhanced by their anger over what had happened to Klare, over being captured, caged, and taunted.  The rough bars overhead creaked, then cracked, then burst under the force of righteous anger.  As the two leaped over the cage to grab their weapons, Thal stood and shot bolts of forked lightning at the two purem driving the wagon, who had turned to see what the noise behind them was, and so both took the bolts full in the chest and were blasted from their seats.
The purem guarding the cage were momentarily stunned when they turned and saw the cage burst open; those who were immediately behind the wagon were crushed to the ground by the remains of the cage top.  Thal saw his two companions grab their weapons and leap off the wagon to the right and left, so he turned around and shot bolts of white fire at the guards struggling to get out from under the cage top.  Blakstar leapt off the wagon straight at the puri who had taunted them, hissing through clenched teeth: “You’ve made your last mistake!”  Will-giver whistled through the air surrounded by golden fire, neatly removing the puri’s head, the face wearing a startled look; the other three purem on that side did not have time even to block before Blakstar had cut them to pieces.  On the other side of the wagon, Klaybear used breath-giver, surrounded by green light, to parry the feeble attempts to attack him, crushing four skulls, one after another, with four swift strokes.  Thal blasted the two remaining behind the wagon with white fire, knocking them from their feet, and before they could get up, the kortexi and kailu were there, depriving them of further breath.  Blakstar and Klaybear backed up to the wagon, looking all around for the rest of the company.  They stood silent and ready, not moving for several minutes, listening intently until they were startled by the sounds of someone crashing through trees and underbrush.
Out of the trees and brush at the edge of the road, almost along the same path they had followed previously, crashed the ponkolu, hands holding the left side of his face; blood leaked from between his fingers, blood that smoked in the cool air of late afternoon.  He stopped short, seeing the wagon empty, the cage in ruins, and his comrades sprawled upon the ground, their spilled blood beginning to steam and smoke.  Blakstar leaped toward the ponkolu, will-giver held high and ready to descend, splitting the skull of the surprised ponkolu.  He held still, as if waiting for the death hurtling toward him, dodging sideways out of the kortexi’s way even as Blakstar sliced down.  The ponkolu removed his hands from his face and opened a black archway.  Before he stepped through and disappeared, they clearly saw that the left side of his face had been sliced open, destroying his left eye.  Although falling forward as a result of encountering no resistance to his sword stroke, Blakstar managed to twist and alter his swing, raking the tip of his sword across the ponkolu’s back, causing him to shriek in pain, a shriek cut-off when the black archway closed.  Blakstar crashed onto the ground, disappearing for several moments in the underbrush.  As he extricated himself from the undergrowth, a new voice startled them and caused him to whip around, will-giver coming up to attack the newcomer.
“Hold, chosen!” came a voice from in front of Blakstar, but it was not a harsh, puri voice, rather it was soft and melodic, like a breeze gently shaking the trees.  A tall, alabaster-skinned figure stepped out of the trees, holding up his right hand, palm toward them, in the symbol of parlay.
Thal raised one eyebrow.  “I had understood that the vedem had a policy of non-interference with the other races.”
“Your information is correct,” the musical voice of the vedi replied.  He was at least two feet taller than Thal, who was the tallest of the three, with hair like golden sunshine.  His eyes were deep blue and his ears pointed.  He carried a bow, longer then the bows they had seen carried by their seklesi companions, with a quiver of arrows slung over his back.  The sleeveless vest and breeches he wore were feathered, his knee boots of leather and colored golden brown.  A long curved dagger hung from his belt.  “I am Neflo, son of Nefli, leader of the vedi contingent sent to aid the chosen of the One.  I have words that I must give to you, the words of our seers.  Grab your things, and your mounts, and follow me.”  He turned and passed back under the trees.
The three companions exchanged looks, then grabbed their packs and belts, untied their horses from the wagon, and led them in the direction the vedi had gone.  Blakstar detoured to the front of the wagon, releasing the brake and slapping the nearest horse, starting the wagon moving again, then followed the others into the trees.  They found the vedi waiting a short way under the trees.  When all three of them approached, Neflo held up both hands in greeting.
“We have destroyed the purem who held you captive,” Neflo began, “and I think we owe you some explanation of why we have broken our policy of isolation.  Our seers knew over twenty of your years ago, that the first of the chosen had been born into the world, and that events were moving toward a foreseen confrontation.  A few years before the first chosen was born, the seers saw that we must come to the aid of the chosen at this moment else all races would be enslaved under Gar’s rule.  We obeyed the seers, although with much reluctance.  We were also instructed to give you a warning.”
“A warning?” Thal asked, one eyebrow rising slowly.
Neflo nodded to Klaybear.  “A warning about breath-giver: our seers have seen that it will cause great damage to our world; you must return it to the tomb for safe-keeping without using it.”
“Without using it?” Klaybear said.  “We cannot; we were told that it is the only way we can save Shigmar.”
Neflo shook his head.  “You will not save the city with breath-giver; you will destroy it, as surely as the armies come against the city will destroy it, but many will survive.  You must go into the city and lead the survivors away.  The seklesem army is trapped within the pass and will not come before the city is destroyed.  Your only hope is to save the people.”
“Shigmar told us the only way to save the people is with his staff,” Klaybear countered.
“Also,” Thal added, “we have been told that the staff is necessary to end Gar’s rule; we need the staff for that.”
“That ending may not happen for many years,” Neflo retorted, “even our seers cannot see when that will occur.”  He looked at Klaybear.  “How do you know that it is the only way to save the city?  Have you, personally, explored all possibilities?  Using the staff will bring a terrible burden upon your head; the seers have seen this, and we know that you have not explored other options, and that you do not have to pay this terrible price.  Even your first kailu himself could not see other possibilities.”
Klaybear and Thal both raised their eyebrows.  “How do you know that?” Klaybear asked.
“All wethem are blinded by their choices,” the vedi replied, “even Shigmar himself was blinded by his choices, by the things he chose not to see.”
“What didn’t he see?” Klaybear asked.
“Not what he didn’t see,” Neflo replied, “but what he saw and refused to recognize.”
“What did he refuse to recognize?” Thal asked.
“Only he could tell,” the vedi replied.
“Then how are you so sure that he did?” Thal pressed.
“It is the flaw of all wethem,” Neflo replied, “the flaw in your makeup that makes you such easy prey to evil, so quick to turn from the good.  Have you not seen this flaw for yourselves, in the way you have been treated by those who should be aiding you, because of the marks you all wear, marred as you are by Ghwondreu himself?”  He paused to look down at each of them.  “One’s destiny can be changed by choosing a different destiny, by choosing not to accept it.”
They looked at him, stunned by his words.
Neflo raised one hand.  “This is what we have come to tell you; we exhort you to take the staff back and not use it to save your city.  For the sake of the people, for your own sakes, do not use this terrible power of breath-giver.”  Without waiting for them to respond, Neflo turned and disappeared into the shadows under the trees like a rush of wind through the branches.


Chapter 19

1Melancholia can be as debilitating as any other mental disease, and in some ways more deadly, for the person so afflicted becomes unpredictable, saying and doing things she would otherwise never say or do . . . the larger the trigger, the more unpredictable the response. . . .

Relana, Headmistress of Shigmar, 2370-2414

“What was that all about?” Blakstar asked as he, Thal, and Klaybear led their horses up the hill, following nearly the same path they used when climbing this hill two days ago.  Klaybear had been silent since the vedi had left them.
“I do not know,” Thal admitted.  “The vedem are a strange race that remains isolated from the rest of us.  They are not evil, but they have never lifted a finger, before now, to help anyone but themselves.”
“So why would they help us, now?” Blakstar asked.
“You heard what he said,” Thal noted, “about their seers.”
“What are seers?” Blakstar asked.
Thal sighed.  “They are ‘see-ers,’ and they look into the future, much like the visions of the kailum, or the vukeetu of the maghem, who get glimpses of the future.  However, with the vedem, their council of seers is their ruling body, directing the actions of all the vedem, wherever they reside.”
“But why would they tell us,” Blakstar protested again, “to return the staff and not use it, when we have been told over and over again that we need the staff to destroy Gar?”
“No idea,” Thal admitted.  “They did not share much with us, only that they had to rescue us, and their opinion that we should not use the power of the staff to save Shigmar.”
Blakstar shook his head and looked around.  “We are getting close to the hilltop,” he noted, “I am beginning to hear the sounds of the battle beyond.”
“Yes,” Thal agreed, “we must be cautious.”  He looked around.  “Should we leave our horses here?” he asked.
Blakstar shook his head.  “No, I want them close, in case we need them.”  They were coming to the edge of the trees.  “Wait here,” Blakstar said, putting a hand on Thal’s arm to stop him.  He handed Thal his reins.  “I will go ahead, in case there is another company of purem waiting.”
“Or one of the aperum,” Thal muttered.
Blakstar smiled and put one hand on the hilt of his sword.  He turned and moved forward up the hill, crouching down and crawling as he came to the edge of the wood.  He soon disappeared from Thal’s view.
“What did you think of Neflo?” he asked softly, turning to Klaybear.
The green kailu only shrugged.
“My sentiments exactly,” Thal added.  He looked back in the direction the kortexi had gone.  “I wonder how the others are?” he asked.
“We could find out,” Klaybear replied, holding up his staff.
“With the morgle on the other side of this hill?” Thal replied, “have you lost your mind?”  He smiled to show his companion that he jested.
Klaybear sighed.  “You are right; I think I have lost my mind.”
“Hardly,” Thal retorted, “I’ve studied those who have lost their minds: they chew on their own hands or beat their heads against walls; a few are perfectly sane one minute, foaming at the mouth and barking the next.  I have not seen you behave in any of these manners.”
Blakstar came back, his face wrinkled.
“What is it?” Thal asked.
“I was right,” the kortexi replied, “there was a company of purem waiting for us.”
“I noticed your use of the past tense,” Thal said.
Blakstar nodded.  “The hilltop is covered with their dead bodies.  Look at this,” he held out an arrow.
“The vedem?” Thal and Klaybear spoke together.
“Yes,” Blakstar replied, “the vedem.”
“That makes no sense,” Klaybear protested.  “Why would they rescue us, tell us not to use the staff, but then clear our path to the place where we must go to use the staff?”
“I am equally baffled by their behavior,” Thal noted, “unless, of course, the clearing of our path was part of the instructions given to their seers.”
Klaybear shrugged.
“We must go,” Blakstar said, “I glimpsed the battle below and things are going badly for the defenders.”
Klaybear looked a question at him.
“The gates are about to be breached,” Blakstar replied.
Klaybear rushed forward, leading his and Klare’s horses up the hill.  As he neared the brow of the hill, he released the reins; the two horses were content to begin cropping the grass on the hilltop, having been forced to plod along behind the wagon for most of the day.  Thal and Blakstar followed, stopping to untie Klare’s horse from Klaybear’s, and Rokwolf’s from Blakstar’s.  The kailu had sunk to the ground at the top of the hill, clinging to his staff.  Below, they could see krugle and megatrem carrying a very large, iron-forged battering ram up to the gates; the hail of arrows coming from the walls above bounced off the thick chain mail each of the huge creatures wore.  On one side of the gate, purem and ghelem waited, shields held over their heads; on the other side, tall, blue-skinned wedaterem waited to rush forward when the gate was breeched.  A red and an orange aperu flew toward the gate, crossing in midair, one flying west, one east, above the walls, each opening their jaws to let fire and acid rain down upon the defenders, but the defenders were waiting for this move; first the red, then the orange, was struck in the chest by one of the ballista on the towers.  Two howls of pain, one sounding like roaring flames, the other rumbling like a bubbling cauldron, and the two aperum veered away from the walls, crashing to the ground.  A cheer went up from the walls, but the cheer was cut-off suddenly the moment the battering ram, swung by huge hands, crashed into the gates, then a second time, then a third, and on the fourth, the gates crumpled, then crashed open, and the hordes waiting in the wings surged into the city.
“NO!” Klaybear shouted, rising to his feet and holding up breath-giver, glowing brightly in his hand.  Thal took out the parchment upon which he had written the words of the orthek, but there was no need, Klaybear had already begun singing them, in his strong, clear, bass voice: eli-ghende-gwehram-sisogheto-kustho-staurore-aiwamdwo.  

Silence fell on the battlefield below, as all eyes turned to see who had sung those words in a voice that penetrated the noise of battle.  The staff glowed more brightly; the air around Klaybear went suddenly cold; the colors around them faded in the painful brightness of the light surrounding breath-giver, then all light winked out.  Klaybear felt his horse nuzzling his arm, and he noticed the all their horses had drawn up next to them.  When the light flashed on, Klaybear caught a glimpse of shimmering gray, somewhere below and to their right, that winked out as light returned.  He felt a concussion, emanating from the staff, that created a circle of total blackness, darker than the darkest night, about twenty yards from the staff, that grew slowly, devouring everything in its path: the grass, the trees, and any living creature it touched, leaving in its wake only dust and bleached bones.  From the black wave pieces of wispy white light began to rise, slowly moving into the air, then curving back and picking up speed as the wispy white streams were sucked into the staff.  As the wave stole the life from the forces fighting in the battle below, their faces, twisted with pain and anger, sailed past the three keyholders on the hilltop, but Klaybear saw more than faces.  For him, time slowed until every moment, every slow thudding beat of his heart pounding in his chest, felt like an age, and he beheld every face, and saw every dream, every desire, every sorrow, every wish of every person, both friend and foe, killed by the power of his staff, and he wanted to close his eyes, his ears, all his senses, he wanted to die, but that was not possible with so much life energy stored in the staff clutched in his hands.  The faces and forms continued to fly past his senses, his mind, and into the staff; he cried out in pain, in anguish, but the wave continued to grow, consuming his enemies, and his friends, and their accusations, their lost dreams, became more painful to him than the horrors experienced, the unchecked appetites for flesh and blood, the anger and violence of his foes.  The wave of destruction continued to expand, passing the walls of the city, and the faces became more familiar, the merchants from the marketplace where he and Klare purchased food and other supplies, their closest neighbors, his fellow students, the staff of the school, and his kailu masters, more purem, even a few seklesem.  Then the wave reached its limit; it flickered, then went out, and the last of the faces dropped their burdens upon him, then the blessed emptiness of darkness took him, wiping away all pain.

Tevvy looked up, sensing something.  Rokwolf was in the other room, sleeping.  All was suddenly quiet, too quiet, Tevvy thought, and he stood up and walked toward the entry into their sanctuary.  He stopped in the doorway, looking out at the ramp descending from the sewers above and the waterfall.  Through his bare feet he felt a vibration, then he heard the rumble, barely audible to him, but growing louder as it got nearer.  The vibration and sound reached a point that Tevvy thought for sure would loose stones from the ceiling, so he looked up warily.  Then the sound and vibration stopped at once, and, if it were possible, it was more quiet than before, especially when the water stopped falling from the ceiling of the antechamber.  After a few moments of this eerie silence, Tevvy turned to go and wake Rokwolf, when a trickle of water started to fall from the ceiling; the trickle grew until the water fell at the same rate as before.  Tevvy took a step forward, and stopped, feeling the pressure in the room change.  He stepped back, intending to close the door, when he heard the sound of stone from above, followed by soft footfalls.  He started to close the door, then paused; his mind, although sluggish at the moment, reminding him that there were only a few people who could open the door above, so he waited to see who was coming down.  He saw the boots, stained from dirt and battle, followed by the forms of Marilee and Delgart, faces dirty, both looking stunned.
“Delgart!  Marilee!” Tevvy exclaimed, waving to them.  “Are you all right?  What are you doing here?”
Both stopped, looking down at him.  It took a moment for them to recognize him, then they started down the ramp again, but their faces were blank and hollow.
“What’s happened?” Tevvy asked, voice hushed.
“My squad,” Marilee stammered, “and our company . . . we found scaling ladders in place before us and the sewers filled with purem and ghelem.  Somehow, they got here before us and managed to enter.”  She pushed past Tevvy; Delgart followed mechanically.
Tevvy looked at them for a moment before following.  He saw Marilee stagger toward the room where Rokwolf slept, but when she saw him lying there, sleeping peacefully, she turned and went to the other room, where she fell onto the bed next to Klare, sobbing into the pillow.  Tevvy looked to Delgart who stood watching her.  He lifted one arm feebly, as if he were reaching out to her, then he turned and went to his chair at the head of the table.  He sat down, putting his head into his hands.
“Delgart,” Tevvy said, standing next to him and putting a hand on his arm, “what are you doing here?  I thought you were at Holvar, with the seklesem?”
“I was,” Delgart replied without looking up, “and we came to help the kailum, but when we climbed up to the sewer gate, we found it open, and the sewers filled with purem and ghelem.  They were so intent on entering the city that they never looked behind them.  We were able to climb up the scaling ladders they brought, and enter the sewers after them.  We fought our way forward and took the first bridge, then companies of the Third Legion went right and left; we were with those who came toward our sanctuary.  We started to fight our way forward, when we heard a shout from behind.  We looked up and saw a wave of total blackness coming toward us over the river; we saw purem and ghelem turned to bones when the wave touched them.  So we fled this way, trying to get to our sanctuary before the wave hit us, but just before it reached us, it winked out, taking those squads, including our company captain, who were near the front.  She was a good captain: Marilee served under her when she was a squad leader, when Marilee went out on her first squad assignment.”  His voice trailed off, his head sinking onto the table.
“Where is the rest of your squad?” Tevvy asked.
Delgart’s voice was muffled as he did not raise his head.  “Rellik took them to help the others; some of them must have escaped the wave.”
Tevvy let his hand fall from Delgart’s arm.  Before he could decided whether or not he should wake Rokwolf, he heard a hum and saw a gray shimmering doorway open next to the table near the door; Thal came through, leading the rest of their horses, all strung together in a line, and on the last horse, the kortexi’s warhorse, lay the limp form of Klaybear.  Tevvy stepped forward and pointed.
“Over there, Thal,” Tevvy said, “there is a new room, a stable, where you can lead the horses.”
Blakstar stepped through the archway, lifting his sword and sliding it back into its sheath; the doorway winked out.
“What happened to Klaybear?” Tevvy asked.
Delgart looked up, hearing the name of his brother.
“He used the staff to save the city,” Thal noted dully, “but we cannot determine if he lives, or if he is dead.”

“My lord,” a harsh voice stammered.
“I saw,” Gar replied, and he laughed.  “Well done, chosen!” he spat.  “You’ve done my work for me, and now the kailum of Shigmar have been destroyed!”
“But my lord,” the voice begged, “our losses have crippled us.”
“Yes,” Gar replied, “between those lost by Xythrax to the seklesem, and those lost by Motodu, this victory has been costly, but well worth the price.”  He thought for a minute, and the servant waited nervously.  “We will recoup our losses, much more quickly than our enemies, and our enemies will help us.”  He looked down at his servant.  “Take word to the breeding pits; tell the puram to take the breeders into the world above; have them find the strongest, the smartest, and the most cunning, and force them to copulate with our breeders.  Return them to the breeding pits, and as soon as they spawn, take them back into the world above for more.  We will rebuild our armies, from the kortexi’s offspring, and the offspring of the discredited seklesi, and they will be led by the kortexi’s son.”
“Yes, my lord,” the servant bowed and left.
Gar sat on his throne, elbows resting on the arms of the chair, hands together in front of his face, fingers tapping.  “But you, Motodu, you I no longer trust,” he whispered to himself.  “But then, neither can I trust Xythrax with such power; I must place it somewhere out of their reach, baiting a trap to catch those would-be heroes.”  He laughed again, the cruel sound echoing off the walls around him; the servants in the room cowered.
THE END
of
The Staff of Shigmar
The story continues in
The Morgle Unmasked



Glossary


*Words are listed in their singular form, followed by plural endings, feminine (if applicable) singular and plural endings; -i endings are masculine and -u endings are neuter.  The ‘g’ in ancient is always hard, as in the word ‘go’; it never becomes soft (the ‘j’ sound), regardless of the vowel (‘e’ or ‘i’) that follows; further, the vowel combinations ‘ai’ or ‘ay’ sound like the ‘y’ in ‘sky.’

Races
awemi, -em, -a, -am (ah-WAY-mee, -ehm, -ah, -ahm) sentient creatures created from the elements of earth and air, three to four feet in height, thick soled feet, with thick, curly hair growing on the tops of their feet and backs of their hands.
awi, -em (AH-wee, -ehm) sentient creatures of the realm of air, created from the element of air; this category includes uncorrupted megatrem, metal aperum, ekludem, and all uncorrupted birds.
themi, -em, -a, -am (THAY-mee, -ehm, -ah, -ahm) sentient creatures created from the element of earth, under three feet tall, broad shouldered, large hands that can dig through solid rock as if it were sand; it is believed that this race is in thrall to Gar, if any still exist.
vedi, -em, -a, -am (VAYD-ee; -ehm, -ah, -ahm) sentient creatures created from the elements of water and air, over eight feet tall, thin and lithe, living deep in the forests in the tops of huge trees; this race is ruled by a council of seers and shuns all others.
wedori, -em, -a, -am (way-DOOR-ee, -ehm, -ah, -ahm) sentient creatures created from the element of water, living in the oceans, six to twelve feet in height, hands and feet elongated and webbed, heads are bulbous, large, and gilled, unable to survive outside the water.  Legend says that there are two varieties: those dwelling in the salt-water oceans, and those living in freshwater lakes, called the pludorem; however, none of the latter have ever been found, and the only evidence of their existence is in the pleugle, who are corruptions of this freshwater type.
wethi, -em, -a, -am (WAY-thee, -em, -ah, -ahm) sentient creatures created from elements of earth and water, most numerous of all the races, five to six feet in height, closest to contemporary humans.
Corruptions
*The following races were made by Gar in the beginning, by taking offspring of the previously described races and altering their fundamental natures through the addition of the elements of fire or ice.
aperu, -um (AH-pay-roo, -room) these flying reptiles are not strictly corruptions, since those who were created in the beginning, formed by the addition of precious metals to the element of air, are loyal to the One.  It is believed that Gar, before he and his followers were driven out of the presence of the One, helped to create the original pair of aperum, a male and female based on platinum; at the same time and with the help of Guengle, they created a male blue and a female red, each infused with powerful spirits of frost and fire, respectively.  From the offspring of this latter pair and with the introduction of other elements beyond fire and ice, Gar and Guengle created the colored aperum, all of which are evil (color-element-breath): orange-earth-acid, green-water-steam, yellow-air-poison gas, red-fire-fire, blue-ice-frost; three others are believed to exist, but this is only a legend drawn from the fact that there are three other elements: time, light, and Void--purple, white, and black, respectively; it is possible that these final three are the sources of their respective elements, such that these aperum do not actually exist, but are the symbolic representations of these elements.  Of the metal aperum--copper, iron, silver, gold, and platinum--all have fire breath, many times more powerful than the red, being creations of fire and air with the addition of a metal.
gheli, -em, -a, -am (GHELL-ee, -ehm, -ah, -ahm--the ‘g’ in this word is the hard sound of the word ‘go’) Gar created these small and numerous creatures from themen to which he applied the element of ice, giving their skin a bluish hue; around three feet tall, although there are reports of some as tall as four feet, able dig through stone with the same ease as a fish moves through water, they do all the manual labor and fill the lowest ranks of Gar’s armies.
krugle (KROO-gul) these giant creatures average eighteen feet in height, bearded, wielding huge double-bladed axes, have frosty white skin, and icy, blue blood; none know how Gar created these creatures; it is believed that they were created from the element of ice alone.
megatri, -em (MAY-guh-tree, -ehm) these giant creatures average twenty-four feet in height, hairless, wielding huge black-iron swords and hammers, have ruddy skin, and fiery red blood; like the krugle, it is believed they were created from the element of fire alone; they are accomplished smiths, making all the weapons and armor used by Gar’s armies.
morgle (MOR-gul) these creatures are corruptions of the wedorem through the application of the element of ice; they, unlike the wedorem, can live in or out of the water; they are the most powerful mentalics, increasing in power by consuming the brains of other creatures; they have large, bulbous heads with tentacles covering their mouths used to hold the head of a creature, punch a small hole in the victim’s skull, and consume the victim’s brain and mental power; a touch from their two-fingered hands paralyzes the victim; they are accomplished users of the elements, rivaling the greatest maghem who have ever lived.  A sub-group of the morgle are the pleugle, smaller than the morgle and based on the freshwater version of the wedorem, living in swamps and rivers; the pleugle do not use the elements as the morgle, nor do they consume the minds of sentient creatures.
nekerpu, -um (nay-KAIR-poo, -poom) these are animated corpses, created from the dead bodies of any sentient creature through the application of both elements of fire and ice, raised from their graves and controlled by a purgle; nekerpum consume live flesh, going into a frenzy on the battlefield at their first taste of blood and tearing their enemies apart; the only way to destroy them is to disrupt the purgle who controls them.
ponkolu, -um, -a, -am (pohn-KO-loo, -oom, -ah, -ahm) the most powerful and most feared of all of Gar’s corruptions; it is believed they were created from puri-wethi crossbreeding with additional applications of the elements earth and fire; fanged and horned, around eight feet in height, with bat-like wings that enable them to fly only in the fifth dimension, rumepant; proficient in both mentalics and spellcasting, they have an appetite for wethem, raping any who fall into their hands.
prusai (PROO-sy) legend says that these corruptions of the awemem by the application of ice did not survive; the awemem say that it was because of the strength of their original forebears, who died rather than submit to Gar; whether this belief is true, none now know except for Gar, who is unlikely to confirm this belief, if true.
purgle (PUR-gul) these are black maghem who have sacrificed all to gain immortality by placing their essences into some object then killing their bodies in a ritual that brings them back to life without flesh and blood; they retain all the powers they had in life, with the added ability to raise and control nekerpum.
puri, -em, -a, -am (POO-ree, -ehm, -ah, -ahm) corruptions of wethem by the application of the element, fire; nearly as numerous as the ghelem, horned and fanged, their skin color ranges whitish red of the breeders to a deep, reddish-copper.
wedateri, -em, -a, -am (way-duh-TARE-ee, -ehm, -ah, -ahm) these are corruptions of the vedem through the application of fire, although their blue skin might lead us to believe that ice was used; the two varieties of these creatures--blue and green skin colors, the green inhabiting the Mariskal--discounts this supposition; tall and powerful, they also possess the ability to regenerate quickly, although stories of new wedeterem regenerating from cut-off limbs seem to be exaggerations of fact; it is believed that the green-skinned swamp variety were failures of Gar, abandoned in the Mariskal; experts agree that the green skin of this variety shows Gar’s failure to completely corrupt the original vedem, who were based on water and air.

Orders
kailu, -um (KY-loo, -loom) order of healers founded by Shigmar, divided in the year 73 into the green and red orders when one-third of the kailum dissented over the use of certain powers, the red serving Gar while the green continued loyal to the One; the red have their home across the bay from Belford, where it is believed they perform unholy rites involving sex, sacrifice, and the creation of purgle and raising of nekerpum; some evidence suggests that there is a third division among these orders, called the genewum, or those who protect and serve the natural world, but their numbers are so small, being dissenters of the other two, that they are seen as a sub-group rather than their own order; primary attributes of this order are wisdom and compassion.  The green order is led by a ruling council of five masters from the school, chosen from the Assembly of all green kailum, with the school’s headmaster as the sixth member and leader of the council.
kortexi, -em (kore-TEKS-ee, -ehm) order of fighters founded by Karble, dedicated to following the One and protecting the weak and innocent; this order follows a strict code of conduct, with especially rigid rules involving relations with wetham; primary attributes of this order are strength, stamina, and prowess in battle.  The leader of this order, called the Wesento, is chosen from the most senior and experienced of the order.
maghi, -em (MAHG-ee, -ehm--again, the ‘g’ of ‘go’) order of sorcerers founded by Melbarth, divided in the year 67 into the white and black when one-half of the maghem dissented concerning the raw use of the Void; the black became servants of Gar and made their home in Eklor; rumor has it that the cape upon which their home is located was shattered by the misuse of the raw Void in the year 1134; a third division occurred around the year 700, when many dissented from the black, believing the order had become too much the creature of Gar, giving them little freedom to act; this group formed the gray order, called the methaghem, who wished to be independent; their first home was in Metarb, at the edge of the Thruplar and the Reuthowen; later, when their numbers increased, they expanded to Mestoimo, and island in the Inner Sea, an Methpag on an island in Misty Lake; primary attributes of this order are logic and intellect.  The white order is ruled by a council of ten hierarchs, with a chair and eleventh member, called the sedra.
seklesi, -em, -a, -am (say-KLESS-ee, -ehm, -ah, -ahm) order of soldiers and rangers, founded by Shigmar, Karble, and Melbarth in the year 39, when the three realized that Gar would conquer them one by one if they did not unite all three of their orders into one; this order was created to patrol and protect the land, with six regular legions and one elite legion, who protect the Fereghen and Feragwen; the first three legions, along with the elite legion, remain in Holvar at all times; the last three legions are spread throughout the land on patrol, rotating in and out of Holvar every six weeks; another legion, called the Sea Legion, patrols the waters; a further legion, the Training Legion, are those studying to become seklesem and are housed in Holvar; a Seventh Legion, called the gwenakso and formed of the very best seklesem, can be formed by the Feragwen during times of great difficulties; however, it has been several centuries since this legion was organized, so it has become part of seklesi legend.

Elements
earth colored orange
water colored green
air colored yellow
fire colored red
ice colored blue
time colored purple
light colored white
Void colored black

Money
ayesu, -um (aye-YEH-soo) copper, smallest coin, twenty-five to an argentu, one hundred to a ghelwu.
argentu, -um (ar-GEHN-too) silver, middle-sized coin, four to a ghelwu.
ghelwu, -um (GEL-woo) gold, larger-sized coin, twenty to a platu, at current rates.
platu, -um (PLAH-too) platinum, largest coin, very rare and extremely valuable, few, if any, are in circulation.

Dictionary

ansu (AHN-soo) a spirit, detached from a physical body; some believe an ansu can inhabit a person’s body and control it, but only a kwalu is capable of actual possession; see kwalu, below.
argwiwo (are-GWEE-wo) silvery liquid used by kailum to aid in casting an aura upon a person; also known in other circles as quicksilver.
Avril (AHV-ril) kailu Master of Healing, responsible for running the Infirmary, member of the ruling council of Shigmar; name means ‘white running stream,’ i.e., ‘whitewater rapids.’
Blekan (BLAY-kahn) Klarissa’s father; name means ‘strong singer’
Demansa (day-MAHN-sah) one of a pair of ponkola sisters, favorites of Gar, sister of Rupansa, name means ‘the she-demon’.
ekludi, -em (eh-KLOO-dee) intelligent, power-wielding creature of the elemental realm of air; larger than the horse, with a pair of horns; communicates through mind-speech; this creature never touches the ground but floats through the air.
Elker (EL-kayr) rebel son of the One, see Gar.
Elos (AY-lohs) loyal son of the One through whom He acts.
Feragwen (FAY-rah-gwehn) female leader of the seklesem and joint ruler of all the land, joined to the Fereghren; title means ‘high queen.’
Fereghen (FAY-ray-ghen) male leader of the seklesem and joint ruler of all the land, joined to the Feragwen; title means ‘high king.’
Felorno (fay-LOR-no) minister, herald, and messenger of the Lord of Air
Gar (gahr) Lord of Evil, fallen son of the One, cast with his followers into the underworld for rebellion; formerly named Elker
geuskeldu (gay-oos-KELL-doo) archway/chamber of advancement used by the maghem to test themselves and advance in power and abilities.
Ghelvon (GHEL-vahn) kailu Master of Battle, member of the ruling council of Shigmar; name means ‘to make oneself ready to shine.’
gheusu, -um (GAY-oo-soo) one who is chosen, in this case, by the One; reference to the chosen of the One.
Ghreis Prokarts (grace PROH-karts) kailu Master of Soldiers, chief commander of the soldiers protecting Shigmar, member of the ruling council of Shigmar; name means ‘strength fron annointing.’
Guengle (GWEHN-gul) the name means ‘woman of cold’; she is the ruler of ice who aided Gar in the beginning before they had a falling out with each other; unlike Gar, she was not driven out for rebellion, but she, with her followers, left the presence of the One to rule her own realm; she helped create all the corruptions that include ice.
Gwemo (GWAY-mo) formal greeting, Hail!
Ghwondreu (GWON-dray-oo) vedi name for Gar, name means ‘tree-slayer’; see Gar.
kaiwi (KY-wee) literally, heated, hot air, a thermal, updraft; when used to describe an individual, one filled with hot air, wind bag
kara, -am (KAH-ra) prostitute, whore, female slaves kept by red kailum
karasun (KAH-rah-soon) a curse word that literally means ‘son, or daughter, of a whore.’
Karble (KAR-bul) first and greatest kortexi, founded the order of the kortexem; his name means ‘bold strength’
kelnan-ditistas (KELL-nahn-DEE-tee-stahs) the word means, literally, ‘the room of stopped time’; space created in which time outside of the room can be slowed almost to a stop.
kenu-seklesi (KAY-noo-say-KLEHS-ee) the Intermediate Training Cycle of the seklesem, from ages 12-16, also housed in the center above Holvar in the eastern spur of the Monti-sterlastan.  This group learns weapons & fighting skills, further mental skills, and is organized into patrols & companies to learn these skills along with the patrol structure and responsibilities within; advanced when all skills are mastered in groups at mid-year and year’s end around age 16, moving on to the mari-seklesi for the Final Training Cycle.  Also called the uwonti or ‘younglings’ in the vulgar tongue.
kerono, -em (kay-ROH-no) creature between the ekludi and the horse, with a single horn and very rare; the few still living are watched over by the vedem, deep in the forest; they are considered holy creatures by the vedem, who believe they are fallen ekludem, and considered to be symbols of beauty, colored gold or white.
kerteradi, -em (kare-tare-RAH-dee) name given by the servants of Gar to those of good orders who sell out to Gar; the name carries the sense of ‘traitor’; these converted servants of Gar are not trusted by other servants.
klitodweri, -em (klee-TOHD-way-ree) scout order organized by Tevvy’s father; the name means ‘one who listens at doors’; these are ‘thieves’ who serve the One and the orders of good.
Korowold (KOH-roh-wohld) Warlord of Wothgart, killed in the battle at the Crossing of Reema; his name means ‘ruler of war,’ or ‘warlord.’
kwalu, -um (KWAH-loo) servants of Gar who possess and control the bodies of others.
Leukila (loo-KEE-la) Klarissa’s mother; name means ‘bright one’
magluku (mah-GLOO-koo) a globe of light, powered by the light element.
Malkonik (mal-KOHN-ik) apprentice to Master Gelvonne, name means ‘the ill-hung hinge.’
markorni, -em (mahr-KOR-nee) creature of the realm of Air, winged horses, none have ever been seen outside this realm.
mekala (may-KAH-lah) the greater council of the green kailum, sometimes called the ‘full assembly’, which consists of all kailum who gather to Shigmar to hear and decide on matters that concern the order, e.g., to choose a new headmaster for the school.  A full initiate of the order can only be judged and sentenced by the mekala whereas matters of discipline involving apprentices are judged and sentenced by the ruling council alone.
Melbarth (MEL-barth) founder of the white maghi order, his name means either ‘soft beard’ or ‘strong ax’, none are sure which, although his followers argue for the latter.
methaghi, -em (meh-THAH-gee) the gray sorcerers; those who refuse to choose good or evil, but instead prefer an equal balance between the two cosmic forces.
montista (mohn-TEE-stah) stone of power into which the Wesento, leader of the kortexem, looks to see the future of the initiate before he leaves to ascend the Mountain of Vision.
Monti-stethreu (MOHN-ti-STEH-thray-oo) range of mountains running east-west through the north, translated as ‘Mountains of the Fallen Star.’
Morokolu (moh-ROH-koh-loo) at the center of the Mariskal, home of the morgle, Motodu; an ancient, sunken fortress; name means ‘great dome.’
morosku, -um (moh-ROH-skoo) giant creature of the realm of Air, sometimes called giant of the cloud, standing around eighteen feet in height; related to the krugle and megatrem.
Motodu (moh-TOH-doo) powerful morgle inhabiting Morokolu who steals, with the aid of Gar, the Rod of Melbarth; name means ‘mind eater.’
Myron (MY-rohn) Headmaster of the kailu school, Master of the Arcane Arts, leader of the ruling council of Shigmar; name means ‘the eagle of timely news.’
Nefli (NEH-flee) leader of the vedem; name means ‘cloud.’
Neflo (NEH-flo) son of Nefli, one of the vedem who leads a company of his people to rescue the chosen and exhorts them not to use Shigmar’s staff; name means ‘mist.’
Nefora (nay-FO-rah) Lady of the elemental realm of Air, wife of Wehtkuro; she is one of the moroskum; name means ‘cloud lady.’
negumflu, -um (nay-GOOM-floo) reptiles believed to be the ancient ancestors of the aperum, inhabiting the waters of the Mariskal; similar to but larger and more vicious than our alligator.
Nekerp (NEH-kerp) ‘Death Harvester’ Lord of the Dead who takes spirits from life into the land of the dead; to become a purgle, the maghi or kailu sacrifices his or her life essence to this demigod, for it is through his authority and power that the purgle raises corpses to become nekerpum.
Neuwenty (new-WEHN-tee) Messenger of Wothgart; his name means ‘the shouted message’ or ‘the shouting messenger.’
The One supreme deity, ruler of the universe and father of all
Orkegan (or-KAY-gahn) evil lord of the air and servant of Gar who claims to rule this elemental realm.
orthek, -s (OHR-thehk) the act of working or weaving elemental forces into a single focus or action using a word or phrase from ancient; for example, when a kailu or maghi produces a light using the word magluku as the focus point of the elemental forces, in this case, light, to provide illumination, and time, to keep it operating through time.
Paaki (pay-AH-kee) leader of the ekludi guarding the Mountain of Vision; name means ‘sharp protector.’
Platta (PLAH-tah) name of the female, platinum aperu, killed shortly after the world was made.
Platti (PLAH-tee) name of the male platinum aperu, who sits on the tower above the gate to Wethkuro’s palace in the realm of Air, keening a lament to his lost mate every hour.
potiethro, -em (poh-TEETH-ro) giant creature of the realm of Air, rules the realm, sometimes called giant of the storm; stands around twenty-four feet in height, although rumor has it that Wethkuro is thirty-two feet tall; related to the krugle and megatrem; it may be that the megatrem are corruptions of the potiethrem, but this supposition cannot be confirmed or denied.
potuka (poh-TOO-kah) curse reserved for females who are too free with their ‘favors,’ it means, literally, ‘she with the open thighs,’ i.e., ‘slut.’
Rebeth (RAY-behth) Klaybear’s friend and fellow apprentice, intended of Sutugno; name means ‘to trust again.’
rumepant (ROO-may-pahnt) the dimension beyond space and time through which those who travel from one place to another by teleportation; all places within this realm are an equal distance apart, roughly one hour of time.
Rupansa (roo-PAHN-sah) one of a pair of ponkola sisters, favorites of Gar; sister of Demansa, name means ‘the ripping demon.’
sedra (SEH-drah) leader of the council of Melbarth, name means, simply, ‘chair.’
Shigmar (SHIG-mar) founder and first leader of the order of kailum; his name means ‘fashioner of writing,’ which is a ‘scribe’
Skerapi (skay-RAH-pee) Chief Kailu and minister of Wothgart; his name means ‘to turn away.’
skrufoti (skroo-FOH-tee) shrub native to the Wolpoti Swamp with bright red berries that are used to make a poison; name means ‘poison shrub.’
Storga Keney (STOHR-gah KAY-nee) kailu Mistress of Novices, responsible for the female novices, wife of Wegex Deruney, member of the ruling council of Shigmar; name means ‘hard youth.’
Sutugno (suh-TUHG-no) Klare’s best friend and green kailu apprentice; name means ‘full friend.’
teka (TAY-kah) the art of working with or weaving elemental forces as practiced by the orders of kailum and maghem.
tekson (TEHX-sohn) one who works with or weaves elemental forces, i.e., a kailu or maghi.
tengle (TEHN-gul) frostbox, small, elementally enhanced cabinet used to keep food cold, using both ice and time elements.
texarti, -em(rare) (teks-AR-tee) web of power that surrounds the victim and allows the maghi to torment and control the victim, powered by air, water, and fire elements.
uwonti, em (oo-WAHN-tee) another name for the training legions of the seklesem, see kenu-seklesi.
verghrenum (vair-GREN-oom) literally, ‘hider of thoughts & protector of mind’; bracers, bracelets worn by the chosen to protect their minds from tampering by Gar; allows them to contact and find each other; created by Melbarth.
vukeetu (voo-KEE-too) globe of elemental forces that gives the maghi a glimpse into his or her own future.
Wegex Deruney (WAY-ghehx day-ROO-nee) kailu Master of Novices, responsible for the male novices, husband of Storga Keney, member of the ruling council of Shigmar; name means ‘lively and steadfast tree.’
wepanu, -um (way-PAH-noo) an evil spirit escaped from the underworld to haunt the land of the living, or so it is believed.
Wesento (wee-SEHN-to) title/name of the leader and master of the kortexem, chosen from the oldest and most experienced of the order by a vote of the senior kortexem; he serves until his death.
Wethkuro (wayth-KOO-ro) Lord of the elemental realm of Air, one of the potiethro, husband to Nefora.
Wothgart (WOHTH-gart) Fereghen and spouse to Feltha, killed in the battle at the Crossing of Reema; his name means ‘to govern with strength’ or ‘strong rule.’

Fokortheku: Book of Ortheks

*To pronounce the following words from ancient: all consonants and vowels are spoken; the vowels sound like the vowels of a European language, other than English:
‘a’ like ‘father’
‘e’ like ‘pay’
‘i’ like ‘sea’
‘o’ like ‘go’
‘u’ like ‘glue’
The accent on the word is on the second to last syllable in two syllable words, third to the last syllable in words with three or more syllables.
aneksaro the ‘death speech,’ used to communicate with the recently dead; requires six kailu masters, causes recently dead corpses to answer short questions; can go terribly wrong, as a powerful person can rise as a purgle; orthek is activated by the word, mortiswera; uses time and Void.
apweryo simple orthek to open doors and locks sealed using ortheks; uses air.
aterskoit creates a shield of flame, protecting against ice, uses fire and time.
el-ghende-gwehram-sisogheto-kastho-shaurore-aiwamdwo incantation used to activate the destructive power of breath-giver causing an expanding circle--wave--that takes the life force from all it touches, uses light and Void.
entos word of power used to pass instantly between two telepads exclusively connected to each other without entering rumepant.
esuleuki-donu-bagso ties the aura against evil to the kortexi receiving it, enabling it to increase in power as the kortexi increases in experience; adds element of time.
ghesorsista stopping or intervening hand; creates a large hand-shaped wall of force that prevents enemies from approaching the maghi from the direction toward which the rod is pointed; uses air and Void.
gheusmelth creates a gentle gust of wind that moves in the direction indicated by the maghi, uses air and light.
ghwergheusum causes a blast of hurricane force wind; powered by air and Void.
kelnes-stelni causes a dome of protection, obscuring those within from prying eyes and listening ears to keep conversations private; powered by light, time, and Void.
kresko causes the rod of the maghi to grow, or increase length; can be used on other objects; powered by water and earth.
kreyakwa creates a stream of pure water that flows from the head of the kailu’s staff, uses water.
kweklo-kenawet-patno creates an expanding circle of fresh air around the kailu, uses air and water.
kweklo-plakaskoit variation of the stone shield: creates a dome of stone that surrounds and covers the kailu, uses earth and fire.
kweklopur-patno creates a fireball that expands, uses fire and air.
kwyeskoit creates a shield/dome of silence around the spellcaster in order to keep conversations private, uses air and earth.
neki word used to cancel an active orthek, literally meaning, ‘not it’; instantly stops the flow of elemental forces.
nemfa-ditistas causes, in this case, a field that virtually stops the flow of time; powered by time and Void.
nemfagelu aura of cold to protect against heat, requires a drop of argwiwo, uses ice, air, and Void.
nemfa-ghelwo-kontra-duswektem special aura given to kortexem after ascending the Mountain of Vision; creates an aura that repels evil; powered by light and air.
nemfagwheri aura of heat to protect against cold, uses fire and air.
patorake protective shield against the acid breath of an orange aperu, uses water and Void.
pedamoro-port causes the person to make a great leap forward
	    -re escape orthek that enables the maghi to make great leap backward, uses air, time, and Void.
perepod-(person) elemental device created by Hierarch Kalamar and Headmaster Myron to signal one another over long distances in seconds; the command word used is remelek; powered by time, light, and Void.
plakaskoit creates a shield of stone, uses earth and water.
pleudkweklo creates a floating disc beneath the maghi’s feet, lifting the maghi to hover about two feet off the ground; uses air and light.
pleugikel creates an arrow of ice that shoots at the target pointed at with the maghi’s rod (add wedro before, becomes a storm of ice arrows), uses ice and water (and air for the storm).
pleugipur creates an arrow of fire that shoots at the target pointed at with the maghi’s rod (add wedro before, becomes storm of fire arrows), uses fire and Void (and air for the storm).
pleugistoi creates an arrow of stone that shoots at the target pointed at with the maghi’s rod (add wedro before, becomes storm of stone arrows); uses earth and fire ( and air for the storm)
plotugel causes a stream of water that freezes, uses water and ice.
plotoskoit creates a shield of flowing water, uses water and time.
podstolon causes a root or branch on the ground to rise up suddenly and trip an opponent; powered by earth and water.
potopator gwherpuri potion of heat protection.
remoryet word of power that sends a single corpse, attempting to rise as a purgle, back to the afterlife; uses time and light.
reu-komhilu-demaghu-gleubespi a kailu orthek to enchant an object of power giving it disruptive (to purgle and nekerpum) powers, in this case, the object enchanted is the maghi storm of ice arrows, uses light, time, and water.
rumandu word of command that will move things or open doors from a distance; powered by the element of air.
stalna-kailigater causes a pillar of green fire to descend, uses water and light.
steighud-me levitation orthek, in this case meaning, “lift me”; powered by air.
	-ko “lift him or her”
	-nes “lift us”
	-todhilum “lift that thing/object”
strelo-sporna-okwum causes a bolt of lightning which, in this case, strikes the eyes of the enemy, uses air and fire.
supno causes the person or persons targeted to fall into a deep sleep, not waking until the orthek is canceled; powered by water and air.
texarti web of power used to control the physical actions and torture the person controlled; powered by fire and Void.
verame-torekwe-rumepant-ad(location or name of telepad) teleportation spell--‘carry me through rumepant to (place); teleportation takes one hour of travel through rumepant; powered by time, light, and Void; substitute the following endings depending on how many are teleporting:
	-me ‘carry me’
	-ko ‘carry him or her’
	-nes ‘carry us’
	-taint ‘carry them’
vukeetu globe that gives maghem a glimpse of their futures; powered by the elements of time, light, and Void.
wedro-pleugikel creates a storm of ice arrows (can substitute any type of magical arrow), uses ice, water, and air.






Earth Arch from Shigmar’s Tomb

















World Map: West
For current information about the author, his works, and future publications, go to his website at http://clydebnorthrup.webs.com/ or on Facebook at http://www.facebook.com/clydebnorthrup  Like him and share his page and works with your friends!1
