Staff
When darkness reigns, Prequel book 1

By Robin N Greenwood

Copyright 2021 Robin N Greenwood
Smashwords edition


This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, organisations, places, and incidents are either products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, organisations, places, and incidents are either products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.

Cover Design: SelfPubBookCovers.com/Fantasyart


Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Epilogue
About Robin N Greenwood


For my parents

Chapter 1
Five hundred years in the past.

It began, not with a birth but with a death. The serrated blade with a tip gently curved and a blade lined with delicate circling engravings rose, the light glinting off pale green steel as if it hungered for the blood it would soon taste.
The knife arced down, a shout of triumph echoing from many throats as it sliced through skin, flesh and organs, when the knife raised again more than a little blood tainted it and slid along each tiny serration, droplets rolling down along the blade before they finally broke free under gravity’s spell.
At the end of the dagger’s hilt, a small gem started to glow as it collected up the soul and memories of the sacrificed princess.
The silence that hung over the entrance chamber to what had been up until very recently her families’ palace could have been broken with a stray breath or a single word, but the gathered warriors and mages remained spellbound, focused so intently on the dagger that it would take more than mere sounds to break the spell.
Ryak smiled, rubbing one hand over his shaved scalp and grinning as the light within the dagger’s hilt gem brightened until it burned bright and clear. Soon the soul would be ready and the crystalline lattice would reinforce her essence. That smile turned into a sneer as he looked up, surveying the faces of hundreds of men whom would soon be raping this palace of everything beautiful within it, like unworthy chattels grasping at pearls men with no understanding claiming artworks that were beyond them, even now furniture had been cleared into piles and it would not take long before someone had the ‘idea’ of setting the wood aflame.
They were barbarians, savages clawing at the remains of a society beyond their meagre understanding, a society they had only defeated through the strengths of numbers and with more than a little contribution from their betters. How little they knew and how little they mattered. Soon in fact they would realise just how foolish they had been, a shiver ran down his spine at the thought of what was to come after all betrayal is best served at that moment of triumph. It had been a simple matter to gain the trust of their king, simpler to then arrange that the princess be taken alive and to lure a Ssaved here with the promise of such an artefact, both humans and Ssaved had such greed that the glimmering promise of treasure blotted out common sense and blinded them to his real intentions. They would spend a happy time but then he had little doubt he would have to eliminate them all when he no longer needed them and the time for which he needed them was on a dwindling and scant supply.
At the signal given his animus slave, a beautiful woman whom had once been intent on his death and now in hers knew nothing but service, brought the staff forward. At first the staff might not have gained much attention, topping the height of a man with the silverish form of a small and winged skull and wyrms flanking the top, if it had gained notice it might be to mention the lack of taste of the designer. The whole had been made from a delicate silvery, almost white metal, normally it would be too fragile at substance to make a weapon but none of those around him knew or would ever understand that soon it would be one of the most powerful weapons in the world and to him it would mean one thing and one thing alone, unending life.
A shadow fell over him, blotting out the light and breaking his reverie, he had arrived. 
Sanrissa Kallarran would always get noticed when he went somewhere, towering over twenty feet in height and typical in manner and arrogance for a dragon, or Ssaved as they called themselves, though Ryak knew that Sanrissa had always been small for one of their kind. He had in fact used that fact. Sanrissa exhaled letting out twin jets of flame, his slitted eyes glittering coldly as he ran them over the scene, he liked to play the dragon among monkeys since Sanrissa had always been too small and impoverished to bully other Ssaved. Their feudalistic society was based on conflict and Ryak had often wondered just how that made any form of family gathering an excuse for another fight or awakening an old fight, just like humans.
“I see you have started,” the voice of the dragon contained that bearing of someone whom would never be disregarded. His voice rumbling the stones and rids. Like many dragons Sanrissa could be called arrogant, though arrogant might not be large enough of a word for a race that considered the gods as annoying children.
“I have milord dragon. We are ready for your wisdom and power.” Ryak said, bowing from the waist as he did so. Dealing with a Ssaved always involved the same tactics, obsequious compliments and expressions of humility cut more ice with them than virtually any other strategy.
Sanrissa nodded, sneering slightly in a manner at the troops around them in a manner that put Ryak’s previous effort to shame. “Do we need the audience of monkeys around us mage? I am eager to form this artefact and imprint it, then you will get your gold.”
Ryak bowed again rather rapidly to hide his smile, he doubted that Sanrissa could read his expression but he did not want to take the chance. “All we need now is your song and to begin the ritual my lord, then we can forge the staff and you will have it.”
Sanrissa coldly regarded him for perhaps a second or so longer than Ryak found comfortable and for a moment he wondered if the dragon had worked out what he intended or had intended to betray him just as Ryak had his own betrayal in mind. Normally, such a realisation of betrayal would have followed with a wall of flame followed by a longer existence as an outline of ash, incandescent death failed to occur. Catching his breath Ryak began his part, signalling to his assistants.
Now Ryak began the ritual, chanting ancient words that existed only as a means of gathering his mental energies while he laid the staff upon the corpse of the princess. As he did so, the dragon began the third and most potent form of magic, the sort only wielded by a Ssaved, he raised his head and with three overlapping notes at once he began a dragonsong.
A spell could make short term changes, bathing an area in flames or other energies, spell magic might be the quickest but it also formed the most transient form of sorcery. The ritual could imbue power into an item or person, making long term changes that could turn the person into an animus slave or change the material of an item to have a specific effect but the greatest power, the power to change the universe could only be found in dragonsong where the laws of matter and energy themselves were but clay to be shaped.
As Ryak’s assistants fell into a simple mantra that allowed them to guide the magic needed, their efforts would accomplish the simplest form of what the staff needed. The memories and soul of the princess flowed from the dagger, pouring into the staff under their guidance and binding the soul into the angel figure.
Ryak had his own task, his ritual creating a channel, opening a portal into the heart of the staff’s function and creating a conduit. No person could ever carry the amount of energy that would come from the song, not without that magical fury tearing them apart but soon a human would be able to wield the power that had beforehand only been available to a dragon.
When the power came, it burned, the energies flowed forth, summoned by Sanrissa’s song and arriving with such fury and incalculable magnitude that Ryak feared for a moment that his sanity and the ritual would be lost, snapped like a broken twig. The first seconds nearly shattered him, as it seemed a river of immense depth roared through him. 
A few moments later the world snapped back into being and it took several moments of remaining steady for the ringing to fade from his ears. Blood trickled slowly from his left nostril and the eye from the same side. It would have been tempting at that moment to collapse, to let the exhaustion rule but he could not, not just yet. Sleep might have beckoned with tempting call but he had not yet the time to let it reign.
“Are we done?” Sanrissa’s voice boomed and Ryak had to shake his head slightly both in denial and to clear it.
“Not yet, but nearly there,” but even as he spoke he sensed Sanrissa’s mind reaching out towards the staff, too soon.
“I will imprint…” snarled the dragon before his eyes focussed suddenly on the glowing item of power and his breath hissed in through cavernous nostrils.
Normally people would notice a sharp inhalation as the start of anger, but with a dragon inhalation came usually just before they let forth jets of flame.
The dragon had noticed that the power within the staff had been bonded fully to the princess’s soul, a soul that would be an obstacle if he tried to imprint on it rather than the conduit he had expected and that power could be wielded rather than the staff merely being a store house just like any dragon’s artefacts of power. While the princess’s soul was in place, imprinting was impossible.
The blackness of fatigue closed in on the peripheries of Ryak’s vision, but he knew now that his lifetime could be measured in a handful of seconds. If he slumped to the ground he would never awaken and a cold and detached part of him wondered if he would even make to the ground.
If looks could kill he would have already been a greasy smear and for a moment it looked as if time slowed down as he reached down to grasp the staff and raised it. He knew that Sanrissa would be weakened for several hours after using the dragonsong, he would only get this opportunity now.
“Sanrissa, I bid you begone. Now the power of dragonsong, the power of your kind will be wielded by a human for humans, this staff signals the doom of your kind.” 
The dragon narrowed his eyes and the line of ridges along the crest of his head raised in anger. “You fool, no mortal can carry so much energy. The wielder will be burned from within and it will consume them the moment they attempt to wield it.”
“The princess will carry most of the burden and be fortified, you see a human can carry the song as long as the right mix of human and elf blood is involved and burning, the right flame can be survived if it is slow enough.” Ryak replied, propping himself up against the altar with the staff still raised towards the dragon. Around them the warriors and other mages seemed to be snapped from the spell that held them. The situation had deteriorated so rapidly that Ryak knew now he had the one option, he glanced the way of his slave and activated her recall. A moment later she vanished from sight, replacing her and training a new slave would have been inconvenient.
That done he looked back the way of the dragon and smiled a cruel little smile before he struck the staff down onto the altar and released a portion of what lay within.
Though the fury he released did not touch him, white wings of pure flame roared out from him along with an explosion of force. Where the force touched flesh, it burned it to white ash with such fury that the ash streamed away from bones. Cloth blackened and burst into flame and the fine marble tiles that had once burnished the floor melted as they were torn out and flung outwards in an expanding aura of destruction. 
Armour and weapons melted and stone shattered but those effects were but the corona, the side of the effect, which had been focused on Sanrissa. Normally using magic against a dragon would have little effect and Sanrissa snarled just before the wall of destruction hit him.
The snarl would be the last thing he would ever do, scales and flesh ripped away from bone before turning to ash. The dragon tried to scream, but soon there would be nothing to scream with. With the last of his power before it and he were consumed he made one change to the staff, a little tiny gesture of vengeance and then he died.
The walls of the palace burst outwards, carried away by the power of the staff, molten and shattered segments of the palace would land several miles away while where the palace stood there would be a shallow, smoking crater. In a few heartbeats Ryak had incinerated an army, a dragon and a palace and he knew that he had only tapped a tiny portion of what this artefact could do.  The soldiers and their prisoners had been little more than a distraction, an annoyance he had brushed away.
Slowly he brought the staff so that coldly glittering eyes of the skull stood at his eye level and grinned, now he would never need an army again, he would be as the gods and unstoppable by anything man could raise against him. The dragons would sink to their bellies before him, all this he knew, for he had been the first since Draxxon herself to ever wield the power of dragonsong and be able to mould the world like clay to his will.
“Now, staff…make me eternal and undying.”

Chapter 2
It might have been a time of war, though in a land of tiny kingdoms and little lords who coveted their neighbour’s lands, there were plenty of times of war. In fact, it would have been easier to say ‘it was another time of war’, like so many Kings or self-declared Emperors before him Kelthan DaThoul needed little provocation to start another war and revenge might be best served cold, but Kelthan liked it with many, many courses.
It might even have been a time of heroes and daring deeds, the kind of deeds that would have bards to sing about them for centuries to come with those deeds becoming more impressive, profound and unbelievable with each passing generation. But what are good deeds when they are done in the name of fallacy, what good are heroics when the regime behind them is decayed and rotten to the core.
All Francis had experienced was the dirt and no matter what kind of war happened to occupy the lords and knights the people always had to till the fields and hack a living out of the soil’s cold and hard embrace. Unless of course they were called off into the time of wars and most of them did not find heroic deeds. Many of them found the soil a welcoming if chilly place, Kathleen had always said that they had returned to the arms of the goddess and like many states fighting wars of aggression, the rulers spoke of the dead being heroic as if death was the best way to serve their country.
Odd but true, but much of human effort during these times involved neglecting the soil while expending massive effort in trying to put their enemies and often their own troops into it.
There would never be a time of the dirt, since dirt was always there. No songs would ever be sung about the dirt, nor the people that worked it. People that pay no attention to just where their food has come from would consider their life too dull for such things.
Francis had grown up squeezing crops from the hard surface year after year, making little money for himself but always providing those that did with what they needed. There were people whom made thousands of gold each year for the likes of Draxxon and El Cor, making weapons and slaves but most of all making vast amounts of money, Francis worked hard to feed some of them and made almost nothing.
Stories are a strange thing really, a tradition hearkening back to the first speech and used to often teach by example. Many have been the stories told about kings, queens and great people doing things, which changed the world.
This story begins with dirt
The dirt that this story begins over is under the ownership of The Emperor Kelthan DaThoul, the king of a country called Atiria who called himself emperor while sending many, many young people to forge that empire in blood, steel and more blood. There really was not much that could be said about Atiria, it produced some cheeses found interesting by people willing to spend enough on getting the good ones and it developed a new and interesting sort of wheel, but that had been a long time ago. 
The wars had dragged on for years and while at first some people considered the war to be a great adventure that enthusiasm had waned over time just as the population did. It was considered treasonous to comment on there being a correlation.
Not surprisingly, the people on the frontline getting shot at with bolters or finding themselves fall victim to the magical fire from one of the military manipulators of magical energies did not agree, not on the adventure part. Instead they were said to experience long periods of boredom intermingled with short periods of utter terror followed by much longer and much quieter period.
However, no matter how many warriors, how many knights with their gleaming cohorts and wise and strange wizards there were there is always someone out there that must do the basic work, the work that pulls the food out of the ground and Francis had always been one such person, or so he believed.

The cold mist clung to the ground, gossamer fingers of chill whiteness probing soil and skin alike while Francis hacked at the ground with a hoe that was more rust than blade and with a handle that presented one big opportunity for splinters.
Francis had grown up on the farm and thanks to the work he had grown out at the shoulders as well, his muscles, impressive for one within days of eighteen years old were already starting to bulge and his height had shot up so much that he now wore some of his father’s old clothing. Old clothing that had required rather a lot of repair before it would even hold together and now let in more cold than it kept out but still when farm work is involved exertion tends to help keep out the cold. Once Francis had belonged to a family, though poor they had been hard working and devoted to serving their lord.
When he had been growing up the time between play had always been spent dreaming of the great deeds he would one day do, the works he would bring to the world and the enemies he would crush in the name of the empire. Like every boy in a world that have only basic work in their future Francis had dreamed of being a heroic knight. Dreams though have a habit of not being able to exist in the harsh light of day and that wish had withered and died long ago.
Since then, his aunt had departed, taken by plague and his uncle had gone the way of all men within the kingdom, to a war he never returned from. The family, happy as it had been had become nothing more than him. The last few years had been somewhat grim, the once prosperous village of Knep’s end fading into a shadow of what it used to be with people dying, first of disease, then of poorness of diet and finally of rebellion, or at least the steel and fire poisoning that came of rebellion. 
With a sharp plink, the corner of the hoe broke within the soil’s embrace and Francis cursed softly to Evandra, the earth goddess as the hoe once more bounced off the dirt, had it been any other of the pantheon he might have had to do the small penitence. To Evandra’s eyes people that worked the soil had a special place, the goddess of earth just did not have a special place in a pantheon overloaded with gods of the art of war and the killing of war.
Out of the corner of his eye he saw a movement, someone coming up upon him. A trained warrior would have reached for his sword or dropped into a stance ready to avoid whomever it might be. Instead Francis dipped his head and touched his forelock right up to the point where he identified the person he was facing as a shapely young woman in russets and greens wearing a practical dress that concealed enough to be decent and outlined enough to be interesting. 
Kathleen smirked at him as he looked up at her and that smirk soon had a twin on his lips.
Francis had always thought of Kathleen as beautiful. Her bronze complexion told of too much time in the sun and set off the woman’s long and curly red hair and though her heritage had been pure human her features had the slight suggestion of elfin and exotic with almond shaped eyes and full lips. Like most priestesses of Evandra, she dressed simply and in practical clothes lacking in the usual finery of the clergy and instead aiming for a look that nicely clung to the curves of her body and there were some good curves to cling to and to Francis’s young eye they all seemed to be in the right places. They had known each other for as long as Francis could remember and though Kathleen preceded him in age by a year they had spent a long time together.
She spoke first, her voice clear and strongly accented. “Hello farm boy, I doubt you’re going to grow much in this. Unless you know something, I don’t when it comes to the weather.”
“I don’t have much choice. The landmaster’s going to be expecting us to grow crops and I’m coming up to shaving.” He raised his broad shoulders in a shrug and looked around him as he spoke before looking back at Kathleen, she always did look better than a field empty of promise. Though at the mention of the lord he took the time to touch his forehead just once more in the honorific reinforced many times during his youth.
That reminder of the time wiped the smiles of both of their faces.
Shaving, a strange local practice involved young boys reaching eighteen summers getting their heads shaved as a sign of their nascent manhood. Women went through a different process, one that Francis had never really wanted to ask about but usually involved lots of giggling and roving packs of girls that found everything funny and spoke in huddled groups while glancing the way of the boys in a calculated way that made most of them regret even existing in the same town as them while not really understanding why.
“I wish the damned landmaster would let us be, there are times I just want to punch the fat toad.” Francis snarled, trying to blot out memory with rage.
“Revenge is a flame Francis, it burns away everything good about a person and leaves nothing but a shell. Sooner or later a man seeking vengeance ceases to be a man.” Kathleen replied, but even the warmth of her words did not wipe away the truth.
The important thing with shaving is that it also marked when a boy could be admitted to the army and being admitted to the army normally meant vanishing off somewhere. The army always needed to find new blood just in time for it to be spilt and favoured people with courage or guts and took every opportunity for those guts to be explored at length by some other country’s new lines of weapons.
Atiria had elevated dying for one’s country to a national occupation and recruited forcefully for new exponents or as her many enemies called them, targets.
The very thought caused Francis’s stomach to tighten into a knot possibly in anticipation for a steely intrusion, at night his dreams had been plagued with the nightmare fears of someone whom had never been into battle and could almost see into the future, unfortunately most of that future seemed to involve sharp and pointy things and not being all that long.
“You’ll be fine you’re one of Evandra’s chosen.” Kathleen said, pausing a moment and breaking the integrity of the lie of confidence she had tried to put into her voice.
They both shared an uncomfortable silence. 
“Well, I’m sure winter will break in plenty of time,” said Kathleen, smiling again. She liked to smile and Francis liked to see her smile too.
Francis nodded, Kathleen could be relied on to be accurate when it came to that kind of thing after all she had a good source.
“We need to get the fields ploughed and the seed in soon and the damned soil is too cold. No damned seed will grow in this.” He grumbled, as if he had to explain the workings of farming to her while glad that Evandra could be called earthy in more ways than one.
“Don’t worry Francis, I’m sure that you’ll have the time. The goddess will not let you starve. I’m sure it’ll warm up soon.”
“I just hope I have enough time as a man to do all this. I don’t know if I’m going to be able.” He spoke the words that had been gnawing at him for weeks now and glanced up at her.
“A man isn’t just judged by his strength Francis, but he has to be judged by his compassion and his deeds.”
Compassion, there would be precious little of that in the military but instead it would be a world where people shouted at him until he died. He nodded at her words and took another determined stab at the soil as if it could be slain with the hoe and then give up what wealth it hid.
It did.
A little sound, so tiny that it would have been easily missed if they had been speaking reached his ears.
‘Tink’ The sound tailed off as Francis pulled the hoe back to inspect the blade with a frown.  As he pulled the blade out of the soil, the rusty blade was steaming and lit with a dull cherry red glow.
 “What’s that?” Kathleen asked, stepping forward even as Francis scrutinised the tip of his hoe.
 “It’s a hoe, a broken…melted hoe.” He replied in shock.  Though looking at the hoe caused his surprise to deepen for not only had the blade split down the middle but one section of it had melted, as he watched half of the blade sloughed away and spattered to the ground with a disapproving hiss of molten metal encountering frozen moisture.  
Waves of heat rolled from the former gardening implement, suddenly making Francis feel hot and stuffy within his tattered clothing while steam billowed from the melting metal.
He looked up at Kathleen, her wide-eyed stare matching his own before both sets of eyes revolved slowly back to the hole. Anything unnatural within the empire had always been treated with suspicion but then strange signs of magic did not tend to happen in the lifetime of a farm boy. The rich, the powerful, had always used magic as had Atiria, most often the magic sold by Draxxon would be used to put more people into the dirt.
The newly dug hole looked innocuous, just like holes in the ground they had seen for many years.
They both took a step back, Francis dropping the remnants of the hoe even as the tip of the wooden handle had started to smoulder under the heat of the blade.
“What happened?” Kathleen whispered, glancing his way before staring back at the hole as if she did not trust it enough to take her eyes off it.
“How should I know, but the last thing we were talking about was the soil being too cold.” Francis hissed back before wondering just why they were whispering.
He took a step toward the hole, slowly and carefully as if expecting it to do something unexpected and unpleasant. Most farm boys would have had the good sense to turn around and flee into the town to find an elder or someone to explain what had happened to. Alas, Francis had a little more courage than many farm boys so instead he stood and stared.
 The hole did nothing new, no heat blossomed from it and no steam poured from the soil. In fact, it looked as if nothing had occurred.
Francis edged forward, ready to leap back at the slightest hint of something occurring.
Nothing did occur, even when he slowly leant down and slid one hand into the hole in the soil.
“Are you sure you want to do that. Whatever happened just turned your excuse for a hoe into a puddle?” Kathleen urged, stepping forward despite her obvious wariness.
“I don’t know, could you find me a priestess in case it injures me.” He replied, flashing her a nervous smile while flexing his hands within the gauntlets designed to keep out the cold rather than searing heat.
No fire came to claim his fingers, instead he wound them around something that did not feel heated
What he pulled out looked surprisingly large, coloured an off white and large enough to be larger than his hand one edge looked blunt and rounded the other surface struck him as brutally sharp, so sharp that burning his hand might not have been the only risk. A little rubbing with his thumb wiped away cold soil to reveal three horizontal lines and it took several minutes of staring for Francis to realise it looked like a fragment of a silver and serpentine head but the leading edge connected with the form of some kind of small steel snake, a snake that even now gave him the impression it was studying him without so much as moving.
“What is it?” Kathleen asked the obvious question and he looked up at her before holding the small object up between thumb and forefinger for inspection.
Kathleen gracefully stepped forward and reached towards the object but the moment she reached out Francis started slightly as a vibration and strange, feral glow glittered sharply across its surface. Kathleen did the wise thing and her hand recoiled.
He also pulled the object away, not out of any sense of ownership but more out of concern. “I don’t think it likes you.” 
“Odd, very odd indeed. I will ask the goddess for guidance once we have got something to eat.” She replied, frowning at the object as if suspicious of its motives.
As if an object could even have motives.
That look, with her stood with her head canted prettily to one side and her delicately lipping full lips in a show of nerves choked off any words he could find. For a moment, just a moment Francis considered asking her then and there to begin the courtship rites. He would soon be of age and he knew for a fact that they were the best of friends. As he had practices so many times his mouth opened and he wanted to articulate the words, to allow him human warmth before they shipped him off to fight.
But then two things stopped him, one paralysed his throat when he looked over at her and realised that she was too good for him, she would be able to take any young man she wanted and more importantly, what if she said yes. If she agreed then he would be shipped off to war and like most people of a land being bled dry by war he would not return. Even if she agreed she would be one more widow in a land full of them.
While he stood there and gawped she smiled at him, a smile that sent a shiver down his spine in a nice way. “You alright, you look as if your thoughts went for a wander.”
He knew at that moment that the wanderings of his thoughts were on streets they had best not travel and some streets are purely one way. 
Part of him, a small part did entertain dreams and in those dreams, he went off to war and came back a full knight with lands of his own and shining mythrilite armour but whenever he dreamed realism did the rude thing and reminded him of what happened to most people and how many families had gotten those black envelopes telling them that another son or husband would never return. Instead of beautiful blue tinted armour he knew his fate had more chance of returning in a nice pyrewood box.
At least that way he would be able to prove to the fat nobles of this land just how worthy their people were. The nobles that ate and were served but did so little to help the people around them, they had the duty, the obligation and yet they sailed around on great ships and surrounded by slaves.
Too dispirited to share his dreads, or his dreams, he turned and trudged towards the town, not even looking back to see if she would follow.
“Where have you been this last few days?” He asked as she came level with him, he tried not to sound petulant at her absence and almost succeeded.
“I had to spend some time around Silven like a good little frat.” She replied; the reply came out guarded even as the word caused more than a shiver down his spine. She had pronounced the word ‘frat’ a certain way, with the emphasis on the rat word which made it sound more like an f-rat. 
For a moment, distant memories from his childhood beckoned, glittering through the fog of repression like lethal and bladed shapes have been glimpsed in a near darkness and made more horrifying for their brief terrible symmetry and incompleteness. A brief expression that might appear like pain flickered across his open and clear features as if a sudden muscle twinge had gone up his spine.
In that moment, which stretched out into an awful eternity he heard the memories of screams, the sound of blue steel striking flesh and the cries of mothers. All this he felt, a momentary scene of himself standing within the white barks of the silver forest and a woman smiled down at him, a woman dreadfully familiar but in a way that his mind would not allow him to remember smiled sadly at him. “Follow the path Frat, your uncle will meet you there.”
The woods had been terrifying that night, his little legs had carried him panting and weeping at what he had seen and the blood that still marred his fine clothing and yet something had watched him, seeming to stalk him and within the woods grey shapes moved through the darkness and shadows, silver and terrible ghost like shapes with white fangs and amber eyes.
The terror had propelled him to run and to cry but he had survived that night when so many did not.
Then his mind censored what he saw, closing the pages of that dim and painful memory. 
Silven had once been a normal town like Knep’s end, it had a spire and worked the rich and dark soils at the base of the Ssaved’s teeth mountains and had even grown to a population much larger than his own town. His uncle had once told him, on a night when the wind clawed at the shutters and the firewood had burned with a smoky and heavy tincture that one night all that changed. The soldiers had come to Silven and filled the air with death until it hung like smoke over every building. A town of almost fifteen thousand vanished from the map that night, leaving only the shell that could have been a city and the howls of the haunted that warned those that came too close to ward their souls. Since then they had called it ‘the howling’ and only those blessed by Evandra seemed safe to wander those lands.
Kathleen nodded slightly, she had been watching his reaction to the word and swiftly glanced away when he looked back at her. Instead she studied the red splashes of twilight colour as the suns began to set.
They met no one on the way to Knep’s end; just passing farmland that once upon a time would have yielded a full harvest every year from rich soil. In this day and age though no farm had the labour, despite protestations from the local Land master, who over saw how much food came from each farm for the war effort and almost all the aspects of their lives. Their particular Land master had been blessed with the name Master Gier, though most people called him Master Beer given his habit of hard drinking and soft living.
Master Gier had assigned them a larger and larger stead to farm along with a larger and larger requirement for food each year. The last two Francis had been able to make good the demands though almost beggaring the farm each time. At least Atiria’s troops must have gone into battle well fed and Francis had taken some comfort in that, supplying the sustenance for the troops that the Land Master told them were fighting in the glorious war to defend freedom, truth and justice. War he had said made the farmers great for the whole country needed them now more than ever.
Though the production of the farm had grown, the left over, the little amount the farm owners kept for their own use had shrunk. War might not have made them great but it had made them thin.
They passed through land, not ravaged by war but instead raped by its needs.

Chapter 3
Night had fallen by the time they reached Knep’s end. Knep’s end had been named after a famous bandit whom had made a last stand in the Dog ear tavern a long, long time ago. Knep had stood up against the rulers of the land and argued that obeying the law did not make sense when the law itself had become warped and twisted. Like most outspoken outlaws he had been cut down by a blast of flame from a bolter and left a legacy a sticky and blackened scar on the tavern’s wall that had been left not so much as a relic of a by gone age but more of a talking point. During Atiria’s early days people had come to Knep’s end and established a town that could have once been called thriving with cobbled streets and even a small skyship spire for the loading of grain, poultry and cattle. At its peak Knep’s end had a population of approaching 4000 people and enough money to cobble the streets and establish Knep’s end as a town going places. The farming had led to other industries for the butchering and freezing of meat before ice ships, more named for the magic that kept them cold than any particular construction, had often come to the spire along with the network of spires through communities just like Knep’s end. Those same ships then carrying the goods out as far as the distant and exotic Shel empire where the dead served the living and the lands of the Ssaved and Quan and even to the far realms of the beautiful but unspeakably arrogant elves. A few years ago, Atiria had learned that the trick with war was not to make war but instead to make sure that other people had the tools to make their wars. Unfortunately, the lesson had been lost on the new and ambitious Emperor. Now those towers that were once marked by the sound of ratchets and gears that would lift cargo aloft lay silent and empty with no indication of life leaving the tower looking like a long dead tree that had shed its leaves.
The town had gone to the howling, figuratively speaking, decades of war sapped the people and sapped the town of money until finally houses laid unclaimed in an urbanised core, houses that no one wanted and no one existed to live within since most of the male youth had gone off to war, then the male middle aged had followed them off into a conflict which never seemed to know an end. Francis had wondered once just how long it would be before the male elderly were called off to war as well leaving a society of women and the few children that had been born before the yearly shaving and the closely linked call ups occurred.
War brought with it a set of terrors, the terror of seeing an enemy ship on the horizon passing the fleets of Atiria’s own wrecked ships or the terror of being caught up in the war and being sent off to fight in foreign lands but a different kind of fear froze Francis and Kathleen for a moment when they spotted a low and hulking shape hovering by the spire of the skyship port and given that no one had even sowed their crop yet it would not be here to pick up food.
One of their ships had returned to port, normally and in better-run kingdoms that might have been a cause for celebration or for people to show the warriors and crew of the ship with a special consideration for those that risk their lives for their country. In Atiria the return of soldiers came with a package of a lot less pleasant sort of possibilities. In a country that had known war for so long the soldiers were important, so important that the city watch tended to overlook little crimes they committed, little crimes like murder and taking any woman that they saw fit to have or in some cases just saw. In Atiria the sight of one of their own ships brought a fear to those with young women as friends, or sisters, those that worked in the front lines of where soldiers might congregate to let off relax after a busy war.
There had always existed a narrow line between a standing army being used to defend the land and the people within and those same troops being used instead as a means of control. Atiria had crossed that line a long time ago and had travelled well until it approached another line, a line where troops were used as a means of terror and the peasants existed as nothing more than rest and recuperation.
The problem for the peasantry normally involved their need of recuperation after the troops had rested and Francis knew that the Dog ear would be one of the first places they went. 
They paused near the Dog ear, exchanging glances that could only have the one meaning. 
In the distance, they heard the sound of a scream, the kind of scream that in better communities might have sent the city watch running in that direction, but there was no watch here, only the army and they were the ones to be frightened of.
“Look, I think this is a bad idea.” Kathleen said under her breath, she had heard the stories.
Francis nodded, while he would escape notice, no way would Kathleen have that same luck. Until recently Kathleen had been a very slender young woman, in fact when they were both kids he had called her ‘beanpole’, however in the last few years her body had matured and though she blossomed late, she seemed intent on making up for it, a fact Francis spent much of his time trying not to notice and often failing. Her body drew his eye, the eyes of any warrior would head straight for her the moment they entered the room and the moment they had a drink or five they would probably want to look with their hands rather than their eyes despite the fact she held the rank of a priestess.
Francis had learned a long time ago that very little could be called sacrosanct to a drunken warrior.  He glanced at her, noting that slight edge of worry in her eyes and conceded. “You’re right, we should go back home.”
Her eyebrows quirked slightly near the centre, a tiny expression that Francis knew masked her relief. 
“Let’s go, I’d like to be out of the way of these cutthroats.” He muttered darkly. 
They turned and as they turned four figures loomed from the shadows near them, not the kind of looming of people that want to remain hidden since the four figures would have had a problem remaining hidden if they tried, with armour so layered about their muscular forms but they did look like the sorts that might hide within the shadows, so scruffy and ill tempered. To Francis they looked as if someone had told footpads that bigger meant better when it came to defence.
The leader, a man with two stripes on his shoulders, barely visible through the filth that clung to him looked Kathleen over with precisely the kind of attention they had wanted to avoid and he leered as if he did so for a living.
“What do we have here?” He asked in a gruff voice. At other times Francis would have felt the urge to point out that he knew precisely what they had found but reconsidered doing so now as inadvisable.
“My friend and I are travelling.” Kathleen said with a tone that normally would have had most peasants quailing at the thought of facing a priestess.
Francis glanced around, sliding his hand into his pouch and closing his fingers around the snake, he had nothing else that would even approximate to being a weapon.
It felt like nothing against the four armoured men who just grinned at his obvious fear. 
One of the huge men closed with Francis and for a moment his senses seemed to explode with pain. It took Francis a moment to realise that he had been hit and had fallen onto his back but the man stepped up and slammed his armoured fist into the side of his stomach with such force that Francis’s senses began to feel like they came to him from over a distance so vast that it took ages to even sense the pain.
The pain, such pain like he had never felt blotted out nearly every other sense. Other blows came but Francis hardly even noticed them from within what seemed like a small and very private world filled with all manner of hurt.
A pressure on his stomach felt as if someone had sat on him or knelt with their knee in his stomach
In the distance he could hear screaming, the screaming of someone he knew. Though one eye could not see through his own blood he could see two of them ripping away at Kathleen’s clothing, pawing at her with their bestial hands and grins firmly slashing the darkness of their beards with yellow and uneven teeth.
They were ripping away her clothes, her shawl cast aside and then he heard the tearing of her blouse. He had to act, otherwise they would do something awful to her and then leave her somewhere, probably with a slit throat and no one would do anything about it, they had the king’s remit.
He tried to pull himself up which earned another blow to the ribs and one of them, a man with a thick and red bushy beard leant over him to smash his mailed fist into Francis’s nose causing the world to once more shatter in pain.
“Stay down dirt digger. She’ll love this and you’re not going to ruin the party.” The man shouted into Francis’s face, Francis could not help but notice that the man’s breath not only contained the noticeable trace of ale but other elements contrived to make it one of the worst scents he had ever encountered and considering he worked on a farm he found that fact strangely impressive.
Kathleen screamed again, the men pushing her to the ground but with one hand she caught one of the men in the face, causing him to stagger back before his expression darkened from lustful and violent to violent lust. One of his hands closed on the hilt of his dagger
As Francis’s fingers closed around the fragment he gripped with such tightness that he cut himself on the sharper surface but though that pain came through with clarity, the other pain seemed to recede.
Without thinking he drew the object and stabbed blindly at the man with the bushy beard. The blow had nothing to do with any art of war, nor with the actions of a man whom had trained in weapon use but it packed a lot of force, driven by intense emotion.
He did not see what happened next, but the sound that it made would live within his memory forever. First the sound of sizzling filled his ears, along with the smell of cooking flesh and then the scream. He did not hear a woman’s scream, instead lower than that but still the kind of scream of someone suffering enough agony and misery to blot out the light of hope within the world forever. The man fell backward and when he hit the ground he did so with the sound of wet steak hitting cobbles at high speed.
Only dimly did Francis note how the armour sagged as it settled, still steaming from heated griddle but the flesh within the mail almost seemed to collapse within itself to the sound of furious hissing. Something leaked out through the links of chainmail, something red, pink and fizzing in fluidic fury.
Another man came at Francis, drawing his sword but too late as Francis’s impromptu attack caught him in the face. The blow hit the man on the cheekbone and ordinarily would have been a minor and bloody injury. Instead the metal scythed in, cutting through bone like warm butter and the head of the snake emerged violently from the base of his skull. The second man dropped with only a gurgle and not even had the time to scream. Unlike the other he did not fold in on himself, though Francis paid him as little attention as he could.
The two remaining men dropped Kathleen who pulled her clothes to her while she too watched the bloodied and bruised mess that Francis had become lurch towards them.
Their eyes rolled towards the two dead men, fully armoured soldiers that he had killed with an ease that had been terrifying. One of them turned and ran, showing an impressive amount of speed for someone fully armoured in blue steel chain. The other stood his ground, his eyes straying not to Francis but to the bloodied fragment within his hands.
He strode towards Francis, cautious but Francis might have held a terrifying power within his hand but he had never received any form of weapon training. His first hand caught Francis’s forearm, twisting it sharply before he snarled.
“Our lord has asked for anything looking like that to be brought to him, thank you boy.”
Then his mailed hand closed on the thing, seeking to wrench it out of Francis’s hand.
Like it had when Kathleen had reached for it, the snake glowed for a moment as his fist closed on it. Francis felt something pass from the shard into the man, going through him like a chill breeze.
The corporal’s eyes widened matching his mouth, which formed the triple ‘o’ of horror as he recoiled too late to save himself. The man did not scream, instead he sobbed, collapsing into a heap and quivering while blood tears streamed from his eyes. Unlike the others his pain did not end in his death though, instead he curled up, gibbering and hiding his face with one hand, the other arm laid limply at his side.
“Francis.” Kathleen whispered urgently, gathering herself as she gathered her clothes, one of her skirts had been torn neatly but the fashion in Atiria had been for underskirts.
The mention of his name seemed to snap the young man out of his trance and for a moment he stood, silently frozen and watching the two still forms and one whimpering one that he had left behind.
He had gone through three armed men, butchering them like livestock. He had taken two lives and ruined another.
If he could have dropped the lump of metal he would have but for some reason his fingers remained locked around the thing with blood seeping between his fingers.
Francis had murdered them, they were living and when he finished two of them were dead and another looked as if he would have preferred the same state.
Shaking his head, he tried to back away from the bloodied horror in front of him a horror he had made. He wanted to run, to run and hide from the world because there would be no mercy for him within a state run by the military for the military. The king would make an example of him and his death would be even more painful for being a traitor, or at least someone they would call a traitor.
He slowly lowered his eyes to stare at the flechette of metal, which glittered coldly in his grasp, the blood had rolled off it and left it pure silver the gleaming light of the moon.
It would have been easy to do that, to flee and carry on fleeing away from Atiria and everything he called home but something stopped him, keeping him rooted to the spot and like a man running on automatic, who’s brain is either devoting all of its runtime time to something else entirely he walked over to Kathleen and picked up her shawl to gently wrap it around her shoulders.
Kathleen needed him and right now he needed her as well. Though his stomach tried to rise he managed to override it, clamping down on his throat and trying to ignore the sound and worse, the smell of cooking human flesh.
She looked around, fear shifting into horror at the states of the dead and the maimed and for a moment a soft sob slithered from her throat. Then slowly her eyes rolled around to the single shard of death in his hand that not only shone but seemed to be burning with an otherworldly, eldritch fire that shone through the flesh of Francis’s hand as if it were crystal.
Something about her expression, perhaps a little flickering flame of recognition which could have been his imagination or just the reflection sent a bitter, crystalline blade of thought through the fog of Francis’s mind.
She knew, she knew something about the thing he had found and her recognition had brought with it a fear different from his. His fear centred on the unknown; about something he did not or could not understand. Her fear, instead contained the dread of something she did know, of something she had once been warned about and perhaps because of her knowledge, which made the fear all the worse.
He tried to release the glittering and terrible thing, to unlace his fingers but they refused, they in fact seemed to tighten until he gripped with such force that his fingers turned white, a white that shone with the shard’s brilliance.
He looked down and that moment the truth dawned on him, a tearing emotional sense of loss for the man he might have grown into, the time he might have had with Kathleen and perhaps in that life he would have been a peasant who lived with the dirt, pried life out of it.
But that life had gone, torn away by the events of the last few minutes and now his future would careen on a wild course free from his grasp and control.
He looked down on the dull, gleaming fragment and there came that feeling that creeping sensation that someone looked back at him.
With a sickening clarity, he knew the truth.
It had claimed him in that moment when he had needed it and it had replied with a power so infernal and vicious that it had to be inhuman.
“We have to get out of here.” Kathleen finally breathed, her voice hoarse with the screaming and her hair dishevelled.
He nodded slightly, there really seemed like little else he could do at that point. “Where?”
“They’ll be after us.” She carried on as he helped her to her feet. 
They would be after them, that much rung true and though he and Kathleen had only running as an option the soldiers would have airships and horses. On understanding the matter, it struck Francis just how bleak their futures were.
“We have to go somewhere they’ll not follow.” He said, as if he could think of such a place.
“A place with friends, yes friends. Somewhere you have friends” Kathleen said under her breath and then a moment of clarity came to her features.
In the distance, the ship’s sirens filled the air with their eerie hollow wail. The death of the soldiers had been reported and they had minutes before they would be up to their ears in officials.
“We go to the Howling.” She said, grabbing his arm and dragging along as she started to run.
In reply, his feet seemed almost to stumble him with their own intent as if the rising fear within him transmitted itself to his legs and caused them to grow weak.
“The Howling, are you mad. That place is supposed to be crawling with horrors.” The sounds of the sirens almost swamped his reply but he allowed himself to be pulled before finally breaking into a run himself, for a moment he wondered in a detached way just how they must have looked with her hanging onto her clothing and at the same time pulling him along.
Even the thought of going to The Howling and hiding there almost froze his heart with terror but then it frightened him considerably less than staying here and facing certain death.
“Don’t you see, if we stay here they will hunt us down. Where else can we go where the guards will not follow. Once we’re there we make plans.” Kathleen insisted, gripping his shoulder with more pressure than he thought she would have been capable of.
“But the Howling.” He shouted back at her, trying to make himself heard above the din.
The Howling, the stories he had heard told of people that still wandered even though Shel Mar had claimed them into the realm of the dead, a place where restless souls clung to their old existences and those terrors took second place to the more personal terror that his mind had blanked out. There were secrets there, secrets that involved him and terrified him all the same.
She flashed him a look, a look so complicated that he knew that she knew something about his secrets that he did not and knew something about the nature of The Howling that she had kept secret from him and probably anyone outside of the priesthood of Evandra and yet that same look carried with it the bitter sting of disappointment as if she thought less of him somehow.
The sirens faded behind them as they ran, headed for the one place that they knew that soldiers and servants of the king would refuse to enter.
Even though he knew deep within his heart that they had good reason not to go there and all the more pressing reason to go.

Chapter 4
Grand Marshall Malin had learned how to survive his meetings with the man to whom he had sworn his life and his service. One trick involved keeping his gaze slightly lowered, never looking up and never meeting the eyes of the monarch. The other trick involved never volunteering anything unless his life depended on it, alas with the monarch it often did. 
Malin had climbed through the ranks by being efficient at his job and surviving and normally within a military the increase of rank often brought with it an increased chance of survival. Alas, in Atiria’s army it also meant you got closer and closer to the emperor, who sometimes killed subordinates almost as a form of hobby. Some cultures express themselves through art, poetry and works of beauty, Atiria’s emperor was the sort who might have done finger painting, generally with someone’s blood. When people spoke of Malin they often spoke of the Grand Marshall being efficient, of him possessing a flare but of being an old-style soldier caught sadly in a newer style world.
Malin Vareck could be called many things but never cruel, there had been times he had done things of which he would never be proud but certain lines were better never crossed.
He had waited for the meeting with the El Cor necromancers to end before entering and giving the Emperor the news. The meetings always left DaThoul in the best of moods and Malin had to wonder why; fortunately, the meetings were so secret that even he had not been allowed to attend them.
He stood with his arms folded across the battle-scarred breastplate of his armour while watching the man he had dedicated his life to pace back and forth with his hands fluttering like a demented bird caught within a cage of glass. Malin had always been tall and broad and his tanned skin gave many the impression that he came from a distant land, the tan had come from marches and battles where little protection could be gained from the sun. Malin had served The Emperor’s father first as a soldier, then an officer and now he served as the chief of Atiria’s military.
“Are you sure?” His lord and monarch lisped he had asked a dozen times before and Malin had just dipped his head slightly in a nod.
The Emperor of all he surveyed, monarch of six separate nations that had been conquered by Atiria, most of which could have been walked across in a day paced with his hands working while he talked to himself as if explaining things to disembodied spirits just out of sight but possibly out of his mind.
This sort of behaviour had always bothered Malin, the sight of someone whom can and had expunged entire communities talking to himself and even answering back in slightly different voices and timbres could not be viewed in comfort and particularly when viewed from up close.
“Cooked you say.” Emperor DaThoul said quietly, his voice mingling fear and even awe all in one.
Once more Malin nodded, he had started to get used to conversations with the Emperor being of a simple and unidirectional nature. Standing there and nodding seemed to make more sense to him than trying to follow each and every single line of conversation his lord and master tended to hold since only a fragment of what his monarch said seemed directed at him. In fact, if he stood there in silence he had no doubt that DaThoul could hold the conversation with himself. As he spoke, pacing back and forth he fingered the hilt of the weapon that Malin had only seen the once. The emperor called it Bladesbane and what little Malin had seen, he never hoped to see it drawn again.
“They’ve found it, possibly not just it but a fragment, a piece and it’s in Atiria.” He said in his fairly normal soft and slightly scratchy voice.
“It makes sense. The Howling is within a day’s walk of the place.” Emperor DaThoul continued, his voice becoming a little more strident and high pitched.
As the Emperor went on Malin took time to reflect that holding a conversation with the Emperor consisted of a very fine balancing act, he never showed approval or disapproval and generally kept his responses to any question to either monosyllabic or just careful movements of the head. He had served Emperor DaThoul a long time and had seen people come and go; often they went much faster and messier than they came.
The Emperor had never set out to surround himself with yes men, there had never been a time when he had woken up and said ‘I think I will only have people that agree with me in my court’ but instead anyone offering the slightest hint of criticism or telling him something he did not want to hear tended to be soon found to be traitors to the court and ushered off, often kicking and screaming, to the gallery of music where there would be no doubt even more kicking and screaming, more of the latter than the former.
Malin once more took the time to look at his lord, the man had once been powerfully built but the mass of his body had gone south for the winter and still now hung around his waist rather than his shoulders. The Emperor did still possess the look of a monarch, with a broad forehead and a slightly hooked nose that some might have called ‘patrician’ though probably from a distance. Any person seeing the monarch would fix on those eyes, eyes that contained more than an element of the staring quality found only in madness. The Emperor looked out at the world through smoky grey orbs that flicked from place to place, only pausing to fix people now and again with disturbing steadiness as if he had just measured the person up for another cell within the gallery before resuming the wild and slightly feral look of someone whom seemed to be in the middle of being hunted.
“Malin.” The Emperor snapped, dragging Malin out of his contemplation and fixing him with that look, the look that sometimes preceded people being dragged out for pointed questions, often asked by people holding pointed instruments. 
“Your most Imperial highness.” He replied, bowing from the waist, a touch of obsequious bowing never did any harm.
“Did you talk with the survivor and find out everything that we need to know.”
The question might have been obvious but Malin found it mildly foolish. Some people called Kelthan DaThoul, Kelthan the fool, never to his face of course since expressing such would be a good way to commit suicide under the crimes of sedition and stupidity, both crimes often carried the death sentence. Malin had come to believe that Kelthan possessed a good mind, if a somewhat warped and strange one. His Emperor might be insane but with that insanity came a special kind of cunning.
Once the castle had known laughter, a long time ago but since Kelthan had ascended to the throne fifteen years ago the laughter had given way to urgent glances from flighty figures fleeing to speak only in private.
Working near the king gave the person power, but it came with more than a small amount of risk.
“I spoke to him in depth. He said that the boy was holding something metal in his hand that seemed to burn and when he stabbed Private Dawthen, the man’s flesh seemed to be seared. The same when he stabbed Private Gray. He claimed that boy came out of nowhere, attacking them for no reason and they tried to stop him but he overpowered them.” Malin spoke quietly, listing precisely what the survivors had told him, or rather what the survivor who could talk had said. The other one had sobbed and whimpered too much to say anything meaningful.
The Emperor nodded, the pupil of one eye widening sharply while at odds with the tiny pinprick of blackness in the other. He spoke with the slightly guttural voice which steadily built in timbre and tone until the last few words emerged in a scream. “He killed two of my men and the other one’s as good as dead. The boy must be killed and the fragment brought to me as soon as possible. We want him dead, dead and scattered to the four winds. I want his household dead and his home burned to the ground. The lands near those of the Dragonlord should be kept quiet, do you understand me Malin. I want everyone there nice and relaxed because tension breeds suspicion and you know what suspicion breeds don’t you?”
Malin did not know what suspicion bred apart from violence and death, but then he drew his salary in part for not asking questions. Something about this bothered Malin, one peasant boy generally did not suddenly turn into a ferocious fighting machine and brutally attack heavily armed and armoured troops. If they did then why had he stopped on a couple and not carved a bloody and messy trail across Knep’s end. Part of Malin grimly wondered if more peasant boys could wreak such havoc then perhaps the military might be more successful using them instead of trained soldiers.
No, this situation stank and he had no doubt that Emperor DaThoul’s handling of the matter would be even more odorous than the base situation. For years Malin had gotten used to dealing with situations that the business of war and more war caused within Atiria and he might have always followed orders but even orders tended to have a little bit of leeway in them.
“You know Malin, this situation should not be allowed to mess up what I have planned. You see El Cor and I have a little operation going on up there and I need some supplies coming through there. I also want you to prepare the 3rd through 6th armies for an assault. This boy is nothing but a gnat, a flea, a tiny little irritant but even an irritant must be squashed. Have him squashed and don’t fail me like you did that time in Silven. This is too minor for me to deal with now, I have to speak with The Undying about important matters.”
That marked the conversation entering a phase that Malin considered dangerous, he would have to step carefully to make sure that the Emperor did not take anything he said the wrong way, or even the right way depending on the subject. Nine years ago, he had overseen perimeter defence while the monarch and what seemed like the rest of the military went to Silven to try and perform some kind of ritual.
That night he had spotted a child, little more than seven years of age stumbling through the forest just after capturing a young woman whom had been escorting the child away. Her screams and the little boys’ horror kept him company, on the worst nights. He had made sure that the men kept their silence but he had little doubt that the Emperor knew what he had done. That night he had been offered a choice between carrying out the spirit and the word of his orders. Since he had been told to stop any man or woman from leaving, he had conveniently clung to the commands and let the child pass, his orders had not mentioned children.
Those wolves had been distracting his men anyway, setting the fear of magic upon them since they seemed to be watching every move they made. He had failed his Emperor that night but then his failure had been hidden by another failure that had been much greater.
That night something awful had happened in Silven, the emperor’s mage had been maimed, in fact everyone whom had been there came back changed. Experienced and hardened men had come out of Silven blubbering and wailing like children and only half of the army that had gone in came out and they had come out running, weeping and unable to frame words for what had happened within the city walls. He had not seen what had been done that night when Silven became the howling and he made little secret of the fact that he was glad of that. Since then the promotion rate around the Emperor had increased to new heights, mainly since the Emperor had become convinced that that the court heaved with conspiracy and the strange thing about conspiracies is their tendency to become a self-fulfilling prophecy after a while of people vanishing at night.
He had been right about conspiracies, but most of them came from the Emperor. Rather than people plotting against the Emperor he plotted against the people he thought plotted against him. He planned his counterattacks long before other people planned their attacks on him, which pretty much proved to Malin that the Emperor could manage the kind of thinking that would cause most people’s brains to overheat.
Soon enough the castle known as Rivenhelm had changed, it had become a place where the odd shriek would shatter the night and people took time to not listen, to keep their heads down and walk on while ignoring what happened to others lest it also happen to them. Atiria’s capital city, also named Atiria had once been a place where artists and poets had created and music had flowed, but now the city had grown silent, suspicious and careful. The only music had to be approved and sedition became a word that might have once been rare but now cropped up time and time again, always with the one brutal punishment and no trial. Constant war brought with it other prices as well, the building of taxes had slowly squeezed the life within the city until now the once fine theatre now slowly rotted with paint peeling and in places the sewer system had collapsed until what little money went on infrastructure aimed to slow down the dissolution that could have been avoided years ago. There had been a time where people flocked to the city of Atiria, hoping for a better life unfortunately most of them found a worse one within poorly lit and tight city streets and the shadows filled with the eyes of the secret police and their stooges. It had only taken a decade for the light of civilisation to be replaced by the darkness of paranoia. 
Malin had once loved Atiria, the empire and most of all the city, but that had been a long time ago.
The Emperor’s cold glare had settled on him, snapping him out of his reverie and he snapped out the words that served him. “I carried out my orders to the letter your Imperial highness.”
It might have been the most primal and basic of defences but the Emperor stopped and nodded slightly, seeming to accept it for the moment. No doubt dealing with Draxxon and The Undying would consume the Emperor’s thoughts for a good while yet. Not that Malin had a problem with Draxxon, they had provided a good many weapons without which Atiria would have never conquered many of its neighbours and certainly their armour had saved many of troops lives. The prices were high but an invading army can afford a lot when spending the gold reserves of the conquered.
With the same practiced air of someone whom had gotten used to the Emperor’s little ways he almost anticipated the next command with a slight tightening of his muscles. He had been in wars for years, he had done things to other warriors that could freeze the hearts of many but he had one private little dread and knew that the next command would come of it.
Then the command came. “Go and inform Sharrath. I want her to take measures and kill those involved. I also want a message sent to Draxxon that the plan will go ahead, I will expect their delivery in a few days. You’ll get a chance to battle a real foe soon Malin.”
Sharrath had hidden herself away since the events of Silven, in fact she hardly ever left her private apartments within Castle Rivenhelm and few people went in. Few people made a choice of going in but still people sometimes vanished into there by someone else’s choice.
Though the idea of facing the sorceress caused him to shudder under his armour he had not risen to the rank that he had achieved through letting fear rule him.
He saluted, slamming his fist into his chest and left backward, bowing as he did so.

Malin stalked through the corridors of power, though those corridors were small and dark unlike the palace, when and if they finally completed it, would be beautiful, capacious and vast. For many years a work force mainly made up of slaves had been working on the Grand Palace, a property so huge that each room seemed to be built on the level of a ballroom with vast arched corridors and staircases that entire squads of men could have marched down twenty abreast. It would have already been completed had not The Emperor redesigned it three times already during construction causing men to rip down constructed walls, rearrange staircases on a whim and move decorations without any thought as to the cost.
Because of this tendency to redesign they still lived in Rivenhelm, a castle ancient and built with halls designed for defensive qualities rather than for comfort with thick ironwood doors and narrow staircases that could be easily defended. The castle had stood for centuries, a symbol of the power of the monarchy of Atiria, the palace would be a symbol of that power having grown for it would dwarf the castle and have no defensive structures at all. The palace would state in stone that Atiria no longer had external enemies to fear and the gallery would be to show that the internal enemies were being dealt with as well. The Emperor also hoped that a large display of such wealth as Atiria did not really have would draw El Cor and their merchants to the kingdom. At least that way Kelthan would be able to start buying their undead soldiers and using them in the war.
Garishly uniformed soldiers saluted him as he passed, shouldering their long bolters and extending their hands above shoulder height with the thumbs folded underneath their palms. They were the royal guard a force that Malin knew to include some of the most vicious men he had encountered which qualified them perfectly to carry out all the dirty little tasks the Emperor wanted done as quietly and as brutally as possible without even a stray thought about the morality of their deeds, perhaps even enjoying the viciousness their job required. Malin had little doubt that most of these men would not have recognised morality in a line up. These were the kind of men that the Emperor approved of, greedy and certain to act in their self-interest as long as that involved money.
Perhaps he stopped to merely delay the inevitable, his head turned to face a corporal who presented a sloppy salute. His eyes narrowed and the guard had the good grace to quail under a basilisk style glare that he had perfected in many years of command.
For a long moment, even longer for the poor guard Malin took time to memorise the guard’s face before starting once more and walking on through the corridors.
He said nothing to the man, nothing at all though the communication would be implicit. He had always given warnings, though the number had dwindled some over the years. He could have shouted the man down, but no good commander would do as such to someone in charge of men. He would deal with this efficiently after the first duty had been dealt with.
The numbers of the guards thinned out considerably as he headed towards the apartments of the sorceress, with good reason since assignment to guarding near her often came as a punishment duty just in case they were present when she did finally leave her chambers and fix them with a look that could give the words ‘empty gaze’ a whole new meaning.
The door slowly opened, smooth and silent without an ominous creak that would somehow have been a relief to him, instead this silence somehow just gave the scene a chilling distance that appalled him all the more.
However, he had been invited in and though he hesitated he had a duty.
The boudoir of the Empire’s sorceress looked so rich in colour, so overdone in hanging silks and veils that for a moment Malin had wondered if she had been colour blind before the events of the day that had left her…no, he snapped himself out of thinking about that.
“Grand Marshall Malin,” those three words were said with the kind of voice that normally would have been likened to honey for sweetness and smoothness. In fact, any male’s libido would ordinarily be quickened. The sorceress had not helped matters by wearing a dress with a low cut that dipped nicely to allow cleavage to be seen and that highlighted each curve in pale silk. The entire ensemble might have been exciting normally but somehow seemed to Malin like strangeness merely wrapped in the most beautiful of bottles.
She might have been called beautiful once, in fact in many respects those words could still be used but for her eyes.
She possessed angular features; high cheekbones set within a face like a perfect oval and her lips might even had been called full within the right light. Her figure had always struck Malin as rounded in the places to further draw the eye and her hair shone the colour of golden silk and all in all she would have been a marriageable prospect but for one thing.
Or rather two things, her eyes, that night in Silven she had unleashed magics that could have changed the world. It had changed how she viewed the world at least, her eyes had melted or so the stories said. She had screamed and her eyes had bubbled like frothing liquid before pouring like water out from empty sockets only to be replaced by what appeared to be black marble.
By all reports she could still see but the sight of those empty spaces, filled with just a searing blackness caused the libido to shrivel away as rapidly as it might have come on.
“Milady Sharrath.” He started, looking straight ahead and trying to ignore the fact that his eyes wanted to trail towards those utterly ebon voids like a tongue seeks out a nerve in the hole where there might have once been a tooth.
She gave a disappointed sigh as he played it strictly business. Most people did around her. “Tell me.”
“A pair of corpses have been found Milady, it looks as if they were killed with a fragment of The Staff.” He focused his gaze on a particularly colourful hanging with a repeating design of golden flowers on a deep red background.
“Do we know whom is using it?” She commented softly, stepping in front of him and forcing his gaze to slide to a point past her shoulder.
“A farm boy, not even shaven yet.” 
“An innocent,” she said softly, stepping past him and trailing one finger delicately over his shoulder. They had played this game of ignored touch a few times before.
“An innocent? He killed two men and maimed another.” Malin kept his voice carefully level, keeping his gaze locked on a flower of the hanging which looked to him as if a single golden thread had worked loose and hung by the bloom like a tiny metallic spike. Once again, he found himself trying to slip into that state which had been so useful in battle, a place of utter calmness and stillness where the general of a losing army can assimilate the news with the same casual demeanour as the general of a winning one. That calmness had saved him a good many times before, carrying with it the distance that allowed him to function even while his life hung in peril.
“She will not allow someone whom is not innocent to wield her Malin, if the wielder has harmed someone without reason then she will burn them the same way that she burned so many.” An echoing ache within her voice left the ‘myself among them’ out of the statement, she did not have to say it.
“So, what will happen if one of my men tries to hold it?”
“If they have drawn blood for any reason but self-defence, she will burn them Grand Marshall. The fragment should not be touched at all, not by anyone whom does not wish a quick and agonising entry to Evandra’s embrace.”
Considering the requirements for a good many of his forces Malin found himself hard pressed to think of any whom could carry the fragment for even a second.
“But the boy wielded the fragment like a weapon.”
“And your men would have deserved what happened Malin; it would not surprise me if they were trying to harm him or someone dear to him.  If she empathises with him then she will turn the fragment into a fearful weapon for him to use.” 
He stiffened as she placed her chin on his shoulder, closing her eyelids for a moment and looking normal though Malin knew that soon the lie would be dispelled and she would look up at him. The disquiet caused by the woman brought with it only a portion of the unease that sliced through him like a blade. With that shard, a boy had killed two men and turned another into a sizzling wreck of a man, each man had seen so many conflicts and shed so much blood that they would have been hard to kill. This time a boy without training had done so much, what would happen if the fragment trained him, what if it became fully operant in his hands.
A boy under sentence of death would have in his hands the weapon that had last been used to destroy an entire community. Malin called the calmness again, summoning it to wash over him though it felt for a moment as if the shard had been dragged down his spine.
“You speak about the fragment as if it’s a woman.” He said, keeping as still as he could and trying to ignore the closeness of her body, the heady scent of her perfume and the parts of his body that were even now responding to such.
“That’s because she is a woman of sorts Grand Marshall, a very angry woman with a list of grievances as long as the list of titles our Emperor bestows on himself.” Sedition, the sorceress had long since worked out that she and Malin shared certain views and occasionally expressed them while they were alone.
“Will you be able to help find them?” He replied, keeping to business and keeping his posture and stance as erect and stiff as he could.
“Oh, I can do much better than that. I can summon something up that will find the boy and bring him back with the fragment. After all, I don’t think that you want any more of your men touching the thing and burning.”
As she spoke she worked her way around him to stand before him so closely that he wanted to step backwards. He tried to keep his gaze on the hanging but she all but blocked it off and soon he found himself looking into those voids that existed where her eyes should have been, had once been. The moment he looked into them there felt to be something leaving him, being drawn from him and sucked mercilessly into the none existence that those voids seemed like open portals to. He snatched his gaze away, tensing his muscles carefully to avoid the suggestion of trembling within. As always when he had caught a glimpse of her eyes he tried to shake off the feeling that something had been lost, stolen from him.
At first, he had thought that her eyes had looked like black marbles had been lodged within the sockets but being close up had soon enough dissolved that myth. Within her eyes he could see nothing, not just a nothing of air but an absolute absence of things, an end to things, twin voids where it seemed to him nothing could exist. No light illuminated those sockets and somehow Malin had wondered if any light could.
Those empty sockets contained nothing and anyone staring into them would become nothing, consumed within the strange and awful places within.
“I will send a stalker Malin, but it is important that none of your men get in the way of it or it will just carve its way through them. I want you back here with a few prisoners at dawn.”
“I shall tell the Emperor that you are dealing with the matter. The Emperor has an interest in the northern lands connecting to Laksee and near the howling. I get the impression that he would like this settled quickly.” He replied, steadfastly locking his gaze on the end of her nose, trying not to meet those eyes. There were stories within the rank and file of the men about what happened to those that spent too long looking into those empty voids, as usual, most of those stories were born of no information but still, the saying insisted that smoke and fire were intrinsically linked.
Whatever she meant by a stalker, he suspected that it would not only be unpleasant but powerful as well. It came as something of a relief to not be required to know certain things particularly things that involved this beautiful, terrifying woman.
Without waiting for her to frame a reply he turned and walked out, hardly even pausing for the door and only breathing a sigh of relief when he had left her and her strangeness behind.
Sometimes ignorance might be bliss, but more likely he just found it comforting. He just hoped what he did not know could not hurt him, to the contrary of military doctrine.

Chapter 5
For a small town Knep’s end suddenly seemed to become very busy indeed. Francis had always thought of Knep’s end as a little sleepy even when the town’s financial fortunes had been in the ascendant but within minutes of the sirens going off the town had seemed to become filled with all manner of armoured men all with grim expressions and even grimmer intents and as those men appeared, seemingly from nowhere the streets became equally void of those of the local community whom had learned that natural curiosity for anything that did not involve them and did involve the military could be bad for their health.
Kathleen opened her mouth to say something before a bulky arm emerged from a nearby shadow and pulled her in with enough force to not be ignored but enough gentleness not to hurt. Francis ducked into a dark alleyway and relaxed a little when he recognised Vittar. Vittar had been around as long as Francis could remember and never had struck him as anything but a strangely alarming gentleman whom somehow gave the impression of being someone to whom the law existed not so much as a hard line but as a negotiable point of reference in the geography of the semi legal. There had been stories about him once serving within the military before receiving the kind of discharge that featured the word ‘dishonourable’ combined with ‘don’t’ come back’ and would have been at sword point, for some reason he had also not come back in a box, a fate for most the nation called traitors as well as for many of their loyal troops as well.
Vittar had lived on the edge, not just the edge of the Empire’s draconian legal system but he had been within Knep’s end as the sort of handyman and occasional farm labour that no one really trusted but at the same time knew he would never steal anything important. Francis had often wondered if every town had a Vittar, the kind of rogue whom everyone knew could not be trusted with anything valuable and yet never harmed anyone and lived largely on the goodwill of the community, the same community that would always make sure doors were locked near him.
Meeting Vittar in a dark alley had never been an attractive prospect he stood almost six-foot-tall with a shaved head and the kind of meaty, jowly face of someone whom would run to fat if it would not interfere with the occasional grace of his movements. Somehow Vittar had managed the trick of appearing like he had missed one or two shaves and yet Francis had never seen him clean-shaven as if he had mastered the art of maintaining perpetual stubble. When Vittar grinned at them he did so with gappy and uneven teeth.
“What the hell happened kids?” Vittar enquired, the force of his look raking over Kathleen’s state of semi dress with a look that contained a touch more concern than a leer. 
“Troops tried to rape me.” Kathleen gasped, showing a strength of character with that simple proclamation that Francis wondered if he could match.
Vittar’s face twisted into a mask of disgust, one lip curling before he snorted with a slight amount of newfound respect. “Francis fought them off?”
“Francis killed two of them and the third’s not going to be doing anything like that ever again.” Just after she spoke she turned away from the pair of them to face the wall and spent a minute sorting out her clothes.
Francis found Vittar inspecting him carefully and a new quality had entered the middle-aged man’s eyes before he dipped his head slightly in a nod to the teenager. “You took out three armed men, impressive.”
“He was astonishing.” Kathleen said, cutting off Francis before he could say anything about the fragment within his hand, Francis closed his mouth when realisation of why she might do so trickled through to his thoughts.
Vittar had chosen what looked like leather armour, tinted black and covered with dirty and ratty black cloth that would not shine under light, the only skin that could be seen were where his head arose from his broad shoulders. These were not the kind of garments worn for fashion, these garments were worn because someone wanted not to be seen.
“What in the name of the wyrm are you doing out anyway and wearing that?” Francis followed up, heading off any possible questions about he might have killed trained warriors.
Vittar grinned, which could never have been called a pretty sight. “I was paying someone a visit and then I heard Kathy’s screams. You guys sorted the matter before I got here and now you kids need to be out of town and quickly.”
Francis and Kathleen exchanged looks, neither of them could argue with his logic and without another word Vittar turned away, motioning for them to follow. When Vittar said that he intended to visit someone they were often better not asking whom, or worse why and what condition that someone would be in afterwards.
The next half hour came as an education for Francis, he had never realised that there had been an entire network of dark little ways that could accommodate a single person, two abreast at a push where a person could avoid the pale glitter of the street gaslights and pass almost without trace. 
Following Vittar in the shadows consumed almost all of Francis’s attention, who feared that taking his eyes off the older man at any point would have left him without a guide as he lost sight of him. In fact, it only struck Francis later in the dash how Vittar seemed to know almost every little way to walk and place to go to avoid light or being seen. 
Soon enough they left the sounds of the hunt behind and passed from the urbanised core of Knep’s end and into more dispersed lands.
Only then did Vittar duck into a squat building while motioning for them to enter after him.
Within the building Francis and Kathleen found a bar, not the sort of bar that they were used to either. For a long time, Francis had thought that the Dog Ear counted as a place of ill repute, right up to the point where he stepped into what he would later get to know as The Gibbet. The people gathered around the tables glanced up, as much as Francis could tell with some wearing hoods that obscured features and other faces that looked more like collections of scar tissue.  Women wore considerably less than even Evandra would have probably found suitable and the men that were gathered here looked more like footpads and career criminals than anyone within the Dog Ear. Francis found himself wondering just how many times he had passed this door and not even thought that such a place might be within. The floor seemed to be made out of or at least covered by a thick layer of sawdust and the low ceiling gave the whole place a smoke filled, constricted feel. What he saw unnerved Francis, but what might have been lurking within the darker corners of the room unnerved him all the more and made him slide the hand with the fragment out of view and into a fold of his tattered tunic
Nods were exchanged, Vittar leading the two young people through the bar and into a small back room that managed to look if possible even less reputable than the major area with a tiny barred window. Vittar closed the door and turned to face them while folding meaty arms across his chest.
“Now, what in the name of the wyrm’s going on here?” He demanded while eyeing them both.
“Like I said, Francis killed soldiers.” Kathleen insisted though without the force of conviction that might have compelled some level of faith.
“I know what you said but Francis killed three guys in cold blood. I find that hard to believe.” 
“They were doing things to Kathleen, I couldn’t allow it.” Francis insisted but while doing so he tried to slip the hand holding the shard behind his back.
The movement might not have been noticed by most but Vittar’s eyes flashed and he extended a hand. “Well, give me the dagger you’re trying to hide first kid. We don’t want anyone else harmed.”
“NO!” Kathleen’s shout mingled with one from Francis at the same time and Vittar snatched his hand back as if he had been snapped at by something with many teeth and a poor humour.
“Why not?” He growled, though too much of the old Vittar bluster crept into it. Francis had always suspected that if Vittar wanted to do harm he would do so suddenly and viciously without warning. He might have been able to intimidate most people but somehow Francis liked to believe he knew him better.
“It burns people. It burned them.” Kathleen said simply.
When something new glittered in Vittar’s eyes Francis found himself wondering if he might be the only person within Atiria that remained ignorant of something, a feeling like knowing that everyone is enjoying a joke but you.
“What is this?” The question forced itself out of Francis’s lips with the right amount of indignation to draw the attention of both people with him. He raised the hand holding onto the fragment and held it in front of him while firing quizzical looks at both Kathleen and Vittar.
The fact that Vittar took a step back when he saw the fragment did not make Francis feel better at all. He extended the hand holding the thing outwards like someone whom wished that he could add a couple of foot of length onto his arm. Vittar did not look exactly frightened by what he saw, but he did look noticeably wary.
“I don’t know.” Kathleen said, tiredness showing in her voice. “But we need to get to Silven and the people there know about it.”
Vittar raised one eyebrow at the mention of Silven and raised one hand to rub his chin with an audible rasp. “I’ve heard stories kid, none of them good. Don’t let anyone else touch the thing, I mean really. The stories I’ve heard about that thing say it’s evil, really bad for everyone.”
“It’s not evil, not really.” Kathleen insisted while Francis glanced down at the tiny, serpentine shape.
“I’d say anything that turned an entire town into The Howling could be called evil.”
The dread that had been swirling around inside Francis crystallised into something hard and heavy. His voice sank to an awed and frightened whisper. “This thing made the Howling?”
“It’s more complicated than that and Francis only has a fragment of the whole staff.” Kathleen said softly, closing her eyes and letting her face lower so that the shadow of her hair almost completely obscured her.
Somehow that failed to make Francis feel any better, complicated it might have been but it sounded as if this fragment had been connected with thousands of deaths and he had just added to the roll of the dead.
“If you don’t know what it is what do you know?” He regretted snapping at them both the moment he did so but some small part of him felt almost as if he wanted to shout at someone.
“That the staff of Ryak kills and that it’s left a trail of blood across the Empire.” Vittar muttered, his eyes flashing as he looked at the shard once more, almost as if he expected it to do something, the fact that it did nothing did not seem to disappoint.
“Not a lot, I’ve just been told to watch out for it and that it might be found on your farm Francis.” Kathleen spoke softly as she took his free hand and squeezed it slightly.
“Told by who?” He demanded, the passion of fear driving his anger.
“By the people within The Howling.” 
Kathleen’s reply struck him with such force even though she whispered it that he almost staggered away from her in shock. No one lived within The Howling, everyone knew that whomever had been in Silven had been killed there had been no survivors, no survivors at all.
He had heard that story over and over in his life and it had been a truth that he had hung his fear of the place on.
“But no one survived in the Howling.” He blurted, almost regretting how foolish he must have looked.
“No one did, no one that remained in Silven, they all died.”
“But you said.”
As they spoke Vittar’s gaze flicked back and forth and he nervously rubbed his chins with the back of his hand.
“I know and they have been waiting for that to be found. At first, I thought nothing of it but seeing the shard in action I knew it was what they sought. We need to go to The Howling and we need to go tonight Francis. There is someone you have to meet.”
“Who?”
“I can’t explain it, she would be better to explain it than I would.” Kathleen replied, a shadow crossing her face as she spoke.
The question came to Francis’s lips and burst past without his brain interceding and with too much force. “What do you mean you can’t explain, this is my life we’re talking about here?”
Kathleen flinched slightly, just enough for him to realise his tone had been so harsh.
“Look. I’m sorry.” He managed, almost choking in empathy to the pain that flickered across her feature. He hardly even noticed when his hand trailed over to rest on hers for a moment.
That moment lengthened and she looked up at him, her eyes large and filled with unreadable emotion. He wanted to say something to her, something wise or at least something comforting but he just smiled awkwardly. At this moment in time wisdom, or even wit seemed beyond him.
She had suffered enough this night and the night had not yet ended. He instead turned to Vittar and smiled hopefully though the smile felt ready to crumble at a moment’s notice. “Do you know a way to The Howling?”
Vittar gave him a look that suggested that Francis had said something bordering on insanity but after a moment gave him a wide-eyed and obviously worried nod.
Normally questions about the Howling involved staying away or ‘where is the best way around the Howling’, by their nature the people of Atiria had enough to worry about without adding to it by visiting such nightmare laden places. A healthy fear of the known tended to keep the locals alive, the unknown tended to attract an even greater fear.
Something within Kathleen’s eyes and her manner suggested to Francis that the danger involved might not be an unknown to her. Her apparent calmness did not form a twin within Francis, but it did help him find at least a little perspective and deny that aching terror that gnawed at the edge of his reason. They had little option, The Howling might be the only place within several days travel where the guards might not follow him.
“We need a few days supplies for travelling. Vittar can you handle that,” said Kathleen quietly, smiling when Vittar gave that worried nod again, rubbing the side of his jaw with one hand, causing a soft rasp. He turned and headed for the door.
“Yeah, I can handle that but there must be some other option.”
“None, it’s the only safe place to go,” Kathleen’s reply might have been said in a soft voice but a note of determination implied that arguing would not accomplish anything.
Vittar moved out of the room and Francis and Kathleen found themselves staring at each other in a cold and dark room. In the distance, the sounds of whistles and shouts continued.
It did not take Vittar long to get together the supplies they needed, a few backpacks and bedrolls soon appeared from whatever wellspring of items he found things. If Francis had been a student of irony then he might have appreciated the marks of the Empire’s military on the backpacks. Normally stealing this kind of equipment would have carried a sentence of having a hand chopped off. 
“Vittar, where did you get these?”
“Kid, you don’t want to know, trust me.” Vittar muttered darkly.
“Can we stay here?” Francis looked desperately to both faces, Kathleen glanced away, her eyes promising something he did not know.
“Nah, the troops will start house to house searches. Sounds like you’ve gone straight to being important.” Vittar glanced at the door the once and then to the window as a sharp light swept across it.
“They’ll keep looking Francis, we have to go and we have to go now.” The dread congealed within Francis’s stomach before he nodded to Kathleen’s words. The only place they could go would be somewhere that the troops would not follow and without them leaving the Empire only The Howling presented a universal no go area.
They had to go where everyone feared to tread including Francis himself.

Chapter 6
Slipping out of the city proved easy enough, Vittar following routes down back alleyways and down trails in scrubland that seemed only known to those that made a habit of not wanting people to know where they headed. Once out of the city they travelled, steadily and quickly and within four hours they approached the place the locals called the howling.
The Howling, even the two words had always caused a stir of fear for the locals of Knep’s end, a dread borne on the sound of what they hoped were wolves trailing from the east through the night air like the wailing of lost souls seeking the source or perhaps the end of their misery. On those nights when the sound carried the people of Knep’s end talked a little louder, crouched a little closer to their home fires. They did anything to ignore that sound, even when it clawed down their souls and came tinged with a horror filled whimpering. 
In most villages, young men might have held dares to sneak close to the howling but no one did from Knep’s end, for the last ten years the Howling had been there like the hollow space within the gum where a tooth had been yanked out or an aching empty void that followed the loss of the loved one.
There were always places, which inspired fear and whispers along with rumours and wild-eyed looks but The Howling induced something much worse, much deeper within the people of Knep’s end for even though the terror of what stirred within the Howling the sense of loss among the older people predominated. The people, the dead that walked within the howling used to be the friends and often the family of Knep’s end subjects, the pain of the Howling came from the deep knowledge that one of the pleading and screaming voices could belong to a chair left empty at your own table.
Listening to the Howling felt like listening to the dying screams of a close friend or a sister, the sounds of horror that might be carried on the voices of someone that the local people had tried to forget since that fateful night. As if someone had cast a shadow over Knep’s end, a cold and slippery thing of pure darkness that gnawed at their nerves and cast the darkness of their minds into a sharp relief of light and the utter blackness that exists within the human soul. 
Francis and the others were headed in towards that core of something twisted, each footfall a silent reminder and each snapping of a twig a herald of what Francis knew would happen soon.
Vittar had found a batch of enhanced torches; the simple metal and wood instruments from the far empire of the Shel would burn freely for all night while giving out a constant light. Each of them held one, in Francis’s case he held his so hard that his knuckles had long since turned white.
The Howling held a special dread for him, but the power of that dread came from that emptiness of that clutch of years before Silven had vanished and became The Howling. He had concealed that night, blotting it out of his memory a long time ago.
Soon the grey and lean shapes would be around them, sometimes nothing more than a brief glimmer of something moving within the darkness or the flicker of seemingly lambent amber eyes or the reflection of white fangs.
The woods might once have been beautiful, if beauty can be found in blackened trunks and flickering images of leaves that had long since dried and turned into blacks and browns. Each of the three of them held their torch aloft, the magically augmented light still weak and flickering as if the shadows of the howling gnawed at their feeble illumination, threatening to extinguish the violet flames of each torch.
Francis could not see even a hint of green within the heavy shadows; nothing grew within The Howling except for fear, which can grow in the most untended of soils.
During the decade since Francis had last been here, since that night that still lurked within the depths of his memory that fear had taken root within him and grown on each of the nights he had heard those voices and known deep in his soul a truth that he could not even grasp. It came to him for a moment, like the flickering reflections of light from the scales of a blind fish caught within the light of a torch before once more vanishing into the murk of his mind.
Vittar muttered under his breath, making the symbol of Evandra with one hand while moving nervously closer to the other two. A movement Francis found himself echoing. Of the three of them only Kathleen looked calm.
The shadows drew in, the lights of their torches guttering all at once and dimming slowly.
“They know we’re here.” Kathleen said softly under her breath, the sound causing Francis to start.
“Why are we here again.” Vittar’s voice rung out in a way that made Francis cringe, he seemed unable to whisper.
“Because the guard will not come here.” Kathleen looked back at them both, her breath forming a frosty halo for a moment within the gathering cold.
“Yeah, but there’s a good reason why they’ll not come here. The same reason we shouldn’t be here.” Vittar’s voice contained a slightly whining twist to it, his eyes wide as he looked around with a maddened, terror filled gaze. Francis had never seen Vittar’s face so waxen but knew that his face probably looked the same.
Then the Howling lived up to its name and the world suddenly became filled with an awful melange of sounds almost as if the land had given voice to the woe and pain within. Within the whole individual voices could be made out, sometimes sobbing and at other times screaming in some untold and unimaginable agony or misery but the whole seemed to meld into a blade that scraped and tore away at the spirit.
Francis’s muscles spasmed, freezing him in place as the woods around them rolled with the sounds of torture, of wailing from hundreds or possibly even thousands of voices. No warmth came within those voices, no comfort and instead only the torment held by the dead when held in the world of the living.
The sound rolled over them, carrying with it the distress of so many souls and the promise that others would join them. 
Vittar groaned in terror, his entire body quivering with the same tension as if he carried a great weight, he rolled his eyes the white s contrasting with the sweat that poured down his face even in the chill grasp of winter.
Only the faith Francis had in Kathleen kept him from breaking and running and if he did so then he knew that Vittar would be shortly on his heels. Kathleen’s quietly confident manner seemed to give them both strength or at least the feeling that only if she started to flee would there be reasons to be on her heels. Francis’s stomach felt like a heavy weight within his body, the tightness causing bile to rise to the back of his throat.
A pair of tiny orange lights shone in front of them, for a moment Francis wondered if they were two people carrying glowglobes in the distance until other pairs of lights join them, forming a half circle ahead of them.
The realisation came with a sickening clarity when Francis realised that he had been staring at eyes, many many eyes all too low for humans and all watching them with the glittering cold light of intelligence far too great for any beast, they were surrounded.
If Francis had held any presence of mind he might have noted how ridiculous he and Vittar must have looked standing back to back and quivering while Kathleen slowly moved forward with her hands raised. Even the wailing of The Howling seemed to dip slightly when she spoke. “It is time.” 
The three words hung in the air, some of the low shapes gliding into the weak light to reveal wolves, wolves that not only looked spectral, the darknesses and shapes of trees visible through their forms but an unnatural glow seemed to cling to each of them.
Then each and every set of dreadful eyes turned to Francis, studying him dispassionately. For a dreadful moment Francis found himself wondering if her next words would be ‘you can eat him now’, or something even worse but instead the stillness of the forms lingered none of them moved until Kathleen started forward once more, her movement so strange and out of place within the awful tableaux that both Vittar and Francis were startled.
The wolves parted before her, looping around behind and around the trio until Vittar and Francis had to follow to keep away from the advancing wall of grey and translucent forms.
“What’s going on, what did you mean by its time?” Francis, gathering together his nerve long enough to speak whispered as the wolves herded them deeper into the howling.
“There is something I need to tell you Francis, something that I’ve been discussing with the undead here and something involving you,” Kathleen spoke clearly, obviously not lowering her voice.
“Is this that secret that you’ve been keeping from me?”
She gave him a pained look that made him regret the words almost instantly. “Yes Francis, I have had to keep this from you but please understand that I never wanted to. I acted only under instructions.”
He wanted to trust her, Kathleen and he had always been close but her admission to secrecy caused cracks within that wall of complete trust and he gawped at her and narrowly reigned in anger that threatened to push the fear to the back of his mind. He stopped, causing Vittar to yelp with dread and the wolves to stop while Francis planted his fists on his hips.
“Alright, but it’s time right. I’m not going another step until you tell me what in the name of the emperor is going on here.” He felt a little unworthy, like a toddler declaring that he would not play unless the rules changed to suit him.
Kathleen regarded him with eyes so lit with hurt that his resolve dissolved like smoke in a high wind. He stepped over and gently hugged her before he even knew why he did it.
“I’m sorry Francis, I cannot,” she replied, their faces but inches apart. 
Their faces remained a few inches apart, their eyes locked on each other and that pain seemed forgotten. Instead Francis found thinking harder, as if a weight was pulling him towards her. 
She froze in response, her beautiful eyes going wide and her lips parting just a tiny amount.  That same weight seemed to be affecting her as well and their faces slowly began to drift towards each other.
“Are we moving?” Whined Vittar suddenly, snapping both young people out of the moment. 
Francis grinned awkwardly at Kathleen who blushed and smiled. This moment, this place had haunted the worst of Francis’s nightmares since he was a child. In his dreams, there had been no Howling, no ghostly wolves and definitely no edgy looking Vittar fidgeting with a ring of metal on his belt.
Kathleen took his free hand and led him on into the darkness with Vittar following behind while trying to walk forward and keep an eye on every single one of the spectral wolves that followed them.
The realisation trickled down Francis’s spine causing him to stumble as arrangements of trees stimulated ancient memories; he had been here before.
He had been a little child at the time; everything had seemed bigger then and there had been a warm hand holding his and a beautiful woman smiling down at him. That smile had been fragile, brittle like something easily shattered and already crumbling under some unknown strain.
The grey shapes had escorted them then and the memories after that had been scrambled, vague recollections of terror and screams while fleeing through the forest. In the distance, there had been the sounds of horses’ hooves.
He had lost something that night, something that he waited for during his hard childhood on the farm.
Francis opened his eyes to see Kathleen smiling at him, though the smile had nothing to do with good humour and the dampness of tears reddened her eyes.
She knew, someone had told her something about him that he did not know, he opened his mouth and formed the words even though his own words came as a surprise to him. “We’re going home.”
Her nod confirmed the truth and one glance sideways led his eyes to their escort. Not only wolves stalked with them through the forest now but people as well, some dressed as peasants and some in armour but all with faces that caused more memories to trickle back like the threatening shifting of water through holes in a weakening dam.
One spectral woman nodded to him, her high forehead and slightly hollow cheeks reminding him of a time as a very young child when he had skinned his knee and clung to her skirts while she cared for his little injury. The conjunction of fear and memories cause Francis to stare, the cold of horror washed away by the warmth of so many people that had cared and a childhood where he had felt that the entire town were his extended family
He had been a happy child, until that night when the men with Draxxon deathwands and flamers had come to their town. It had been so long ago and his mind had sought to protect him by bottling the memories of that night away.
A building loomed out of the darkness, seeming hunched and squat with a thatched roof that had collapsed in to leave what had been an inn as a gutted ruin. He had played within its garden as a child, the boy Garn, the son of the owner and he had spent many a boy’s time dreaming and playing there.
Each building brought with it a small smattering of memories and in each one the adults had been deferential to him, polite and yet affectionate. It had been a childhood surrounded by love and now only the dead winds trickled uncaring fingers through the ashes of what had been.
“We’re almost there Francis, I’m sorry but you’ll need to be strong.” Kathleen whispered and as he looked up Francis saw a shape that dominated the town a shape that had been the expression of a noble’s power on the land. By now the entourage of ghosts and wolves had grown so much that individual faces were lost in the movements of spectral forms and they marched towards the centre of the town like a strange and terrifying army.
While Vittar whimpered in fright though, Francis had found that his fear had trickled away as the memories returned. Memories of the family that had held power and his father whom had ruled with as fair a hand as he could over a score of towns including Knep’s end. Though the Emperor had declared cruel taxes and constant wars his parents had ruled with a gentle hand. 
“Vittar, there’s nothing to be scared of,” Kathleen glanced back at the bulky man and gently smiled 
“We’re surrounded by ghosts,” Vittar whispered, his eyes wide and sweat trickling down over slightly flabby cheeks.
“They’re welcoming their young lord back.”
Her words came like a shattering blow and yet Francis had known, this had been his lands or the lands of his family. One face kept coming to him though, swimming into his vision.
“I remember a woman, beautiful and strong,” he glanced over at Kathleen and she nodded the once in reply.
“She’s waiting for you. She’s your sister. Her name’s Melinda, but you always called her Mouse.”
His sister, she had walked with him even as their village fought for survival against the men.
“Is she…” he asked though he already knew the answer.
“Yes Francis, like the others here she is dead and bonded still to this land. She cannot know the peace of death and the return to Evandra’s arms. I have been coming here to try and help these people. But there’s only one person who can Francis, I have been asked to bring you here when the time came but events have forced my hand.”
Francis found himself nodding; he pressed his eyes shut for a moment to compose himself before opening them again to look upon what had been his home. 
The castle of his family had been inherited from glories long gone though his father had used it with defending his people in mind. That night they had fought there against the enemy and he had been unable to understand it all or help. He had been terrified, what child would not when the castle shook under explosions and two of the archer towers had collapsed with their soldiers with them. 
Waiting for him before the castle stood the woman from his memories, though she had not changed the passing years had not touched her they showed not in her the youthful lines of her translucent face but instead in her eyes, those eyes showed a world of horror and history of laments.
She had died wearing her armour, a chainmail vest reached to her waist and her long blond hair had been braided to keep it back and out of her eyes. Francis could not help but consider that his sister must have been a heartbreaker in life, or would have been if she had been given the time to do so. 
“Mouse,” he whispered at the bottom of his voice as he walked unsteadily up to her. The nickname had been in response to the one she had given him so long ago.
“Hello Frat,” Mouse replied, though he almost expected her to sweep towards him and hold him close it took him some seconds to realise that she would have been incapable of doing so. Once she had been loving and happy to embrace.
“Who did this?” He had wanted the answer to the question since his memories had started to return. 
The howling dipped, almost as if all of the spirits that were bonded to the realm caught what breath they could muster and instead a soft sigh swept through the remnants of what had been a town.
“Kelthan DaThoul,” Mouse whispered the words. Even in life her voice had been soft and high pitched and had been the source of his nickname for her. The fact that she had been taller than most men and stronger than many warriors did nothing to change what he had called her. 
“Mother, father?” 
“Gone, they were not revived after death,” she spoke without passion as if her emotions had been hollowed out and peeled away. The girl and woman he had known had been strong, confident and full of life. She had ridden horses and taken lessons in arms. Their parents had intended her to take over the lands when they finally departed. Now she ruled nothing but a blackened land tainted with the ashes of farmland and the hollow space left by those whom had died and those whom would now never live.
The Emperor had forged this horror; his men had come and taken a happy town and loyal citizens before cursing them to this terrible half existence. Fury washed through Francis’s mind, threatening to sweep away reason before it and batter the tidal walls of his sanity.
He had been happy here he had a family and that family were all dead now. He knew with sickly clarity that the memories he repressed were not because of the fear but instead because of all that had been lost from his life, torn away by the very person whom should have been protecting these people.
Francis had killed some of the Emperor’s warriors and now would be under sentence of death but what could he do when his own state had become criminal. People are raised to accept on some level the rules important to the state and in most cases that upbringing reinforces rules until what is acceptable and not acceptable became ingrained. Francis felt his stomach sink like a heavy weight as he realised in a chilling rush that his state had not just been unfair but had killed thousands of people for an unknown purpose.
Slowly, he sank to his knees before his sister; the howling slowly fell silent and only silence swelled in its wake.
The soil had burned to ashes, sliding like sand between his fingers as he slowly raised a handful and watched the once rich soil trickle away.
The ashes of his lands, the ghosts of his people all seemed to wait in silence while the awful truth slowly sank into him, burning his compassion for the men whom would fight for such a regime to similar black and grey ash.
He would, some part of him would enjoy what would come of this and that sickened him. But he would take his revenge anyway. Kathleen’s hand settled on his shoulder and he found himself wondering if she would ever forgive him what he would have to do.
“Frat?” Mouse whispered, sinking to her knees as well in front of him.
“What can be done?” He asked, looking up into her eyes.
“Done, what do you mean?” She asked as if the question had never occurred to her.
“Done about this, how can I get you back, how can I get you all back and make that man whom did this burn.” Francis did not like that new timbre that had crept into his voice, but he still embraced it.
“Nothing, nothing can be done. We’re cursed Frat,” her reply came softly as if she spoke to a child. 
The last time she had seen him he had been nothing but a child. He had left a child, but he knew now that he had come back a man.
“I don’t accept that. Something must be possible even if it’s to give you rest. I will not accept that.” He stood, slowly and extended one hand to Mouse as if he could help her up. That hand withdrew when she smiled up at him and shook her head.
“I don’t know Francis, I really don’t but now that you are here you can move around. You can leave here and find out why we died and why the rulers did this to us. We need to know on what altar our lives were sacrificed and if there was a purpose.”
“A purpose, a purpose for killing you all?” He paused and looked around, nodding as his surveying of the ghosts told him that the majority were women with some children among them. 
The men would have fought, trying to defend their loved ones and in actuality had spared themselves the horror that DaThoul had envisaged for their mothers, sisters and daughters.	
“There can be no purpose for such an act, there can be no forgiveness for such cruelty and no mercy for its perpetrator,” his voice came out a soft and furious hiss.
“What do you suggest, you can’t exactly raise us all from the legions of the ebon halls,” Mouse looked alarmed by his building anger though not out of fear for herself.
“I will find out what I can do and then I will return our vengeance to DaThoul. I will see him bleed for what he’s done and I’ll hear him scream.”
“They’ll kill you,” Mouse’s words came with that same lack of passion, a flatness of tone that differed from the tight squeeze Kathleen gave his shoulder.
“We will see, in the meantime we need shelter and somewhere to sleep the night. In the morning, we will discuss our plans of action.”
“You will have difficulty seeing us during the day Francis, though we will be able to speak still,” Mouse said softly.
“As long as we can communicate Mouse. Is my old room still habitable?” 
Mouse looked somewhat offended by the idea that he would sleep in his old room and shook her head. Francis could not help but notice how her spectral braids moved almost as if they and she were solid rather than ghostly.
“Francis, you’re the lord of this land. You are the last living member of the DeVoran family. You should have the proper room.”
The very thought of sleeping in his parents’ chamber caused him to squeeze his eyes shut. “Mouse, I left you’ve been here all this time and you’re the oldest. These are your lands and you’re the ruler. You might be dead but then so are the people, that doesn’t seem to be presenting too much of a problem to you.”
Mouse seemed to take this in and for a moment he thought she was going to argue but she subsided. “Yes, your old room is available and we’ll discuss the issue of inheritance later. Do you have a plan to put us to rest?” 
At that point Francis did not really have a plan, but he soon intended to have on and if that involve killing everyone involved in damning his family then so much the better. However, the events of the last few hours and the fact that dawn already started to impinge on the night’s sky reminded him how long he had been going. They had worked a full day and then had to go on the run, for all this time the three of them had been pushing themselves and asking more of their bodies though as tiredness caught up with them Francis knew that their bodies had nothing more to give. The events of the night might have been staggering and Francis’s brain still reeled but they needed rest and soon. “We just need sleep Mouse, we’ll speak when we’ve rested.”
“You want to sleep here.” Vittar groaned, though he had calmed down somewhat he still looked as if he would prefer to be almost anywhere but here. That anywhere did not include the torture chambers of the Emperor.
“We’re safe here Vittar, we’re among family.” 
Even as Francis trailed into the family castle a glance back told him that Vittar did not seem convinced.
The family castle, which had been called a castle out of generosity for what looked more like a large keep with a single wall that ran the entire circumference of a building, a hard shell holding a softer building within. Once it had towers, though two of those towers now had collapsed down to the ground and the tall wall had been torn through all the way to the ground in one place with almost methodical smoothness exposing the deeper shadow of inner buildings and what had been the family home and last-ditch shelter of a community. Once the softer innards of the building had been exposed the fight would have been short and brutal, quarter would have been asked for but none had been given. As a child, he had looked out over the lands on those walls, his tutor had said that all that he could see belonged to his family and his father had worked not only to improve his own wealth but to make the largely agricultural towns around Silven flourish. Roads had been built and then towers to help food be sold to faraway lands.
Now all that had been burned away, destroyed by a monarch who did not care and so many lives lost to serve a cause that had no meaning.
What could one do when the state that they had believed in for so long, showed their respect to for so long turned out rapacious and cruel. He stood powerless before a beast that consumed all around it, never giving and always taking from the very people that it should be protecting.
He had to think and to think he needed a clear head, Francis trudged into his old home, trying to ignore the memories that filtered back with each step and focusing entirely on his room.

Chapter 7
Like the castle, the town and the people Francis found his old room to be little more than a gutted ruin with a vast four poster bed that had managed to largely survive the predations of fire, water and time. The bedding had long since succumbed and turned into that unidentifiable black and tattered pile of ruined fabric and even after all this time still smelled strongly of damp ashes. That odour stirred memories of long lost days. His eye caught a hanging now faded and decayed but still evoked a strange sense of familiarity as if Francis had been another person for so long that he now had to rediscover more about the stranger from over a decade away, a mental journey not of distance but of time’s vast chasms.
Francis got out his bedroll and rolled it out in a corner and then curling up in the hope of oncoming sleep that seemed elusive even though he and Kathleen were now safe for the first time that night. 	At first, he thought that slumber would not come easily, but when it came it came in such an all-consuming way that almost a few minutes after his head hit his backpack he fell into a deep slumber.	
Even as he slept the hand holding the shard refused to relax and instead clutched the fragment of the wing to his chest as if he had grown possessive of it or perhaps vice versa. The voice stirred Francis from his dreamless sleep, causing him to stir in his bedroll.
“Francis DeVoran,” at first the small part of him aware thought that perhaps Kathleen had come to join him and perhaps might even curl up beside him in the bedroll. A smile touched his lips and he extended one arm to draw her warm body close to him.
His hand met bare skin and he found it slapped away firmly.
“How dare you touch me,” a female voice snapped with more than a suggestion of haughtiness. Though he had thought it Kathleen at first, certain factors within the voice suggested otherwise.
When he awoke and sat up he had to shake his head to confirm that he really had woke up. Instead of the blackened ruin of a child’s room he lay on the pure soft fabric within a larger chamber, sunlight streamed in through a vast open archway muted only by a thin and diaphanous hanging of purple silk. Everywhere that he looked the walls seemed to be coated with decorations of marble mingled in fetching arrangements with a honey coloured translucent stone. He had seen highly decorated rooms before but this chamber gave the impression that the architect had abhorred a space without some form of detailed carving or silken hanging, even silver had been used in places to show off wealth and power, if not taste. 
The centre of the chamber held a bed, but the kind of bed that existed on the other end of the continuum of beds that Francis had ever known. He had slept in a pallet that would have been used to highlight the word ‘basic’ where this bed looked not only huge but also circular and covered in fine purple silk. But that silk felt real under his skin.
He had company on the bed, company that glared at him with enough affront to suggest that he had already committed a severe sin. The woman glaring at him looked about the same age as him and the similarity ended there. She looked small, so petite in fact that her personality seemed larger than her. Her hair fell in ebon waves around a heart shaped pale face that played host to almond shaped eyes so dark that they looked deep enough to drown in. Her exotic look only complimented the white silk that wrapped a slender frame. Her skirt looked long, trimmed in peacock blue and silver while the matching top left her shoulders and long neck bare apart from the cold embrace of a necklace of pure gold but for an arrangement of deep blue stones.
“What, where am I,” Francis never felt at his best first thing in the morning but waking up in a strange bedroom with the stranger whom owned it glaring at him did a lot to clear his head.
“You’re in my private chambers,” her reply came dripping with acid and accusation. 
“How, I fell asleep in my room.” Normally Francis might have wanted to shake the sleep from his head but sat there he almost wondered if perhaps doing so would dispel the fragile dream of this strange woman and her bedchamber.
“Yes, I know,” she replied, folding her arms before her chest and glaring.
“What…how come I’m here then. I mean if I fell asleep in my room why am I suddenly in yours.”
Francis found himself grinding to a halt in front of her glare as it managed to get more venomous. “I called you to speak with you and this is where your mind goes,” her voice contained little sympathy for his befuddled state.
“Oh…your bedroom.” Francis blushed for a moment before his thoughts caught up with his embarrassment. “Wait a moment. How did you call me to speak?”
She gave him a look; the kind of look a young woman gives a man after he had said something that reduced her opinion of him to somewhere below ‘insect’ and possibly above ‘dust mote’. 
“I made contact with your mind through the shard and instead of putting us somewhere we can talk your libidinous instincts have put us in my bedchamber,” her voice crackled with raw anger.
“I’m sorry I thought you were someone else when you woke me up.” He did not want to carry on to the kind of feelings caused in him and instead just shrugged and presented her with an apologetic smile.
“You’re not awake, you are asleep only I’m entering your dreams which are by the way rather more driven by male emotions than I’d like,” she replied rather primly, arranging her skirt to cover as much as possible
“I’m a teenage male, I’m sorry. If I had known someone was going to pop into one of my dreams I might have tidied my mind up.” Francis replied with the slowing tone of someone who is just realising what they have just said.
“Well, could you keep it neater please. Or at least keep your instincts in line.”
Francis dipped his head a little. “How are you in my dreams or should I rephrase that to why are you in my dreams. I mean you being obviously noble I would have thought that the dreams of a teenage farm boy would be the last place I would look.”
“You are not a farm boy Francis, you are a noble bereft of land and missing of the rightful inheritance,” she declared. Later Francis would remind himself of how she had said that as if his nobility gave him worth.
To Francis it had always seemed an amusing idea that a prince or noble might be cast out of his lands and have to restore his power and rightful inheritance. When the players had performed a play called bitter harvest two years ago the story had seemed preposterous to him. That play had not involved ghost towns or imaginary girls that wore very little. Seeing the play had made him want to laugh, living something even stranger had none of the humour. Given that the players were shut down within months suggested someone else had not got the joke either.
She drew herself up, carrying herself with much more dignity than her height would normally allow. “I have called you because I have decided you are worthy.”
Of all the words that had been cast Francis’s way, worthy had been a rare one and he looked up at the woman whom sat with considerable dignity considering she rested on a bed. “Worthy, worthy of what?”
“I am the princess Jamiliah Farrehd and I called you here so that we can discuss your destiny,” she spoke with all the confidence of someone whom not only expected instant recognition but some gesture of obedience as well.
Francis got to one knee, it seemed the right thing to do though try as he might he could not recall ever hearing about this princess. For now, he held his silence, asking a royal where they were from did not seem to him the wisest course of action.
“Now, I have heard of your trials Francis and I believe that I can aid you,” she carried on sitting herself straight with the bearing only generations of breeding can ingrain.
“Aid me?” He echoed, he might have said more but for another of those looks slicing into his confidence.
“Indeed, I can aid you but first I need you to complete a quest for me.” 
“A quest, I’m no hero, I’m not even a warrior.”
Her silence came as a reply, her expression changing from one of arrogance to one of complete shock. “You slew three armoured men. You are on the run from a corrupt and evil monarch. You sound like a hero to me. Are you telling me that this is not so and that I am in the hand of nothing more than a farmer. Whom might dream of knighthood without the means to be one?”
He glanced at his hands and then realisation came like a knife from the shadows. The comment blurted out before he had a chance to phrase it properly. “You’re the snake.”
By the narrowing of her eyes he knew that he could have said things with a lot more elegance but finally she nodded. “I am the spirit contained within the Staff of Ryak, the same staff that you now hold part of and I believe that we can help each other.”
“A staff, it’s part of a staff, that explains a lot but what happened with the soldiers,” Francis glanced down at his hand in which the fragment seemed to have taken up permanent residence. 
“They wanted to rape your friend, I could not allow that to happen. I showed a little of my power through you.” As she spoke her voice took on a strange tone, the kind of tone born not of hysteria but a cold and focused fury that more than troubled him, it worried him deeply.
“You saved our lives and in doing so…damned us. They were DaThoul’s men.”
His words got more of a reaction than he expected, if she had been worrying before she smouldered with such incandescent rage that he wanted to stand to back away from her to a safe distance, a good hundred or so miles away would have made him feel better just in case her fury burned him alive.
“Kelthan DaThoul, you killed three of his men then you are indeed a hero. He tried to use me, the staff to do his will. He thought he could bind me, ME to be a servant of his,” her words abated but her fury did not as her hands clenched into fists. In that moment Francis wondered just what kind of queen she would have made he could quite easily imagine her screaming for the guards and then commanding the execution of someone whom angered her. In that moment, she seemed more than human and instead a monarch of ice and stone willing to dispense death and her idea of justice without pity or mercy.
What mercy did Kelthan DaThoul deserve, many of those that were working for him might have been just doing their work, keeping a roof over their heads and making sure their families were fed. Kelthan on the other hand had been throwing the youth of the empire into a senseless war and not even guaranteeing the safety of his people from his own forces.	 
“What did he make you do?” Francis asked, though suspicions were already creeping into his thoughts.
“He has always wanted anima, undead servants whom look like the living and are used within the Empire of Shel. He used me when I was whole and his sorceress commanded me to turn all of the women within a town into slaves and the men into soldiers. No doubt next he would have expanded this to creating armies of the already dead.” Each word came out dripping with affront and shivering with anger. She looked ready to strike down the world if it contradicted her or even worse if it did not acknowledge her innate superiority.
“What was the name of the town?” He slid the question in, giving her time for the swelling anger to abate before pushing on.
“The town I turned into a community of the dead, I thought you would have the intelligence to realise that,” just two words and a suggestion of lack of brains. In reply, he nodded to her.
She had done this, she had killed all his people and turned those that Kelthan DaThoul had dictated into spirits. But then, even when a bolter throws a small pellet of energy at a victim that tears through them, the bolter does not carry the blame, but instead the person using the weapon does.
Before him sat not the true perpetrator of what had happened to his people, his town but the tool through which it had been done. He wanted to leap up, to grip the woman by the shoulders and demand that she reverse what had happened but grim reality kept him in place. If she had done this and if she had killed soldiers with a touch then letting his anger rule would get him killed.
Kelthan DaThoul had killed thousands of his own for what, for an experiment of some form and to make the slaves that he could not buy from El Cor. Perhaps he had thought he could start selling them to fund his war. A good slave could go for enough gold to pay for a good many soldiers. For decades, the DaThoul family had been cannibalising the land, stripping Atiria of its resources. Now Kelthan had reached the point of doing the same to the people.
“They tried to do that and failed, though they could not animate the bodies of the dead they could preserve them and bind the spirits to the proximity of the bodies but they failed while damning people to this existence.” She interlaced her fingers before her while speaking, anger now existing as a vibrating thread within her voice.
“Can you reverse it?” He tried to keep his voice neutral but failed.
“No, not as I am but I could if you reunite me. You carry a fragment with you. When they tried to abuse my power, I turned my magics on the one whom wielded me, taking her eyes from her skull. I also struck at the mind of DaThoul but he survived.”
“You had the power to curse an entire town, to turn the people into spirits and blight the land but you do not have the power to undo the damage you did, how can this be?”  Francis tried not to dwell on the ‘taking her eyes from her skull, his imagination refused to even go there.
She flushed in anger and her eyes narrowed, turning into cold and furious slits and when she spoke the words were spat out. “When they used me, I shattered the staff so that they would never use me for that kind of thing again. I broke myself up and scattered the pieces across the land. I could not heal the people as I am but in the right hands and with the right wielder I could return the undead to life once more.”
“So, if I gathered all of the fragments together.”
“Then, when whole I could undo what has been done. That is the quest I wanted to give you and the reward for doing it. Will you take on this quest?”
“Then why did you not refuse, you speak as if the power is yours.”
She shook her head firmly, “I cannot wield any power myself other than through the wielder. In the case of the fragment you wield you are the person controlling the energies; I am but their source.”
“But you were able to lash out at the wielders the last time.”
“I acted through the repressed wishes of my wielder and the emperor. Whatever binding had been placed on me, it seemed I have a little leeway to interpret orders. I cannot initiate anything so powerful by myself. I merely bent the rules to prevent me being used in such a way again.”
“What did you say you did to the sorceress?”
“I blinded her, I destroyed her eyes.”
“Are you telling me that she wished to be blind? I cannot comprehend that for a moment.” 
The smile on the woman’s lips grew cold and chilling for a moment. “She wished second sight and wanted to use me to gain it. I allowed that by removing her first sight.”
Francis felt a chill slide down his spine and briefly he could almost feel sympathy for the sorceress to rise in him until he reminded himself what the sorceress did to his hometown.	Francis lowered his head, so DaThoul had done this. He had killed his people and doomed the rest, he had served his own will over the needs of those that relied on him. Francis raised the hand holding the flechette until the glint of sharp metal shone but a few scant inches from his eyes and said just three words. “I want vengeance.”
The fire in his eyes seemed to light something within her and the smile that blossomed on her face seemed to somehow lessen her beauty, casting an ominous shadow across it. “So, do I. You will be my knight and I will be your weapon. Wield me and make them suffer. You can go.” 
Francis’s face flushed with anger at being so summarily dismissed and he almost spoke up in outrage at the arrogance of this spirit. She had given him the means through which to not only hunt down the killers of his family but also to return them all to life, could it be that the Howling would be replaced by Silven and his sister could rule. The thought brought a cool smile to his lips even through the original flash of anger at her rudeness. He closed his eyes, concentrating on the events of the last hour.
There were few words for the unadulterated drive for revenge within the local language, most of which might mention fire and fury but they seemed inconsequential compared to the incandescent and utter drive to spill the blood of those that hurt his family. The anger immolated boyhood wishes, burning them away, before they were shed in the form of blackened ashes. Like iron ore exposed to heat, the impurities and lesser materials dissolved away, forging the spirit of the boy into something colder and harder. When he opened his eyes the boy that Kathleen had dragged whimpering and terrified to this place had largely gone. In his place was a young man, a man holding a shard of an artefact that blazed in his hand with a white and brilliant flame that threatened the sight like peeking into the deepest and brightest heart of a star. Now he knew what to do.

Chapter 8
Grand Marshall Malin did not know what to do and he really, really wanted to be somewhere else, anywhere else would have in fact suited him including being in the thick of battle with people trying to end his life with steel and sorcery. At least those were foes he could deal with.
Grand Mage Sharrath might have taken offence at the word ‘foe’ since technically they both served the same man but that did little to lessen Malin’s misgivings.
Some might have suggested that he just did not trust Sharrath but they would have missed the mark, mistrust did not come even close to the mixture of agonising dread and yet a deep-seated attraction that he held for the woman. 
Malin had to wonder just when his life had taken this path. There had been a time when he had been idealistic, he had believed that he fought for the good of the country and struggled in wars to protect a way of life that somehow seemed greater and much more important than just the concerns of one man. Back then it had all seemed to be logical, that his life be in the service of his country for which he fought, lived and even would have died. 
Some people say that rank has privileges but he had found that as he climbed the greasy pole, a pole made much easier by the attrition of war and royal paranoia, the orders he had to follow steadily became darker and less worthy. Forty years ago, he had been idealistic and keen, just the sort the army liked, while preparing himself for Sharrath’s ritual he wanted to reach back, to somehow warn that young man that all his heroism and all his pain and blood had bought power but power with a dark source that would corrupt his life work into an artifice of evil, a life of dark steel and cold blood. 
Sharrath strode past him, her dress shifting to reveal pale skin and he kept his eyes lowered when he felt that she had looked back at him and smiled. 
Sharrath called the large chamber underneath the palace as her ‘workroom’ a pale description for an entire chamber filled with the unnatural and even though many guards lined the single spiral corridor that worked a way down into this ‘nexus’ he doubted that any prospective thief or rebel would dare come down.   When she had told Kelthan that this room would sit in the middle of a large nexus of what she called ‘dragon paths’ the Emperor had jumped at the chance of dooming a good number slaves to dig down into it. They had hollowed out a natural cavern, plating the huge dome like chamber with marble and finishing it under the close direction of the mage. Even as he glanced up the building vortex of magical energies caused spider lightning to crawl up the walls towards the single crystal gem that decorated the epicentre and extended down towards the supple form of the sorceress.
No matter how much he disliked being in this chamber with the strange energies that seemed to ripple between six pillars of crystal with discordant and strange sounds of hollow ringing he doubted that he liked it less than the six prisoners, three men and three women that had been dragged down here. Prisoners were sometimes used for this purpose, either to fuel the magica that she wielded or possibly just as food for whatever had been summoned.
He would have been happier if he had just taken the prisoners out and hung them, at least then they would have proper and swift deaths rather than being subject to what Sharrath had planned for them at least then they would be certain of rest, some of the times Sharrath’s work did not result in death even though the people involved often wished that it had.
The prisoners fidgeted and shifted, pulling against the shackles that put them in a row rather like the different portions of food put out in a buffet. This kind of killing always bothered Malin, while he had fought for the royal family for decades and spent his time killing armed men there had always been that element of risk involved and the people he had killed had a chance even if that chance involved turning and running just as fast as they could manage. Each of these people might have been sentenced to death by the legal system of the state but the stories that Malin had heard involved the death sentence being more and more easily obtained.
There had been times as he had been climbing the ranks where calls had been made for him to soil the warrior code that his father had tried to beat into him, he had expected as much often the higher the rank the lesser the morals. 
Malin had more than just doubts about what they were going to do but life within the empire had long since taught him that survival could be best maintained by not only keeping his head down and doing what they told him to do but also never voicing how the policies and actions of the military made him feel.
Sharrath looked at him, the voids where her eyes were seeming to penetrate the veil of the flesh and into his soul, a sensation which caused a shiver to slide down his spine.  Once again, he wondered if she played with him just as she played with others and found his reaction to her amusing.
She stood in the centre of the crystal spires, the magic she wrought so weighty and powerful that the very air warped and rippled with all manner of different lights and shades while complicated formations of shimmering metallic crystals formed in the air to settle on the marble floor. Each of the crystals carrying with it a single tone even as it dissolved onto one of the spires like snow against a damp stone wall. 
Once he had heard Sharrath call them dweomer flakes, she had described them as a by-product of run off magical energy while she had trailed one hand down his arm. Part of the purpose of the chamber and the crystal spires involved collecting the energy that they contained rather than letting it go to waste. Her habit of physical contact had gone a long way to teaching him a great deal about magic, especially since he worked hard to listen to what she was saying rather than what she did with her hands. With each of those crystals the energy within the spires seemed to grow, their substance growing brighter and brighter until he could barely look directly at them like six burning holes carved through the universe into the deepest and most furious of furnaces. The forces she manipulated could burn through the thick walls of the castle and yet she balanced them on the fulcrum of this chamber allowing her to exert her will almost like a carefully balanced weight in the right place. One moment of inattention, one stray thought and the sorcery would break loose. Despite the risk to him Malin almost found himself hoping that there would be some kind of blowback, just enough to stop her while not enough to turn the whole chamber into a magical furnace.
Sharrath had chosen a new outfit for this, one that would have sent the impulses racing in most men. She wore what looked like a backless dress that tied up around her neck and clung to her frame perfectly at the bodice while slits let her legs show all the way up to her thighs. The outfit would have caught his eye if another woman had worn it but in this case, it managed to somehow drive people further away almost as if the suggestion of flesh made her even more frightening.  As she raised her arms above her head the skirt flurried in a storm only partially physical and filled with all manner of shifting shapes and angles that though Malin knew he would love to forget he would no doubt carry the tortured faces and slithering creatures to his dying day impressed into the fabric of his mind. Apart from him only Sharrath would have perceived the darker shadows, the howling darknesses and suggestions of faces that existed in that awful none place. He doubted though that she allowed herself to be troubled.
“I will need the prisoners brought closer,” her voice was soft, appealing and dreadful in its own way, it carried around the chamber and Malin waved the few of his men to drag the prisoners forward. Normally he would have done the deed himself but he doubted that he could take another step forward and into that shifting maelstrom of magical energy.
Within the privacy of his mind, which he doubted at times had any real privacy near Sharrath, he cursed his own cowardice for no force could have made him come closer to that awful mystical rent in the world. Magic had always had this effect on him, freezing him in the most extreme cases or more often causing that feeling of clutching within his stomach. While bolters and flame rods used magic, they were devices and reliable, here he could not help but reflect that something could happen and the energies Sharrath controlled with nothing more than her will would shred them all or even worse something other than the being she called to would emerge and then they would be fighting for their lives or even their souls and minds.
The look Sharrath gave him could only be described as unreadable, or it might have been readable had she not been controlling the building energies and she possessed eyes to betray feeling rather than those chill inducing voids.  She looked comfortable within that vortex despite wielding forces that could have torn her apart within seconds. Though Sharrath disturbed him with her constant habit of touching and her smiles, he could not doubt the woman’s bravery or her drive. 
She stepped to one side as the pillars pulsed all at once, for a moment blanking out the light in the chamber and replacing it with something eye searing and pure in its brilliance. Only when the after images lingered on the eye did Malin catch outlines and images of creatures, creatures that were not only none human but so alien that Malin hoped he would never meet them face to face, or face to disjointed warped thing.
The centre of the chamber played host to a hole, a hole that seemed to extend into dimensions that only mages could probably perceive in the entirety.  Malin saw more than he wanted to see, more than a normal person should for though he had kept his sight a secret he suspected that Sharrath had worked out what he knew, or what he did not want to know.
The thing that came through turned Malin’s stomach, not only did it possess six limbs and move on them all but its pale grey skin seemed to ripple and change with the movements of hundreds of tiny scales that glistened like a slick of oil on water. The head, if it could be called such sat on a short neck and articulated all the way around. Three great eyes, two on the sides and one on the top of the head looked like a combination of many tiny six-sided shapes pressed together but also seemed to have great and heavy lids that slicked down over them. The jaw seemed to look like a three-sided claw that clenched together before parting to let out a scream, a scream that sounded almost like the dying sounds of a horse when the animal’s guts had been torn asunder. Each of the long spidery limbs of the thing terminated with a mixture between a foot and a hand but with two fingers opposed by a third, each finger looking long and surprisingly human. When the entity moved the muscles that shifted beneath the pale skin looked even stranger, bands and shifting cords that interlocked throughout the barrel shaped body which made the skin look almost as if it were held together by strange wires which pulled the limbs of the entity like some sickening puppet. When it reared up on those long hind limbs it stood almost three times the height of the sorceress that had called it.
Sharrath waved slowly towards the prisoners who all stood with eyes wide in terror, frozen as they stared on their deaths.  The next few minutes only reinforced Malin’s fear of sorcery as the entity reached out with spidery limbs, wrapping a prisoner’s head within the three fingered hands as the victims screamed, those screams blended and seemed to go upwards in pitch and horror until finally each one ceased. In moments, the victim grew still and the entity cast them aside. Each one had a final look of utter horror on his or her face that made Malin want to turn and flee rather than be party to this. In just a handful of seconds six people were killed, drained of something and then discarded by this alien and awful entity that stood over their corpses. While it remained still, digesting whatever it had taken from them the scales across the creature’s broad back shifted to form into the faces of the six people it had just consumed and Malin could almost hear their screams once more, frozen on the writhing visages that soon faded from the stalker, their personalities and memories no doubt absorbed into that strangely amorphous mass of wire like muscle. 
Sharrath had told him at one point that the stalker could absorb the knowledge of the people it consumed, taking on some of their traits and in certain circumstances even taking on their shapes to impersonate them.
Once fed the creature stalked back to stand in front of Sharrath, its height and bulk dwarfing her slender frame and even topping the crystal pillars. No words passed between them, in fact words might have been reassuring rather than the strange silence. After a few moments, the entity broke for the door, not quite running but moving with a strange loping movement that came of surprisingly long jumps and agile landings. 
In moments, the creature had gone about its mission and would be hunting the young boy down.
Not for the first time Malin found it within his heart to feel sorry for him, no one deserved whatever the woman had unleashed on him.

Chapter 9
Francis rose early, the narrow beam of sunlight from the window had already blazed its way down his wall and pooled now on the stained and rotted rug.
It had all happened with such speed that Francis had to take a moment to just understand what had fully happened to him. This time yesterday he had been a farmer, a respectable man with prospects, though those prospects had involved farming followed by fighting and probably followed by fertilising. 
That had been before he had found the artefact and then killed two men. By now in less than a day his farm would have been claimed and his possessions, meagre as they were, would have been taken and probably destroyed. His life had been uprooted and in the space of a short time he had become a criminal for the crime of trying to look after Kathleen. Then while running as a fugitive he had found that his state, the country that his family had considered home had become criminal. Yes, he had killed but the people that ran the country had been killing and killing, using the people for their own purposes.
All this had happened to him and if the day had run over once more he would not have altered a thing, he would have still killed the guards and he would still have decided on this course of action.
Now his course lay clear before him. He had to find the staff, reverse the curse and in the meantime, take his vengeance on the state that had wronged him, wronged his family and wronged his people even more.
He took a moment to straighten his clothes, as tattered as they were and slid the snake into his tunic before heading downstairs.
There had been a time when the great hall of the DeVoran family had heard the shouts and bellows of scores of voices, hundreds at times. Now, the hall knew only silence but for his footsteps. It had been a great fireplace, which at one time and in the faintest of Francis’s memories that place had roared and filled the entire hall with warmth, that fireplace now laid unused, the heart of the chamber cold and silent. The staircase had once been grand, with marble lined stairs leading down in a semi-circle pattern to the centre of one wall and from an equally grand balcony. They were the kind of stairs that are designed for making an entrance so that his father and all the others of his family down the line of history could enter with almost every eye on them, it did not take much of an effort of imagination for Francis to imagine the staircase lined with trumpeters delivering a fanfare though the oppressive gloom of the ruined castle soon obliterated any illusions.
Wall hangings had passed into the realm of decay, so much so that their markings were lost except to the memory of the dead. The large oaken doors that had seemed impregnable to a child now lay on the floor, shattered and in places so blackened by flame that sections of the wood had been burned through and long since succumbed to the slow decay wrought by time’s patient hand. In places, the long tables had been turned over to form impromptu barricades to the invading forces and in places a mummified darker patch of shadows revealed a human figure left behind by the ones that had killed them. 
The invasion must have been brutal; the defenders crushed mercilessly before the survivors and unarmed were gathered up and used. Francis closed his eyes as he stepped onto the cracked flagstones, letting his ears do their job for a moment. During the day, the Howling seemed blanketed by stillness; a lack of sound so total and absolute that he even felt a little like an intruder on hallowed ground or an intruder within his own family’s ancestral home. 
Mouse stood within the shadows, her form outlined in that slightly glowing and spectral presence. When she saw Francis, a light smile touched her lips and she swept forward towards him.
“Hello Frat,” she breathed, her voice like her presence weaker during daylight.
“I thought you said that you would be invisible during the day,” Francis replied, if she had been flesh he would have held her or at least touched her shoulder.
Even with all this evidence from his past it would have been nice just to hold his sister once more.
“In daylight Frat, if I go outside I vanish. Here in the shadows I can be seen, especially if you know what you’re looking for.”
Francis nodded slightly and stepped over towards the doorway. “They really destroyed this place.”
“When they broke the door down they stormed in with fire lances and death wands. The others have told me that they were overwhelmed quickly,” Mouse replied, her voice sounding empty of emotion. She drifted after him, her legs not moving as if she moved on a platform mounted with wheels.
Kelthan’s forces had probably come in such numbers that a little town would not have stood a chance. “How many of there are you err…ghosts.” 
Mouse shimmered as she passed through a dusty ray of sunlight, part of her body vanishing until she moved back into the comfortable darkness. “About a thousand Francis, that’s not counting the wolves that got caught up in the spell effect from the staff.”
“What happened, describe it,” 
Mouse looked at him, frowning slightly but sighed. “Mother told me to take you to the edge of town so that our uncle could collect you.”
Francis glanced her way, something had been niggling about the situation. “Why a farm, our uncle must have had some money considering our parents.”  
“To hide you,”
To hide him, the words washed over him like a grim tide of guilt. The only parents he remembered had grown up trying to scratch a life out of the soil to keep him concealed from the criminal state and they had died of the hard life of peasantry. His hands clenched with that grim realisation until the muscles of his arms bunched and his shoulders tautened.
“We have many foul deeds to wash away,” he had not even intended to say the words but they came out softly.
“What do you mean, all you can do is find a way to put us to rest Frat. It’s not as if we can come back to life again. We’re dead and dust,” again as she spoke the words were flat as if the peace of the grave would be her only release from the cursed half-life she and her people had been imbued with.
Francis slid his hand into his tunic and pulled the shard free, the energies within glittered coldly for a moment in reflected sunlight, like something without mercy or softness. “I believe that you can be cured Mouse, that you and all the others can be brought back using the artefact that cursed you.”
Mouse’s eyes widened with recognition and the ghost looked frightened for the first time, Francis found a distant part of him wondering what could terrify a ghost. “The staff of Ryak.”
“A piece of it, it started the chain of events which led to me being here. I found this in the farmlands Mouse. I think in some way it came looking for me or at least someone that could use it.”
“Use it. What do you mean?” Mouse backed away sharply, even in undeath the object that had cursed her held terrors.
“It…she says that the damage can be undone Mouse and if I go to find the rest of the staff we can do something.”
“Why, what does it or she want?”
Francis paused, the same question had bothered him but the truth carried its own sickly clarity. “The same thing that we want Mouse, it wants revenge.”
Mouse looked at him, the kind of look that made him feel a little uncomfortable. When she spoke that flatness of her voice had gone, replaced by something else. “Revenge?”
“Yes Mouse, revenge. I want to make the monarch and his people bleed for what they did to you,” he snarled the words, feeling the heat rise in his chest and his cheeks flush. They had taken so much from them all that someone had to suffer.
Kathleen’s voice rung out from the staircase even in her normal clothing somehow her natural bearing made her look as if every eye would have been on her during those events of monarchy, “You know there’s a saying among the priesthood that revenge is the fire which burns hotter and deeper with time. Soon enough it consumes the mind of the avenger and take their humanity.”
Francis could not help himself, snarling in reply while his voice built. “We cannot let this stand, this horror that’s been done to my people.”
“No, I agree,” she replied, stepping off the final step and hugging him gently. “But we cannot just charge in letting vengeance be our guide. There are laws after all and we aren’t just here to punish the guilty.”
 Francis still snarled, the words building in him like intense pressure that had to seek release and when they did they came out hissing like steam. “What else can we do, what court is there that would execute these people. They are the crown, they own the courts.” 
“I know Francis but is revenge really our first intent.”
“Yes…” he paused a moment before adding “No, no we want to cure our people and get them back to life.”
Guilt swelled within him that doing the right thing had come as the second idea that occurred to him. However, the burning flames of his anger were not so easily extinguished. “We have to do something, what if they just come back.”
“Then we’ll work something out. You say the girl in the staff can cure them all,” the slight edge of anger in Kathleen’s voice hardly even registered with Francis whom had focused too much on that in his own.
“Yes, when we get all the pieces together.”
“How many do we need?”
Francis suddenly felt as if he had shrunk to a few inches in height at the question and just how stunningly obvious it should have been. The admission stung almost like venom. “I didn’t ask.”
Kathleen did not press the matter, instead smiling and for that kindness not to press on with his humiliation he grinned apologetically “That’ s fine, ask next time you see her. Just keep a conversation with her brief please.”
“Brief, why brief?”
In response Kathleen rolled her eyes engaging in that private amusement that women seemed to share when a man missed a conversational subtext. “Just, keep it brief please Francis.”
Francis opened his mouth to ask why but shut it again when his eyes met her expression. 
“So, we must find the staff, right I can understand that. Where’s the next piece?” Kathleen followed, glancing at Mouse and smiling warmly. For a moment Francis wondered just how long they had been friends and even felt a stab of jealousy.
“I didn’t ask,” he muttered.
Kathleen gave him another of those looks and Francis folded his arms in front of him. “Well, I didn’t think. I’m not used to girls just appearing in my dreams and charging me with quests. Is anyone used to that kind of thing?”
For such a stealthy man, they heard Vittar’s footsteps long before they saw him, the bulky man strode down the stairs only looking the once at Mouse before his eyes seemed to avoid looking her way again almost as if he intended to fool himself into thinking that she did not exist.
“Sorry Vittar did we wake you?” Asked Kathleen, giving him a bright smile.
“It was the shouting that woke me.” Vittar responded, his eyes flicking from person to person though notably seeming to not pass over Mouse.	
“We should get something to eat and then work out what we have to do. It seems Francis has a plan,” as she spoke Kathleen walked over to where she had dropped her pack the night before and began to take out the wrapped rations before passing them around. The military rations of Atiria had been designed to keep and keep over weeks, the result being a sort of thick cheese like substance of something unidentifiable which gave the soldier everything he needed to fight in wars, probably inspiring them to steal their enemies rations after they had beaten them.
Unfortunately, the issue of taste probably had not even come up and even as he unwrapped the grease proof paper Francis felt his empty stomach clench. The scent of the block of food assailed his nostrils with suggestion of the fat that comes of pigs when they’re cooked over a spit along with other odours that smelled somewhat less appetising than week old milk.
“A plan, that’s good.” Vittar turned his head to regard Francis before biting into his food block with the kind of relish of someone whom could turn his sense of taste off. 
“Yeah,” Francis winced as Vittar took a huge mouthful and sat happily chewing where he could only nibble at his, taking small bites and swallowing quickly. “Look, how do you just eat that stuff it tastes foul?”
“Melts in the mouth, sets in the stomach. This is better than my cooking.  Anyway, you going to tell us this plan then?” Vittar grunted before biting again and chewing.  
Kathleen seemed to be of a similar mind to Francis, breaking off little bits of her block and swallowing swiftly before the tongue fully understood what was going on.
“It’s simple, we need to go and find something.” Francis replied, cutting out some of the detail for the moment.
“Good, where are we going?” Vittar’s interest seemed to perk up, he probably always had been interested in the process of acquiring items.
“I didn’t ask. I’ll find out tonight,” Francis would have winced if he had not been trying to sound confident.
Vittar paused, the brown food block halfway to his lips and he regarded Francis for a moment while presenting a strange frozen image. “You don’t know where it is?”
“Not as such, not yet no but I know someone who does.”
“Let me get this right, you want to find this important thing but you didn’t bother asking just where we should go. That usually kind of helps finding things you know kid.”
Francis blushed and glanced down at his feet.
“C’mon Vittar, he’s been through a lot last night,” Kathleen chimed in, smiling slightly but not seeming interested in humiliating Francis further. In ‘Bitter harvest’ the hero given the quest did not get this embarrassing treatment and for a moment Francis wanted to protest he quelled that response, showing Vittar that it bothered him would probably make it something he repeated over and over until everyone but him got bored of it.
Vittar set his food block to one side onto a blackened table, using the greaseproof paper to protect the block from the ash though Francis found himself wondering if the flavour of ash would improve that of the ration. “Let me get this straight, you mean that Francis has had a dream about a young, pretty and probably barely clad young woman and now because of that dreams says we should go trailing off looking for this thing, not that we know just how much hunting or even where to begin hunting.”
Francis opened his mouth and his brain desperately hunted around for something witty to say that would shut Vittar up.
“We know that the thing that Francis has is magical Vittar. That magic is probably communicating with Francis.”
Vittar rubbed his chin, making a rasping noise. “But we don’t know that do we. What we need is some old guy that knows everything and speaks in riddles. No offence meant kid but last night we were haunted by ghosts and went to sleep in a place surrounded by the unnatural. I think we’d be better by sneaking out in the cloud of war.” 
“Cloud of war?” Francis asked.
“Yeah, wars are confusing things and a cloud of war means that we can get hidden and sneaking around. We are safe here for now and we can get out when the guards get bored.”
They both nodded, Vittar seemed to know about military things. Well, Vittar seemed to know more than them.
“I’m sorry for interrupting,” said Mouse, her form gliding forward to stand close to Francis. “But the staff did this to us, using it Francis might be able to do something to help us.”
Vittar stiffened as the ghost spoke as if trying to deny what she had said or wrap his mind around her existence. 
“Mouse is right, I think that the staff is speaking to Francis. We do need more information but we can’t stay here forever,” Kathleen said.
“So, we can either save ourselves or help the dead.” Vittar replied, folding his arms in front of him and levelling a cold look Kathleen’s way.
“That seems pretty much where we stand Vittar.” Kathleen replied, her eyes lighting with irritation. Francis had argued with Kathleen the once and learned at that time that doing so did not tend to work. 
“The dead are past help, can’t you just get the goddess to take them in and get them to stop haunting, a sort of ‘get thee to thy grave and don’t come back’ sort of magic?”
“It doesn’t work like that Vittar, they’re cut off from the grace of the goddess. Even if the staff just restores that link then at least they can find peace in the arms of the goddess. If we can bring them back to life then even better.”
Vittar seemed to grudgingly accept that point before asking. “But what’s to stop the army coming back and killing everyone all over again.”
“The staff.” Francis said softly, the sound of his voice causing both to stop and look at him.
“I think my brother means the staff or even the fear of its use should hold the army at bay.” Mouse glanced over at Francis who just nodded slightly. No one commented on the somehow alien glint of coldness that now haunted Francis’s eyes. It might have been a strange emotion in a strange place but somehow Francis had made it seem at home. No one asked if that Francis would reinforce that fear with some demonstrations.
“I don’t like it, it sounds like suicide, or at least a close relative to suicide.” Vittar grumbled.
“It’s our chance to do something right and help people. It’s a chance to save my sister just like she saved me. She could have escaped, she could have run but instead she returned for the people here and tried to do something.” Francis wondered whom had blurted the words out until he realised that it had been him.
“And she told me about you, asking me to bring you back when you were old enough. I was supposed to wait for your shaving but the business with the guards forced my hand.”
It all fit together, he had been saved and they had waited until he was ready. Every child dreams of themselves being special but when Francis found out about his real past there were duties to discharge and deeds to be done.
“They’re dead, it’s not as if we can do much about the dead.” Vittar spoke but his voice contained that slightly wheedling tone that comes when a person is losing.
“Helping the dead is not normally an option but these people have not been naturally killed. The staff did this to them and we can reverse it. There are souls here that need help and it’s our duty to do it.” Kathleen spoke with the absolute assurance of someone whom knew that they believed every single word.
“So that’s it, we find some people in distress and go running off to aid them.” Vittar muttered as if the idea struck him as stupid.
“It’s our duty to help the souls in need,” said Kathleen.
“It’s my family,” Francis added, he had never been used to even having a family but something within him balked at the idea of abandoning the sister he had just discovered.
Vittar leant back slightly and his brows beetled while he thought, Francis wondered if he would stand up and walk out. Neither of them would stop him if he had just left them to it and with some fancy footwork he might have been able to escape any persecution and resume his life. He did not need them but Francis could not help but feel that they would need him in the coming trials and while souls in trouble might not carry much weight for Vittar Francis suspected that he knew what would. “And I’m sure there will be loot involved. We’re talking about remaking an entire city. I’m sure there’ll be all kinds of rewards.”
The blow had been a low one but the glitter in Vittar’s eyes told Francis that it seemed to have struck home. Vittar’s reply came in a low voice, more of a mumble of admission. “Yeah, I guess.” 
“Good, I’ll see if I can get back in conversation with her and hopefully we’ll get more information. When we know we’ll go and get the first piece?”
“And if there’s nothing there?” Vittar replied
“Then if there’s nothing there after a good look we’ll work out another plan.”
Vittar seemed to find this acceptable, or at least he did not voice any misgivings.
“Frat, would it be possible for me to come with you,” Mouse’s voice sounded particularly faint, almost like the soft susurration of leaves and branches in the wind.
“Is that even possible, I mean if you were not bound to the place where you died wouldn’t you be wandering all over the place?” 
“I’m bound to my remains Frat, perhaps they can be brought along with you. I know it’s asking a lot but that way I can help.”
Having a ghost on their side did have some attractions to Francis and that way they might have the advantage of an invisible spy. “What remains of you Mouse?”
“The magics preserved my corpse, there’s an old carriage which is still serviceable perhaps you could use that. Load me in a box or something.”
“Isn’t there another option we’re not taking your corpse around.”
Mouse concentrated for a moment before sighing and her spectral image fluctuated. “I can animate my form and travel with you at night though if I do that I’ll be completely inert during the day. Is that a better option?”
“Don’t take this the wrong way, but if your bodies preserved I think we can all say it would be better than carting your corpse around and seeing you as a ghost. I mean, no offence I like ghost stories but the idea of teaming up with one seems kind of scary.” Vittar muttered, more under his breath though in the silence of the great hall his words rung out almost as if he had shouted them.
Francis looked his way, along with Kathleen and Mouse and Vittar dipped his head almost as if embarrassed and he looked as if he wanted to examine the grey flagstones. Now that the fear of the ghosts had subsided it seemed hard for Vittar to acknowledge that an element remained, even now.
“Can you pass for a normal person using your body?” Francis prompted, partly to let Vittar off the hook of his own humility.
“In the poor light, I imagine I can. I would look pale. I think they wanted their slaves to be able to look normal.”
Francis mulled this over a moment before the question emerged from the depths of his thoughts. “If you could animate your body why haven’t you done it before?”
“We have, to communicate a little with the outside world but the ghost appearances serve to frighten the guards off until we could do something about being cured or released.”
Francis nodded at this, they had spent ages building up the reputation of the Howling and no doubt even the wailing built up the local terror to the point where people stayed away including the guards and monarch.
“Right, well if you’ll take a suggestion Mouse can you ask the people to start rebuilding bits of the town that we’ll need. When we bring the staff back it would be nice to be able to restore the town rather than face a massive rebuilding effort.”
“If you don’t mind me asking Frat but why?”
Francis folded his arms “Two reasons, one when the people return to life we need a functioning town with all the stuff we need to get a town working again but more importantly that staff will probably be sensed by the people that did this. We may need to be ready to fight again and this time we will need to win.”
The look Mouse gave him seemed even more potent in implied fear because of her spectral nature but she nodded and glided through the nearest wall without another word.
Francis glanced around and noted the sudden tension that appeared within Vittar’s and Kathleen’s expression, they had been focused on the goal of completing the staff but Francis knew that if they did not send a message to the monarch then he and his armies would soon converge on them even as they started rebuilding. The freedom that they would win for the people of Silven would be brief as would their lives. They would come for the staff and they would attempt to wrest it from them.
“How do we dissuade them from coming back?” Whispered Kathleen, her voice catching slightly as she looked between the three of them.
“We have to make them bleed, we have to inflict enough wounds on them that they can’t afford to come after us.” Francis replied, narrowing his eyes slightly as he thought about them coming again. They would be stopped dead if somehow his friends and himself could make the conquering of this land too expensive.
“That’s not stopped the emperor before. He would see this as just taking back his land.” Vittar said.
At that moment Francis almost wanted to snap back in anger at the man that had no doubt saved their life but he steadied himself before speaking. “With all the wars going on they will no doubt attempt to send a small force. I doubt that they can rouse a huge army now. If we defeat that force we can either buy time or put off the invasion completely. Or, there’s another way.”
Their expressions told him that they were all listening and Francis breathed in to steady his nerves. How did one express the unthinkable?
“We take the war to them.”
“Are you mad?” Vittar shouted, jumping to his feet with such force that Francis found himself flinching.
“No, what I’m thinking that if the staff had the power to do all this then when we get it we use it as a weapon and a warning. If we can prove that we can inflict serious damage then perhaps they will not attack us again.”
There followed a little silence as they mulled his idea and finally Kathleen nodded slightly, Vittar started rubbing his chin with his thumb once more, his brow creased. “You mean if the emperor looks like he’s going to attack us then we tell him we’ll use the staff to blow him and his army some big holes.”
Vittar’s turn of phrase forced a bit of a smile to touch Francis’s lips and a glance told him that Kathleen seemed to be as amused though that amusement seemed etched with the tension of what they were undertaking.
“So, we can gather together the fragments of the staff together and then hold it over the emperor to defend ourselves.”
The words were hard to find in Francis’s thoughts, he wanted to do more than just use it for defence and craved the ability to lash out at the state and army that had done this and taken this life from him and from Mouse. At first, he had thought he might feel nothing, that he could not miss that which he could not remember but now the fury filled him with something so incandescent in intensity that any guilt that might have made him pause ended up swamped, hidden beneath layer after layer of his righteous indignation.
At the rising of his anger the shard seemed to hum against his chest, almost vibrating as if resonating with those flames he wanted to call down on the emperor and his entire military. He could imagine them now, screaming and begging for mercy and when they were at his feet, bleeding and pleading that mercy would be lacking. They would burn and burn until nothing remained of their repulsive little army.
“Francis, why are you so focused on the offensive?” Kathleen asked, phrasing the question delicately but Francis knew what she really meant.
“Someone needs to be. There’s a saying that the best defence is a good offence. We are going to prove that.” He almost sounded convincing.
“But we don’t overdo it Francis.” Perhaps she had detected that little something about his eyes and expression, Kathleen looked worried for him. Or worried for them, perhaps that fear came from worry that he might overreact. 
His reply built to a yell, just like his fury it did not abate but instead built. Perhaps she had not realised that the boy had decided to put aside things of childhood and become a man. “They took our home from us Kathleen. They killed Mouse, they killed all these people and cursed them. They deserve to burn, they will DIE.”
The echoes of his shouting faded when Kathleen spoke softly. “Yes, they’ve done wrong Francis but it might not be necessary.”
“I’m a man now Kathleen, even without shaving it’s time for me to act like one.”
“A man is not judged by his strength Francis, not entirely.” 
Her words slammed Francis to a halt, deflating his anger and reducing it from a raging inferno to a slow simmer.
Deep within his heart Francis knew that she had struck deep with those words but then he promised himself under his breath, deep down that he would get his revenge. “I’m going to see if I can contact her, perhaps then we can find out where to go.”
As he spoke Francis closed his eyes and closed his hand around the fragment of the staff once more.
“Right to the inferno.” Vittar muttered under his breath.
Show me more about you. Where are you and where are you from. Francis thought, hoping that Jamiliah would hear him on some level and that she might reply. 
Sharply his senses tumbled away, blackness closing in.

Chapter 10
It took a moment for the feeling to come that he stood elsewhere but when it did Francis found himself wishing that Jamiliah had not. He stood on a high balcony overlooking a city that might have once been beautiful but no matter how much white marble had gone into the palace and how many statues and fountains denoted this city it would have been impossible to look good with an invading army pouring through the streets and with smoke billowing with uncontrollable hunger and fervour from so many windows. Out beyond the broken walls the army that now poured in to ravage the burning corpse of what had been a city turned the sands black with pinpoints of flame from torches destined to turn more cities aflame.
A screaming sound filled the air, something massive tearing towards the palace with such violence that Francis ducked behind the low railing as balls of burning wood and oil turned artwork into shattered ruin. Gashing massive black wounds in the Palace’s gleaming white facade. 
“Jamiliah.” He yelled, trying to keep the desperation out of his voice while shouting above the roars or weapons and screams of the dying below. He remained hidden behind the railing as if the slender metal would provide some protection against the awful assault.
“I’m here,” she stepped from behind him, her expression glacially cold and only enhanced by the floor length white dress she wore that somehow seemed even more feminine than her last flimsy outfit even while being more covering.
“What the hell’s going on?” As he spoke the night air became outlined in bright reds and yellows as something smashed into the palace below and exploded with an intensity that for a moment turned night into day.
She stepped to the railing, unmindful almost of the risk to herself. Without thinking he reached out and yanked her down by the arm. When her eyes turned towards him they brimmed with the fury that he had seen before, it looked worse from up close. “You try my patience my knight, you have no right to touch me.”
Francis found himself speechless before that fury but when he gathered his words he tried to use them well. “There are people destroying a city down there and you’re bothered about someone trying to save your life?”
She hesitated, the fury melting like ice in heated water before she looked out past him and knelt so that she could look over the railing. After shaking off his arm she slowly stood. Her voice came as a melancholy whisper, so soft that Francis had to strain to hear it. “This is what happened to my people my knight, this is the past you are seeing and part of what happened so that I would become the staff. I stood here for an hour as my brothers and father died, they fell victim to the Grand Mage of Vishier. Women were not allowed to carry arms, so I waited, hoping that one of the siege bolters would target this tower.”
Francis resisted the temptation to pull her down again. “You wanted death, that’s insane.” 
“Is it, when your entire family is dead and your home is following. Is it really wrong to hope for that final release when your future would be as a slave or less?” She looked at him with large eyes, eyes full of a sorrow so deep and total that Francis found his words choked off. 
“Why are we here?” He shouted, reaching out with his mind and trying to project that boudoir he had first met her in. Their surroundings stubbornly remained that of a battlefield.
“You asked about where I am from my knight. As the bearer, I must follow your direction. This is how I become the staff, this is my death.”
The last sentence caused Francis’s fear to solidify in his stomach. “We have to get out of here, right now.”
“You don’t understand my knight, I have to play this through now.” She touched his shoulder as behind them a crash echoed closer than the sounds below.
“What’s going to happen?” Francis yelled, his eyes roving around wildly for a means of getting out of the small chamber, a quest that came back empty.
“They cannot see you my knight, this is merely a glimpse of history, it is an echo of what had been and you were not part of this past. They will not react to you.” She took a calm step off the balcony and into the building where the barricaded door flexed under the weight of assault. Soon they would be through.
Even the promise of invisibility or even invulnerability could not prevent Francis from wincing as the door exploded inwards. Seething wood fragments whistled past his face and one of them tore the sleeve of Jamiliah’s dress, carving a narrow cut through the skin of her elbow.
“You don’t have to go through this Jamiliah, you don’t need to suffer again.”
She gave him a sorrowful look before slowly walking towards the men that barrelled through the door not as a mess of unorganised movement but with bolters and ready for attack from any direction. The men looked like organised soldiers, more highly trained than those of Atiria.
“You asked to know my knight, I have to follow the order, even if you rescind it. We must follow this through to the end my knight. Remember, if you give me an order through the staff I have to follow it.”  She stepped away from him, moving around a small pile of burning door fragments.
The truth of her words caused bile to sharpen in flavour in the back of Francis’s mouth with her words. He had brought her here and set events in motion that would see this through. Any suffering he inflicted on her would now be purely from his one question.
“Is there no way out of this?” He pleaded, glancing over the burning town.
“No, my knight, nothing I can do.”
“Could you not twist the wording, find some loophole like you did with the mage who killed everyone in my home?”
She smiled sadly and shook her head. “I act as a reflection of the person whom carries me my knight, you are not a duplicitous person and I know you carry everything through to the end. As you do, so must I. The mage Sharrath was more political, she had more of a mind used to scheming, I could use that and did so when I cursed her.”
“Surrender princess and the killing will end.” The leader of the men, a huge man with a hooknose and eyes that glinted with the fervour of a fanatic levelled a bolter of ornate design at her while speaking. His manner and tone suggested that the future would be precisely what he had just demanded as if there would be no other way at all but that he had predicted.
Without a word Jamiliah sank to her knees and extended her arms with the wrists pressed together. The leader nodded to another of his men whom strode out to the balcony to fire a smaller bolter into the air, an air that turned bright purple for several seconds while the leader put shackles on her wrists.
It took several minutes but the roar of siege engines below and the screaming seemed to abate.
The leader slowly helped Jamiliah to her feet, his dark eyes focused on hers. “Princess Jamiliah, my master has ordered that you surrender willingly to what will happen to you and in doing so he promises that your pain and your death will be the coin that purchases the lives of your people. Do you agree to these terms?”
Jamiliah managed to cling onto her dignity as she nodded though Francis suspected she would manage to look dignified even when walking to her own execution.
“So, you did this to spare your people.” He asked, rising and following while being careful not to bump into the warriors whom were oblivious to his presence.
The princess found herself surrounded by armed men and led down the stairs, Francis had to slip between the guards to continue speaking with her.
“Being royalty does not just involve rights my knight. I also had a responsibility. Because my brothers were all dead I had the throne even if the sultan had just trampled it underfoot.”
“Did they keep their word; did they stop killing people?” 
“Yes, they enslaved them but that was considered the gentler alternative to wholesale slaughter. My people lived but at the cost of my life, a worthy trade that prevented opposition to the new regime.” She seemed almost distant, discussing the matter almost as if it involved someone else rather than her own past.
“So, what happens now?”
“They will take me to the high mage and he will kill me, binding my soul to the staff to make a powerful artefact.” 
“Do we need to see it, I mean you can just tell me, can’t you?”
“I’m sorry my knight but as I outlined, this has to be played through.”
“What if I walked away, would you not just be able to end this?” The thought of the young woman being forced to live through the memory made Francis wish that he could just brush the matter away without facing what would be done. Jamiliah’s look gave him the answer without her needing to say a single word.
He could have left, just walked away until the memories reached their conclusion but then he had caused this sequence of events and had called Jamiliah’s soul to recount them. He had not considered that the binding of her soul had made her so susceptible to being ordered by the one carrying her and by doing so would cause her to relive such painful memories.
He cursed himself for his own stupidity; she had told him that the emperor’s mage Sharrath had used the staff against Jamiliah’s will. It made sense looking back that the staff would be forced to follow the orders of the one carrying it even if those orders were against her own will. Anyone making such an item would be foolish to give the soul within much of an option.
A mental note followed to make sure that he took care in giving the staff orders, she would have to follow them no matter how their conclusion warped into something unpleasant. She had said that she had been used to make all his town undead, an order she followed but perhaps they had worded the order badly and instead of being under the control of Sharrath, the undead had been free willed, with acrid realisation it came to Francis, the orders would be completed but with great care, very great care.
They entered a large chamber that looked to have once been a library, only most libraries did not have charred messes for scrolls or have their bookcases piled in one half of the large domed chamber. Above the dome had a huge gash from near its perimeter to the centre where something had struck it. Where there had been silver metal now that metal and glass had been shattered and twisted by heat into blackened, skeletal blades that looked as if the substance of the dome had tensed into claws. White and rose marble had been touched by fire and stained with its passing in places and the lingering scent of ashes lingered within the air.
To call the three men that waited for her in the library such a word as ominous would have been an understatement. Each of them dressed in black, not the black of a certain style but a dusty black of someone so powerful that they did not have to care what they looked like with cloth covering their faces and all that could be seen their eyes, eyes that contained such coldness that they offered little in the line of comfort. Francis had heard a saying that a person could hold murder in their eyes, these three managed to carry murder in the way they stood even with their bodies hidden. Their eyes just seemed like glassy and cool mirrors as if what they were about to do did not touch them, not in a way that mattered.
Francis knew the moment he saw them that their intention contained murder and while they looked over the princess they seemed to be of the intention that she would not leave this place, not upright.
The leader should have been taller than the other two, it seemed somehow wrong to Francis that he stood a full head shorter even though something about him managed to express without need for motion that the others held him in some respect, or more likely a good deal of dread. He motioned once toward what had been a reading table and Francis realised with a chill that slithered down his spine that he intended to use the table for a whole new purpose.
“Look, Jamiliah, you don’t need to do this.” He bleated, hating the quavering weakness within his voice even as it emerged.
She did not answer; instead she lay herself down on the table. Once more Francis wanted to tear himself away from this grim play while knowing that if he did he would leave her alone to go through what happened next alone. Sometimes all a person can do is be there, just to witness and in some small way to sympathise. He finally stepped up beside her and risked a small smile. “I’ll not leave you.” 
For a moment that frosty air that she always kept about her seemed to melt slightly and in the briefest of gaps she even smiled a tiny smile up at him.
The leader stepped forward, drawing off his hood to reveal a face that time had not been kind to, scars marked almost ever feature but not carrying the randomness of scars of combat, instead seeming to have gone into complex arrangements, patterns showing webs and hinting at rune like arrangements that just seemed to highlight the lack of humanity of this man. Only when Francis looked closely at him did he know the truth and it horrified him. The lines on the man’s face were not tattoos or scars but instead delicate lines that roamed under his skin slowly while arranging themselves and changing even as Francis watched.
Like most people in Atiria, Francis had never liked magic to the point of almost a phobia but one form of magic topped all the others for stimulating terror within the people. Whenever there were stories the deathcallers were the worst, the most vicious and vile among all manipulators of the dark arts. Stories said that the deathcallers worked with the magic of the soul and flesh, making the undead and turning gems and jewels into prisons for the human soul. Even the Emperor had nothing to do with deathcallers whose main interest in the human condition involve working at their end.
Legends said that the executives of El Cor were all Necromancers, who worked to turn the dead into slaves for the living. Now Francis found himself staring at the shifting lines over the shaven head of such a mage.
As he looked down on Jamiliah’s form he began to chant, raising his hands which also were marked by the same kind of lines as his face and Francis found that he could only stare at the man while clutching Jamiliah’s hand.
Francis had never felt the presence of magic before, or rather had not been aware of it but it filled the chamber now. He had been aware that some places had an atmosphere, a feeling that permeated them and only rubbed off onto the human mind on some level without bothering the conscious mind at all.
Francis felt as if blade-carrying fingertips slid across his skin, rippling like a lover’s caress but involving the kind of lover that Francis had hoped never to encounter. Slowly that sensation of wrongness seemed fill the chamber like a sickening tide of revulsion and fear, intensifying around the small but powerfully built deathcaller.
One of the deathcaller’s assistants held a small gem above Jamiliah’s mouth amid the chanting and that purple stone began to glow, a glow that grew brighter and brighter with the gathering energies.
Francis wanted to step in front of what he knew would happen soon but then the bitter truth faced him that he witnessed just a replay of events that had probably been centuries ago and he could not interfere with what would happen. The small part of him that had always wanted to be a knight to do brave deeds might have once been able to rescue this woman but the events would carry on with or without him. All he could do, the only difference he could make would be to make sure that he did not leave Jamiliah alone.
“Jamiliah, I…” Francis began.
He never finished his sentence, the deathcaller raising a serrated dagger of ornate design and slicing it down cut off his sentence with the same surety as it cut off her life. The hand that Francis held tensed, growing firm before going completely limp. As the blade slid between the ribs just beneath Jamiliah’s left breast her breath caught and then that breath left her along with the light within her eyes.
Francis stared, sickened as something flowed from the dead woman’s mouth, passing up and into the gem. His stomach lurched as a burly man stepped up and with two brutal strokes of his sword hacked off her head and held it aloft like one might a trophy to a rising cheer from the warriors that had escorted her here.
He saw then a momentary flicker of another scene. A beautiful woman with hair the colour of sand screaming and weeping while she clawed at her eyes, what came from those eyes was not the clear liquid of tears but the sanguine deep colour of blood mingled with liquid of purest white
She threw the staff away from her, striking it against a wall while doing so and the staff exploded in a flare of white utterly brilliant and with light that grated like needles sliding across Francis’s eyes. Four fragments and the major part of the staff scattered, flying from her in different directions and for the first time Francis could feel the direction of each, almost like a gentle tug against his mind from an unseen source.
Instead of knowing exactly where the fragments of the staff were he now could feel the presence of the parts of the artefact.
He opened his eyes.

Chapter 11
Darek hated being a sergeant at arms, in fact he hated the army, the cold days, the armour that did not protect him entirely and seemed to suck the heat right out of him on days like this when the cold wind grated at his face. The weather resembled that throughout much of the empire, with a certain dampness that seemed to permeate everything before becoming a permanent fixture within garments and armour. Being within the military machine of the empire meant at times he forgot just what being dry felt like.
There had been a time when Darek had been someone to watch, he had been rising through the ranks of the military with all the speed of a rising falcon. It looked as if he could do nothing wrong and everything he touched turned to gold and he had been posted to leading the bodyguard of the Emperor, a position with a great deal of trust and only after a little while a large element of danger as well. Little had he known that the main reason the role of the royal guard came up so often involved the prior incumbent being either demoted in disgrace or killed when an assassination attempt had been made on Kelthan who seemed to have more enemies than a dog had fleas. That night only the Bladesbane, the emperor’s defensive artefact had saved his life when an assassin tried to use a high power deathwand against him and Darek had soon found himself hunting rather than guarding, which involved colder conditions and far less pay. Darek had been offered by fate the choice of jumping in front of the Emperor and saving him at the cost of his own life or not doing anything and living. He had not done a thing, frozen to the spot while the Emperor’s strange sword had flared into life, deflecting the tiny charge of energy from the bolter and in that moment Darek knew that he could not be a bodyguard, alas, the Emperor knew that fact as well and his rapid ascent came not only to a stop but reversed until now he found himself commanding men that hardly seemed worthy of that title.
Anyone looking at Darek would probably have not wanted to look twice, not only did he have a certain meaty build that seemed to come as part of a package deal after working within the army but his hair hung in a straggly mass down to his shoulders and somehow gave the indication that it hid something within the oily mess that most clean people would never want to see. Darek had muscles, not the kind of muscles of someone whom exercised to look good but the kind of muscles that came of swinging a sword and axe preferably into the flesh of someone the officers told him were the enemy, though in more recent days the enemy tended to have a much higher incidence of familiar faces.
He looked on his men and then wished that he had not, in the parlance of the empire his men were an elite squad, handpicked for hunting down traitors to the emperor and determined in their assigned task to kill all those that stepped out of line with the monarchy’s latest demands. In reality, his men were not so much the great unwashed but the sort of people that would need to be washed before people would consider them disreputable. He commanded ten men, each one narrow eyed and even more narrow minded whom all seemed to possess the skill of watching each other and everyone around them for any signs of committing treason. Treason carried a whole range of sins within the empire ranging from not wanting to fight or even not being willing to lay one’s life on the line for the monarchy, that came under the name treason as well as speaking out against the emperor and conspiring against the emperor which of course included sedition. Atiria had probably claimed the broadest definitions of being treasonous as anywhere within the world. Darek loved to hear traitors whimper and whine before they were cut apart and their heads taken for the reward, his life after all afforded him so few pleasures.
Carl spat before he strode up to Darek’s horse, since he had started chewing gumweed he had taken up spitting a lot and the gumweed turned his spittle all manner of interesting and loathsome colours. Carl existed to Darek’s mind as a bad example to everyone whom had an ambition above sewer level, though he could track and track very well he had the sort of personal habits that even made hardened warriors shudder. “They’ve headed into the howling sarge,”
Darek looked out at the woods, it made better viewing than looking at Carl’s features. The Howling, the place had a reputation, which involved a lot of whispering among trained warriors. 
It had always surprised Darek intensely just how superstitious soldiers tended to be, especially considering their profession involved going to other places and killing people in large numbers and yet at times they spent a lot of time looking for signs of favour from the gods or signs of disfavour.
He had heard stories about the howling, in fact most people had heard those stories and while his warriors might act brave and fearless he knew for a fact that something about the unnatural turned big and brave men into shivering children.
“The Howling. It looks as if we’ll have to pick their tracks up when they come out,” he uttered the words quietly preferring not to bawl as some none commissioned officers do and had found that saving shouting meant that his men tended to appreciate the urgency more when he did need to raise his voice.
His words caused a sigh of relief to pass among his squad, but then again, he had known that it would. If it had been up to him he would have marched his men in there to find the traitors and get on with the executions and in a perfect world with perfect soldiers it would have been up to him.
Even that little sigh lit another tiny ember of fury within the man’s stomach, these were men to be feared, part of the state’s instrument of applying terror to the disloyal and those accused of disloyalty by their friends and family. These men had no right to be so intimidated by something as simple as ghosts.
He knew what would happen if he did march them on and how useless his men would be, command could often be a compromise between the unacceptable and the barely acceptable.
He turned his horse to look at his squad once more, their rapt expressions telling him that while they were on the scent there were times when the hunter had to wait for the prey. “I want alarm drones placed around the howling and we’ll be ready to ride them down when they come out. I want you guys ready.”
There were nods, some of them probably suspected why he would not march into the howling and some of them made the sign of thanks to Evandra, a tapping of forefinger and thumb behind their backs. Four of his men, without even pausing for further orders rode their steeds off in different directions. His men might have been scum of the world but then he knew he had trained them well and the drones would be set up rapidly and efficiently.
From the orders, he had received the people they were hunting were not only hardened killers but also, they had acquired powerful magic from some place. They sounded so formidable that he did not want to split his men into hunting squads but would rather hunt as a pack and bring them down in the same vein. 
“How much is the reward sarge?” Enquired Vorka, a man built with the qualities of his features that had always set Darek in mind of a startled rodent, but Vorka had always possessed a remarkable talent at taking out targets from behind with a well-placed dagger thrust or bolter. Vorka’s horse snorted softly, shifting on its hooves with the discomfort of being this close to the howling. That reaction of the horses would only be mirrored by those of the men if they got closer.
Darek did not turn his head to look at Vorka, the gesture did not seem worth the punishment of seeing him up close. “Huge, the Emperor really wants this boy and his companions. By the time the order got to us the reward had been posted at fifty thousand florins.”
Vorka whistled while his brow beetled at his effort with the maths. Rewards of that nature got cut down with each rank as each officer would take some of the total as a sort of ‘finder’s fee’. The problem with cake being passed from the highest and most rarefied echelons always existed in the fact that only a slice would reach the people who did the work.
Some commanders took that as an opportunity to go around the officers and claim the entire cake for themselves; though going over a senior officer’s head meant standing a good chance of losing your own if your officer found out that he had lost his slice. This time the reward had been huge and highly publicised; under those conditions the normal hunting squads of the empire had deteriorated into a mad scramble to become very wealthy overnight. Fortunately for Darek and possibly less so for his men, his squad had been close by when this all started.
“That’s a lot of gold sarge, but will everyone stop here at the edge of the howling and wait. I mean is that a good idea.”
Darek’s fist snapped up with such force that the line of Vorka’s nose would probably be forever changed by the force that it hit him with. Darek dismounted as Vorka slid off his saddle and took a couple of opportunities to plant his foot into Vorka’s midriff.
“Do not, ever question my orders you greasy little shit stain. You want to go it alone you’re welcome to leave but the next time you doubt me I’ll cut you open and feed you to the dogs.”
The other men within the force lowered their heads, over years of working with Darek they had learned to keep out of such discussions, particularly when fists and feet were involved.
Vorka groaned a probably affirmative groan and Darek stared down at him for a moment. At times like this the loathing reared up within him and he found himself considering just how easy it would be to kill this man and leave his body for the wolves to consume. Some rumour about him had suggested that he probably killed more of his own troops than the enemy ever did. It had taken him a long time to track the source of that rumour down and he had slit the man open and left him to die with his own entrails hanging around his corpse.
“Anyone else want to ask me if it’s a good idea,” Darek snarled as Vorka slowly began to pull himself up with all the ginger movements of someone in pain and with blood trickling down his now even more misshapen nose.
No reply emerged while his eyes scanned over the men. “Vorka, go into the Howling and see if you can find out where they are holed up. You’re our back up in case they try creeping past our alarms.”
Vorka’s muddled pain faded to be replaced by Vorka’s growing terror, his eyes went wide though still puffy and his pallor went pale. He knew what the order amounted to as did the rest of his squad. His mouth opened but he shut it again, probably remembering the last time he questioned an order, not that he would have to remember back that far.
“Sarge, that’s a death sentence,” he murmured with just the right amount of wheedling to signify a complaint rather than a questioning of orders.
“You go, you might live, you stay here you will die. Make your choice but do it quick Vorka.” Darek spat the words out with venom and chill determination, just to make a point Darek drew his knife, not the sort of knife normally used with food but one decorated with backward slanting hooks all designed to pull out whatever it hooked around on its way through someone’s flesh. Not many people would dare eat using a knife like this, not only for fear of where it might have been or whom it might have been in but also one of those serrated hooks could well catch a lip or a nostril or worse still a tongue.
Vorka glanced from person to person near his commander and seemed to find no help there. Yes, if they all grouped together they no doubt could have killed Darek and left his corpse somewhere but each of them knew what would happen if they should fail, or worse if they succeeded. Fear can be used to mould an entire society but to cause a proper terror, each person had to be worked on and he had worked on these men for a long time
“Go into the Howling, find them and report back. Do it now Vorka.” Darek kept his voice carefully modulated, seeming calm and yet with the seething pressure of a snarl beneath it pressing up and revealing a tiny glimpse of the hatred and fury Darek had long since kept badly concealed.
Vorka clambered to his feet, casting a last hopeful glance at the others he might have called his friends but friendship looked as if it cost too high a price around Darek. Vorka snarled the once before turning and walking slowly into the howling; past the blackened tree stalks that must have been once alive.
As he did so Darek’s men touched their fingers to their chests, just above their hearts while watching with saucer wide eyes almost as if something would rend Vorka asunder the moment he stepped over an invisible line.
It took five minutes after Vorka trudged out of sight before they heard anything from him at all. A scream cut the air, splicing the nerves of those that heard it along with other sounds, sounds of massive hounds and tearing flesh. Two of Darek’s men took a step forward, the kind of hesitant step of someone whom did not really intend to do more than just one step and preferred to be just where they stood.
Another sound followed, the slow ripping sound of flesh being ripped away from bone.
Vorka managed to speak just the once, “Help me, oh no…no, NOOoooooo!” 
 And then silence. Most of them stood for a moment, listening intently for any sign that Vorka might still be alive.
“Right, set up camp,” snarled Darek, stalking past his shivering men. “And make me some corafe.” He had to admit to feeling a little smug, there were times when discipline needed to be enforced within his group and while a high turnover might be involved there were always new people whom thought they could make big money within the hunting groups.
While the idea that money could be made held some truth, those rumours tended to leave out the little detail that everyone above the line and file within the groups also intended to make big money and very often all the squad member could look forward to were other people’s leavings.
But even then, there were never any shortage of recruits. Darek had long since concluded that a high turnover worked for him, trimming down share numbers and keeping motivation to please and work well high. Some commanders insisted on decimation as an answer to serious crimes such as wanting to live rather than die horribly or even worse running away. Darek thought of removing one in ten now and again as more like a fatal version of the underline, something to heighten the importance of his words.
He even allowed himself a small smile; this hunt could well be very profitable indeed.

Chapter 12
Francis found himself, that statement could be construed as a lie, some people might spend time trying to find themselves when the answer in most cases could be summed up in two words ‘right here’. It would have been more accurate to say that he found himself in relationship to the various fragments of the staff. If he concentrated he could not only sense the direction but also a pull that somehow told him the distance in the roughest sense.
He also found the delicious scent of Kathleen’s cooking and that the sunlight streamed in not from the thick dust of the east window anymore, but that of the cracked and in places melted west. Reds and yellows in the sky indicated that dawn had rapidly given way to dusk.
Mouse passed and as good as her word she had changed from the ghostlike form that he had been slowly getting used to, to the flesh which did indeed look as if she had died only minutes before. She had dressed herself in armour, chainmail that reached to her waist while complemented by plates on her arms and legs that looked that it might have stopped weak blows but Francis wondered if it might stop someone with serious blade oriented intentions. Her hair had been braided with two long tails that framed her face while the rest fell in golden locks down her back.
She stopped and smiled at Francis, brushing back a lock of hair. Francis had to marvel at her height, a woman approaching his height would be a rare thing. “Back with us Frat?”
What happened next came as something as a shock to Mouse, almost as much as a shock to Francis, in a swift moment he stood and enfolded the undead woman in his arms, armour and all. Hugging a dead woman felt strange, she might have been cold but otherwise the skin of her arms seemed just like the skin of a living woman. 
“I missed you Frat.” She whispered in his ear, her breath chilly and soft. For so long he had been wondering if he had a family, if somewhere out there a father and mother looked for him and might turn up at his door. For so long his uncle had refused to speak of where he had come from. At first Francis had thought perhaps his family had been criminals.
“I knew you were missing, I’m sorry that I didn’t remember you Mouse, or else I’d have come sooner.”
“It’s alright, Kathleen was under instructions to wait until you were old enough. Now it’s time and the business with the guards just slightly sped the process up.”
A lump grew in Francis’s throat and he managed to smile at Mouse while brushing back a lock of hair that seemed to have escaped one of her braids. “We’ll cure you, you’ll live again.”
“I know you will.” Her words contained such unshakable faith that Francis had to look away and gather his senses. In one corner Kathleen had set up a scavenged tripod over a fire and stirred something within a pot that made Francis’s mouth water with its odour. At least whatever she made would make the rations look more like disgusting pseudo food. 
Mouse’s eyes went distant for a moment, a moment that slowly extended into nearly a minute before she nodded slightly and regarded Francis. “There are guards at the edge of The Howling, we’re safe here but the moment we leave we’ll be vulnerable again.”
“I know where the nearest fragment is. We came from the east and we need to head Northwest, hopefully we can slip past them.” Francis replied, beaming as he stood.
“Well you were out of it for the day. Did you communicate with her?” Kathleen replied, a tiny amount of tension within her voice that Francis in his enthusiasm missed.
“Yes, she showed me how the staff was made and now I can sense one of the pieces. This should be a great help.” Francis grinned at Kathleen though the grin faded a little when the smile did not come back to him.
“I suggest we get something to eat and then move under the cover of darkness.” Kathleen announced, giving him a semi-warm smile that reminded Francis for the briefest cusp of moments of just why he had always found her so attractive.
Francis smiled back at her and for a moment her misgivings seemed to fade, in fact they might have sat there smiling at each other had not Vittar stalked in carrying assorted blue steel ware and muttering under his voice.
A long time ago the people of Atiria were reliant on other metals, metals that decayed or rusted dependant on the weather. Once Francis’s uncle had told him that blue steel had been a breakthrough in metals, more resilient than iron but also lighter, never rusting and never weakening. A breastplate that used to be thick and heavy could be shrunk down in thickness and keep the same resistance without the massive bulk while the rings in chainmail only needed a single layer backed on heavy linen to stop most blades. Blue steel came from the far-off empire of the Shel whom sold it in the form of armour and swords through Draxxon, a company whom served Atiria and probably the rest of the world. Soon enough any army that did not use Blue steel found itself lagging in the steady improvement of arms, so the Emperor bought blue steel equipment in vast amounts in exchange for food and minerals. Francis had heard stories of entire cities that relied on the metal for their industry and those cities turning out the arms and armour while keeping the secrets of forging the resistant metal to themselves and that there existed companies so huge that they dwarfed entire countries that sold the steel and that they dealt with governments rather than people.
“Right; I’ve been scouring around for armour for you guys and some weapons so that we can defend ourselves,” Vittar announced, dropping the metalware on a righted table along with a pile of other equipment he must have collected previously.
He piled up a collection of items before passing them over to Kathleen. “I’ve found you a breastplate that I think will fit. Blue steel so it should stop a short sword.”
The breastplate caused Francis to stare; whomever had designed it had done so definitely with a young woman in mind and had shaped it appropriately with enough accuracy that he felt himself blush slightly. The metal looked so fragile and even ornate that Francis found it difficult to imagine it stopping anything.
“Mouse, keep an eye on the rabbit please I’ll be back in a moment.” Kathleen responded, collecting the armour and sagging slightly under the weight.
Francis stood up just in time to catch a long chainmail vest that Vittar easily threw his way with one arm. The weight of the vest nearly knocked him clear n off his feet.  Vittar then motioned to the stairs that would lead back up to Francis’s room. “Go and put that on Franky.”
A few minutes later Francis had good reasons to empathise with his enemy. An old saying went about walking a mile in a man’s shoes to understand him but to Francis’s mind he found that walking a shorter distance in his heavy chainmail did far more. He quickly jammed the fragment into what looked to be a storage pouch in the belt that had come in the pile Vittar had given him. 
When he got back into the hall Vittar seemed to have found himself enough chainmail to make a small tent and looked somehow so right that Francis almost forgot what Vittar looked without it. Vittar seemed to be comfortable in armour, in fact so much so that Francis thought back to stories that he had worked as a mercenary.
Kathleen’s armour on the other hand looked to have been made of blue steel plates and fashioned definitely for a woman whom wanted to make a statement though Francis found himself forced to wonder just what statement the original owner had wanted to make.  She looked stunning, in fact so stunning that he found himself blushing once more and avoiding looking directly at her in case he found himself staring.
She had kept her full skirt but the breastplate, as form fitting as it was outlined her body so nicely in black lacquered steel that she looked almost like some warrior queen rather than a priestess. When he caught her glancing her way she closed one eye slowly in a languid wink that made Francis’s blush even more intense.
“Franky, by The Undying are you going to stop drooling?” Vittar muttered, chuckling darkly and a little malicious twinkle appearing in his eye.
“Francis can’t help it. He’s at that awkward age.” Kathleen grinned while Francis tried to avert his eyes, he must have been blushing that much that he had turned bright red.
“From what I’ve heard about men, that awkward age starts at fourteen and lasts until they’re about sixty. Boys are always like that.” Mouse’s words did not help and Francis busied himself in examining a tapestry that once had been bright and verdant, alas now it seemed to be grey on black. 
The last crack about boys stung Francis a little, boys were children, he had long since known that when he became a man he would be setting aside childish things. He turned and almost spoke out. The suspicion that she would be able to reply and embarrass him further shut him up though.
Francis had to admit that having a relative might have been great but finding out they have a sense of humour struck him as less so.
Kathleen walked over to her stew and began to ladle it out into four uneven and chipped bowls. “Francis knows where we are headed now.”
“Oh good, he’s been in touch with his semi naked imagination.” Vittar muttered darkly, muttering darkly seemed to be something that Vittar did well.
Francis found himself the centre of attention, for a moment uncomfortably so. “We’re going to the north, about three days travel, it’s the closest part and has the skull top.”
“This stupid, Francis is fabricating the lot of it and making it up. We’re on a chase for something that might help us.” Vittar muttered, abating when both Mouse and Kathleen glared at him with that kind of glare women give men when suggesting without words that they be quiet right now.
Vittar took the hint and closed his mouth, concentrating on his food.
“Three days; that used to be around the town of Laksee.” Mouse offered into the conversation which came as something of a surprise to Francis whom had never been that far away from Knep’s end to encounter another town until the trek to the howling.
“Do we know anything about Laksee?” Francis asked between mouthfuls.
“A little, it’s not somewhere the priestesses of Evandra go through much. It’s on the border of the empire and one of those small-town states that the Emperor has not invaded.” Kathleen said
Something seemed wrong to Francis about that statement, DaThoul tended to have a certain answer to small states, usually involving invading them whenever possible. “How have they remained independent? Do they have a big army?”
“Yes, a powerful army and the entire town is owned by a figure that calls himself ‘The Dragonlord’, all reports are that the Empire finds him rather intimidating.”
“A Dragonlord? Does he have actual Ssaved?”
“Well, no one’s ever seen a full-grown dragon with him but it is known that he has command of around a hundred prechange Ssaved which would put off most invaders, he’s also always accompanied by a drake as his pet,” Kathleen continued.
Vittar seemed to have fallen into a sullen silence, something Francis made a mental note to speak to him about that later.
Prechange Ssaved, the word caused a shiver to run down Francis’s spine, according to the stories told by passing tale tellers each one of them towered over even the tallest human and possessed the strength of half a dozen men. They were covered in scales so strong and thick that a sword or axe tended to slide off them or just bounce away without doing any harm to the creature. A single prechange Ssaved would make a full squad armed even with deathwands and bolters hesitate, this being controlled a hundred of the terrifying monsters. If the being controlled a full grown Ssaved then the unchanged ones would be as nothing, a dragonkin came nowhere close to the devastating options available to a dragon.
“He sounds formidable, do you think he’ll help us?” Francis finally asked.
“I don’t know, what I do know is that Laksee is a powerful little parcel of land that the emperor has left well alone for years. I doubt that force will work, but persuasion might.” Kathleen commented.
“So, we’re not even sure that this damned thing exists but we’re out to seek trouble anyway, I don’t like this one bit,” Vittar muttered under his breath, the soft rasping issuing as he rubbed his chin. 
“I can vouch for the power of the staff, I don’t think Francis would make all this up,” Mouse replied softly.
A silence fell over the group and Francis mulled over the possibilities. They would be travelling through the empire again but it would have been necessary. At least when they entered the lands around Laksee they would be within the lands of someone whom did not want him dead. It would be nice to be somewhere without having to fear the guard. However, the Dragonlord sounded like someone whom could go either way. He might turn them straight over to Atiria to keep the peace or he might not want to aid them just to avoid aggravating an aggressive neighbour.
“Do we know what this Dragonlord thinks of Atiria?” He queried of Kathleen. 
“From what I’ve heard he doesn’t like the Emperor and while not quite hostile since he lacks the forces to conquer the lands I doubt that he would side with Atiria.
Politics, Francis had never thought about the balances of power between states when dreaming of being a knight. In the rosy glow of his youth the world had seemed to be divided up so easily with the enemies of the empire falling beneath his sword while the Emperor heaped praise and lands on him. Little had he thought he might end up the enemy and that he might have to think on the level of whom did not agree with whom on a political level. 
“I suggest we set off in an hour and make good time. We need to find cover by the end of the night and then we’ll hole up for the day.” Francis said, mildly surprised when everyone else nodded as if he had just given an order.

The night had only been around for a short time before one of Darek’s men sat up sharply, his head cocked on one side as if listening to something. That man, a veteran by the name of Chorn had always struck Darek as hairy, he possessed a beard, moustache and sideburns that conspired with thick and bush eyebrows to reveal a bare minimum of face and that bare minimum with warts and moles had always been enough to make Darek glad for the hair.
“Sarge, one of the drones has gone off,” he growled, as he did so the rest of the squad set into a well-practiced routine of stamping out the fire and preparing to move.
Darek mounted his horse, watching while the camp broke up and prepared to move. “Which direction and which one?”
“North, north east sarge. The drone counts four people on foot.”
“Four, the report said two or possibly three.” Darek snapped back with such force that Chorn recoiled ever so slightly, but for the quivering of the various hairs around his chin and on the back of his hands there seemed little indication that Chorn feared Darek, though Darek now knew what signs to look for.
“Four, definitely four sarge so the report was either wrong or they’ve picked someone up on the way.”
“Dammit, direction soldier, which direction are they headed in?”
“They’re heading west north west.”
“That’s the border with…”
“Laksee Sarge.”
Laksee, even the word caused Darek’s eyes to narrow coldly and for a moment Chorn looked as if he might be joining Varek inside the howling. There were times when killing the messenger could be considered not only acceptable practice but policy. If the group of traitors did get across that border then he could pursue them but he would do so without official backing and the chance of his troops arranging an accident for him and a ditch for a grave would increase dramatically. They could blame enemy action out there very easily, he should know he had been using such an excuse for a long time.
“We move, they’re not to get to the Laksee border or else we’ll have to go after them in enemy territory.” Darek snarled, watching while the group hurried about their work.
They were ready go to in less than ten minutes and spurred their horses to move quickly. At least the fugitives were on foot, if they had been on horseback then the chase might have been difficult and they might even have had to race before they crossed the border and passed out of his legal authority. Entering Laksee would run the risk of encountering one of those filthy Ssaved, a prospect that might present opportunities for removing a few of his squad in various messy ways but the chill realisation that he would be in danger himself, or more danger than he normally accounted for.
Not that his legal authority, or lack thereof would have stopped him. With the horses and with them travelling on foot the hunt would soon be entering its final stage and it would be on his home turf.
When no one looked his way Darek smiled a cruel little smile, he had always believed in never allowing his troops to see a smile since they might tend to feel that their commander had other emotions other than that blind burning hatred and anger that he worked on.
They were at least a day in front of the other hunting squads and though the normal army would also be looking for the fugitives he had no doubt at all that the army would fail, mainly since most of them seemed to possess the intellectual capacity normally associated with earthworms. The average soldier would be able to barely find his own sword, so Darek knew that expecting them to find these people whom had entered the howling and so far, evaded the entire collected forces of his majesty.
Soon he would be able to return the traitor and collect his fee and with any luck a couple of his squad would meet nasty accidents.
He had always considered sharing a bitter sorrow and preferred to minimise his own suffering whenever possible even though that often increased the suffering of others.
Or perhaps he preferred it when the suffering of others could be involved, sometimes life could be sweet. 
He liked to make sure that for everyone else life could be bitter.

Chapter 13
Travelling on foot proved to be harder work than Francis had first expected. Within the stories and within his dreams he did not envisage the hour after hour of trudging along through woods while trying to make sure that the group were not travelling around in circles.
The fact they were travelling at night did not help and now Kathleen proved herself more than useful. A single glance up at the sky followed by a smile directed largely in Francis’s direction kept them travelling in what Francis hoped was a straight line.
The idea of travelling at night had always seemed rather romantic to Francis, sneaking along under the cover of darkness and concealing himself from the enemy just seemed part of what a knight did when opposed by forces too great to overwhelm and had featured in the stories he used to listen to as a child. 
Those stories had never included the details, the slamming of a foot into an unseen root or an attempt by a branch sweeping back from the person in front as if they were aiming to take out an eye. There were also the sounds and they were the worst thing to Francis, the sudden snap of a twig that at first got turned around by the woods so it sounded distant or perhaps the shifting of an animal frame. Each shadow seemed like it concealed a guard and each movement out there conspired to appear like a guard moving closer, stalking them. They had been travelling most of the night and Francis’s emotions had eventually drifted from a constant state of alarm to almost a dulled trudging.
Vittar held up a hand in some kind of military signal, Francis only noticed it when he walked into it. 
“What’s wrong?” He whispered, Vittar replied by giving him another signal which Francis construed to mean silence.
Vittar then gave a long and complicated sequence of hang signals which no doubt would have communicated a great deal to those whom had the right training. Only Mouse seemed to understand and for a moment her hands also moved in another set, probably a query of some kind.
Francis and Kathleen could only look on in blank none comprehension, the two of them exchanged a look and the only hand signal that went between them was Kathleen’s shrug that confirmed she understood just as little as Francis had.
Vittar’s face loomed closer, even in the dark this did not strike Francis as a particularly pleasant thing. Urgency permeated his whisper. “Someone’s close.”
Mouse leaned into the tight little group and spoke softly “What Vittar means is that he’s heard horses’ hooves, too many for a carriage and too few for a large number of men. It’s more than likely that hunters have caught up with us.”
Hunters, the word caused dread to crystallise within Francis as he peered around desperately into the darkness. He had heard about the kind of men that the empire used as a hunter, most of them were the kind of man so vicious and so grasping that they would carve Kathleen and Mouse up as soon as look at them. Or worse, they would carve him up and then take the two women as prizes of war. The very thought caused a mixture of fear and anger to mingle within him while his hand clenched around the shard.
Kathleen looked distant for a moment, as if listening to far off sounds though Francis often wondered if she could see rather than hear them “I count nine, all heavily armed, all looking ready for a fight. They must be looking for us and doing so rather intently.
“What do we do?” Mouse whispered
It took Francis a moment to realise that they were looking at him and the anger that had been building soon became surpassed by his fear. He had dreamed of being a knight but that had taking orders from someone, now they were waiting for him to tell them what to do and part of him shrivelled under their intense gaze. What he gave the orders that saw them all killed, that left him and Vittar bleeding in the woods while Mouse and Kathleen suffered the fate that those men would inflict. What if he failed utterly when trying to act as leader?
The realisation sliced into him, he might mess up, he might even cause calamity but the decision had to be made and it looked as if he would have to be the one that made them.
“We can either hide, run or fight. Running is not going to do us much good unless we can stay out of their reach. They are faster than us.” He whispered to them, trying to frame an answer within his thoughts.
Kathleen and Mouse nodded while Vittar seemed to be scanning the darkness. “Hiding might buy us time but then these guys are professional trackers. They’ll find us.” Vittar muttered, glancing at them all.
Francis had thought as much as well, they might be the sort of people you did not even want in your home town but the empire did not as a rule employ people whom were no good at what they did, except weirdly enough at the upper levels of their military. “The numbers are too high for anything frontal, we need to reduce them and turn the odds back in our favour.”
“We’ll need to get close, I could take a couple with my knives but once they’re thrown they’re thrown.” Vittar glanced around at the three faces, his eyes wide with fear or perhaps the cold flicker of anticipation.
“I can use some magic to also hopefully deal with one or two of them, though that is by no means certain.” Kathleen replied, it tore at Francis to see her so distressed.
“I do think they are talking about us,” said a rather rough voice that Francis did not recognise and suddenly the space around them filled with light exposing the little huddle. Four small glow globes, each brightly lit landed around them.
Blinking in the lights Francis came to the grim realisation that while they were planning their ambush, they had been themselves ambushed. A glance around showed him nine men, each of which looked capable of handling himself and possibly a couple of other people as well. They were fully surrounded and the hunters even had the stubby thick wands known as bolters levelled at the four of them. Francis knew from the stories that each bolter would fire an incredibly heated bolt of magic at them, so hot and filled with force that the bolt would tear straight through even thick armour twice without even being slowed much by the unfortunate meat wrapped in that armour. A couple of the men leered at the women, looking as if they were making plans for them, short but no doubt repetitive plans.
Francis slowly looped his fingers around the fragment at his belt, his action as casual as he could manage though one of the men narrowed his eyes and motioned for him to raise his hands. 
In the distance, a cry of some kind of bird pierced the night air like a knife of tension.
He had failed, if he tried to do anything he knew they would die here, violently and their heads would be taken back to the Emperor. Even now looking at the men around them he saw no mercy within their cold eyes and no humanity towards the prisoners.
The leader reminded Francis of something like a shaved ape with a sharper mind and an expression that hinted not so much of an intelligent man but one that had gotten by on intelligences poor relative, raw cunning. When he spoke, he did so with the air of a person used to being obeyed without question. This man had killed, probably a good many times and now he intended to kill a few people tonight. His voice twanged with a suppressed rage and his eyes remained cold slits of venomous intent. “I’m Darek and you are my prisoners. You will surrender your weapons immediately or I will command my men to open fire.”
As he spoke four of the men began to amble forward leaving the other four with their bolters ready to cover them. Each of the group had a bolter aimed at their chests by people who knew how to use them.
In the stories, a knight knew nothing about fear, probably not even feeling the sudden and sickening sensation that comes that almost all roads from this moment on lead to death. Francis knew that feeling at that instant and silently cursed himself; they had blundered off on a merry adventure and now their reward would be death.
Unless he acted and did something now they would all die.
Silently, he reached out with his mind and whispered to the staff fragment. “Help us”
Then, to Francis, the world seemed to turn off.

To everyone else, the world remained on it just went crazy instead, which some might think to be better unless they are trapped in it at the time. 
The light from the globes almost seemed to dull but instead they were lesser lights compared to another that filled the entire clearing and split the night air with incredible ferocity, a light that came like twin beacons from Francis’s eyes.
One of the hunters found that though a moment ago he had been facing a nervous young man that man had suddenly been taken and what looked at him through a face that might have been the same but somehow it now seemed to contain something entirely different.
While everyone stood for a moment, stunned by the enormity of what happened before them the young man reached to his belt and took something away from it, but as that something came free a roaring blade of energy, a coalescing and warping form projected almost four foot from his hand, little flames seeming to flicker and dance madly away from a central form that might have looked like a massive sword but a sword covered with serrations of energy, hooks and blades that grew, shrank and sparked.
“Take this as a message to your emperor,” Francis said but the voice he spoke with did not sound as if it could ever come from a human throat with scores of other voices sounding within, has he spoke tiny jets of white fury escaped past his lips.
At that moment the hunter, whom had lived a relatively blameless life or so he had thought knew that he looked on the last thing he would ever see. His instincts were accurate; the imprint of the blade and those terrible eyes would be on his mind for the rest of his life.
Francis’s fist slammed into his chest, abusing the breastplate he wore with such force that metal screamed and buckled in a good four inches while the dying man found himself hurled backward into one of the bolter carrying soldiers whom ironically chose that moment to fire, catching the hunter in the back and tearing out of his body. The man had died before he hit the man who had helped in killing him.
Three more bolts roared out, but the brilliant shards of energy never found their homes, instead finding at the last moment that they had moved, their normal straight flight warped so much that they screamed around the group once and hurled back outwards. One of the boltmen suddenly found all three of them roaring towards him and he managed to open his mouth to scream before the bolts caught him in shoulder, chest and stomach. His scream emerged more as a gurgle.
A silence followed while the hunters found themselves staring at the terrifying incarnation of magical fury that the farm boy had become. They were staring almost as much as Francis’s friends.
“What the hell.” Vittar said, awe peeking through in his voice as a hunter that had been reaching lecherously for Kathleen found that reaching for anything would become impossible as the energy blade ripped down and struck his arm. The flesh and armour that the blade did not really cut, instead arced down with a thousand wet and sticky snaps and pops as metal melted and flesh burst with tiny eruptions like the tearing of silk. The hunter staggered back with the stump of his arm sealed by cauterised flesh and in places the molten metal that had once been protection. The man opened his mouth to scream but nothing more than a gasp emerged as he dropped suddenly and sharply.
“Down,” the thing roared, the words almost distorted by intonations so feral and terrifying that Vittar, Kathleen and Mouse hit the ground before realising why they had done so. The voice contained something, something so intense and powerful that it seemed to speak to the body rather than to the mind, overloading the senses and enforcing action seconds before the brain caught up. The word though had come out slightly wrong as if someone had tried to intone the word in one language but had not quite figured out the proper inflections.
The remaining two men near the group charged forward, ignoring the others and trying to end the fight. Chorn brought his axe down in an arc that no man should have been able to fight while the man beside him hung back a second before aiming a stab at Francis’s kidneys, probably hoping that Chorn would attract the fury of this thing allowing him to make the killing blow, a blow which never landed. 
The boy ripped around with his sword swiping down and across from overhead in a single savage movement that ripped through flesh, armour and weapons without even seeming to be slightly slowed. Neither man got to complete their movements instead slumping downwards with some parts landing almost a second after the rest of the corpse. With the swept blow two lives were extinguished.
This had all taken a handful of seconds. Two of the remaining bolter men looked at each other before making the same kind of movement as the name of their weapons, they ran for it.
They almost made it.

Darek stared with wide eyes as the boy ripped through his squad and anything they threw at him, at it seemed to be just turned aside. He had secretly hoped that some of his men would be killed but it looked as if nothing would stop the boy. They had mentioned to bring back anything found on the boy but now Darek knew he had gone out of his depth and if he lingered the same fate would befall him and though the reward for the boy might have been large, Darek had to admit the danger had been understated.
He turned and ran, disappearing into the darkness and leaving as many of his men to die as necessary as long as he got away from the boy and the brilliant light that had torn through his squad. Another commander might have offered surrender to save as many of his men as possible or even organised them into retreat, Darek just ran to save himself, the rest of his men be damned which, considering what he had just seen, would be very likely indeed.
He would report all this back to the military, that he had led an entire squad in and that a boy that looked barely old enough to shave had butchered them. At first, he wondered if they would believe him, his operation had been intended to be relatively low risk even though the boy had killed eight men.
As he ran through the woods, a portion of his brain that he used too often set down to devising the best way of framing this. Yes, the boy had help, a good deal of help from mercenaries and they had managed to ambush his men.
Thinking along those lines for a moment he shook his head, stumbling on a root and nearly ending up flat on his face he dismissed that. If they had ambushed him then the next question would be about his competence after leading his men into an ambush. He had to think of something better than that something more believable and clung to the truth without conforming to it entirely. If he told them that the boy had started glowing and had then killed his men he could only imagine what would happen.
The looks would start, people would begin talking behind his back, not that people did not already talk behind his back but they would do so more and when talk began to fly accusations would soon follow and soon enough the jobs he would be assigned would involve minimal risk, minimal rewards while his reputation slithered down into a dark hole. He had to think of a way of explaining away what had happened without sounding either incompetent or even worse ridiculous. Life within the forces of the military relied on reputation, so much so that most officers cultivated one of efficient cruelty and cold disregard for anything other than the needs of their duty. Reputation could make or break someone like Darek and now he had to work out how to explain the losses of his entire squad without appearing like a fool and without bringing back what he had been told would be nothing more than a peasant boy with a good weapon.
That peasant with a good weapon as his officer had put it had proven more than able to handle a force that should have been more than adequate and yet he had been almost helpless at first before becoming something close to an unstoppable juggernaut. Darek carefully catalogued each and everything that the boy had done, he had deflected bolts and redirected them onto one of his men. He had even cut through two weapons, two sets of armour and the two men that had been wearing them without even slowing down. 
After running for about twenty minutes Darek collapsed against the base of a tree, still breathing hard and trying to scheme a way out of looking a coward and a fool. A wound, yes, a wound would look perfect, he reflected while regaining his breath and closing his eyes. Something that looked serious and would suggest he had fought with his men and staggered back to civilisation to warn them of the new danger.
Unfortunately, while Darek contemplated the best means of describing the new danger he had yet to realise that another danger had detected him. He did listen for the snap of twigs, or the breathing of someone attempting to find him none came to his ears. In fact, in ignorance he planned for a future that became more and more unlikely with each passing moment.
Darek slowly got to his feet, and leant over, his breath slowly returning to him.
But when he straightened back up he found himself face to face with something that chilled his blood. The blunt muzzle split into three jaws, two separating from the upper jaw like an insect’s mouthparts. The creature surveyed him with eyes that were black, gleaming and utterly alien while the skin of the massive thing rippled in front of him like a shimmering wall of tiny slates. Each of the jaws were lined by backward pointing teeth that seemed to flex independently of each other.
Darek knew that whatever stood in front of him had no place in the natural world and that if he went for his sword he might even manage to wound the thing but his chances of survival were now remote.
Slowly, carefully, he edged his hand down creeping it inch by agonising inch while this thing in front of him leaned forward and long tendrils emerged from the end of the thing’s muzzle before vanishing once more.
The creature roared, the sound mingling the braying of a mule with a bellow from some great cat going suffering a painful wound and then it went for him.
Darek barely had time to scream.

The world returned to Francis and tilted sharply as he crumpled. As he fell, the world seemed to be spinning with such force that Francis found himself revisited by lunch, which left him retching. That retching became the only sound that filled the clearing for a while, even the man with severed arms had ceased making sounds.
“What the hell was that?” Vittar asked as he looked over at Francis whom not only retched but had blood on his face that trickled from his eyes.
“The staff,” Mouse’s words came as she headed over to her brother, gently holding him in her arms. In moments Kathleen joined him and began to mutter under her breath.
Mouse gave Kathleen a desperate look, a silent communication that after her muttering Kathleen answered with little more than a nod and a tiny smile.
“He’ll be alright,” Kathleen said.
Mouse’s sigh of relief looked almost like a whole-body experience and she gave Kathleen a wide smile in response.
Vittar rubbed his chin, the rasping sound punctuating the silence of the scene. “Is he gonna be alright?”
“I just said he’ll be fine,” Kathleen responded with a faint smile.
“When he said, shit the staff did that and that’s just a piece,” as he spoke, wandering towards a bewildered rant Vittar started to look around at the scene of carnage that surrounded him. The corpses in places smoked as if portions of them had been burned though the scent of burning meat did not fill the air.
“And to think. You didn’t believe him.” Mouse replied, gently stroking the young man’s hair as the rabbit from earlier revisited him. 
Vittar froze almost as if her words had been a bare faced accusation and he coloured and nodded “I know, I mean he said that the thing spoke to him I thought he was making it all up but…”
“It’s alright Vittar, I don’t think Francis was offended by you doubting.” Kathleen offered Vittar an encouraging smile and he looked ready to receive it in fact almost looked desperate for that smile, any indication that he had not soured their friendship.
“I can say, completely and utterly that I believe you now,” Vittar frowned while looking down on Francis whom could only nod slightly in response.
In fact, if for the fact that Francis felt like he had rediscovered everything he had eaten for the last three days and the splitting pain in the back his head Francis might have gotten rather comfortable with both Mouse and Kathleen fussing over him. 
“I’m guessing that the spirit within the staff, the girl he’s mentioned possessed him for a short time, though if this is the side effects of a short time I can understand why she doesn’t do it often. I can sense the space within his aura left by an invading spirit.” Kathleen said before her and Mouse exchanged looks once more in that female code that Vittar found himself wondering at. Like men throughout history watching two women communicate without words while he could only be managing at best to be dimly aware of the exchange he settled on making himself busy.
“Back in a minute.” He muttered, stalking away and soon beginning to go through the pouches and backpacks of Francis’s victims. Other people might have been concerned about corpse robbing, Vittar had never been one of them and probably had that hard-worn practicality wore by many people whom had scavenged a battlefield, after all, the dead were beyond needing money.
“Get their horses, at least we can ride.” Kathleen said, glancing up from the groaning and convulsing Francis. Her expression told Vittar that her interest had a little more involved in the request than just the easier time and speed of riding.
 “For now, Francis needs rest and it would be best if we got moving. With any luck, we should be able to use the horses and keep a lead on the other hunters. We’ve survived one attack, we need to get moving.” Mouse added glancing around as she did so.
For a moment Francis felt the warm hand of Kathleen on his forehead before the all-consuming blanket of sleep closed in around him.

Chapter 14
Francis had never suffered a hangover, not the sort that involved the feeling of his eyelids feeling glued together tied in with the sort of agony that for a moment he wondered if one of the men had taken his sword to his head and he was laid in a bed possibly to recover, hopefully not to die. If he had suffered from a hangover, he might even have a frame of reference to put the pain in, as it felt all he could do was hope that it would end.
Perhaps death might not be that bad if it ended the suffering. There are a few times when a person had such suffering that they almost will death upon them, to Francis this felt like one of those times.
Like many people that awoke feeling like they had been run over by a pair of horses whom had been good enough to trot backwards over him before adding in some dressage practice Francis spent a few minutes with his eyes shut just making sure that he could still feel everything, but then everything ached which helped his body check a lot easier, counting fingers and toes comes a lot easier when it feels like someone has been hitting them with a hammer.
Daylight did not help in the slightest, a peek sent lances of burning pain into his head as if someone had been waiting with darts to insert into his eyeballs for the sin of trying to find out what the world held.
Another glimpse through narrowed eyes showed that it held Mouse, laid on her back next to him with her hands folded on her stomach still dressed in her armour but with skin that held none of the pallor of life. For a moment, the pain and discomfort were forgotten as Francis scrambled away, there a few things worse than waking up to your dead sister.
Groaning as his aching body complained in the most primal way at his sudden movement and he leant with his back against the wall while waiting for the world to stop spinning. 
“I am sorry, the symptoms will fade in a day or so,” Jamiliah’s voice spoke into his ear. Francis responded by sharply turning his head to try and locate the source of the sound and regretted it mere moments after as something within his head, possibly his brain, felt like it continued spinning.
“What happened,” he managed, keeping a hollow moan out of his voice.
“You asked me to help you so I did. The hunters are gone,” Jamiliah’s words included a soft blade that made Francis hold back from asking how ‘gone’ varied from ‘dead’ or ‘carved into meat’. As she spoke, she touched his shoulder and slowly the pain abated.
“Were there any survivors?” He asked softly, since speaking loudly tended to make his headache even worse.
“One, next time I’m needed I’ll do better.” Her reply caused an icy shudder down his spine.
“That’s not what I meant I mean did you need to kill them?” 
The silence that followed his question hung for a long moment and seemed to be a reply all by itself.
“Are you there?” He urged, finally taking noted of the surroundings. 
They had taken shelter for the day in a farmhouse, though the state of the house suggested that it had been long abandoned, a fate that happened to a lot of farmhouses as more and more families either left or were dragged away for the war. This one looked as if it had belonged to a large family, him and Mouse resting in one room along with bundled figures that had to be Kathleen and Vittar. 
Noting the others Francis made a note to whisper. 
“I’m here,” Jamiliah replied, a tension in her voice communicating an unspoken anger.
“Look, I’m sorry, but if you are so powerful could you not have stunned them or something.”
“Francis, this is not a game, those men intended fully to kill you all and take your heads back to DaThoul, what happened to them is something they fully deserved. I would do it again, a dozen times over if it helped our cause.”
He tried to turn the matter over in his head, examining it from different angles until finally the only answer he could come back to showed her as right. They would have pursued them even if they had taken their horses. The men would have finally caught up with them again.
“You are right, I’m sorry. It’s just that killing isn’t something I imagined doing so soon,” he finally whispered back
A soft sigh sounded in his ear. “I know Francis and I understand but if we are going to carry this through then a lot more people will die. Otherwise people will carry on throwing their lives away and being murdered for war in the name of a criminal emperor whom is free to carry on with his stupid little wars.”
It came as bitter medicine but he had no choice but to agree to her logic. What had started out in revenge would only end with some deaths and anyone that stood in their way needed to be among them
“I understand, can you teach me to fight, I mean you summoned me into a sort of dream space. Can we use the place to learn?”
“We are in the dream space now, you are still asleep.”
“Oh, I thought I was awake.”
“I cannot speak with you when you are awake my knight, there is too much interference from your thinking mind. Only in sleep do you find the stillness necessary to hear me.” 
He nodded slightly at this thought, glancing around and noting the subtle changes around him that occur in dreams. “Can you train me?”
“It is unusual for my knight to need lessons but these are unusual times. I suppose we can do that, it would mean you have the choice of fighting rather than relying on Vittar, Mouse and when desperate, me.”
He looked over the bundles, the few people in the world he now cared for had been formed into an impromptu fellowship and she had been right again he had been relying on the others. The time had come for him to start pulling his own weight and start acting like the leader they seemed to see him to be.
“Teach me,” he just said, his voice soft.
And then the farmhouse seemed to shatter like a mirror showing one image only to reveal another underneath. The chamber towered around Francis with weaponry lining the walls and straw dummies seemed dotted around the periphery. Far above him light streamed in from a dome supported on many narrow windows.
“I’m still asleep, aren’t I?” He finally asked of her.
“This is a dream and this time we can use your dream for a good reason. From what I’ve seen you possess no skills at all.”
“I’m sorry, I grew up on a farm, weapon play doesn’t normally occur here.”
“You’ve put us in the practice chamber and at least you’ve dressed me properly,” Jamiliah nodded to his question while giving him a slightly encouraging smile, though like most smiles that she managed it did not remain in place for long and vanished a few moments later.
Francis had expected Jamiliah to appear to him in armour, rather like the armour that Kathleen wore but instead she dressed simply in baggy black leggings along with a matching top and cloth headscarf that almost concealed all of her but her face. “I guess your people did not wear armour?”
She smiled faintly in response, walking to the wall and throwing him a single wooden sword while taking two smaller ones for herself. “To a skilled warrior, their movement is their armour. Now, show me what you know.”
Fortunately for Francis, showing her what he knew about swordplay did not take long and for hour after hour she began his education in an art that he not only knew little about but he seemed to possess a little talent for.
He tried a clumsy thrust her way and found his wooden blade knocked up and away from his attack, he barely kept hold of it.
“Not bad, clumsy but showing some promise. This time try again but keep your weight back and balance more carefully.”
Again, and again he attacked and she countered with more skill than he knew anyone could possess but she treated him gently and efficiently. Those hours practicing seemed endless to Francis, hour after hour where she showed him technique after technique with the patience of a good teacher but also the drive and force of someone that had her own agenda to serve.
Finally, she looked up at him “You are waking up, remember what we have covered and practice with Mouse when you get a chance.”
He nodded, the practice room fading around him.

When Kathleen touched his shoulder, he awoke almost as if he snapped from one state to another without that intermediate state between. Though he had been feeling as if he had been run over by a dragon before he felt nothing but alert and energised this evening.
“You feel good enough to ride?” She asked, smiling warmly to see him awake while setting a bowl of her stew to one side for him on a bare table. His dream had been right, they had camped in what looked to be an abandoned farmhouse, even the furniture had been left as if the people that owned it had just walked out without looking back for the few sticks they owned.
After checking that they were alone Francis pulled her down to him and for a moment gently touched his lips to hers. She did not resist, in fact she pressed herself momentarily against his body. “I’m good enough to travel, I feel great. How long have I been out?”
Her smile flickered and weakened a little though she gently cupped his cheek with one hand. “A whole day, we’ve been dragging you on a litter. I was getting worried about you.”
“I had to call on the power of the staff, I guess it isn’t made to be used that way.”
“I put a small sleep spell on you to help you recover and lessen the symptoms. Do you remember anything at all?”
“Jamiliah told me that I killed most them, or she did through me. I’ve spent most of the time with her learning how to fight.” He replied.
Kathleen’s smile vanished, her expression darkening before she turned away to hide it. 
“What’s wrong?”
“Nothing.” She replied in a tone that suggested that everything could somehow be wrong.
“I don’t understand.”
“No Francis, you don’t understand and that’s the problem you never seem to understand.”
He paused at that, trying to think back to when he had last committed this form of blunder and just stammered “Are you overreacting again.”
The look that she gave him in reply could have been used as a blunt weapon and left him coming to a stammering halt, she looked as if something had come to her to say before she shook her head.
“Look, Kathleen, it’s not like that. It’s not like you and me at all. I mean that she’s just business and is going to help us get revenge.”
Francis wondered how many men could have been so stupid as to see what bothered Kathleen so much and silently cursed himself for his lack of understanding.  
Her reply to his comment involved a look, a look only a woman can give to the man she loves whom has wounded her to the heart and his voice closed up for a second.
“Francis, you’re spending more time with that woman than you are with me. She seems to be the one place that I cannot be for you and she seems to be waiting to spend more time with you.”
“Kathleen, there has never been anyone else but you.”
“She’s pretty?”
“Look,” Francis managed. “I want to be with you Kathleen, she’s arrogant and cold.”
“I asked if she is pretty Francis, not if she had a nice personality.”
“Yes, she is pretty but she is just not my type, you’re my type.”
It only partially contained the truth but a tiny upturn occurred of Kathleen’s expression. There were things Francis wanted to tell Kathleen, that every smile of hers had always uplifted his spirits even when they were children and had played during endless summer days. In many ways, the two of them had grown up together and grown together until one could finish the sentence of the other and they understood each other on a level most people could never appreciate. So many things that Francis wanted to say and yet somehow, he could not say. Instead he said “Kathleen, you’re like a sister to me.”
Her beautiful eyes flared with such anger that she looked absolutely stunning though stunning in the same way as a big cat looks beautiful before it leaps to tear your throat out. “I don’t WANT to be your sister Francis. I thought I made that clear.”
“No, that’s not what I mean. I mean you’re not jealous of Mouse.”
“Mouse is your sister Francis, your dead sister.”
“I know but I don’t think of her that way, not that way.”
“But you think of her a lot.” Kathleen snarled softly, her words carrying all the heat that hurt can cause.
“I can’t help it. Do you want me to drop the fragment, we don’t even know if anyone else can touch it?”
“Can touch her you mean, she is in there after all.”
“I can’t touch her Kathleen after all she’s nothing more than a spirit in a staff so touching isn’t going to happen even if I want to.”
“So, you admit it, you want to touch her and you could have even tried it.”
“Kathleen you’re being silly.”
“Don’t you DARE tell me that I’m being silly?” Kathleen replied, her hand contacting his cheek with such force that Francis found himself dazed and before he replied she stalked out leaving him alone with his food and slamming the door with such vigour that he half expected the door to fall off the hinges.
Once more in their long friendship Francis found himself feeling more than a little confused and unable to understand Kathleen’s reaction. Instead he merely felt like a fool and more of one for being unable to work out what he had done wrong.
He trailed after her, stew bowl and all.
The main chamber of the farm bore out the idea that a large family had once lived there with a long table and two long benches where they probably congregated. The only light that filled the room came from two glowglobes that Vittar had probably lifted from the hunting party.
She stormed out, stepping over the pile of wood that had probably once been a door and into the night, her voice snapping out. “Eat up Francis, we leave shortly.”
Francis paused, opening his mouth and shutting it before finally relenting and quickly bolting down the stew.

Half an hour later they were riding along one of the first paved roadways Francis had seen outside of a major town and making far better time than they had through the woods.
Kathleen’s fury burned slow and intense but from long experience Francis had learned that bringing up what annoyed her now would merely launch another argument and though every look back that she gave him gave the impression that she looked at a stranger rather than her closest friend he kept silent. 
Vittar on the other hand seemed to be in the lightest mood that Francis had seen him for a while, chattering away to Mouse whom nodded and smiled in the right places to suggest that she listened.
Francis could not help but smile a little, a few days ago Vittar would have been terrified at the very idea of speaking to Mouse even though she wore the flesh and looked normal but for her pallor, all of them knew that she no longer had life within her.
As they rounded a gentle rolling hill the town of Laksee took Francis’s breath away.
Even though they were travelling at night, the spire that contained the entire town had enough lighting to fill the entire valley that it dominated with a strange blue and green radiance. At first the spire might have been thought to be some kind of tree, wide at the base and narrow at the top coming to a point that seemed to burn with a brilliant and white light as if the tip held a tiny portion of the sun.
“In Evandra’s name,” Mouse whispered, awed and the feeling echoed itself in Francis.
The spires for the flying ships had always struck Francis as tall but they were mere matchsticks beside a towering oak compared with the strangely alien and yet beautiful structure before them.
“It’s a dragonspire, a fairly small one.” Vittar muttered, showing a worrying amount of knowledge with that statement.
Vittar glanced around to find that all three of them were looking at him before glancing back at the spire in question. 
“How tall is it?” Kathleen asked.
Vittar gave her a look, the kind of look that involved knowledge that Francis suspected that only Vittar and Kathleen shared.
“About a mile I’d guess. That would be usual for a dragon of middling rank within their society. There should be enough space there to contain a community of around twenty thousand.
By now Vittar’s knowledge had gone from the worryingly vague to the frighteningly specific.
Kathleen nodded as if this knowledge somehow heartened her a little. “They’re hard to take with an army I’m told.”
“That glowing gem on top is a ‘Ship Cleaver’ made by a human firm called Draxxon and it’s a top of the line siege weapon, with the right commands a single person can use it to burn holes in any army that wandered too close or to slice ships into bite sized pieces. I wouldn’t mind betting that downward mounted Draxxon class 1 shatterrods are up there too. That’s not even to go into the outer walls of those places,” Vittar replied.
Shatterrods, even peasants like Francis had heard of them, hideously expensive weapons designed to blanket a large area in magic that caused bone to shatter explosively and wood or stone to explode in a mass of high speed splinters that would rip survivors apart. 
With one of those on a sky ship a person could turn a town into a smoking ruin in less than an hour and from what Vittar had said there probably would be a collection of those terrifying weapons up there in that spire. The thought caused Francis to shudder, a reaction he masked carefully. He looked over at Vittar and asked a question that he suspected would sound stupid. “Can these Draxxon people help us.”
“Draxxon help only themselves and their customers, the last for a fee of course. They are the premier makers of weaponry in the world and tend to rule by the old-fashioned techniques of hostile takeover or even more hostile competition.”
“Which are?” Asked Mouse.
“They force the market down or burn it down. They’re known to destroy other companies and make sure that the customers must come to them. There are other competitors within the Empire of the Shel like the Sule but the only ones that stay in the same market out here is the Freedom Forge who haven’t been shut down even by Draxxon’s private army.”
“Why not?” Francis blurted out before blushing about how foolish and naïve he must appear.
“The Freedom forge are clever and remain hidden, they sell to Draxxon’s enemies. For example, if Draxxon sell to DaThoul then the Freedom forge will approach his enemies and sell to them, they said The Undying, the local ruler of Draxxon tore his hair out because of…them.” As Vittar spoke he rubbed his chin thoughtfully.
“I don’t think he counts us as his friends.” Mouse commented with a soft giggle.
“And I’m hoping to contact them when we spend some time in Laksee, with some proper armour and weapons we can do some damage.” Vittar replied.
“But what about the stuff we got from the hunters, isn’t that good enough?” Mouse glanced down at her own armour as she spoke before looking at Vittar with raised eyebrows.
“Blue steel plate and chain is basic, nowhere near the top level of equipment and I’m hoping I can cash in a couple of favours for some better stuff. With some upgrades, we can do some damage without you having to go glowing and doomy on us.” 
Vittar’s logic caused them to nod slightly, though better equipment might make them better targets for thieves it should deter the more casual attacker.
Francis smiled to himself, reaching in to fold his fingers around the fragment of the staff as he did so, just to remind himself that he still had it. Casual attackers, as if people wandered around just deciding if they might attack or could not be bothered with it.
As they rode forward details started to emerge on the spire, other smaller spires emerged from the main body like minarets or tiny branches from the main building. The tower itself looked as if it had been constructed out of dozens of great cords that built in a spiral, each cord looked made of something black and glistening that rippled with a strange and slick quality as if it did not only live but that life somehow extended behind those cords and into the air around them. Green and purple veins trickled across each of those threads or perhaps warped branches as if some great heart pumped a sort of blood through veins within. On the ground level, the wide nature of the strands of matter caused a wide base though gaps appeared further and further up until small balconies and galleries became visible. 
“It’s beautiful. How did they build it?” Mouse commented, breaking him out of his reverie.
He had to agree, it did look beautiful in a way but that beauty came from a certain alien quality. No human would have made a combined town and fortress in such a way.
“They didn’t. Ssaved don’t build, not in the way we do. The Dragonlord sang it into existence,” Kathleen said softly.
“I heard that, I don’t see how though.” Vittar replied.
“It’s simple, or rather the theory is. Dragons can warp reality by use of the song, that changes the rules or often just changes reality on some level, which is not available to us. They mould the clay that is the universe.”
“Yeah, that’s all very metaphysical but how does it look when you’re stood there.” Vittar asked.
“To us, the dragons will slowly become extant over the world. A spire would emerge from the ground, growing over weeks or even years and slowly responding to the wishes of the dragon.” Kathleen whispered softly, the after traces of awe lingering in her voice.
“Is that what Evandra does?” Francis interjected.
Kathleen regarded him before smiling that smile he did so love to see. “The dragons can use their song like that, changing the world, the universe or a single object and the more power they imprint the greater their influence with the song.”
“Imprint?”
“Dragons are not like us in that respect, they can gain knowledge embedded within books, or power within objects and those things physically change the dragon, slowly increasing their size and power. The best metal for imprinting is gold, so dragons collect vast hoards of gold though most of the hoard is not for wealth or for glitter but a source of power for the dragon. If something happens to a single coin then the dragon will be stripped of whatever is imprinted in that item.” Kathleen responded, that smile blossoming again as she spoke about the techniques of her goddess.
“Just one question, can people be imprinted?” Mouse asked softly.
“That’s why many dragons keep armies of slaves, with those slaves they gain the knowledge, the skills and the power within all of them. Some prefer hoards of course, wealth doesn’t need to be fed, just protected. Though in some cases, having a soul within an artefact can block imprinting, but that’s rare.”
Once again Francis found himself lost in the knowledge of the others, Mouse knew a little more than him but Kathleen and Vittar seemed a lot more knowledgeable about the world than him, though he had to concede that knowing more about the world than him really would not be that difficult. Even in his ignorance, the power of the Dragonlord must possess would be more than enough reason for DaThoul to avoid annoying him, the spire would have the same effect on troops as it had on him and a siege would be so bloody that even if they took Laksee the cost in lives and in money would have been truly shattering.
“You know, Francis if we could negotiate an alliance with the Dragonlord after all this then he’d make a formidable ally. I mean if we can make DaThoul bleed enough to leave us alone then a proper agreement with this being would work wonders,” Mouse commented.
Francis could only nod at the wisdom in her words and the mental images of really making DaThoul bleed for what he had done; dispelling the pleasant images for when he made them reality he asked, “What was the main produce of Silven?”
“Cattle, grain that kind of thing.” Mouse replied.
Francis nodded and inclined his head, indicating that Mouse look around at the lands they travelled through.
“What am I looking at Francis?” Mouse asked
“What aren’t you looking at,” Francis’s reply came with a smile. 
“Farmland, there isn’t enough of it.” 
Instead of the farmland to support a large population the valley had some but most of the land looked too poor, which meant that any food would have to be imported. Silven, with rich lands could provide food cattle and grain easily and trade might help them forge such an alliance.
“Well, that gives us something we can offer, once we’re on our feet rather than flat on our backs.” Mouse said.
“But we’re on our feet, or rather horseback.” Francis replied, the feeling creeping up on him once more that he had either misheard someone or perhaps did not quite understand what had been said.
“I meant as a state, a small country Francis.” Mouse said with the patience one shows when speaking with someone that does not quite get it or would not get it if it came with a rather large label and a simple guide as to how it might be gotten.
The spire loomed before them as they approached, an expression of power so vast that for a moment Francis felt like an ant crawling across a vast open space before a giant. The veins of the spire’s cords glowed, ripples of radiance pouring up from the ground. Suddenly, the vast power that DaThoul wielded looked like nothing before the Dragonlord, as if he might be invading other countries but the Dragonlord had slowly amassed power to such an overwhelming degree that no even DaThoul would be stupid enough to tempt his wrath.
“Well, we know the Dragonlord is definitely male.” Kathleen said before exchanging a look with Mouse, the kind of look Francis had begun to suspect that women shared when they knew a man could see them.
Mouse responded by giggling softly.
“What? What am I not understanding?” Francis asked.
Mouse had the consideration to lean over and whisper the answer in his ear.
Francis had the decency to blush.
“It looks alive.” Mouse finally commented as they drew towards a circular wall that surrounded the base of the tower, that wall stood over forty foot in height but seemed dwarfed by the spire itself. The wall itself had eight lesser spires around it, each one small before the main spire but looked stockier and more heavily built. Each one had another lesser light upon it, possibly a smaller ship cleaver or all manner of cruel weapons. 
Francis had no doubt that when DaThoul had seen this, or even just heard reports of this he probably backed off from ever annoying the Dragonlord that created this.
“The spires are alive, they grow even after the song and can be shaped to form those little offshoot spires or chambers. It’s a kind of crystalline life form we think.” Kathleen said, wonder making her voice soft.
“Amazing,” Francis whispered under his breath. People were heading in and out of the gates, seeming to be going around their business. From what he could see in the radiance of the spires the people looked busy.
“I’m impressed.” Mouse said softly 
“What, the tower?” Francis responded, looking her way.
“No, the people Francis, they’re fed well and they look intent. This Dragonlord runs a good town by the look of it.”
A look around confirmed what Mouse had seen, once more Francis made a mental note that Mouse seemed to have learned the lessons of rulership well.
Then Francis saw the figures and they looked like something out of nightmare. He had never seen an unmatured Ssaved before, he had heard the stories but nothing prepared him for them.
Both guards came striding their way swiftly and quite nimbly, long tails counterbalancing their bodies and lashing sideways with each step. The Ssaved wore armour, the kind of armour that featured heavily with nasty looking spikes and ridges that looked designed to catch a weapon and probably break it. Ssaved armour looked heavy, incredibly so with overlapping and interlocking plates that would not restrict the movements of the warrior but provide more than adequate protection against weapons. The helmet struck Francis the most; it hid their features entirely but for when they opened their mouths to reveal the rows of serrated teeth that were enhanced by interlocking blades that would probably aid in tearing through flesh. The helmets and armour looked as if they had been grown out of the same materials of the tower with black being punctuated with veins of silver and green. There were no eyeholes within the helmets; black lenses concealed what lay beneath and yet somehow making the idea of whatever lay behind them more terrifying.
Both figures looked down on Francis and his friends even though they rode on horseback.
Francis found the idea that the Dragonlord had an entire force of these monsters alarming, the two guards alone looked like the nightmares of soldiers everywhere. 
“Identify yourself.” One of the guards spoke, Francis noted that the voice sounded more like a hero than one might have thought a serpent might speak, each word spoken carefully but not disguising the deep and clear tones despite them using a language that their mouths were not designed for.
“I’m Kaleb Black of the freedom forge and I’m here to check that the weapons we sold have not disappointed.” It took Francis a moment to realise that Vittar had spoken and he stared at him managing a blank stare easily until he realised how stupid he must have looked.
Kathleen and Mouse exchanged looks, the kind of looks that communicated that they were not surprised and had concluded as much.
“You are the fugitives,” one of the Ssaved said, his booming voice announcing their fugitive status to everyone within a quarter of a mile whom were interested and a good many who were not.
Francis’s heart sank, being called fugitives could never be called good but being labelled by guards that looked as if they could kill them all with minimal effort did not bode well.
“We are not” Kathleen’s indignant tone might have sent many guards scuttling away, she possessed that note that nobles manage when about to command that someone get a good beating or that whomever had made this mistake and it must have been a mistake would be in for a whole world of trouble.
Francis could not tell if the two Ssaved were impressed, but then he doubted that a quarter of a ton of intelligent reptile could be impressed easily.
Both forked tongues flicked out between the fangs and the blades through a narrow central channel that must have been there for that very reason before both guards drew axes large enough to carve a horse in two and hefted them in that ‘we are not here to argue’ manner perfected by guards throughout the world.
“What are your orders?” Vittar demanded, trying to match the bluff of Kathleen’s bristling indignation and failing.
“You are to be taken to the Dragonlord. He has been waiting for you.” As one of the guards spoke, the other flicked his narrow tongue out again.
“I protest our treatment, we cannot just be dragged there like prisoners.” Kathleen tried, though her heart had gone out of the charade.
“We are telling you, you would know if we were dragging you.” Replied one of the warriors, indicating with his axe a doorway and perhaps the alternative to it.

Chapter 15
In front of the Dragonlord, Francis found himself a little puzzled. At first, he had expected possibly an old Ssaved that had never made it to a dragon or possibly a full-grown dragon which would have been large enough to stretch across his old farmland. He had also expected a vast hall lined with treasures or a laboratory with the kind of trappings of someone steeped in magic.
He had not been expecting the Dragonlord to be humanoid, or look humanoid under that armour. He towered almost double the height of a man, massive even when sat on what looked like one of the most ornate thrones Francis had ever imagined with silver chasing and ebony. Francis could not tell if humanoid meant human though for every single inch of the Dragonlord had thick and heavy armour covering it. The armour looked of the same style of the Ssaved guards but instead of the hunched over body plan of the Ssaved the Dragonlord looked as if humanity had just been magnified in him. His slightly translucent black plate armour depicted draconic designs, coiled shapes and mighty forms coiled around his body and like the guards, even his eyes were covered though the impression of fangs marked where the guards had a hinged helmet, his knew no such opening.
Upon the Dragonlord’s shoulder sat a tiny reptilian form, as the figure of the Dragonlord looked like a man doubled this looked like a dragon that had been miniaturised until it looked only a foot or so long. The tiny dragon gave the four of them a cold scrutiny while its owner lounged on his throne, once Francis had heard about Drakes, small relatives of dragons that rarely had the intelligence or power to even be a shadow of a full-grown dragon. 
The chamber itself came as a disappointment, a throne room had in his imagination been a huge area where courtiers stood around and guards lined the walls, this one had no guards and the same number of courtiers. This chamber looked more like an office than a throne room, being big but not big enough to be overstated and the throne having a desk on which herds of paper had gathered in such numbers that in places you could not even see the desk.
Fear knotted Francis’s stomach, even if this room did not look the way it should, more like the chamber of an administrator than a busy ruler, the Dragonlord had their lives in his hand. If he commanded them to be handed right back to the emperor then their adventure would end with a short trip back to Atiria marked with a shorter life afterwards and a much longer death.
The Dragonlord scrutinised them, setting a long black feathered pen down into a golden inkpot, though the scrutiny itself could not be seen behind those black lenses.
The silence stretched on, the tension slowly building in Francis until he wanted to scream or just do something to shatter it.
“I am the Dragonlord,” the massive figure declared in a voice that would bounce off nearby hills and if used in cold climes could cause avalanches. Francis had to wonder, as his fear collected in the pit of his stomach just how many other ten-foot-tall humanoids there were around.
Vittar smiled and rubbed his hands together as he stepped forward. “It’s good to see you again Dragonlord and I see that you look in good health.”
How on earth he could tell that the Dragonlord had good health was a mystery to Francis but Vittar continued.
“I see that the main crystal we acquired for you from Draxxon designs still works. How about the other equipment?”
“The weapons still work Kaleb though there have been problems with Draxxon whom found out that we had purchased them from the freedom forge.” Declared the figure in a voice that boomed without meaning to. Like his body the voice of the Dragonlord seemed to have been magnified in size.
“They found out?” As he spoke an edge formed in Vittar’s or rather Kaleb’s voice that reminded Francis of the old Vittar, an unspoken threat wrapped in armour with a side order of stubble.
The Dragonlord responded by nodding slightly. “They have forced the freedom forge into hiding within my tower and are trying to control the weapons and armour trade here. I do not wish this Kaleb; the spire must be open for all the variations of business and I will not have one company dominate the others.”
“But you allow El Cor here,” Vittar replied.
A silence fell at those words and in his mind’s eye Francis found himself wondering if the Dragonlord had just narrowed his eyes.
“El Cor show little interest here; their office is small and they have yet to sell even a single anima. While you come with an anima before me.” The words were spoken as softly as the Dragonlord might have been able but contained a strong threat in their tone.
“How firm is the Draxxon base here?” Vittar offered, deftly changing the subject before it changed him.
“Too firm for my liking, I have a task for you and your friends Kaleb, I would have you eliminate their warehouse without such a deed returning to me. I need someone unconnected with my administration.”
“But they will be insured, surely, they will just return,” Vittar started but something about the way the figure leaned forward slightly brought him to a halt. Even the small reptile on the Dragonlord’s shoulder seemed to be glaring at him. Francis realised that the best way to read the Dragonlord’s mood might be following the mood of his pet.
“I will deal with that in time, but I feel that you are here with a mission in mind. I would listen to your friends.”
The large head and the pet’s little head turned to face Francis who felt his throat dry up suddenly and sharply.
“I am Francis,” he finally managed, trying not to choke on his words and fear. “And I am looking for vengeance.”
The small reptile raised one scaly ridge over its eye slightly.
“I am the lord of the lands of Silven, now called the howling by the locals for the howling of the people within. The people of Silven were killed, slaughtered to a man woman and child in an attempt by Kelthan DaThoul to make anima for his own use and for sale.”
The helmet nodded slightly while the gauntlets folded on the table before him. Francis found each word easier as he got into his stride.
“For that revenge, we have found a weapon, the artefact that allowed him to do this to my people and I seek to unite it so that once more people can be safe.” He paused, pulling himself upright and folding his arms, the look he tried to give the Dragonlord involved a stern and confidence that he really could not feel before this massive apparition.
“You seek reparation or the death of someone specific.”
“Both,” the word snapped out with heat though Francis shuddered slightly, he had killed now, he had lost his blood innocence but now he admitted to planning murder.
“You are looking an item, a most interesting item,” the Dragonlord said simply, bringing up Francis and stopping him short.
Francis nodded simply in reply.
“Then I will offer you an arrangement. If you rid me of the Draxxon warehouse then I will give you the fragment in my possession and send you on your way. I need someone to take the law into their own hands, and hopefully those hands will carry matches.”
“What about an alliance,” Francis turned his head when Mouse spoke, stepping forward and sweeping her hair back in a confident manner that Francis envied.
“An anima that speaks out?” The Dragonlord said in what passed for quietness.
“I am no anima, I am the remaining lady of Silven, sister of the lord before you.” Mouse declared.
Francis glanced between the two of them, quietly wondering to himself just how the Dragonlord had known about Mouse’s state, something struck him as wrong. Yes, he had heard stories that the ability of the Ssaved to track someone by scent or even to know a good deal about their emotion using their tongue to draw the air into their mouths but the Dragonlord had no orifice for air to enter. 
“And yet you are dead, it is rare indeed for anyone that has travelled to the grave to hold rank. To most people you would be nought but a slave.” His booming voice had a crisp quality but he spoke coolly as if they might have been discussing the weather.
“I am no one’s slave,” the anger in Mouse’s voice made Francis want to step back from her but that would have involved stepping closer to the Dragonlord. For a moment, he felt like a fragile ship sailing a safe and very narrow line between two rather large rocks.
“Free willed as well as remembering your life. It sounds as if someone botched the ritual to turn you. You would have been happier if they had completed, you would be a slave but you would know or want nothing else. If you wish as part of our arrangement I will use my enchantments to disguise you as an anima, to allow you to pass unnoticed among them.”
The hands at Mouse’s sides quivered and clenched into fists and a snarl twisted her lips. Francis steeled himself in case he had to hold her back. When she spoke, she did so with such fury that the words should have burned the air. “I belong to no one. The idea of passing myself off as a slave is repugnant.” 
“Know this, you are an anima, unbonded but an anima. If El Cor ever find you they will blank your mind and sell you as a slave. Be cautious of them. Though it looks as if the work has not been properly done on you, I know enough to complete that work and aid you in a way very few can.” The Dragonlord still seemed relaxed, lounging once more and at ease, only the tiny reptile on his shoulder looked intent.
It occurred to Francis that the Dragonlord had done them a favour by warning them for a company like the legendary El Cor would descend onto Silven and soon there would be no people, just a land devoid of life while all the anima that DaThoul wanted to sell would end up at El Cor’s market. Silven would cease to exist completely rather than even being a bitter memory. They had to make sure that El Cor remained in the dark.
The world had begun to open up to Francis though while it did the dangers such exposed world also seemed to be multiplying. While on the farm he had wished for danger and for adventure, now he found himself almost wishing he had never left the farm.
“And this leads to another question, why would a group with an unbonded anima be interested in such an artefact?”
“We need it to release the spirits of the dead after we’ve gained our revenge.” Kathleen lied and it seemed like a good lie to Francis, he had opened his mouth to respond that they could cure Mouse but something about Kathleen’s haste suggested she had a reason for lying.
“I see,” the Dragonlord’s reply said; that was a lie; without him having to frame the words.
“So, you’ll give us the piece for the destruction of a Draxxon warehouse then?” Francis said a little too hastily.
“Indeed, that is the offer on my desk.”
“Then we accept, destroying a warehouse can’t be that hard.” Francis grinned but then he glanced sideways and noted Vittar’s expression which wiped the smile away.
“Do this, clear the minions of The Undying and you will get safe passage and your staff fragment. It’s so tasteless in design and little use to me thanks to the soul within.” The Dragonlord gave a brief gesture indicating that they were dismissed.

The set of rooms they were assigned had a balcony and the type of décor that suggested that they were guest chambers. 
Vittar stalked over to the balcony, which looked as if they must have been halfway up the tower, the fine railings of the balcony along with the floor looked like they were composed of extensions of the cords that made up the tower with complicated and circular lines over every surface.
“You don’t get it Franky, you shouldn’t have just agreed like that.”
Francis looked at Mouse who shrugged to him before he turned back to Vittar. “What’s the problem Vittar, or Kaleb, it’s just a warehouse.”
His words just seemed to inflame Vittar’s irritation all the more and he leaned on the railing away from them for a moment as if building up the strength to face the stupidity of another. When he turned back he leaned backward on the railing. “You don’t get it, this might be just a warehouse but it’s also a Draxxon warehouse. They’ll have guards.”
“Can’t we just knock them out and tie them up or something?” Francis paused, just wondering how naïve he must have sounded.
“Draxxon, a company that has established a stranglehold over weapons development in the empire of the Shel and has a bigger army than many small countries. If they find out it’s us they’ll send even more hunters after us.” 
“So, can we do this without leaving a trace?”
“A big hole in the ground where a warehouse used to be is a pretty big trace Franky.”
“Then we’ll make more enemies, they can join the queue.” Mouse interrupted.
“They’ll not be a new enemy to me, so I guess you are right.” Muttered Vittar darkly, his eyes glittering coldly.
“So, you’re with the freedom forge?” Mouse chose that moment to ask.
Vittar nodded slightly, his eyes still distant “Yeah, I joined up with them when I saw what Draxxon did to competition. You see Draxxon sell to local lords and armies, they make good weapons and armour, the best in the world and it gets better as the price goes up but they’re intolerant of people in the same field as them.”
“Weapons?”
“Any field they choose to occupy. I grew up and started my working life with a company called Regent armour off in Thule. We made the best, we found a way to temper blue steel to new tolerances and alloying it with silver to produce a metal we called starlight, brilliant, gleaming and light while remaining tremendously strong. One day Draxxon turned up with more money than my employer old man Black had ever seen and wanted to buy the secret of making starlight.”
“What happened?” Mouse stepped over and gently rested a hand on one of his meaty shoulders while Vittar pressed his eyes closed as if he wanted to deny the pain of such old memories. Francis found seeing Vittar being emotional rather unsettling, like seeing a bulldog dance, the scene did not look natural to him.
“Black said no, of course he thought that the guards we hired would keep them from doing anything but when they struck back they did it with their usual finesse. The bank suddenly foreclosed on us; no explanation and no late payments. I turned up to work one day and the forge was shut. Old man Black couldn’t stand it, every time he tried to get his business going the banks would shut him out and soon enough he had to go for less and less senior jobs until eventually the only people that would give him a job was Draxxon and he ended up being a junior smith in a forge that he should have been running. He had to sell the starlight secret onto Draxxon who paid him, thanked him and sacked him. The old man ended up broken, unable to work or improve on what he’d done and too proud to crawl back. That man had been like a father to me and in the end, they say he threw himself out of a tenth floor window, as if he would.” Vittar’s venom grew with the last words which he chewed out with revulsion and disgust and he paced in, seeming more like one of nature’s pacers in agitation.
A silence fell after Vittar’s words and for a moment Francis saw in him the same loss of opportunity of his own life, something had interfered and thrown his life from one path onto another, doorways had slammed shut on him just as they had on Francis
“Anyway,” continued Vittar. “The Freedom forge contacted me and told me about their work. I made starlight for them just to damage Draxxon’s earnings and I sold weapons for them, I even worked here for a while, a couple of years ago until a Draxxon ‘collections’ squad came looking for me. You see, when someone will not work for them and they want their skills Draxxon will kill them, hand them over to El Cor and then suddenly gain a new blue animus to work for them.”
“Blue animus?” Francis asked, he had not been aware that there were different grades of animus.
“There are brown, blue and white anima produced by El Cor, the browns are your basic labour, no skills and the intelligence of a dead dog. Then there are blues, skilled artisans and artists but with limits on their thinking and intelligence and whites whom are bright, clever and can even be mages. Whites are the pleasure slaves in most cases though some guys use blues.” Vittar muttered, the coldness lingering in his eyes that suggested that he did not appreciate having to explain.
“So, you ran,” said Kathleen.
“Yeah, I ran to a place I used to lay low from time to time, Knep’s end and that’s where I met you guys. I went there to avoid trouble, particularly trouble that could kill me, I didn’t know you’d create a whole new sort of trouble.”
“So, can we do this?” Asked Mouse.
“We can and it’d be fun to pay those bastards back for what they did to the old man. I like nothing more than causing them pain or worse for them causing them loss of profits.  But when we’re finished we have to pretty much go on the run in case they work out who did it.”
“Last time I looked we were already on the run.” Kathleen observed wryly
“Well yeah but these guys are more able than DaThoul’s lot, the military of Atiria’s poor skills at tracking people down is one of the main reasons I hid there. Funny thing though, I never associated it with those people coming after me.”
“And that’s what DaThoul wanted to do to Mouse and my people,” Francis muttered darkly.
“It sounds like they botched the job badly. An anima is a status symbol in the empire, good ones sell for thousands. It’s a shame El Cor would want to investigate or we could take Mouse there and get that sorted out. The problem is they would probably blank her as well, wiping her memories and personality.” Vittar commented, folding his arms as he sat on a chaise-lounge, looking like the sort of person that a person normally would not allow on that kind of furniture.
“No, they’re not doing anything with my sister and we need to make sure they don’t find out about Silven.” Francis replied.
“All we can do is act quickly now Francis, we can’t just hope they don’t find out. The secret has remained a secret for a long time though, it is unlikely that DaThoul would tell them now.” Kathleen glanced over at Francis and he nodded slightly. Right then he would have given a lot just to have some time alone with her but even as he thought about how they might spend that time the face of the princess kept intruding, overlaying herself over Kathleen and distracting his mind’s eye.
A few moments later, four men brought in enough varied food to feed about ten people. Silver trays carried the sorts of food which Francis had never seen with meats from animals from birds and loaves of bread that looked more like knots rather than the brown lumps that Francis had always been used to. The men left without a word and Francis sat down to eat.
“Just a question, how are we going to do this, I mean destroying a warehouse doesn’t sound that easy.” Mouse asked
“It’s easy enough, we start a fire and possibly have some help,” as he said that Vittar looked over at Kathleen whom nodded slightly
“I know a spell that will help, though we’re not supposed to broadcast our power and use it openly. Evandra prefers subtlety.”
The subject of Kathleen’s magic had always been one that Francis found difficult to understand, most people did not like magic and in sections of the empire magic existed as something to be feared and dreaded. For that reason, the priestesses of Evandra, most of whom had power in its use preferred to act in a low-key manner that left most people unsure if they had done anything at all, people using magic openly could end up the target of a very specifically minded mob who would ask some very pointed questions. Even with Francis Kathleen kept with the policy of her faith.
“What can you do?” Francis asked, he had always wanted to know more about what she might be capable of but Kathleen had a good way of changing the subject in fact her reticence seemed to outshine even the rest of the priestesses.
Kathleen pursed her lips and straightened her back, her hands straightening her skirt before she finally said. “Most of us learn a spell based around fire, most of the time we might use it with the least focus and light a fire while people aren’t looking but the same spell used properly can do a lot of damage. It would obviously be sorcery though; the flame will burn blue and will burn very hot.”
Francis kept his jaw from dropping. He had heard the tales of casters hurling fire though even the stories had some censure in Atiria. He had never imagined Kathleen had that sort of power. 
“Will we need to be close?” Mouse asked, practical as always.
“We will need to be inside, I will have to centre the fire right in the middle of the warehouse otherwise it will not do nearly enough damage and might catch other buildings. This level of the spell isn’t approved of in the faith, while useful the use of magical fire can easy bring out an entire town hunting for the caster.”
Though Francis did feel nervous about the burning down of the warehouse there existed a tiny portion of him wanted to see what Kathleen could do. Draxxon sounded like the kind of company that would kill a person without even considering anything more other than how much that person could get for them as a slave. He glanced around at the others; they were going to break the law. Well, the head of state had told them what they were to do and they were already fugitives but he had never set out to break into a building before, the very thought disturbed the law-abiding core deep within him. He asked with a bit of a tremor in his voice. “Is this the right thing to do?”
Suddenly he found all three of them were staring at him and he blushed slightly before glancing down at the two sliced of bread that held a thin layer of meat in one hand. What he said had not sounded so stupid within his head, just after he had said it.
“Franky, we’re wanted throughout Atiria and the Dragonlord himself has asked us to do this. We need to get this guy to like us.” Vittar said, smiling coldly.
“He could stab us in the back, arresting us the moment we’re finished and hanging us over to Atiria.” Mouse added.
“He could but then he could do that at any time. I know it’s hard to trust but I think it best we destroy this Draxxon building anyway.” Vittar managed to say the word Draxxon without snarling too much, considering the history Francis thought he showed admirable restraint for even the mention of DaThoul caused a swell of hatred within him that he had to push down to think clearly. Francis bit into his bread while frowning, they were right of course he had already killed and broken the law a few times but the habits of being law abiding sometimes called back to him as if the sins he had already committed could be washed away by good behaviour.
How could Atiria still have such power over him? The realisation flooded into the back of his mind, washing away the doubt with the tincture of bitter realisation that no matter how he remained within the law DaThoul had killed his family and done things that made his actions pale into insignificance.  He had to be strong, for Mouse and all the people of Silven, he could not waver else they could be lost to him. 
In the stories things were simpler, good and evil were divided with the good always acting within the law and emerging victorious, those stories seemed to simplify the world, to break it down into the opposites that would never meet. Perhaps that world only existed to comfort the person, to make them feel that there were no shades of grey within a world where the good were handsome and the evil were ugly. The world did not act like that, not really but Francis knew with a certain sadness that they had to remain focused on the mission. The Dragonlord had asked them to do something and they needed what he had, the equation had clarity in simplicity even when grey in morality. 
“We rest today and we do this tonight. Vittar, we need you to find a way in and then we’ll keep a watch out while Kathleen sets up. How much time will you need?”
Kathleen stared at him a moment, her surprise evident “About twenty minutes to set up the spell.”
“Now, we also need to make sure they don’t know that we burned their place, suggestions?” Francis asked.
“We have to make sure that no one sees our faces, so we cover them.” Supplied Vittar
“I have another spell that will cloud attempts to use magic to track us. I haven’t used them before since DaThoul is unlikely to do that sort of thing.” Kathleen added
Francis nodded. “Good, then we do that, Vittar could you check with the guards or whatever is outside our door to make sure they have something we can hide our faces with.”
Vittar nodded and stood to head for the door.
“What if someone sees us?” Mouse added.
“Well, we knock them out and drag them out of the warehouse before we torch it.” Francis said, glancing up at a growl from Vittar that told him he had overheard. He would not bend on that matter though, when he killed without it being in self-defence it would be the day he would be as bad as DaThoul.
“While we’re there we can pick up some weapons and armour, better than this stuff.”
As Francis turned his head towards the balcony a cool night breeze blew against the skin of his face and after a moment he nodded. “Vittar, can we leave that in your hands while Kathleen prepares her spells.”
Vittar grunted an affirmative after a moment and Francis looked from face to face, each of them had that excitement about them, in a way it felt to Francis they had finally turned a corner, they were no longer fleeing and tramping through the night with the constant fear of being attacked. 
“I guess we spend the day as the Dragonlord’s guests,” he finished, not that he had to say twice for the last few nights had been a hard drive, they had not really rested at any point, instead just gathering strength for the next night.

Three hours later, Francis was in hot water all the way to his neck, or it would have been more accurate to say warm water that only now began to cool. After they had spoken Kathleen had dragged Mouse off to show her something and later came back with wet hair. A short time later Francis experienced his first warm bath and discovered thick liquid that once poured into the bath would produce such a mass of white bubbles and froth that he thought the froth might be like the top of a glass of ale. Foolishly he had attempted to taste the froth once he had sputtered the taste out of his mouth he settled back to enjoy himself.
The tiny gnawing worm of worry continued to gnaw at his stomach, even here within warm water. What did he bring to the group, what did he really do that the others could not do for themselves. Mouse seemed more savvy and au fait with the way of power and the world, Francis found it a particularly cold admonition of his own talents when he knew less than someone whom had been dead for nearly ten years. Vittar turned out to have contacts everywhere. Kathleen’s magical talents would no doubt prove useful, everyone in the group had their use apart from him. When a young man feels like a useless passenger it tends to work its way into his heart, slowly dissolving self-esteem and eating away at any feeling of worth. He slowly set the fragment down on the side of the bath, slowly leaning back and watching the fragment as if expecting it to do something.
Without that fragment, he could do nothing, he carried the thing and communicated with Jamiliah. All the worth he derived within the group came from an artefact he had dug out of the ground. If he had missed, if his hoe had struck a few inches away none of this would have happened and Kathleen and Vittar would have still been safe and warm in Knep’s end.
But then Mouse would still be waiting in Silven, a voice raised with other voices for the howling and without any hope at all. Life might have been a lot simpler without the staff but he had learned about commitments and duty for his family and the people that he had only just learned were his. It might have been easy to walk away but no, he could not, he would not still be human if he did that. He closed his eyes, letting his thoughts wander. One of the problems with relaxation is that it allowed the mind to mull, to contemplate. Since this had all began there had been no rest, there had merely been running and fighting, what time they had spent trying to sleep had not been sleep, not really but a deep unconsciousness where Jamiliah had entered his dreams. In a few days, his life had been turned over, his farm gone and now he had a quest, a great work. Oh, he had long since dreamed of having a quest that he could follow but the knights in the sagas had not lost everything to find it and were ruled over by a wise and fair ruler, not a homicidal maniac who saw people as a saleable.
Or did all rulers become that way, the power slowly blackening their souls until one day the king sees those around them as less people but more like things to be moved around the chessboard of the kingdom, did power corrupt so swiftly and totally that anyone that wielded it became its’ tool. In a way, he had gained the power of the fragment of the staff and it often seemed as if it wielded him rather than the other way around, the staff used him as a vehicle, a means of getting from one place to another and at times that knowledge wore at him, pulling him thin. Choice, he did have the choice to set the fragment down and walk away, it might have seemed tempting but the events had occurred a grim dance of death had drawn him and the others in until now they had been running just to avoid being killed, there had been a world once containing rest and safety but that world no longer existed for any of them and had not for Mouse for years.
The water seemed to move over his skin, slowly forcing muscles to relax and working out the grime of more than a few days travelling. The bath had turned out to be sunken into the floor of the chamber and large enough to accommodate an unchanged Ssaved warrior in comfort which mean that three or four people could have stretched out in the massive depression in the tower floor with comfort, for the moment he lay by himself, letting the waters work their magic on him. Kathleen had to show him how to fill the large black lined bowl with water by passing hand over a portion of the bath’s gleaming rim and soon enough Francis decided that he had tried something new that he liked, really liked as he lay there with steam arising around him, moisture collected on the white fragment which lay on the edge of the bath. Even now he could not let it out of her sight, almost as if it owned him as much as he it.
“Are you still in there?” Kathleen’s voice rung out from the door, she did not open it much to Francis’s relief.
“Yes, I’m here, do you want this thing again?” After growing up on a farm Francis had gotten used to bathing in the style often favoured by Atirian peasantry, usually in a horse trough or the river. What had always been an uncomfortable necessity had been changed by the simple expedient of warming the water.
“Can I come in?”
Even the question made Francis blush and he moved to cover anything important with his hands. Women never watched when the men bathed, or so he had always been told.
“Come on in,” he finally managed.
Kathleen slipped in, smiling as she chose to settle on a section of the wall that had been formed into a large and comfortable chair that managed to be soft and cushioned. That chair had made Francis wonder, after all why would someone put a chair in a room meant for bathing unless someone had intended to sit and watch.
Francis made sure that the bath concealed most of his body by pressing up against the wall nearest her before smiling. “Hello Kathleen, how are you?”
“Look, Francis, I want to apologise about last night and we’ve just been too busy.” She replied, leaning forward and folding her hands in her lap.
“It’s alright, we’ve both been pushed to the edge.” Replied Francis, during the bath he had finally had time to think without the constant threat of capture or attack. They had been pushed and pushed since the entire affair began and while the companions or fellows in the stories always seemed to work well together, people under those conditions could get a little testy at the best of times.
 “Yes,” she replied, smiling that little smile that she always reserved for him and had existed for years as a bond between them. In response he raised a hand, coated with enough of the white foam to make an entire keg of ale and blew on it, instead of flying in her direction the stuff just seemed to deform under his breath, a couple of flecks managing to go a few inches before they tumbled back into the bath like flakes of snow. 
Kathleen smiled in response, reaching down to scoop up some of the froth with her hand and trying to flick it towards him. When that failed she just splashed him with warm water.
“I know it seems a long way away now Kathleen but one day we will look back on this. We just need to last this thing out.”
She smiled again but he noted that edge of nervousness again in a tiny catch of her breath.
“It’s good to relax and when Silven’s up and running I think we’ll have to get one of these warm bath things.”
She laughed, Francis liked to hear her laugh after all they had been through there had been few laughs the last few days.
“Well, there is a way of making it better Francis.” She said, that smile still touching her lips and for a moment Francis thought he could see a tiny touch of nervousness in her eyes as they flicked down at the fragment of coldly gleaming metal and then back to him.
“What do you mean?”
Without a word, she stood, shedding her clothes before stepping down into the bath. In moments, she pressed herself against him and they rained kisses on each other, aiming at the lips and often missing while their hands were on each other as if the other’s body existed as an enigma that had to be touched and touched again to understand.
Francis soon knew a lot more about the opposite sex.

Chapter 16
That night Francis once more dreamt those strange dreams, if they could be called dreams as such. There had always been a feeling of disconnection when sliding into the mental space that he accessed through Jamiliah and the staff and for a moment he found himself standing within deep and dark woods while the sounds of marching feet filled his mind.
It took him several more seconds before recognition flooded back that these woods were those around Silven and while grey shapes moved within them, a column of men, horses and the machinery of war trudged down a single paved road. They seemed unaware of Francis as he moved in a little, trying to keep himself concealed even though it might not have been needed.
“They can’t see you, or hear you Francis, this is another memory.” Jamiliah’s voice caused Francis to almost jump out of the bushes he had chosen
“I wish you wouldn’t do that, you nearly shocked the life out of me.” Francis replied, slowly standing and regarding her. 
This time she had chosen the form fitting white dress, or perhaps he had chosen it for her, he conceded that he might have chosen the scooped neckline that showed a nice suggestion of cleavage without being tasteless and the white belt picked out in silver that gathered the dress at her slender waist and possibly even the bell sleeves that hung gracefully on her arms.
“What’s going on?” He finally asked, breaking himself out of the reverie of admiring the young woman before him.
“I’m sorry to drag you here my Knight, but the last owner whom used the staff whole is probing. I think he wants to try and track you down.” She replied, not seeming to notice his contemplation of her form.
“Does this happen every time someone whom has a part of you tries to find out where you are?”
She nodded, giving him a tiny little suggestion of a smile as if he had finally earned one. “Yes, it does and this isn’t going to be good for you my Knight.”
As she spoke the monotony of the horde of marching men suddenly became broken by a large party of armed knights, all surrounding a small trio of figures also on horseback. The first looked like a commander, his armour practical and a sullen caste to his hawklike features that suggested that he could think of a dozen places he would rather be than here. Though the man carried himself with the precision and air of authority of someone that could command armies, there did seem something else about the man, almost as if he governed his life by a strict element of control.
Beside the commander rode a woman, slender and graceful with hair the colour of spun gold and an oval face, her eyes kept flicking to the commander, almost as if constantly aware of him and yet, he seemed unaware of her.
The third figure caught Francis’s attention; he looked compact and muscular, wearing a tunic and breeches of fine cut and fabric. He might have looked unremarkable, with hair cropped short but his manner set him apart, marking him as someone born to rule and determined to do such without thought for others, he did not look like a cruel man, just someone that did not think about the consequences of his actions for others. Cradled in one arm, he carried the whole staff. Occasionally, when he thought no one saw he seemed to glance down at the staff and smile a tiny little smile and his hand would trail down it fondly, as if he caressed a woman rather than cold ceramic.
“Kelthan DaThoul.” The recognition caused the words to blurt out almost at a shout and if they had been anywhere but a memory they would have been doomed.
“Where are they going?” Francis demanded, seizing Jamiliah by the shoulders even though he did know the answer.
“Silven, this is the memory from just before I fragmented myself.” Her words caused sensation to sink in Francis’s stomach and he released her to stagger back. 
“No, no stop this, you have to stop this.” He demanded.
She shook her head slightly in reply and Francis found his attention drawn back to the army on the move, they did not march in step as he always thought they would, instead the rows on rows of armoured men seeming to be focused on just putting one foot in front of the other almost as if the army existed only as a single entity, a vast thing of shuffling feet and blank stares that headed for his home.
He looked at her, trailing alongside the army and noted for the first time a tear ran down one of her cheeks. For a long time, the woman had seemed like ice, frozen and somehow brittle but now that resolve seemed to collapse, exposing something tender beneath that he knew he could wound with a word and knew that he would not.
The woods parted and for the first time Francis looked on the walls of the town he had been born in. Silven had been one of those towns that were circled in stone and picked out in neat little rows. From the rise the army marched on, Francis could see a neat community with a lack of hovels and clean pale stone buildings separated by wide streets.
At the core of the town, placed where people could flock to stood the castle, a modest structure with a single wall that loomed like some great grey foreshadow of events to come. The castle had been built to defend the people and the town looked like one too clean to attract disease. Silven looked like the kind of place where money had been spent on building a quality of life for the populace and the realisation came to Francis with sickening dread that he would see it obliterated.
At some signal that had avoided Francis’s notice, the army stopped and started to spread out, riders quickly picketing the city. The commander moved quickly, taking with him a clutch of men to aid with the patrols and seal the people in to their fates, there would be only one survivor this day, that much Francis knew.
DaThoul motioned and a single man rode forward from the spreading lines of the army, it took Francis a moment to realise that not one siege weapon had been brought and no one carried anything to bring down city walls, with a growing dread he knew why, they simply would not need anything to bring down walls or the castle.
“People of Silven, you will lay down your arms and surrender.” The man’s voice boomed with a greater loudness that should have been natural and when he had finished the man lowered what looked to be a metallic cube in one hand.
 Francis’s throat dried as no reply came, there would be none for the people of Silven would not expect this from their rulers. There might be a little a little confusion but nothing more. 
Kelthan raised the staff and for a moment the world vanished in whiteness, the blazing ferocity of the unleashed power caused Francis to turn his gaze away, fixing it on Jamiliah whom watched the unfolding drama with tears now streaming down her face.
He reached over, resting one hand gently on her arm and her quivering little smile might not have broken her obvious despair but somehow her burden seemed a tiny bit lighter.
The blaze of intensity dispelled all shadows, turning daylight into something so pure and merciless that no colour existed. White fire ripped from the staff and tore into the wall around the main gate that had once marked where people entered Silven. The stones of the gate tore apart; exploding with such breath-taking violence that Francis would not have believed it possible that any artefact could possess such destructive force.
Screams marked the dying or those that would soon wish that they were dead.
“He didn’t even give them a chance to surrender,” Francis whispered, horror draining the strength from his voice, beside him he heard Jamiliah’s weeping and knew with sickening certainty that any horror he could feel would be magnified within her, the weapon slaughtering these guards.
The forces of Silven could do little, men gathered and shouted but soon enough that white flame licked out and consumed them and their weapons with unforgiving brutality.  Some peasants even took up arms but they might have well as been spitting in the wind for they had no reply to the power of the staff and the savagery with which the ruler of Atiria wielded it. Francis had imagined the scene as battle, a conflict where bravery and determination might have shown like flickering flames of light within the growing dark. Only now did he realise that no such battle had occurred, there had been no declaration of war, only a sudden attack and a slaughter of staggering magnitude.
Upon the walls of the castle, men gathered and Francis noted with a lump in his throat that they were mainly men that had snatched up weapons and lacked armour or tabards. Even in the face of such horrifying power they tried to mount a defence. Some shots were fired, some of Kelthan’s men died and then a bolt of flame hit the castle walls, splitting them with the ease of a fist striking an eggshell before that flame ripped across the battlements, obliterating more than it killed.
“He’s just killing them, just slaughtering them,” Francis sobbed, he had not realised when he started crying but his tears fell as liberally as Jamiliah’s.
Francis had never been equipped to understand evil, the evil so far beyond mere self-interest that people just became things to be used for amusement or pleasure with not thoughts for their deaths or pain. It did not take long before what little resistance that had occurred had been so surely annihilated that the remains of most of the men of Silven lay in fragments of flesh and burned bone. Even the wolves tried to intervene but they soon shared the same fate as the defenders.
No other sound came when slowly Kelthan rode into the town square alone without any of his men around him, women and children huddled from him, cowering with the terror of those with no recourse.
“He and Sharrath tried to use me, so I struck back,” Jamiliah managed, between sobs and Francis wrapped his arms around her but he could not stop himself from watching.
Kelthan raised the staff, that object that held such power that it looked like a hole cut in the universe all the way to the heart of some brilliant furnace. “Now my staff I have some orders for you. Turn the women of this town into anima, slaying them and making them slaves such as El Cor produce. We will this day have slaves to sell like El Cor.”
The staff glowed brighter, until no other light seemed possible than that which burned within its shell as power pulsed out and people died, their lives drawn from them. At first it looked as if the staff intended to fully follow his orders as those people that lived within the city and had survived the slaughter found their lives extinguished by a greater force.
Francis screwed his eyes shut, pulling Jamiliah towards him and hiding her face in his shoulder but the screams continued until soon no screaming occurred.
At some moment, some point so subtle that Francis never really noticed it, the sounds changed and the many screams of women might have fallen but one man’s scream rung out.
Opening his eyes Francis saw Kelthan recoil, throwing the staff away from him while his eyes filled with such horror that Francis thought his mind would snap like a brittle twig exposed to too much strain.
In that moment, the woman with golden hair came as if from nowhere snapped the staff up and in moments her scream followed.
“What did you do to him?” Francis asked softly.
“I showed him his those that wished him dead, all of them.” Jamiliah’s reply caused little reaction in Francis, whom could not connect within his mind just how such a minor response would lead to the screaming man whom gibbered as if madness ripped him apart.
“I’m sorry my Knight,” Jamiliah said softly as the scene began to fade from around them only to be replaced by her chambers. She pressed herself against him and he held her gently.
“It’s alright, you were the weapon Jamiliah, you had to follow their orders. The blame is not yours, it’s his.”
“I know, but all those people,” she wept forcefully, clutching to him as if her life depended on his existence as if he represented an anchor to reality.
“You tried to make sure it would not happen again Jamiliah, I will use you to gain our revenge and you will cure my people. We will set things right.”
Holding her Francis did not move, just letting her cry herself out and knowing what they had to do.
He never knew when he passed into slumber, but he slept deeply when it came.

Chapter 17
To say Francis had a little buzz as they got ready the next evening would be an understatement, there comes a time in any young man’s life where theory becomes practice and often it takes practice to make perfect. His dreams had been free of Jamiliah but his waking time within the bedchamber had been focused around another woman entirely and from time to time the two of them shared a smile, a touch of the hands or a shadow of the intimacy of the night before.
He hardly even took much notice as a Ssaved warrior guided them down to the trade quarter, a chamber within the base of the spire that looked so immense that Francis wondered if they had gone underground. All the bustle of the trade ward, with warehouses and a market where the space between two stalls turned out to be another stall and shop fronts displayed wares to the world might have had him wandering around in a daze if he had not achieved that state already.
Francis had always considered the market day at Knep’s end to be busy but now there seemed so many people packed together in this place that if he had been paying more attention the thought of how much money would be changing hands might have given him a dry mouth. Soon enough they passed out of the market proper into the surrounding district here large wood and stone buildings huddled together and were only separated by narrow roads and even narrower alleyways. Francis almost felt as if he travelled through human made chasms with immense buildings looming over them. If the market place saw money and goods change hands then this district looked more like the place where goods were stored while their fate would be elsewhere discussed and finally decided. The featureless stone walls in places looked so close together that Francis wondered if they could be climbed by pressing a hand and foot against each building on the side of the alley.
Vittar handed out what looked like a collection of executioner’s hoods after they had dressed in clothing that seemed so drab and dark grey that it looked unglamorous for the task in hand. Vittar also slung a rather bulky backpack on before pushing one Francis’s way, a backpack that proved to be empty. Vittar looked their way and groaned. “We’re ready, but you two need to get a room.”
“We’ve been in a room.” Francis answered, Kathleen giggled softly while she pulled the hood on. The cloth felt cool against Francis’s face and for the moment he had to look between the others while allowing himself a smile beneath his hood. Kathleen or at least he hoped it was Kathleen took his hand.
Vittar held up one hand and signalled for the Ssaved warrior to lean over him, whispering up to the distant ear hole somewhere within the armoured and reptilian mass seemed to be a small challenge “Point out the warehouse and we’ll do the rest, you are kind of conspicuous.”
The Ssaved regarded him, expressionless behind the helmet before it extended one hand towards a building in the distance before the Ssaved turned and left.
The Draxxon building proved to be a plain warehouse with little in the way of security though considering just how solidly they had built it perhaps not that much security had been needed. The windows looked small and high up off the ground, the doors were made of the thick iron bound oak that often got used in buildings that might encounter sieges sometime within their lifetime. The entire warehouse needed would be crenulations around the roof for archers to hide behind and it would have looked more like a bulky fortress. If a building could intimidate this one caused Francis to grind to a halt and feel overmatched.
“It’s massive,” Mouse added, not really helping Francis feel all that confident.
The bulky form that must have been Vittar shook his head and motioned for them to follow, Francis found himself glancing around nervously but there seemed no sign of guards.
“I expected a few more burly guys around,” he hissed and through the holes in his mask Vittar narrowed his eyes.
“Security for Draxxon doesn’t work like that, not at first and this is a minor office. They know that the Dragonlord doesn’t like them so they’re probably trying to keep their heads down. The great thing is about when people keep their heads down is it’s easier to sneak past them.” Vittar produced a rope complete with grappling hook from somewhere within his pack and spent a moment looking up.
“Right, this should be simple enough, I’m going to go up the rope, you guys keep an eye out and I’ll open the door for you. Got it.”
Francis got it and nodded to indicate that he had before he realised that the hoods they wore made a nod not the most expressive of gestures. “Yes.”
Vittar’s first effort nearly impaled the hook on the grappling iron into Kathleen’s head, the iron thudding back down on a spot she had barely vacated.
“Oh, for Evandra’s sake,” she muttered darkly before muttering something else, this time in words that seemed to scorch the air, words in a language so ancient and primal that Francis found himself glancing around nervously in case something popped out of the air. She leapt up before she scuttled up the side of the wall with such agility that Francis found his jaw dropping.
A few minutes a side door opened and Kathleen motioned for them to enter.
For a moment Francis found himself lost in a feeling of admiration for her, she worked magic without it frightening her, only when Mouse reached out and drew him in by the elbow did he once more awaken to the real world.
The inside of the warehouse struck Francis as huge, so huge that large wooden crates stood on top of each other all branded with the single symbol of two crackling wands, crossed.
 Each of the crates look to not only be made of wood but also to be reinforced with thick bands of blue steel that could probably resist almost any force from within. 
“Weird crates.” Francis observed.
Vittar gave him a look that managed to communicate that he should keep his voice lowered without the need for facial contact. “It’s against a flux, the magical merchant’s dread.”
Once again Francis felt more than a little stupid. “A flux?”
Kathleen took his arm and whispered in, or near his ear. “A flux, when too much magic is put into one place a flux sometimes happens which can lead to the magic generating lots of heat. The crates shield each other. The wood dampens magic and the blue steel helps earth it.”
“Will us setting fire to it all cause a flux?”
Kathleen nodded just the once and Francis wondered if the flux would be part of the idea, they were setting the fire and once it started to reach the magical items the heat would only intensify, melting even blue steel and destroying everything within the warehouse.
“Sagacity. Where are the crates we need for the special order? We have to go to headquarters tomorrow and I’d like that crate out of here.” A male voice declared near them, Vittar raised his hand and brought it down sharply causing them all to drop.
From the poor light of cheap and insufficient lighting of white glowglobes a small man entered the centre of the warehouse where the piles of crates allowed for a clearing. His hair had parted in the middle and then parted more until the dome of his head looked as if the hair had been added as side decorations or foliage either side of a rock. His clothing looked functional, with fine brown cloth forming a robe that concealed almost everything including probably some weapons 
Following the man, a small woman entered the space, her clothing consisted of a one-piece dress, tinted blue and short enough to stretch only halfway down to her knees. The strappy top suggested a woman that intended to show some of her curvy cleavage as well as a good amount of the thigh showed by her skirt. She wore her hair long and tinted a pure black that seemed to absorb light like a starless night in the poor light of the warehouse.  She followed the man without a word, trailing behind him and smiling a blank little smile.  Her voice struck Francis as feminine, the kind of feminine of a woman that had trained to influence the male libido like certain images with lots of flesh tones and certain scenes. “They have arrived master, they are being held in the transit chamber.”
Francis heard a low and animal sound, full of threat and a look told him that Vittar seemed to be bristling. With his face covered it took the noise and the way Vittar’s muscles had seemed to bunch to announce the tension.
“What’s wrong?” Francis hissed to Vittar.
“His name’s Clovis and he shouldn’t be here. He works for the freedom forge and there’s only one reason he could be here.” Vittar’s words contained affronted fury and Francis put his hand on the bigger man’s arm as if to stop him.
“He’s working for both sides.”
“There were times when Draxxon seemed to know what we were doing, when the bastards would turn up suddenly and try to dominate the market. We were pushed hard to make weapons for any rebels, soon most of them ended up crushed beneath the weight of government troops carrying Draxxon weapons and wearing their armour. Draxxon never terrorised nations, but their implements have allowed tyrants to hold on to power across the world.”
“Well, can’t you stop him?” Francis asked though he knew the answer and the means 
 “Oh, I’ll stop him, I’ll stop him dead.” Vittar growled and moved.
The movement looked like something out of the jungle, the tension that had built up in Vittar and no doubt been building since he had been a young man and had seen all his dreams destroyed by a corporation without a face. For a long time that faceless organisation had shadowed him until the only peace he could find existed in a place where the people had never even heard of Draxxon or the few who had knew it only as a distant firm. That tension uncoiled, all in one go, carrying Vittar like some huge predator to Clovis and slamming the big man into him. Clovis went off his feet and slammed into the floor before Vittar slammed his foot into the man’s side.
Francis followed, a glance at the slave showed him that she stood there with a slightly puzzled expression as if what she saw did not add up with what she had been taught the world could be like. Francis had to conclude that she might be an animus, or a slave of some form.
Francis turned his head and nodded to Kathleen for her to begin her preparations. A signal then went to Mouse for her to check for others. He almost went with her but the feeling lingered that he should remain around to watch Vittar, just in case.
“Clovis, what are you doing?” Snapped Vittar, his voice more of a growl than a human enunciation.
“Do I know you?” Clovis blinked up this large hooded figure that had pinned him with a knee on his stomach.
“No, wait.” Francis shouted, but Vittar did not listen, the adrenaline and fury having so filled him drove him so hard now that he obviously did not think as he pulled his hood off and put his face so close to Clovis’s that identification not only would not be a problem but Clovis could probably give Draxxon an accurate bristle count.
“Kaleb,” Clovis said a cruel smile growing and spreading like a foul slick across his lips.
“Yeah, it’s me and what are you doing here Clovis?” Vittar snarled as he pulled Clovis up slightly by the scruff of his neck.
“You’re not very bright are you Kaleb, productive as a worker and skilled as a magesmith but I must admit you lack in intelligence.” Clovis spoke with a sneering tone that contained only contempt as he moved himself slightly, as much as Vittar would allow him before the knee increased the force on his stomach a little more.
“What do you mean, we worked for the freedom forge and now you’re here you bastard. You betrayed us didn’t you.” 
It took a certain kind of man to laugh at someone bigger than you that has you pinned to the ground but Clovis seemed like one of those men. “Amazing, you still don’t get it.”
“Get what?” The words came out as near a scream and Francis glanced at Vittar’s free hand to see that he had clenched it into a meaty fist.
“The freedom forge is Draxxon you idiot, it allows Draxxon to access the other side of the market so that we supply to both sides. Also fools like you that hate the parent company can be recruited into working for us. You thought you were fighting them all along and it was Draxxon, always Draxxon that gave you your money at the end of each contract. I’m a big wheel within Draxxon now you fool, thanks in no small way to the Starlight Forges and you.” The man’s voice rose as he went on, taking on a mocking edge that Vittar flinched at as if the edge had been physical.
The look on Vittar’s face would stay with Francis for years, it contained a betrayal of something so dear and close to him that the blow landed by Clovis might have had no physical essence but that did not lessen the impact. Horror blossomed like a strange an unholy seed, spreading on Vittar’s expression and finally he settled with disgust, an overwhelming disgust in allowing himself to be used.
Francis looked back at Clovis in time to see the man’s hand move, collecting something from his belt that Vittar in his anger had not seen. Time slowed, not to a crawl but almost as if the scene that followed acted like a tableaux. The stubby bolter looked far too small to contain serious power but Clovis fired it the bolt ripped through the thin leather armour on Vittar’s leg, through bone almost like it tore through butter. The bolt tore out of the upper side of Vittar’s thigh with a scream almost drowned out by the sound of Vittar’s roar of pain.
Thought left Francis, instead he acted on pure instinct. His hand clutched the fragment or perhaps it jumped to his hand, whichever of which happened the sharp edges of the fragment tore into the skin of his hand as he brought the portion that lit with white fire down on Clovis’s neck.
In the flickering fractions of seconds Clovis saw the fragment and his eyes widened not with horror but with admiration as if he wanted to possess such a weapon or perhaps understood a portion of the power within the staff. Clovis never had time to think any more on that hunger as the fragment’s energy ripped through his neck, tearing his head from his shoulder and causing it to roll away from his body leaving a trail of seared flesh.
Kathleen stood quickly, running over to Vittar and gently laying him on her back before she began to chant softly. “He’s lost a lot of blood. I can use a spell to stop the bleeding and speed his healing.”
Francis nodded numbly, staring down at the dead man before he looked up. The woman in blue walked to stand in front of him, dropping to kneel and offering him her hands with the wrists pressed together.
“That bastard shot me.” Vittar exclaimed, announcing the obvious to the world as if the gaping hole in his leg and the blood did not tell the world what had happened.
“Calm down and lay still.” Kathleen said, normally the voices Francis had associated with healing had been soft, but Kathleen spoke with the firmness of command.
“They used me,” Vittar said, once more stating the obvious with fury and hurt outlined in his despairing tone.
As Kathleen chanted a soft glow settled over the wound on Vittar’s leg, bathing the ragged hole in light and adding a strange radiance that almost seemed to fill the clearing of crates.
“They did, but not anymore Vittar.” Kathleen said softly, Francis wanted to say something that might make Vittar feel better but the woman that had knelt in front of him caused him to wonder, standing there looking between Vittar and her.
“Name her, she’ll be useful.” Vittar groaned, Francis looked at her and then back at him before trawling what must have been her name from his memory.
“Sagacity?” He asked.
“Is that my name master?” She asked back.
He stumbled over his tongue, like any teenager asked that question by a beautiful woman not dressed in much portions of his brain including his normal wit seemed to fuse into a single lump. “Yes?”
“Then I will carry the name Sagacity master,” she replied once more giving Francis the feeling that someone had mislaid his copy of the script. What she had said sounded ritualistic in some way, and important but Francis could only respond in confusion.
“Good, what is your function?” Vittar responded, groaning near the end of his sentence while the light sunk into the wound, the edge of the gap in his leg cutting off the light though not entirely.
Sagacity looked at Vittar before looking to Francis as if asking something, Francis nodded, a nod did seem appropriate.
“I carry all the information of shipments, dates and volumes. I know where each crate is going and what it is meant for. I am the record of this branch of Draxxon. I also serve the master as an astronavigator.”
Francis looked around, his mouth going dry as something occurred to him. They were going to destroy all of this, surely a few items going missing would serve nicely and since no one would know what happened to the record, he could take her with them and find some use for her. That idea of uses caused certain hormones to wander into a lower and more primitive section of his brain but he pushed them away. As an astronavigator she had a rare skill, from the stories Francis had heard she could pilot a skyship, she had probably brought Clovis here originally. “Do you have anything special.” He asked.
“An order for Atiria master, swords, new deathwands and armour, five score of each,” she replied, the very picture of helpfulness. 
“What’s special about them?” He asked, it made sense, Atiria would be a good customer for Draxxon since they always had a need for new armour and weapons.
“Dragon doom weapons with implanted soul gems to capture the souls of any slain. The armour is resistant to warpsong and flame master.”
“Now that is interesting,” Mouse said as she returned from her perimeter search. 
“What is?” Once more Francis said, regretting that he had to ask.
“Dragonslayer weapons Francis, think about it.”
Francis thought about it.
“You mean?” He finally said.
“They’re planning on attacking the Dragonlord, they’re building forces for an attack on his spire.” Mouse nodded slightly, confirming the realisation that made Francis’s stomach clench.
“Do you think he knows?” Francis followed.
“I would not mind betting that he suspects. What better way to hide the loss of a particular cargo than destroying the whole load.”
“And he didn’t tell us the nature of the cargo?” Francis said.
“Of course not,” Mouse said in reply.
“I don’t understand,” Francis replied, he did not want to admit it but then he had not understood a lot since this entire quest had started.
“Would you tell the people that wandered in that there is a load of weapons designed to kill you in a warehouse that you want destroyed. No, it makes perfect sense now why he wanted this destroyed and did not want it traced back to him.” Mouse kept her voice levelled as she unravelled what had been a tangled cord to Francis.
“I guess if we were caught they would just call us thieves and in the name of thievery everywhere that denies weapons to DaThoul and Draxxon, I saw we raid this place and we keep to the agreement, we torch it.” Francis replied
Francis glanced over at Vittar who looked a lot paler than usual, though if that paleness had been due to blood loss or instead to the shock of finding out that he had been working for his enemies Francis could not be sure. The light in his wound had faded but Vittar did not look as if he would be doing anything demanding soon. “Kathleen, will he be ok?”
“Yes Francis, Vittar took a nasty wound but we got to him in time. He needs rest,” Kathleen smiled that intimate little smile as she replied.
“Once he’s alright please finish the fire spell, in the meantime Mouse and I have some theft to commit.”
“Or very grand larceny with a side order of property damage.” Mouse said with a tight smile.
He nodded and turned to Sagacity. “Alright, take us to your valuables.”
A search of the more valuable cargos with the age-old tool of the thief and the warehouse, the crowbar turned up a good deal. Soon they had supplied each of them with new breastplates that were dull grey in colour and gave little sound but were so light that it felt more like wearing rigid clothing. Arm and leg plates provided other protection and they spent some time making sure that the armour fitted for each of them. Bolters had made up some bulk cargo but Sagacity soon guided them to the next best thing, thin and stubby bits of metal that looked like short wands that had been exposed to too much heat and had sagged in places to look bulbous and warped. They were introduced as deathwands, like the one Clovis had used to blow a hole in Vittar’s leg and a brief demonstration showed them where to apply the right pressure and what to think to fire a tiny bolt of superheated magic at the target or through the target.
At one point Kathleen went through Clovis’s pockets as they searched, Vittar nodded as she held up something small and white.
For swords Mouse selected a pair of silvery and small scimitars that looked too ornate to have been practical and yet the metal gleamed in a way that made Francis shudder just to look at it. The ornate workings on the swords showed serpents that seemed to writhe in the light. Francis found himself a larger blade, curved like a scimitar but made of a dull metal with a green caste to it. His blade had no decoration though Sagacity maintained that it remained valuable.
Vittar, though laid up managed to select the kind of little weapons that somehow seemed right for him, little blades and throwing irons that could be secreted and used to do a lot of damage in the right hands and Kathleen chose nothing more than what looked to Francis like a staff, her work to prepare for the spell of destruction looked like a strange, pulsing ring of frozen flame within the clear space at the core of the building, that ring that flickered up into the air as if the energy within it struggled to escape and incinerate them all.
Francis quickly pulled Clovis’s remains near to the circle so that they would be destroyed. 
He glanced up at the slave whom still smiled at her. “What about Sagacity.”
“Leave her,” muttered Vittar coldly. “The flames will do the rest.”
“No, I’m not leaving her.”
“She’s dead Franky, she’s just an empty shell.”
“Just like me?” Mouse added.
Francis motioned for Sagacity to come with them, she did so calmly as if they were not discussing her fate at all and Francis mentally brushed away the idea of her sat within the middle of a burning building.
When they were ready to leave Francis helped Vittar to his feet though Vittar had never really been the kind of person that someone would want to help cart from a scene. He would be more probably the ones that slung others over one broad shoulder without seeming effort, for Francis on the other hand helping him involved a lot of effort.
“Sagacity, did Clovis bring a ship here?”
“Yes master, he did.”
“Well, what do you think?” Francis said.
Vittar shook his head, his eyes glazing slightly “No, when they realise that he’s dead Draxxon will hit the recall button and the soul lens will lock. We would have to either jump off or be delivered back to Draxxon central distribution.”
“Which would be bad.” Francis asked
“Very bad.” 
As they left, Kathleen uttered a single word which triggered her spell, looking back Francis first saw a deep blue radiance pour and flicker from the upper windows of the warehouse along with a sound that felt more like a soft compression in the air, a sort of ‘whoomph’ 
At first Francis had been a touch disappointed until something within the warehouse exploded, the roof, or at least most it looked as if it lifted or shattered under the forces within and as fragments of steel rained down, some limned with fire a wave of heat poured from within. Above the warehouse a rosette formed of flame and smoke while within the warehouse proper the place turned into a furnace. Flames licked along every surface within so from where they briefly stood the blackened shell of the walls now cradled what rapidly became an inferno.
Flames danced a pirouette of destruction as they burned through the wood protecting so many enchanted items that they should not have been stocked so close together, the magical energy liberated by the flames only intensified the flames even as it changed the colours within into vibrant greens, blues and the odd purple. Different colours rippled through the furnace as metal liquefied, running under the charred remains of the crates, silver metal mingled with the blue steel in a spreading silvery pool of molten metal that discharged sparking flares of energy as it spread. Even the reinforced stone of the walls vitrified in places, turning glass like and beginning to melt in a heat normally only experienced within the most powerful of forges. The heat that tore through the cargo incinerated flesh and would not even have slowed as the iron supports for the warehouse melted and collapsed inwards, dropping the remains of the roof into the fire that now burned with an intensity that even water would not douse.
“Get rid of the hoods,” Francis whispered to the others, tearing off his own.
For a moment, the others stared at him and complied, Francis knew that the authorities would be coming soon with whatever means they used to control such a conflagration and soon there would be a lot of people around, generally looking nonchalant and mingling among the gawping locals would be a lot harder wearing hoods.
Soon enough the hoods were disposed of and as Francis had predicted plenty of people came. He had been expecting a bucket chain or perhaps even a fire wagon that spurted water. What happened took his breath away.
About twenty of the immature Ssaved lined up, their tails flickering in time while they watched the flame for several seconds.
It started with one of the Ssaved opening his jaws and letting out a deep and rich tone, the kind of tone that would not have been unusual from a great human singer but then the others joined in. Soon they wove what could only be called a blanket of music, a score of voices interlocked perfectly in long tones without words that slithered together and changed, their sounds pouring against and changing each other. It might not have been human music, but the song contained the kind of beauty that only comes when each singer within has mastered their notes and worked them with clarity and purpose. Francis had never heard so many voices raised together, so crystalline in their perfection and so total in their shifting gentleness that Francis almost thought he would burst into tears.
“What’s happening?” Francis asked, looking over at Kathleen who stood with such a smile of bliss that he did not want to disturb her.
“Dragonsong, they’re putting the fire out.” She replied.
“But why?”
“Because the Dragonlord is being seen to do the right thing,” Mouse hissed in an ‘I’ll explain later’ sort of way.
The fire simply ceased, one moment the warehouse contained nothing but incandescent heat and the next the flames simply died without passing through a guttering or weakening stage. Though the fire had died, the air around the warehouse rippled with heat and Francis could hear the dripping and hissing sounds of molten metal.
“Right,” muttered Francis. “Let’s go.”

They were allowed a single hour within their assigned quarters before two of the Ssaved came for them. During that time Vittar did not speak at all, instead remaining still while Kathleen worked on his wound, Francis knew from a prior injury she had dealt with that with her ministrations he would be cured by the next day and the wound heal almost perfectly. They left Vittar in his bed, recovering and grumbling while Kathleen remained behind to look after him and Sagacity seemed happy to help her though Francis had wondered if she would be happy doing anything he told her to do.
The Dragonlord saw them in his office once more, though the piles of paper that were haphazardly arranged on his desk had moved around a little the work on the desk looked as if it consisted part of an unending tide.
The only sound for several minutes came from the scratching of the Dragonlord’s quill on paper before he finally set the writing implement aside and focused his full attention on them.
“You have done well; the warehouse is gone and the entire stock has been destroyed.” The Dragonlord said in a tone that rung crisp and business-like. Once more Francis noticed that the small reptile on the Dragonlord’s shoulder seemed to be inspecting him intently.
Francis tried to pull himself to his full height, which compared to the figure before him meant he still looked tiny. Beside him Mouse might have looked formidable around people but she also seemed a touch intimidated by this strange being’s stature.
“We did what you asked.” He replied simply.
“And did you discover anything interesting while hunting the criminals within the market ward?” 
The question made Francis pause and he looked desperately over at Mouse, she seemed to know much more about this kind of thing. 
“We dealt with some unpleasant elements that you might find interesting.” Mouse said, flicking back one of her braids.
“Generally unpleasant or specifically?” The Dragonlord replied.
Francis looked between the two of them, there seemed to be a very specific way of saying this kind of thing within a court almost as if one suspected that someone listened in or might be listening in now that they had acted.
“Specifically, unpleasant, they also were intending to harvest.” Mouse replied with a curt nod.
“Harvest?” 
“Yes, we also took records.”
“Blue covered I gather.”
“Indeed, and most knowledgeable, the records include a map.”
The Dragonlord nodded, whatever Mouse had just said he seemed to understand it.  He took a felt bag from his desk and laid it on the table. “Then there’s a matter of payment. Within is some coin and the fragment of the staff of Ryak. The other element of your payment I will settle tomorrow, before you have left.”
Francis leaned forward, about to take the fragment before the sound of a movement reached his senses, something that sounded wrong even in this place of bustle and business. 
Something was wrong, he had not been fighting for long but now part of his senses screamed a warning while the other two continued talking.
A figure vaulted up onto the balcony, sliding into the light with a strange gait that seemed to include springing and leaping just as much as running. Six legs positioned themselves around the central trunk of a creature that sent a shudder down Francis’s spine as soon as he looked at it. The scales that ran over the creature’s body seemed to reflect faces, faces caught in mid scream. 
The Dragonlord slowly stood, setting aside the drake and taking up a Ssaved axe that looked large enough to go through a castle wall. He gestured for Mouse and Francis to move out of the way.
“It’s after us.” Shouted Francis, though he had no direct proof that it had come after him the chances were in the favour of such a conclusion.
The creature roared, the blunt and awful muzzle parting in three jaws that each ended in a long and hooked blade, the sound itself reminded Francis of tearing flesh and dying animals. Though something about this creature rung wrong to Francis, as if it did not deserve to be here or even anywhere. This shape with bundled muscles that played under the skin like the cables of strange machine seemed wrong, wrong on a level that he found hard to define. Someone had called this thing from another place, a place where creatures like this hunted prey and murdered, someone had sent this thing after him with the intention of ending his life.
He tried to push Mouse behind him, to shelter her but she seemed to be having none of that and had drawn her own swords. Francis also readied himself, his sword held up and in both hands as Jamiliah had shown him
The creature leapt towards Francis, the movement powered by four legs in a manner that seemed alien, the movement caused a ripple in these scales that for a moment assume the colour of the night and stone behind it making the creature near invisible.
Francis knew that this moment would be his chance to try and do some damage, he ducked but extended his sword point forward like a spear aiming to impale the creature on it’s on strength while trying to brace himself against what would be a massive impact. It might have worked but for one of the creature’s three fingered hands slamming into the side of his arms, the force shoving him to the side even as it deflected his sword. He did not impale the thing but at the same time he did not experience the painful sensation of being landed on by it. One of the creature’s hands raised up and slammed for Francis’s face, opening to reveal what looked like a deeper shadow on the palm until it got close enough for Francis to see a ring of hooks around what looked like a vile sucker that quivered with disturbing vitality almost as if the hunger within would reach out and claim him. 
He knew at that moment that death had come, and that it would claim him within fractions of a second for even as he tried to raise his blade it would arrive too late.
Mouse’s slender sword came down like the blade of a headman’s axe, striking at where the three fingered hand connected by ropey and strange muscles to the arm and the blade bit deep, so deep that Francis thought she would sever it. On any other entity, a blow that pierced almost halfway into a limb would have rendered it almost useless but even as the creature recoiled Francis saw the fist clench and wondered if the entity would still be even to act even if they chopped it to pieces.
The creature screamed it was the kind of scream that rasped against the senses, wrong and horrifying all at once, another arm lashed out with such force that it struck Mouse in the stomach and propelled her backwards to strike the wall but that time had been enough for Francis to set himself up for another attack. He did not want to take his eyes off it for long enough to check on Mouse; instead he just hoped that her undead nature would make her tough enough to survive being slammed around.
Using the knowledge of how to use his body the hours of practicing with Jamiliah had given to him Francis twisted, forming his entire body into powering a swing with his sword at the creature’s chest. The blade struck home, a blow that would have gone through blue steel armour as if it had been made of air ripped into the entities torso and encountered not ribs but a narrow wickerwork of crossing spars that seemed flexible as well as strong. The creature struck Francis, the blow hurling him to the floor, but he kept hold of his sword. 
It raised a hand again trying to bring it down on Francis’s face but this time he had been ready and his sword came up as the hand started its descent and impaling the hand through just as he rolled to the side. The force of the creature’s strange muscles slammed the sword down onto the floor, forcing the blade up and through the creature’s limb with a terrible tearing sound.
With a screech that tore at the soul, a sound like the pitiful slaughtering of dozens of helpless creatures the six legged thing reared up, the height towering over that of a normal man while it pulled Francis’s sword from the gaping wound in one hand and threw the sword his way without grace. It clattered against the wall and landed nowhere near him.
Francis drew his eating knife and steadied himself in case it came back at him. Mouse ducked one of the limbs, stabbing with a slender sword at the creature’s neck under the jaw, her sword slicing through the scales and into the strange head of the entity but not enough to injure the creature fatally. She then pulled back, rolling away and narrowly avoiding the clenching of one of those hands. It snapped at her, the jaws closing around one of her legs and pulling her up to dangle like a puppet as it tried to get one of those hands on her forehead.
The Dragonlord’s axe slammed down into the creature’s back, ripping down into the torso and spilling a thick and viscous ichor of the deepest grey. The blow should have killed it, shattering the spine and rib cage, but the stalker had neither. Though it thudded into the stone floor it came up again and hurled itself at the Dragonlord with the sound of creaking metal accompanied by the awful screaming of those mockeries of faces on its body. Mouse rolled as it dropped her, forgotten for the larger prey. The forces of the two immense bodies as the Dragonlord tried to get his balance back shook the room until he gripped the creature tightly and toppled backward over the railing to vanish into the night.
Francis ran to the balcony, below him the figures of the Dragonlord and the thing he had been battling hit the wall again and again on the way down until they both slammed into the base of the spire.
Neither of them moved after that.
“Oh no, oh by Evandra we’ve messed up and I mean really messed up.” Panic coiled around Francis’s voice, threatening to crush it. 
“Are they?” Mouse said
They exchanged a look and looked down again. Hardly even noticing when the tiny head of the Dragonlord’s pet joined them in staring down by perching between them on the railing.
“I mean, he was frightening but he seemed a fair guy. He wasn’t going to double cross us.” Mouse said, looking unable to tear her eyes from the ruined and to some degree smeared shapes below.
“Thanks, and yes I intended to keep my word,” muttered a tiny voice.
“Yes, he dealt with us fairly. He looked after his people, from what I saw. I wanted Silven to become modelled on what he had done here.” Mouse continued.
“It still can, especially now.” said the same tiny voice.
“He was one of the good guys,” said Francis after a deep breath. “And we killed him.”
“No, you didn’t. Not killed, inconvenienced immensely yes, set back a decade most definitely, but not killed.”
There are times when the brain catches up with distress and starts to highlight something within the environment that does not quite fit in with the state of mind. Both Mouse and Francis turned their heads to the little figure between them that balanced on the railing with wings outstretched. The real Dragonlord looked at both of them before transferring his gaze back down to the figures below and jetted out two tiny flames from his nostrils in annoyance.
“You know, that golem cost me a damned fortune.” He commented sadly.
Both of their jaws dropped at the tiny reptilian form, the effect that an adult Ssaved works to establish among humans had been repeated by something much tinier.
The Dragonlord gave them both a look, the kind of look that communicated a lot about monkeys or their close relatives.
“But, but, but…” said Francis, not the best of things to say but it seemed all he could manage now.
“Great, two humans see the Dragonlord killed and all they can manage is a minimum of eloquence, you sound like a repetitive goat.” The little figure snarled, through its head high, or rather higher.
Mouse, who seemed a little quicker on the uptake than Francis curtsied, Francis tried to curtsy too before turning it into a bow.
The Dragonlord tried to look regal, a gesture spoiled by the fact that either Mouse or Kathleen would want to pet him. “I am Faltanarr Sanrissa the ruler of Laksee and I demand an explanation. What was that thing?”
“It was sent by Kelthan DaThoul whom is hunting us.” Mouse replied evenly, keeping her gaze lowered.
“So, the Emperor of Atiria, the most aggressive if not the most powerful land on the World’s end Islands is after you. One representative of The Freedom Forge, one farm boy with a piece of the Staff of Ryak, one witch and finally one free undead. I think you had better tell me everything right now.”
Mouse and Francis told him everything; it took a little longer than right now.

After listening intently and transferring back to his old cushion the Dragonlord finally nodded his tiny head as their tale ended. Francis found it a little hard to remember that this tiny figure ruled a land that had managed to do what Silven had been unable, to frighten away Kelthan DaThoul. For his physical limitations, the Dragonlord seemed to assimilate their explanation quickly and something about the way the creature looked at them both told Francis that while the ego of the tiny figure could dwarf his old golem body, the intelligence within could match the ego easily.
“It’s obvious what is going on, an egg could work it out.” The Dragonlord finally proclaimed, belching out two tiny pinpricks of flame.
“What do you mean?” Francis asked.
“I have been informed that something of great interest to me had arrived on the Draxxon ship from The Shel Empire. So, I sent you with the hope that you would not ask too many questions and would destroy whatever they had brought along. From the sound of it Kelthan DaThoul has bought a large stock of dragon killer weapons from Draxxon for use against me. He’s intending to attack the spire.”
“We thought so too but the cost in lives would be terrible,” Francis said
“It would, the army that tried take the spire would be up to its neck in their own blood but Atiria does have the manpower to take the spire as long as the ruler doesn’t care about losing most of that manpower in the process. From what you have said about Kelthan he sounds like that kind of ruler, the sort whom asks about the objectives first, the material cost second and doesn’t even bother thinking about the price in blood. The dragon killer weapons added a new side to the matter; they would help enormously against my little warriors but the soul gems. I have to admit that the soul gems alarm me some.”
“Why do you think they have them, I had been trying to work out what a Ssaved knows that Draxxon would want.” Mouse said.
“Soul gems are not normally the province of Draxxon, they normally are used by El Cor. El Cor is involved in this somewhere,” said the Dragonlord
“And what would El Cor, the maker of anima want from the Ssaved.”
The tiny secondary eyelids flicked across the Dragonlord’s eyes and his crest raised slightly “Oh now I see. They’re after imprinting.”
“Imprinting, I thought you used that on possessions.” Francis asked, a little puzzled.
“It’s complicated but a Ssaved, a mature Ssaved gains power from imprinting slaves and objects. If magic is associated with an object they gain that magic, if skills with a person they gain that skill. Each imprinting increases the stature of the Ssaved. Why else do you think dragons protect their hordes so fiercely or can spot even if a single thing is missing, a horde is more than just a collection of wealth but also it is part of the dragon himself. Now, imagine a master gaining the skills or power of his slaves, each slave would do the same for a master a horde does for the dragon, they increase their stature and power. I had bought the part of the staff of Ryak with the hope to imprint on it, but the soul of the occupant is blocked, part Ssaved, preventing it.” The Dragonlord paused to chew his lower lip and watched them intently as the two of them absorbed this information.
“Selling slaves with that talent would make El Cor even more money. There are mages out there and lords whom would snap up slaves just to make themselves more powerful” Mouse finally said.
“And being able to offer Ssaved souls to El Cor would get them to open an office in his lands. DaThoul has always wanted undead slaves, that’s why he killed the people of Silven and botched it. He doesn’t have the skills so he’s looking to bribe those people that do.” Francis concluded.
“I am pretty sure that he would then give the people of Silven to El Cor to sweeten the arrangement, hence giving him land and giving them a new supply of slaves. Atiria would gain control of the spire, the business hub of the World’s end islands, letting money and slaves pour in.” The Dragonlord’s eyes narrowed as he thought out loud. The gesture might have been terrifying in a full-grown dragon but Francis found himself having not to think of the little figure as cute.
That cuteness struck Francis as part of the problem, the Dragonlord had been created to intimidate the more aggressive nations around Laksee, a figure like that would cause even the most hardened monarch to think long and hard about attacking, even the spire had been designed to frighten and awe so much that invading armies would have to be vast or superbly equipped to contemplate attacking. Now the golem that most people saw as the Dragonlord had been destroyed and so when the news reached DaThoul he would feel even more confident of winning, sooner or later Draxxon would get those weapons to him and he would attack and he would win.
“Even the dead of the battle could be used by El Cor.” Mouse added, causing Francis and the Dragonlord to nod. If the spire fell into DaThoul’s hands he would end up emerging in a strong position even if most of his army died they would be raised to fight again.
The plan struck Francis with the strangely elegant and brutality, at the end of it DaThoul would be unstoppable and the trade that Draxxon and El Cor achieved would place the Islands on the map for them. From then on DaThoul would be able to strike each of his enemies with greater and greater force as Draxxon weapons flooded in through the spire and when a nation fell to him they would either add to his armies or add to the ranks of slaves being sold by El Cor.

The Dragonlord took them down to their quarters where a long discussion brought everyone up to date. The Dragonlord had reminded Francis to pick up the bag as they left, he had almost forgotten it in the excitement. They had tried to include Vittar but he seemed to be caught in slumber, Kathleen thought it better that he not be disturbed.
“So, what do we do?” Francis finally asked his fingers straying to the bag holding the top of the central shaft of the staff and turning the fragments within over and over, even now it tugged at him to bring the two pieces together.
“It appears to me that we are limited in our options. I created The Dragonlord persona to intimidate those that would otherwise attack my city. Not only physically enormous but a few dragonsongs made him radiate a kind of low level aura of fear, not enough to make people wet themselves but enough to make them think twice about attacking.” The Dragonlord said, raising his head as he spoke with the air of someone used to being obeyed.
“But now the golem has been destroyed, everyone will think you’re dead.” Mouse continued.
“Exactly, giving Laksee a problem, as soon as your Emperor hears and I know he will, he has put a lot of spies in Laksee, he will want to invade before another Dragon tries to claim my domain,” The Dragonlord’s wings sagged as he spoke though he nodded to Mouse as if approving her being able to follow his logic.
“Can we not conceal the destruction of the golem?” Kathleen asked.
“If his destruction, or it’s destruction had not been so dramatic, for a little while. As it is, the secret will already be out,” tiny jets of flame spurted from The Dragonlord’s nostrils, a sign of irritation from what Francis had seen.
“Ally with Silven then,” Mouse replied.
The Dragonlord fell silent and stared at Mouse for several seconds before replying “I’m listening.”
“Well, Silven will need an ally when we revive it and I can think of no one better. If Francis’s plan works Atiria will be weakened but still able to hurt us individually, together we would be far stronger. Also, we can use our army of the dead against DaThoul, even though he made them.”
The Dragonlord nodded slightly and turned his head on the long neck to regard Francis. “Tell me your plan.”
“I intend to get the staff together, go to the castle, use the staff to kill DaThoul and if need be a big chunk of his army,” Francis replied, letting a small amount of the boiling fury he buried deep down within to escape.
“That’s your plan, go there and blow things up?” The Dragonlord said, his jaw dropping.
“Yes, pretty much.”
“That’s a pretty lousy plan.”
“It’s a simple plan, they won’t be expecting it.” Kathleen said a little defensively.
“The only reason they won’t be expecting it is because they’ll have a hard time believing their own eyes. So, let me see if you have articulated this correctly. Your master plan is to get the big weapon together, march up to their front door with it and blow things up hoping along the way that they’ll not either kill you or that the Emperor will stick around for some kind of honourable dual?”
“Yes,” said Francis trying not to sound as if his confidence had deflated sharply. “Pretty much.”
The Dragonlord shook his head before raising one hand like paw to put it over his eyes and muttered the one word. “Apes!”
“Do you have anything better?” Francis replied, raising his voice as he did so.
“Now no, give me a day though and I will, I think I could come up with something better if I had asked one of my unchanged to think of it.”
Francis stood up, the fury blazing within him and for a moment he wanted to do anything, say anything to trim the wings of this arrogant little reptile. The only thing that stopped him came when Kathleen put one hand on his arm, shaking her head slightly as he turned his head to look at her.
The Dragonlord watched him coldly, the look of intellectual calculation almost sending a shiver down Francis’s spine.
“Before we do anything or plan anything we need to work out where the third fragment is.” Francis proclaimed.
To his surprise the Dragonlord nodded. Francis had counted himself the leader of this group up until now and his emotions about the ease with which The Dragonlord assumed the mantle of authority. “Kathleen how long until Vittar is able to get up and about?”
“He’ll be ready in the morning.”
“Then we will set off then.”
“And our arrangement?” Mouse said.
“Then I will finish off your enchantment after we’re done here. You’ll be able to pose as an anima if need be and this group will be able to make better time during the day.”
“Wait a moment, what are you doing to my sister?” Francis said, though his determination withered in the face of The Dragonlord’s competence.
The Dragonlord looked at Francis before turning his head and raising his eyebrows at Mouse.
Mouse paused only a second before nodding slightly “As long as you don’t bind me as a slave of course.”
“You’d need to agree to that while your mind is in place, that’s why I can’t imprint the Staff of Ryak. So, Francis, I think you should bind that artefact and find out where we are going next. Kathleen, please attend to Vittar and Mouse, you’re with me.”
The others parted leaving Francis sat at the table, he had thought that he had used to chair their conversations but using the term chair did not seem appropriate for The Dragonlord, when he sat on a chair his head barely peeked above the table, so instead he had perched on a cushion, picking the spot at the end of the table that Francis had thought should be his. It hardly even took a moment’s consideration to realise that while Francis had always considered himself the leader, The Dragonlord seemed infinitely more suited for the role. Most people coming face to face with a dragon usually thought about their might, their ability to incinerate small armies, Francis had never thought of one as being probably the most intelligent being he would ever meet. A quiet little part of Francis, a part he did not want to acknowledge had breathed a sigh of relief. After all, The Dragonlord took responsibility; he seemed to be one of nature’s organisers. 
Slowly, carefully he took out the first fragment, the one that had led in some small way to the ruining of his life and the strange connection he had built with it and the woman that Kathleen seemed to find a threat. The silvery metal of the snake glistened in his hands as he slowly turned it over, winking at him. The second piece turned out, when he opened the bag, to be larger, a simple stave that the first of two serpents could be attached to. There seemed to be no hint of the form of the soul within held within what he could see, even though her presence hung over him, charging the air.
Sharply, the pieces pulled together, drawn almost like strong lodestones towards each other as if the draw between them became stronger and stronger until Francis had to tense his muscles to keep them apart before wondering why he did so. He allowed his arms to relax and trusted the power of the artefact, as The Dragonlord had called it, the staff of Ryak, would be enough to do the rest.
The jolt of energy that poured through him took his breath away, causing it to catch as white light poured through the room. For a moment, for Francis it all became clear. Yes, DaThoul wanted to draw Draxxon and El-Cor into Atiria but in the end the companies were just small parts of a greater plan, a plan that would involve him drawing military power from the companies, enslaving nation after nation while his armies grew and grew, burning their way across the Edge of the World Isles. First the Northern Isle and then the Southern, soon they would expand to the larger lands of the elves. Soon enough another Empire would emerge from the small kingdoms. The Empire of Atiria would be just a shadow of what he would inflict on the world for no other land near here had access to the magics, the weapons he would bring. The man would become a plague and both massive companies would exploit the new markets with such force that everyone else would be forced out or killed and yes, The Dragonlord might have usurped his position but the little figure had carved out a small land next to a highly aggressive neighbour and had built a successful domain from nothing. For the good of the group, Francis would do the right thing and step aside for a greater talent. There are few moments that a person has within their life where they see everything and now Francis understood, the entire regime in Atiria had to be replaced. Some people within the castle might be redeemable but they had to be decisive and strike firmly.
Raw power raced through Francis’s body, a power unlike anything he had experienced before, so raw that he thought that he would explode, burning away in a conflagration. He threw his head back and wanted to scream, anything to let out the feeling of blazing fury that ripped through him almost like a liquid fire. Blue light ripped from every orifice, pouring from him and yet into him and so brilliant that Francis thought his sight might be taken from him.
And then he sensed the other, he had been expecting perhaps an image of Jamiliah or to plunge into her world but another presence loomed within the scape of feeling that came with that blazing intensity.  That presence had been somehow bonded with the staff in a way that he could not even begin to comprehend and yet seemed somehow familiar as if he had seen the man behind this faint suggestion of a presence before.
Then, once more he found himself elsewhere.

Chapter 18
Entering the mental space within the staff’s presence had always been, to this point strangely relaxing as if he had gone somewhere familiar or found a place safe of tranquillity and occasionally even peace. There had been the battle, but he had called that, summoning the memory up for Jamiliah and hurting her.
He also looked forward to speaking with Jamiliah, she might have been on the arrogant side but there had once been a good heart beating under that chest. Slowly he had seen her begin to soften and respect for him had begun to grow within her.
He took a moment to brush away the mental image of her chest, a guilty moment since her chest should not have been the one he thought of.
This time, he arrived in the centre of conflict, the warriors that he had seen before when invading within Jamiliah’s memories. The entrance way, a vaulted chamber that had been decorated with the usual silver and pale stone now had the doors laid open and the figures of black robed men, all with their faces concealed swarming like insects around a corpse, searching and wrecking with abandon. Smoke curled up from delicate wooden furniture that had been piled and set alight, the flames cavorting and flickering in a frenzied dance. Francis for a moment wondered where his sword might have gone only to find it in his hand.
Had he summoned another memory, had he blundered again? The thought raked through Francis’s mind but this time two of the men looked his way, raising their scimitars and charging with blood already on their black robes and murder in their eyes replacing Francis’s worry with something more akin to panic with the realisation that these were not mere memories, memories had never responded to him and he had little doubt that Jamiliah’s life could have already be taken, he had to hope they were searching for her. They attacked with anger and little knowledge, one of them swinging his sword at Francis with the kind of lazy arc that looked deceptively slow and yet could rip away flesh. Francis dodged to one side, avoiding the blow and slicing his sword at the belly of the second man. 
The man’s eyes widened as steel ripped into flesh and he staggered back, dissolving into strange black birds which themselves dissolved into dispersing black fragments. If someone had not been trying to kill Francis he would have stood and stared but instead he swung his sword up once it had come free and deflected a clumsy blow aimed for his head. The blow that followed would have made Jamiliah proud, a twisting stab that sliced into the second man’s neck and almost removing his head entirely. He too dissolved, becoming nothing more than a spreading black cloud.
“Jamiliah.” Francis roared, the terror filling him while he cast around for some sign of her, letting his voice carry though he knew that doing so would bring more of the attackers.
It did, two more men attacked with that same lack of grace that cost them their lives as Francis dismissed them from life with a minimum of effort.
“My Knight” Her cry came almost as a scream, but mingled with other screams from a nearby doorway.
Darting through he found her defending against two of the warriors and gave one of them a terminal surprise by his blade ripping into the apparition’s back. The two of them soon dispatched Jamiliah’s other attacker. She had found a small guardroom with only the one door; a perfect bolthole complete with weapons and defensibility.
He ran up, putting his arm around the slender woman and drawing her close and for a moment feelings stirred in him as she rested her head against his chest.
“My knight, my Francis,” her whisper struck Francis almost as if a weapon had pierced his side. He gently pulled her away when other dark figures barged in through the door.  Something had changed about her, instead of the coldness he had gotten used to she now seemed fragile, as if she might break at a word.
One of the men swung his weapon at Jamiliah whose’ swords flicked out in an attack that Francis knew he would never accomplish, one blade flicking aside her attacker’s swords while her other blade sliced through the man’s breastbone. Francis swung his sword sharply at the other attacker, the attack being parried by the barest margin though the man exposed his side to Jamiliah’s sword that flicked around and entered his rib cage from the side.
“What’s going on.”
“Francis, my old master is trying to call me back, this is his mind.”
Francis did not have the time to stare blankly at her as three men attacked them. Largely thanks to Jamiliah’s skill they dissolved, but he could see that her blows weakened with tiredness.
“Can’t you drive him out, you’ve killed nearly a dozen men why is one so different.” He exclaimed, slamming his foot into the midriff of another man who tried to enter the doorway.
“He’s the man that killed me Francis, the man that made me into the staff, I can’t fight against him.” She replied, her sword catching the man across the back of the neck.
“You’re doing so, now aren’t you?” Francis glanced through the heavy doorway, before pushing the door shut and sharply slamming down the holding bar.
“I’m helping you. It’s a twisting the wording thing.”
“So, help me by doing something nasty to these guys that’s all one guy anyway, this happened a long time ago? Shouldn’t he be dead by now?”
“I keep him alive Francis, that’s why he made the staff, so that his life could be linked with it. He can only be killed by the true staff wielder.”
A loud crash told that something had slammed into the door and he looked her way desperately.
“I can, I can weaken his hold Francis but that means giving myself over to you and that might be complicated. He made me, he’s got a fragment and he’s trying to call to me.” She replied, whimpering in terror.
He had never seen her this panicked, her eyes wide and her normally confident manner crumbling. He moved over to her, grabbing her arms and pulling her too him. “Jamiliah, I need you,”
He stood with his jaw hanging open, stunned as he tried to work out where those words had come from.
She stared at the door, then back at him, her jaw working and a look that contained so much fear that the pit of Francis’s stomach sank just in witnessing it.
Francis tried to tell himself that none of this existed, if he wandered the world he would find no palace like this and the woman he held in his arms had died centuries ago, but the crash of the door ripping open jolted his senses back. He could die here, they both could.
“Then make me your staff wielder Jamiliah, give yourself over to me, trust me or we could both die.”
She stared up at him, vulnerable in every way, one lock of hair threatened to hide one of her eyes but he carefully brushed it away.
Suddenly, their lips were together and energy ripped through him, tearing his senses and blinding even his mind’s eye. For a moment, he sensed the other presence once more, a shadow within the brilliant fury that surrounded him that he focused an utter anger on, the kind of anger he had only started feeling since he knew the fate of his people but had been simmering since he first remembered.
He found it hard to visualise but he willed a stab of that fury at the invader and satisfaction came as a reward when he heard it cry out. Another blow and it shrank away to fade from view almost like the personifications he had fought.
“Oh Francis,” she said and he felt her relief, the softness of her skin against his and the sadness and loneliness that hung around her like a shroud. For so long she had passed from person to person, bearer to bearer and always kept her distance while they aged and died and she remained the same, unchanging and endless. In that moment, he knew her so completely and utterly that words did not seem to have meaning between them.
She slowly slid her hands down his sides, leaning up to kiss him again and to his surprise Francis lowered his head to return the kiss before realisation sank and he steadied her, pulling his face away. 
“What’s happening, why can’t I... Where are you?” He whispered softly, finding his hands wandering over her breasts and cupping them, his thumbs gently rubbing against where nipples already hardened, he was almost a passenger as if his will had been overtaken by another more forceful presence
Images flooded to him, a rush of places and names throughout history though the two pieces of information that he wanted suddenly became less wanted when he received it. The locations of the staff fragments he needed were in the two places he had dreaded going. One rested within the private collection of Kelthan DaThoul, the Emperor they fully intended to slay and the other looked to be in a building that might have occurred if four dragon spires had been merged together, only this time the spires did not look to be composed of cords and threads but instead of smooth stone that glistened under the harsh sun and reflecting the merciless light of what looked like some kind of land without plants, instead the soil looked like deeply ruddy sand. This building looked huge, dwarfing the surrounding hills so much that The Dragonlord’s spire would be tiny in comparison.
The touch of her hand on his chest brought him back to looking down at Jamiliah while emotions roared through his mind, tearing at his heart. All he could wonder was how Kathleen would react, how could he sort out the emotional mess that had stemmed from seeming simplicity and which of them did he love.
Love, so often the motivators behind a hero’s quest and adventure had so often been sung about by the entertainers and so often talked about that he had never understood just how powerful the emotion could be. He had grown up knowing Kathleen and spending time with her when the demands of the farm had not torn them apart and he had been with her. He had thought he had been in love and had steadied himself to be ready to allow its elation but the singers had never mentioned another within their songs, they had never said that a man could love two women. While the love he held for Kathleen was something natural, something that had grown in friendship this was like a fire, a flame that threatened to burn away reason and rip away other thoughts.
He leaned down to kiss her neck, his thoughts swimming in guilt, in confusion but most of all in the lust that must have run off from the mental link between them and she arched her back, letting her head roll so that he could kiss the line of her throat. This woman he knew, he knew her from her past and from her memories.
In a little time, he knew her in another way, lost and hopeless but pained by the knowledge that in allowing the overwhelming tide of emotions to rule him that he could not stop himself.

He awoke with Kathleen gently playing her fingers over his and his hand withdrew from hers almost as if she held a blade and intended to slice away a finger.
“Kathleen,” he said, whispering her name.
There are times when a word need not be said, when communication is achieved with little more than a look and a sound and this moment marked a flashing of understanding between them.
Happiness faded in her eyes, her face dropping from the emotion he wondered if he felt for her to true melancholy, a hole in the heart so utter and consuming that the aching void cannot just be described as sadness. If she had been angry, if she had been furious and hit him he would have understood and not resisted. He almost found himself wanting her to scream at him, to pound him with her fists and curse him for living and in doing so he might have not found such bleakness within his own heart. Instead she looked at him, a single tear brimming from the underside of her eye and a tiny wobble marring her perfect chin. The restraint she showed might have filled him with admiration if he had not been so utterly desolate.
“I’m sorry,” the words were hollow, mere mockeries that scarred the air as badly as it no doubt did her heart.
“So am I.” She replied, the words coming without accusation or rancour, he braced himself, awaiting a tide of her fury but none came. Instead she just looked disappointed as if he had failed her and failed himself.
“Look, I couldn’t help myself.” He said, though his heart sank for he knew how feeble the excuse even as he used it.
“Of course, you could help it.” Kathleen snarled, her lips twisting and eyes flaring in a manner that Francis would have found attractive if he were not the target.
Her accuracy bit into him like a steel blade and he replied, blurting out “Do you think I went looking to sleep with her?”
“I don’t know Francis did you, is this because I’m not enough for you.” She replied, anger dribbling away into a deep hurt that looked so intense that Francis missed the anger.
“Look, I screwed up.”
“Yes, you did, you really managed to screw up beyond all measure of a doubt Francis. I love you and this is what you do.”
“I’m sorry.” Men have said the two words so many times, or so Francis found himself thinking and there were probably none that meant it more while feeling as universally beneath contempt. Perhaps some kind of compulsion had gone through his body, changing him when he bonded to the staff and arousing that compulsion that is so often near the surface of a young man’s mind. Kathleen had been right, he could have stopped himself or overrode whatever compulsion came. He had failed her in a way that could have so easily been avoided.
If she had struck him, if she had kicked him he would have done nothing that might have stopped her or slowed her down but she did something far worse.
She looked betrayed, and betrayed she had been. 
She stood and without another word stepped into her room, taking what seemed a portion of him with her.
“Francis, I’m sorry I didn’t realise,” Jamiliah’s voice just seemed to occur, not through the ears but instead vibrating through his body from where his hands still clutched the fused fragments of the staff.
“It’s not your fault, I should have said. I should have stopped you, I don’t know how it happened.” Francis replied, closing his eyes.
“Do you love her?” Jamiliah’s question came with a stab of pain, yes, he loved Kathleen, he loved her smile and he loved the way she laughed. But with Jamiliah the emotion had been white hot, rather than comfortable it had been like a lance of fire ripping through him and the passion had been so overwhelming that he had little doubt they had no chance of stopping themselves.
Did he love Kathleen, yes, did he love Jamiliah, also yes but the loves were so different that while one welled in what seemed unnatural passion the other had been a love he knew would last for years.
“I have to decide.” The burning truth made him close his eyes against the world, trying to shut it out for while his life slowly tore itself apart he still had to act and that world grinned menacingly at him, the dangling pieces of what had been the life of the farm boy ruddy on massive and gleaming fangs and he knew that it had yet to be done with him, he still needed to do more to serve it, before he could work himself out.
“Yes Francis, you do. After all I would not accept another woman and I sincerely doubt that Kathleen would either.”
“How come you can speak with me?”
“I’m bonded to you now Francis, only the death of my owner would change that.”
Hearing another’s voice within his mind without use of the ears might have once caused Francis to doubt his sanity, a lifetime ago, or a few days ago depending on how he measured time.
He almost envied the heroes from the stories, they would at least have a woman that almost popped out of the story just so they could fall in love with the hero and he with her but now he had two women, two whom he loved, one with a passion that had never known such heat and the other who he had known for so long that she had always been part of his life and he could not imagine life without her, though the nasty thought came to him that he soon might have to manage without her if he continued as he had so far but life without Kathleen did not seem to be life at all. 
“I know My Knight, I’m sorry, I don’t know what came over me.”
He could imagine what came over her, she had encountered no human contact for longer than many lives and though she would have slumbered for much of that he wondered if perhaps he had nothing for lust for Jamiliah and love for Kathleen. 
He hardly noticed as Sagicity entered and placed a cup of corafe in front of him, favouring him with a lovely though vacant smile.
“Do you need anything else master?”
Her words snapped him back to awareness and he pondered a moment before asking “Sagacity, have you ever seen a building that looks like four dragonspires pushed together.”
For a moment, she blinked at him and he wondered if she had not heard before she finally replied, “Of course master, that’s the Draxxon industries regional headquarters, across the sea and to the land of red sand.”
At that point Francis felt his heart sink in dread.

Chapter 19
“Are we sure about this,” whined Francis, he did not normally like whining but he exchanged looks with the others, only Sagacity looked utterly calm and the tiny reptilian features of the Dragonlord seemed to redefine unreadable.
They sat around the dining table within Clovis’s quarters on his ship, Clovis had shown a certain magpie tendency when it came to shiny things, largely focused around confusing them for some level of style. The expensive table mounted even more expensive ornaments and even ancient paintings of women wearing very little marked every wall as if Clovis had something against bare spaces and sought to banish them at every opportunity.
Vittar had been right, the recall built into the Draxxon skyship should have fired and sent the ship heading for Draxxon headquarters, fortunately for them Sagacity proved not only able to pilot the ship but to set it on its course, a route that she had no doubt followed many times during her service. It came as a relief to Francis that she had to spend much of her time with her hands on the soul lens, something about her blank smile and unquestioning obedience kept making him wonder if the people of Silven would be the same if El Cor got their hands on them. Every time she gave him that smile, with her eyes bright with a complete and total willingness to do anything he asked he saw Mouse or any other of the people they had left behind in The Howling.  Now they waited on the ship as the landscape rolled underneath them, Sagacity controlled the ship soul lens, an apparatus that looked to Francis like a huge eye with a deep green gem mounted in the centre had locked onto where they needed to go. It seemed a poor idea to Francis to wander directly through the front door, but Vittar had said that there were a distinct lack of back doors. It would be the front door or no door at all.
The ship had been small as far as skyships go, only about a hundred foot in length and mainly made up of cargo hold, the name on the varnished bow of the ship proclaimed it as the ‘Gilded Lilly’ and never had Francis encountered a more fitting name, the curve of the ship’s sides were made of wood but the kind of wood that had been decorated with the complicated and flowing designs popular among elves, with delicate arrangements in gold and silver paint to look like the roots and leaves of plants but Francis had wondered if such plants ever existed in those colours. Where the beautiful elven designs of the ship gave way to Clovis’s more functional designs and flowing patterns clashed with straight and almost blockish designs that not only detracted from the elven work but seemed all the more grotesque and brutish. It seemed strange to Francis to feel sorry for a ship but the elvish elements had been ravished and warped by the later additions, beauty had been cast aside by a far cruder eye. A few spare and cramped quarters suggested that the ship had plenty of spaces for slaves whom would work as the ship’s crew while the quarters Clovis had used had been excessive to say the least. The bedroom had been a triumph of wealth over taste and looked garish even to Francis’s eye with mirrors on the ceiling and lurid statues that might have been something of an education for Francis’s knowledge of the female form if he had first seen them a month or so ago. Even the hangings on the walls would have bought his old farm a dozen times over and the decorations probably might have given Francis enough money to own half of Knep’s end.  The design looked typical for a merchant ship, a wide body that ran to almost half of the ship’s width and three decks made for a ship that could easily accommodate the upside-down bowl that two hulls of the ship left between them. Vittar had tried to explain how they flew and Francis had failed to understand, he had said that the ship generated a field within the bowl that supported it, holding it up, but that field came with a strong buoyancy and if the bowl ever tipped by enough it could escape and turn a skyship into a falling ship very easily.
Sometimes asking can lead to questions which were better not asked and Francis had been comfortable within a skyship until Vittar had passed on that particular nugget of information. Now he found himself glancing at the deck from time to time to make sure that no incline that would tumble them into the sea below had occurred in the last few minutes.
Francis had tried to talk to Kathleen and yet she had responded for the most part with a distance that Francis would never get used to.  The tension remained between them, a singular cord of discord within the group that had formed.
Vittar had not come through the events within the warehouse well, even considering that the hole within his leg had healed there seemed to be another hole now that might take much longer. Every time Draxxon had been mentioned Vittar’s eyes narrowed and his voice became heavy with restrained fury. Between them, Vittar and the Dragonlord had come up with a plan that had been explained but Francis found that in his fear he had difficulty fully fitting it within his mind. Occasionally the two of them reverted to a strange kind of jargon that left Francis listening blankly.
“We are sure.” The Dragonlord muttered, he looked over to Vittar and they shared a nod.
Francis steepled his fingers before him, putting his elbows on the table as he leaned forward, his aunt used to tell him off for doing exactly the same though Francis had never quite understood why. “Right, I understand that we can just go in and enter the building but what about patrols and things like that.”
The Dragonlord smiled grimly and glanced at Vittar whom seemed to be the core of this plan. “When we were preparing to destroy the place, I had Kathleen search Clovis for magic, I wanted to know if he had anything useful on him and we struck the jackpot.”
As he spoke he set a small bone ring on the table, even as it sat there tiny streams of pale silver coiled around it, those coils fading after a few seconds. He folded his arms, looking smug seemed to be something he did well, very well in fact. “An identification ring.”
They stared at the ring, it just looked inert in response and as a person, apart from Sagacity whom Francis had a hard time thinking of anything but a full person, looked up at Vittar.
“Alright, so that’s an identification ring, how is that going to help us?”
Vittar grinned, the kind of grin that would send most people skittering for the door the moment they saw it particularly if they encountered him in a dark alley. “It will help us because they only work in the hands of paid up Draxxon employees. You see, I put it down and it dulls, however when I pick it up.”
He picked it up and within his hand the ring started to ripple once more, the silver lines forming words of a language that looked strange and even ancient.
“But you hate Draxxon and you didn’t work for them.” Francis said, confusion creeping into his voice.
“The larger a company is, the harder it is to keep track of employees and Draxxon is huge and often uses smaller companies to trade under different names.” Vittar replied, bitterness evident in his tone.
“So as far as the ring is concerned you are an employee?”
Vittar nodded, though Francis knew how much this charade would cost him.
“What about us, there’s only the one ring.”
“Ah, well that’s where I made some arrangement. If Vittar is going to pose as a businessman for Draxxon then we are going to play his retinue.” The Dragonlord replied.
“Retinue?” Francis asked.
“All big figures in Draxxon keep a number of anima servants like Sagacity, partly to show their wealth and partly to carry out the work they do not want to do. I’ve had some white uniforms made for you Mouse and you Kathleen and you will be posing as white anima. If someone looks at Sagacity or Mouse they’ll find nothing wrong but we should appear as if nothing us unusual about us.” The Dragonlord said, looking to each face in turn.
“I don’t think I could manage that blank look all the time.” Mouse protested.
“You will not need to, whites aren’t as frozen in their mindsets as blues, just follow Vittar, look attentive and this should be over in a few hours.”
Mouse and Kathleen exchanged looks before Kathleen folded her arms “I don’t know if we’re prepared to look like slaves.”
“I understand completely and I don’t like it either but we need to look normal, like a Draxxon employee going about our business. If they see a group they’ll want to know why, but one guy and his retinue, that’s what they expect to see.” 
Kathleen sighed and nodded slightly. “Alright, what role is Francis going to play.”
“Francis will pose as a body guard, which will involve wearing lots of blue steel armour and being quiet. We need to be entirely focused around Vittar for the time that we are there. So, Francis like yourselves will follow Vittar around, most people will assume he is a blue anima.” The Dragonlord said in reply.
“You see, anima are all but invisible in the eyes of the people of the Shel empire, no one will even look at you twice and if we need you to look around most people will just assume you are following my orders. I will do the talking since I’m the only person here that knows anything about Draxxon, no offence to you three but none of you speak the language and I’m the only guy the ring works for.” Vittar folded his arms as he spoke. 
“In the meantime, I’ll be the dumb pet, there’s a species of drake that look a lot like I do and have the brains associated with a cat. I can play those and like you, people will ignore me.”
“So, in effect we are going to hide in plain sight, just look as if we are meant to be there.” Francis said.
“People will expect bustle and I’m sure that the place will be busy. As long as we look like we belong there no one should give us a second look. If we tried being stealthy I’m sure we’d be spotted and picked up in minutes.” The Dragonlord shrugged as he spoke, as if letting them decide.
“What about weapons?” Mouse asked.
“Anima aren’t allowed them unless they’re guards. Francis can carry your swords.” 
Mouse nodded to The Dragonlord’s reply and Francis could see the sense in it for his own weapon apart from his sword would fit neatly in his hand or the inside of his shirt he knew that carrying Mouse’s twin blades would only confirm his pose. 
“What if we need to talk to you privately?” When Mouse spoke, her voice started Francis out of his short reverie.
“You don’t, you only say something that will reinforce the pose we are each playing unless of course it’s either urgent or we are alone. Therefore, we are all reliant on Vittar and he will approach the wielder of the other fragment and we will go from there. We’ve discussed it and we hope we can convince him that Clovis has found a customer for it.” The Dragonlord replied.
“What if he doesn’t want to sell?” Asked Francis
“Then we deal with him. But these are Draxxon people, they always hope to make a sale.” Vittar spoke in a heavy tone that told them exactly what way he intended to deal with any being that dared get in their way. A new fervour had seemed to come over Vittar since the events of the spire making Francis wonder if he could keep his cool within the headquarters of a company he hated so much.
“How do we get out?”
At that point, The Dragonlord smiled coldly “Well, I have an idea there but I don’t want to share it with you just yet. Vittar knows the plan and if anything happens to me follow him and you’ll get out. The entire plan though relies on us being natural and appearing to be so natural that no one would even question our presence there. So, Vittar would need to be just as rude to anyone around us as any powerful lord of Draxxon would be and we should be quiet and do the work he cannot while everyone watches him. We will be arriving about midday tomorrow and everyone should look unimpressed as if you have seen the place a dozen times. According to Vittar, the ring will unlock the quarters used by the last owner and Sagacity can direct us there once we have disembarked. From there we find out where the hell the fragment is, which is where you come in Francis and then we go from there using the quarters as a base.” The Dragonlord seemed to have something of an understanding of how to plan these sorts of things; Francis had to admit he had been quietly impressed
“A question.” Francis said.
“Of course, go on.”
“How reliable is the exit strategy.”
“A viable concern, we intend to steal a ship that has yet to have a recall placed in the lens, which is done at the shipyards within the base.” 
“So, they’ll be after us.”
“By the time we have finished Francis I think we will have a lot of enemies. One more shouldn’t make a difference.”
“Why can’t we trade in this ship for something smaller, buying rather than stealing and therefore not making another enemy.”
The Dragonlord paused, opening his mouth and staring at Francis for a moment before nodded. “That could work, what do you think Vittar.”
Vittar nodded slightly and for some reason Francis found himself pleased. 
“We have to look absolutely routine, fit into the crowd by being unnoticeable from the other Draxxon lords, we manage that and we’ll do just fine.” Vittar said, rubbing the side of his chin with one thumb.

The next morning a new array of sights battered Francis’s senses, seeing Kathleen in what they called anima garb, which consisted of a string strapped dress that left little to the imagination, the skirt’s hem laying between pelvis and knee. Francis had spent his entire time knowing Kathleen had legs, and had spent some time getting well acquainted with her body at one point but the sight of her bare legs exposed to the air had an effect on Francis that he had never thought about before. What he had been dressed in hid his blush though.
Mouse had also dressed up in similar garb and managed to look very unhappy, a spark within her eyes communicating to those that knew her that she not only did not feel happy but might be inclined to violence. Francis doubted that she could ever match the blank eyed look of quiet content that always showed in Sagacity’s expression.
Though their garments were revealing, the dresses showing legs and figure, Francis could not help but feel that they got the easy option. Blue steel armour had come to common usage for its’ strength and its lightness but the amount that Francis wore now went a long way to make him feel sheathed in steel.  The metallic, gleaming armour covered his body, his arms and his face which lay concealed behind the grotesque engravings of a skull surrounded by flame, a motif that worked its way down his breastplate and across his shoulders in such a finely detailed and completely tasteless look that made Francis wonder how anyone could miss him. He had envisaged that they might have come all in black and with their faces covered, wearing garments to draw men’s eyes to the women’s legs and dressing Francis up in something that made him feel like the weight of the world, or at least a sizable chunk of it, had settled on his shoulders.
Vittar had also dressed up, or rather had dressed up in price with silks that the Dragonlord had provided including a jacket of deep purple slashed across rakishly with a matching belt, his breeches should have been called pantaloons considering how baggy they looked. He also wore gold, gold rings a golden thing around his neck that looked like it weighed more than a blue steel breastplate and even more gold, so much that he probably would be unable to swim if he fell into water. Each of the golden items might have been enough but for the gems, the sort of gems, which normally would buy a large farm and were not used to being clustered together with enthusiasm and a complete disregard to cost. If Vittar punched anyone Francis found himself wondering if the person would get a very impressive set of imprints by possibly the most expensive knuckledusters in history.
Francis looked around at the others as they gathered on the fore deck, his helmet allowing him to move his head around but restricting up and down movement. How anyone could fight in this much armour puzzled him greatly.
“Remember, everyone play your parts, let me do the talking and we’ll be in and out of the place before anyone even knows we’re there.” Vittar commented with a grimace that betrayed his tension.
The tension within Francis’s stomach probably more than matched Vittar’s when the ship came in sight of the Draxxon building which did not so much stand as it loomed. If the single delicate spire of The Dragonlord’s spire had impressed him, this building that had clouds gathered like a drapery of fine silk around it half way up replaced admiration with a deep-seated fear lightly sprinkled with awe.
From everywhere he could see, skyships of all sizes zipped over the red sands of the desert, like flies around the greatest corpse some would occasionally flit into the massive building through openings that pierced the side like wounds within the flanks of some immense and freshly dead animal. The building seemed like a hub, not merely of trade but all manner of activity and as they got closer it just seemed to grow and grow with an immensity that made Francis swallow hard. The spire had been delicate, a fragile piece of artwork that had defensibility as one of many functions but this place lacked any sense of delicacy at all and despite the height looked squat and heavy rather than ethereal and fragile.
The four towers reached up for the heavens but still managed to look blocky, undecorated and probably resilient enough to brush aside fleets, from the distance the surface looked grey and even, with no strands and no dividing elements between them almost as if the huge structure had been carved from a single block of stone though Francis doubted that a single block of pure stone could ever be found that huge. He estimated the structure to be at least three times the height of the Dragonlord’s spire, it dominated with a terrible majesty as if power and awful will had been given form in stone that made Francis’s knees tremble.
He wanted to ask Vittar just how many weapons would be available to swat their ship out of the air but then thought better of it when the answer would just heighten a fear that already came close to fever pitch.
Sagacity joined them, smiling with that contentment that comes of having her mind altered. “Master, we are being guided in now.”
“Guided?” Francis replied, his mouth so dry it took him two attempts to frame the words.
She nodded, still smiling and a tiny amount of envy crept into Francis’s thoughts, she knew no fear and could not even think of what might happen. In a way, the life of a blue must be remarkably simple and reinforced by what El Cor did to their minds. He had heard stories that most of the dead within the Shel Empire ended up as blues.
Unfortunately, Francis and the others did not have that advantage and the tension and fear on the deck of the ship almost paralysed them.
Steadily, the ship approached the side of the building while ahead a set of great doors slid open like the jaws of some impossible and hungry creature to reveal a chamber beyond large enough for a score of the ships like the one they used. Francis went over his role, repeating it within his mind like a mantra, to keep silent, look threatening and most of all to manage the strange trick of vanishing into the background while wearing armour that looked as if it had been designed with anything but in mind.
As the ship came to a berth, one that should have been one of many but instead seemed the only one of this massive chamber, Francis saw something that would have made his heart sink in dread if his stomach had not had already gone that way instead, instead perhaps heart and stomach both sank sharply to rest one atop the other.
Instead of a bare set of small warehouses within the lit interior of the fortress they had come in to land before what looked like a parade ground and a parade ground that looked occupied, in fact it looked very occupied.
The ramp lowered from their ship and Francis got his first good look at what awaited them while hoping that it would not be his last look.
Men like him, or rather wearing armour like his with the skull and flames motif stood in four blocks and perfectly neat rows, twenty men by twenty to each block and each with the slender deathwands raised. Never in his entire life had Francis seen such an arrangement of military might, particularly might not owned by a government but by nothing more than a trading house. Francis aimed a glance sideways towards Vittar which showed him to be pale and shocked but forcing a smile.
More men stood at attention, some in fancier versions of the armour that probably marked them as some kind of officers. 
The man that stepped to the bottom of the ramp brought new meaning to the word huge, not only did he possess a complete set of additional chins but looked so unwieldy that his crisp uniform managed to look as if something of correct lines had been put onto a ball with about as much success. The man managed to tower, loom and even eclipse all without much effort though he had not so much softened thanks to good living but liquefied entirely and one could easily say that the living must have not only been good but absolutely lavish. Unlike the hundreds of men out there he carried only a small deathwand and the kind of attitude and confidence that somehow suggested that the weapon would never be needed.
“Clovis I presume.” The man beamed as Vittar stepped down onto the waiting dock. Francis followed closely and he himself fell in line with Mouse, Kathleen and Sagacity.
The man stepped forward and engulfed Vittar in the kind of embrace that somehow suggested that if Vittar did not get loose soon he would be absorbed into the larger man and consumed, fortunately for the Dragonlord he had chosen to ride on Francis’s shoulder else he might have been crushed.
“You have the advantage of me.” Replied Vittar when he had been released from the hug of doom and never a truer word would be said for whomever this huge man had he had enough soldiers to do whatever he wanted with them, or rather to them. 
“It’s me Normar, come now I thought that we had exchanged enough mail for you to have a good idea by now,” The man set his hands on his hips, a gesture which might have once looked intimidating but now made him just look like a large amphora.
“Oh Normar, well it’s good to finally meet you.” Vittar deadpanned while pumping the other man’s hand and grinning the entire time. Only Francis picked up the slight edge within Vittar’s voice as if he had heard of Normar before and he found it anything but good to finally meet him.
“I’m glad that you came for the meeting, we could do with your opinion on the lands of our planned expansion.” Normar gave Vittar’s back the kind of slap that hinted that no small amount of muscle existed very well concealed under the layers of fat. 
It would have been easy for Vittar slip there and use the question that would have doomed them or at least made things incredibly difficult, where Francis felt he might have answered ‘what meeting?’ Vittar instead merely nodded and grinned. “Good, there’s a lot I need to share with you about the situation there.”
Planet Normar saw a gathering of cloud as the huge man’s grin vanished and concern creased his face in new and strange ways. “There’s a problem?”
“Well, we’ll see.” Vittar replied, waving his hand in a universal ‘not now’ gesture that caused the other man to nod slightly.
Normar nodded, Francis could feel the eyes pass over him with a minimum of interest but instead he focused on Kathleen and Mouse, rather too focused in fact for Francis’s comfort.
“Wow, these two whites are lookers Clovis, they must have cost you a fortune.” From his tone of voice Normar seemed to want to touch more than look.
Kathleen and Mouse kept their gazes lowered and their expressions neutral for the few seconds before Normar turned away from them. For a moment Kathleen’s cheeks flushed with fury but fortunately the big man did not seem to notice. 
“Any chance of bedding them later?” Normar said with a sickening self-satisfied grin.
“They’re mine Normar and you can’t have them. As the code says, mess not with another’s possessions; you know that.” Vittar replied coldly.
A code, the idea of a code struck Francis as a little strange for an organisation that might have been called organised crime if any legal body had the capacity to bring them to book, not quite as strange as Vittar knowing it well enough to quote.
“Yeah, but the code also suggests the chance of a free sample.” Normar replied, his grin growing as he regarded Mouse, Kathleen and Sagacity as if they were meat. 
“You’re not a buyer and these ladies are too useful to me, they’re not for sale and they’re also commanded to safeguard themselves with lethal force if need be.”
“Hey, I don’t intend to hurt them, they’d probably like it.”
“That’s beside the point, step away from my slaves Normar or we’re going to have a problem.” The words came as a shock to Francis, Vittar had just threatened a man in front of a large army. Francis in his stead realised he might have frozen or done something, probably something wrong that would have gotten them all killed if they were lucky.
Normar grinned and stepped up to Mouse’s side, in the next few seconds she showed admirable restraint for while he came within the narrowest margin of touching her through the fabric of her dress she did not take the opportunity to put her hand somewhere even more sensitive and with somewhat more force. Fortunately, Normar’s attention focused on himself and he did not even look at Mouse as he strode away from her back towards Vittar who raised one hand.
It took Francis a moment to realise that the hand had been meant as a signal to him and he drew his longsword in a single smooth motion, trying not to wince as in response the forces around them drew all of their blades in a singular and chilling harmony.
If looks could kill Normar would have been a sticky smear on the ground and floor before Mouse managed to master her expression again, the shift from glaring harpoons rather than mere daggers to a placid normality took a fraction of a second.
There are moments that exist as a knife-edge; balanced avenues of one possible future to another and all it would take to go from secure to dying would be a single gesture, a wrong word or perhaps a badly heard command. Vittar and Normar regarded each other with the same kind of cold calculation of two generals facing off and preparing for combat. On this moment, other moments would be spurned and Francis waited with baited breath to see if the future would hold sharp objects and fiery death or the alternative and he really, really hoped for the alternative.
“Don’t touch my slaves Normar,” Vittar said softly with a slight edge of steel that Normar did not even seem to notice.
“Right, you go and play with them in the conference hall and shortly we’ll expect you to fill us in, so no filling them in yet.” Normar replied, closing one eye in a languid and leering wink and waved one hand to the guards who sheathed their swords with the same mechanical precision that they had drawn them.
Francis had always wondered if the possibility existed of meeting someone that he would want to kill within minutes of talking with them but Normar had managed to prove that hate at first sight was alive and well. Something about Vittar’s expression suggested that he had thought along the same lines as well and Francis had the suspicion that if they did want to kill Normar they would probably have to go to the back of a very long queue.
Vittar gestured for them to follow and sure enough, Francis and the others followed him.

Chapter 20
From where Francis stood he had a very good view of possibly the most powerful people in this section of the world and a certain order had established itself. The bodyguards were positioned behind the chairs of those that they were defending, each of them dressed in armour that looked designed to intimidate as well as to provide protection against anything smaller than a siege weapon. The anima, and almost all of them were in white and beautiful women particularly of elven stock busied around, providing food and corafe for masters whom seemed to get all the more demanding and requiring of a massive selection of slaves. The table itself looked like a pool of inky blackness and stretched on for so long that Francis had to wonder just how people at each end could talk without having to shout and to use telescopes or possibly some kind of system using flags. Though it looked long enough to run almost the length of Francis’s main field the surface seemed so smooth, so black and pure that it almost looked to radiate blackness, swallowing light and casting a dark caste over the otherwise well-lit chamber.
The other element that surprised Francis he only noticed when other people started to take their seats. Obviously being quite small fry Vittar had been directed to a table near the bottom end of the table which soon started to fill up with people also using small retinues of women in white. As time went on the seats closer and closer to the head of the table started to fill and as they did so the outfits got more expensive, more dripping with gold, gems and casual displays of wealth that looked to have more to do with calculated emphasis while trying to appear casual until finally only the head position had not been occupied.
Behind the chair at the head of the table a white marble statue looked like a woman wrapped in a fine robe of cloth of gold, or probably real gold around the statue itself. She looked human, with one arm raised and a set of fine scales balancing from that hand. Like many statues she looked to possess a distant gaze that swept over the table. Her other hand rested close to her body and supported a harp, perhaps the last thing that Francis expected to see within this cathedral of commerce and business. Whomever this woman might have been from Draxxon’s history they had put her statue here to watch over the business still even probably centuries after her demise. Whenever someone passed close to the statue they seemed to give it a tiny bow followed by the gesture of two wrists pressed together, almost like a tiny honorific that had been around for so long that it had become a habit of a corner of society, reinforced into tradition.
There must have been enough wealth within the long hall to buy a dozen lands like Atiria, Francis allowed his eyes to roam from person to person slowly up the table and detected other patterns amid the displays of wealth and clothing. Those among the lower ranks went for purples and flamboyant, expensive colours while wearing gold marked with large gems. Normar sat among this line of people, looking so self-satisfied that Francis had to push down an irrational urge to wipe that smugness away. As his gaze swept up the table the colours got more sombre as if the people were making a statement that somehow, they had gone beyond the trappings of wearing silk and instead gone for well-tailored and simple clothing, however the men wore jewellery that looked simple to Francis’s eyes but he had no doubt that the small gems and plain metal would be valuable beyond measure. The top tier of people arrived just as matters seemed to be being drawn together for the start of the meeting and their outfits were simple, a dress without ostentation or a simple tunic and breeches that were well fitting, cut nicely but often without even a hint of gold or platinum at their throats or fingers. If the men and women around Vittar were the subjects then these people at the far end looked like the monarchs of Draxxon who wielded more power with the stroke of a pen than the likes of DaThoul did with his armies.
That kind of power seemed to settle around them, like snow or an invisible mist that others responded to, communicated in the deference that the middle and lower tiers showed. Draxxon had always been a distant name, a company that sold magic and did business with governments but now Francis saw the truth and that truth caused his mouth to go dry. This company, this massive and sprawling network of power and wealth had spread within kingdoms, invited in by many and selling to the tyrants, and to the resistance while stockpiling troops and weapons. If Draxxon wanted to fight a war they could crush nations but they did not fight wars, they let other people do the dying while they did the selling. One slender figure waited quietly while others assembled and when she sat she sat directly by the head of the table. Unlike the others she wore what looked like a cross between a robe and a dress, bell sleeved and belted at the waist the dress looked like the finest silk, so black that deep blue highlights seemed to suggest a deeper black than normal. She wore little jewellery and night black gloves extended to her elbows. People gave this dark-haired woman a wide berth and Francis found himself pondering what secrets remained within those deep and almond shaped eyes.
Draxxon was a canker, a spreading blight that cast a shadow across the world and this place contained one of its leaders. Even if they did manage to kill DaThoul, something would have to be done about Draxxon, even if that something just kept them out.
“Praise for silence.” A voice spoke from the head of the table and though the woman that spoke it did so in soft tones the words were audible even where Francis stood. The tide of conversation abated.
Then the ruler of all these men and women, the Emperor of this part of Draxxon entered and Francis’s breath caught while his eyes widened in shock.
The shambling pile that entered, escorted by one of the most beautiful women that Francis had ever seen dressed in slave white and obviously providing him with support, that pile might have once been a man it might even have appeared human but now it had become something else. Where a face should have been the flesh had shrunken against the skull and in places that flesh was missing entirely, the side of his jaw showed the yellowed white of ancient exposed bone crossed with pulsing veins that still carried blood. Where there had been lips, the flesh had withered so much that yellowed teeth were never covered. The worse though were the man’s eyes, orbs that still looked fresh and healthy yet fixed now in a tableau of that face, a face born of horror or the eventual decline of incredible age that went far beyond the normal span that most would know. Thin veins of black slowly pulsed and shifted over that face, shifting lines that sent a sliver of icy memory down Francis’s spine. The lines played across the pale surface of the being’s forehead, shifting through ancient designs like swarms of tiny insects scavenging across some alien and bony terrace. A patrician style nose had narrowed until it looked almost like a narrow razor ridge at the core of the face, if it could have been called such a thing.
Every movement, every twitch that the being made looked agonising or at least as difficult as could be when the body struggled on even when it should have long since failed, each step took forever and Francis found himself thanking the fates that had left the figure almost entirely hidden beneath a cowled robe. He could not stop his eyes rolling over to where one hand rested on the shoulder of the woman, skin had given way to something dry and shrivelled against the bones of the hand, each bone being clear with each tiny movement. 
Francis realised with a chill sensation that the man, the thing was a deathcaller and perhaps what he thought might have been some form of the ancient dead, like a lych the flame of this life might have dulled to an ember but life remained within that battered and torn shell.
“He’s the deathcaller, the one who killed me.” Jamiliah’s voice came as a sensual whisper against his ear and Francis had to take a moment to clear his mind, he could not speak to her here and among so many people and yet he itched to try and ask and to find out more. What had he done to end in such a condition, this man whom had owned the staff now could barely hold a hand.
She had said before that she twisted the wording, that she had always made sure that when people did something so grotesque that disturbed her and yet she had to follow their orders she always worked to the wording exactly rather than the spirit of what her wielder said. Before he had thought power blackened the soul but there were other risks in tampering with power like this, the danger of a mistaken direction or even something said in error. Power carried risks, great risks and one such risk stood before him. He had wished for eternal life, he had created a powerful artefact out of the soul of a princess and then demanded that the magic of the staff keep him alive forever, but he had not wished for eternal youth so he had aged and aged until the wear and tear of time upon his body had slowly ground him away into the horror, the twisted thing that shambled before him.
Francis would have asked for more information but for the fact that a warrior mumbling within his own helmet would have probably drawn a lot of notice.
The room had fallen silent in the presence of this being, though people that stared at it did not do so in horror or in shock, instead their faces showed nothing but confidence mingled with a little bit of awe. This being had been here for centuries and had no doubt played a big part in establishing Draxxon and they all looked to him for guidance as a being that could never be assassinated and would never fall to disease or weapon or poison, he would be undying.
The undying took his seat with the care of someone whom is wary their body might break. The master of the staff and the one person they needed to deal with also happened to be the most powerful entity present and one he could not merely kill.
“I bid you to all bear witness to the symbol of Uro.” The figure whispered and behind him two slaves unfurled a flag of deep blue that looked worn and torn through age, the core of it looked like line with such a curve that it almost formed a circle and two horizontal lines struck through it.
“Uro, we pray for you to come to us in volume and in greatness and shed your light over us.” Every voice at the table said it all at once, it had never occurred to Francis that the financial might of Draxxon might have a god but they seemed to worship one that he had never heard of.
“In the name of Draxxon,” the words came from the lips of everyone around the tower and as one they all performed a tiny bow, more of a large nod to the statue of the woman at the end of the table.
It made Francis wonder if the name Draxxon had not originated from the company but instead of a person whom might have founded it. 
As he watched each figure took a single coin from about their person and placed it before them and a moment’s silence followed before The Undying nodded slightly and spoke with a soft voice that sounded not only weak but so phlegm filled that Francis found it surprising that he could speak at all. “I would like to welcome the representatives of El Cor to this strategy meeting and first I think we should get a minor point out of the way before we get to the meat of the meeting. Vicara, you have something to say.”
At the mention of El Cor, the dark lady Francis saw earlier presented the Undying with a dazzling smile that somehow seemed wrong on the face of someone whom did such dark deeds.
“Master treasurer,” a well-dressed woman in a simple green velvet dress replied, clearing her throat waiting until everyone looked at her. “I have the first point of order. The conflict in the southern Auster has ended and peace has once more been gained with the elves. Ten thousand elven corpses were sold to El Cor and our portion of their profits should see a very healthy profit for us.”
That caused a cheer and many hands banged on the table causing it to vibrate and even hum strangely. 
“Thank you Vicara, I’m sure that the elves will buy more weapons from us and think again before attacking human lands. After all, if war is hell then peace is unprofitable.” The Undying said quietly before he glanced down the table.
The figure that stood looked so slender that Francis believe Vittar could snap him with one hand though people glanced at each other with a slightly look of nervousness that this little man now chose to speak.  As he spoke he would occasionally stroke a goatee that he thought probably made him look intelligent in a scheming sort of way. Unfortunately, it made him look more like an anorexic goat. “I should explain that a project suggested by the Master Treasurer is now approaching fruition. I have charged Normar with gaining contacts in the Edge of the world islands. He has succeeded in building a network of salesmen and agents including Clovis whom is with us and has worked as a central administrator.
“Normar, you vouch for Clovis.”
For the first time, a tiny amount doubt clouded Clovis’s face but an admission in front of this august council would have probably shattered his reputation. “Of course, Clovis and I have exchanged many letters and a lot of trade bringing a lot of coin our way.”
Vittar chose that moment to stand and nod, allowing others to recognise him, from behind his gestures struck Francis as a little awkward and jerky.
“Then so be it Normar, you know the price for if this man proves unworthy of your recommendation.”
Normar did know the price; ignorance would not have caused a person to blanch the way he did and the look he gave Vittar suggested that Normar did not like to get all the pain himself, he would share it around if need be.
“My lords and ladies the situation in the Edge of the world Isles is getting very interesting indeed. We have spoken with a warlord there by the name of Kelthan DaThoul and he shows a very great interest in getting offices for Draxxon and for El Cor there and he is willing to negotiate favourable trade terms for a major prize.” Normar grinned, this would be the deal which made him and though Francis knew what he intended to get for El Cor and Draxxon he had little doubt most people did not.
“For centuries,” Normar continued, “The Ssaved have been like gods but one of their major talents will fall into our hands this day. We have located a Ssaved whom will soon develop the ability to imprint. During this time, we can learn their secret, we can assign skills, magical talents and knowledge to items and embed them in slaves. The talent a slave has can be the talent a master has, or a master can own the knowledge within a book completely. Imagine the future my friends where skills, magic and power are bought and we, we will be the sellers.”
Francis wondered if buckets should have been handed out for the drool from the assembled merchants as each of them realised the potential of what Normar could be bringing them and most of them leaned forward. The silence went from a polite silence to one of greed focused utterly on the one man.
“I hate to bring this up,” one man commented, his eyes narrowed into cold slits and his pale expression giving the impression of a man layered in tiny fragments of frost. “Imprinting is a Ssaved secret, it’s something they only learn after they’ve changed and for all we know there is no way to gain it. Have you ever faced a fully matured Ssaved, you are not discussing something you can kill with a dozen men. I’ve seen one angry Ssaved lay waste to mountains. Are you telling me you can kill one?”
“Ah Thomas, how did I know it would be you that required proof and normally I would agree with you. But this is not a normal circumstance. Within the spire of Laksee there is a dwarf Ssaved, fully grown and approaching the point of power where he can imprint. Our estimates say this dragon would only be twenty or thirty-foot long. Nature has given us a gift ladies and gentlemen, a tiny Ssaved and one unpopular enough that none of them will miss his passing. Once we have that secret then we can imprint slaves with the skills we want, El Cor can become a production line for slaves that even boost the power of their owners.” Replied Normar, brimming with so much confidence that it came across more as arrogance.
Greedy silence mingled with stunned silence, even Thomas looked impressed and leaned back while interlacing his fingers.
Francis found himself confused, he had seen no mature Ssaved at Laksee, there had only been.
Oh, by Evandra
The thought came like lightning, jumping from the back of his mind and with such force that Francis knew it to be true. The Dragonlord could have been a drake, but no or even some kind of lesser Ssaved but the truth arrived icicle sharp and brutal.  The Dragonlord had never claimed to be a Lord of Dragons; he instead derived the name from being a Dragon whom is also a Lord.  The size of the realisation somehow just would not fix in Francis’s mind and if he had not been wearing a completely covering face mask he would have just stared at the tiny figure perched on Vittar’s shoulder whom listened innocently in on plans to destroy him. The Ssaved, the dragons had always been like gods, powerful beyond measure and total in their will and one sat among them looking like a stupid pet. While they blithely discussed their plans, unaware that they shared them with their enemy.
“Does the dragon know what we intend?” The answer came from someone nearer the top of the table who looked as if he favoured the kind of wizard’s robes that would probably light up a darkened room or at least look like someone who dressed in one.
“Clovis?” Normar asked, smiling warmly.
At that point, the Dragonlord seemed to be nuzzling Vittar’s ear, Francis hoped that he might be communicating instructions of some kind.
“The one flaw in the plan is simple. The Dragon has been building up weapons, lots of them in fact the weapons that we thought destroyed in fires, we believe are in his hands.” Vittar said, pausing as if thinking
“So, they’re well-armed,” said Thomas. “We’re not the ones doing the dying.”
“But a ruined nation will not be able to afford what we have to offer. DaThoul will lose so many men that there is no doubt the other nations around Atiria would crush it,” Vittar lied, and he seemed to Francis to be one of nature’s liars, the kind of person who could use the words ‘trust me’ with absolute sincerity.
“You have something in mind Clovis.” The Undying did not phrase the statement as a question or even a suspicion, he knew without the shadow of doubt that Vittar had a plan.
Francis also knew that Vittar had a plan, which came as something of a surprise for he had not been aware himself that they had a plan.
“I do, I know that Kelthan DaThoul has access to part of the staff of Ryak.”
The words had more than the desired effect, almost as one and probably unaware of what they were doing almost everyone at the table leant forward and The Undying looked as if he would wet his lips in anticipation if he had lips to wet or even moisture to wet them with.
“It is my belief that with the fragment here, another which is being held by a group of rebels and the one in DaThoul’s palace we could use the staff during the conflict, limiting the damage to the forces of the one ally we have.” Vittar went on smiling a winning smile.
“You know of the location of another fragment.” The Undying fixed Vittar with a look that might not have been intended to be intimidating but Francis felt grateful that he would not have to endure it.
“I do, the rebels will sell it to me, I believe with this artefact we can prove our power to our ally and make ourselves invaluable. Draxxon and DaThoul will come out of this brilliantly or my name isn’t Clovis Dannerfels,” said Vittar.
The enormity of the lie should have shrivelled the air and Francis darted his look around wondering just how anyone could miss out on spotting a lie so immense. Up to that point Francis had never encountered the true meaning of a ‘cold sweat’ but his tunic clung to his body now while the infinite seconds ticked slowly by to witness if Vittar succeeded in this falsehood.
He nearly fell over when people, pausing to make sure that everyone superior to them had done the same thing, started nodding at the plan. That nod slowly worked its way down the table from the top ranks to the bottom. 
The Undying clenched his hands, as if he grasped the staff within them already and something that looked leathery and dry came from within his mouth and rasped across his teeth. He tried to keep his voice level, he tried and he failed. “Then we will have all but one fragment of the staff.”
“That’s the idea. Then it would be my pleasure to give the staff to you and Draxxon.” Vittar flashed them all a grin but he focused on The Undying and radiated the sincerity of a second-hand horse dealer.
“I like it.” The Undying replied and of course when he liked it everyone else decided that they also had more than a little fondness for Clovis’s plan in what struck Francis as a sort of retroactive agreement. At this level in Draxxon it looked to be the case that no one wanted to disagree with the smart power and when the bosses agreed, that agreement became contagious until everyone did so.
The Undying turned and made a comment to the slave woman whom obediently curtsied and slipped out. The man grinned, at least Francis hoped he had grinned, he had a hard time telling. “My slave is going to get the fragment and you can take it with you Clovis, bring back the other parts when The Dragonlord’s soul has been claimed and we finally have a foothold on the Isles at the edge of the world.”
Francis could not believe his ears, somehow the plan which he had doubted could be called a plan seemed to be falling into line and Vittar combined with The Dragonlord had managed to do what he would not have even conceived of doing. If everything went to plan they would walk out with Draxxon’s blessing with everything they wanted. 
How could this be possible, how could they manage such a coup and so quickly without bloodshed? The blood, perhaps thankful for not being shed, ran to Francis’s head and a pounding filled his ears, he thought for a moment that he would faint dead away and the plan would fail but no one seemed to notice him or the girls, they were invisible in a way someone’s eyes passed over the unimportant without really registering them as anything other than background, mobile background, furniture that served but to them they had managed to be utterly concealed by standing in plain sight.
The slave returned, carrying the other fragment, which looked like the other serpent and she placed the fragment in front of Vittar, giving him a glimpse of cleavage and a warm smile before she returned to her desiccated master.
They had won, with a smile and a few costumes they had tricked one of the most powerful organisations in the world, Francis allowed himself a grin.
Vittar opened his mouth to thank The Undying but a soft buzzing intruded, cutting his words off and drawing his eyes down to the fragment which now had started to glow a soft blue and vibrate.
The fragments within Francis’s scabbard also matched that vibration, gently buzzing against his skin and he dreaded to look down, certain he would see the same blue glow from within the fabric
Oh no he thought, it seemed the appropriate thing to think at the time and he knew what would happen next, dreading it.
The fragment flew at him, suddenly and sharply like an intelligent thrown knife and though he tried to dodge the rest of the staff burned through the scabbard on his back and collected itself before him, almost without his thought his hand wrapped around the nearly complete artefact.
Every set of eyes had tracked the motion and now every single set of eyes stared at the figure that none of them had really seen even though every single one of them had been in the same room as him.
The serpent merged with the rest of the statue, forming three parts of the staff but as it did so it let out a brilliant blue light that imprinted his image on the eyeballs of everyone there.
Soon that light came from not just the staff itself but also from Francis, ripping down every tendon and cord of his body and for a moment making him feel like a being aflame with alien power. He drew the staff towards his chest as the rattling grew but was swamped by the barrage on the senses, that light grew and grew until the hall itself became a container that did not seem able to hold it, veins of power tore out, like streams of white and blue light that were thrust like prominences from the central power until tumbling back.
These people were used to power, they were used to being able to terminate lives, businesses and even towns with a word but never had any of them seen power so utterly consuming and so raw. Francis did not tumble into the other world, the mental space for soon he knew there would be more than enough trouble in this one. The light died and he knew that in seconds they would have to fight not to join it.
When he stood there, the last of the light fading people blinked to clear their eyes but in moments The Undying had made the mental jumps that the rest of them were getting to. He knew more than anyone the power of the staff of Ryak and that power had just displayed itself to him.
He raised one hand and echoed the words that are never any good but Francis had been dreading this last few hours. “Get him.”
The next couple of minutes were a blur, yes Francis could have called on The Staff and they might have been able to blast their way out with a horrendous loss of life on both sides, if they had chosen to fight they might have made it but then they would not have been enough of an outside chance that any gambler would have bet on. 
“I’ve got a powerful artefact and I’m not scared to use it,” Francis yelled, even as he said it he knew that he probably had spoken one of the worse lines in history for intimidation but it did have the desired effect and the great and good of Draxxon recoiled from him almost as if expecting him to spit magical fire and death at any moment, Francis later thought back and agreed that their reaction could be called wise.
The single factor that lingered with Francis though, the one element of the tableaux that stood about above all involved the look that The Undying gave the artefact he held in one hand. Most people looked with fear, fascination and a dash of anger but The Undying regarded what he had probably not seen for a long time with such hunger, such utter and complete coveting that Francis almost felt for him.
“I am the master of the staff of Ryak.” The Undying said, standing to his full height and glowering, he had the perfect face for the expression. He extended one hand towards Francis and the artefact, however the staff remained in Francis’ hand.
“Wrong, very wrong and now we are going to walk out of here and none of you are going to try and stop us or I’ll prove just how wrong you are.” Francis wondered for a moment whom had said such brave words until he realised the voice had been his own.
Silence fell, the kind of silence which had pointy suggestions that the future could be very brief indeed. The other figures in armour levelled their deathwands and bolters at Francis and Vittar and with a sort of fatalistic flicker Francis wondered how much of them would be left intact if they all fired.
But none of them did fire, instead they all seemed to be waiting for some kind of signal before letting loose the dreadful firepower Draxxon could level. The wealthy merchants, as they often do, slowly tried to look as if they were nowhere near Vittar at all.
“Normar, you vouched for this man,” The Undying’s sentence slid out and into place like the blade of some kind of execution machine and Normar paled, his expression going from confused to hunted.
Two of the armoured figures brought their hands down on Normar’s shoulders and began to drag him away.
“They tricked me!” He yelled, all swagger stolen from him now.
“And you were tricked, you know the cost. Guards, you know what to do.” The Undying’s reply contained little emotion, as if an annoying fly had to be brushed away.
They did, and so did Normar, it too several minutes and two more guards before the sounds of his struggling and screaming finally left the chamber.
At that point, all faces returned to Francis and Vittar slowly stood, moving over to Francis’s side while Mouse and Kathleen also grouped around him like a little knot of stubborn gristle within the belly of a powerful beast.
“Why not just kill them and take the staff?” Thomas asked the question that Francis had been hoping would not be asked.
“Because when the staff belonged to me I placed an enchantment on it. Any attempt to kill the bonded owner might succeed but they would also cause the staff to respond with all of its force against the attacker and anyone stood near him.” The Undying spoke with a calm that seemed soothing and yet all the more terrible for the grotesque visage from which it stemmed.
At that point people shuffled away from Thomas slightly, almost imperceptibly.
“But that can’t be bad, just use a slave.” Thomas replied but the doubt in his voice suggested that he suspected it would not work that way.
“I think you underestimate the power that would be used. We might lose a large area.” The Undying replied, rolling his eyes in a silent admonition.
“How big?” whispered Thomas.
“The base, and most of the fleet around it.”
A gasp followed, along with fear but very, very little movement.
Francis suddenly wanted to be a long, long way away from here, particular with that little nugget of knowledge.
“It seems you have given us something of a rather insoluble AOB, but you are surrounded by weapons and some of the finest soldiers in the world. Do you really think you can escape?”
“We can and we must, if you stop me I will use this staff and I will make sure that I do as much damage as I can.” Francis replied. 
His comment seemed to get the desired result and though the idea of being a walking weapon of mass annihilation terrified him the thought of them falling into the hands of Draxxon struck him as being much worse. For Francis to do this, to hold an army to ransom would have been unthinkable a month ago but the last month had been one that had shown Francis terror, awe and anger and now had some shock at how collected he sounded. “Now, I want these instructions followed. I’m taking us out of here and you will provide us with a ship, no traps and no recall and then we’ll go.”
“You do realise that this is not over young man.” The Undying spoke softly.
“If you let us go and we get the last fragment, we can release you.” Kathleen blurted.
The words were the first ones to really hit home, The Undying froze for a moment staring at Kathleen and then at Francis’s hand and silence fell.
It remained for almost three minutes, The Undying seeming lost for words before he finally nodded. “Accede to their demands. Let them go, the Staff might be useful but it should not interfere with our plans. We will let you go if you swear to not tell The Dragonlord what you have heard here.”
Francis found himself grateful for the helmet once more, it concealed the grin that spread over his lips and fortunately everyone had focused on him so they hardly noticed Mouse hiding her lips behind her hand.
It took some effort to not laugh for Francis. “We can swear that, we will not discuss what we have heard here with the Dragonlord and we will not warn him of your intentions.” 
“I will know if you break your oath. I have to ask what it is that you intend to do with my staff.” The Undying snarled and it might have been an impressive threat if the Dragonlord had not already been completely aware of every single portion of their intentions.
“We can’t discuss that but all you need to know is that we intend to make sure that justice is served.” As he spoke, a small growl entered Francis’s voice.
Justice did not seem to register with The Undying, he merely inclined his head slightly before slowly shaking his head and chuckling. “Justice, I do find that amusing but if you can get the staff back together use it and then return to me. I have an option you might be interested in.
Vittar stepped forward, his gaze level and his voice low. “Pacta Sund Servanda.”
A pregnant silence followed before The Undying finally nodded. “Pacta Sund Servanda.”
Francis shifted his weight from one foot to the other, trying to watch every single one of the weapons pointed at him but for that he really would have needed a lot more eyes.  He tried not to notice the way almost a hundred weapons tracked his every movement.
“It’s fine,” said Vittar, looking around at the others. “They’ve guaranteed our safe passage. The Pacta means that they’ll allow us to leave as long as we take the staff with us.”
“On foot?” Francis asked, raising the statuette slightly, a gentle command from his thoughts sent a wave of energy sizzling out like a lash of pure fire. The demonstration fizzled out over the middle of the table and the eyes that focused back on Francis now contained more fear than discomfort.
“I’m sure Draxxon will give us a ship. The pact will not be broken, it’s their way.”
“But what if they just decide to kill us?” Kathleen vocalised what had been on all their minds.
“They won’t, the pact once it is used is binding to all parties. If they attacked us then Francis would be within his rights to do as much damage as he could with the staff.”
Kathleen and Francis exchanged a look and even with them stood so close to danger he longed just to draw her close to him, to run one hand slowly down her spine, counting the tiny little bumps along the way. That longing had such force that it almost became a physical thing.
The look that she gave him contained a mixture of emotions, fear mingled with the hurt that burned like a flame that he knew he had lit within her heart. He realised then that only those that are really close can be hurt on that level, wounded to the core of their being. Only with those people are we vulnerable enough for each look, each word said wrong to be a source of pain.
“Right, we want a ship and we don’t want to be pursued.” Mouse said, putting as much iron in her voice as she could and breaking Francis and Kathleen out of that moment of connection.
“Agreed. Please bring it back to me when you’ve done.” The Undying replied, unlike the others who looked at the staff with dread, only longing showed within his eyes.
“We’ll think about it.” Francis replied.
They were led from the hall; all the while Francis found it necessary to keep the Staff to hand just in case of a counterattack that never came.
Even Francis’s untrained eye told him that the ship that Draxxon had set aside for them could have been called the bottom of the range if the range had extended that far down. A simple forty-foot-long ship it looked as if it could have the accommodation for about 6 people as long as those people were good friends and did not mind living very close to each other. Like most skyships the hulls looked plated with overlapping plates of vivid blue, traced through with silver highlights though it looked as if decoration had been something of an afterthought, if it had been any thought at all.
Francis had never thought that Draxxon would do the basic sort of ship, the sort without frills and without refinements other than the basic necessities. If the nature of the ship could be taken as a reflection of the esteem of the owner then Draxxon had given them the cheapest means of getting rid as soon as possible and with an esteem that would have rendered most almost suicidal. 
Over a hundred guards lined the docks, the Draxxon way of saying ‘go away, and do it now’, some people are said to say it with flowers, Draxxon on the other hand communicated with lots of armed guards.
Francis only allowed himself to breathe a long sigh of relief when the massive fortress of Draxxon became little more than a lump on the horizon.

Chapter 21
Malin awoke, as many would do the sounds of sirens, the high-pitched screaming of the machine that the Emperor had insisted on installing striking him less like a noise, becoming something that pierced the mind like a rusty nail ripping along the nerves and grating through the wit.  The sense of having such a distracting noise had never struck Malin as particularly logical, he had no problems with the concept of being at arms and ready for any attack, in fact he would have been poor at his chosen role if he did but the noise ground down a person’s will until they could do little but try to drive out the noise that became almost physically intrusive.
Pulling on a long tunic he managed to be fully alert and striding out of his chambers within less than a minute of being awake. Some commanders let themselves go when they achieved the higher ranks, slowly allowing the physique that had raise them through the ranks, fat tended to settle on such people, muscle giving way and soon heading all the way into flab. To his way of thinking, that behaviour smacked of allowing temptation and allowing the bad habits of good living to run their lives.
Coldly precise he turned his head to Connira, his second in command, a striking woman whom looked at home in either an evening gown or in full armour, her lustrous black hair could tumble all the way to her waist when she let it loose, which she rarely did, her beautiful features were this side of angular and if she had not been so interested in her career she would have had her pick of suitors. The snappiness in his voice would be lost as he raised his voice to be heard over the siren. “Report.” 
Connira did not salute, Malin had not emerged wearing his helmet but the snap of command came from more than just his uniform. “The Emperor has raised the alarm Grand Marshall; the troops are being mobilised for an attack.”
Digesting what Connira said took several seconds for him. The only force he knew of capable of a direct attack on the Castle came from the Kingdom of Niria, a large kingdom far to the south, far too far for them to suddenly pierce all the way to the Emperor’s home. A lesser man might have gawped at Connira, but he had never been a lesser man and retained his crisp and cool manner. By now the siren had all the charm of listening to a man be ripped in twain. “By whom?”
Now Connira managed to look faintly awkward, like someone whom had been given an order that made little sense and yet still had to carry it out. “The source has not been made plain sir.”
Malin stared out over the plains and the city beneath. The city of Atiria seemed to be mostly dark but he could see no rampaging army and the fires of massive military camps failed to speckle the horizon. In fact, the night looked abnormal only in its normality.
Serving a paranoid Emperor came with a package of things that had to be tolerated and while Kelthan DaThoul suspected almost everyone around him of plotting and had woken Malin before with demands that the traitors be executed, the traitors often seeming to have been picked out at random but this night marked the first time the entire castle had been put on alert. Probably because doing so might alert the potential traitors in waiting and probably not even aware that their number had come up on Atiria’s only national prize draw, have your name selected and lose everything.
A sudden tension in Connira’s expression warned him and he turned in time to pull a perfect salute before the august person of Kelthan DaThoul who strode in wearing the kind of armour that had nothing to do with practicality and had everything to do with blinding the enemy with gold, platinum and garishness. The sort of armour designed for leading the victory parades that it had never been used for.
“Are we ready?” Kelthan asked though Malin had sometimes wondered which ‘we’ he spoke about.
“We are ready to face your enemy Emperor.” Malin replied, giving the answer some military fervour.
“Good, they will arrive in a few hours. There will be a single ship and they seek to kill me and steal what is mine. I will not have that, what is mine is mine and what is theirs is mine.” The Emperor looked as if he might stumble into one of the rants that could last for hours. A little part of Malin wondered if the Emperor would rant long enough for the attack to take place and even be countered before recovering himself.
Malin paused, letting The Emperor babble, usually interrupting that flow could lead to an interruption of breathing but he had said himself that the castle should be on alert.
At first, he tried clearing his throat, the universal way of expressing that time should be considered a factor but that did nothing to stop the Emperor. Kelthan had been transferring troops back to the castle over the last two weeks, ever since Sharrath told him that the stalker had been killed and he had to report that a full team of hunters had been crushed like an egg shell by what they described as an avenging fury. So many soldiers had reinforced the castle garrison that Malin had to ask for no more to be taken from the three fronts of war attacking other nations or else there would have been a collapse of the defensive positions he had been forced to take.
“And we all know that they’re all there, they all linger within the shadows, they talk about me you know.” The Emperor said, grabbing Connira’s arm as he ranted. She responded by assuming the wide-eyed expression and nodding that one often did under these sorts of conditions.
When the Emperor went into one of these states a dialogue became a monolog.
“A ship, Draxxon say they will come in a ship and they will be well armed and they have something, something powerful to kill everyone.” The Emperor ranted.
Malin steeled himself, picking out the words that seemed connected with the alert, or at least selecting the lucid ones before he looked at Connira. “Prepare the ship killer. I want archers on every flat surface and I also want the ship bolters set up.”
Atiria had invested in a light lance, a weapon capable of knocking a ship out of the air, they could not afford one as powerful as the one on The Dragonlord’s spire but the huge gem still presented enough of a threat to air ships to smash them out of the air. That glittering purple maelstrom of power had almost beggared the empire, but with any luck it would prove its’ value tonight.
If they were going to arrive in one ship then the defences that they had thought to build up should give them a very, very bad night. One ship would be ripped apart by the sheer weight of bolter fire in the air even if the ship killer missed, which would be unlikely. Even a heavy cruiser would be ripped to shreds and he doubted that they had brought an assault ship.
“Oh, and they’re bringing the staff.”
The last sentence caused Malin’s heart to sink, he had seen that staff in action and had held the cherished dream that it would not be used again. The city of Silven had stood against them once and hardly a single warrior had been lost in the initial assault.
The Emperor had used the staff and unleashed such forces of magic on the city guards that they were mown down and in many cases, did not even leave a corpse to mark where the person had fallen. They had attacked in overwhelming force but that staff had turned what should have been an easy battle into a bitter mockery of combat.
The men of Silven had put up a brave fight but Kelthan had been singular with his drive and possessed such rage that anyone that raised a sword died.
If the attackers had the staff then they could sit outside the range of the ship killer and his men would die in such numbers that the army of Atiria might never recover. There would be no point to the slaughter, no honour as people were just erased out of existence. 
“You will defend me to the last man,” the Emperor said and Malin knew that his words contained so much truth that they could be a prediction of the future. The men would stand in the way of something that had reduced hardened troops to babbling children and there would be a massacre the likes of which he had not seen since Silven.
Malin had spent his entire career building up the military of Atiria and preparing it for what he had been told would be defensive wars due to Atiria’s jealous neighbours, of course most of those defensive wars had involved the defensive invasion of other countries, just in case they intended to attack. Now Kelthan would squander the lives of that army to defend his own and Malin knew that whomever carried it would be so angry that the castle would burn, the city would burn and Atiria would die, consumed within the forge of the wars it had created.
The truth came like a hammer that Atiria could not afford to lose the castle and the men and few women that warded it, sooner or later attrition would wear down the fronts and the humiliation of defeat would follow the horror of slaughter. Sometimes truth can come in the form of illumination and the other times it can arrive in the form of creeping dread, crawling into the back of the mind as a black realisation. Malin knew his options and knew how much death would follow.
“Connira, attend to preparing the defence and shut that damned siren off. I have something to attend to.” He snapped, leaving the Emperor to his raving.
The siren shut off before he reached Sharrath’s door and walked right in without knocking or waiting for the door to open for him. Where there had been only the fear of sorcery now, something else arose within him, almost like a fatalistic bravery that exists when the likelihood of seeing another dawn is just a sweet hope. 
Sharrath had occupied her time with packing, laid near her bed a single pole, about two feet of silvered metal lay, shimmering with blue light and already vibrating. She had chosen to forsake her normal close-fitting garments for something that looked practical enough to suggest time on the road, a simple travelling dress with a cloak.
Malin knew it, he had seen it and now the way it seemed to be getting ready just as the troops were filled him with dread.
Then Sharrath jumped at him, for a moment he thought she had attacked him up to the point where she wrapped her arms around his body and rested her head on his chest. “Oh Malin.” 
Oh, he thought in response, words evading him.
“You know I’ve always loved you.” She said, her words the whisper that rocked his world.
He had not known, he had always gained the impression that she looked on him as the loyal pet of the Emperor and viewed him with the same good-natured contempt that a noble might have for a slave. 
“Oh?” He replied, cursing himself for his lack of eloquence but then her words made everything slide into place, the glances and the looks she gave him, the physical games and toying were all for his benefit. He had not been able to see this or perhaps he had just been blinded by the fear of her magic and her eyes.
“Come with me,” she said, the pleading hard to resist.
“I have a duty; the Emperor needs me.” He wondered for a moment if he sounded just as stupid as he felt saying those words.
“The Emperor would kill you in a heartbeat if he thought you were a traitor Malin, you know that.”
The woman had been blighted, her eyes were gone and she had done deeds so dark that they made him shudder inside and yet perhaps there could be a way.
“Sharrath, you would have to give up the dark magics, take them from your life. I could not live with that.”
He knew he had asked a lot of her, to give up her livelihood but the tampering with those energies appalled him on such a basic level that it would have to end.
“Yes Malin, I would. Do you have to do this?”
Malin nodded, the offer held temptation, without magic and if he got used to those eyes then yes, she had always been beautiful and he had never known, never seen while dancing on the Emperor’s strings. The Emperor had done worse than killing them, he had robbed them of something for so long, a something vital that they had never missed and never even known had gone.
Had they ever possessed truly free will under DaThoul, whom had given them orders to do terrible things though the price of not following those orders would have been just as terrible and final, Kelthan and turned them into marionettes of his will, performing awful deeds but if they had not someone else would have done the same and they would have screamed out their lives, somehow along the way the horror had become commonplace and the awful had been the tools of work. It seemed almost as if they had been living a terrible dream where He had been the nightmare, delivering death and damnation of a thousand different shades and now he saw clearly, it had taken a woman without eyes to make him finally see.
He had to do this, not for the Emperor whom had been unworthy of his loyalty for so long that he had wasted his life enforcing a rule that had become awful and corrupt but for the people that came now with revenge in their hearts and fire in their hand. He had to stand before them and admit his crimes, his deeds and either they would forgive him or they would incinerate him. He had always been a soldier but what can a soldier do when everything he served and hoped for became twisted and blackened by the ash of sin and the screams of the innocent. He had dreamed of glory, but in the end, should have just not bothered with the ‘l’ in that word.
He would go to battle but he would not march as the leader of an army, instead he would go as a penitent seeking the release of oblivion or absolution. Lesser men might have been filled with fear and Malin would have been lying to say that part of him did not dread what would unfold but he would take responsibility. It would have been easy for him to say that he had just been following orders but he now would answer for them and either be washed clean, or burned away.
He slowly raised his hands to her, holding her slender body by the arms for a moment before he leant down to kiss her, a kiss that lasted several minutes.
“I have to do this Sharrath, I’m sorry and I might die but I have to do this. Go to the gates of the city and wait for me there. If I survive to come I am yours if you will be mine.” 
She looked into his eyes and nodded and they kissed again, this one lasted longer but they both noticed then the base of the staff began to vibrate even more, curlicues of blue fire crawling from the thing and then a sudden sensation of movement when the staff had been called elsewhere, to merge with the rest of the artefact. Malin had suspected as much, they would not battle to the staff but merely use the considerable power that they had access to and merely call the last fragment that they needed to them. The staff of Ryak, the most powerful artefact that Malin knew of had finally been reassembled and soon the fire and rage from the thing would come home.
Now he knew what to do and he had only a little time within which to do it. They already knew the battle had been lost before it had been joined but now he had to go about making sure that they did not lose the Empire or most of all he wanted to make sure he could not lose the bits of himself that might be worth saving.

Chapter 22
Francis’ veins and nerves rippled with more energy and power than he had known could exist within one body, the fury so incredible and profound in intensity that the feelings before were just dim shadows in comparison to the charge, the capability he had within him now. Such power seemed beyond the energies a mage could carry and the fury within spilled into him as in part his mind bled into the staff and it into him until staff and wielder seemed fused into one terrible being, an avatar of the vengeance he wanted. Even the thought of revenge, mingled with that of Jamiliah’s caused another pulse to ripple through his flesh until he thought he would merely shatter into smaller and smaller pieces as the energy discharged. The deck of the small ship looked bleached into pure whites and blacks under the force of his will and by the merciless light of the staff’s brilliant energies. 
The energies were too much for the human body to stand, he knew that and each time he used it the flame of his life would also be drawn from just in the same was as happened when he first used it. A glance at his friends, the starkness of their features in a light without softness told him that they too knew the possible cost of what he had to do. He may bring down the kingdom, he may smash the castle and Kelthan DaThoul but eventually the physical demands of even using the staff would come home and present the cost of a glimpse of what must have been like being a Ssaved. If he used it too much, if he lingered too often then that cost could kill him or exact a physical price that would merely make him wish it had.
For so long now he had thirsted for revenge, to right the wrongs done to him and his family and he had the tool to do that with. He would flay the armies of the Emperor and then destroy the man utterly, only then will he use the staff in the manner it had been actually intended for. He would free his people, restore Mouse and the others to life and rule Silven with Jamiliah at his side. Only when everything had been done and every deed been writ large within the world would he destroy the staff and free the woman he loved to live as his queen. As he would rule the country he would be with the woman that ruled his heart.
There would be no pleasant way to do this, none at all and though he loved both women deeply he knew now the difference between the loves that they shared. It had never occurred to Francis before that love could be a whole range of emotions rather than just the one. In the stories, he had listened to as a child love came only in the one form, the love of a man and a woman that could reshape worlds and last until the stars finally burned cold and he had never realised just how many shades of love could exist all within the perspective of one family and the friends. He had found love and love had always been there for him all in one and now he had finally come to appreciate the difference. The love of a family, which he shared with Mouse had a power which bonded them together and though they had only known each other for a pair of weeks that love had grown and felt so right and pure that he would lay his life down for her and knew she would do the same. He had set out for revenge, to see Kelthan DaThoul burn for his crimes and it had been so easy to be angry and let the anger carry him but now he knew the real reason he had pursued this quest and part of it involved bringing Mouse back to a full and rich life that she had sacrificed saving him.
Then the love of a friend, a person man or woman that Francis wanted as part of his life, not necessarily that passionate time they had shared within the spire but it had been precious, one thing they could always share. Kathleen might have been a lover, but he knew now that his life would have been destitute without her and for a long time she had been the only friend he had known. In a way, he hoped that the time would not spoil the link between them for that love had strength stronger than blue steel and possibly more fragile than glass. Perhaps he had developed friendship with Vittar and The Dragonlord as well, Vittar had thrown away a quiet life to join them though like any male it would take a long time before he would acknowledge that strong an emotion.
And the other sort of love, that for a woman whom had come to him as an imperious princess but steadily softer, a love that burned the brightest and hottest of anything he had ever felt
Yes, the future looked bright for him now, bright in cold and brilliant white fire that could sear the senses and dissolve resistance. White fire blossomed from the skull and wings of pure, vicious radiance obscured metal. 
He would do this for his people, for every one of them that died at the swords of Kelthan’s legion and every woman that lost her life in nothing more than an experiment for the hope of making money.
He would do this for each person in Knep’s End that mourned a son, a brother or a husband that would never return from the front lines of battles that need not be fought and had been started only in the cynical wish to expand the empire.
His lip curled as he thought of the people he had left behind, trapped in an existence under the land master and suffering when the farmlands could have offered them prosperity and a good life. There had been so many deeds, so much blood spilt for the man that should have been acting for his people and now that man would know what the people thought and how the people had suffered under his heel, he would speak and The Emperor Kelthan DaThoul would listen, if he could not listen he would merely burn.
“I love you Francis,” Jamiliah’s words coursed through Francis’s body, making a smile caress his lips while he thought of her, of her face and manner. Soon they would be together forever.
“I love you Jamiliah and we need to do this, you and I now, we need to kill the man whom would pursue us and bring this to an end.”
“I know Francis, we will do this together and free the land, I will have my vengeance. Wipe them out and burn away their land, my Knight, my love. Make them burn, make them ALL burn.” Her reply came as a soft whisper without even the breath but Francis’s heart swelled while he marshalled the power tearing at the fibres of his being.
His life had led to this point, each suffering, each ounce of blood would come back now and one primary fact burned within his mind as the power burned around him.
Kelthan DaThoul would pay and then Kelthan DaThoul would die.
Screaming.

Within the castle, the Emperor had just received the news and the cold glitter within his eyes broadcasted to those that knew him, or at least knew of his habits of killing people to salve his mood.
“How DARE you.” He snarled and for a moment he reached back to the hilt of his shoulder mounted sword, Malin thought that he would be struck down there and then for no mercy laid within the mad man’s eyes.
Connira had been young enough to have not been involved with the slaughter of Silven and so young that when she had been given the order she had questioned it, not twice though, questioning orders in Atiria would normally have led to a much shorter future within the army and without any prospect of promotion, or release.
Now the bulk of the swollen Royal guard swarmed away from Castle Rivenhelm in the largest retreat ever from one man.
Some had remained of course, some always did when offered vast amounts of money that Malin knew their chances of every spending reduced every instant they remained.
The sword remained sheathed, but the Emperor’s anger did not, his mailed fist lashed out, connecting with Malin’s throat in a blow that came as a shock to the Grand Marshall whom had never even see The Emperor raise a weapon and yet the blow had struck with such measured force that Malin choked on the floor. Another blow, this one a kick struck Malin in the midriff and a blow to the side of his face shattered a cheekbone and rendered him lingering on the edge of consciousness.
“Ten thousand marks to the man who brings me the boy’s head, fifty thousand for the staff.” The Emperor yelled, Malin sensing by the sound of his voice that he had been left.
DaThoul seemed to have realised that there are times when invocations of national pride and failed that there always remained one thread that could be clung to, when fear had shrivelled before a greater terror greed could be relied on, for a little time at least.
Over a hundred men had remained, some out of pride and the majority out of the want for fortune but even now over a thousand men and women fled. 
At least Connira and Sharrath would escape, Malin clung to that fact like a lifeline as he tried to pull his senses back to him through the pain.
“Man, the ship cleaver, prepare to swat them from the air.” The Emperor snarled, men flocking to his command as he strode among them.
Then the world seemed to explode into white light, a sound so immense that it blotted out rationality and threatened to bring the animal reaction of freezing with eyes wide. The central tower of Castle Rivenhelm, the home of the ship killer burst, exploding with such force that blocks of stone the size of a man were casually thrown out beyond the outer walls. Even some of the stones exploded into sharp fragments under the force of the white flame that struck from the horizon. Malin had served within the military of an ambitious nature for so long that he had known no other life but never had he seen a focal military placement so totally annihilated with terrible fury that the tower now rained around the men’s heads, burning with a flame so intense that it carved through flesh and each stone glowing ferally scarlet.
Silence followed the explosion, counter pointed by the screams of the dying and the wounded and the fleeing of many of even the most mercenary troops.
Malin tried to gather himself up and stand once more but gasped with agony as several of the fleeing men went right over him and trampled him without even looking down at whom they stepped on.
His senses fled him and Malin fell into a blackness that even the white fire of the staff could not reach.

Francis approached on foot and alone, he had directed the others to remain behind and follow at a distance once things had settled down though his staff enhanced awareness told him that The Dragonlord followed and he had little doubt that the dragon could look after himself.
Kathleen had once told him that revenge was a flame that burned away everything good within a person, leaving only a hollow mockery but now Francis revelled within it, that flame burning at his soul in the same way the white flames of the staff burned away the arrows fired at him. He casually directed the flame towards the crenulations that hid the archers, blasting them and the men with them into oblivion. A line of the battlements and the ledge for archers to stand on ceased to exist, exploding into white-hot fragments and blistering fire like fury.
The castle gates lay open and without serious attempt to stop him Francis strode through.
Already the tiny pains shot through his head told that each time he called on the power, each time the staff saved him or he fired it, his life weakened and yet part of him did not care, the Staff burned and he, like the moth drifted closer and closer.
Behind him The Dragonlord moved stealthily and kept out of sight, doing so had its own ease when following an oncoming wave of destruction.
“Together forever,” he whispered, only one person could hear his words now and only one person really mattered.
“Forever my knight, my love. Let us face the man that caused all this misery and wipe him out of existence.” Jamiliah’s words contained that same fire, that same burning that swept through Francis like an all-consuming tide of utter nothingness.
Hatred could salve the deepest of pains, replacing loss and horror with a focus on destroying all that threatened or merely committed the crime of being different and Kathleen might have told him that this course led to self-destruction.
A dozen men charged with their weapons drawn and their faces twisted into something less than human. 
In just a second, ashes fell to the ground where they had once stood, molten metal trickling into the cracks between the stones.
Finally, Francis strode into the throne room and met not the swarms of men he had been expecting but one man who stood, watching him and smiling a calculating little smile.
Francis came face to face with the Emperor, Kelthan DaThoul.

Chapter 23
The Emperor, for all of this time Francis had been expecting a warped and twisted brute of a man, less than human with perhaps the trappings of barbarianism and the wild-eyed look of a man who could not be called a man.
He had not expected a muscular little man that did look mad but also looked neat, perfectly shaved and with black hair that had been trimmed so short that it looked almost like a skullcap. The Emperor’s look and physique did not fit with expectations and Francis almost felt cheated.
The Emperor’s armour and throne room did look appropriate, every square inch being coated with black highlighted with silver and gold until the man seemed somehow part of the room and the room part of the man.
“Kelthan DaThoul,” the Staff focused Francis’s words and imparted power through them as an expression of his rage, the windows of the throne chamber exploded outwards in a rain of stained glass.
Kelthan DaThoul smiled, the kind of smile of someone whom had seen the best card laid on the table and held a collection of aces in reserve. His tone held a suggestion of majesty and more than a hint of mockery. “Am I supposed to know you boy?” 
The white flame of the staff flicked out, ripping past Kelthan and striking the throne, this time Francis used the staff with a little more gentility than before and instead of exploding the golden throne dissolved like ice under hot water.
Kelthan recoiled, but instead of horror, or even fear Francis saw another emotion on his face that made his heart sink while he truly hoped that the man had fallen into all-embracing madness. Kelthan DaThoul looked on in triumph.
“You know boy, and I say boy rather than you being a man I wonder if you have made some realisations.” Kelthan said softly, one lip curling upwards in a sneer.
“I know that she loves me and I know that I wield the weapon here that could obliterate you DaThoul. You have destroyed my people and I will cure them right after you die.” Francis found to his alarm that he had shouted the words, almost as if he had been uncertain.
DaThoul reached back slowly to rest his hand on the plain hilt of his sword, a hilt that looked wrong somehow when compared with the normal attitude of the Emperor to decoration.  The laugh that came from the Emperor made Francis want to extinguish him then and there. “So, she told you she loves you, and you feel as if you cannot live without her.”
“We love each other, we want to spend our lives together when we have removed you. We’re going to be married.” Francis wondered why he sounded defensive but still he did.
“And you have not wondered just why this has happened, this love that has emerged suddenly and with all consuming passion. Did you not wonder how it could displace other loves so totally and completely?” The Emperor said softly, his voice a low hiss of amusement.
“No,” Francis shouted but the quavering tone of his voice told them both that he had wondered about that and pressed the matter down to embrace his love for her.
“Of course, you do, the staff is MADE to love those that carry it, the staff bends your will until you want to be with her. It loved me, it loved Sharrath it loves everyone that carries it and they in turn love it.”
The shock rippled through Francis, ice shivering in shards down his spine at the words and the look of longing that had been in the eyes of the Undying. He had wondered how someone so cursed could still love where that curse had come from even after so much time.
Had she made him love her, had he done so much to hurt Kathleen to follow an illusion, a beautiful dream that he had chased so far. The sobering thoughts rushed through him and made his hands shake while he raised the staff forward and gathered so much of the fire that it would destroy a good portion of the throne room and probably the castle itself, anything to shut him up and silence his words.
The thoughts twisted at Francis’s gut, like a knife in the hands of some brutal assassin that wanted to hear him scream.
“Kill him,” Jamiliah’s words cut through his confusion and for a moment the energies nearly rippled out with the intention of claiming the Emperor.
The truth came like a yawning chasm, threatening to consume Francis entirely, and yet the love he had for Jamiliah seemed whole, healthy and warm. But could it be called love if one of the things that the Staff did included turning the emotions of the wielder.
Slowly and with a spreading smile Kelthan DaThoul drew his sword, the blade seemed less than a blade but instead looked as if threads of steely blue and cold silver had been welded together to make a blade that should not have been whole, that should have been brittle like the teeth of a comb and yet someone had forged these long spines into a central blade that allowed the air to be seen between each long and rippling tine.
As the blade knew the light, energies of blue and purple hissed between each of the tines, coruscating and rippling along the blade’s five foot of length like something blasphemous and alien.
Through the link with Jamiliah he sensed a wave of fear and in response, almost like a finger on a bolter trigger he let the energies go.
There should have been nothing less, the white fire obscuring the Emperor just as it had all the others that had faced him and yet when the fire cleared Kelthan DaThoul still stood there, grinning.
“I should introduce my artefact, perhaps the two of them might even get to like each other in different circumstances. This is Bladesbane, a weapon forged by the elf lady Adeline for her lover and warrior The Wolf Lord but what are names but mere fripperies. The important thing is that Bladesbane protects me from magics, it is the perfect Emperor’s defence and given contact it kills other artefacts, stripping away the soul trapped within which is precisely what I intend to do to your precious Jamiliah.”
The last words came out as a snarl and the sickening truth sliced into Francis that Kelthan DaThoul loved her too. Fury has few flames like a lover betrayed.
Kelthan’s first attack looked slow and lazy at first but that impression belied the speed and grace with which he attacked, the strange and even hellish blade ripping out aimed to sever Francis’s head from his shoulders. Bladesbane howled through the air, crackling and keening as if it wanted to taste his flesh and blood. The howl almost of a wolf wanting nothing more than to feed.
Francis knew within his heart that parrying that blade with the Staff would hurt Jamiliah, possibly even killing her outright in that brief contact and he tried to dodge back but his foot struck a block of stone and threw him off balance.
The Emperor lashed out with one foot at the side of Francis’s knee, causing the brittle cap to snap as Francis yelled out with pain.
“You stupid, stupid farm boy, you came here thinking of all things that the staff would allow you to merely wash me away as if I could not resist. You really thought that you would just destroy me.” 
The mocking laugh wounded Francis’s pride so that blistering pride hurt almost as much as the abuse his body took. 
A small skittering sound told him that The Dragonlord stood nearby and watched but he had no idea how the little dragon could help him now.
Bladesbane arced down for Francis’s chest, ripping the air, the howl like tortured air that had been unfortunate enough to be close to that blade and Francis braced himself; he could not dodge now.
The Staff or Ryak rose, deflecting the blow meant for Francis and slicing around with dexterity that Francis knew that he did not have to strike at Kelthan’s face. Even the deflection of the blow filled him with pain, Jamiliah’s scream filling his mind and the wave of her agony causing his body to convulse
One of the steel; wings bit into Kelthan’s cheek, biting through flesh and scraping bone though this time his flesh did not dissolve like others did before, he instead staggered back and raised one hand to the wound where now white bone gleamed where it had not been coated with blood.
“Francis.” Jamiliah cried, her agony slashing through Francis but that did not stop her parrying the second or the third blow from the Emperor who sliced at the boy with all rationality lost now.
The second blow brought more agony, the scream of her voice within his mind.
The third blow brought nothing, just a numbness where there once had been pain and hollowness where the woman he loved had been. The Staff snapped in twain, the end with the angel rolling away from him.
If the love she had held for him had been an illusion, a fiction wrought by magic and the process of bonding his mind with the staff then why had she done that. She had parried the blows of a weapon meant to slay her and saved him from death.
The emperor lashed out with a foot again, driving the silent staff from his arm with a solid kick and causing the artefact that Francis had so much faith in to slide against the wall.
The Emperor grinned, the awfulness of his expression pronounced by the gash in his cheek. “You know, I have been waiting for you to bring the Staff to me, to collect the pieces together and return it. I had lost most of the parts but knew that someday some young man would find her, fall in love with her and return her.”
“You killed her.” Francis hoped within his heart that his words held not a grain of truth but nothing remained where the link had been and the yawning chasm of loss threatened to make him want to feel that blade slice into him. At least then he would know pain and finally peace. Any pain would have been better, better than the utter sensation of loneliness that convulsed him now.
“Yes, I killed her, I needed to kill her but her soul will be replaced by another and the staff will once more have a directing intelligence behind it. Without that intelligence, the staff is nothing more than a remote source of magic.” There sounded a little regret in his voice but that smile, that awful lop-sided smile sprung back into being with one corner of his mouth rising but the other not being affected.
“Before I had not understood how important, how powerful that the Staff could be, with it and Bladesbane I will not need the army, I will not need a massive military machine for I will be as a god, a godhood like power you could not use.” Kelthan continued, a laugh rising unbidden as he slowly brought the sword around again, raising it for another blow.
That blow would kill Francis and he knew it, even if he raised one arm or tried to roll the blade would shred his armour and the flesh beneath. 
The Emperor did not even notice the little figure that darted over to the Staff, but Francis did.
The Dragonlord wrapped his tiny hands around the angel, focusing on it entirely for he had just seconds and he knew it.
Draxxon had been right, the ability of a Ssaved to imprint represented one of their most devastating powers. With it a dragon could absorb all the power of an enchanted item and claim it or embed skills and spells into an object, those skills and magics always being at hand when needed if the item remained in possession. Up until now the Dragonlord had not been able to imprint, being too young and some said retarded in his development. So, retarded that he had never been able to stockpile the sorcery needed to imprint when he had changed from a humanlike Ssaved to a dragon, he had instead remained tiny and so helpless before the might of any other Ssaved.
That helplessness is but one step away from being a meal in Ssaved society so he had fled, hiding from the rest of his race in the one place so remote that no other Ssaved had been interested in it. He had even created the Dragonlord persona so that the Ssaved would be intimidated, along with the humans and other races.
Now he embraced his race and embraced the staff, imprinting it to him and so gaining access to all the power that it represented.
To call the change dramatic would have been a masterstroke of understatement. The stunted and tiny Dragonlord gained access to a source of power so profound, so great that his own power swelled a hundred-fold, perhaps even more.
As the Dragonlord’s power swelled, as with all Ssaved, his size swelled too and the eighteen-inch reptile went from something that Kathleen had wanted to scratch the head off to something that she would have had to reach up to touch the ankle of.  Dragons guard hordes, not for greed, or for the value of wealth but because each and every item within their horde imparts something to them by the power of imprinting, diminish the horde, diminish the dragon.
The Dragonlord roared, breaking what little glass had been left over from Francis’s entry and his stature almost seemed to fill the grand throne room.
Francis tried to smile as the defeat snatched from the jaws of victory turned on its head and a glance up showed him the Emperor backing away from a dawning apparition of rising power in the same way that humans had looked on Ssaved for millennia since the age of the first wars. But he could not smile, not anymore for the warm place in his soul that had been fiercely lit by Jamiliah now rung cold and hollow. 
The dragon that had been the Dragonlord flexed wings that looked almost crystalline in complexity with thick scale gleaming leather between the spars and raised his head. The eyes that burned within that head knew the fury of the white flame now and even as Francis watched spines and ridges emerged in growing complexity on the dragon’s face. Wings that could have given a good breeze before now threatened to blot out the light coming in from the windows and the jets of flame that had looked cute before now roared like volcanic vents as the dragon hissed. “Get away from the boy.”
The Emperor, stunned by the transition looked back at Francis and roared, swinging the sword down in a blow that would have cloven the boy from scalp to stomach.
The blade never connected, the dragon swung one hand almost gently and caught the Emperor on the side, throwing him almost twenty feet against the wall. Bladesbane rattled as it landed a few feet away from him.
The Emperor reached for the sword, it would be the last thing he ever attempted as the Dragon’s front leg slammed down onto him, turning the madman into a sticky smear within armour stamped flat.
The Dragon stood to his full height, brushing aside the small inconvenience of the leaded roof as if it were an afterthought and turned his head, sniffing at the wind. He turned his head as Vittar, Kathleen and the others came into the room.
“Oh, by the gods.” Muttered Vittar as he took in the sight, carnage enough had been wrought but the sight of a dragon up close has a habit of getting a person’s attention.
“Francis.” Called out Kathleen’s voice and soon he felt the warmth of her laying his head on her lap. Even when he had betrayed her and been lost in the love for Jamiliah she had been a faithful friend to him. Francis knew now the luck of having someone like her within his life even if he had not appreciated it before.
“Jamiliah,” he groaned, his voice containing such loss and pain that Kathleen knew without even being told.
“I’m sorry Francis, perhaps our friend can do something to help her.” Kathleen looked up at the Dragon in mute appeal.
“I will see if I can.” The voice of the Dragon rumbled and the massive figure closed his eyes.
Life rippled from him, a green energy possessed in part by every tree, every plant and every animal, one that is only hinted at when a person stands amid the deepest of forests where man rarely touches, that energy poured from the massive figure.
Mouse gasped, colour pouring back into her cheeks and for a moment she staggered back with such unsteadiness that Vittar had to catch her. Moments later Sagacity did the same; both of them had been brought from death’s cold embrace to life again.
“Silven?” Mouse asked, still being supported along with Sagacity by Vittar whom seemed to be being very careful to support both women by agreeable places that would not buy him painful retribution.
“The people of your home are restored. The howling is gone and Silven is restored, as are you. Sagacity will take time to recover from being a slave.” Rumbled the dragon, a pair of fiery jets hissing from cave like nostrils.
 “Jamiliah?” The word wrenched from Francis, desperate in the sad hope that clung to it like the rags that once might have been fine robes on the body of some long dead mage.
“I am sorry Francis, I can do nothing for her, I have fragments but there is no life to begin with and life has not been there for centuries. I cannot rekindle a flame that has not burned for so long.” The dragon dipped his head in heartfelt apology, his eyes closing sadly.
Those words breathed on the beautiful illusion that Francis had woven with Jamiliah, chilling them to ice and freezing what had happened into something motionless and distant. Where the glimmer of hope had been, it vanished now, crushed into hopelessness. 
Francis had known loss, he had grown up seeing people go to wars never to return but nothing could shield him from the grief, the all-consuming despair that arose within him and engulfed him within black and rolling waves of remorse and regret over what might have been.
Without her the world not only seemed empty but instead each and everything within it existed now as bitter reminder of what had been torn from him. Now the colours of the day gave way to the muted greys and hollow blacks of a world without softness, kindness or her smile.
Francis wept, openly and fully, the hot tears streaming freely down his face and forming little darker pools on Kathleen’s skirt as she held him. Mouse strode over to them, kneeling and resting one hand on his arm while he languished in the meaningless of world without her.
Something within Francis broke at that point; possibly never to be whole again and always lacking, as if her death had torn vitality away and the man that remained from the weeping boy would forever be grim and he would have happily laid there for days, sobbing at the hole torn within his life, his soul.
“Francis.” Kathleen whispered softly, bringing him out of the deepest wells of anguish for moments.
“She’s gone Kathleen, I loved her.” The words sounded like minor representations, unable to do justice to what had happened.
“I know Francis, but you’re the lord now, you have the seal of office and you have to govern. There are people out there dying in unnecessary wars, bleeding in foreign fields fighting for causes without purpose. You are suffering, but you need to stop the suffering of others.
She was right, duty called and Francis bit back his tears, trying to bury the emptiness within his heart as he slowly pulled himself up. Taking up leadership of a country is rarely easy but someone had to lead and he had work to do. He slowly moved over to Bladesbane, picking it up with one hand and contemplating the blasphemous beauty of a weapon that expunged souls. 
If he laid there now he knew that in some ways he would be just as bad as Kelthan DaThoul, letting his own concerns and interests override the needs of his people. A normal man, one without responsibilities could have laid where he did and never moved again but Francis now ruled Silven and by the more competitive system of nations he ruled Atiria as well. He had stopped being a normal man the moment Kelthan had been crushed.
“Get me the leader of the troops and the servants.” He said, the voice might have been weak but there lingered the inevitable drive of command. Now he had to set aside the feelings that threatened to overwhelm him, he could not afford to immerse himself in loss, or rather other people could not afford him doing so.
He had a lot of work to do and in that work, he might be able to forget at least for a little while.

Epilogue
It was a time of peace, of growth and of trade, the wars of before had been dismissed by the new king and peace made swiftly and without mercy, Kelthan DaThoul would have been horrified by how much of the contested land Francis gave back without even pausing to think. Atiria made the transition slowly from dysfunctional dystopia to normal state, but that transition did not come without pain and without bloodshed and allied with Silven, under its new queen they thrived even though to Francis, she would always be called Mouse.
There will always be bloodshed, wherever humans attempt to form society from chaos or change for another form of chaos, bloodshed will always follow.
It would have been easy to call Francis a great king, easy and inaccurate for while he worked ceaselessly to lower taxes and improve society all the way to the grass roots, or root vegetable roots level of society, he would only ever be a good king though he did have some great advisors. He accomplished everything he set out to do at least and very few sons were sent back to their mothers in cheap coffins that leaked the crimson of their life’s blood. Evandra’s arms would remain far emptier than before, a situation that pleased all concerned.
Malin and Sharrath went together, bonded in a fresh and new love before throwing themselves on Francis’s mercy and to their astonishment they found that the mercy existed at all and the young dragon found enough to restore Sharrath’s eyes. After swearing them to the service of Atiria, they continued to work together for the good of the country for many years.
The cultural desert that had been Atiria soon flowered and critics were made by someone with the firm duty of trimming the cultural jungle that follow. They never did manage to make it into a garden though, in fact the literature and arts had an unmatched renaissance though Francis never saw much of the results for the human span can be brief even without the need for wars.
Francis would never create a great land, but he did lay the foundations and though people would bandy the words in years to come that he had been ‘the great’ what they really meant involved his changing of the ways of rulership.
The revelation that the love that had burned through him for Jamiliah had been induced, a side effect nearly destroyed Francis and for a while it looked as if he would never again know the love of a woman. He turned to his friends and in one friend he found the truth, the love he held for Kathleen that had been stretched almost to a point where it threatened to snap, but it healed and in time so did they.
They had a daughter almost a year later, a baby girl they named Jamiliah and they never knew that The Dragonlord had placed everything that remained of Jamiliah’s soul within the unborn infant, in a way they might have found it strange that her name remained the same through two lives. In time Jamiliah grew up and she might well be a great queen, almost as if she had more than one life’s experience of monarchy to call on.
Vittar returned to the forge, finding happiness and great wealth in the moulding of starlight steel for the armies of both Silven and Atiria.
Francis never achieved his intention to be a knight, but in the end, he became something greater, something so much more. Revolution can be a nasty word but Francis had fought for that which he believed in and during what happy ever after he did have, he lived for it as well.

About Robin N Greenwood
Robin Greenwood is a mild-mannered tutor by day, writer the rest of the time and lives with his wife and two bonkers but lovable Bengal cats on the Isle of Man. You can contact him at rn.greenwood@outlook.com.

Friend me on Facebook: https://en-gb.facebook.com/robin.greenwood.1293
Favourite me at Smashwords: https//www.smashwords.com/profile/view/RNGreenwood

