Stained

By
Ger Conlan

Copyright 2020 Ger Conlan
https://twitter.com/gerconln

Second Edition (updated for formatting corrections December 2020)

License Notes
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Cover and illustration by Zheng Han Lai
https://www.instagram.com/77tsutsu/
Chapter 1
I stood at the entrance to the dimly lit lane which smelled rife with days-old rotting garbage and a variety of other malodorous human and shifter by-products. Broken drug paraphernalia and used condoms littered the crumbling, wet asphalt. Navigating the filth, it wasn’t difficult to assume waste disposal collection on this side of town was iffy at best. I covered my nose with the sleeve of my leather jacket. If the place reeked this badly in winter, Goddess only knew what it was like when Bayside’s frequent heat waves kicked in.
A tin can clattered noisily across the ground startling me.
I could be flayed alive here!
Right now, my roach infested studio was looking like the Taj Mahal and I was seriously considering doing a runner back there, but I valued my limbs, so I scraped together what little gumption I had left and inched further down the shadowy path. Clutching the small cubed box a little tighter against me, I cursed his insistence that we meet here. Why couldn’t he have gone to the back of the industrial park like all the other times?
The red glowing neon sign of InkLing’s Tattoo parlour came into view. Wasting no time, I pulled the vial of green liquid from my coat pocket and downed it in one gulp.
Bleuch!
The stuff tasted of mouldy sock soup! But you get what you pay for, and I’d gotten the cheapest brand. The effect of the spell caused a wave of energy to undulate over my body, swiftly erasing my small frame and black hair to that of a tall, curvy blonde. There was quite a list of people whose bad side I was on, so modifying my appearance was a must. It wouldn’t hide my scent though. That kind of power came at a price I couldn’t afford.
After surreptitiously checking the area to ensure a potential murderer, or flayer, wasn’t lurking behind one of the dumpsters, I headed to the parlour’s back door. I’d ten minutes before the spell wore off. Give or take.
Stepping inside, I was immediately hit with the unique blend of ethanol and polished leather, a welcome relief from the alley. The compact waiting room displayed impressive wall art and professional post-tattoo photographs. Given that he had no employees, I was surprised at how clean and organized he kept the place. The symmetrical alignment of most items denoted a penchant toward OCD.
Moving toward the main room, I heard the distinct whirr of a tattoo gun, while soft rock emanated from unseen speakers. The exceptionally talented tattooist wasn’t done with his last client, which meant he wouldn’t be happy to see me. Well, tough turtles. I wasn’t hanging around here a second longer than necessary. And desperation was the only reason I was here to begin with.
“Hi there!” I called out.
“Fffuck off! We’re closed!” The cockney accent was unmistakable and, judging from the amount of f’s pronounced, so was the ire. He didn’t raise his head from the guy’s buttock that was being permanently decorated with a Japanese style Koi fish. The colour and art were breathtaking. The buttock wasn’t bad either, a nice taut mound attached to a fine muscular leg. The client’s scent was distinctly shifter, a wolf, if I was a betting woman.
Ling, the tattooist, a second generation Chinese man who left London to escape his father’s disappointment in his career choice, wore his signature white t-shirt and dark jeans. He was tattooed everywhere except his neck and face. He kept his head bald and heavily tattooed. The gun stopped whirring and I came face to face with a deep scowl.
“It’s only me, baby,” I smiled flirtatiously. “You know, as planned.”
I placed the box on the work station opposite him then nonchalantly turned to a mirror and patted the magically created illusion of blond curls. Pulling a tube of gloss from the pocket of my short leather jacket, I raised it to my lips and dabbed on a thin layer then made a girly pout that had me rolling my eyes inwardly. Girly, I was not. In fact the gloss was a sample I’d gotten a year earlier but never used. I flashed another flirty smile at Ling. “Meet you in the back?”
The handsome shifter twisted around to get a better look. His eyebrows rose and a silent exchange passed between him and Ling that said ‘lucky fucker.’ With a broad grin he gave Ling his blessing. “Hey, go for it, man. I don’t mind the interruption.”
 “Be back in two,” Ling grumbled. He looked at me then the box before speaking to his client. “And don’t fucking move.”
I picked up the box and eyed the shifter with a coy smile. If he was asked to describe me, he’d have said I was a five-foot, eight inch, size-fourteen woman, with blond hair and a killer rack. Time was ticking on the glamour spell and I planned on being out of here in a few minutes, after being handsomely paid. I followed Ling into the cramped, but expertly organized office behind the reception area.
“Show me.” Ling said gruffly, and without preamble, once we were in the confines of the office.
I placed the tin cube on the desk as we stood facing each other. “Nice digs,” I chimed looking around the place. “Pity about the location. What was wrong with your old place anyway?”
“Too many customers.”
“Poor you,” I pouted teasingly. “How could that happen? I mean all you did was open a business, right?”
“Show me what you’re flogging, for fuck’s sake.”
Pretending to feel excitement, I wiggled my fingers with glee hoping to mimic the sales pitch bullshit from those infomercials. “They’re a first and not available in any store.” I turned to him with a faux frown. “That means nobody else will have them except you.”
His hand rotated mid air in a ‘get on with it’ gesture. “Just open the fucking thing.”
Hiding my contentment at having ruffled his feathers, I lifted the lid slowly then smiled. Neat rows of ink bottles lined the metal case. The packaging was minimalist yet elegant, but the content was one hundred percent magical and all of my own making. He threw me a nonchalant look, but it failed to conceal the glimmer of interest. I kept my expression neutral and reigned in my excitement. If this paid off, I’d be able to get ahead and be in the clear for two whole months. That kind of financial breathing room would even allow me to replenish my almost non-existent stock.
“What’s so different about this lot then, eh? I’ve still got six left from the last batch. I don’t need no fuckin’ more, yeah?”
He was lying. There was only one bottle left. He kept it in a safe in the floor beneath us. “What if I told you every single one of these bottles has Hellfire in it?”
His eyebrows hit his hairline. “Hellfire? You sure?”
“Positive.”
“No fucking way! Even the coloured ink?”
“Even the coloured ink.” I closed the lid to show I could take this all away in a heartbeat. Hellfire was almost impossible to create, extremely volatile, but once harnessed, rendered a tattoo with a magical power second to none. All tattoos etched into a shifter’s skin were bespelled, but, as the ink would fade over time, the power of the spell would also weaken. A tattoo made with Hellfire was going with the bearer to their grave, just as bright and powerful as the day it was inked.
“How’d you manage to stabilize Hellfire in the coloured ones?”
“Need any help back there?” The client called out.
I was glad for the interruption. There was no way I was giving Ling a tutorial on how I made my special ink. An alchemist witch would rather die than share her secret. “Look, if you’re not interested, I understand -”
“Anyone up for a three-way?” The shifter chuckled.
“Shut the fuck up!” Ling hollered back. He was renowned for his complete lack of customer service, but nobody seemed to care. His talent was legendary, so people put up with whatever he doled out just to have him tattoo them. He was also a cheapskate and refused to work in a higher rent area. Again, people didn’t care. They’d walk over hot coals for his art. “So, how much?”
“They’re a steal at a grand a bottle.”
“Fffuck off!”
He meant it as a reaction to the sticker shock and not for me to leave, but I decided to play hardball. “No problem.” I closed the lid and turned the clasp to lock the box when he raised his palms in the universal sign of ‘hold your horses.’
“Look, Jess,” he lowered his voice to a whisper, “I’m all for buying this, but you ‘n me, we’re not even supposed to be in the same room never mind trading. If the Magistrar’s office, Cato or Zeke found out, we’d be fucked, royally. Know what I mean, yeah?”
I didn’t need reminding of the risks involved in coming down here. The Magistrar’s office was our local law enforcement, a heavily flawed governing body if you asked me. So, yeah, I knew exactly what I was doing, and I knew exactly why I had to swallow a modifier potion and sell my own ink on the sly like some damn drug pusher: survival.
Hiding my ire, I spoke in a sharper tone. “Final chance, Ling. You want to deal or not?”
“Sure, but I’ll give you five hundred a bottle, no more.”
“Fuck off.” This time it was meant as a dismissal.
He glanced toward the door. “What the hell do you expect? You know what everyone thinks of your ink.”
“Yeah, well everyone can bite me.” Every day I was paying what I supposedly ‘owed’ to society and that was not an easy pill to swallow given how things used to be.
“Look, all’s I’m saying is, you can’t come in here and expect to get top dollar for your wares when your last client ended up six feet under!” He glanced toward the door again and lowered his voice even more. “Right now, I not only have to hide the fact that I’m buying your ink, I have to re-label it, all of it, because you’re as popular as a fucking bubonic plague victim.”
“Doesn’t stop you charging triple the price when you use my ink.”
He had the decency to look mollified. “Jess, hand to my heart, I will be the first to pay you more than a grand a bottle when I don’t have to hide who supplied my ink. I mean you’re a genius when it comes to making this stuff, but you’re also a pariah in the community, so I’m sorry, five hundred is all I can offer.”
“Seven a bottle or I’m walking.”
He hesitated a long moment before sighing loudly. “Done, but don’t say I never helped you out.”
“I’ll remember this, Ling,” I replied sarcastically, “hand to heart.” 
From the exterior, Snake Bite tavern looked as inviting as a per-hour-motel. The brickwork was crumbling in many places making me wonder how all the cracked fenestration managed to stay in place. The roof had lost many a shingle and the sidewalk had disintegrated to an almost granular level. Maybe back in its hey-day, the place had some appeal, but maintenance and general upkeep seemed so low on the priority list, as to be non-existent. The corner style entrance was guarded by a massive, burly and, admittedly, intimidating bouncer who seemed to have Troll ancestry lodged somewhere in his DNA.
“Look at you all dolled up,” I cooed. The man looked and smelled like he emerged from one of Ling’s dumpsters. In truth, he had cleaned up because I wasn’t puking on the sidewalk. His natural odour was similar to necrotic tissue. He gave me a once over before grunting to indicate I was allowed inside.
After a two mile walk from InkLing’s Tattoo parlour, I couldn’t help but welcome the bars’ warmth. It wasn’t generated by any kind of central heating, but by the hot-blooded, over-sized shifters crowded around the many bar tables and stools. Mounds of greasy food were being served tonight and my belly rumbled with hunger.
When free-falling toward the poverty line, the first things to go by the wayside were non-essentials, like a car, a bicycle and regular meals.
Mixed in with the hot grease was the odour of beer; strong smoke deriving from several illegal herbs and the distinct scent of two Alpha shifters permeated the expansive room.
“Wanna a Zolta?” A Goth-like Nymph whispered as she floated by. She looked like she’d taken a wrong turn on her way to Thunder Road. I could only presume the Nymph Council ex-communicated her from the Ether for testing too much of the product she was pushing.
“I’ll pass, thanks.”
“Your loss.” Her lifeless regard confirmed my suspicions as she moved on to another prospect.
 The tavern was located in an area known as Fern View Square. But don’t let the name fool you, there wasn’t a fern in sight and the only real view you’d get was of shady deals going down amongst chalked body outlines on the black top. Fixed between two shifter communities, known as The Yards and Bordertown, it was the seedy Switzerland of the Otherworld community – a sort of no man’s land where residents of both communities could come together for whatever deal or exchange needed to be made. Everything was for sale in Fern View, from Fairy bile to empath emotions. There was also a whole spectrum of entertainment offered to those whose tastes ran the gamut of freaky to from-Hell. On most days Fern View’s morgue was back-logged. The murder count was high, but not arrests. If the Magistrar’s office didn’t get involved, the magical community resolved things in an eye-for-an-eye kind of way.
Yeah, eye gouging was common.
I got several disgusted glares as I squeezed my way through the crowd. Ling was right, I was a pariah in the community, and the only reason I wasn’t six feet under for causing Bossman’s untimely demise was, someone put out word on the street I was not to be executed. Not sure who called that shot, but I’d learned about it while getting my arm broken in this very establishment six months earlier. After hearing the bones in my arm snap, I was told I was lucky I couldn’t be murdered because there were many itching to lay claim to my death. Given the shit storm I was living, I couldn’t say I considered myself ‘lucky.’
At the back of the room a worn, wooden bar stretched from wall to wall. Its sole server was the brother of the bouncer guarding the door. Despite the menacing scowl staring me down, I preferred him to Vivian, Snake Bite’s owner. She was a viper I did not want to cross.
“Pay,” he grunted while slapping an unwashed meaty palm face up on the counter. His lips were covered by such a copious amount of facial hair, I couldn’t tell if his lips had actually moved or not. He was Vivian’s bitch and had no problem inflicting all sorts of pain on someone, at her behest.
“Paws, you could be a ventriloquist,” I smiled. “I’d sign you up with the next circus to roll on through here. You’d be a hit for sure.”
His jaw clenched. “I told you before, it’s Paz not Paws.”
I giggled inwardly knowing I was riling him up and not caring anyway. A broke, almost-destitute girl had to get her laughs where she could. “Got it, Paws.” He growled unhappily as I smiled even wider. “Now, I’ll have two saggy patties please and a Blue Skyz on ice.” I held up a finger. “Hang on, make that a double. I’ve had a hard day.”
“Pay.”
“You’re quite the orator,” I winked. “How do you do it?”
“Pay.” He ground his teeth so hard I wouldn’t have been surprised if he spat them out as dust. Clearly, my charm wasn’t hitting the mark.
“If you insist.” Reaching inside my blouse, I extracted three quarters of Ling’s money from my left bra cup. The troll’s right eye-brow rose up high and stayed there as I slid money I desperately needed across the dirty counter. He nodded then wiped the wad under his nose and grinned with a heated gaze before stuffing the bundle into a pouch hanging beneath his rotund belly. “What? Not going to count it?”
“Four hundred more than last month.” I didn’t know how he knew that without actually counting it, but didn’t pursue it. “He’ll get it tonight.”
“You do that, Paws. From me to Cato, with love,” I chirped sarcastically with a fake smile. “Goddess knows he needs to add it to his billions.”
“Best you not let him hear you,” the Troll warned.
Bordertown was run by the crime lord, Cato. He was the newly appointed ‘Lord’ because he was replacing Bossman, who was purportedly murdered while being tattooed. I was not only in the room at the time of his death, I supplied the ink. Cato certainly didn’t need the contents of my bra cup; he drew astronomical profits from extortion, drug distribution, human-trafficking and magical weapons dealing.
I slapped a bill on the counter. “I guess I’ll have that drink, now.”
He quickly poured the seventy percent proof potion and, with a surprisingly delicate flourish, placed it in front of me with a dirty coaster underneath. The patties arrived seconds later. The two combined made up the size of a small dumpling, but the contents created a feeling of being full. I downed my first meal of the day in less than three seconds flat. The magic worked instantly, carrying away the pangs of hunger. Wrapping my fingers around the Blue Skyz potion, I knocked it back and tried not to shudder as the powerful ingredients rendered the punch I’d paid for. With a flirty wave and a solid buzz zinging through me, I gave a two finger salute to Paws then headed out into the frigid night air and on to my next stop. 
The blizzard that started an hour into my trek made me want to turn back and head home, but it wasn’t like I could defer payment until another time. A deadline was literal in the Supernatural community. My toes were positively frozen when I reached Jimmy’s Bar in The Yards. The walk from Snake Bite had been a long one fraught with a few unpleasant encounters, one of which involved spittle being hurled at me. As the woman who, allegedly, took down a notorious and vicious crime lord, you’d think there’d be some measure of gratitude.
The bouncer guarding the entrance to Jimmy’s was just as big, but far more affable than his counter-part at Snake Bite and even opened the door as I passed inside. “Thanks Mel.”
“Jess,” he nodded with a flirty smile.
The Yards was a vibrant, commercially thriving community run by a man known as Zeke. Hailed as a shepherd to his flock, the imposing male - whose species had never been identified – was fiercely protective of his people. But to live in The Yards you had to pass some insane challenges and then swear fealty to him through magical branding, no less. Nobody got to stay in The Yards without wearing His Zekenesses crest.
After a short trek through the throng, I shook the snow off my coat and scarf and hung them on the back of the stool at the bustling bar. Jimmy, a mocha-skinned male Jinn with fabulously coiffed black hair, who wore nothing but elaborate maxi cocktail dresses and expertly applied make up and fake boobs, coolly placed a double shot of Blue Skyz in front of me. Tonight her dress was the colour of fire opal, covered in thousands of sequins that imitated flames hugging her voluptuous form.
“Damn, you’re on fire tonight, Jimmy.”
“And you, Peaches, is like ice. Now drink on up and thaw out.”
I raised the glass in the air before downing the contents in one oesophagus-burning gulp.
 “Mmmhhmm,” she mused then put the empty glass under the counter. “Now let’s get the nasty-nasty outta the way so we can chat.”
From my initial visit, where I’d handed over the first of many payments, Jimmy had been warm, fun and a friend. She’d always provided food and drink and made time to chat. Despite the tough situation I found myself in, I looked forward to this time with the drag queen Jinn.
“Sure,” I pulled the remaining money from my right bra cup and slid it across the counter. Jimmy’s nose turned up in disgust and an expertly manicured hand with bright purple, four inch acrylic nails pinched the air in front of my face.
“You expect me to handle your sweaty titty money?”
Jimmy was a diva to the core. “Well, yeah. It’s the only way I could keep it safe.”
“Safe, but not san-it-arrry.”
“Stop being so fussy and take it,” I teased. “Paws at Snake Bite smelled it and got all horny.”
When Jimmy laughed, her eyes closed, her fake eye-lashes caressed her blush-covered cheek bones and her hand pressed against her fake bosom. She may have been a six foot man, but she was more feminine than most women. “Oh, I bets he did ‘cause he hasn’t seen a titty since his mama stopped feedin’ him.”
Chuckling at her witty remark, I extracted a fairly fresh Kleenex from my pocket and wrapped it around the wad. “There, that better?”
“Not really.” Jimmy stared from beneath dark lashes, bounced the bundle up and down in her palm then frowned at me. “You’s short, Squirt.”
“Hey, I was born that way.”
Her hand fisted a narrow hip. “You’s short on the money, honey.” She shook her head despondently then fixed me another Blue Skyz - a single this time. “That there’s a problem and you know it.”
I nodded my thanks then knocked back the drink. After another sizeable shudder, I placed the glass on the counter and said, “check’s in the mail.”
She leaned in closer lowering her voice. “He’s gonna catch on that you’re not making full payments.”
“Well, He can file a complaint with my bank manager.”
“You don’t got no bank, much less a manager,” Jimmy replied with a sassy frown.
She wasn’t wrong. There were a lot of things I didn’t have any more, but I hid the anxiety and sheer terror at what I’d lost and my extremely bleak future. “Hey, C’est la vie!” A wave of dizziness had me swaying on my seat for a brief moment and I realized that having a couple of powerful drinks on an almost empty stomach was a bad idea.
Jimmy gave me one of her penetrating stares. “You don’t look so good, Peaches. Have you even eaten today?”
“I’m fine. Just can’t handle my liquor like I used to. Think I’d better head on home.”
“You don’t have to. Stay here and I’ll fix you up my six-spiced Settlers Pie.”
“Thanks, but I’d better head out.” I got off the stool not looking forward to the long walk back to my frigid apartment. Heating was a luxury I could no longer afford. Rent was another, but I’d been dodging the landlord for a few weeks now. I’d been hoping to pay what I owed in back rent, but with Ling paying me less than I’d expected, I’d have to try and get caught up next week, hopefully.
“I’ll see you soon. I’ll have the right amount next time.” I could hear the lie in those words as sure as Jimmy did.
“Jess?” Jimmy caught my hand. “You’re young, this will pass. I promise you. I mean look at all you accomplished before this shit hit the fan. It’s a blip on life’s radar is all. You’re gonna get that twenty-three-year-old and, might I say, fine ass of yours, up on out of this particular gutter in time. Ya just gotta stay strong. Ya hear?”
Pity was not something I could bear to see directed toward me. But this wasn’t even pity, it was kindness which, in my state, was a form of emotional Kryptonite that had the power to blast through my walls and expose the fearful, quaking woman inside. I wouldn’t break down and cry. Not here. Not on Zeke’s turf. “I’m plenty strong, Jimmy.” My voice cracked but I coughed it away.
 “That you are, Sugar. That you are. But you need to accept a little help. They ain’t nothing wrong with that.” Jimmy’s eyes held mine and suddenly all her concern hit me like a ton of bricks. Jinns, like her, could not only transfer their feelings, but they could also show you how you were perceived by others.
“No! I don’t want to see -.”
Suddenly I felt cut off from everything around me. There were no sounds of the other patrons, only complete silence and then I was looking at myself through Jimmy’s eyes. Dark circles contoured my eyes, a product of too little sleep brought on by stress - the coronary-inducing kind. My naturally pale skin was a pasty shade of cream, my black bob was dank and my clothes hung a little too loosely on my small frame. The glamour spell I’d used at Ling’s parlour had lasted long enough to allow me to leave the dirty alley, but it zapped me of what little energy I’d had. Starvation and spell casting weren’t a good combo, but tonight it had been necessary in order to not lose my only customer.
Jimmy hit me with a dose of honesty that I wasn’t prepared to handle. “You ain’t eatin’ or sleepin’ and you look like shit. Now, I know you don’t believe me but, Zeke will help you if you talk to him.”
“Zeke and Cato are the greedy billionaires I’m paying restitution to. So no, I’m not going to ask them to have a heart because they wouldn’t know what a heart is.” With a wave of anger, I pushed Jimmy out of my head, stopping her from probing further. Her hand slipped away from mine and suddenly the noise of the bar came rushing back with a vengeance. “You had no right to do that, Jimmy! No right!”
“I’m only trying to help.”
“Well don’t bother!!!!”I stormed out of the bar anger bubbling within me like hot lava. At least the energy surge would keep me warm on the journey home. 
Frozen, fatigued and fed-up, I got back to find an eviction notice stapled on the door of my apartment. I’d known it was a possibility, but I was still shocked to see it. This was the final nail in the coffin of my ability to get by. In all fairness, I couldn’t really fault the landlord. He’d let several months go by where he got little to no payment. But every time I had money set aside for him, something or someone had to be paid and rent was put at the bottom of the priority list.
Entering the tawdry, furnished studio, I quickly undressed, turned on the bathroom light and watched the roaches scatter away like vampires. In the shower, I let the steaming water heat my cold body, laid my head against the cracked tiles and allowed the tears to fall. I was smothered in debt I couldn’t repay, nobody would hire me and I’d lost the roof over my head. The curve balls kept coming from all directions and, although I’d given it my all, in the end it counted for nothing.
Towelling off, I dressed in leggings and a t-shirt and grabbed the small baseball bat before getting into bed. I’d had two break-ins since I’d moved in and had to be ready for a fight. As my head hit the pillow, the aging hooker next door began vocalizing passionate moans as she serviced one of her many johns. The noise was more akin to caterwauling. Blocking out the rhythmic banging against my wall, I lay there trying to formulate scripts to pitch the landlord tomorrow in the hope he’d be willing to throw me a lifeline. A fight broke out on the street, but I’d learned the hard way not to interfere. The neighbour below me began his nocturnal rants with himself. That wouldn’t be a problem except his deep voice carried so well, he might as well have been sitting in my room. The human cacophony became too much for my addled brain to bear, so I reached for the bag of powdered ink I kept under my pillow, wet my finger and dipped it into the black dust. With the last wisp of magic my exhausted and hungry body could summon, I created a soundproof cocoon around the bed. Sleep claimed me in seconds. 
When the knock came to the door at two p.m. the next day, I gave a last look around the place I’d called home for the past six months. My previous apartment was one of the first things to go after the Magistrar declared the astronomical fine I’d have to pay for my involvement in Bossman’s death. My current little cockroach-infested nook had seemed like a total dive at first, but considering my next home was probably under the Bayside Bridge, it was palatial. The knock sounded again and I hoisted the large back-pack on my shoulder and grabbed the worn tote off the bed.
“Yep, I’m ready. I’m leaving now,” I choked back a sob as I opened the door. My eyes travelled up to two imposing men whose smiling faces seemed vaguely familiar.
“Hi Jess,” the taller, broader and blonder of the two spoke, as if he already knew me. His blue eyes and goofy grin lent him a boyish charm, but I sensed an underlying lethalness. “I’m Shay and this is Jonah.”
Jonah had brown, puppy dog eyes and a mop of black curls framing soft features. But, like his companion, I felt he could end my life in a heartbeat, if that was his intention. They weren’t shifters or Vamps. Maybe they were sorcerers? Those snakes could get a toad to pass as a troll without raising any suspicion.
“Did Mr. Gonzales send you?” I’d gone to see the old man first thing this morning and explained I needed only two weeks to pay him in full. He was polite, kind even, but firm. He needed tenants who could pay up on time. He must’ve seen the desperation in my eyes because he handed me the address of a women’s shelter and told me to ask for Lea. Given the civility of our exchange, I was surprised he’d hired muscle to escort me out.
“Who’s Mr. Gonzales?” Shay asked with a frown.
“The landlord. You don’t know him?”
Jonah casually leaned a hand against the door frame. “Nope. Never heard of the guy.”
A tingle of fear swept along my spine. So why were they here? To rob me? Trash my place? They didn’t look like thugs. Their clothes were casual, just jeans, T’s and leather jackets. Nothing fancy, but nothing shabby either. Thoughts ran to my baseball bat tucked into my tote. Retrieving it couldn’t be done discreetly and doing so in plain view might set them off. “What do you want?”
Shay’s nostrils flared slightly. “No need to be afraid. We’re here to take you to Zeke.” He said it happily, like we were all going to trek off to a theme park for the day.
“You’re not here for the ev-.” I shook my head to get my thoughts straight. “Hang on…you said Zeke?”
“The one and only,” Jonah nodded.
“As in The Yards, Zeke?” My disbelief and distrust quickly registered in their expressions.
“That’s right,” Shay frowned when I scoffed. “Why else would we be here?”
“Don’t know, don’t care,” I said, closing the door.
“Hold up, Jess!” Jonah’s heavy boot connected with the flimsy plywood door sending it wide open. “I swear we’re telling the truth.” Both of them instantly turned out their inner wrist to show The Yards’ fealty crest tattooed on their skin. They were the real deal. “Zeke wants to talk.”
“What are you guys? Bodyguards? Peace-keepers?”
Shay spoke first. “We’re just Zeke’s men.”
Now I remembered why their faces were familiar. They were sat in the Magistrar’s court the day sentencing was being doled out for Bossman’s death. “So, just Zeke’s men, you do this regularly? Bring people to impromptu meetings?”
“Uhm…sometimes,” Jonah interjected with a smile. “But this here is totally not a ‘you’re under arrest’ thing,”
“Yeah,” Shay nodded. “More like a ‘hey, let’s sit down and chat’ kind of thing.”
I belted out a sarcastic laugh. “Oh like BFF’s?”
Both men looked uncomfortable. “What’s a BFF?”
My eyes narrowed suspiciously. “Is this about the money?”
Shay shrugged. “He didn’t say.”
“Really? I find that hard to believe.”
“He’s right,” Jonah defended his partner. “Zeke said, and I quote,” Jonah cleared his throat then lowered his chin before speaking in a deep voice, “I’d like to have a talk with Miss Darrows. Please bring her by the office at two thirty.”
“That was good, man.” Shay high fived Jonah then fist bumped.
“He’s not able to pick up the phone like everyone else?”
They exchanged a look and some unspoken agreement passed between them. Jonah nodded then said, “I believe he tried to call you a few times, but you never responded.”
My phone, along with a small storage space, were the only things I’d paid up for three years in advance right when things were hitting the fan. I’d told myself they were necessary expenses, but so far the phone turned out to be a waste of money. After many abusive calls, I began screening numbers until the only call I’d take was from Ling. “He never left a message.”
“Doesn’t matter,” Shay shrugged. “You can discuss things with him in person.”
Oh yeah, this was definitely because I’d short changed him on the payments and I wasn’t foolish enough to just waltz into whatever punishment he’d lined up for that offense. “Sorry, but I’m kind of busy here. Maybe another time.” I went to move past the duo but they didn’t budge.
Jonah folded his arms. “What’s with the bags?”
There’s a thing called pride and right now I had too much of it to admit to being homeless. Goddess! Just even saying the word made my heart pinch and blood drain to my toes. “I’m off to the Laundromat. The machine in the basement is broken.”
“Hey, Jonah’s great with that kind of thing. I’ll bet he can fix it up in no time once we get back.”
 “Thanks, but I already have a place to get this done.”
Shay winced apologetically. “See, Jess, we have to bring you to the meeting. It’s really important you’re there. But we just don’t want you to feel like you’re being arrested.”
“Yeah,” Jonah added. “We’d really prefer to escort you in style, you know – more nice, less nab.”
Their looks were almost pleading, and I knew they’d bundle me in the car anyway if I refused. So, I agreed to go along.
The Yards was a cheery village-like area on Bayside’s extensive wharf’s end. Despite it being a busy industrial port, many shops, restaurants and other services catered to the entire Otherworld community, the majority of whom called the place, home. At the far end of the wharf, some very attractive real estate with ocean views made the hub a prime spot for the uber wealthy to live.
The ride from my apartment had been smooth and the guys, sitting up front, were chatty and cheery, but I’d remained silent. I was extremely nervous to meet Zeke. You weren’t brought in to meet the top dog without good reason. And there was no doubt in my mind this was about the money I owed. But why meet me in person? He could’ve had his men do the job.
We pulled up outside Jimmy’s bar, the last place I’d expected to be brought. Didn’t Zeke have a penthouse office in one of those steel and glass luxury buildings?
On second thoughts, maybe it was better to meet him in familiar surroundings.
After they extracted my bags from the trunk, we approached Mel, the bouncer from last night. He leaned against the wall next to the entrance and greeted everyone in a laid back manner. Shay and Jonah gave him that man-hug guys give each other and clapped his back while they simply said, “Mel.”
Once inside, I was surprised to see the place was just as busy as it had been the night before. Jimmy manned the bar looking as elegant as ever. Her green emerald dress was adorned with sparkling crystals on either side of a plunging neckline. Long silky eye-lashes complimented her smoky-eye make-up, giving her a Cleopatraesque allure. If she felt miffed by my brusque departure last night, it didn’t show in the warm smile she gave as we approached the counter.
“Hallelujazz, if ain’t my prodigal daughter!” She laughed and patted my hand.
“Sorry about yesterday. I didn’t mean to be rude.”
“Ain’t nothin’ to be sorry ‘bout, Peaches. I had no business being up in your business. You is doing your best in a tough situation. So, we all right?” When I nodded she gestured to my bags. “Leave them here with me. I’ll make sure you get them later.”
Just then Shay’s phone pinged and he motioned us to follow him. “Zeke’ll see you now.”
Anxiety over what was about to happen had my bladder screaming ‘emergency evacuation.’ “Ahhm..do you mind if I use the washroom first?”
Shay pointed me in the direction of the nearest lavatory and I took off down a stretch of corridor that had many nooks and crannies. While passing one, I heard pleasurable moans coming from one of the cubbies. As I slipped by, I caught sight of Meat, the tattooist who had been with me the night of Bossman’s death. The toned and bearded, red-headed man didn’t have an iota of skin that wasn’t tattooed and his addiction to ink meant there was always some part of him that was in the healing process, hence the nickname, Meat. His tongue was licking copious amounts of blood from a vampire’s neck while fondling her bare breasts.
“See enough, bitch!” He spat then turned back to continue suckling the blood.
I dashed away thinking he was going to be as high as a kite for days.
After locating the bathroom, I did my business then quickly headed back to face whatever fresh Hell awaited.
Chapter 2
Flanked by Shay and Jonah, we headed upstairs to a mezzanine located behind the bar and entered an office reception area. It was immediately obvious that this wasn’t where Zeke met with the high-rollers of the Shifter world. No, this little cosy niche was kept for discussions with low-level staff and subordinates. But there was still an ivory tower feel about the place, as if his power extended like his dominion, a lofty perch to view those who served him. I hadn’t laid eyes on him yet and I already couldn’t stand him.
A young, attractive woman with big brown eyes, plump, glossy lips and rainbow hair that fell like rivers on her designer jacket greeted us without preamble. “Good afternoon Miss Darrows. I’ll let Zeke know you’ve arrived. You can all have a seat.”
 “For fuck’s sake,” Jonah grumbled. “We’re not taking any seats. He knows we’re here.”
“You can’t go in,” she protested.
“Chill, Wendy,” Shay advised suavely then sauntered over to a closed door. “Come on, Jess.”
Wendy threw us a defiant glare then went back to her work, her lips pursed tightly. “Thanks anyway, Wendy,” I offered and followed them inside.
Entering the room was like walking into a vacuum of sorts. The lights were dimmed, the atmosphere relaxed. It smelled of crisp cologne, laundered clothes and something I could not identify, but knew was distinctly male. A sizeable desk that looked like it was brought in as a tree and carved on the spot was positioned opposite two high arched windows. A single filing cabinet, two upright armchairs, a love seat and a hammock made up the remainder of furnishings. There was no sign of Zeke.
On the wall opposite the desk, a massive computer screen displayed many images, similar to a central hub of CCTV cameras, one of which was the bar. From here, and despite being on another floor, I could not only hear everything, but I could smell the magic, taste the emotions and feel the energy of what was happening below us. It would take quite the witch to emulate a spell to include all senses. Curiosity got the better of me and I sidled over, taking in all the frames. Tabs at the bottom identified what the viewer was seeing, but there was no monitoring system manned by trained agents ready to alert the authorities of any alarm; this was generated on high-level magic alone. Zeke’s magic?
Just then I caught sight of Jimmy chatting to a very attractive man. They were laughing and having a drink. Jimmy flirted openly and I heard everything they were saying. At the bottom left of the screen was a symbol with options to view other areas of The Yards.
“Impressive, right?” Shay said proudly as he handed me a coffee. “That’s some next level magic.”
“Mmmhhmm,” I responded neutrally, but my gut clenched in fear. Could Zeke have seen me in here last night? Had he heard everything I said? I quickly dismissed the idea. It wasn’t like he could sit about 24/7 watching the place non-stop. Still, a very tight and very uncomfortable knot twisted in my stomach. Perspiration formed along my spine and a bubble of fear floated to my throat. “Looks kind of stalkerish, don’t you think?” I blabbed without filtering.
“It’s how we keep our community safe,” Jonah admonished gently.
“Safe?”I emitted with a nervous chuckle. “Spied on seems more accurate.” I felt Jonah’s disapproving regard and tightly cradled the warm mug in my hands. “I’m Sorry. I really don’t mean to be rude,” I offered with a badly concealed snicker, which aptly erased the authenticity of my apology. What was with the giggling? It wasn’t like I was happy – far from it. My eyes roved the screen once more while my brain chanted ‘don’t speak.’ My mouth didn’t get the message. “So how come I’m allowed to see all of this when I’m not branded like one of you sheep?” The squeaky, silly laugh that followed was not one of my finest moments.
“Miss Darrows.” A deep male voice resonated through my body like some sort of gong had been wrung.
I turned and came face to face with a handsome man, whose photos I’d seen on the Magical Nightly News and other media events. None of them did him justice. He was at least six foot five and built of solid muscle without appearing to have swallowed steroids like candies. The dazzling white shirt brought out the varied shades of his straight blond hair which was shaved close to his head on each side, but tightly braided on top. A thick layer of tawny stubble covered his mouth and chin. His deep red lips, although full, were currently pressed together in a thin line, and his leaf-green eyes evaluated me with a quick sweep.
And that’s when I felt it. Somewhere on his body there was ink – a lot of it – an ancient composition of elements I was unable to decipher. I’d never felt a pull to ink under someone’s skin before. Curious, I allowed my ability to reach out and try to link with whatever tattoo he had, but got a stinging sensation, as if an elastic band snapped between us. His shoulders seemed to have moved as if a shiver passed through him. His brow furrowed and his square jaw clenched momentarily, giving me the impression my presence alone had soiled the atmosphere in the place.
Yep, he wasn’t happy. Well, I had just insulted him and his entire organization. Or could it be that he felt me trying to read his tattoo? No, that was impossible.
“Once you leave here, you won’t remember ever having been in this room. And, my so-called sheep have a home, a livelihood, and most importantly, my protection. I believe you currently have none of those things.”
He wasn’t wrong. Everything I owned was behind the bar with Jimmy. But how did he know about the eviction? My studio wasn’t even on his turf. He didn’t have to rub my predicament in my face. Then again, I’d heard he was very protective of his people, to the point he was nicknamed The Shepherd, but nobody dared call him that to his face.
Given his lowly appraisal of me, I was feeling like a piece of gum stuck to the bottom of his two thousand dollar shoes.
“Make yourself comfortable, Miss Darrows.”
I didn’t budge, I couldn’t. Fear had me frozen to the spot. Given the negative vibes, all I could think about was, are these going to be the last minutes of my life?
“Please,” he insisted gesturing to one of the armchairs in front of his desk. “I won’t bite.” If I didn’t know any better, I’d have sworn a slight smile tugged the corner of his lip.
I pictured myself having the guts to tell him to get on with the meeting. I’d even have spun my index finger around to indicate time was being wasted – a move stolen from Ling. But I had no such courage and slinked onto the edge of the chair.
He nodded to Shay and Jonah. “Guys? Refreshments for Miss Darrows, please.”
“Sure thing, boss,” Shay replied and headed to the reception area.
I would have ceded my baseball bat for some food. My last meal had been the pasties at Snake Bite, but given how lowly I felt here, I pushed down the hunger pangs and made like I was talking on a full belly. “No, thank you. I’m not hungry.”
“Any food in particular?” Jonah enquired from the doorway, as if I hadn’t spoken.
“The usual,” Zeke responded.
While they left to do Zeke’s bidding, the man in question perused a document in his hand, as if I didn’t exist. I didn’t think it was possible to feel any smaller than I did right then. Wanting to get this over and done with, I cleared my throat. “Can you tell me why I’ve been brought here?”
He momentarily peered at me over his page. That strange pull to unravel the subcomponents of his ink tugged at me once more. Just as he placed his document on the desk, a pronounced shiver passed through him and accusatory green eyes shot my way. I glanced over my shoulder wondering if someone had just entered the room, but saw nobody.
“It says here you’re an Alchemist witch.”
There was a tone of disbelief in his statement, which had me puzzled. Why would he think I could be anything else? “Uhm..yeah..t-that’s correct.” Goddess, he was making me so uneasy.
His brow rose, as if he doubted my answer. I quickly skimmed the logo on the paper he’d referred to. It was from the Otherworld Registry. He’d obtained a copy of my data. Every supernatural had to have their type, abilities and strengths recorded with the Magistrar’s office. It wasn’t private information, but it usually required a legal process to have someone acquire it. Which begged the question, why wasn’t I aware he had requested this?
“Your specialty is ink,” he went on, no longer reading from the page, “discovered at five years of age.”
Where was he going with this? Was it a test of some sort? I figured the only thing I could do was confirm what was in my file. “That’s right.”
“That’s wrong.” His tone wasn’t abrupt, but it was cold. Clearly there was a problem with something somewhere.
I placed the coffee cup on the desk then folded my hands in my lap. “I’m not sure I understand. You think there’s an error with the information in my file?”
“Not exactly,” he replied, his jaw shifting slightly as his eyes flitted across my mouth.
My brows furrowed. “I’m confused. May I see?” Instinctively, I reached out just as his hand moved to pass it to me at the exact same moment. Skin touched skin and another shudder passed through him, but this one was much more pronounced. From the look he threw my way, he was none too pleased.
“What are you?” he growled. “How did you that to me?”
“Do what?”
“Don’t toy with me.”
“I’m not!” I balked. “Why, what’s happening to you?”
“You don’t know?”
“I don’t! I swear.” His gaze was piercing. Troubled, I eyed the floor and wondered how I had annoyed him.
 Shay and Jonah returned at that moment and Zeke spoke lowly, “We’ll discuss this later.”
Jonah passed me another coffee. This one looked like it was made by the Goddess herself. I just couldn’t refuse the frothy milk and ground beans.
Zeke sat back evaluating me for a long moment and noticed my trembling hands. He leaned forward with an unreadable expression. “Do not fear me.”
Oh yeah, sure, no problem.
I wondered if he lulled all his victims into a false sense of security before he killed them. I’d better speak up now and try to negotiate a way out of this. “Look, I’m sure you called me here about your money. I’m sorry, I’ve been a bit short recently, but I’ll pay you back as quickly as possible. I promise.”
“My money?” he frowned. “Miss Darrows, if this is about the ruling on Bossman, you should know, I did not agree with the Magistrar’s decision.”
Heat flamed my cheeks, but I spoke with as steady a voice as I could manage. “Yet, you take the payments I make.” The fire of injustice burned in my gut and I looked away so he wouldn’t see how close I was to losing it.
“The payments you make?” His brows furrowed deeper. “I’m afraid, I don’t understand.”
I cleared my throat and spoke evenly. “Both you and Cato reported a significant loss, so on the first of every month I’m mandated to shell out for your respective damages.”
“I did not request compensation. The Magistrar ruled on the amount without any input from me.”
“It doesn’t matter. You reported a loss, although I have to say, I never really understood what it was. Cato’s boss has been laid to rest, and Meat appears… fine.” And sucking on Prime- A vampire blood in cubby holes.
“I’m afraid you’re mistaken, Miss Darrows,” he insisted.
“Believe me, there is no mistake.” I’d just been evicted from the cockroach commorancy, and there was a litany of things I’d lost since Bossman’s death, but I didn’t trust myself to speak about any of that for fear I’d burst out crying. I nodded to the wall of images, “Ask Jimmy, she’s the designated receiver.”
 His gaze held mine for far longer than was comfortable. “Just a moment, please.” He pressed a button on the phone and the receptionist picked up. “Wendy, please bring the file on Francesco ‘Bossman’ Mattia.
“That guy was a bad egg,” Shay said to nobody in particular.
Jonah nodded in agreement. “No loss there, that’s for sure.”
Wendy sashayed in, moved close to Zeke and brushed his arm as she handed him a beige folder. I sensed her desperation for his attention, but he only gave a muted thanks as he perused the documents. She remained close until he noticed she was still there and politely asked her to close the door on her way out and hold his calls. She threw me a condescending look when her back was turned to the others. I sat there baffled as to what I did to earn that.
Zeke looked up from the file. “I have written confirmation here from the Magistrar’s clerk that your insurance company compensated you fully for the amount fined and that, as per your request, you would make monthly payments to both parties involved.”
“That isn’t right. There’s an error somewhere.”
“Why do you say that?”
I pulled my phone from my jacket pocket and scrolled through my emails from eight months earlier – it didn’t take long as most people stopped contacting me after the ruling. I located the correspondence from my insurance company and passed the phone to Zeke. “Because they disqualified my claim and refused to pay.”
His head tilted slightly in confusion. “You’re telling me you received nothing? And you’ve been trying to repay this on your own?”
There was a hint of concern in his tone. A tight knot formed in my throat and I felt water building behind my eyes. There was no way in hell I’d be crying here. “Trying,” is all I managed to croak.
He rubbed a hand over his stubbled chin then picked up his cell phone and scrolled through the screens. A moment later he put the phone to his ear. “Hey Phoebes,” he smiled, which truly transformed his face. “Yeah, good to talk to you too. It sure has been a while,” he guffawed heartily. “Oh yeah, I remember that - couldn’t forget.” I looked away as the conversation had an intimate feel to it. “Say, can you scan me the insurance dossier on Jessica Darrows?” He paused and smiled again. “You can pull it up right now? Great.” He turned to his computer. “Really? That’s weird. Can you check further?” A lengthy paused followed. “Okay. Thanks, I appreciate it. No drinks are on me next time.”
He hung up after another guffaw and for some reason I felt ready to run out of there. “Isn’t that supposed to be confidential information?”
“Someone deleted your file,” he said without answering my question. “My contact is going to dig further and see what’s going on.”
“You’re looking for proof I wasn’t paid.”
“Yes,” he stated matter-of-factly.
He hadn’t believed me. “I’m not lying.”
“I’m not saying you are.”
“Then why do you need more proof? The email isn’t enough? The fact that I lost everything isn’t enough,” I rasped, no longer able to hold back the pain, humiliation, shame and fear that had permeated me for almost a year.
“Miss Darrows -”
 “I’ve tried my very best! I’ve tried to keep my head above water.” Shay and Jonah weren’t perturbed by my outburst and continued sipping on coffee. “But it was never enough even though you’ve got all these millions. And…and here I am trying to get by on one meal a day because I’ll get my arm broken again if I’m short, or late!!”
Zeke’s eyes changed form and became near slits. He rose slowly and came around the desk, stopping so close in front of me our feet touched. He was even more intimidating up close like this, but I resisted the urge to shirk away and stayed still.
“Someone broke your arm because of a late payment?” His voice took on a menacing tone. “I want a name.”
I looked away, wicking away the tears. “It’s a figure of speech.” I didn’t need him getting me into even more trouble. I’d learned how Cato dealt with late payments. He’d told Vivian, at Snake Bite, to have Paws shake me up when I delivered the money twelve hours past the deadline. She went above and beyond and had Paws break my arm.
Zeke took his chair behind the desk and offered me a box of tissues. He kept his eyes trained on me as I plucked one, but then gestured I take more. I quickly pulled out two more and he waited patiently as I patted my cheeks dry and gathered myself. Glancing at the clock, I noticed how little time was left to register at the women’s shelter.
“So...uhm..can I leave now?” My voice was thick with emotion. His regard was one of pity which just pushed what little self-worth I possessed further into the ground.
“Not quite yet,” he replied kindly. “The reason I asked you to meet with me is because of the investigation into Bossman’s death. It has stalled for some months now, and all leads have been pursued, but haven’t resulted in any convictions. However, I may have found a way to move this forward. Are you interested in knowing more?”
My eyes widened in surprise. Having answers could take me out of the hell I’d been living in for the past eight months. But, as much as I was desperate to escape my situation, I didn’t want to walk into some sort of trap. “Can I ask what interest you have in solving the murder?”
He observed me for a long moment before nodding. “You may not realize this, Miss Darrows, but my tattooist, Meat, has been incapable of lifting an ink gun since that night at Bossman’s home. Being accused, suffering through a trial and the media frenzy the case generated, has him suffering from extreme PTSD. He can’t function. He’s crippled psychologically and emotionally.”
Meat wasn’t looking too traumatized when I saw him earlier. In fact I’d say he was getting more than seven minutes in heaven.
“Meat’s family has been under my protection for a long time,” he continued. “They wear my crest proudly. So when something or someone hurts one of mine, I will not leave a stone unturned to find the person responsible.”
That level of protection sounded like the ringing of a lottery bell and I’d be lying if I didn’t want that too, but the price was way too high. Getting tattooed and swearing fealty meant giving up your freedom, completely. But I’d also heard Bossman’s replacement, Cato, was imposing sanctions on The Yards. Zeke wasn’t mentioning it, but it must be hurting his business for him to want to close the file on the investigation.
“I’m not sure how I could be of any help,” I admitted, truthfully. “Plus, I don’t know if I’m allowed to associate with anyone involved in the case. They might throw me in jail – permanently this time.” The comment clearly displeased him, if his ticking jaw was anything to go by.
“Miss Darrows, I guarantee you, I will not allow that to happen and to further ensure that, I would like to make you an offer, should you agree to assist me in pursuing this investigation.”
I glanced at the clock again. “Uhm..what’s the offer?”
“I am willing to go before the Magistrar and request your debt be removed. Regardless of his decision, I will personally refund you all monies paid to my organization. I will also ensure your name is cleared and your reputation restored.”
To say that was music to my ears would be an understatement. It was everything I wanted, everything that would put my life back from its current Exon Valdez state to normality. How could I say no to that?
“It’s a pretty decent offer,” Shay commented from the comfort of the love seat. His legs were incredibly long and stretched out languidly.
“Plus, there are great perks to working for Zeke.” Jonah nodded in agreement.
“So, you only want me to assist and you’re not expecting me to find the killer – if there is one?” Feeling a little levity, I added, “like it was Professor Green in the library with the candle stick.”
“That was a good game,” Jonah supplied.
Zeke’s tone turned serious. “I haven’t a clue what you both are referring to, but I assure you this is no game.”
Shay mouthed ‘he hasn’t a Clue’ right before his shoulders shook with laughter.
Zeke continued, “I want the outcome of this venture to be a successful one. I would expect you to commit fully to your role until such time as the matter is settled.”
 “Is there some sort of document with the details of this agreement?” I’d need to see the extent of what’s involved because, although I needed his help, if the issue wasn’t resolved, I didn’t want to be stuck here with Zeke calling the shots on my every move.
He checked his watch then stood up and, once again, walked around the desk perching himself on the edge, his legs almost touching mine. “Miss Darrows, I’m afraid I don’t have the luxury of time in this instance. I have prepared something that has an extremely brief shelf-life, operationally speaking. But, once this first step has been completed, I will gladly provide all the details you need.”
Oh wow, he was expecting me to just go along blindly and trust him. “That’s quite a leap of faith you’re requesting there. Not sure you’d do the same if the roles were reversed.”
Zeke leaned in, his piercing green eyes connecting with mine like lightening to a metal rod. If I wasn’t already sitting down, I’d be on my ass because my legs felt wobbly with the power wafting off him in huge waves. “Then allow me to clarify. I give you my word, Miss Darrows.”
A person’s word in the shifter community was not offered lightly. It was a binding promise that few shifters offered because failure to keep your word allowed the other party to request a debt of their own choosing in payment. In all the crap I’d been through over Bossman’s death, I’d managed to avoid giving my word to anyone. That made me proud enough to mentally buff my nails on my jacket.
“Do you accept? Yes or no? I’m afraid I need an answer, promptly.”
“I just need proof you’ll honour the offer.” There was a collective gasp from the two occupants in the peanut gallery. I’d basically taken Zeke’s word and stomped all over it.
“She plays hard ball,” Shay said in admiration. “We need to take her along when you negotiate the next round of contracts with the gnomes.”
Zeke reached across the desk and pressed on the intercom. “Wendy, set up some accommodation at La Mer building. And open an account for Miss Darrows. Deposit two hundred and fifty thousand dollars and bring an additional ten thousand in cash immediately. See that she has a pre-paid credit card by tonight with seventy-five thousand as a limit.”
 The breathy voice filled the pregnant silence of the room. “Yes, Zeke. I’m on it immediately.”
“Does that re-assure you, Miss Darrows?”
You could’ve blown me over with a feather. I’d never seen that amount of money in my twenty-three years and I certainly never had a rent-free apartment. The orphanage didn’t count. But I didn’t want to receive a pay-out from Zeke for my freedom.
 “Thank you, that’s very generous. But, I’ll only use the accommodation for tonight, and while I will take compensation for the work I’m tasked with, I’d prefer the Magistrar refund the payments I’ve already made.” I smiled as the weight of vulnerability that came with poverty left my shoulders. “It’s just to make sure I don’t have any more legal trouble. And, I’m okay with signing the contract later.”
His regard was warm for some reason. “Okay. We’re agreed then.” He got up and returned to the chair behind the desk, the cold business manner back in full array. “Shay and Jonah will escort you to another room down the hall. Please follow their instructions implicitly. I will join you shortly.”
The small conference room was bright and functional, bland in its over-all white and beige colour scheme, yet, Zen at the same time. The strategically placed, and extremely beautiful bonsai trees, were as well-cared for as an unpardoned turkey destined for a presidential Thanksgiving feast. They appeared ancient and, if I wasn’t mistaken….considered extinct.
Holy Hellfire!
The man not only had a Sigillaria in his possession, but he’d made it into a bonsai format. If I could pluck just one of those tiny spikes, I’d have an incredible ingredient to enhance my ink. But, I’d probably get my head snipped off for even thinking such a thing.
“Don’t touch them,” Jonah advised with a tone that predicted the head-snipping thought I’d just entertained.
“Got it. Just looking.”
Wendy brought in a tray of food and coffee that smelled so delicious my stomach chose that moment to growl like an angry lion. She placed the precious cargo on the table and left after offering a deadpan, “enjoy.”
Shay being the perfect gentleman, or maybe a gentleman who recognized famine when he saw it, gestured to the tray. “Help yourself.”
Not one to hold back, I quickly piled a plate high of everything from doughy fiddle doodles to savoury tweedy rolls while I popped fresh fruit into my mouth. Had I been alone, I would have poured cream directly into the coffee pot and drank straight from it. Instead I filled my cup, as social etiquette required. While tucking in to, what was, seriously orgasmic-inducing food, I listened to Shay as he doled out Zeke’s implicit instructions.
“…so in a nutshell, all you have to do is sit where you are, at the head of the table, look at the flat screen on the wall ahead and,” he fished something out of his jeans pocket, “when prompted, drink this.”
 A tiny purple vial was pushed in front of me.
“Hang on, what’s in that?” I asked their retreating forms.
“Zeke will explain,” Shay answered skittishly before closing the door behind them.
After shamelessly finishing everything Wendy had brought in, I felt slightly more relaxed and turned my attention to the purple bottle. It was a simple cylindrical vial that held no more than five millilitres of mysterious liquid. As an alchemist witch, I was confident that with a quick whiff or taste I’d decipher the components and their purpose.
The next fifteen minutes was spent doing everything to uncork the thing, but try as I might, nothing would budge it. I’d put so much effort into it, I’d worked up a sweat and had to discard my leather jacket and blouse to cool off. I was stood in my white tank top and jeans, panting like I’d run a ten second mile, when a disembodied voice, of an indistinct gender, filled the room and told me to drink the potion.
“As soon as I can open it,” I grumbled. If Zeke’s thing was so time sensitive, he certainly wasn’t in a hurry to get here. I’d been in the conference room at least thirty minutes.
“Nunc.” The voice enunciated and the cork popped out of the vial like a champagne stopper.
 I passed it in front of my nose but couldn’t discern any odour or ingredient whatsoever. That told me two things; this drink, whatever it was, had an extremely high potency level and was created by someone very powerful.
“Right then,” I whispered, “here goes nothing.” I knocked it back and slammed the glass on the table as if I’d downed a triple shot of Blue Skyz.
Just as I was wondering what to do next, hurried footsteps thundered along the corridor. The door flew open and a panicked looking Zeke yelled, “don’t drink the -.” He pulled up short seeing the empty bottle on the table. His eyes widened as fear crossed his face. “Fuck!”
“What?? What did I just drink??” Panic set in. My heart raced like a stallion to the finish-line because when someone as in-control as Zeke freaks out, you can bet that some nuclear level shit just hit the fan.
The room was suddenly swarmed by several people. Shay, Jonah and Wendy were right behind Zeke and all wore expressions of impending doom. A woman who looked like the poster-child for Boho-chic materialized next, pure fear in her eyes. I recognized her as Zeke’s sister, Katy. She’d often accompanied him to those fancy gala events, but always remained in the background, as if she preferred to avoid the exposure. The term chalk and cheese was surely created to describe these siblings. Katy was a laid back woman who had oodles of compassion, and who helped run the school, hospital and elder centres in The Yards. At this very moment she looked less debonair and more disturbed, if her bulging eyes were anything to go by.
The last two people pulling up the rear was Cato, Bossman’s replacement and Boa, Bossman’s brutish bodyguard who had also been on duty the night of the murder - and who currently looked like he was experiencing serious sleep deprivation.
 “Another big fuckin’ mess you’ve made, Zeke,” Cato snarled. He was a stocky man, a wolf-shifter whose general shape had gone from toned to tubby and whose dress sense would have earned him first place in any pimp pageant.
“Quiet!” Zeke growled while throwing a murderous glance over his shoulder. When his eye met mine they were filled with tension. I thought I perceived a flash of concern, but it was gone so quickly, I must’ve have imagined it. “What you drank was a Weirheid potion. We were using it on everyone who was with Bossman that night. I think yours is just kicking in.”
“Oh. Okaaay.” Shit! I’d just imbibed the D-Day version of truth serums. It marched into every cell in the body ultimately blocking the mind and magic from withholding facts and opinions. The only way to ensure the drink didn’t kill me was to say absolutely everything sans filter. This could get ugly. But, at least everyone here knew exactly what to expect when truth-questing with Weirheid, so maybe my behaviour wouldn’t come as a surprise.
Zeke’s lips were moving, but my ears buzzed loudly and his words became hard to grasp. I mean, I heard them, but they floated away as soon as they were uttered and everything in the room began to take on a very strange and different hue. People rippled like the ebb and flow of a wave, and I felt my brow furrow as I tried to get things to become visually right again. A calming voice inside me told me to take a deep breath and everything would be fine. Inhaling deeply, I accepted the situation for what it was, released any resistance and let things flow. My hearing returned to normal, as did my vision and heartbeat.
I looked around the room at the captive audience. “I’m ready.”
Zeke nodded. “How are you feeling?”
“Glad that I’ve eaten; scared that I’m going to embarrass myself, frustrated that Meat isn’t affected by -”
“That’s fine,” Zeke cut in. “Thank you, Jess.”
“Get on with it,” Cato groaned.
“He is. You pimped out turnip.” I gasped at my outburst. “So sorry.”
 Zeke shot me an amused look, but continued with his questioning. “As I said earlier, I have some questions related to the night Bossman died. The potion is to garner everyone’s perspective.”
“Where’s Meat? Or does he get another get-out-of-jail-free card?” I sounded like I’d had too many Blue Skyz and that made me giggle.
Zeke looked away momentarily, his jaw clenched. “That’s why I tried to stop you from drinking the potion. Meat drank some and…..” He rubbed a hand over his head. “Well…he died after his statement. The potion was too strong.”
“It’s not too strong,” I countered. “Look, I’m really sorry for your loss, but I believe he died because he downed a pint of vampire Shiraz before he got here.” I looked over to the droopy-eyed bodyguard swaying beside Cato. “Hey Boa, did you drink the potion?”
“He did.” Zeke answered for him.
“Well, he’s fine, isn’t he? And, I’ll be fine too.” My tone changed to one of a parent explaining something to a particularly inattentive child. “Truth serums will always kill you if you mix them with drugs.” I nodded firmly, happy that my safety message had been imparted.
A smile tugged up the side of his lips and I swore his shoulders shook. “Duly noted, Miss Darrows.”
“You should smile more often. It’s quite beautiful and really erases that control-freak vibe you have.” Peals of laughter filled the room and I winced inwardly as the words spewed so freely. I’d be dying of embarrassment when the effects wore off, but I was incapable of stopping myself. “I’m so sorry,” I offered.
Zeke raised a hand to silence the murmuring in the room. “Can you tell me about the night Bossman died? Start from when you left your home.”
“Okay. Well, Bossman sent Boa around in a limo to pick me up. He wasn’t too happy because I was running late. When I got inside the car, Meat was there. He looked nervous, but I thought it was because he had been commissioned to ink a crime lord. Maybe it was because he had too much vampire juice. Or, maybe he needed V-juice and wasn’t feeling well. As I said, vampire blood’s highly addictive as substances go. One shot and you’re hooked and there isn’t an anti-dote out there to help you off it.”
“So you’re in the limo,” Zeke’s deep, smooth voice gently cut through my thoughts. “What happened next?”
“We get to Bossman’s mansion. It was a weirdly decorated place – all black marble and gold everywhere – even in the bathroom. A bit over the top, to be honest. But, who am I to judge, I’m currently homeless.” I eyed Cato at the back of the room and shook my head in dismay. “I know it’s your place now. No offence intended.”
“You arrived at the mansion,” Zeke prompted patiently.
“Yes. Boa leads us to the room where the work’s going to be done. Bossman was there and he looked happy, but not in a ‘isn’t life wonderful’ happy – more like ‘epic shit is about to go down’ happy. Then Meat sets up his work station, but he’s irritable and snarky with me as I lay out all the ink he’ll need -”
“What type of ink did you supply and who asked you to be there specifically?”
I frowned remembering the strange call I received at my home lab the previous day. “It was all my own ink – made from scratch, as always. Bossman, had phoned me the day before, described the tattoo he wanted and sent over the design. A couple of hours before I was due at Bossman’s place, he calls me again. He needed to have his love’s blood added in.”
“His love’s blood?”
“Many shifters put blood in to strengthen their bond as a couple. That’s why I was running late. I had to change the ink base to one that would compensate for the additional blood.” My eyes swiftly looked over his ink-free skin. I could feel my head tilt quizzically, “Where are your tattoos? Everyone in your community wears your crest. Do you -”
“Let’s keep on point, Miss Darrows. Can you confirm Bossman was talking about Chana’s blood being added?”
“He never mentioned a name. He just said it was his love’s blood.”
“And after you set up the ink?”
“I asked him when his love would be joining us to provide the blood, but he just chuckled and handed me a pint glass of blood.”
“A pint! That’s a lot.”
“I thought so too. I told him I only needed a few drops. But it was weird because he said to use as much as I could then pressed the glass into my hand. It was cold, like it had been refrigerated. He saw me hesitate and his expression turned bat-shit crazy. I immediately avoided eye contact, quickly mixed in the blood and tested it a few times to make sure the ink was stable chemically. After that, I told him everything was good and I needed to leave, but he insisted I stay.”
“How did you feel about that?”
“Well, I wasn’t too happy because the piece he commissioned would take hours and I didn’t want to be there a second longer. But, I felt it would be seen as insulting to leave, so I agreed to stay. Boa provided food and drinks and I settled onto the couch not far from where Meat was working. I flicked through magazines to pass the time in between checking the ink and blood mixture. About an hour later, Meat turned to us, all relaxed and happy, and said Bossman was napping like a baby. Another ten minutes later he commented that he’d never seen any client so still. That’s when Boa got up, leaned over Bossman and shouted FUCK!”
“What happened next?”
“Boa said Bossman wasn’t breathing. Meat was screaming like a Banshee and started shaking Bossman. Boa tossed Meat out of the way and pulled Bossman from the chair and placed him on the floor. I darted over, opened out Bossman’s shirt to start compressions while Boa pulled the head back to clear the airway. Then Boa called the Peace-Keepers, who were situated the nearest geographically, while I performed CPR.”
“How long did you spend trying to revive Bossman?”
“About fifty minutes between all of us - myself, Boa and the Peace-Keepers, when they showed up. We’d switch out when someone was getting tired.”
“When did you realize Bossman was dead?”
“When Boa pulled him out of the chair.”
“Did you know he’d been poisoned by your ink?”
“No! Of course not! I thought his heart gave out because he’d had one too many burgers at Chilly’s. The man’s gut was huge.”
“So who left the room while he was being tattooed?”
“Only myself and Boa. Not together, obviously, and just for a quick bathroom break.”
“So, you saw nothing at any point that seemed bizarre?”
“Nothing.”
Zeke looked me straight in the eye. “Jessica Darrows, did you poison, or commit any act that contributed to the death of Francesco Bossman Mattia?” I could feel the power of the truth serum weigh heavily on my chest. It was created with this question as its base. The only way to remove the weight was to respond with what the serum wanted.
“No, I did not poison, or commit any act that contributed to the death of Francesco Bossman Mattia.”
“Did you allow someone access to the ink other than yourself and Meat?”
“No. My ink was sealed after I had prepped everything before leaving the house. I did not put poison in the ink. I did not collude with anyone to harm Bossman and I know of no one who wanted him killed.”
“Yet, you alone were accused of this crime and only insufficient evidence prevented your imprisonment.”
A wave of anger swept through me, carrying with it all the accusations, degradation and injustice thrown at me since that night. “I really don’t need a history lesson. I know what punishment was meted out, believe me. I live it every day.”
“So who do you think murdered Bossman?”
“I truly have no idea.”
“Thank you, Miss Darrows.”
My shoulders fell with relief, but I felt drained. I’d just been forced to watch the play by play of an event I’d have preferred to have erased from memory.
Zeke stood up and faced the silent, riveted crowd. “Okay. Everyone Satisfied? From Meat, Boa and Jess’ statement we can assume it was Chana’s blood that Bossman provided. Her body was found in her home two days later. Time of death concurs with all three questing versions.” There was a general murmuring of agreement. “Cato, you’ve got your answers. We’ll discuss this in more detail shortly, but I expect an immediate desisting of your current pursuits in my regard.” He nodded to Shay and Jonah who ushered everyone out of the room and closed the door leaving me alone with Zeke.
The potion’s effects were dwindling, now that the base question had been asked, and I felt my eye-lids become heavy with sleep. I stifled a deep yawn and stretched my arms upwards languidly. “Right then, I think I’ll head off to La Mer building, wherever that is.”
Zeke’s eyes briefly swept over my form as he sat down. Leaning his arms on his thighs, his legs spread in that way men claim space. “It’s best you stay here for another few minutes just to ensure there are no ill-effects from the draught. I’ll escort you to the apartment shortly.”
I stifled another yawn, inhaling deeply. “No need.” Goddess he smelled good. It was peculiar, yet intoxicating and a complete mystery. Usually shifters had a species-specific aroma, but not him. What was that element that was distinctly male, yet indefinable? I wondered what kind of supe he was.
“Miss Darrows?” He asked. That’s when I realized I had inched a little closer to his face.
“Oops. Sorry,” I smiled weakly. “Just curious.” I rubbed my hands over my eyes to try and stay awake.
“About what?” His tone had taken on a sultry vibe making certain areas of my body come alive for the first time in a long time.”
“Nothing. I just can’t seem to make out what species you are.”
“Do you want to know?”
I really wanted to reply, Hell yes, but instead I muttered a sleepy “Mmmm.”
“I’m afraid I can’t tell you. Only some crested know.”
“I didn’t ask.” The man had the nerve to chuckle.
“Tell me, are you an alchemist witch, Jess?”
“You know I am.” Why was he asking about this again?
“Have you a hidden ability? Something that hasn’t been registered, perhaps?”
“No, of course not,” I frowned. “I’d have told you.” I felt so sleepy, I wondered would it be inappropriate to climb on the table and have a quick nap. Okay, I needed to get out of here before I keeled over on the spot. “I’d better leave now.”
I leaned my head on the table, no longer able to hold it up. The promise of oblivion called to me, except he was saying something and I tuned back in to his soothing timbre.
“…who broke your arm, Jess?”
Why did my name on his lips make my stomach swoop? I was pathetic to have these feelings. Blissful darkness beckoned.
“Tell me, Jess.” Was he growling?
Still compelled to answer him truthfully, I mumbled, “Paz at Snake Bite,” as I let sleep claim me.
Chapter 3
I woke up feeling as good as if I’d downed a Keg of Fey-Time whiskey. An entire construction crew were operating full swing inside my head. Sitting up slowly, I noticed the night sky outside and saw I was no longer in the conference room, but someone’s bed. Thankfully, I was still dressed in my tank and jeans, but some kind soul had removed my shoes and socks. Probably Jimmy. I’d have to thank her later.
A lamp in the corner cast about a gentle glow that was dimmed enough not to cause squinting, yet bright enough to enable me to make out my surroundings. I was in a simple, but elegant room in a king-size, and extremely comfortable, bed. My hands caressed the silky sheets whose thread count was higher than anything I’d ever felt before. In terms of furnishings, it could be considered sparse, but it was perfect; uncluttered, open, airy. I was sensing a general theme in The Yards and I wasn’t sure if it was Zeke or some decorator’s influence.
Throwing off the covers, I sat on the side of the bed and let a dizzy wave pass. That’s when I noticed a stack of pristine bills on the bedside table. They were bound by currency paper on which was written $10,000.
Oh my Goddess!! The first thought that came to mind was, I couldn’t take it, but when I considered the potent serum I’d downed, the guilt faded. Zeke certainly surprised me. I didn’t think he’d keep his word. With thoughts of replenishing my ink-making supplies and affording a temporary roof over my head, my feet did a happy dance. The movement caused pain to shoot between my eyes and my stomach rolled. Spotting the en-suite bathroom, I dashed to the toilet just in time to empty the contents of my stomach.
 Purging the remnants of the potion out of my system required hugging the porcelain throne for a while, but once I was done, I felt better. I still had a nagging headache, but would track down some feno-fungi for that. The bathroom was three times the size of my studio apartment and not a cockroach in sight. The theme of Zen-like simplicity continued in here and I promised myself that, when I got back on my feet, I’d have a little place to call my own and would decorate it something like this. One day.
After a quick shower, I towelled off then availed of the new toothbrush set on the counter and scrubbed my teeth clean. A smile pulled my lips at the sight of a note stuck to the vanity mirror.
Hey Neighbour, come to my place for some serious girl talk! XX Jimmy. P.S. I’m just next door, to the left. Bring the wine, Peaches! P.P.S. Drink the pink juice in the fridge, it’ll take that headache away in flash. XX
The sparkling clean kitchen was equipped for a professional chef. Opening the industrial-sized stainless steel fridge, I availed of the pink juice and it did exactly as Jimmy predicted.
With my eyes back in their individual sockets, I took a perfunctory tour which left me breathless. The one-bedroom condominium had floor to ceiling windows offering a breath-taking view of the bay, and, from the over-sized balcony, it felt like I was hovering just above the ocean in my own little boat. This level of luxury and comfort would ruin any future place I’d call home, so I intended getting out of here today. I’d kept my side of the bargain with Zeke by taking the serum, so it was time to track down my bag and leave. With the money I’d been paid, I’d head to a cheap motel on the human side of town. Tucking some money into my pocket, I pulled a bottle of red wine from the rack in the kitchen and headed next door to Jimmy’s.
I gave a quick knock then spoke through the door, “Open up gorgeous! I’ve got a Zinfandel with your name on it.” I was still chuckling when the door was thrown open and Zeke’s towering form peered down on me. Shit! My face fell and I whispered an “Oh,” of surprise.
“Miss Darrows?” He asked quizzically, but I couldn’t detect anger or annoyance. Then again, he was a master at hiding his feelings. He could be fit to throttle me and I wouldn’t know. “Is everything okay?”
Dressed in a sharp suit and open-necked silk, white shirt, he looked Runway material. Who wore a suit at home? Had he never heard of casual wear? His arm rose higher on the door, offering a partial view of the couch where a pair of bare and long shapely legs was crossed elegantly.
“No….uhm.” My eyes shot to the door looking for a number, but there was none. “I uhm…...I just thought this was Jimmy’s place.” A deep blush crept up my face. “She said her door was to the left.” If I could have summoned the note as proof, I would have because right now it appeared as if I fabricated an excuse to spend some alone time with him. Totally not the case. Quite the opposite really. I found him intimidating. Plus, he was obviously a leg man and I – nope, not going there.
“Jimmy’s place is to the left… but on the ground floor.” His eyes never left mine. “This is the Penthouse level.”
Oh Hell! “It is? Right then. Uhm..really sorry to disturb. By the way, thank you for the payment. I saw it on the…” I thumbed over my shoulder wishing the ground would swallow me whole. “You know, I’ll just go and see Jimmy then.” I gripped the wine bottle, said good night and turned away. I’d totally throttle the Jinn for pulling that stunt!
“Actually, Miss Darrows,” he called after me. I pivoted around. His hands were pushed deep in his pockets. “I’ve had to send Jimmy on an errand, but there are some things you and I need to discuss. Please, won’t you come in,” he gestured to the foyer.
Shifters can detect hesitation in a heartbeat and my reluctance to go in and discuss anything with him was obvious. If the serum was still in effect, I’d have said I’d rather spend time with Ebola-ridden bats.
“Miss Darrows?” He prompted.
“It’s just Jess. The Miss Darrows thing is way too formal.”
“Just Jess it is then,” he said, smiling.
“Zeke?” The woman’s voice called.
“Ahm, maybe tomorrow is better.” You know, because you’ve those legs to attend to. He kept his gaze trained on me despite being hailed by, what was surely, a six foot model with five percent body fat. He didn’t say anything and the silence felt awkward. “Right then,” I chirped, “I’ll let you get back to your….”
The door suddenly slammed shut in my face. I stood there for a few seconds, looking at it in bewilderment. Wow! Now that was downright rude and brought me right back to feeling like I was a filthy wad of gum on his shoe. Not wanting to end up in front of the Magistrar for having damaged the front door of a pillar of the community, I inhaled deeply, turned on my heels and exhaled slowly.
The door was suddenly thrown open and Zeke strode out appearing angry. “Jess, sorry about that. Let me explain.”
“Uhm…no need,” I replied nervously as I hurried down the corridor.
“I’ve prepped the contract. It won’t take long.”
Glancing over my shoulder, I saw his arms fold across his chest and frustration written on his features. “In the morning will be fine. Text me. You have my number.”
He was in front of me in a second. “I didn’t shut the door on you. It was a magical mishap.”
The pull I had felt earlier from whatever ink he wore on his skin wasn’t there anymore. How come I’d felt it? Was it a once off thing, like a weird glitch with my ability to connect with ink, or had he, somehow, blocked me?
I uttered a neutral, “okay,” and walked away. I didn’t look back, but could feel him watching me until I was out of sight. I needed to decompress and I needed a drink. I could kill two birds with one stone at Jimmy’s bar. 
The place was packed and the atmosphere, electric. The DJ had music pounding from two tower speakers and the deep base pulsated through my body as I squeezed my way to the bar. There were several mixologists going at full speed to satiate the thirsty crowd. I reached the counter, but there were no seats available, so I sidled over to the furthest section where the counter and wall met. Thankfully, it wasn’t long before an older barman approached. He had an athletic build, salt and pepper hair, and ice blue eyes that twinkled mischievously.
He leaned forward to hear my order over the noise, but before I even spoke, he discreetly sniffed in my direction and smiled. “You’re Jess Darrows, right?” The drawl was smooth and Southern.
“I might be,” I replied cautiously. “It depends who wants to know.”
He chuckled at that, “only me, darlin’. Jimmy said you might stop by. Said I’m to make sure you’re well looked after.”
“That’s very kind of you, thanks.”
“My pleasure” he smiled. “And if you don’t mind my sayin’, Jimmy said you were a fine woman and she didn’t lie.”
Heat crept up my cheeks. “Thank you.”
“Not full of yerself either. That’s as rare as a chicken with lips ‘round these parts.”
I couldn’t help but laugh. There was a zero sleaze-factor in his remark and I recognized it for the Southern compliment that it was. “Uhm….thanks…again.” I didn’t know what to add to that, compliments weren’t something I was used to.
“Now, I hear you like the kick-ass liquor, but I see you’ve got some wine there. Want me to open it for you and pretend it came from the bar?”
I laughed again, but declined the offer. “Actually, a Blue Skyz is fine.”
“Coming right up.” He quickly put together my favourite tipple and an array of tapas he’d pulled from a mini-oven under the counter.
“Wow! These look delicious!” The aroma had my mouth watering and I didn’t hesitate a second before biting into one. “Oh! They’re delicious! Thanks, so much. I really appreciate it.” In the category of ‘good days’ this was definitely one, as I was already on my second meal – if I could keep it down.
The bar tender placed a second drink beside the one I hadn’t realized I’d already finished. He slung a serving towel over his shoulder. “You holler if you need anythin’ darlin’. The name’s Sam.” He hustled down to the far end of the bar and was quickly serving other clients. Now that I had actual money in my pocket, Sam was going to be getting a generous tip.
The stool beside me vacated and I quickly claimed it as mine and settled in to people watch. I got eye-balled a few times, no-doubt from those who’d recognized me and deemed me a murdering lunatic, but I decided to ignore their negativity and enjoy the scene. Two glasses of water and another Blue Skyz later and I was feeling the energy shift. Pulsating lights and strobe beams increased in intensity. The throbbing, magically-charged luminosity fed wild energy to the mass of bodies pushed together in a dance of seduction and, in some cases, foreplay. It wouldn’t be long until pleasurable moans and primal grunting came from the many shadowed areas of the club. When the lust level began soaring rapidly, I took it as my cue to leave.
A heated breath feathered my neck. “You recovered well, Jess Darrows,” a male voice spoke in a deep melodic resonance that added charm to his broken English.
I whipped around wondering how someone’s smooth voice could penetrate the intense noise from the club music. My eyes landed on a toned-to-perfection naked chest. Looking up, burgundy pupils peered at me from a lowered, black-bearded face. Long swirls of black, silky curls cascaded onto heavily-muscled shoulders. Semyon??
What was a three hundred year old, and might I add, global celebrity, doing in The Yards? And why was he talking to me? More puzzlingly, how come he knew I was recovering from the potion? Just as the question formed, so did the answer. Semyon’s ability to detect substances, fear, arousal, lies, and death transcended time, which was what made him legendary. Rumour had it that he could sense your amino acids hundreds of miles away and if he wanted them, he got them. He didn’t even need to be in visual range to detect those elements, which is why he made an insane amount of money finding missing shifters. Plus, he didn’t discriminate on who sought out his services. Humans, Peace-Keepers or criminals, it didn’t matter. If you had the dough, he did the job.
“Semyon Iamia,” I nodded respectfully, using the ancient title that vampires of his standing expected. He’d probably detected the truth-questing serum from miles away. There was no point in keeping it secret, so I looked him straight in his maroon eyes when I spoke. “Thank you, I’ve fully recovered.” Still a pariah around here, though, but he didn’t need to know that.
“And so quickly too. The witch who made that serum is one of the strongest of her kind. You should have been incapacitated for days. The fact that you’re not speaks volumes to your -” his eyes swept up along my form resting for a long, uncomfortable pause on my boobs. “Strengths.”
A plethora of insults sat on the tip of my tongue, but one did not piss off an ancient vampire, if one wanted to remain breathing. His smarmy smile was giving me a bad dose of the heebie-jeebies. Time to leave. Standing up, I gave him a moment to back up out of my personal space, but he wouldn’t move. Clearly, he enjoyed being a jerk. “Well, I’ll be off then.” I couldn’t say it was nice meeting him because he’d smell the lie a mile away.
“But of course.” He softly pressed his lips to my hand, and inhaled deeply, as his eyelids became hooded. “You know, there was no need for such a barbaric method of extracting the truth. I smell you, sweet girl,” he whispered seductively, “and you are no murderer.” His voice was clear with conviction.
I really could have done with him making that declaration to the Magistrar eight months ago. Things would have been so different. I’d have been exonerated, I’d still have my ink supply business and I wouldn’t have become persona non grata in the Otherworld. But what would it have cost me to have Semyon make such a declaration? I’m guessing it would have been exorbitant. He’d probably demand I become his personal blood bank, or join his extensive harem. “Nice to know,” I said forcing a smile.
 His hand brushed my cheek softly. “Ah, but there is darkness too. The combination of both is, indeed, a perfect blend. A very unique one at that.” He closed his eyes briefly and I watched his fangs descend and his jaw drop open with blood lust. “Your blood sings of a purpose yet unfulfilled.” Suddenly, his hand circled my forearm. His nose pressed against my wrist as he trailed it up and down seductively.
Ewww! “Mr. Semyon, please let go of my hand!” I tried to pull out of his grasp but it wasn’t budging from his iron grip.
 “I’m like a moth to your blazing wildfire, Jess.” His finger cupped my chin tilting it upwards and I found myself gazing into the eyes of a vampire whose need for blood was consuming him. “By night’s end I will have eaten, sucked and devoured every ounce of your essence -”
“Release her,” a voice growled and Semyon immediately surrendered his hold, as if burned. I smelled Zeke’s crisp cologne before I saw him appear beside me. Relief surged through me. His arm casually stretched around to grasp the back of the bar stool I’d just been sitting on. He looked so composed you’d swear we’d all arranged for an amicable night out. But there had been no mistaking the heavy, possessive vibes Zeke was throwing about.
“My apologies, Zeke. I did not know this one was yours.” His head inclined slightly in respect.
What? I wasn’t Zeke’s anything, and went to tell him as such, but Zeke’s palm pressed against my lower back and I guessed it was a signal not to talk.
“She doesn’t wear my crest, yet, but she’s not available.” His arm extended outward. “Please, enjoy the club while you’re here. My hospitality is available to you, as always.”
Semyon appeared disappointed. “Thank you, but I think I’ll seek a quieter venue.” His eyes grazed over me like a dog eying a fine t-bone steak. “Hmmmmm…the Gods certainly seem to have blessed you with this one, my friend. I’m positively alight with need.”
Zeke’s jaw clenched. “There are many Sanguines available here tonight. They will not hesitate to tend to your needs.”
Semyon threw a bored glance about the room. “You offer me porridge when a heavenly delight is at my fingertips?” He inhaled deeply and his eyes grew wide again. “You would be bliss, sweet Jess. I can smell it.” He stepped closer, “taste it -”
“No.” Zeke pushed me behind him, growling so fiercely it snapped Semyon out of his trance. “Jess is mine!”
“My, my, my, Zeke, we are possessive. Most unusual.” His smile was wide and filled with deviousness. “Let me know when you tire of her. There is no such thing as sloppy seconds in my book. ”
The misogynistic ass! “Not happening -”
“Agreed.” Zeke interjected as his hand slid down to my hip and clasped it in a possessive grip, which I guess he needed to do for show. I don’t think he wanted Semyon showing up every night in The Yards, no matter his celebrity clout.
Semyon walked away with a bemused smile and I stepped away to create some space, but Zeke kept a tight hold of my waist. “We’re leaving,” he spoke softly near my ear. “Stay close. We’ll be watched until we’re out of sight.”
Taking my hand, he led me to a mezzanine area behind the bar that I’d never seen before. The power between us ignited in a strange buzz. I would have asked him what that was, but as soon as we were out of view of the club, he dropped my hand like it had been disgusting to hold.
He turned left then opened a door into a brightly lit stair well. We descended two floors and continued along a well lit, grey corridor.
“Why did you tell that vampire, I was yours? You know he’s going to do his best to claim me.” The frustration in my tone made it perfectly clear that I didn’t need another powerful man after me for something.
He had the audacity to smile. “If you wear my crest, you won’t have to worry about Semyon or Cato.”
“Swearing fealty? That wasn’t part of our agreement.”
He appeared thoroughly amused. “No it wasn’t. But maybe you’ll change your mind. Everything doesn’t have to be a battle, Jess. Allow yourself to be taken care of.”
“Most people believe I had a hand in Bossman’s murder. Why would you even want someone like me in your community?”
“Call it a hunch,” he replied smoothly.
“I don’t mean to sound rude, but it’s not something I want.”
His smile was wide and confident. “You’ll wear my crest soon, I can feel it. You deserve it after all you’ve been through.”
The cost of that offer meant being controlled. Sure, Zeke was my ticket out of this mess, but only by restoring my reputation within the shifter communities. I decided it was best to change the subject, “where are we going? I thought you had company.”
“I was taking Meat’s sister to his crossing-over ceremony.”
Oh, that was Meat’s sister in his apartment earlier. He’d been going to the funeral, not cosying up with some model as I imagined. “Sorry….about Meat,” I offered after a pause.
“Yeah,” he sighed in acknowledgement. “He never got over Bossman’s death. I mean, he wasn’t the most grounded individual, but he was a good man. Worked hard, contributed to the community. He just couldn’t shake off the guilt even though he wasn’t guilty at all.”
In light of Meat’s penchant for vampire blood, I was coming to the conclusion that on the night of the murder his anxiousness was more to do with needing a fix and less to do with tattooing Bossman. But sharing that information with Zeke wouldn’t change anything, so I kept it to myself.
 Zeke kept looking straight ahead. “I’ve got that detailed contract ready.”
“But, I took the serum. You got the information. Doesn’t that mean we’re done?”
We’d reached an elevator and he pressed the call button. The doors opened immediately and he motioned me inside. “You gave Cato the information he wanted.” He selected the top floor. “I got the truth from three people tonight and each one of you said something different about Bossman’s death.”
“That’d be normal, right? We all perceive things a little differently.”
“Let’s get that contract signed first.”
“Ahhmmm…that’s it?” I slid the roll of parchment across the desk. We were in his home office. The décor was masculine, but had an air of nostalgia about it. Some rustic pieces appeared out of place with the more modern items. I got the feeling they were treasures he’d never part with.
His head tilted to the side in puzzlement. “What did you expect?”
“More details, I guess?” I said with a shrug. “The phrase, ‘Jess Darrows is in my employ until further notice,’ wasn’t what I was expecting.”
“More details,” he parroted then perused the document as if it couldn’t possibly be clearer. “Like what?”
“I don’t know,” I shrugged. “Like duration, tasks, conditions, pay, benefits, that kind of thing.” And not having to accept his crest. That was definitely something I’d want to see in the fine print.
“Duration? Until further notice. Tasks? Assist me in investigating Bossman’s death. Conditions? You live here with free room and board. Pay? You’ve got six figures in your bank account, ten grand in cash - minus what you didn’t tip Sam tonight and a credit card with seventy five grand on it. Benefits? We’ve got a hospital and two clinics on site that you can avail of 24-7 without needing any insurance. I don’t know what more you could possibly want.”
“I’m not looking for more,” I blushed. “The offer is extremely generous. I’m just not sure about your crest...thingy? I thought only your people could stay here in The Yards”
“You’re Jess Darrows, right?”
“Yes.”
“The crest thingy isn’t on the table unless you want it. Just your signature will be required for this agreement to become effective.”
“Oh, okay.” I took the outstretched fountain pen and scratched my name in black ink. He checked my signature then rapidly added his own.
My hand jerked as an invisible blade slashed rapid cuts onto my inner wrist and burned like a mother!!! “What the f-”
“Give it a minute or two,” he said with a calm tone, as if people got cut up in his office every day.
When the sensation passed, I was bent over the chair and breathing like a rhino in labour. Blood which had smeared my wrist suddenly disappeared under the skin leaving behind letters carved in thick, bold, red script. “You branded your name on me?” I balked.
“No need to have a conniption. It’s a temporary solution to not wearing the crest.” He had the audacity to smile. “Consider it a rarely-bestowed all-access pass to The Yards.”
“Why didn’t you say that before dissecting me?”
“Dissecting? Surely it wasn’t that bad? It’s not like being fire-skimmed.”
“F-fire skimmed?” A flash of fear burst within me, while alarm bells rang in my head.
“Yeah,” he grinned. “Now that’s painful.”
A distant memory reared its ugly head. Hands held me down. A soothing voice told me not to cry right before a hand covered my mouth and flames seared the skin on my hip.
I was six years old.
 Sweet Goddess above! There was no way he could know about that. I’d never mentioned it to anyone. Ever.
“You okay, Jess?”
I needed to get out of here. I needed to check that he hadn’t found out. I schooled my expression to one of complete calm. “Yeah, sure, of course. Why?” Blood was rapidly rising to my cheeks.
 “I don’t know. You look….flushed.”
“Just a bit hot in here.” It was as cold as a meat locker. I stood quickly and began backing away. “We’re done anyway, right?”
“Yeah, sure. The paperwork’s out of the way.” He checked his watch. “We start tomorrow at nine a.m.”
“Okay.” My hand grasped the door knob.
“Don’t you want to know what we’ll be doing?”
“Eh, yeah…tomorrow.” I pulled open the door and stepped into the corridor. “Nine is fine.”
Back in the confines of the next-door apartment, I paced nervously trying to determine what to do. Maybe I was over reacting. He couldn’t know. There were only two other people in the room that night besides me, and all three of us were bound in a vow of silence no spell could break. I very much doubted Parsons or the Koorima had decided that after seventeen years it was time to blab.
So why couldn’t I shake the feeling that he somehow knew? Because Zeke - the-so-called shepherd - didn’t hire anyone without first knowing every single detail of that person’s life. In the shifter world, information was currency and given how he’d fattened my wallet, he had it in spades.
I needed to ensure my secret was safe.
Grabbing the TV remote, I put it on to some random channel, making sure the volume was loud, but not enough to attract attention. Just beside the table in the entrance, someone had left my bags. I rooted through my back pack, extracted a cylindrical silver canister and returned to the living room where I placed it on the coffee table. I lifted the lid inhaling the rich scent of high quality powdered ink. After extracting the minute foldable scoop hidden in the lid, I dipped it into the black powder and let it fall on the coffee table. Using a dribble of saliva, I mixed the powder to a paste then drew a symbol and waited. Seconds later, the noise of the television disappeared and I was enveloped in my own sound proof bubble. Pulling my phone from my jeans pocket, I quickly dialled Parsons. He answered on the second ring.
“Jess.” The worried tone in that one word made my eyes water. The last time we spoke was the day of the ruling where he begged me to return to The Academy. I didn’t want my troubles to follow him. My every move had been under scrutiny, and the second they made the connection between us, the Magical Nightly News reporters would be camped outside his place broadcasting to every shifter news channel they could reach.
“I’m okay, Parsons,” I smiled. “And you?”
“Nothing that retirement won’t fix,” he chuckled.
“You’re eighty years old. Waaay too young to be thinking about that.” Truth was Parsons was devoted to his work and nothing could slow him down.
“Now I know you didn’t call me to coax me into retirement. Did something happen? I really do wish you’d come back. I’d be so much happier knowing you’re safe. And it would be no bother to send someone there to pick you up.”
I couldn’t help but smile. Parsons was as protective as they come. “I’m fine, really. Don’t worry about me.”
“Well I do.” He sighed heavily. “It makes no sense to stay in that awful city.”
He didn’t know I couldn’t leave. The Magistrar added a clause to the ruling stipulating that I wasn’t to leave the city and its environs until restitution had been paid in full. Given what I owed, I’d be spending the rest of my days in Bayside.
“Do you need me to come visit you?”
“No!” I gasped. I couldn’t let him see how dire my situation had become.
“I see.” The tone indicated his worry level just went up a notch.
“Sorry Parsons, but it’s just I’m working as much as I can, so……”
“It’s okay. No pressure. Just know I am here if you need me.”
I exhaled a low breath of relief. Sensing the soundproof bubble’s magic was weakening, I got to the point of the call. “I just need to know if anyone tried to contact you or the Koorima.”
Fire-skimming was a procedure done only for two reasons; either to mine magical plague-like parasites from the body, or hide a negative maternal impression. The latter being the mark of a mother’s curse on her child. Nobody ever touted being fire-skimmed because it meant you either carried the potential to transmit a horrific magical disease, or your biological mother tried to make sure you didn’t survive the birthing process. If the child somehow survived, her curse left a mark that branded the child as unnatural, or unclean – a bad omen that was feared in the Otherworld community.
“The Koorima!” Parsons exclaimed. “Jess, you need to tell me right now what’s happening?”
“I’ve just been hired by Zeke of The Yards.” I ignored his hiss of shock and went on to explain my concerns. “Could the Koorima have told him?”
“I’m afraid her Fire-skimming days ended four years ago when she fell ill. She passed away less than a year ago, so your secret went with her to the grave.”
I took a deep breath of relief. I was over-reacting. Zeke hadn’t gone digging into my past. I’d misinterpreted what he said, that’s all. “You didn’t keep a record of her visit, did you?”
“No, of course not, but if you are working for this Zeke character, I implore of you to be careful. He is a very dangerous man.”
“I will, I promise.” We ended the call only after I swore I’d be in touch more often.
The next morning I wasn’t sure where Zeke wanted to meet and I really didn’t feel like knocking on his door again, so I decided to find a café close by and wait for him to contact me. He had my phone number given the amount of times Shay and Jonah said he’d tried to reach me prior to them picking me up.
I rode the elevator down the lobby of the building and was met with one of four uniformed concierges. I’m sure they doubled as security guards given their bulk, strong magical energy and over all alertness vibe. “Miss Darrows” one greeted me politely. “Zeke is unavoidably delayed. He will collect you from your apartment when his schedule allows. Please return there and wait for him to contact you.”
“Oh, okay. Is it alright if I just grab a coffee while I wait?” Through the glass structure, I spotted a quaint café right across the street. “I’ll be at that place right over there.”
His eyes tracked my line of sight. “Okay, but come straight back after you’re done.”
I smiled. “I certainly will.” I moved around him and hurried outside.
Once seated in a secluded corner overlooking a terrace with colourful lamps which offered heat and gentle luminosity to imitate the summer sun, I felt positively giddy at being able to order such luxuries as a latte and basically anything from the menu. I didn’t hold back on the variety or quantity of pastries and breakfast sandwiches I ordered. The server, a young lynx shifter, offered to bag up anything I couldn’t eat.
The time on my phone read ten a.m. I’d waited almost two hours for Zeke, and with no response to my multiple texts, or messages, I decided to use my plump wallet to purchase some ink supplies. I sent a final message to Zeke, saying I was running some errands and to let me know when he was available then exited The Yards. In the human side of the city, I milled about the shops for an hour, while regularly checking for an update on the meeting we were to have, but there was still radio silence. So, I decided to hail a cab to the bus terminal. If his no-show was a test of my dependability as an employee, I figured I’d proven myself. I was free to roam where I wanted, but I couldn’t shake the feeling I was being followed.
Three hours later I walked up a winding garden path overgrown with all kinds of plants and shrubbery. The whole area was verdant, bucolic and isolated. I relaxed somewhat at this point because if anyone did try and pursue me, they’d find themselves lost in a fog as thick as pea soup. Ivy Fox didn’t mess around when it came to protecting her home. If you didn’t have an appointment, you got the black cloud version of a welcome and would end up wandering in circles until you gave up and went home. I’d been given permission to show up at her place whenever I wanted because I was her biggest client, or at least, had been, pre-Exon-Valdez days.
She knew my name and reputation wasn’t worth a dollop of sewer-goblin’s slime in the community, but Ivy had always claimed my innocence and seen me as a victim of injustice. A few days after the Magistrar pronounced judgement in my case, I’d read somewhere that he’d had an unfortunate encounter with a batch of contaminated tea while dining with the Lycanthrope Ladies Association. His skin turned a shade of forest green and remained like that for three whole weeks. Every kind of treatment was provided, but nothing worked. She’d never admit it, but Ivy was the one responsible and I know that because she’d once pulled a similar stunt on a client who’d try to con her. Fortunately, nobody connected the dots between both incidents and the official cause of the Magistrar’s mysterious malady remained unresolved.
My hand was raised to knock on the cottage’s arched door when Ivy’s voice called out, “Jess, come around the back! I’ve got a batch of possessed saffron and things are getting out of hand!!”
“Oh, okay, I’ll be right there.” I ran around to the back door, twisted the knob and pushed through. “I’m here! What -.” Slime slapped my face hard knocking me off my feet and laying me out on the kitchen floor.
Her hurried steps were accompanied by a slew of curses. “Don’t move,” she whispered and I became aware of her tip-toeing closer. Another almighty whack to the face almost knocked me out, but at least it dislodged the slime.
When I opened my eyes everything was orange and not the lovely sunset kind. “Ivy! It’s security orange!”
“Oh dear. Okay, don’t worry. Hang tight.” She threw a Tibetan bowl into the sink. Its unique tone resonated, but it was far from relaxing. “Almost done with this fidgety bastard.”
My eyesight cleared. If Ivy had said she’d just run a marathon, I’d have believed her. A sheen of sweat covered her tan skin, so much so, that her black, maternity sun dress looked soaked through.
Hang on! Maternity dress?“Ivy, wow!!” I hadn’t seen her in eight months, so I guess she’d been pregnant last time we’d met and didn’t say. Or maybe she didn’t know? Maybe she did, but didn’t want to tell me? “Congratulations! I had no idea.”
Her long, pale chestnut, curly hair was a tangled mess, but none of that seemed to divert her focus from the offending slime she held in one hand. “Yep! And it’s an elephant, I’d swear it.” With a flick of her wrist, she conjured a dazzling yellow flame which engulfed her hand then quickly doused the glowing mucus in the bowl. The goo lit up like banana flambé before disintegrating into a pile of orange dust. Ivy held up the Tibetan bowl that was now filled with fluorescent saffron embers. Her face was positively glowing with pride when she turned to look down at me and frowned.
“Damn Jess,” she sucked a breath in through her teeth, “you got splotched, badly.”
“Splotched?” I rubbed a hand over my face but didn’t feel anything was lumpy or burned.
“Your face is a fine shade of road cone orange.” She took my hand, hauling me upright and tugging me to the mirror in the hall.
“It’s glowing,” I whispered in disbelief at my reflection, “like a crossing light.” It was as if someone drew a massive squid onto my face and neck and used it as a safety sign.
Her hand distractedly caressed her swollen belly. “I’ll see what kind of damage control I can conjure up.”
“Can’t I just wash it off?” I laughed nervously.
“Regular saffron, yes. Possessed saffron is just a tad different.” Her finger and thumb were almost touching but her wincing told me the difference was like saying Mercury and Pluto were a tad distant from one another. “I’m really sorry. I know you explained how to use the Hell Fire energy when you gave it to me, but I just messed up.”
 “Do I even want to know why you wanted to infuse demon energy into a perfectly normal plant?” I followed her back to the kitchen.
“Nope. And I’d prefer we keep this between us.” She began putting a slew of jars in front of me. “I’ll make a salve that should diminish the intensity of the dye on your face. It won’t take long to create, but you’ll have to wear it for several hours, so I hope you don’t have anything else planned today.”
“Not really. But, I’m staying at The Yards. For now,” I added at her widening eyes. “This is going to be hard to pass off.”
“Explain to me why you’re on enemy turf.”
 Ivy wasn’t aware of how tough things had gotten, so I gave a heavily edited version of events. “Anyway, working for Zeke is a means to an end. Getting my ink business back on track and having my name unsullied are my only goals right now. That’s why I stopped by. I’m completely out of Cincis and need everything you’ve got.”
“You should’ve come straight here,” she said with sincerity. “You didn’t have to go to Zeke.”
I wanted to say I didn’t go to Zeke, but thought better of it. “That’s really sweet of you Ivy, but your coven and I aren’t what you’d call compatible. And besides, with that little baby witch on the way, they’ll basically be living here. Not a good combo.”
“Still, we could’ve worked something out.” With a frown she pointed to my wrist. “Did he make you swear fealty?”
“Goddess, no! Living in The Yards is just mandatory while I’m working for him.”
“Doing what exactly? Making ink?”
“I’m not sure yet. He was a no-show for the first meeting.”
“That’s odd.”
“Well, I’m not complaining because it gave me time to come and see you. And boy, am I glad I did?! You look great.” I pulled out a chair for her to sit down. “So, you ready for the big day?”
“I certainly am more than ready to bring this little witch boy into the world,” she smiled lovingly while palming both sides of her rotund belly. Ivy wasn’t alluding to who the father was, so I decided not to ask. “The high priestess announced her prediction in the circle last night,” she giggled. “I’ll deliver in three weeks and one day.”
“Now there’s precision for you! You’re going to make a great mom.”
Water brimmed in her eyes as a look of sadness swept across her features. “Hormones!” She laughed and rubbed the moisture from her cheeks. “Come on! Let’s get you de-saffroned.”
The entrance to The Yards had an invisible magical barrier, as solid as a cement wall, and was manned round the clock by Zeke’s men. All loyal and ‘crested’ subjects passed through it on a daily basis and hardly felt the slight magical hum. If you weren’t ‘crested,’ or had somehow fallen into Zeke’s bad books then the barrier blocked you in the same way concrete would. I encountered the obstruction full force on my return from Ivy’s.
Staggering back, a little dazed from the collision, I rubbed the bump on my forehead and squinted as bright lights illuminated the area. Several members of Zeke’s security team surrounded me while another colossal guard, sat in a security booth, talking on the phone. The intensity of the lights was painful and I shaded my eyes from the glare.
The towering shifter exited the kiosk and approached me as he spoke on the phone. “Yep, it’s her alright.” There was another pause as he listened to whoever was giving him instructions. “The brand?” He reached out and grabbed my arm. “I see it. Yeah, on her wrist. It’s glowing…..uhm… and so is her face.” He leaned in closer, “like a damn glow-worm, sir.”
After saying ‘okay’ about five times, he hung up then directed me to a bench near the booth. “Sit yerself down there, young lady.” He tucked his thumbs into the loops of his belt and stood with his feet shoulder width apart. “Big guy’s on his way and from his tone, I’d say you’re in a whole heap of trouble.” He registered the fleeting fear in my eyes and shook his head slightly. “It’s never a good thing to piss off Zeke.”
“Thanks for the head’s up,” I replied while crossing my legs and waiting to see why Zeke was so mad. He walked away muttering something I couldn’t hear.
My stomach was doing the wave with anxiousness. I felt like a child waiting for the wrath of a teacher for having played hooky from school. It was totally killing the buzz from my first fun day in almost a year. Despite Ivy’s saffron fiasco, we had a lovely afternoon catching up. I couldn’t resist eventually asking about the father, but she clammed up tight as an oyster and changed the subject by handing me the jar of salve for the glow-in-the-dark splotch.
Extracting the salve from my pocket and applying it liberally, I wondered about Ivy’s baby daddy. From what I knew, she had a strict rule about not dating members of her coven. But at the same time, she didn’t go anywhere without them, so I was curious as to who had gotten her pregnant. The screech of tires pulled me out of my reverie.
A sleek and insanely expensive looking sports car halted right in front of the bench. Zeke got out, but didn’t close the door. He stalked over, looking very much predatory.
“Where were you?” he asked calmly, but I’d be a fool to believe he was anything but spitting mad. “I left explicit instructions to wait until I got you from the apartment.”
I pointed to the bump above my eye, “I don’t think the all-access-pass is working. Does it take twenty-four hours to activate?” Maybe it was unwise to change the subject, but I felt scared. I mean, what did I do that was so wrong? Nervousness was making me feel giggly again.
“What happened to your face? Why is it orange?”
I pressed my lips together to suppress a smile. “What happened to yours? Why is it red?”
He rolled his eyes before moving to the side. “Get in the car. We’ll discuss this in private.”
“Yep, sure.” I shot up and turned in the direction of the car. Suddenly there was a whoosh of air and movement. I found myself in the passenger seat with the safety belt strapped in. He was at the wheel and had already started the engine.
“I’m in a hurry,” he said evenly, but his ticking jaw told me he was fuming.
I couldn’t understand what had him so riled. Had missing the appointment been so terrible? “It’s a good thing you’re behind the wheel then,” I tittered to diffuse the situation. But it seemed to add fuel to his fire because his reaction was to shift gear and accelerate noisily.
We were in a small, Zen-like conference room behind Jimmy’s bar. Beautiful and unusual bonsai trees peppered the space and I felt really tempted to get a closer look, but the atmosphere wasn’t Zen-like, so I kept my arms folded across my chest. A sombre Shay and Jonah stood by the closed door, neither of them establishing eye-contact with me. Probably an accurate indicator of how much trouble I was in.
“Please sit,” Zeke gestured to the chair at his right.
I sat down then remembered taking the truth serum, but I couldn’t be a hundred percent sure it was here. I’d have to ask him about that later.
“Where did you go today?” He pushed a writing pad and pen across the table. “I want you to list every place in chronological order.”
“Outside The Yards. Why?” I wasn’t trying to be smart, or rude, but once you’ve been falsely accused of something, you become economical with information until you fully understand the situation.
“I won’t ask again.” The threat was different this time. He seemed stressed. I’d pushed him to his limit.
I squeezed my arms tighter against me, feeling a familiar sense of dread. “This isn’t because I didn’t wait in the apartment, right?”
He leaned back casually like he was settling in to watch a movie, but he was far from calm. “I ask the questions here, Miss Darrows. It would be in your interest to be truthful.”
Ignoring the pad, I began to recite my movements. “I left the apartment about quarter to eight this morning then went to the Bayside Beans Café. But you already know this because I told one of your men. It was the same guy who delivered your instructions about waiting in the apartment.”
“And why did you not adhere to those directives?”
“I only went across the street for goodness sake! Even the guard said it would be okay. I waited for over two hours, texted and phoned you multiple times but you didn’t reply. So, I went and hung out with the humans for the day.”
“I texted you to meet me in my office.”
“No message came in and I didn’t delete anything. Check for yourself,” I said while sliding my phone across the table.
He verified his log against mine, registering all my attempts to reach him. “There must be a data issue with your service provider because mine shows the text was delivered.” He returned my phone. “I’ll have you switched to our network.” His hand gestured toward my face. “Now, what happened here?”
“Fiasco at a beauty salon.”
He gripped the bridge of his nose while speaking. “Jess, this is serious, I need the truth.”
A very worrying feeling made my brain feel it was on fire. “Zeke, you’re scaring me. Why am I being interrogated? If there were restrictions on my movements, why wasn’t it stipulated in the not-so-detailed contract?” I could feel anxiety churning like molten lava in my gut, but I learned when being questioned, remaining calm was key.
Zeke’s jaw clenched a few times. Again, it was the only indication his smooth demeanour was just a façade. “Sam was murdered today. His body was found in his apartment.”
“Sam? The bartender?” I looked at everyone. Jonah nodded solemnly. “Oh no!” My hand covered my mouth in shock. He’d seemed like such an easy-going man. Far too laid back to have any enemies. “I can’t believe it! Who would’ve hurt him?”
Zeke glanced over his shoulder. “Search her bag.”
“What? Why?!!” I balked in disbelief.
“Because your ink was used on the curse that killed him.”
“My….my ink? How is that even possible? What little ink I have, I left in my apartment. And the door was locked.” I tried to think if I locked it properly. “There must be others who’d have access. I mean, someone left my bags there only yesterday while I was out.”
“Just the usual stuff, keys, tampons and this,” Jonah said holding up the tub of salve, Ivy’s parting gift. The bag of Cincis, along with a small scoop of possessed saffron, was safely tucked away in the tiny storage space I’d rented under an assumed name. Luckily, I’d gone with my gut instinct about trusting nobody at The Yards and stored the supplies on my way back from Ivy’s.
“Who made this?” Zeke asked while cautiously smelling the cream.
“Don’t know. I got it from a street vendor in Fern View Square.”
“Fern View? What were you doing there?”
“Buying the salve.” I pushed my hands through my hair. “Correct me if I’m wrong, but I get the impression I’m under suspicion of murder, again.”
“We’re only questioning you, Jess, not accusing you. There’s a difference.”
“And you’ve established what? That I didn’t know to report leaving the area and I carry facial cream? I’d say you should start gathering the pitchforks and rounding up the villagers because that sounds murderous to me.”
“Let’s go check the ink in your apartment,” Zeke said standing. He put his hand gently around my upper arm and we filed out behind Shay and Jonah.
“Yeah, this doesn’t feel like you’re accusing me at all,” I deadpanned, but they ignored me.
The search of my place wasn’t long or complicated. Shay swept through the rooms with a nose capable of detecting smells none of us could imagine existed. The bulk of his time was spent around the three bottles of ink still sitting in my tote. He stopped sniffing at the dark blue bottle, pulled off the cap and oscillated his nostrils over the opening.
“It’s got Sam’s scent on it,” he informed Zeke, who for some reason was still holding my arm. He must have been afraid I was going to disappear into thin air. “Jess’ scent is the predominant one, naturally, but this ink was definitely used on Sam.”
If I’d felt they trusted me, I’d have explained that I knew which one had been used to hurt Sam as soon as he opened it. I was intrinsically called to all ink that I created. If it was interfered with, I could sense it. That’s how I knew Ling had one bottle left, and where he kept it. But right now, with the accusatory looks I was getting, I preferred to remain quiet. The evidence would speak for itself, eventually. I hoped.
“That the only one?” Zeke enquired.
“Yeah, none of the others were touched.”
“Okay. Check the footage. See if anyone came in or out of here. Include window entry too and call me if you find anything.”
“Will do, Zeke.”
 “Good job tonight, guys.” The simple praise had both men contentedly nodding their heads in muted appreciation.
When the door closed behind them, I didn’t know how he’d react. I could sense the anger was still there, simmering, but at the same time I felt he wouldn’t hurt me. “Sit down, Jess.” He motioned toward the expansive sectional in the living room, but I didn’t budge. “Please,” he added as an afterthought.
Wordlessly, I made my way over and settled on the edge of the seat. A part of me wanted to burst into tears, but I’d done so much crying when I was first accused of Bossman’s death, I was just all cried out.
He removed a tiny vial of clear liquid from his jacket pocket. “What’s that?” My tone was ripe with suspicion and if I was being honest, fear.
“It’s okay. It’s just the remnants of the truth serum from all three of you. Now hang on! Don’t get all bug-eyed on me. I don’t want you to drink it, but if I place it on your skin it will give you the perspective each one of you had on that night.”
“So, you think I killed Sam, but you want me to continue helping you?” My eyebrows rose, my chin dipped in disbelief. “Are you out of your mind?”
He glanced away, a shadow of guilt in his expression caught in the lamp’s soft glow. “Everyone is being questioned, Jess. You’re no different.”
“But I’m top of the suspect list.”
“There’s no top or bottom. We’ve a list, we’re working through it.”
“So why the potion thing again? Didn’t you get all the answers the first time?”
“Like I explained yesterday, Cato got the answers he wanted. It helped get him off my back, but this here,” he raised the vial, “will give the same details as if you’re looking at the scene itself, but from each person’s perspective.” He rubbed a hand through his hair and blew out a long breath. “Look, Meat is dead and Boa’s loyalties lie with Cato, so you’re my only option.” He leaned his arms on his thighs. “I managed to get a sort of a magical extension on the serum’s shelf life, so we’ve probably less than thirty minutes left, tops. I was hoping we’d have more time, but you were…away.”
I decided to ignore the jab otherwise we’d be looping pointlessly. “That’s not enough time to go through each version. Collectively it was a three hour event.”
“I’m hoping you can catch what you can while you’re ‘in there,’ so to speak.”
With time ticking away, I knew it would be a waste not to use every last drop of the draught and extract as much information as possible. “Okay, I’ll take it. But next time, just talk to me before assuming I’ve gone and done something. And don’t throw me in your car like that again.” He nodded his understanding, so I pushed my arm out for him to hand me the bottle.
For some reason he poured the few drops of remaining liquid on my inner wrist, right over the healing skin of the brand. The fragile pink flesh of each letter sizzled as vapour wafted up from the wound. I couldn’t help the harsh hiss that slipped between my clenched teeth, as I threw him a glare of what the hell?
“I swear, I didn’t think it would sting so much!” His shocked features told me he was being truthful.
“Of all the places to -” and then the room tilted and I wasn’t on the couch any more. I was in a dark tunnel with a distant circular light up ahead.
“Jess! Jess, what’s wrong?” I felt Zeke’s hand shake my shoulder, I heard his voice, but I couldn’t see him. I was walking toward the light. “Jess…dammit! C’mon, talk to me.”
I wanted to answer but I was free falling down the rabbit-hole.
Chapter 4
My body was semi-reclined, my forearm exposed. I could feel scratching on my skin, but it wasn’t in the area Zeke had branded my name. It was just below my elbow. I peered down and saw my arms were hairy and I had tattoos that I’d never had etched on me before. I instantly recognized them. They belonged to a man I knew to be dead.
Bossman! I was in Bossman’s body?
Stealing a glance to the right, I saw the top of Meat’s head as he worked away, carefully applying the ink into my arm. This wasn’t possible. Need to get a grip. Breathe deeply. Think rationally.
This must be a dream. It has to be a dream.
Breathe deeply. Think rationally.
This isn’t real. This is the potion working.
Yes! I remembered absorbing the remaining elixir. Okay, so this was Bossman’s perspective? How the hell did that happen? It was supposed to be a view from Boa, Meat’s and my perspective. Did Zeke know this was going to happen? He didn’t appear to have been lying earlier. Maybe whatever was done to extend the serum’s shelf life screwed with the concoction and now……….I was trapped inside a crime lord.
Shit!
Breathe deeply. Think rationally. Find a way out.
Before I could decipher what to do, I felt myself submerging deeper into Bossman’s psyche. I struggled to crawl away, but the grip it had on me was ironclad. I was completely stuck with no choice but to enter fully into his body and mind. I prayed to a Goddess who no longer heard my voice, to help me come away from this emotionally unscathed. Knowing I couldn’t fight it, I accepted being inside the crime lord’s body and the merge happened with a jolt.
The whirr of the tattoo gun sent a sentiment of deep satisfaction through me. The new ink was coming along nicely. Meat was a fucking talented guy, but he’d got a monkey on his back tonight. I could smell it off him. The boy needed some vamp blood and pussy to put him right. I’d be getting some pussy myself after this. Kelsey was coming around later and I was going to fuck her into next week. No more trusting bitches. Got me nowhere.
I could smell Chana’s blood growing warmer in the glass. Stupid bitch. She wouldn’t be growing warm ever again. Fucking thief. Thought I wouldn’t notice she was skimming some bills for herself. She’d denied it too, even when I plunged the blade into her neck. The stupid cunt couldn’t fucking steal from me now. A chuckle escaped me and Meat looked up.
“You alright, man?”
“Couldn’t be better son. Work away.” Boa had immediately checked on me, but I gave him the nod, that all was well. He did a smashing job today with Chana’s body and he’d be getting a big fucking bonus for it. The man could hide evidence better than a fucking squirrel. I could see him eyeing up Jess, the ink-maker, beside him on the couch. Fucking odd bitch. Her ink was stellar, but there was something fucking off about her. Couldn’t put my finger on it. No matter, she’d managed to seal Chana’s blood into the ink, thinking I was doing it as an act of love. HA! Fucking act of loathing more like it.
Boa got up, gave me the nod he was going for a piss. The ink-maker was reading through some fucking magazine shit and not saying a word. Looked like she didn’t even want to be here, but I’d paid her enough to make sure the blood and ink were mixed in right through to the end. She’d checked the ink twice since Meat started inking. She’d better examine it again soon, the stupid bitch.
I’d have to call Cato to see how it went tonight. Pappy better have paid up or he was gonna be minus a business and a pair of legs. I’d have to call Big Poh too. He wouldn’t be happy about not being in on the ring. But too fucking bad. I didn’t trust the fucker not to kill the girls while fucking ‘em. He’d killed enough as it is. I’d more bodies in The Patch than I fucking did in The Flagstone. Fucking stupid asshole.
Boa held a phone in front of me with a text message from Cato on the screen. Fucking Pappy didn’t pay. I nodded to Boa and he returned to the couch. Fucking Cato the asshole!! He’d been dropping the ball a lot lately. And I didn’t believe it had to do with that new piece of tail that was warming his bed. My gut was telling me he was fucking me over. Boa had suggested it, said something wasn’t right –
The ink maker appeared by my shoulder, her hand resting on the chair’s headrest. “Everything okay?”
Stupid fucking bitch. “Check the ink, honey,” I winked. She smiled, but it was as fake as Kelsey’s fucking rack. “Wanna make sure everything’s taking as it should.” I didn’t want Chana haunting my fucking bones in the middle of the night.
She snapped on gloves and inspected each tub as well as Meat’s work. “Meat’s spell is taking to the base really well.”
“It’s looking wicked,” Meat grinned then continued on tattooing.
The Ink maker said nothing and stepped out of my line of sight, but I could feel the bitch hovering behind my chair. Weird cunt.
Hey! What the fuck was that?? My neck! The fucking ink maker prodded my – can’t breathe! I can’t breathe. Help!!!! I can’t fucking move!! Meat!!!! Boa! Boa!
With death imminent, Bossman’s psyche’s hold relinquished, somewhat, and I recognized my identity as Jess Darrows. I was never so glad to feel myself again. But his grip would not yield completely. He saw me as the cause of his death and was trying to drag me along with him. There was no way I was spending another minute in that man’s mind. It was evil and corrupt on a scale that wasn’t even conceivable.
I fought with endless kicks and punches to pull away from him but it was like stepping in industrial strength glue and trying to make a run for it. Looking up, I realized my position wasn’t as far along the tunnel as I thought. The light up on top was nearing somehow. With the surface in sight, I fought the sticky matter with all my might until I managed to break free. A thick layer of sweat covered me and when my fingers grasped the edge of the tunnel opening, they began slipping. Using both feet against the walls of the tunnel to prop myself upright, I wiped my hands along my trousers, swung my arms upward and hooked on to the edge. Inching my feet up simultaneously, I hoisted myself out and lay there, gasping for breath.
“Jess!” Zeke’s voice pierced through the noise of me gulping in air. “You’re okay,” he sighed as if relieved. “You’re back.” It sounded like he needed to say it to convince himself.
I assessed my surroundings and registered I was in the bedroom of my new apartment - not inside Bossman anymore. I wasn’t dying. I was back in my own body. Was that what Zeke meant when he said I was back? Had he known what would happen?
My hand passed over my face and it came away wet. That’s when I noticed everything felt drenched through. I took in my outfit. An oversized t-shirt with Zeke’s distinct scent covering me and that was the extent of it. No underwear.
His hands gently clasped my shoulders and sat me upright. With one hand splayed on my back to keep me in position, his other hand stuffed several pillows behind me for comfort.
 “What happened to my clothes?” why was my voice like I was a three-pack-a-day smoker?
“I took them off, Hon.” Katy, Zeke’s sister appeared in the doorway.
“Why?”
Zeke stood up.”I’ll be back in a few minutes. I won’t be far.” His tone was protective. “Okay?”
“She’s fine, Zeke,” Katy offered soothingly.
Carrying a basin with a hand-towel draped over her arm, her smile was warm despite the tinge of worry wrinkling her brow. Long blond wavy locks fell low on her arms. Her simple, white v-necked t-shirt and jeans looked like they cost more than what Ling paid for my best ink. Despite the obvious high quality threads, she still somehow managed to look like she belonged in a meadow of sunflowers. Maybe it was the bare feet?
“What happened?” I asked.
“Your body temperature was through the roof, he had to put you in an ice bath.”
“He?” Please don’t say Zeke, please don’t say Zeke.
“Zeke,” she shrugged. “I couldn’t carry you,” she chuckled while setting the basin on the bedside table. A cold compress was laid against my forehead, as she flashed mischievous green eyes at me. “Besides, it’s not like he hasn’t seen a naked woman before.”
My reluctance to be seen naked by Zeke had nothing to do with modesty. Well, that’s what I told myself. Dammit, why the hell was I blushing?
“I wouldn’t have pegged you for the bashful sort, Jess.” Her tone was teasing, but it was a friendly jibe. “Then again, the badass ones can be a bit of a surprise sometimes. And don’t look like you don’t know what type you are. You’ve got renegade written all over you.” A smile tugged at her lips as she quickly glanced over her shoulder then whispered, “Although some may only see the angel in you.”
What??
“Thank you, Katy,” Zeke’s deep voice sounded his return. His expression appeared neutral, so, if he’d seen something strange while I was naked, he was hiding it well; really well.
“Sure,” Katy smiled. “Jess, I left some fresh clothes for you in the bathroom. Best wash as soon as you can. You’ll be more comfortable now that your temperature is back to normal.”
I nodded my thanks and waited for them both to leave the room. Zeke remained where he was, framing the doorway with a casual pose, even after Katy closed the front door. His gaze felt too intense to meet, so I straightened out the wrinkles on the sheet, waiting for him to lob questions at me faster than bullets from a gun.
“How are you feeling?”
Okay…wasn’t expecting that, or the level of concern he was giving off. Conducting a quick internal assessment, I could say I was fine; shaky and soaked through, but considering I almost spontaneously combusted, all was well, at least physically. Mentally was another story. From what the potion revealed, I’d murdered the crime lord as sure as the sun set in the sky.
Yeah, right! I didn’t believe that for a second. I’d never committed murder or any crime. Well, I did steal all the Jelly Jangers from the ‘confiscated’ drawer in Mrs. Charles’ office at the orphanage, but that woman knew nothing about flimsy locks and the power of a sugar craving. But stealing confectionary and committing murder was quite the leap. Not impossible, technically, but I didn’t, or couldn’t take a life. Still, Bossman believed I’d killed him. If I told Zeke that, he’d have me before the Magistrar as quick as a hot knife through butter. I needed time to sort out the details and get my story straight so I didn’t reek of bullshit.
“I’m feeling okay, I guess. I do need a shower, though.”
“I’ll put on some coffee while you do that.” He paused mid-turn. “You can manage by yourself, right?”
“Yes!” I exclaimed. “I’m good, thanks.” His offer of assistance was strange indeed.
“You were in Bossman’s head? You lived his death?” His expression wasn’t so neutral now that he learned where I’d ended up.
We sat facing one another at the breakfast bar and I was devouring a delicious omelette he’d conjured up from somewhere. While showering, I’d decided my best bet was to stay as close to the truth as possible and only omit the part where I supposedly killed the crime lord.
“Why do you think that happened?”
I’d deciphered that to mean, did you mess with the potion you gave me? “Can’t say.” I shrugged.
He watched me closely and I wasn’t sure what held his attention. Maybe it was the fact that Ivy’s salve had worked to perfection and I wasn’t security orange anymore. It certainly wasn’t my womanly wiles. Wet tendrils of hair dripped along my back because I hadn’t bothered blow-drying or combing it. Worn yoga pants and a baggy t-shirt completed an ensemble that was more Dumpster than Diva. He looked the pinnacle of put-togetherness. A crisp white shirt, sharp grey dress pants and shoes buffed to shiny perfection. And whatever cologne he’d splashed on enhanced the whole Zeke package that was, admittedly, extremely pleasant.
“Who provided you the draught?” I wondered if it was the same witch whom Semyon said had concocted the truth-questing serum.
He topped up our coffees and, with a brief smile, replied, “Can’t say.” His nonchalant manner would’ve been believable if it wasn’t for the tense tick of his jaw.
“What can you say?”
“That it came from someone I trust, implicitly, and there aren’t too many of those around.”
My fork paused midway to my mouth in disbelief. “So you’re saying, you didn’t expect me to have Bossman’s perspective?”
“Correct. The potion was designed to garner the truth from the living, not the dead.”
“And you think I caused this reaction?”
“Probably, but perhaps unintentionally.”
“Then why didn’t it happen the first time I quested? What changed this time?”
“You think I doctored the mixture?” The question was a challenge, but he remained so calm, he could have been asking if I enjoyed my meal.
I pushed away my plate, my appetite nose-diving. “The thought had crossed my mind.”
“Well I didn’t interfere with it in any way. I give you my word on that. Again.” He drained the last of his coffee and pushed the mug away. Leaning back in his chair, he passed his fingers over his stubbled chin. “Look, I’ll check out the anomaly on the extension spell for the serum. It may take a while, but I’ll let you know as soon as I get anything back.”
It was an olive branch, a small one, but I took it so we could get this meeting over with. “Alright.” It wasn’t a very enthusiastic response.
“Alright,” he parroted with a suppressed smile.
“So I guess we’re done for now?” I wanted him to leave, but suspected the question and answer period wasn’t over. I stood up to clear the table.
“Leave that, Jess.” His palm covered my wrist while motioning me to the living room. “Let’s hear what else you learned about Bossman while in his head.”
I settled onto the furthest end of the sectional, pulling my feet under me. Thankfully, he took the armchair across from me. I didn’t need him in close proximity again. It was hard to focus and I felt my guard slipping, which wasn’t a good thing.
“Right, so why don’t you tell me again what you saw.”
I described in detail everything from going down the strange, dark tunnel to the sudden jab in the neck that led to Bossman’s death, but omitted how he believed I was the killer. Zeke, for his part, only interrupted a couple of times either to clarify some details, or to confirm the names of the people Bossman was dealing with. He was especially interested in Big Poh.
“….. and after getting out of the tunnel, I heard you calling my name and that was it, I guess.”
“Did he know the identity of his killer?”
I’d read somewhere that people were sometimes caught out in a lie because they responded too quickly. I made sure to ponder his query before answering indirectly. “Bossman seemed shocked and didn’t know what was happening to him and then it was over in a matter of seconds.”
He leaned back with a heavy sigh. “That leaves us with more questions than answers.”
“Why are you pursuing this so much anyway?” It didn’t make sense that a man with no apparent connection to Bossman - if anything he was a rival - was so invested in finding the culprit. “It’s not like he’s an upstanding member of society, if the amount of graves he’s dug is anything to go by.”
Zeke tilted his head slightly, considering me at length. I was sure he wasn’t even going to answer, but, eventually, he came to some sort of a decision. “It’s having an impact on me and mine and that’s all I can say.”
Pfffft! That told me nothing. And I didn’t believe it was solely because of Meat being involved. But what did I expect from someone who considered me capable of killing not one, but two men. Yeah, I was done here. “Well,” I said standing up, “I hope you find the guilty party.” Maybe my tone was a little dismissive, but I’d had enough and was itching to be gone from this place. I just wanted to pick up the supplies I’d stashed at my rental space and start making ink again. “I’m sure this fulfils the conditions of the contract.” I didn’t say I’d truth-quested not once but twice and almost died. “You have my number if there’s anything else.”
“What do you think you’re doing?”
I hadn’t taken more than two steps on my way to the bedroom. Turning around, I found him facing me, the distance a tad close for a business discussion. “I was just going to get my stuff and leave.”
“Why? You’re still contractually bound,” he replied, the hard set of his jaw revealing his discontent.
“Are you…you’re serious?” I folded my arms under my chest, but didn’t widen the space between us. Part of me said it was because I enjoyed his spicy fragrance far too much.
“Deadly.”
“What else could you possibly want me to do, Zeke, resurrect the man?!”
“If it gets me answers, nothing is off limits.”
“Sorry, but I’m not a necromancer.”
“Your obligation to me still stands. Anyway, you’ll need to remain here until Sam's murderer has been found.”
“You still think I did that?”
He ignored my ire. “Ever heard of Tapst?”
“No.” I responded after a moment of reflection.
“It’s a venom – comes from the togi spider. That’s what was found in Sam’s system. That’s what killed him. It entered his body by way of your ink. His death was quick, but excruciatingly painful. Someone deliberately sought to kill him in a most cruel way, someone with knowledge of the chemical components of Tapst venom.”
Chemical components? “I didn’t hurt Sam and I’ve never heard of Tasp. I’d be incapable of inflicting something so horrific.”
“It’s Tapst.” He corrected softly. “But you can understand it doesn’t look good for you.”
“It hasn’t looked good for me in close to a year. I’ve maintained my innocence where Bossman is concerned and I’ll do the same concerning Sam’s murder.”
He kept his curious regard trained on me for a long moment before nodding silently. “I’ll need you to examine Meat, Boa’s and your statements from the truth-questing in order to compare everything you experienced as Bossman just now. I’ll drop off their statements tomorrow a.m. Note any discrepancies and report back to me tomorrow night.”
He left before I could protest.
“Oh, thank you, Honey,” Jimmy said throwing the young Bayside Beans waiter a tense smile as he placed our orders on the bistro table. Her make-up was lighter than usual and her eye-lashes were barely longer than normal. For the first time since I’d known her, she wore black. The black three-quarter length pin box dress screamed haut-couture. Matching silk gloves and a neck scarf completed the elegant outfit that made her look cat-walk perfect. Next to her, I looked more alley-cat perfect with worn blue jeans, a baggy grey t-shirt and sneakers, but I’d ink-making as my goal for the day, so, I was suitably attired. I’d been heading toward The Yards’ exit when the Jinn shanghaied me into having a chat.
“Are you okay, Jimmy?”
“Mmmhhmm.” She waved a hand to swat away any concern. “Now, let’s get the nasty-nasty outta the way.” She produced a large taupe envelope from a tote that looked like it cost what my annual income used to be. “Zeke said he already gave you instructions on what you’re to do with this. Aaaaaand, he’ll see you tonight at the bar for a report? That sound ‘bout right?”
“Sure.” I tucked the documents into my back-pack knowing there was no way I’d have time to complete the Boa/Meat/Jess//Bossman analysis and create a batch of ink. The latter was more important, so I’d have to find a way around submitting it.
“Now, tell me, how are things up in pent-house land?” Jimmy gave a little wiggle of anticipation like one about to get an exclusive on some hot gossip. “You and I were supposed to be neighbours, but next thing I know, he went and moved you up to the top floor.” Her voice deepened. “What? Why are you looking at me funny? Have I something between my teeth?”
A big set of perfect pearly whites were an inch from my eyes in a heartbeat. “No,” I gently pushed her shoulder and she sat straight. “I’m just wondering why put the note on my mirror telling me you were next door when we weren’t even on the same floor?” The frown knitting her sculpted brows told me I’d been the brunt of a practical joke. “It wasn’t you, was it?”
“After the truth-questing potion kicked in and knocked you out, Shay, Jonah and I carried you to the apartment next to mine. I stayed with you for a while to make sure you didn’t pop your clogs and put the note on the mirror. I figured the bathroom gonna be the first place you’d need to go when you woke up.”
“So how did I end up on the top floor?”
Jimmy smoothed her sculpted eyebrow while containing a smile. “Zeke came in while I was watching over you, said he’d take over and then I left.”
“So he took me and the note upstairs? Yeah, that doesn’t sound believable at all.”
“Nobody stays on the top floor without his say so.” She sat back with a satisfied look. “It was definitely him. He must really want to keep you close.”
Close? Yeah, to keep an eye on me.“And the note?”
“Maybe he wanted you showing up at his door thinking you were going to meet me.”
“Why?” I pressed.
“I dunno. A laugh? He does have a sense of humour, Jess.”
“Can’t say I’ve seen that side of him.” I’d seen him mad, bossy, accusatory, controlling, but not fun. “Do you know he thinks I killed Sam? Probably believes I’ll take out someone else too.”
Jimmy jerked her head away pretending to be interested in the parasol shading us from the morning sun. And that’s when I saw it, the sadness, the short eye-lashes, the dark clothing; she was mourning Sam. “Oh Jimmy, I’m so sorry. That was really insensitive of me. I didn’t mean-”
She dabbed away the moisture from her cheeks with a linen handkerchief. “I needs to go.” With a shake of her head, she stood, threw some bills on the table and left.
Damn! I’d thoroughly put my foot in it this time. Grabbing my bag, I ran after her, but she had disappeared into thin air. There was no point in looking for her. Jinns found you, you did not find them. I left her an apologetic voice mail as I exited The Yards.
It was well after midnight when I returned. My energy was thrumming happily from having spent a blissful day creating ink. I’d retrieved Ivy’s supplies from the storage space then rented a utility room in an industrial building on the outskirts of the human area. I’d immersed myself entirely in the process and forgot about the world around me. In my back-pack a new batch of ink, I’d aptly named Insouciant, hummed with a breezy, happy-go-lucky vibe. Even the remnant ink embedded under my nails spoke of the buoyancy and fun its recipients would feel when ink and user meshed. If asked, I’d have to admit it was currently influencing my mood. I certainly wasn’t feeling insouciant when I set out to make new ink. I’d had Jimmy’s pain about Sam’s death on my mind, and yet, the end product was a large bottle of sublime happiness.
Go figure.
Back in my early ink-making days at the academy - the school run by the orphanage - I’d tried to make the type of ink I wanted and it always turned out badly. I didn’t know what I was doing wrong until the old custodian, Parsons, discreetly mentioned letting the ink do its thing. His advice changed, not only the process, but the outcome, irrevocably.
 “Hey Jess!” Shay called. He and Jonah were lounging casually near the security guard’s booth, talking to one of the men on duty. “We were wondering when you’d get back.”
Judging from the amount of take-out containers piled on the bench, they’d been there for a while. That meant Zeke had sent them to escort me as soon as I returned. No doubt I was in the dog house, again. But I didn’t care. He’d probably get mad and then it’d be over. Nothing to worry about, right? Plus Shay and Jonah’s demeanour didn’t seem as sombre as last night. Did that mean I was no longer a suspect?
“This your local diner?” I quipped teasingly. “Interesting place.”
The guards chuckled while Jonah frowned with feigned affront, but his lips wrinkled from suppressing a smile. “Girl, we waited here for hours for you.”
“We sent you five texts!” Shay extended his phone as proof.
“I turned mine off this morning.” I tugged the device from my back-pack pocket and powered it up.
“The rule is, you keep your phone on at all times,” Shay explained.
I checked my display screen and saw three messages from Shay and two from Zeke. “Sorry,” I shrugged. “Didn’t know you wanted to meet up.”
Jonah held out his hand to take my phone. “I’ll add our numbers to your contacts. Should’ve done this sooner.”
“That’s not necessary.”
“Yes it is. And you have to actually answer it if we call,” Shay continued.
“Okay,” I handed it over to Jonah “I’ll agree,” I joked, “but only because I’m feeling good.”
Shay shook his head. “Not for long you’re not.”
“Really?” My shoulders slumped. “He’s mad again?”
“Yep,” Jonah affirmed.
“Where is he?”
“Jimmy’s bar,” Shay responded. “And Jess? He’s not a happy camper - says you were gone all day and you’re late with some report.”
 Zeke’s envelope was still tucked away in a pocket of my bag. I’d considered reading Meat and Boa’s versions of Bossman’s demise, but I’d been feeling too happy to delve into such a bleak task. Still, while still coasting on my insouciant mood, I felt positive that a new deadline could be negotiated. “Take me to your fearless leader.”
As a child, when the orphanage would take down the Yule decorations in early January it signalled an end of the festivities and cast a certain gloom on an already gloomy place. Jimmy’s Bar without Jimmy behind the counter cast the same sense of sombreness. The place just wasn’t the same without her standing there in all her glitz and glamour, doling out love and sass to every client she served. Also absent from the bar was Zeke. Maybe he’d changed his mind about wanting to meet up, which was more than fine with me.
“Maybe he’s not so fearless after all?” I chuckled and sauntered ahead.
Jonah checked his phone. “Change of venue. We’re going to the office.”
Shay hooked his hand lightly around my arm leading me to an area behind the bar. Two seven foot tank-like men stood casually at either end of the counter. It was obvious they were added security. Sam’s murder had everyone on edge and the Shepherd, it seemed, was in damage control.
Zeke stood staring at screens filled with images of different areas of The Yards. His arms were crossed around an expansive chest that was no stranger to the gym. He barely looked up when we entered, giving a dismissive nod that sent Shay and Jonah on their way.
In the silence of the room, I stood there waiting for him to acknowledge me, but didn’t get so much as an hello. I was tempted to dab him with some of my happy ink. Maybe that might change his attitude a bit. He kept his undivided attention on the screen. So, I decided to have a little fun.
Standing beside him, I mimicked his stance by folding my arms, my feet slightly apart and one hand rubbing my chin as I stared ahead at the screen. “Good channel. I prefer HBO myself.”
Looking straight ahead, he said, “Have a seat Miss Darrows.”
Not a good sign if we were back to using my surname. “Ahhmm……I’m okay, I’ll stand.” He’d have his say and then I could get out of here and go to the condo for a long, hot shower, some good food and an early night.
He rounded the desk and sat down. “Where’s the report?” Leaning back in the chair he propped his feet up in a relaxed pose, but his tone was glacial.
Zeke’s mood was dousing the ink’s warm, easy vibe buzzing through me. Logically, I knew it appeared like I’d spent the day skiving off instead of doing what I was being paid to do. But he didn’t know about the compulsion. He didn’t know that to forego making ink would result in me feeling something akin to a bad dose of the flu and I’d get worse each day until I crafted a new batch. If he’d asked why I’d left The Yards, maybe I’d have explained, but his attitude had me clamming up.
“Where’s Jimmy? She’s not at the bar and was upset this morning.”
He obviously hadn’t been expecting that kind of response, but seemed to appreciate my concern for one of his flock. “She’ll be okay. She’s just taking a few days off.”
“Can you tell her I’m here if she needs me? She hasn’t answered any of my texts.”
His eyes studied my ink-stained hands and clothes, messy hair and general state of grunginess. “But you haven’t been here, Jess, have you? Far as I can see, you’ve spent the past two days ‘elsewhere’.”
A year ago, I could have afforded to tell him where to go, but not now. Now, I needed this man because he held the power to get my life out of its current, leper-like, status. Plus, peddling my ink in dingy back alley-ways for a fraction of its cost wasn’t a viable option long term. I hadn’t even managed to hold onto my roach-infested studio in a neighbourhood with a high demographic of criminally insane residents. And, after months of living in poverty, I was getting to like food of the non-ramen-noodle variety. I needed this deal with Zeke and I needed to ensure it didn’t fall through.
“Look I’m really sorry. I made myself available yesterday but when you didn’t show up…. And the analysis requested for tonight didn’t have a specific deadline.”
“I’d said tonight.”
 “Yeah, but remember I did ask for details in that contract. They’re important to avoid such….. unpleasantries.”
 “Perhaps I haven’t been clear enough on the expectations required of you while in my employ. Here, at The Yards, everyone pulls their weight. Everyone supports one another and ignoring responsibilities to run off and play in the muck doesn’t reflect what this community is about.”
Play in the muck!
“That’s what you think? Even after I almost died truth-questing?”
His attention fell to the mound of paper on his desk. “You’d a task to complete and didn’t do it.”
The crux of the matter was, he didn’t trust me. If there was no trust, I couldn’t work for him, no matter how badly I needed his help. I’d finish up things tonight and leave in the morning. “Again, I’m sorry for the delay, but it couldn’t be helped. You’ll have your report in a few hours.” I turned and left. So much for being insouciant!
Back in my apartment, I extracted the envelope from my back-pack, placed it on the table, put on a pot of coffee to stay alert through the night then hopped in the shower to remove the day’s grime. I shampooed my hair and scrubbed my skin pink to ensure no traces of Insouciant remained or it could influence my mood and make compiling the report difficult, or render it of shoddy quality. Dressed in pj’s and armed with strong cup of java as well as the impetus to eradicate my turpitude, I set to work.
Each statement was lined up with the corresponding truth-questing responses. Surprisingly, Boa and Meat had a lot more to say in their testimonies than I had in mine. Even their truth questing was considerably lengthier. What did that say about me? Did it make me appear more suspicious or innocent? If Zeke thought I was guilty, surely he wouldn’t want me conducting this exercise? Or maybe he wanted to catch me out in a lie?
Over four hours later, having combed through all the details, a few small differences stood out. Firstly, Meat’s perception of himself was way off. According to the statement given the night of the murder, he’d described himself as feeling the 3C’s - cool, calm and collected. However, with the truth-questing, he depicted himself as having had only a half dose of vamp blood instead of the whole thing and just wasn’t ‘vibin’. I’d noted he’d appeared on edge and nervous. Bossman deduced that Meat was hooked on vamp blood and needed a dose. Boa’s recounting of that night seemed almost identical to my description except, he said he went to the bathroom once, whereas I noted, in both my statement and the truth questing, that it had been twice. Both Meat and Boa said I checked the ink twice but I’d actually checked it three times. In the end there was nothing significant which could pinpoint a culprit.
We were right back to the proverbial square one.
An hour later, I slipped the hand-written notes of my analysis under Zeke’s door, hoping he could read my writing and that the information met his expectations. He hadn’t provided me formatting or platform specifics, so, I just went with the old tried and true –pen and paper. The last corner of the envelope disappeared out of sight just as the door swung open and a sleepy-eyed, shirtless Zeke stood in the doorway wearing only a track-suit bottom. Maybe it was the fatigue, but my eyes had a long time pulling themselves up from the tower of muscles. The six-pack was extremely well defined, as were the toned pectorals that sat just above my eye level.
“What’s going on?” His tone was a little gruff, but not rude.
“Your report.” My eyes shot upward to meet his. I nodded to the envelope in his hand. “Good night.” Dawn was breaking on the horizon, so, technically I should be saying good morning.
“Jess, wait! Come inside.”
I groaned inwardly. I was beyond exhausted and just wanted to crawl into bed. “You can read through my notes and let me know if you have any questions.”
“It won’t take long, I promise.”
The warmth in his tone was surprising. Sleepy Zeke seemed a lot more affable than alert Zeke. Still, I entered his place with the enthusiasm of one about to have a colonoscopy, but said nothing and stood in the foyer as he closed the door. I hadn’t intended going in any further because that might lead to a longer discussion.
“Please, have a seat.” He motioned toward the living room and I looked longingly at the front door. “Just for a few minutes then you’re free to catch up on your beauty sleep, I promise.”
Was that a joke, or sarcasm? It was impossible to tell with him.
“Give me a second.” He disappeared for a moment then returned wearing a t-shirt. Had I ogled him so much he had to cover up?
Not cool of me.
Curiously though, whatever tattoo I’d felt call to me, wasn’t visible on that area of his body. But there had been a lot of ink, I know it. So was it all over his lower body?
He sat on the edge of the armchair to the right of my position on the couch. “Any leads?”
Oh gawd! He wanted to go through the report now? “I’m afraid, I didn’t find any. You’ll see there were a few differences in our combined statements and truth-questing details. As I said, I’ve noted everything there.” I eyed the pages then glanced at the front door. If I just walked out, would it be perceived as rude? How far would I get before he stopped me? Maybe he wouldn’t stop me at all. It was worth a try.
“You said Bossman felt a jab to the neck?” He peered up from the papers and noticed I’d moved to the edge of the couch. “How long after he felt that stab was he found lifeless? And was Meat the only one with him when it happened? What was yours and Boa’s position at the time?”
There’d be no sleep for a while, so I leaned back on the couch getting as comfortable as possible. “Well, first of all, I don’t know the length of time between him dying and us realizing he was gone - ”
“An approximation then?”
The couch was so comfortable, I found myself lowering into its soft folds as I tried to remain alert enough to respond to Zeke’s questions. “Maybe an hour? But I can’t be sure. I thought the Peace-Keepers provided that kind of information.”
“They established cause and approximate time of death, but that’s all.” He checked through my notes again. I felt my eyes closing in the silence of the room. “Where was Boa when Bossman felt something pierce his neck?”
“Uhm….sitting on the couch.” I felt myself slip lower until I was mostly on my side, my arms tucked under my head. My eyelids felt like five pound weights were hanging off of them.
“And you?”
The unspoken accusation should have roused me into righteous indignation, but sleep was creeping in stealth-like, taking with it any immediate need to declare my innocence. “Checking….ink….”
Freshly percolating coffee pulled me from a deep, restful sleep. I had that languid, serene sensation for all of five seconds then realized I’d spent the night on Zeke’s couch. A thick, warm blanket, which hadn’t been there earlier, enveloped me and a soft downy pillow cradled my head. That was very sweet of him, if I had to say so myself. Too bad he still harboured suspicions about me killing Bossman and Sam.
After quickly folding the blanket, I made my way to the door where a sticky note in his script informed me that the coffee was brewed and warm croissants were in the bread basket. I was to join him at one p.m. for a meeting at 9, Wharf Walkway.
The address seemed familiar, but I couldn’t remember why. It didn’t matter. Right now, I was elated he wasn’t around. Checking the time, I saw I had a whopping thirty minutes to get ready. Not wanting to miss out on fresh brew and croissants, I availed of Zeke’s breakfast, noting he definitely enjoyed the really high quality stuff. Not one to see anything wasted, I packed the two extra pastries to go then returned to my own place next door to freshen up.
Meat’s Tattoo parlour?
That’s why the address rang a bell. Meat had given me his card before we arrived at Bossman’s place on that fateful night. He said he’d just renovated the shop and suggested I should come by to check it out. So, why did Zeke want to meet here? Had he unearthed a clue relating to the murder or murders? Sam’s case was being investigated, but leads were panning out into nothing.
A sign on the glossy black door read: Reopening tomorrow. Same business hours.
Entering the studio, I got the distinct smell of various inks. Some were what I called soulless, or synthetic, and were not recommended for use on shifters. I was surprised to feel them here, unless Meat had a human clientele. The other inks were organic. I recognized their maker’s signatures. Another two belonged to me, Rapture and Revenge. I hadn’t sold them to Meat, so I wondered who he’d purchased them from. They called to me, looking to connect and I had to steer myself away from wanting to rub some on my fingers. As a distraction, I noted the layout of the studio.
 Red brick walls and gleaming black wooden floors lent a trendy, street-style décor to the place, while six fully-equipped and semi-enclosed stations offered partial privacy for their clients. A large section, next to the reception area, served as a comfortable waiting room, as well as a place where clients could browse the artists’ portfolios. A state-of-the-art coffee machine provided a range of hot beverages that catered to both healthy and indulgent tastes. The overall feel was contemporary, clean and efficient.
“You made it.” Zeke emerged from a doorway on the right and rested his shoulder against the jamb. His hands were shoved into the pockets of his black dress pants and the sleeves of his grey shirt were rolled half way up his forearms. He appeared relaxed and I took that to mean he wasn’t mad I’d fallen asleep on his couch. “I wasn’t sure you’d wake up on time to attend the meeting.”
“Yeah….uhm your couch is quite comfortable. Must have a sleeping draught in the cushions too because I couldn’t keep my eyes open.” He chuckled at that and for some unfathomable reason it made butterflies flutter in my stomach. “Thanks for the cover and pillow, too, by the way.”
His face became expressionless. “I had to. Your teeth were chattering so much, I couldn’t get a wink of sleep.”
Oh wow! That moment of levity flat lined fast, and if I were being totally honest, it definitely stung. Whatever his problem was with me, I couldn’t change it, but I’d dispense the same courtesy he was showing me. “It won’t ever happen again. So, why am I here?”
If my firm tone bothered him, it didn’t show. “You saw the note on the door coming in?” His expression said doesn’t that tell you?
“Yep,” my lips popped on the p, as I folded my arms. “I’m not sure what it has to do with me?”
“You’re Meat’s replacement. Effective immediately, you’re The Yards tattooist. His appointments have been uploaded to the system and you will spend the remainder of today confirming all sessions up to month’s end.”
Disbelief can be so jarring it makes your mouth gape open like a water-deprived fish and right now, mine was wide enough to fit a large carp.
“What’s wrong?” There was wariness in his tone.
“This....this wasn’t part of the contract. There’s no -” I stopped and after inhaling deeply and exhaling slowly, said, “perhaps there’s been a misunderstanding, but I make ink, I don’t tattoo.”
“I’ve seen your work. It’s quite good.”
Seen my work? Oh this was bad. He’d obviously done his homework and dug up an incident from my past where I’d made a bit of a buzz in the tattooing world. But that was five years ago and I’d only worked on humans, so no magic was involved. Back then, when my alchemy skills were budding, and the quality of my ink was evolving into something different from the norm, some critic touted it as that of an ink ingénue. But my magic wasn’t mature, wasn’t stable. Of course I didn’t know that and saw no harm in infusing my ink and magic on a shifter for the first time. Sometimes I still hear his screams. I’d learned a hard lesson that day. Ashamed of what I’d done, I put away the tattoo gun and honed my ink-making to perfection. Continuous improvement became my motto. I lived and breathed ink until I crafted something unique which became sought after in certain circles. Some people questioned why I had no tattoos of my own and wondered if I didn’t deem my own ink safe for use. No matter how much I explained myself there were many who doubted my craft. Things suddenly improved when someone representing the Warlocks Society posted that to mix one’s own ink onto oneself would annul one’s own magic. That had been the eraser to the ascribed scarlet letter A I wore. And, while not everyone was forgiving, there were enough believers to enable me to make a comfortable living.
And yet, here I was back in troubled waters, – hotter waters at that. If I started tattooing, we’d have a body count as high as Fern View Square on a Saturday night. I needed to convince him this plan was a bad idea.
“Zeke, I don’t tattoo. I can’t be clearer than that.”
“Really? Want to elaborate?”
“Uhm….my skills lie in ink-making.” His eyes flashed with anger. He knew there was more to this and wasn’t pleased I wasn’t providing the whole story. He didn’t realize what he was asking. I couldn’t come clean and tell him I almost killed the last shifter I tattooed, not when I was already suspected of being involved in Bossman’s murder and, to further incriminate me, my ink was used in Sam’s murder. If I dropped this bomb, I’d be under so much scrutiny they’d be tailing me to the bathroom.
He took a step forward. “So that’s it. An outright refusal? That’s not how it works around here.”
“I’m asking you to believe me.” He probably thought I simply didn’t want to work. “Zeke, it’s not that I don’t want to. I can’t. But, obviously, this is non-negotiable for you, so, I think it’s best that we annul the contract and I leave.”
 He nodded slowly. “Miss Darrows, as of this morning, your debt to Cato has been paid in its entirety.”
My feet stumbled back in shock. “What? Who did that?” I knew the answer already, but I hoped I was wrong. A tight knot lodged firmly in my throat.
“I did.”
“I didn’t ask you to. I told you I’d go through the Magistrar’s office, through official channels.”
“Well, it’s done. I’m the sole owner of your debt.”
“I never wanted that. You had no right. No right!” My head began to spin and tears brimmed in my eyes. “You can’t be serious. This is not good.”
His eyes softened. “Jess, it’s okay. There’s no deadline for repayment. You can take your time to work off your debt here by tattooing. This will go far in re-establishing your reputation across all shifter communities.”
My spine bristled. “You don’t know what you’re asking.”
“Then talk to me,” he pleaded. “I did this to keep you safe. I thought you’d be happy.”
“I’m sorry, but I’m not.”
“Why? Tell me what’s wrong.”
Zeke was not a confidante and I wouldn’t be lulled into telling him my secrets. Although a part of me wanted to open up and just lay it all out on the table. But we didn’t have that type of relationship. If I were being completely honest, I felt owned. It was like he’d swooped in and took away all control I had on my life. It wasn’t an easy life, completely miserable lately, but I was calling the shots. Now it felt like I was his property.
“Why don’t you want to be here?” He seemed truly baffled.
“I didn’t say that. All I said is, I can’t tattoo. But I’ll make the best ink for the shop, or help Jimmy out at the bar. You know, as a compromise.”
“Has this something to do with Cato? He’s out of the picture and we’ve a binding contract the Magistrar can’t negate. Don’t you see how you’re your situation has improved?”
“I don’t-” I let the words drift off my tongue as I met his gaze. He wasn’t happy.
“We open tomorrow. Be here.”
The door slamming on the way out almost brought me to my knees. I gripped my hair and began pacing. I needed a way out of this katzenjammer. He’d paid a debt I’d never asked him to pay and imposed his will on me. He’d just thrown about orders and my will be damned.
I was completely indebted to Zeke now, and, while he didn’t threaten my life, a man like him didn’t run a place like The Yards by being a softy. Dammit! The short reprieve of normalcy I’d experienced over the past couple of days was making this new turn of events harder to swallow than being evicted.
Wallowing wasn’t an option. I didn’t survive injustice and poverty by sitting on my laurels. I needed to find a way out of this. Walking to the reception desk, I sat down and powered on the system. An idea began to form, one where I’d appear to do as he demanded, but not with the result he expected. I was supposed to confirm appointments today - then that’s exactly what I’d do.
It didn’t take long to retrieve the calendar and peruse all the pending requests and work involved. Meat had operated solo, mostly, but he also had three artists who were on call for him. I started by contacting them. They immediately agreed to a return to work. They’d been eager to get back to inking.
Zeke wanted the shop up and running and that’s what he’d get.
It was late when I left the tattoo parlour and food – lots of greasy, comfort food – was all I could think about. There was a pizza place on the way back to the apartment, so I decided to stop there. The low-key, Trattoria style restaurant, Da Nonna, was a love letter to Italy. Old sketches of Rome donned the walls and each bistro table had a gingham covering, complete with a candlestick wedged into used wine bottles. I asked for a seat at the back and was happily led to a booth away from the other diners.
After placing my order, I checked my phone for a message from Jimmy, but there was none. I sent her another text telling her I was thinking of her and if she needed anything at all to let me know. I spent the next hour having a wonderful, quiet meal, which I washed down with two glasses of cabernet sauvignon.
“How lovely to see you again.”
I looked up from my phone and saw Semyon sitting at my table. I hadn’t even heard or sensed him arriving. He was dressed in a very expensive blue suit and silk shirt whose tones worked despite being similar.
“Hi Semyon,” I replied, deliberately omitting his full title. I didn’t feel like standing on ceremony tonight. “How are you?”
“Great, now that I’ve met you.”
I signalled the waiter for the check. “The food here is delicious.”
“You aren’t leaving already, my Sweet, are you?”
Oh yes, I was. “It’s been a long day. I was just heading home.”
“You’re alone? Why isn’t Zeke with you?” He looked around as if expecting him to pop out from somewhere. His expression turned coy, “don’t tell me the scoundrel has already moved on?” He whipped around to my side in a flash ultimately blocking me from leaving.
Hiding my ire, I smiled widely, “a girl needs her alone time too. Doesn’t mean she’s been dumped.” The waiter placed the check in front of me, but before I could take it, Semyon pocketed it.
“Let me treat you, Jess. It’s the least I can do.”
Heaven help me. “Thank you, but I have this.”
He leaned in so closely, I could smell his sea and citrusy perfume. His nose trailed near my hair and it took everything not to squirm. The man was gorgeous, but the creep factor was a total turn off. Gently, his hand held my wrist with Zeke’s name etched on my skin. “He still hasn’t claimed you?”
“Semyon,” I chided, “that’s a private matter. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I need to go.”
“Of course.” He stood and held out his hand to help me up. I couldn’t swat it away like I wanted to, so I took hold of it. He delicately turned my wrist to expose the incisions. “Your scent is so very, very enticing.”
His tongue licked across the letters. I felt his saliva penetrate the skin and settle into each incision. “Semyon!” I balked and snapped my hand away. “That’s disgusting!” His lust-filled expression scared me. “You can’t go around licking people like that! It’s not normal. I don’t care how old you are.”
“My sincerest apologies, Jess,” he bowed reverently, “but you make me lose control and that hasn’t happened in centuries. I’m as confused as you.”
Pulling my bag onto my shoulder, I pressed my lips together tightly. “I didn’t make you do anything. You did it yourself. And I’m not confused. I’m upset at your behaviour.”
“It pains me that I’ve irked you. Please allow me to take you home, as a peace offering. I promise you, no harm would ever come to you in my company.”
“No!” I exclaimed. “I can make my own way home. I want to be alone.”
I left the restaurant without paying. Semyon could pick up the bill for having ruined a perfectly peaceful meal.
When I got back to the apartment, a yellow sticky note on the door caught my attention. Zeke, in elegant cursive writing, asked me to stop by his place upon my return. I ignored it then went inside as quiet as a mouse. If I’d whipped off the note, scrunched it up and stuffed it in my pocket like I wanted to, he’d have seen it was gone and known I was home. This way it appeared as if I was still out.
With my shower taken and my pyjamas on, I padded to the living room just as Zeke came through the front door. I made a mental note to buy a dead bolt, not that the sight of him wasn’t doing all sorts of good things to my presumed-dead libido, but it was to teach him about boundaries. “Forgot how to knock?” I quipped, but inside I felt nervous. His energy was different: Intense.
“I did knock, but you didn’t answer.” He pushed his hands deep into his pockets. His long-sleeved t-shirt wasn’t tight, but it still managed to make him look good.
“I was in the shower. I didn’t invite you in.”
“Did you read my note?” He ignored my comment about him entering as he pleased. Yeah, I was definitely getting a deadbolt.
“Yep.”
“And you didn’t come to see me?”
“You beat me to it.” I flopped onto the couch and grabbed a throw. Something told me I’d probably get so comfy I wouldn’t make it to the bed tonight.
“Tired?”
Was that a note of concern in his voice? “Getting there. Was there something you wanted to discuss?”
“I wanted to see if you’d had supper.”
I was pretty sure he already knew where I’d eaten. It was his town after all. He had eyes and ears all over the place. “I grabbed a bite at Da Nonna’s. Why, you hungry?”
 “No, I ate earlier.”
Zeke moved to the couch as I was fixing the throw around my feet. His hand slipped over mine right before he tenderly turned my wrist to view his handy work. His eyes widened.
“You were with Semyon?” The chill in his voice sent a shiver down my spine.
I guess he’d gotten all the details from the restaurant staff. I went to tug my hand away, but he kept a tight, but not painful grip on it.
“What’s wrong?”
He moved closer, placing my legs across his thighs. “Come on, Jess.” He was staring at me in a way that brooked no argument. If I wanted him to leave, I’d have to tell him what he already knew. This divulging-my-every-move stuff was getting ridiculous!
“He came into my booth right at the end of the meal. I left a few minutes later. That’s all.”
“There’s more.”
“Well, why don’t you tell me? Because it seems like you’ve got something on your mind.”
“Look.” His expression grew dark as he softly turned my wrist toward me. “Tell me what you see.”
My eyes scanned over the skin. His name was still there, still healing. Everything seemed the same. This felt like a game of spot the difference. I was never any good at that. “Nothing that wasn’t already there.”
“The lettering has faded. Considerably.”
I peered closer and realized he was right. “So? That’s what happens when a cut heals. Right?”
“Wrong.”
Uh-oh. Vampire blood had healing power, but there had been no blood exchange. So what was the issue here? I extracted my hand from his, sat upright and pulled my legs to my chest to create some much needed distance. “He licked my wrist.”
He leaned back and kicked his feet up on the coffee table. “You allowed him to?”
“No, I did not. He’s ancient, lightening fast and has the strength of ten men. There was no way I could stop him. And it wasn’t like I invited him to my table either. I happened to be in the furthest nook I could find when he inserted himself beside me. But your spies already told you all of this. So why the interrogation?”
“Oh for Hades sake, Jess, can’t you see? He’s marked you!”
“Marked me? As what?”
“A potential mate?”
I couldn’t help but laugh. “I doubt that very much.”
“He’s never marked anyone in hundreds of years. This is serious. Stay away from him. If he gets a chance to claim you, there’s nothing I can do to stop him.”
Did Semyon’s mark mean Zeke’s brand was erased, or at the very least, weakened? That information might come in handy. “He came to me, remember? I didn’t encourage him. If anything, your remark about me being yours is what caused all this.”
His eyes narrowed. “Is that what he told you?”
“He just said you hadn’t claimed me, yet.” I thought back on his confused expression when he had licked my skin. “Honestly, he didn’t seem to have intended marking me. He apologized and said I made him lose control.”
The only indication Zeke was upset was his jaw began ticking like a time bomb. “I’ll meet with him tomorrow night to ensure he understands you are not, nor ever will be, his, and that you’re under my protection. In the meantime, stay in The Yards. I’m leaving on business right now, but I’ll be back at dusk tomorrow night.”
“Fine.” I replied, but I wouldn’t be staying in The Yards that’s for sure.
“After I’ve spoken with Semyon, we will meet back here and I’ll reinforce the brand.”
I played it like I was going along with everything he said. “But I want pain meds before I get re-branded. That thing burns like hell.”
He laughed softly then left the apartment. Sleep pulled me into an inky abyss.
The following day at eleven a.m., the doors to Inkspot opened and the scheduled clients filed in, along with some curious on-lookers, and a journalist from the shifter news channel with her cameraman in tow. I’d glamoured myself to look the opposite of my true image and resembled the busty blond woman who’d entered Ling’s store a few days ago. I threw my name out as TJ because revealing that Jess Darrows was running the shop, would be akin to saying Mel Gibson was going to hang out at the synagogue.
A camera light shone aggressively in my face, as a bulbous microphone was tilted an inch from my mouth. The thirties-something reporter, a hawk-eyed woman sans curves, looked hungry for a news bite.
“TJ, Sisi here for Shifter News One. The place is looking great.” Her voice was loud and her words spilled out at an incredible pace. “We’d like to make a little junket for this evening’s entertainment slot.”
“Sure. Why not?”
She plastered on a wide, fake smile then stood beside me. The cameraman moved into position in front of us. “Ted?”
“Ready, Sisi,” he confirmed in a nasally voice.
“Sisi Myres, Shifter News One, coming to you today from Inkspot in The Yards. With me is TJ who has taken over after Inkspot’s original owner died under mysterious circumstances.” Pivoting suddenly, Sisi’s smile beamed widely as she shoved the microphone even closer. “Wonderful meeting you TJ. I love what you’ve done with the place. Meat’s mortality certainly makes for a mega make-over, wouldn’t you say?”
I hadn’t been prepared for this type of questioning, but given my own experience with the press nosing in on my private life, I felt comfortable responding. “Hi Sisi, thanks for coming by today. I’m afraid I can’t take any credit for the wonderful shop we’re in. Meat renovated the entire place several months ago. So, we’re very happy to honour his hard work and dedication by keeping the name of his parlour and displaying his art.”
“Any new details available on his death?” Sisi couldn’t give a damn about Meat’s work. She was here for a scoop.
“I believe that question should be re-directed to the Peace-Keepers. But, I would like to take a moment to say that, anyone interested in procuring Meat’s work can come on down or find us online at Inkspot.yards.com.”
“That’s it?”
“That’s it, Sissy. Thanks for stopping by.”
She seemed surprised by the brevity and crispness of the commentary, but, I quickly directed her attention to the three tattoo artists, currently stencilling designs for their clients, and touted their prowess by showcasing their work.
Once the hubbub passed, I took my back-pack from behind the counter and slipped outside. Zeke wanted the store up and running again and I did exactly that.
The journalist’s van was still parked down the road, the side panel door was open and a hurried editing session was winding down. I interrupted their discussion on close-ups and asked for a lift down town. Their news station was in the heart of the human side of the city and not far from the bus terminal. It was all I needed to discreetly escape from Dodge. They didn’t refuse, and while I wanted to jump for joy, I kept my expression neutral. Zeke owned The Yards, but he wouldn’t ever own me.
The panel van pulled up along the guard’s kiosk at the exit to The Yards and the driver lowered his window. “Shifter News One. We’re done.” The guard looked at me, but the magic of the glamour spell was still holding strong. I’d splurged on a higher quality potion this time.
“You’re good to go,” the guard said tapping the van with a meaty hand.
It was only when I was alone on a bus an hour later that I allowed myself to release a long, slow exhale of relief.
Chapter 5
I woke up to a strange noise in the rural studio apartment I’d rented three days after my escape from The Yards. Reaching across, I fumbled in the dark until I found the switch on the bedside light then squinted when the high wattage momentarily blinded me. My eyes shot to the colossal man standing at the foot of my bed. He had a scarred forehead and an evil grin. He reminded me of a Klingon. “Aaagggghhhhh!!!!!”
“She’s awake now,” he scoffed.
“Get the fuck out!!!” I screamed at the top of my lungs, but he didn’t budge.
“Knock it off,” another male voice barked from the shadows before coming to stand beside the ogre. “Stupid bitch.”
Cato??? What was he doing here? “What the hell do you want?”
He ignored my question and simply tilted his head in my direction while looking at the Klingon. An unspoken message passed between them and it didn’t take much deduction to guess things were going to go south for me, big time.
No sooner had that thought crossed my mind when Klingon ripped the linen off the bed. Wearing only boy shorts and a tank top I felt exposed, but that wouldn’t stop me from fighting off this bastard with everything I had. I scuttled to the headboard, held it tight with one hand and pushed my other hand under my pillow.
Cato laughed glibly. “Get her.”
Klingon grabbed my ankle and dragged me to the foot of the bed. With my other leg, I kicked hard aiming for the side of his head and struck it with a resounding whack. I might as well have kicked reinforced concrete for all the good it did. With little effort he’d pinned both my legs together and went to grab my arms. I ran my tongue over each one of my fingers as if I’d just eaten a batch of KFC then rubbed both palms together.
“What the fuck is she doing?” Cato inquired with an upturned lip.
 Klingon shrugged then leaned in again to restrain my arms, but I jolted upright as if working on my abs and spread my sticky fingers onto each side of his face, holding on long enough to utter the spell. The reaction was immediate. The powdered ink turned into highly corrosive acid and began melting his skin. His shrieks filled the room as the air turned rank with the smell of burning flesh. Two more of Cato’s men rushed in and one dragged the semi-conscious Klingon away. The other was ordered to finish me off.
I noticed Cato kept his distance, obviously afraid the spell was contagious. I knelt on the bed facing the new thug, my eyes narrowed, chest heaving, my fingers splayed to attack. There wasn’t much I could do. That spell was a one shot deal and I didn’t have any more ink powder handy. All I could do was put on an Oscar-worthy performance of being terrifying. My theatrical skills were last used in the second grade, where I played the sheep in the Nativity scene. I wasn’t going to be able to bleat my way out of this.
“Back off or I’ll melt your face off too.” The threat came out breathless and tainted with the terror I was feeling.
In a move so swift, I didn’t even see it, thug two slammed my face into the mattress, bent my hands painfully at the wrist, completely immobilizing me.
Shit!
“Well done,” Cato praised. “Take her to the van. We’ve wasted enough time as it is.” I heard his steps retreat from the room.
Thug two was silent and unmoving which immediately sent alarm bells off in my head. Lifting my head just enough, I glanced to the right. He was staring at my ass and licking his lips. The reek of lust wafting off him told me how bad things were going to get.
In a move, worthy of a possessed Blair child, I twisted my neck to the max and began uttering the words of a spell in a harsh guttural tone. Without ink it had absolutely no effect, but I managed to smile evilly and, for the hell of it, bleat.
He instantly released me, checking his hands and body for missing parts. I darted off the bed and sprinted for the door. A fist yanked my hair while steel-cap boots kicked my legs out from under me and I went down hard. The groan of pain I gave seemed to amuse him, if his smile was anything to go by. He swung his leg back like he was trying to score a goal in a soccer match and delivered a brutal kick to my ribs. Stars danced before my eyes. All air left me, as I writhed in pain. I tried to crawl to the door, but was moving with the efficiency and speed of an earth worm. Three more kicks landed on the same spot and I thought I wasn’t long for this world.
As I lay there, wavering in and out of consciousness, I thought this was a really shitty way to go – gasping for air and oozing blood on the floor of a studio apartment in a rural village. There was a nice house attached to the den. The retired homeowners were away on vacation, which was a blessing because they’d surely be dead if Cato had seen them. There was some kind of racket outside. Probably Cato was mad that Thug two was taking his time. I just hoped they moved my body, so the old couple didn’t come home to a gory mess. Maybe I’d be buried in the place Bossman sent all those girls that the guy Big-Poh killed?
 It took me a moment to register that there was a lot of noise in the room. Something was thrown on the floor beside me. A moment later I realized I was staring at Thug’s lifeless eyes and distorted mouth. His body was no longer attached to his head. I shrieked, but it barely came out as a whimper. A bloody hand gently brushed my face.
“Hey, Jess,” Zeke said tenderly. Shay and Jonah flanked him and from their shocked expressions, I knew my recovery prospects weren’t good. “You’re going to be fine,” he whispered. “Just stay with me. Okay? Stay with me.”
I tried to ask if he could just get Thug’s head away, but getting the words out was tough. Bubbling and wheezing sounds came from my mouth, the strong taste of iron coated my tongue and warm liquid oozed from my mouth and flowed down my chin. It pooled in the hollow of my throat then trickled down my neck and into my hair.
“Shay, grab a sheet from the bed. Jonah, call Jimmy. Get her here, now.”
Jonah’s phone dinged before he began speaking in an urgent tone.
“Zeke?” Shay’s wide eyes held mine for a moment before he shook his head. “Jess...she’s not going to make -”
“Move,” he barked.
Shay came back into view and Zeke quickly covered me with the sheet. “Call the hospital, explain what’s happening and have Katy bring the Völva to meet us there.”
He lifted me up in his arms and a wail of agony escaped me, more blood poured out and the trembling shot to a whole other level. I wasn’t getting out of this alive. Still, I wasn’t going out lying on the cold floor, but being held by someone strong who smelled like a slice of heaven.
“Jess?” He whispered. I looked into his worried gaze. “Dormio.”
That one word felt hypnotic and all I could do was close my eyes and fall into the exquisite darkness.
An odour reminiscent of dried horse dung, aspirated me from a deep, restful sleep. Raising my head off the pillow caused every muscle in my body to scream in protest. I felt like I’d been put through a malfunctioning mangle. But, at least I was breathing. Given that Cato almost sent me to meet my maker last night, I was doing fine.
Looking around, I noted I was in a hospital bed, but the room was more like a snazzy hotel room. Three sleeper armchairs were extended out to single beds complete with blankets and pillows. Shay sat cross-legged in one of the chairs, a slice of toast dangling from his mouth. Opposite him was Jonah who was downing crispy bacon slices. They were silently playing a game of cards and Shay had just dealt a hand.
“Where am I?”
“Jess!” Shay exclaimed and threw down the cards.
“You’re awake!” Jonah declared with a note of relief before both of them bolted over.
“You’re one tough cookie. Don’t let anyone ever tell you otherwise.” Shay gave me a nod of respect.
“I am?”
“Hell yeah!” Shay sat by my side checking my face for something I couldn’t decipher. He nodded to Jonah who then whipped out his phone and keyed one number while leaving the room.
“Where am I?” I repeated.
“At the local hospital – in The Yards.”
Okay. And three people were keeping me company? I couldn’t help but wonder if Zeke was one of them. Memories of him holding me carefully in his arms in, what I believed were my final moments, made my tummy swoop. “And you guys stayed here?”
“We sure did. Now, how are you feeling?” Shay asked with a wince. “You were in bad shape when we brought you in. The doc had to open you up. That’s why you’ve stitches on your abdomen.” He passed me a cup with a straw and I sipped at length on the cool water.
“Fine, all things considered.” I handed him back the cup. “And thanks – to you both for being there. I really appreciate it.”
“Think nothing of it,” Shay smiled. “It was a team effort. Jimmy apparated you here and Zeke called the shots.”
“Jimmy’s back? Is she okay?”
“Yeah, she’s doing alright.”
I felt relieved, knowing I could get a chance to apologize to her. “It smells a bit like horse poop in here?”
“The Völva just left. She’s a medicine woman. Said you’d wake up after the herbs were burnt out.”
I sat upright but the effort caused a fire of pain to trail from my chest to my hips. My hand passed over the bandaged area. It wasn’t huge, maybe about four inches? Plus, I probably had a few broken ribs generously doled out by Thug Two. Well, headless Thug Two now.
“You sure you’re okay? You don’t look so good.”
“I’m alright.” He popped a pillow behind my back for support. “Shay? Zeke ripped that guy’s head off last night, didn’t he?”
Right then Jonah walked back in to the room. “Sure as shit. But that wasn’t last night. You’ve been out for six days. Don’t look so worried though, you were put under so you could heal. Cato’s guy did a real number on you.”
“And from what was left of Bucky’s face, you fought like a wild cat.” Shay leaned in with a playful grin, “proud of you girl.”
“Damn straight we’re proud,” Jimmy swept in to the room with a diva-like flourish. Her starched nurse’s uniform was a male fantasy come true. “She ain’t no damsel this one. She’s a lethal witch.” She snapped her fingers and gave me a wink, her sparkling eyes framed with lengthy eye-lashes.
“Good to see you, Jimmy,” I smiled. I was so happy she was still talking to me and that I hadn’t lost my friend. Tears suddenly started flowing down my cheeks. She leaned in and hugged me ever so gently. “I’m sorry I hurt you,” I blurted over her shoulder.
“Hush now. You didn’t hurt me. I just had some crying of my own to do.” She stood up and eyed Shay and Jonah. “Boys, this ain’t Days of Our Lives. So go on and lemme me have a few minutes with my girl here. I gotta bring her up to speed.”
Jonah protested. “He said not to -”
“Don’t make me put your ass out that door.” Not wanting to take Jimmy on, they allowed her fluttering hands to shoo them away.
Shay halted in the doorway. “I’m going to be right out here. Just so’s you know. Okay?”
“Good boy,” Jimmy crooned then ensured the door was closed before returning to my bedside. “We don’t have long. What’s the last thing you remember after Cato and his crew showed up?”
I sensed something catastrophic happened during the fight, something that completely escaped my memory. “Not much, but I’m guessing from your tone, it’s bad.”
“It ain’t pretty, but you need to know what went down.”
“Okay. I’m a rip-the-band-aid-off type of girl. No sugar coating things. Tell me what happened.”
She leaned closer and lowered her voice so much I had to turn my ear to ensure I heard her. “Boa, Cato’s bodyguard is dead. He was murdered right about the time you skipped town from Inkspot. They’re saying it was your ink that killed him - same as Sam.”
My mouth dropped open in such shock. I went to defend myself, but she held up a palm to prevent me from interrupting. “Lemme finish.” I nodded and she continued. “They know you disappeared while glamoured up like Dolly Parton. Some new hot-shot the Peace-Keepers hired managed to unveil your disguise from the Shifter News One footage at Inkspot. Now the Magistrar’s got you at the top of the most-wanted list in the shifter community. That’s nation-wide, by the way - coast to coast.”
“Jimmy, can you slow down? I’m not following it all.”
“Whatcha not following? It’s perfectly clear.” She raised an index finger with a three inch orange nail at the tip. “The poh-poh have a new shifter on their team who can do some serious de-glamouring shit. And even though he only saw the recording of you, he stripped away your disguise in a flash. One minute you’re on our T.V. screens looking like Busty Barbie, the next thing it’s your scrawny little ass hopping into the news van. So, with Boa’s death and you skip-dee-dooing on out of town, they figured you were guilty and a witch hunt was implemented. Pun intended. Except, while the Peace-Keepers were out chasing you, Cato and his bozos started doin’ some tracking of their own – unsanctioned, of course. Zeke found out and started to search for you himself. Now Shay and Jonah are first class trackers, but Cato got to you first. Zeke’s convinced it’s because that slime ball’s got a few people in the Magistrar’s department on his payroll and was tipped off about the hunt before the Peace-Keepers set out.”
Jimmy wasn’t sugar coating what went down. But, damn, another murder linked to me? “Who could be trying to frame me?”
“I ain’t done yet, there’s more.” She held up a second finger. “Bucky Lee’s face, the one you magically sizzled like barbecued beef, is looping on MNN news 24/7 with a graphic content warning. That’s never happened in a shifter newscast before, so that’ll tell you how bad it is. Anyway, Bucky’s going around claiming you attacked him, and the majority of the shifter population’s I.Q. must’ve dropped a whole hell of a lot because sympathy for that particular devil is riding high.”
“They have sympathy for Bucky? It was totally self defence! Did they not see the kicking I got from Cato’s other guard?” I kept down the bile lodged in my throat when I thought of how badly things could have gone.
“Zeke gave a statement to Magical Nightly News that you needed surgery for internal bleeding but they down played that on air. Zeke wasn’t happy about it and refuses to update them since. But gurl, you were in real bad shape when we brought you in. I think you’re lucky to be here at all.”
“I am, I know. And I have you and Zeke and the guys to thank for saving my life. I’m forever grateful for that.”
“For nothing, Peaches,” Jimmy smiled while fussing to straighten the covers.
“By the way, what does Dormio mean?”
“That’s just a thing where he knocked you out ‘cause you were going into shock.”
“Oh, that was very nice of him.”
“I’ll say.” A smiled tugged the corner of her lips. “He’s different when it comes to you. Sort of softer.”
“Really?” I didn’t get that impression. Our interaction at the tattoo parlour hadn’t shown his soft side.
“There’s a lot of things you’re not getting, but now’s not the time for that conversation.”
“I’m being wrongly accused of murder, again?” Yeah, I’ve got that down pat.
“There’s more.” Jimmy glanced over her shoulder then shifted uncomfortably and I knew the worst what about to come. “What do you know about Zeke?”
I wasn’t expecting that question and just blurted out the first few things that came to mind. “He’s controlling, demanding, has emptied my pockets, but then very kindly filled them again and now he’s gone and saved my life.”
Jimmy smiled, “And he be wrapped up in one fine package too, but that’s not what I meant.”
“No?” I asked with a hint of dread.
“Zeke’s like a shepherd, you know. He looks after and safeguards everyone in The Yards like they’re his flock. But that man demands fealty in return. He’s real possessive of what’s his. Now, normal shifters be lining up around the block to be part of this community. Except you.”
“It’s not that I don’t think The Yards is a great place, I was just opposed to the allegiance thing and having my life dictated to me by some stranger.”
Jimmy bit her lower lip. “Honey, you still signed a contract with him, which makes you his to watch over. So when you skipped town, you could’ve run to the ends of the earth, an’ that man would have found you….eventually.”
“But I did everything to cover my tracks.” In fact I’d used up so much magic over those two days on the run, I’d been drained by the time I felt it was safe to hide out. Kind of explained how Cato was able to waltz into my bedroom without me even stirring.
“Don’t matter none. You setting those false trails only delayed the inevitable. Still, nobody could’ve really known how deep his need to protect you would reach. When he saw what Cato did, he totally flipped - was madder than Satan on a Sunday.
“He was?”
“Mmmhhmm. Then Cato, who’s obviously missing a few light bulbs in his attic, shows up at the hospital, accompanied by the Peace-Keepers no less, and demands guardianship of you for the damage done to his men. Now by law, he’d be in his rights, but Cato didn’t know about your contract with Zeke. So when Zeke refused to give you up, Cato’s guys tried to storm the operating room where you were being prepped to go under the knife. All of Zeke’s men were there and a big ‘ol melee went down. Zeke looked like something straight outta Hell itself and laid most of them out flat. You weren’t under the anaesthetic yet, but you weren’t conscious either so he shook you hard enough to make you come to then growled something, to which you kinda said ‘fealty’ and well….” She looked off to the side.
“And well? Jimmy, you can’t just trail off there!”
“Have a look see for yourself.” She carefully lowered the top of my gown and motioned toward my chest.
Fffffffuck! A large crest was embossed into the skin above my left breast. It hadn’t been tattooed on like everyone else. It was as if it had been made with a branding iron. “How the…”
“Thank you, Jimmy,” Zeke spoke softly while entering the room. Given the dishevelled hair and dark circles under his eyes, I’d say he was lacking some serious sleep.
“Sure thing, Zeke.” She stood up and mouthed ‘call me later’ then left.
He sat in the spot Jimmy had just vacated. With Jimmy it had felt cosy, but with Zeke, there was an intimacy to his proximity. His heated gaze fixed hungrily on my lips before landing on the crest. I didn’t think I was imaging the heat coming off of him, like he was on fire. Still, I quickly pulled my gown up.
“How are you feeling, Jess?” His palm covered mine confirming his body temperature was off the charts.
My eyes fell to the brand. “A bit confused.”
“Understandable.” He didn’t elaborate, but continued to hold my gaze.
“It’s not a tattoo, so what is it?”
“Just my mark.” His tone was casual but his eyes and expression were intense.
He’d gone into clam-mode and was refusing to open up. Jimmy had given me the highlights, but I needed to hear it from the horse’s mouth. “It’s different, though, right? It’s branded into my skin.”
“Cato was claiming guardianship of you and I could not allow that to happen. Plus, there wasn’t time to create a tattoo because you had internal bleeding and they needed to operate. So, I did what was necessary.”
It didn’t slip my notice that I was more interested in the mark than the surgery I’d undergone. “It’s not temporary, is it?”
“No. But, like I said, it was necessary. We can talk about it later, okay?”
I nodded as the finality of those last words told me he’d reached his information-sharing limit. “Thank you for being there, for saving my life and for helping me, Zeke. I wouldn’t have made it if it wasn’t for you.”
His eyes softened and his expression was warm when he spoke. “I protect what’s mine, Jess.”
Those words rang true. I felt it through the blossoming warmth in the crest and understood why he was known as the shepherd. I understood why shifters of every kind wanted to live here and what they were willing to undertake to make that happen. It felt like a cocoon of well-being and I couldn’t deny that for the first time in my life, a sense of belonging enveloped me. I could see myself staying here, joining his community and being happy. I was also aware that I was developing feelings for him. Maybe it wasn’t a good idea to be crushing on the so-called leader of the flock. But that aside, I was okay with having the crest, as long as he didn’t turn cold and demanding again. That’s what had made me run in the first place. I mean, I should have explained why I refused to tattoo. I guess now was as good a time as any.
“About Inkspot, technically, I did get the place up and running like you said.”
He smiled briefly. “You did. Business is booming. Not sure I like the look of that TJ character, though. But we’ll come back to that another day.”
“Okay, sure. I just wanted to explain why I didn’t want to tattoo.”
“I shouldn’t have pushed that you on, Jess.”
He wasn’t mad at me. Phew. “So..uhm…..about Boa -”
His palm rose to hush me. “That’s a problem, but we’ll discuss it when you’ve recovered. You’ve just woken up from a near-death experience. Baby steps, okay?”
“But I’m fine-ish” I think.
“Sure you are.” A smile tugged at the corner of his perfect lips as a finger brushed a lock of my hair. He seemed to have realized what he was doing and the formal veneer returned. “Look Jess, I’m having you transferred out of here today.”
“Transferred,” I parroted. Was I being arrested for Boa’s death? Maybe he’d have to detain me because Cato and the Peace-Keepers were involved? “Where to? Like a cell?”
His brow furrowed. “Just out of the hospital.”
“Really?” Inwardly I expelled a lengthy breath.
“Yes, really. Why would I put you in jail?”
It was like he was speaking to a child, but I didn’t care as long as I had somewhere to crash until I felt stronger. “Where do you want me then?”
His features took on a devilish smile. “Hmmmm…..now that’s a loaded question.”
What??? Had he just flirted with me? A deep blush crept up my neck and face which seemed to please him no end, if his ever-widening grin was anything to go by.
“Hi there!” Katy chirped, peering around the door and, ultimately, saving me from the awkwardness of the moment. “Goodness, Jess! You’re awfully red. Do you have a fever?”
“No!” I shot as Zeke contained a laugh. “In fact I was just about to freshen up.”
 Zeke stood, but barely moved an inch as I put my legs over the bed. It hurt to move, even breathing hurt. I felt shaky and didn’t want to push myself up in case I’d fall over, but he seemed to have clued into that.
“Here, lean on me.” His hands hooked under my elbows giving me the purchase needed to stand up. The warmth he generated felt amazing and if I didn’t let go now, I’d probably wrap my arms around his waist.
“I’m good.” He still didn’t budge, but stared at me. “Really,” I assured him.
“Z, why don’t you wait outside,” Katy interjected smoothly and came to stand beside me. “Jess’ll be fine with me. The bone healer will be along in a few minutes to continue mending those ribs.”
He paused for a long moment, as if some inner battle was waging then relented with a sharp nod. “I’ll be just outside.”
When he left, Katy smiled knowingly. “It’s in his nature to be overly protective. It can appear intense, but it comes from a good place.” She picked up my back pack which Shay or Jonah must’ve brought from the studio. I’d have to add that to the gratitude list I was compiling. She led me to the bathroom one shuffle at a time. “He hates that we’ve lost Meat and Sam and now with you being injured too, well…it makes him feel like he’s failed his community.”
“Their deaths weren’t his fault.”
“You’d think, right? But they were bound to him, so he feels their loss even more.”
“Feels their loss?” I frowned. “You mean to say he actually feels their deaths?”
Her eyes shot toward the door as if she was afraid to be overheard. “It’s a crest thing.”
“Wow. That must be so hard on him, especially being connected to so many people.”
Already my mind was whirling with questions about the kind of bonds he created. Were they all the same? I also began to wonder if there was a way to clear my name by establishing my exact whereabouts at the time Zeke felt Sam’s passing. If so, he’d know I was innocent. But I didn’t get how he could give me his crest and still think I had something to do with Sam’s death. As for Boa, he wasn’t affiliated with Zeke, so I was going to have to prove my innocence, somehow.
“As much as the crest bearer feels the ties to Zeke, he feels them even more because he created the link. Keep that in mind over the next few days. The connection between you both is not only new, but profound, so he’ll be a bit over-bearing until things settle down. He can’t help it, so I really hope you can make allowances for my brother.”
“What do you mean, profound?”
She gave a suppressed smile, “you received his insignia, not his crest.”
“Aren’t they the same thing? I mean it’s the same design, just not in tattoo format, right?”
Her expression changed from sweet to closed-off. “The mark creates a deeper sense of protection in him. But, this is something I think you should both discuss, in private.”
I doubted Zeke would share his reasons for branding me. Anyway, I was focusing on the fact that he’d saved my life. Whatever this type of crest meant, we’d talk about it when the time was right.
We were standing at the bathroom door and while I felt breathless and shaky, I needed to be alone. “Ahhmm thanks Katy, but I think I can manage from here.”
Coming back from wherever her mind had wandered off to, she smiled, but it didn’t reach her eyes. “Of course.” She held the door open as I passed on through, “I’ll head off then, but Zeke and the guys will be here when you’re done.”
 “Why here?” The room was beautifully decorated, spacious and bright. Shades of cream and white accentuated the light beech floors and extensive closet space. The problem was its location.
“It’s only until the crest heals completely. Then you can go back to your own apartment.”
Occupying the guest room in Zeke’s apartment was the last place on earth I thought to be transferred. Yet, here I was.
“And healing takes how long?” I could hear the audible gulp and wished I didn’t feel so nervous. But the thought of sharing living space with him was making me skittish. Would mornings consist of him parading around in nothing but his boxers while making coffee? Would we share laundry tasks where our undies got mixed in together?
“Hard to say, really.” He placed my back pack on the dresser top then walked to the floor-to-ceiling glass doors. It was like a natural invitation to admire the view of the sweeping vista the penthouse level offered.
“I don’t understand. My apartment is right next door.” Literally a few feet away.“Oh, unless it isn’t.” Had someone else moved in? By absconding, had I forfeited the place?
He leaned a forearm against the patio doors, but didn’t turn to look at me. “It’s still your place, Jess.”
I was trying to keep in mind Katy’s advice on his need to protect. “I’m sure I’ll be perfectly safe there.”
“Come let me show you something.” He reached back, took my hand and walked onto an impressive veranda which fanned out on both sides before disappearing around opposite corners. Lavish outdoor furniture and lighting embellished the rooftop setting. To the left, a high wooden Zen-like structure with thick cushions and throws provided partial seclusion for more intimate moments. The thoughts of him entertaining women up here brought on a sudden twinge of jealousy that was disconcerting. Why should I care who he dated? But apparently, I did – a bit.
With his hand lightly pressed against my lower back, he led me toward a stunning view of the bay and the town that stood on its rocky shores. Leaning against the glass waist-high barrier enclosing the balcony, I admitted to myself that with the right person, the setting could be incredibly romantic, but quickly chased away the notion.
“Do you see the people milling about down there?”
Following his wide spread palm, I observed the ant-sized bodies moving about. The population of The Yards was never publicized, but people speculated that it was close to twenty thousand, which qualified as a large town rather than a sleepy bay area village. “It seems to be very busy this evening.”
The comment was neutral, but he still picked up on its true meaning. “I deliberately fudge our numbers from the humans. They don’t understand our ways.” He stepped a little closer; our feet toe to toe, and once more his hand caressed my hair pausing along my cheek. “I know every single one of them by name. Not one of them is lesser than another, not one is better than another. I care for them, love and protect them with my life and ask only that they give their loyalty in return, and work for the greater good of the community.”
Maybe it was just the emblem seared on my skin, but I was awe-struck at the profound love emanating from the words he spoke. My understanding of the immensity of who Zeke was, and all that he gave, grew even more. He did not discriminate like many other shifter territories, he swore to protect and named his price. His head lowered to mine bringing us so close barely a breath of air could pass. My heart took off at a crazy pace. His soft lips were almost touching mine. I could feel his warmth like a fluffy blanket covering us both.
 “But a wolf roams amongst my people and hides in plain sight.”
 I blinked away the confusion at what I thought was going to happen and absorbed the meaning behind his words. They weren’t uttered as an accusation, more as a reflection on a conundrum. “A wolf? But there are loads of wolf shifters living here.”
He remained silent, his eyes roving my face and I understood what he was implying. It stung, badly because I thought he felt something for me – turns out he did; suspicion. His opinion of me seemed even lower than I’d imagined. Leading the flow of emotions was disappointment – disappointment that he thought of me as someone who could harm his people. No wonder he wanted to keep me in such close proximity. The old adage ‘keep your friends close and your enemies closer’ came to mind.
I took a step back from the cocoon of warmth and protection. “And to you, I’m the wolf?” I’d spoken softly, barely above a whisper, but I wanted to hear him admit it out loud. Despite the sting of his remark, I couldn’t help but smile and shake my head at the verbal slap in the face the insinuation brought. “Why bother keeping me alive then? Why go to all the trouble of bringing me into your fold, if I’m so dangerous? I don’t want the crest if you can’t trust me?”
He closed the distance between us. His hands cupped my face drawing my eyes up to his. In the depth of his gaze, something within me longed to feel the acceptance and strength he offered so freely to everyone in his community – except me. His thumb brushed my lips as gently as a feather, his scent, enveloping and enticing.
“Jess you don’t understand. Even now as you carry my mark, I cannot sense your presence in its entirety here amongst mine and I don’t understand it. You’re like a ghost and this has never happened before. I sense only that you are dark and dangerous as the night, yet when I look at you, I see a vulnerable lamb that I want to shelter and care for. I wonder if I am not a fool standing in the presence of a most cunning wolf.”
Covering his hands with mine, I lowered them before letting go and stepping back. “I’m neither a lamb nor a wolf, but you’ve clarified how I’m perceived.”
I walked away and entered the guest room, feeling him following close on my heels. I lifted my back pack over my shoulder, pretending its weight didn’t hurt my sore body.
His hand wrapped around mine forcing me to turn around. “Jess, wait. With the mark, I’ll need you to stay here near me. It’s just a really different process than simply having the tattoo.”
“You said you can’t sense me.”
“I can’t, but my crest still pulls to that something in you that I can’t define. I don’t know what it is, but I’m drawn to you….so strongly,” his hands fell by his sides. “I have been from the first moment I saw you.”
I wanted to know more about the pull he felt. I doubted it was the same as what I’d felt because I’d wanted to explore every inch of him and whatever wonders were on his inked skin. “And because you can’t define it, you decided I’m not trustworthy. You fear me.”
“That’s not true.” He seemed like he was going to say more, but was holding back.
“But you fear for your people because of me – therefore you don’t trust me. He didn’t respond. “Zeke, I didn’t harm anyone. I can’t be any clearer than that. And I can’t explain why you don’t feel my presence, but that doesn’t mean I’m a murderer or that I’m deceitful. But you can be sure I’m going to find whoever is planting all this shit on me and prove you and everyone else wrong.”
He rubbed his hands over his face before placing them on his narrow hips. “Let’s put this aside for now and grab a bite to eat.”
 “Thanks, but I’m not hungry. I’ll be next door. If you need my movements tracked, have Shay or Jonah bunk in the living room.” I ignored his irate regard and walked away, closing the door behind me.
The following morning a large, but gentle, hand pressing on my shoulder roused me awake. A flashback to Cato’s attack had me jerk upright in fear, but I visibly deflated when I saw it was a pyjama-bottom-clad Zeke, beckoning me to follow him. A long index finger pressed against his lips alerting me to keep silent. I nodded okay and brushed the wild mess of hair out of my face. The bed covers had fallen off leaving me exposed in my boy shorts and tank top. His gaze slowly swept up my bare legs, paused at the apex of my thighs and trailed on up past my chest before fixing me with a hungry look. My raised brows said ‘see enough?’
His unspoken response was, No way.
A loud knock on the front door was followed by an authoritative bark. “Miss Darrows? Magistrar’s department. Open up!”
I couldn’t hide the fear I felt when my eyes snapped to Zeke. Had he called them on me? Being arrested by the Magistrar again was not an option. I’d rather run, because the justice they doled out was seriously skewed. He pulled me into the bathroom, spread his broad hand across the door and waited as a soft glow appeared then faded into nothing.
“What was that?”
“Just sound-proofed the room.”
“What’s going on? Why is the Magistrar’s sheriff here? And how come you didn’t know they’d show up? What about the guards at the entrance?”
“They swarmed the barrier and brought the guards here. That’s not important for the moment. Right now, all you need to know is I’m going to let them in to question you, but you have got to let me speak for you – no matter what, okay?”
“What? Why? You think I’m a wolf slaughtering your sheep.”
“Cato’s men have infiltrated the sheriff’s team. They’ll arrest you for Boa’s murder no matter what you say. I’m your only way out of this, but you have to go along with me. Okay?”
Another mighty pounding hammered against the door. “Miss Darrows open up or we’re coming in.”
“Fine. Let me just throw on a dressing gown.”
“Okay. Sit on the couch and I’ll let them in.”
A few moments later, I watched as Zeke opened the door to two older shifters who had similar physiques that spoke of many hours behind a desk and a penchant for Tweedle-doodles. Shay and Jonah followed close behind looking nothing like the two easy-going men I was coming to know and like. They were clearly in enforcer mode.
A warrant was presented by one of the Magistrar’s men and verified by Zeke. Only then did he allow them inside. He had them sit on the armchairs opposite the sectional where I was sat. Shay and Jonah stood guard behind the armchairs.
“Hello Miss Darrows,” the balder of the two spoke.
I simply nodded. My heart pounded in my chest as both of them sent probing stares my way.
Zeke sat beside me, wrapped his arm around my shoulder and tugged me into his side while planting a kiss on my hair. “Okay babe?”
His deep voice rumbled in his bare chest as his crisp scent and strong arm enveloped me into a protective cocoon. And damn if I didn’t feel safe and secure in his muscular hold –like nothing could hurt me. He tilted my chin upwards then lightly pressed his lips to mine while caressing his thumb along my cheek and neck. The mark above my breast grew warmer under his touch, as did my cheeks. He held my hand against his chest in a sign of what, I don’t know, but I wasn’t moving from this spot, that was for sure.
I told myself he was faking it and to stop feeling all fuzzy and glowy inside. The man could’ve gotten an award for his acting skills.
He turned to look at the sheriffs and growled “make this quick.”
The men looked nervous. One cleared his throat and tapped the warrant. “We’re to bring Miss Darrows in for questioning in relation to the murder of Boa Lambert.”
“Not going to happen,” Zeke said with such authority I was surprised both officers didn’t flee. “Ask your questions here and now.”
Goddess above! His commanding presence certainly took up space in a room. If he hadn’t been here, I’d already be on my way to the station. I couldn’t deny this level of protection was a definite nice-to-have. Having someone in my corner, making sure I was okay soothed my anxiety.
It’s all an act!
I wanted to smack my inner voice. Yes, this may have been a fabricated scenario and I didn’t fully understand Zeke’s motives for helping me, but my reaction to his protectiveness stunned me into silence. He made me want to burrow even closer and I was not big on hugs and kisses. Being raised in an orphanage didn’t allow for the kind of affection most families doled out like candies at Halloween. Not that the orphanage was a horrible place. Nobody was abused or mistreated; you just always felt alone in the world. You fought your own battles and looked after number one because nobody was going to do it for you. I’d always embraced my inner warrior woman because she helped me survive all my battles, both big and small. And even though I sought a physical connection from time to time, it never felt amazing like this – and this was for show.
“Miss Darrows, where were you on Tuesday last between noon and two thirty p.m.?”
“You know that already” Zeke interjected sharply. “You have the camera footage. Next question.”
Clearly unhappy, the sheriffs shared a resigned regard and continued. “Why did you leave The Yards that day, Miss Darrows?”
Once again, Zeke chimed in before I could utter a word. “I already told you, being in the public eye spooked her. Next question.”
“Zeke,” the other sheriff exhaled, trying to placate him, “You have to let her answer for herself and you gotta let us do our job here, mmmkay.”
“Well that all depends on who the fuck you’re working for.”
“That kinda sounds awfully like a threat to me.” The bald man was getting a little ruffled under the collar.
“Maybe, I wasn’t clear enough then. You both better be working for the Magistrar’s office and not moonlighting for some shady fucker who’s filling your pockets.” He paused for a long moment. “You know what, that warrant looks legit, but I got my doubts. I’ll call the Magistrar directly and check right now.”
He picked up his phone and both men bolted up. “No need. We have enough.” They dashed out without a word. Shay and Jonah followed them out.
“Cato’s rats,” Zeke grumbled as he locked the door after them. He made his way over to me. “You’re very quiet Jess. Everything okay?”
“Yes, sure.” I stood up astounded with how things went and tried to find the words to thank him for keeping me out of jail. “I’m …..very..ahhm…grateful for what you just did there.”
His hands framed my face, his eyes burning, his breaths quickened. “You’re mine, Jess Darrows and I protect what’s mine.”
His forehead leaned against mine in a moment that felt intimate. This was so confusing. He made me feel like I was precious to him, but he obviously still harboured doubts about me. I stepped back creating some space. “Zeke, I don’t know what all of this means to you, and I don’t understand the whole branding thing, but these hot and cold reactions feel toxic and to be honest, it hurts.” He stepped back, but kept my hands in his.
“I don’t want to cause you -”
I held up my hand, wanting to get this weight off my chest. “I think I know why you can’t feel my presence,” I blurted.
“You do?” His expression became wary.
“I have no recollection of swearing fealty to you. And even if I did say what you needed to hear, I’m not sure I was coherent enough to mean it. …. and that’s why you think I’m going around slaughtering your people.”
The phone in his pocket rang, but he ignored it. A knowing smile creased the skin around his jade eyes. “The brand wouldn’t take if the promise wasn’t true.”
“Really?”
“Yeah, same if the crest had been in tattoo form.”
“Then why doubt me?”
The phone continued to demand a response. He lifted it out of his pocket and paused before answering. “Because I know without a shadow of a doubt, you’re no alchemist.”
He turned away to answer the call and I returned to my room, closed the door and sat on the bed. How could he think I was not an alchemist? That was such an absurd statement, it was almost laughable. Every witch discovers her specialization from an early age. Something always happens to call forth their inner power. I’d come in to my alchemical powers when I was five years old. I’d stumbled into Miss Heike’s apothecary and discovered a bottle of ink she used to label her jars of herbs and tinctures. I threw some ink toward the ceiling and let the droplets suspend mid-air. I then instructed the ink on all her labelled bottles to disappear. Mrs Heike returned to her office to find hundreds of ink droplets dangling in the air and all her jars were blank. Her shocked gasp startled me, causing the spell to break and the ink to fall to the ground. The clean up took hours –even while using magic. It also took days to re-label everything on her shelves, but there was no denying my magic was alchemical – with a gift for ink.
“Jess?” Zeke called through the door. “I’ve got to go. I’ll see you later. Call me if there’s anything.”
When the front door clicked shut, I grabbed a pair of pyjamas and headed to the bathroom. My bones may have been mended before leaving the hospital, but not the bruising. Getting the stuffing kicked out of me had drained my battery and the only remedy was a do-nothing day. I wasn’t sure if Zeke had sent in Shay and Jonah to keep an eye on me, so, when I emerged from the bathroom and found the place empty, I did a mental happy dance.
A loud growl reminded me I hadn’t eaten in a while. The aroma of percolating coffee told me a pot was freshly brewed. Maybe Jimmy popped by? A hand written note in Zeke’s writing was stuck on the oven. ‘Fresh croissants inside.’
When did he make breakfast? He certainly was considerate and caring toward the supposed-wolf in sheep’s clothing. I smiled at the kind gesture and made quick work of the buttery goodness.
Caffeinated and fed, my thoughts once again returned to his remark. What did he think I was if I wasn’t an alchemist? All I ever knew was making ink - the good stuff. If I wasn’t an alchemist, there’s no way I could achieve that.
Settled on the couch with a fleece blanket, I put on the T.V. and began zapping through the never-ending list of channels before settling for a nature documentary on the glass-wing butterfly. The narrator’s monotonous, yet soothing, voice helped focus my thoughts away from Zeke’s mercurial moods, so I could try and figure out who was trying to frame me.
The obvious suspect was Cato. I’d been paying off my debt as ordered by the Magistrar until Zeke paid him what I owed. But Cato still pursued me to the point of wanting guardianship. To what end? Did he think I murdered Bossman and Boa? What could I possibly have gained by their deaths? It’s not like I was looking for a shoe-in on their turf. Then there was Zeke. He was looking less like a suspect right now, but I still had to consider him. What if he’d taken out Boa and Bossman? Did he want Cato’s turf? Then why kill Sam? Was I just a convenient scapegoat? None of that made sense because Zeke seemed like the kind of man who didn’t delegate the task of killing to someone else. He’d own his actions and wouldn’t pin it on anyone either. To top it all, I was branded and, ultimately, tied to Zeke, which was looking more and more like a gilded cage. Sure he protected me – for now. But what if I couldn’t prove my innocence? What punishment would he mete out? And how did I end up in the middle of this when all I wanted to do was make ink and live peacefully? I needed to write this down. I cast a spell on my ink to ensure nobody could read the notes if they found my journal.
I spent a few hours building a profile on the victims and the suspects – I may have dozed off at one point - but was no closer to deciphering who the true culprit was, nor clearing my name. If anything, I had even more questions. Like how was the perpetrator getting their hands on my ink from my backpack that I kept in a locked apartment. Could it be a former client? Someone I had sold ink to before my life fell apart?
I wished I’d never taken the job from Bossman. Countless times I revisited that moment in my mind, when the crime boss called asking me to supply the ink for his tattoo. I’d see myself graciously declining the work and my life moving on as normal. I wouldn’t be the vilified witch I was today.
Zeke had wanted to help restore my reputation, but with the body count rising, along with the number of people gunning for me, that was becoming a pipe dream. If anything, my situation went from the frying pan to the fire because when I was first brought to The Yards, I was only dealing with the fall out of Bossman’s demise, now I was suspected of two more deaths, plus I was marked by Zeke. Sure, I had money, food and shelter but that would only be available as long as I stayed in the shepherd’s good graces. It was his money, his food, his shelter, not mine. I needed to regain some control over my life and it started with removing Zeke’s brand. It would allow me to walk away–should I need to- without him being able to track me down. It would also prove my promise of fealty hadn’t really been from the heart, as he so believed. Maybe that would help with his angst at not being able to feel my presence.
I eyed my ink supplies and smiled to myself as an idea on how to dissolve it came to mind. It would only take an hour to create, but at least seven more to ferment before I could use the removal spell. I had to give it a try because I couldn’t stay connected to someone who, not only deemed me a threat, but also doubted who I was as a supe.
Stiff from pouring over the various ingredients, I set aside the newly forged ink and hid it in a sandwich bag at the back of the fully stocked pantry. I doubted anyone would find it, but if they did, it would look a bit like mustard powder. Satisfied with myself, I walked out onto the balcony that was about half the size of Zeke’s, but of equal grandeur. The sky was cloudless, the air crisp. The climate felt quite warmer here. I’d heard The Yards had a coven of weather witches who ensured summer arrived early and stayed late, but managed to add in enough rainy days to keep things balanced. From the lofty perch of the privileged few, one could almost feel all was right in the world. But my aching muscles told me otherwise. The expression being kicked into next week was a whole lot clearer now.
I slowly stretched my arms upwards making sure not to tear the seven neat sutures forming a straight line across the top of my abdomen.
“The doc said no tension on that wound.”
I whipped around to see Zeke standing a few feet away on my balcony. He wore a white v-necked t-shirt and jeans that hung loose on his hips. His blond hair was wet as if he’d just showered. I ignored the fluttering in my stomach. “I didn’t hear you knock.”
“I didn’t.” This seemed to amuse him for some reason.
“Why not? Wanted to catch me red-handed?”
He moved closer, his gait predatory despite the smirk. “Doing what, Jess?”
“Oh I don’t know,” I replied flippantly, turning back to the ocean vista, “maybe planning my next murder.”
The bay disappeared. I spun one hundred and eighty degrees and was backed up against the glass railing, Zeke’s arms on either side of me, his body caging me in. “That’s not something I’d joke about,” he growled.
He stood so closely, I had no choice but to look up or talk to his pectorals. “Would you get over yourself already? It’s a joke, which, by definition, means it’s funny, therefore not serious.” I pushed against his chest to create some space, but I’d have a better chance of tipping over Lady Liberty.
“It’s not that. Someone could hear you and use that against you.” He took my hand in his. “Come inside, we’ve things to discuss.”
I trailed behind him looking around for hidden directional microphones. “Who could possibly hear me at this height?”
“There’s a whole slew of auditory magical spells out there. And while I keep the place well warded, there’s always someone trying to break through. With things the way they are right now, I’d say they’re upping the effort.”
“I thought your flock were loyal to you, why would they want to eavesdrop?”
“They wouldn’t, but outsiders, like spell casters moored in the harbour, for example, might.”
I threw a glance at the colourful vessels bobbing in the bay, no longer perceiving the scene as bucolic, but as potential trouble. Jeez! Even admiring the view was problematic.
I walked over to the kitchen to get as much distance between us as possible. “So, what do you need to discuss?” He pulled a small plastic bag from his back pocket and laid it on the counter beside me. “What do you need medical gauze and tape for?” There were latex gloves in there as well and I was getting a bad feeling about this.
“Katy was supposed to change your dressing but couldn’t make it, so I volunteered.”
I snapped up the bag. “Thanks, but I can do that by myself.”
“You could,” he smiled. “But I’m a hand’s on type, so I’ll be switching it out today. Okay?”
His fingers hooked around the hem of my pyjama top. “Hey, hey, hey! What are you doing?” I blocked his hand. “I said I’ll do it….after you leave.”
“It’s all part of the follow-up care. So, just relax. Okay?” I didn’t budge. “Come on, Jess. You need to have it changed. I’m serious.”
With a grumble, I lifted my top to just above the bandaged area, very much aware I wasn’t wearing a bra and my nipples were as hard as diamonds. “Make it quick.”
He didn’t. He made it slow, and as gentle as possible. The rubbing alcohol stung but that was easier to manage than the sexual tension. His fingers had brushed over my skin countless times and the only sound was my slightly shaky breathing.
“Want to tell me why you don’t tattoo anymore? I know you used to.”
It wasn’t something I liked to talk about, but I’d gladly sing like a canary if it distracted my thoughts from the effect his touch was having on me. “I gave it a try. It wasn’t for me.”
“You know, Jess, if we’re going to chat, why not just tell the truth, hmmm?” It was said in a very smooth easy-going way.
In essence, he was right. What would it change for me to talk about the disaster? It might get him to change his mind about me running the parlour. “I was in my teens and designing tattoos for people. I thought why not blend both ink-making and tattooing together. The first few tattoos were a success, but then things started to go wrong. Clients reported higher pain than they should have, as well as other issues like blisters, infections and other side effects. I thought it was my equipment, so I double and triple checked everything was sterilized. I became a bit obsessed and maniacally cleaned every item on my station twice before each session. Same thing for the skin prep, I swabbed the area several times to ensure there was no risk of infection. And then one day a guy came in for something simple and ended up with third degree burns, which led to an amputation.”
I was relieved Zeke didn’t try and console me the way most people would. I’d done something horrific and didn’t want forgiveness or reassurance. “I was investigated and no fault was found with my kit, tools, ink or anything, so I wasn’t charged, but that’s why I stopped tattooing and why I refused your job offer the other day.”
“I get it now.” He nodded. “I just wished you’d have told me. I wouldn’t have insisted.”
“It’s not easy to admit that you’ve hurt someone, even if it’s accidentally. Plus, it just adds to the list of my alleged wrong-doings. And trust is a hard thing to come by around here, so it wasn’t something I wanted to talk about.”
“How old were you when that happened?”
“I was only seventeen. Five years down the line, when the Magistrar’s office handed down the punishment for my implication into Bossman’s death, the restitution amount was much higher because they considered it my second offense.”
“I don’t think it’s you.” He paused in his ministrations to look at me. “I think it’s your level of magic. It could’ve been too untamed for working with both the ink and the gun.”
My magic was the problem? Really? “I’d never have thought that. But then again I never used anyone else’s ink when I tattooed.”
“When you’re feeling better we can go to Inkspot and test your abilities.”
“Are you crazy? No way. I’d hurt someone….I don’t -”
“You can work on me.” His deep tone raised goose bumps along my arms as he leaned in closer.
“That’s really not a good idea. If something happened while I tattooed you, I’d be crucified on Jimmy’s bar.”
“I want you to tattoo me, Jess.” His hot breath seemed to kiss every nerve in my body, setting me alight in a way that defied reason. “It’ll be interesting.”
“Zeke, I’ve seen a man lose a leg because of me. I’m not changing my mind on this.”
“It’d be safe, I swear.”
The brand above my breast grew hot, my lips, parched for something water could not quench. When the outer adhesive bandage was applied with a Swedish massage-like attention, I couldn’t take it anymore.
“Okay! Thank you. That’s good.”
He looked up in feigned surprise but knew damn well what he had done. “Something wrong?”
Yes! I was about to spontaneously combust. How was he all cool, calm and collected? “Nope. Nothing.”
“Good. I’ll need to do this daily for the next week.” He was barely containing the chuckle bursting to come out.
“That’s not necessary. I’ll have Shay do it next time. He seems experienced.” Why had I said that? It was a total bluff of course, but he didn’t need to know that.
Zeke’s smirk widened, if that was possible. “The timing is perfect. He’s just on his way up with Jonah and Jimmy. Thought we’d all have lunch together. You can ask him then.”
Crap!
As if on cue, the trio entered, carrying with them the delicious smell of fried something. My stomach chose that exact moment to grumble loudly. Jimmy fisted a hip and feigned a glare at Zeke. “You been neglecting to feed our girl?”
“Ha!” He scoffed. “She ate all the croissants I left out for her this morning and it’s only early afternoon, so I think she can survive.”
“Snacks.” Jimmy pointed to the fridge. “The girl needs snacks. She has to get her energy back up again. I prepped them in little packages and put them on the top shelf.”
“I’ll be sure she eats them later.” Zeke replied. “By the way, Shay?” His face was one big playful grin. “Jess would like you to change her dressing for the next few days. You okay with that?”
Shay stopped pulling food boxes out of the paper bag he was holding. His wide eyes and pronounced wince showed exactly how he was feeling about the task. “Why would you say that, Jess?”
He sounded like a wounded puppy. “Because it took Zeke about twenty minutes to do something that could’ve been done in three.”
Shay swallowed hard. “Not my thing. Can’t help you there.” He thumbed toward Jonah, “and don’t ask Jonah either, he’d keep gagging until it was done.”
“I’ve a weak stomach,” Jonah whined, piling greasy fried chicken, fries and burgers on his plate.
“Yeah, I can see that,” I dead panned. “And you Jimmy? What’s your excuse? Because I know there is one.”
“If Zeke’s got it in his head he’s gonna do it, I’d let that happen if I were you.”
Turning to Zeke, I asked “do you always get your way?”
“Pretty much’ he shrugged. “Now everyone dig in.”
“Bon appétit,” Jimmy chimed, and we all thanked her.
About halfway through our meal, Zeke paused to let me know that he’d had an update from his contact at my insurance company. Apparently the email I received – the one rejecting my claim for compensation after Bossman’s death - wasn’t sent by any of their employees. They’re not sure who was responsible, or when my entire file was deleted, but they’d just launched an internal investigation into the breach, a process that would probably take months.
I felt I had a better chance of catching smoke than getting to the truth.
Chapter 6
“Have that baby yet?” With the phone on speaker, I lay on the bed exhausted after spending the better part of the day going over umpteen possible suspects and creating profiles, some of which were based on the notes I’d shared with Zeke and the crew. It yielded nothing significant though, so I’d just have to keep digging. I couldn’t believe Zeke still wanted to include me in his investigation. Perhaps it was an unspoken apology for his insinuations. That’s how I chose to see it anyway.
“Don’t think I don’t see what you’re doing, Jess. Spill the beans on why you were featured on the Shifter News. One”
I spent the next few minutes giving her a censured version of what happened. She wasn’t one bit pleased with Bucky’s lies and I got the impression his woes weren’t over. “Enough about me how are you, mama-to-be?”
 “Almost there. I can’t wait because I feel like I’ve been pregnant forever.” Her voice trembled a little and I was fairly certain I heard a sniffle.
“What’s up, Ivy?” Silence greeted me on the other end and I knew she was crying salty tears. “C’mon, tell me what’s wrong.” A shudder and more crying followed. “Don’t make me go up there and shake it out of you,” I laughed mirthlessly.
“Jess, I haven’t told anyone,” she puled, “but I’m really scared.”
“About what?”
“That it’s too big to come out.” Sobs came through the line. “I had a dream that it ripped my lady bits to shreds on the way out.”
“No way will that happen!” My birthing knowledge was non-existent, but now was not the time to mention that.
“How do you know?”
“All right, let’s use a process of elimination to determine if you can accommodate the baby’s size on its way into this world. Okay? The questions are gonna be quick-fire style.”
“Oh-okay.” More sniffles followed a loud emptying of the nasal cavities. “I’m ready.”
“Had any ultrasounds?”
“Three.”
“Feedback?”
“All good.”
“Growth rate?”
“Normal.”
“Due date?”
“Yep, right on track.”
“Great! Then there’s nothing to worry about.”
“You do realize a head the size of honey melon will be coming out of my floop!”
“Look, if the baby was humungous they would’ve scheduled a C-section.”
“Not true. They didn’t tell Melinda Sands anything until they used a chain saw to get her Karl out.”
“It was a scalpel, not a chain saw.”
“Twenty seven stitches it took to close her up after that bowling ball head was born! She said afterwards her v-jay-jay looked like a beach tote!”
 “Have you seen Karl senior? He’s as big a troll and she’s like a water nymph. Honestly! What did they expect?”
“You’re really not helping here,” she wailed.
“Okay, okay then. If we look at this from a genes aspect, you’d have an idea. Right?”
“I guess.”
“So, tell me how much did you weigh at birth?”
“About five pounds. That’s according to the watch guard, Lucia Honeymeadow. My mother thought she’d gotten the disposable kind of baby and dumped me at the orphanage a day or two later.”
“Five pounds? You light weight,” I teased gently. Nobody at the orphanage had a happy beginning, obviously, or we wouldn’t have ended up there. Her story was no different than mine. “And the baby’s daddy? Was he a big baby?”
“No idea.”
“Okay. How big is he as an adult then?”
“I get where you’re going with this. Thanks. I’ll sort it out.” Munching sounds came over the phone.
The subject was closed as soon as talk of the father came up. Very mysterious.“Whatcha eating?”
“Tweedle Doodles. The stripy kind.”
“From Sweety Pop’s?”
“Oh Yes.” With her mouth fairly full she asked, “how’d that saffron thing pan out for you?”
“Actually, that’s why I was calling you. I wanted to use it on someone who got branded – I need to erase the mark. If I mix the saffron with ink imbued with a removal spell do you think there are any risks?”
“What’s the brand? A tattoo?”
“Uhmm….no. It’s seared into the skin.” I pulled down the side of my t-shirt and sighed inwardly. “It’s pretty deep too.”
“How was it made?”
“They don’t know.” I had no recollection of anything after Zeke put me to sleep.
“Well that’s not much to go on,” she complained. “Still, it sounds like a claiming brand. Iffy things they are. Unpredictable too, especially when the person doesn’t know how it was made.”
“So you don’t recommend removal then?”
 She munched some more. “It depends on the nature of the claim and the power of the one who did the branding.”
“The person thinks there was a lot of power involved.”
Ivy stopped munching. “Then fight fire with fire. Just a pinch of the saffron could level a building, so you’d have to apply it grain-by-grain. You might need a few sessions to be rid of it.”
“Oh okay.” Crap! I didn’t have a grain extractor….on account of them being illegal. The consensus was, if you had something so powerful just a grain could cause destruction, you shouldn’t have a grain extractor.
“You can borrow mine” she added glibly, as if reading my mind.
“You’re an angel! Thank you!”
“Go to the alley next to Snake Bite tomorrow. I’ll have Paul drop it off.”
“We need to do this during the lull.”
“Good idea. Say four a.m. Most nocturnals will be gone and the day walkers will be just waking up.”
“Sounds good to me.”
“Hey Jess, can you get a box of Fizzerz from that place in The Yards? I’m just drooling thinking about them.”
“You got it,” I smiled and hung up then tossed the phone on the bed and dragged my hands through my hair wondering how the heck I was going to pull off the pick-up. Leaving The Yards alone will be like trying to cross the Armistice Line while burning an effigy of Kim Jung Un.
The following day, I entered Inkspot about fifteen minutes after it opened. The place was bustling with clients, music was thumping out a steady beat, the artists were busy with their appointments and several people stood around the reception area waiting to be served. The phone was ringing non-stop, but nobody was answering. If I wasn’t tattooing then, perhaps, helping out around the salon could be an alternative.
Cam, one of the tattooists, looked up and frowned then said something to his colleagues, Pete and Rick. They all eyed me suspiciously. I wasn’t surprised when Rick left his client momentarily and approached me. He was a wolf-shifter, dominant and serious with a strong protective streak that was currently coming off of him in heavy waves. “Jess” he nodded.
“Rick.”
“Can we talk for a second?” He thumbed toward the back.
“Sure.”
He led me to the office at the rear of the shop then closed the door. He didn’t bother sitting down, but stood across from me, arms folded and a deep frown marring his handsome features. “Look, I’m going to give it to you straight.” He looked like he’d prefer to have hot wax poured over his very hairy chest and slowly peeled off.
“That’d be best.”
“Zeke may have brought you in here to replace Meat, but people see you like some angel of death right now. No offense, but business is good again and I need the work.”
“You’re saying I’d scare away the clientele.” No surprise there.
“It’s a bummer, I know, because your ink is like the fucking best. Ling told me he just got his hands on some Hell fire ink. Now, I’d give my left nut to try it because I know it’s yours – nobody’s capable of making that shit only you. But damn, Jess, even though we all totally respect your work, you’re bad news right now and unless you change up to look like that TJ broad, we’d have to close shop again.”
It was the perfect sandwich of praise and rejection. But I couldn’t blame him for being honest. I was bad news if you looked at the amount of people I’d purportedly offed. “Hey, don’t worry about it. I just came in to pick up my designs. I left them behind the other day.” A lie, but a necessary one to save face.
He seemed to visibly deflate with relief. “Cool, because I really don’t want any bad blood between us.”
To me, that translated to ‘I don’t want to be your next victim.’ “Rick, we’re good.” A wide smile slathered my face and it was as fake as a politician’s promise. “Now, go on back to your client or you’ll lose your tip.”
He clasped my hand in a bro handshake and tapped my back. “Great! Thanks for understanding. See you around, Jess.”
It felt like a walk of shame on the way out of the tattoo parlour, but I held my head high while clasping the folder of papers. They weren’t my designs, but blank pages. Things had hit a new low.
Bayside Beans Café had a corner table which, perhaps inadvertently, served to shelter introverts or social outcasts from prying eyes and judgemental stares. The table’s cheery yellow parasol tilted a little lower than the others on the patio, and the decorative hedging of the window boxes dividing up the seating section was a little higher. It created a perfect curtain to seek solitude while I grabbed a bite to eat and mulled over the various issues currently playing on my mind. The weather was milder today and I was grateful to be outdoors and alone.
The young lynx shifter passed by with a loaded tray and a warm smile and said he’d be right back to take my order. I glimpsed at the familiar symbol of fealty on his inner wrist. Zeke’s crested were accepted and protected unconditionally in their community. My mark wasn’t visible, but I doubted it would alter anyone’s opinion of me. To them, I was dangerous, a threat. I may have been included in discussions with Shay, Jonah and Jimmy, but Zeke never declared me innocent of the accusations weighing against me. I needed to keep in mind that I was nothing but an outsider here and was only hired to help investigate Bossman’s death. Of course, Zeke paying my debt to Cato and then branding me complicated things, but maybe I could negotiate a payment plan. First off, I needed to erase the mark - hopefully without him noticing.
“Coffee and Croissants,” the waiter announced.
My eyes widened when I saw the amount of food. “Sorry, I think there’s been a mistake. It’s only for one.”
He just smiled and placed the huge tray of edibles, along with a large pot of coffee, on the table then added an assortment of cream, milk and sugar and left. I whipped around wondering if this was someone’s idea of a practical joke. Instead I saw Jimmy, Shay and Jonah heading over to my table.
“Thought you could hide out here in peace,” Shay teased.
Jimmy pinched her fingers together and passed them quickly in front of my face. “It don’t work that way around here, Peaches.”
“Zeke asked you to follow me?” That was a stupid question. Of course he did. He wanted to ensure no more lives were lost.
“Nope.” Jonah poured a coffee. “We went to pick you up at your place to have breakfast but you were already gone. We saw you coming out of Inkspot and followed you here.”
“Why did you go to there anyway?” Shay enquired while glaring at Jonah for taking the chocolate croissant.
“I hope you wasn’t thinking ‘bout working when you just got your ass out of hospital?” Jimmy chided maternally.
 “I forgot my designs. That’s all.”
“These here designs?” Jimmy picked up the blank pages which I’d left next to my bag. I made a grab for them as my cheeks flushed red. Her eyes took on the look of someone seeing a pitiful child. “Y’ain’t foolin’ nobody at this table. You’re struggling. We know. But we’re here.”
“But you don’t even know me,” I pushed back gently, “not really. And anyway, I’m not good company.”
Jimmy rolled her eyes. “We’re your friends and the sooner you capiche dat shit, the easier things are gonna get for you.”
“Yeah,” Shay added with a grin. “You’re not the worst of them.”
Jonah nodded. “You’re growing on us. You know…a bit like fungus.”
As everyone laughed, I couldn’t help but feel they were being genuine. It was almost surreal to hear they were in my corner. I mean I know they worked for Zeke, and their loyalties lay with him, but I believed them when they said they wanted to hang out with me. “Thanks guys. It means a lot to me.”
We chatted for a while about different things. Jimmy put the last croissant on my plate. “Get that food into you girl, put some meat on them bones.”
“Hey Jess,” Shay began, “Zeke says we should take a drive along a certain area of the I-50 and bring you with us. Know anything about that?”
“He didn’t say anything else?” I wiped my hands in the napkin. The food at this café was so good, as was the coffee.
“Nope.”
I told them I’d fill them in after I’d been to the washroom. When I got back to the table, my steps faltered. Everyone had gone and in their place, Zeke sat with a fresh pot of coffee in front of him, looking all bronzed and relaxed in a white shirt and grey dress pants. His blond hair was slightly tousled and his green eyes sparkled with amusement.
“Good morning, Jess.”
“Hi. Where did everyone go?”
“I called a town hall meeting for tonight. The guys went to prep some things.”
“The meeting’s for everyone in the community?” How could they accommodate so many people?
“Just leader representatives.” He topped up my cup with coffee. “I expect a full room nonetheless.”
“Is this a regular thing, your town hall meetings?”
“Messages are usually communicated informally through The Yards Intranet. But for matters where discussion is needed, the Town Hall format works best.” He emptied his cup and placed the mug on the table. “I’ll need you to be there with me tonight.”
“Uhmm…that’s probably not a good idea.” As far as I was concerned pariahs were best hidden away from curious stares, not paraded out for all to see.
“You’re crested now. So, I’ll be introducing you to the leaders as a member of this community. Once your status has been confirmed, it should help with your integration here.”
He really believed I could be integrated even when most of the community thought I was a murderer and he, himself, didn’t believe I was an alchemist witch. But that aside, I wouldn’t be crested for much longer and all of this would be a waste of time.
“Isn’t it better to wait a few weeks then just put up an announcement on your virtual bulletin board?” Or maybe a Wanted dead or alive poster.
“There are other topics to be examined, but your introduction will take precedence.”
“Zeke, I’d prefer not to be a part of this. People aren’t going to change their minds about me. They’ll still see me as a Harbinger of Death.”
 “Their acceptance of you is not optional. They were all welcomed to the fold in more or less the same manner and were glad of it.” He didn’t like the possibility of people challenging someone he had chosen. “The meeting will begin and end with you.”
That sounded like some long and drawn out thing. “What time does it start?”
“Nine p.m. at the theatre.”
I stood up, hooking my bag over my shoulder. “Okay, I’ll see you there.”
“You need to be somewhere?” He appeared amused about something.
“Just leaving you to your day. I thought you’d have other things to do. Meetings and stuff.”
“I wanted you to show me the wooded area out by the 1-50 that was in Bossman’s mind.”
“Okay, sure. I’ll try to find it.” I shrugged.
“Shay, Jonah and Jimmy will follow us there.”
“Shouldn’t the Peace-Keepers be investigating that place instead of us?”
“They should, but when I spoke to my contacts inside the department, they said without proof and an exact location there isn’t much they can do. What that translates to is, the land belongs to the Raider Wolves and the Peace-Keepers don’t want to rattle those bastards’ cage. Past interactions on both sides have always been tumultuous.”
“So why are we going out to their territory then?”
“Because the Raiders owe me and I’m coming to collect.”
It took about six different attempts, but I eventually spotted the land off an old exit ramp. A sign indicated the egress was closed to all traffic, but nothing blocked us from taking it. “I think this is the place.” To his credit, Zeke was extremely patient and never once seemed put-out by my difficulty in finding the location.
“Did you guys get that?” Zeke had me put Shay, Jonah and Jimmy on speaker phone as they trailed us.
“Coming up behind you now,” Shay responded.
We parked the cars off road and surveyed the high, dense brush leading to the woods. “There’s probably a trail around somewhere. You can’t carry bodies out here on a regular basis and not disturb the foliage.” Zeke pushed his sunglasses on his head and looked in both directions.
Jonah pointed to his left. “They’d want to be completely out of sight, so I’d say we’ll find an entry point around that curve in the road.”
“I can locate it,” Shay offered.
Zeke shook his head. “Best I step on their lands first.”
We hopped back into our respective cars and I lowered the window as we crept along the bend. It didn’t take long to find, not only the entrance to a beaten path, but deep tire tracks too. “Right here,” I said. “But try and stay on the asphalt. There’s a muddy tire trail in the earth.”
“Probably rained hard the last time they were here.”
We exited the cars and followed Zeke as he carefully manoeuvred around the dirt path so as not to disturb anything. The mid-morning sun filtered through the thick stretch of wood as we continued up a slight incline.
“Long way to carry a body,” Zeke remarked aloud.
“Sure is,” Shay replied.
We stopped at the edge of a rocky slope culminating in a wide mound of soft earth. Shay and Jonah wended their way down the incline then crouched low and began sniffing the ground. A deep rumbling growl came from Shay followed by a sharp snarl from Jonah. Both men moved in opposite directions covering a wide patch of terrain. They behaved like sniffer dogs and I wondered what type of shifter they were because it certainly wasn’t something I could decipher.
“What are they doing?” I looked up at Zeke who stood to my left. Jimmy moved to my right.
“They’ve found bodies. Sniffed them out.”
Shay jogged back up. “The entire area has cadavers scattered beneath the soil. We’ve got some fresh ones - mostly female.”
“Raiders approaching,” Jimmy interrupted.
Four monstrously large, leather-clad men walked abreast as they approached from the right. They looked rough, wild and menacing. “Jimmy,” Zeke said without taking his eyes off of them, “take Jess back to the apartment right now.”
“Sure thing Z.” Jimmy turned to me and smiled. “Peaches, hold my hand tight and do not vomit on my new pumps.”
“Why would I – Oh holy Horai!!” We were sucked into a spinning vortex that revolved at a sickening speed. Just as I was about to hurl, we stopped dead in my living room. My head urged me to try and make it to the couch, whereas my body said, the floor will do just fine. I ended up sprawled face down beside the coffee table.
“Hang tight, child. That spinnin’s gonna stop real soon. S’always like that the first time then you kinda get used to it.” Jimmy sat with elegant poise on the armchair while I gripped the carpet so I wouldn’t fall off.
After a minute, when it was safe to sit up, I lay down on the couch and waited out the residual vertigo. “Are the guys going to be okay?”
“Of course they’s gonna be fine,” Jimmy tutted. “Those Raiders are nasty but they’re not stupid. Only a fool would take on Zeke and think he’d win.”
“So why did we leave?”
She smirked knowingly. “You gotta ask him that yourself.”
“I’ll ask him at that town hall thing tonight.”
“How you feelin’ now?” Jimmy eyed me with a strange look.
“Getting there. Why?”
“Good! ‘Cause we’s going shopping. I am so sick and tired of seeing you going ‘round like you some rag-a-muffin, musty old doll.” She flicked away imaginary fluff from her deep purple, satin blouse.
“My clothes are fine.” The jeans I’d put on this morning were clean as was the grey t-shirt I’d bought in a thrift store a few months back.
“Oh they’re fine, if you’re preparing to hose out horse shit.” She stood up, snapped a bag from thin air and pushed it into the crux of her elbow. “Chop-chop, we’re leaving. Now.”
And suddenly the solution to the problem of slipping out of The Yards unnoticed was right before me. “Jimmy, how about we strike a deal?”
She glanced at me suspiciously from the corner of her eye. “What kind of deal. I don’t like the sound of that.”
“I’ll go along quietly on this shopping trip, and in return, you’ll get me out of The Yards undetected.”
“Are you high?” She fisted a manicured hand on her slim hip. “You think I’m gonna get you outta here ‘n Zeke won’t know?”
 “Even if he does know, you can cover for me.”
“You must’ve banged your head girl because it sounds like you want me to deceive that man.”
 “It’s not deceiving. It’s just….ahhm….not telling him what we’re doing.”
“That’s deceiving.”
“Jimmy, pleeease…can you do this for me?”
“And what you doing that you need to go out un-de-tected?”
“I just need a tool for my ink that someone has to return to me.”
“And they can’t come here?”
“Nope.”
“It’s not anything that’s gonna harm anyone?”
“No. I swear. This is for me. Only for me.”
“What time are you supposed to meet this someone?”
“At four in the morning.In Fern View Square.”
“Gurl, that sounds like a drug deal.”
“It’s not. It’s a tool. That’s all.”
“And for this, I get to choose your clothes?”
“Within reason. Yes.”
“No, I need carte blanche.”
“As long as there are no sequins, cocktail dresses or plunging neck lines.”
She smiled and said “okay. I can work with that.”
“Great! Thank you, Jimmy.”
“You better not make me regret this.”
“I won’t, I promise.” I grabbed my wallet and followed her out the door. “Oh, and I’ll need to pick up a couple of boxes of Fizzerz as well.”
The theatre hall was so packed people lined the walls on either side of the great room, as well as the balconies jutting above on the second level. Massive television screens flanked the centre stage to provide optimal viewing for those further back. From my position in the wings, I observed Zeke walk to the podium and face the crowd.
“He’s gonna do his spiel then he’s gonna introduce you,” Jimmy whispered from behind me.
“How do you know?” We’d gotten back twenty minutes ago from the most torturous shopping trip I’d ever had, and with barely enough time to shower and change. It was an experience I’d never want to repeat. “Is this really how all new members are introduced?”
“Not exactly. And stop pulling on that hem. It’s meant to be that length.”
Jimmy had chosen a skin-tight red dress that, despite the long sleeves and turtle-neck, was way too sexy for a gathering like this. “It’s barely sitting mid-thigh!” I retorted lowly. “And I swear, I’ll fall out of these heels.”
“You’re the bomb girl,” Jimmy chuckled softly. “I knows ‘cause only this Jinn-fairy godmother could fix your scraggly ass and change you into the bee-u-tiful woman that you are. Now come closer for the finishing touch.”
I leaned away from the cosmetic in her hand. “I don’t need more lipstick -”
“It’s just a dab of gloss.” She smathered my lips before I could protest, “aaaand smack.” We smacked simultaneously then she smiled. “My work here is done.”
Jimmy had spun her Jinn magic and styled my hair and make-up in minutes. Admittedly, I gasped when I saw the end result. I still don’t know how she got my hair to look so shiny. “So you’ll come to my apartment before four in the morning, right?”
“…ladies and gentlemen, our newest member, Miss Jess Darrows!”
“Sure,” Jimmy said. “Now go!”
Her slight shove almost toppled me over, but I quickly regained my balance before walking onto the stage. Zeke had his back turned to me and was clapping with the crowd. He turned as the applause volume increased. It was fleeting, but there was no denying how his eyes popped and his mouth gaped open before he locked down the effect the outfit generated.
“Welcome, Jess,” he smiled and extended his arm as I approached.
The noise died down as Zeke took my hand and guided me to the podium where he remained at my side. He didn’t let go of my hand. Nobody would see that through the wood panelling, but I guessed it was because he thought I’d bail.
“Thank you,” I smiled as Jimmy had instructed, and nodded my head at three different areas of the room, so people would think I was acknowledging them. My heart raced so quickly, I felt it would burst out of my rib cage.
“I’d invite you anywhere darlin’!” Some shifter heckled from the back. The room erupted into laughter and other comments were thrown about liberally. Most involved me having a good time with them, but in a flirty, not rude, way.
“Alright, that’s enough,” Zeke advised, raising his hands. “Let’s stay polite.” To me he said, “Jess why don’t you tell us a little bit about yourself.”
I threw Zeke a fleeting glance that clearly expressed, that’s not a good idea. But he didn’t respond verbally, or non-verbally, which sent my stress level through the roof. Jimmy didn’t mention anything about having to talk. “Uhm…maybe, it’s better if you ask me a question?”
Another heckler interrupted. “Whatchya doin later? I can show you a real good time.”
Zeke leaned closer to the microphone, “Lyle Granger, get the fuck out! I will deal with you tomorrow.” Shay and Jonah escorted a forty-something man outside and a pregnant silence filled the room. “If anyone has a genuine question for Jess, ask away, but any smut and I’ll come down and deal with you myself.”
“Hi Jess.” A woman, in her late fifties, who was seated in the front row stood up. Her white hair, generous curves, grey eyes and tan skin combined to make her a beautiful grandmother type. The tattoos and piercings denoted a wild streak. “I’m Willa Karr. I heard you’re over at Inkspot now. Is that true?”
“Hi Willa,” I waved, which in retrospect seemed a bit dorky. “I don’t work at Inkspot, but I do make ink.”
“Hey Willa,” Zeke interjected. “Good question. I’ve asked Jess to supply our ink for now. But we’re working on getting her back to tattooing. She’s got some wicked skills there.”
Oh boy, were we going to have a chat later!
“Hi Jess, Roy Appleton here.” A thin man in his late sixties, sitting in the balcony nearest the stage, leaned forward and rested his arms on the railing. “Now I don’t mean to offend none, but folks ‘round here are saying y’all are involved with a few shady characters, some of who’ve died under mysterious circumstances. Now Sam wasn’t shady by any means, but your name’s come up there as well. Can you talk to that?”
“Thanks Roy,” Zeke interjected while stepping forward and partially blocking me. “The deaths are being investigated by the proper authorities. Miss Darrows is not part of any on-going inquiry.”
“So why was she associated with them? Or at least her ink was,” Roy persisted.
“She was not. The investigation is on-going but does not involve her.” Zeke was calm and concise, but there were grumblings in the hall. “Let me make something perfectly clear, folks.” A hush fell over the room. “If I accept someone to wear my crest, I don’t do so lightly. But once that decision is made, it is because I deem them trustworthy; I deem them to be an asset in helping us continue to shape this safe and prosperous community, and because I know their true place is here. I will defend and protect them as I would defend and protect any one of you. Now, if someone here, or in your packs, covens, lairs or dens has a problem with Jess Darrows being in this community, you can come see me and we’ll discuss that together. But nobody, and I mean nobody, is to lay a hand on her. Understood?” A general grumbling of yeses passed about but that didn’t seem to satisfy Zeke. “I’d like to hear from the leaders present.”
Several men and women stood, Willa included. All were on board with me being in the community except two, who said they’d like to talk to Zeke. I didn’t even really note what their beef was because I was still in shock from Zeke declaring that he trusted me. I hadn’t gotten the memo on that, but it was nice to hear. I just wasn’t sure if it was real.
 “I’ll meet you both right after we’ve wrapped up here,” he said evenly. “Alright, let’s take a ten minute break and we’ll move onto the financial results of the last quarter.”
With his hand pressed against my lower back, Zeke led me off stage. I went to leave, but he captured my hand in his and beckoned me to follow him. Trailing behind with our hands still joined, he stopped at an unmarked door, ushered me inside and closed it behind him.
Nude bulbs contouring three mirrors lit up the white make-up stations to a dazzling degree. Swivelling white chairs were positioned in front of each station and Zeke pulled two of them out, motioned me to be seated then occupied the other.
“What is it?” I asked and crossed my legs. His eyes trailed up as far as my thighs then met my gaze. “You did well out there.”
“Okay,” I responded neutrally, but in reality, his few words of praise made me feel happy and proud. How pathetic was that? “Did you find any -.” His finger shot to his lips in a bid to shush me. I frowned and mouthed “bodies?”
He leaned in and spoke lowly beside my ear. “We estimate over forty, but there could be more if they’re buried deeper. The Raiders are going to ‘discover’ them tomorrow and call in the Peace-Keepers.”
“So what now?”
“I did some digging about the guy who’s supposed to be killing all these girls, Big Poh, but I couldn’t get a hit on him anywhere. He has to be tied in with Cato though, so I’m going to try a different tactic and see if that works.”
“What’s the tactic?”
“Why?” He looked at me as if it was wrong to have asked.
“Uhm…Just curious.” Hadn’t he just announced to his community that I was trustworthy enough to stay amongst his flock? I guess I’d been right after all and it had only been for show. It made me feel a lot less guilty about erasing his brand.
“You don’t need to know.”
 “That’s fine,” I replied standing. My skirt had inched up higher and I really wanted to tug it down, but I thought screw it, he’d seen plenty of legs before; probably been between them even more often than a gynaecologist.
Returning to a normal volume he said, “I’ll drop by your apartment after the meeting. We can talk then.”
I pulled open the door and glanced over my shoulder, “I won’t be there.”
He bristled slightly. “Why’s that?”
“Got a date.” I clicked my tongue and smiled. Jimmy said my reward for trying on, not one, but three cocktail dresses, was a night out clubbing at Stacked with her and her Jinn friends, whom I’d yet to meet.
“Really?” His jaw clenched momentarily. “And who is your so-called date?”
“Lyle Granger,” I laughed.
He smiled, but stalked over forcing me up against the door while caging me between his arms. “Tell me, Jess.”
“Don’t worry, Dad. I can look after myself. I’m a big girl.” I was enjoying seeing him get riled, while trying to come across as ultra cool.
“I’ve branded you, Miss Darrows.” He feathered a kiss along my cheek. “No man in his right mind will try and take what’s mine.”
Before I could register it, he’d spun me around, opened the door and left.
My fingers skimmed along my cheek where his lips had touched my skin. Two questions revolved in my mind– why didn’t he say I looked nice? And what the hell kind of brand had I?
“C’mon, knock back that Hairy Carpet gurl, this is my favourite song!”
Jimmy and I chugged down our pink shooters, slammed the glasses on the table and hauled ass onto the dance floor. We waved as we passed the three Jinns at our table, two of whom looked like Gods, and another one, a woman, was mesmerizing most of the males in the crowd. They were all Jimmy’s best friends and great fun to be with. It was so wonderful to just kick back and have fun.
The music thumped a bass so deep it pulsed through my heart, and in no time we were moving with a sea of people on the dance floor, losing ourselves in the music. The heat was rising, along with the energy, and I was so grateful that Jimmy had forced me to change into something cooler. The black leather halter-neck mini dress made me self-conscious for all of five minutes, after which I thought, it’s perfect for a club and that’s the only place I’d ever wear it.
I’d had a few shooters already, but was holding it well, and despite the slight buzz, was totally in control. Two songs later, the music slowed down and one of the Jinn Gods moved to dance with Jimmy, while the other appeared beside me, took my hands and wordlessly wrapped them around his waist while his arms enveloped me. He wore cologne that was sweet, yet somewhat invasive, not crisp and fresh like Zeke’s. We swayed to the music, but I began to feel a little hot and was about to tell him I needed to call it a night when Zeke appeared beside us.
Not a word was exchanged between them, but the Jinn nodded at me then left with a smile. Zeke lifted my chin to look into my eyes. “How was your date with Lyle?”
I smiled up at him. “Didn’t work out. I’m from the wrong side of the tracks and he’s nouveau riche. We were doomed from the start.”
“His loss, my gain.” He chuckled then wrapped his arms around my waist and we began swaying to the music.
It had been a very long time since I’d slow danced with a man, and even then it had felt nothing like this. Moulded to his body, the energy between us was electric. I could feel his heat and heart beat and damn, if that didn’t make me tremble a bit. Judging from the shocked looks we were receiving, it wasn’t hard to guess that Zeke didn’t have a fidelity card for this place.
Curious, I decided to probe. “At the risk of sounding cliché, do you come here often?”
“Never.” He replied as his eyes roved my face.
“Really? So, this is your club, but it’s the first time you’ve come here?”
“Pretty much.”
“Wow. So, why now?”
“I hadn’t planned on coming here, but I wanted to steal Lyle Granger’s date.”
Just then I spotted the heckler himself. He didn’t look too steady on his feet and began making his way toward us. He’d surely do or say something to get on the wrong side of Zeke. It was best if I slipped away before any kind of trouble started.
“Everything okay, Jess?”
“Yeah, but I think I’ll leave now.”
“No problem. Let me bring you home?”
“Okay. I’ll just let Jimmy know.” I crossed over to where Jimmy’s head was pressed against the Jinn’s chest, a warm smile on her face, her eyelashes caressing her cheeks. I placed my hand on her arm. “Hey Jimmy, I was just leaving with Zeke. You want to come with or are you staying?”
“Staying,” she sighed and smiled wider. So did the other Jinn.
“Ok, see you later then, right?” In less than three hours.
“Don’t ruin my buzz, Jess.”
“Okay, I’m gone.”
Shay was behind the wheel of Zeke’s car that was right in front of the club entrance. Opening the back door, Zeke held my hand as I lowered myself inside as carefully as possible. I was pretty sure I flashed a bit of thong because of the outfit.
“Shay, you must have crazy work hours.” I noted as Zeke sat in very close to me despite the roomy interior.
He just laughed. “But I got the best job, ever.”
“Happy to hear it. Not many can say that.”
Less than fifteen minutes later, Zeke walked me to my door and paused. “You seem a bit on edge. Something up?”
He stood close, his thumb brushing over my hand. That wasn’t the first time he had touched me – besides the slow dance. Come to think of it, he’d brushed, grazed and held me a fair bit over the past couple of days. It must be the brand bringing out the shepherd in him. He behaved like he was attracted to me, but that couldn’t be right because a man like him didn’t fall for a girl like me. I’d never be his destination.
“No. Nothing at all. I was just curious as to why you didn’t want me around when the Raider Wolves were approaching?”
“You were an unmated female on their land. They operate from a finders-keepers perspective. I don’t think I need to draw you a picture of what the outcome could have been.”
“It’s crystal clear. Thanks for getting me out of there.”
A feeling of crackling static energy flowed between us as he drew closer.
“Right,” I thumbed toward the door. “I’ll call it a night.”
His leaf green eyes hooded momentarily. “Alright then. See you tomorrow.” He leaned in and covered my mouth with those succulent lips as his hands drifted over my hips. My heart fluttered madly and I felt my arms circle his neck as his tongue passed the seam of my lips deepening the kiss. He pulled me against him and the heat of his need made me melt. A low moan escaped my throat as his magic stoked a fire within me. He suddenly broke away and casually walked the few steps to his apartment door. I instantly missed the endorphin rush he’d induced.
“By the way, Jess?”
“Mmmhhmm.” I had pressed my lips together so as not to sound breathless.
He gestured to my outfit with a lustful glance. “Jimmy’s got great taste.”
I walked inside and closed the door wearing the widest smile possible. That kiss, - whether it was genuine seduction or a ploy to earn my trust – was simply next level. But I couldn’t dwell on what just happened because I had only two hours before I was due to meet Paul and needed to get in what little sleep I could. After leaving my bag containing the boxes of Fizzerz by the door, I changed into my ratty jeans and sweatshirt then fell into bed fully dressed.
“This ain’t right,” Jimmy said looking around the deserted street that had more shadows than light. “I don’t like it. Not one bit. Place gives me the creeps.”
My head was still reeling from the vortex-spinny thing that, thankfully, passed quickly. The recovery time wasn’t even a minute and I hadn’t needed to lie down. Not that there was somewhere to lie down. We were stood in the dark stoop of an abandoned building just a few yards from the Snake Bite bar. From our position, I’d be able to see when Paul showed up.
 “It’ll be fine,” I whispered. “You’d better get back before you set off some sort of Zeke alarm.”
Right on the dot of four a.m., a black wolf stepped out from the high weeds growing through the broken wire fencing framing both sides of the alley. Amber eyes honed in on me before slinking back into the shadows. With a furtive glance in both directions, I crossed the street and quickly joined Paul in the alley recesses.
“Hey there buddy,” I whispered and patted the thick, soft fur on his neck as he sat down. Strapped to his back was a small black carrier, I quickly retrieved the grain extractor and placed it in my backpack on the ground. “These are for the cravings,” I whispered then put a box of Fizzerz in each side pocket for balance. I checked they were securely zipped then patted him once more. “See you soon.” He whined softly then darted away.
I turned around to find a double barrel shotgun an inch from my face. Vivian, Snake Bite’s malicious owner, was on the other end. Well into her sixties with wizened features, black eyes and a nest of frizzy, unkempt hair, she was venom personified.
“What kinda deals you doin’ on my land?” The contours of her teeth were blackened and spittle flew liberally when she spoke.
Keeping my voice strong, I stood up and looked her straight in the eye. “The alley is neutral, Vivian, and you know it.” She cackled and I cringed inwardly, wondering what had her so, maniacally, jolly.
“Not anymore. This strip belongs to me now and you’re trespassing.”
“Yeah, well until you put a sign up, people are going to keep using it.”
“This here gun’s my sign. Now hand over what the wolf gave you.” She pointed to the bag by my feet.
I casually pushed my hands into the pockets of my denim jacket. “The wolf gave me nothing.” And I’d stick to that lie even if she had seen the transaction go down.
“S’your funeral.” The click told me she’d cocked the gun and wasn’t afraid to use it. “But I’ll be getting it one way or another.”
I looked behind her and shook my head. A silly ruse, but it distracted her long enough for me to throw a fistful of ink toward her while uttering a spell. A thick blue fog swirled upwards, shielding me. She screamed in frustration and fired the gun. I got hit in the ankle and went down hard. She began barking orders I couldn’t understand. If I didn’t get out of here now, I may not have the opportunity later. Strong hands suddenly grabbed me through the shield and then everything started to spin, sickeningly. I landed on the ground and gritted my teeth against the pain in my ankle. The powdered ink fell in a cloud of fine blue dust, covering all the surfaces of…a gym? Jimmy stood in front of me waving away the fine particles with a look of disgust.
“Where are we? It’s in The Yards, La Mer, right?”
“Of course it’s La Mer! Where else would I bring your trouble-making ass? Plus you’re dripping blood an’ covered in soot, so I’m definitely not bringing you to my crib or yours.” She crouched down close to me. “Need this?” My back pack dangled from her index finger.
“Oh Goddess, thanks!!!” I clutched it to my chest, so happy I hadn’t lost it.
“Goddess? Ain’t no Goddess got you out of that scrap. It was me.”
 “You’re right, and you were so freaking awesome! Thank you so much.”
 “If Zeke asks, I had no idea what was happening and you kept me in the dark. We clear?”
“Well, yeah! Jimmy, jeez, I’d never stool on you.”
“Good, ‘cause The Yards the best gig I ever had an’ I don’t want that jeopardized.” She fisted a hand on her hip. “Now, lemme look at that ankle.”
I pulled up the leg of my jeans and carefully removed my running shoe and sock. It was bleeding and swollen, but the bullet hadn’t gone through. It just took a chunk of skin with it. “It’s not too bad.”
“I’ll be able to fix you up. But first, get your ass in the shower while I go get you a change of clothes. We’ll need to hurry, the gym opens in fifteen minutes.”
With five minutes to spare, I exited the shower fully refreshed. There wasn’t a trace of grime left, but I couldn’t hide the heavy limp. The recovery time for being shot was more than a few minutes. Jimmy left workout clothes beside the stall and even managed to dust off my backpack, removing all evidence of my encounter with Vivian. I owed her, big time.
 Hobbling to the exit, I gave a last look over my shoulders, pulled the door open and walked into a solid wall of muscle.
“Working out?” Zeke stood an inch from me, but wasn’t dressed to exercise. He wore his usual whiter than white shirt and dress pants.
“Just checking out the facilities,” I responded casually, but inside, my heart was doing the mambo.
“That includes showering?” He leaned against the door frame, seemingly feeling very smug about something.
“Don’t you know women at all? I teased. “The shower is the selling point.”
“I’m somewhat familiar with women,” he replied, tongue in cheek. “So, did the place meet with your approval?”
“Not quite. There’s no hair dryer, and the person who thought of putting frosted glass doors on the bathroom stalls, definitely wasn’t a woman.”
“I’ll take your comments under consideration.”
I went to move past him but he noticed my limp. “Did you hurt yourself?”
“Just a light sprain. I’m good.”
“You sure?”
“Yep.”
His hand covered mine, “want to have breakfast with me?” He smiled hopefully. “Bayside Beans isn’t open, but they know I’m an early riser. They usually let me in.”
A stunning raven-haired, leggy model -needing no reason to work out whatsoever - paused behind Zeke, who was blocking the doorway. “Oh hi, Zeke. Didn’t know you were a fan of the gym.”
He glanced over his shoulder. “Charlie,” he mumbled by way of a greeting and stepped aside.
She stopped, passed a delicate hand along his arm and smiled wickedly, “let me know if you’re up for a workout.”
“Not my thing,” he stated, expressionless.
She gave me her back, blocking me completely, as if I didn’t exist. She probably thought I was the cleaner. I moved to the side to inch closer to the exit. “You sure about that? You’re in such great shape,” she smiled while touching his bicep.
“Like I said, not my thing.”
“Really?” She pouted in a way that surely had guys fall at her feet. “You should come…try our new -”
I slipped away unnoticed and left Zeke to flirty, leggy, Charlie. Instead of taking the elevator, I found the stairwell and began climbing. By the time I reached the top floor, the pain in my ankle was horrendous, I was sweating like a pig and my breathing was like one at a Lamaze class. I fished the keys out of my jacket, went inside and locked the door behind me.
Dropping the bag by the coffee table, I went to the kitchen and took a long drink of cool water before shuffling back to the couch and free-falling onto it. I lay there thinking that I really needed life to become a little less crazy.
A few minutes later I started a short cleansing ritual using a sage mixture. It was the first step in erasing the crest. My phone chimed notifying me of an incoming message. I chose to ignore it in order to focus on setting up the spell. The text tone continued to ping, invading my thoughts and preventing me from concentrating, so I plucked the device from my jacket pocket and looked at the screen.
Zeke: Jess, where did you go?
Jimmy: Gurl, that man be looking for your ass. Where’s you at?”
Shay: Call Zeke. I’m trying to fucking sleep!
Jonah: Call Zeke. Shay’s pissed….and I’m getting there.
Zeke: I’m at the café but you’re not here. I don’t want to use the mark to locate you Jess, but I am concerned because of your injury. Please call me.
I quickly created a group message and responded. I’m fine. No worries. Just need a nap.
It was silly as texts go, but it would do the job to let them know I was okay.
A final chime sounded.
Jimmy: He’s alright now ‘coz he knows where you’re at. He activated the mark so he could link with you. If you see the brand shimmering for a few minutes, it’s normal. So don’t FTFO.”
Pulling aside my top, I saw the glowing golden embers illuminating the crest.
Jess: Thanks for the head’s up, Jimmy. XX
Using my Om-patterned alter cloth, I laid out the items needed for the spell, the reversal ink in powder format; a measuring spoon, matches, a pestle and mortar, the possessed saffron, the grain extractor, six white candles, one black one as well as black salt. Moving to a space on the floor that would accommodate the casting, I brought the cloth and items close to my crossed legs then sprinkled the salt around me to form a protective circle. Raising my hands in the air, I took a deep breath, set my intention then spoke clearly and with purpose.
“I call on the seven directions this day. I thank you for joining me. I ask you to unite with me, direct me and liberate me from the brand searing my skin, for it binds me in a way I did not consent to.”
I lit each candle beginning with the white ones calling on the spirit of each of the four directions. I continued in the same way for the remaining three directions. “Sprits below, I welcome you, Spirits above, I welcome you.” I lit the final, black candle. “Spirit within, I welcome you.”
Taking the minute measuring spoon, I heaped three potions of powdered ink into the pestle. Pulling the grain extractor closer, I took a pinch of saffron from Ivy’s container and sprinkled it in the extractor then added the crank and turned it once. A loud pop sounded right before a barely audible clink followed. Inside the receptacle was a single opal grain. I let it fall into the pestle, ground it with the mortar and blended it with the powdered ink. Placing both hands above the granules, I cast the spell.
“Crest on my skin that is not mine,” I put my index finger in my mouth and lathered it with saliva. “Engraved by Zeke, line by line.” I dipped my moist finger into the pestle. The floor started to rumble as if machinery was being operated below. I shook the distraction off and focused on the spell. “Release his control and erase his brand.” I wiped the powder over the contours of the crest. Everything that had a door suddenly started opening and closing, violently. Cabinet doors, room doors, even the fridge door that was supposed to be hermetically sealed clanged open and shut.
With a final long lick along my hand, I sprinkled the powder over my palm and each digit then placed my hand to my breast covering the mark completely. Closing my eyes, I uttered the final words, “And cede his power by my hand.”
The wind howled as if a tornado was about to land. Jimmy appeared in the apartment but was unable to enter the circle. She yelled something, but with the din, I couldn’t hear a word. Zeke, who wasn’t even in the apartment, whispered a gasp of shock in my ear. “Jess, what have you done?”
Then everything became deathly silent.
Chapter 7
Jimmy whirled into view and stood gobsmacked as she took in the mess and spell paraphernalia sprawled out around me. “What did you do????”
I shuffled out of the circle to the couch, “I broke the link.” Casting something that wielded such power had drained me to the point that sitting up was too hard. I just lay there, immobile.
Her eyes fell to the grain-extractor, her head shaking in disbelief. “That’s what you picked up from the wolf?” Her fingers pinched the air in front of her. “I can’t believe I helped you do that. He’ll know what I did. He’ll know I helped you.”
“Don’t worry. I’ll tell him the truth, that you had no idea what I’d planned.”
Her disappointment in me was evident. “Zeke’s almost here. This is your mess. I ain’t helping you hurt him.”
“I’m not hurting him. I just broke the bond and it wasn’t even a real bond to begin with.”
“This is so wrong,” Jimmy replied with a disappointed expression.
“You don’t understand, I had to break the connection because I did not swear fealty to him!”
“You did,” Zeke countered, entering the apartment without knocking. He closed the door and crossed the room to stand next to Jimmy. From his granite features and lack of expression, I figured he was retaining a whole lot of mad.
Feeling I was at a disadvantage being horizontal on the couch, I stood up, albeit with difficulty, but managed to keep my face as blank as his. “Zeke, I truly don’t believe I did.”
He closed the distance between us to about a foot. “I thought we covered this. I wouldn’t have been able to make the crest if you hadn’t meant what you said.”
I narrowed the space between us to mere inches and strained my neck to look him in the eye. Jeez, how tall was he anyway? If I was five feet two, he must’ve been at least six feet seven or eight. Then there was the build. The word tank came to mind, but I would not be intimidated.
“I was too injured to be completely aware of the ramifications of what you believe I said.”
 Shay and Jonah walked in without knocking and joined our little threesome. They took in the items I used to cast and Jonah balked aloud, “You’ve a grain-extractor????”
Zeke’s head snapped to the offending item, and it became clear he was unable to hide his fury. “How did this cross the boundary?” He’d moved so close now, our feet touched.
“I brought it with me.”
Zeke pinched the bridge of his nose and sighed. Shay shook his head sadly and went to explain, but Zeke cut him off. “It’s a prohibited object. It couldn’t have gotten in here unless -”
“I swear I didn’t know what she was up to,” Jimmy blurted. Panic made her eyes widen and she told Zeke everything without taking a breath. “We were in the Square last night then the wolf showed up in the alley, Jess gave the Fizzerz then Vivian came out ‘n tried to take whatever the wolf gave Jess. But then Jess made a kinda fog thing with her ink, ‘an next thing Vivian just shot her.”
“You were shot?” Nothing cool or stoic about Zeke right now, but I could see he was concerned even if he was furious with me.
“Just on her ankle,” Jimmy continued while I stood there in silence. There was no point, she was telling it exactly as it happened. “And then we came back and got her cleaned up.”
“That’s why you were at the gym earlier? Jimmy was fixing you up?”
He waited for an acknowledgement, but I was feeling chastised, like a child. He may not have meant to be over-bearing, but there was a distinct imbalance between us in this conversation – well, in general, really. We clearly were not equals – never would be.
“The bullet didn’t go through. Just grazed,” Jimmy continued. “But we have a problem with Vivian. Jess met the wolf in the alley. Vivian says the alley belongs to her now, like she bought it or some shit.”
“Who’s the wolf? Is he your boyfriend?” Zeke’s attitude had turned interrogation style.
Paul was like a brother and, as Ivy’s familiar, I’d known him since she came into her powers, but I didn’t want to implicate either of them in my mess. “This is my own business and has nothing to do with the investigation into Bossman.”
“You’ve made it my business.” His tone was frigid. He stared at me as if he was weighing up whether he’d throw me out or handcuff me to the chair. “Guys,” he said to Shay and Jonah. “Get two of those spicy diazis we have out back.”
“Sure thing Z-man,” Jonah quipped. “Where we delivering to?”
 A cunning smirk spread across Zeke’s gorgeous face. “Jess and I are going to pay our friend Vivian a visit.”
I was about to protest, but Jimmy’s gasp unnerved me. Her fearful expression told me she’d rather wear a three-piece suit with crocs than return there. Shay and Jonah patted her on the shoulder as they left.
“Zeke -” she sniffled.
“It’s okay,” he soothed, “you don’t need to come with us.” Jimmy’s hand covered her mouth in suppressed emotion. Zeke read her like an open book. Their long history was evident in that simple gesture. “I know you were only trying to be Jess’s friend.” He threw me a look that said I’d failed her big time. I didn’t blame him; he was right. “Because that’s who you are, helpful to a fault. But right now you have too much on your plate. You could do with a break.” Jimmy looked close to tears when she nodded her agreement. “So,” Zeke continued, “why don’t you take a couple of days off? You have that thing coming up soon and the rest beforehand will do you good.”
“Are you sure?”
“You know I am.”
Jimmy leaned in and planted a chaste kiss on his cheek and took his hand. “This is why I’m here for eternity. I’d never leave your side, Zeke Bai. Never.”
Bai? That was his family name? Nobody had ever mentioned it before. I thought he was one of those one-name people, like Bjork or Ghandi. Bai? I was curious as to its origins, but didn’t think now was the time to ask questions.
“I am the privileged one, Yaqov,” Zeke said with fondness, as his hand covered Jimmy’s. So, Yaqov was Jimmy’s real name? “You’re my lamb,” he continued “as long as there’s life left in my body, I will protect you.”
“He’s so much stronger now. I can feel it. ” Jimmy shuddered fearfully.
“We’ll find a way. I promise.”
I watched the loving exchange with fascination. Something was scaring Jimmy, something Zeke couldn’t fix and it vexed him, but his words, his body language remained kind and gentle despite his feelings. He held Jimmy to him like a parent would a child and I looked away, as if intruding in a private family moment.
“I’ll see you soon,” Zeke confirmed just before Jimmy disapparated out of the room. Turning to me, he gave a long sigh. “You ready?”
 Yeah, he didn’t appreciate what I’d done to Jimmy. Guilt at how I’d upset her sat heavily in my gut. I’d make sure to do something special to apologize when I’d see her again. “If you’ll need any magical assistance when we see Vivian, I’m afraid I’m all out.”
“The only thing I need from you is to stay beside me and go along with whatever I say. Think you can manage that?”
I could’ve argued, but I’d instigated things by going to the alley and needed to right my wrongs. “Within reason.”
“It’s better than nothing,” he sighed again. “And by the way, you can’t erase my crest.”
We rode together in his flashy car to Fern View Square. You could have cut the tension with a knife within the confines of the front seats, but neither of us chose to talk. I preferred it that way, as my thoughts looped around the fact I’d gone to all that trouble to create a powerful erasing spell for his crest and failed. What did he make it with, Hell fire? The car’s phone beeped and Zeke took the call in speaker mode. A woman’s breathy voice simply said, ‘it wasn’t processed’. He didn’t say anything other than ‘okay’ then cut the connection.
Zeke pulled up outside Snake Bite and killed the engine. I went to open the door, but he held my hand and said, “allow me.” Even if he was mad at me, his manners were impeccable. He got out, came around to my side and gently took my hand. He kept his hand curled around mine as we approached the corner style entrance. A burly, troll-like bouncer I didn’t recognize stiffened his spine, but made no move to block us.
“Open the door,” Zeke voiced in a tone that could be best described as lethal. The bouncer grabbed the handle and pulled it open. As we passed inside, a chalkboard menu sign displayed the day’s special. Fresh deep-fried neck bones. A shudder passed through me wondering whose neck was being fried.
The odour of sour beer, rotten herbs and thick grease assailed the senses. The place was empty except for Vivian, and four guards who stood at either side of her, as well as Paz, who was positioned off to the side. Both of his arms were broken and covered in casts and he was incapable of looking at either of us. I wondered who or what had managed to damage the big brute so badly.
Vivian wasn’t happy about our visit, if her tight lips and fiery regard was anything to go by. But she wasn’t brandishing a gun either, so I was calling this an improvement on our last encounter. Her guards, however, were all armed to the teeth.
“Vivian,” Zeke nodded crisply without so much as looking at anyone else, but I knew he’d already observed every iota of the tavern. “Love what you’ve done to the place.”
She nodded, but didn’t greet him by name. “I got the rabbits you sent over. They’re great, but it won’t be settling this.” She waved her finger over and back between us.
Zeke remained perfectly cool and calm, as if we were all having a chat at Bayside Beans instead of an armed stand-off in a hovel. “You refusing them?”
“I didn’t say that.”
“Sounds like you are.”
“You hear what you want to hear.”
He growled a single incomprehensible word that seemed to have come from deep within his chest. Two huge rabbits appeared on the floor between us, confusion etched in their jerky movements.
Vivian licked her lips, seemingly afraid her meal was about to disappear, but didn’t back down. “You come to drop her off to us?” she laughed and her men chuckled along with her. Three of them looked leery and one, murderous. “She owes me for the trespassing.”
Zeke put his hand around the back of my neck and held it there, which in shifter-speak basically declared to everyone, I was his. Normally, I’d have protested such a proprietary move, but given the hostile circumstances, I decided it was best to play along.
“You need to put up some sort of sign in that alley, if you don’t want people on your land.”
“I don’t need to,” she insisted.
“Your deed to ownership of the land isn’t officially registered yet. That would mean she wasn’t trespassing, according to law.”
Oh, so that’s what the call he received in the car was about.
Vivian’s face contorted in a nasty grin. “I still want what’s owed to me.”
“You got your bunnies, Vivian. Rare ones at that. We’re even.”
“Not good enough,” she spat. “I wanna know who the wolf is. He owes me as well.”
“How can he possibly owe you anything?” I ground out. Zeke applied a little more pressure to my neck - probably meaning he wanted me to shut-up, but I couldn’t interpret finger squeezes.
“Special to ya, is he?” The threat was clear.
I saw red. “He’s just a delivery driver, you stupid Vritch.”
Calling her the lowest form of demon spawn upped the tension, considerably. All four men aimed their guns, but Vivian smiled, her black teeth glistening with spittle.
 Zeke squeezed my neck again. I thought it might mean, be calm. I didn’t look at him, but noticed he remained relaxed despite the situation. “If you don’t want your own necks to be on the menu today, I suggest you accept my gift and all of this ends here and now – without incident.”
“I’ll tell you what,” Vivian grinned, “I’ll forget the wolf, but I want that little ink hellion to make me my own special brand of ink. I want it power charged up pretty good too.” Vivian smirked like she had just backed Zeke into a corner where there was no way out. “Gonna be doing some branding of my own from now on.”
One of the men sneered and licked his lips as he took me in. “I’m gonna be branding you too darlin’.”
I didn’t even see Zeke move, but the man’s body keeled onto the floor. His head rolled a few feet away. I stumbled slightly, but righted myself just as Zeke returned to my side and wrapped an arm around my waist. “Jess Darrows is mine. Accept the animals and call off the hunt on the wolf unless you want more heads to roll.”
Vivian certainly hadn’t expected a reaction like that and waved a hand at her men to stand down. “Best you never come in here again,” Vivian said to me.
“If she has to, she will and nobody lays a hand on Jess. Ever.”
He turned, placed me ahead of him then we walked out of the bar.
The drive back was no different in that neither of us spoke. His cool demeanour would have fooled most, but the tightness of his jaw told me otherwise. The fact that he had decapitated a man - his second in the space of a couple of days - didn’t seem to be bothering him. I, on the other hand, was not made of the same ilk, and was having difficulty controlling the shaking in my hands. I’d wanted to text Ivy and tell her to hide Paul until the dust settled, but I wouldn’t have been able to key in anything. Plus, I didn’t want Zeke to see me contact anyone.
He pulled over a couple of miles before we reached the entrance to The Yards. “Get out.”
“What? Why?”
He didn’t answer, so I presumed it was because I went off script with Vivian. Yeah, that kind of thing would piss him off big time. Maybe he’d just dump me here then drive off. I took in the rugged terrain and calculated the walk back would take a couple of hours. Energy wise I was not in the best place, ditto on the stress level. But if he was going to leave me here, I’d have no choice but to walk back under my own steam.
When he moved to get out, so did I. He slammed his door closed then came around to my side, stalking toward me until my back was pressed up against the door, his arms on either side of me. Our conversations seemed to occur quite often in this position, but I thought now wasn’t the time to mention it owing to the tension in his shoulders and the vein popping in his neck.
“Who’s the wolf you met up with?”
I leaned away from his proximity. “He’s just a delivery guy.”
With a narrow eyed glare, he stepped back to give me space then folded his arms. The muscles of his biceps flexed. “Don’t play that game with me, Jess, because you will lose.”
I hadn’t been smart or secretive in my communications. One look at my phone and he’d know I’d spoken to Ivy the day before. It wouldn’t take long before he showed up at Ivy’s and caused trouble for her and Paul. That wouldn’t be good given her condition. So how did I protect them?
Sweat started to form on my upper lip and I swiped my hand over my face before it trailed into my mouth. That gesture alone probably signified guilt. My thoughts raced a mile a minute as I tried to find a way where I could tell him something without it affecting my friends in any way.
 “Fine,” he stated then pulled his phone out of his pocket. “Have it your way.” Pressing one key, he waited for the person to respond on the other end. Barely a second later he spoke, “send Shay to find the wolf. The one Jess met -”
“Wait! Don’t go looking for him.”
He held my gaze for a long moment. “Stand-by. Call you back in a moment.” He kept the phone in his hands then crossed his arms again in an, ‘I’m waiting’ pose.
“First of all, I need you to promise me you won’t hunt him down.”
He scoffed and shook his head. “This isn’t the time to bargain.”
He waved the phone in his hand and I understood I’d no choice but to explain about Paul, but I’d be careful to tell him as little as possible. “He’s a friend who likes candy. I brought him two boxes of Fizzerz and that was it.”
His expression was incredulous. “So, you’re saying you went to Fern View Square at four in the morning to give a friend candy?”
“It’s the truth!”
“It’s bullshit! Now tell me what you’re deliberately omitting.”
“I will when you tell me you won’t track him down.”
He stalked closer still, “who is this wolf to you? And before you decide to waste this final chance to come clean, know that you hold this friend’s life in your hands.”
I felt the full force of his attention on me and folded like a house of cards. “He’s just a harmless wolf. I’ve known him since I was a child. That’s it.”
“A wolf who owns a grain-extractor?”
“He doesn’t own it.”
“Yet he was able to get one to you.”
“He was able to transport it.”
“Is he registered, this wolf?”
I doubted it, but couldn’t really say with any certitude. “I don’t know.”
“Does he belong to a pack then?”
I’d only ever seen him hang out with Ivy, but that didn’t tell me much. “I don’t know.”
“So he’s a loner?”
Shit! If I said he wasn’t, Zeke would want to know who he spent his time with. Best to keep going with the general trend of ignorance. “I don’t know.”
“Is he mated?”
“What has that got to do with anything?”
“Is. He. Mated?”
“I’ve no idea. Why all the questions?”
“Because you seem to know practically nothing about this wolf who you claim is a childhood friend.”
His phone dinged and he checked the message while I tried to dig myself out of this hole. His fingers flew over the keys. “Look I’m not the interrogating type, okay. That’s why I know so little. I’m more the live-and-let-live kind. You should try it sometime. Maybe less heads would roll. Literally.”
He slipped his phone back in his pocket. “Your wolf and his pregnant witch are safe.”
My jaw gaped open, unflatteringly so. He knew?? And yet he’d interrogated me on the side of the road like some sort of rebel insurgent. “You said you weren’t going after him.”
“And I didn’t.” He had the audacity to smirk.
“Yeah, you had Shay do it.” I nodded my head in understanding while feeling very naive. “I see how you work and I’ll remember this.”
“Next time, just be upfront, Jess. It’s a lot easier that way. And keep Jimmy out of your schemes.”
We both got back into the car and there seemed to be a lot more levity to his mood on the short trip back to The Yards. He parked in the underground lot and took the elevator up to the top floor. I was really looking forward to some sleep because I’d barely had an hour the night before.
 When I entered my apartment, he followed me in, as casually as you like. I didn’t even ask why he was there. I was too weary. I made my way to the fridge and pulled out a bottle of water. He gave me a sign of ‘pitch me one,’ so I tossed it to him then drew out another.
He settled himself on the couch and emptied the bottle. I opened mine and chugged back a long drink.
He sat back with a relaxed pose. “We need to discuss the spell you cast to break our link.”
“I thought you said it didn’t work.”
“It didn’t.” He replied with a corner of his mouth upturned slightly.
“I’m not sure I understand.”
He leaned forward and placed the bottle on the coffee table then sat back, his arm reposed on the top of the couch while he kicked up his feet. He patted the cushioned seat beside him, beckoning me closer. Knowing a nap wasn’t possible for now, I flopped onto the opposite end of the couch.
“You didn’t break the link, but you certainly weakened it. More than should’ve been possible given the circumstances.” He peered at me, as if I was a puzzle he couldn’t solve.
“What circumstances?”
“When I create a link, it is a very thick and unbreakable cord between me and that person. What you did was the equivalent of burning through more than half of that cord. As I mentioned, it’s has never happened before.”
He was truly flummoxed, something that didn’t seem to happen to him very often. Still, I really hoped he wasn’t going to ask to reinforce it again, because there was no way I was agreeing to that.
“I guess it’s just an anomaly.”
“You really have no idea, do you?”
I wracked my sleep-deprived brain trying to guess what he meant and gave up. “I really don’t.” Then, blithely, I repeated the same words he had said to me earlier. “So, just be upfront, Zeke. It’s a lot easier that way.”
He chuckled, enjoying the banter. “Touché.” He moved around to face me. “As mentioned before, you’re no alchemist.”
“So you’ve said. But I’m sorry, I just don’t believe it.”
“You should,” he retorted casually. “I’ve known a handful of the most powerful alchemists who have walked this earth, and none of them could have done what you did this morning.”
That was thanks to the infused saffron. Demon energy was extremely rare and few believed it could be harnessed. It was considered folly to incorporate it into anything because the outcome was extremely volatile and dangerous. I’d explained all that to Ivy when I gave her a few grains in exchange for some supplies. But I wouldn’t be mentioning anything about demon energy with Zeke. He’d probably blow a gasket.
“And it has nothing to do with the infused saffron.”
He knew! My bulging eyes gave away my shock. I’d make a lousy poker player. I looked down finding sudden interest in the condensation from the bottle pooling water on the table.
 “I felt every component of that spell, Jess. An ingredient, even one as potent as that, does not make a difference. The one who wields the power makes the difference.”
 “So, are you going to tell me what you think I am then?” Chills ran down my spine as I waited for him to speak.
He watched me closely then rubbed a thumb over his chin. “See, there’s the problem. There isn’t a species I can’t recognize, but I really don’t know what you are.”
A really bad thought came to mind. My mother cast a curse on me to ensure I wouldn’t survive birth. Could Zeke be feeling the same thing that led my mother to attempt infanticide? What was I that was so abominable, she’d have preferred I die? “But I feel I’m a witch.”
“You are part witch and part….something else. The latter must be tied in with the alchemy in some way. We just have to find out what it is.”
“We?” My voice was dripping with disbelief.
“Yes, we. But not right now because I’m going to need you to use that magic again.”
“I’m confused. Weren’t you were angry that I used it?”
“I was vexed that you used Jimmy to procure a prohibited device from a wolf shifter in Fern View Square at 4 a.m.”
Everything the shepherd did was for his community, so he must want this for someone in particular. “Who is this for?”
Zeke held my gaze for a long moment, as if determining what to impart. He seemed to finally reach a decision when he inhaled deeply and nodded on a long exhale. “It’s to help Jimmy.”
Jimmy? I’d made a spell to break my connection to Zeke. I couldn’t see the jinn wanting to cut ties with him. She loved him too much. “What’s wrong with Jimmy?”
“What I’m going to tell you is abbreviated, simply because it’s not my story to tell.”
“I won’t say a word, I swear.” My hand had gone automatically to my heart as a sign of assurance.
His eyes fell to my hand and shook his head. “That’s not enough.”
My brow furrowed in confusion. “It’s a genuine promise.”
“That’s not what I meant.” He moved up along the couch until he was right beside me. The warmth from his body heat felt so good. I hadn’t realized the cold air from the A/C combined with lack of sleep had made me feel so chilly. He seemed to pick up on my need for warmth and tugged a throw from the back of the couch onto me. “Shifter’s run hotter than humans, so the air-conditioning is on all year round.”
“Thanks,” I said wrapping it around me and tucking my knees near my chest.
“What I meant was, to help Jimmy we have to fortify the link.”
 Crap. “Why?”
“Jimmy and I are connected therefore you and I need to be connected - solidly.”
In the kindest way possible, I stated the obvious. “Is there a temporary version of this bond?” I needed a very short-term, flimsy, no-commitment type.
His eyes fell to my lips as a smile tugged the corner of his mouth. “I don’t do temporary, Jess.”
My stomach swooped as darts of pleasure hit between my thighs. I pressed them together afraid he’d somehow sense his effect on me. Not wanting to feed his very healthy and rather distended ego, I pressed my lips together and shook my head regretfully. “I’m allergic to the forever-and-a-day thing.”
Pfffft. Yeah, sure, my inner voice scoffed. You really like him.
He belted out a hearty laugh. “Okay, well, maybe I have a solution. It’s the only one I can accept, so it’s either this or we reinforce the mark, alright?” A raised brow denoted the gentle warning as he tamped down another smile.
“Tell me what it is first.”
He smiled again. “Shay is right. I’m definitely bringing you to the bargaining table when we renegotiate with the gnomes.”
They’d mentioned that contract negotiation a few times. “Are they that difficult? I’ve never even seen any around here.”
He sat closer, casually bringing my legs over his thighs “The Gnomes look after landscaping and only work at night. But they also represent the Brownies, Elves, and Fairies who do everything from cleaning to catering. There’s also the Seelies. They keep the bay clean, in addition to providing maintenance on all the aqueducts.”
“So why are contract negotiations tough?”
“Because they always want more and that’s not the way things work around here.”
“Aren’t they just looking to better their lives? It’s okay to want a pay raise.”
“Not money, Jess. They want more work.”
“So they’re only part-timers?”
His hands began to warm my feet. “Gnomes, Brownies and Elves are especially prone to over-exertion and burn out. If their hours weren’t limited, they’d work non-stop. It’s in their nature to be industrious, but regulations have to be in place to ensure their well-being. So, yeah, negotiations are tough because each year we mandate that lunch breaks, vacation time, on-call hours and lots of other things are observed, all the while, making sure they feel they’re contributing enough.”
An expression of incredulity crossed my face, “How could I possibly help in that situation?”
“Because you’re more stubborn than a gnome hell-bent on working a hundred hour week.”
I frowned with a smile. “Not sure that’s a positive thing.”
“It most certainly is in my book.” He tucked the blanket around my warm feet, but kept on massaging. “I’ve sat with them at the bargaining table hundreds of times and, admittedly, they’ve worn me down over the years. Not that I give in easily, but there’s an erosive quality to their communication, and I find myself agreeing because I’m so weary, I just want to get out of there.”
I leaned my head back against the soft cushions and relaxed. “Sounds like you may have inadvertently pushed them to have a case of organizational stress.”
His head tilted slightly. “Can you elaborate?”
I kept my eyes closed while basking in the luxury of a foot massage. I’d never had one before and didn’t understand the hype. But now that I’d had one – a very good one - I wanted many more. “I may be wrong, but maybe you, unwittingly, contributed to a harmful work environment.”
“I have? How? I do everything to ensure their hours are regulated.”
“Well that’s just it. You keep track of the agreements and all their hours, schedules, vacations - that kind of thing, right?”
“Through their leaders, yes. Why?”
“Okay, so say their leader – let’s call him Bob – gets a directive from you saying, forty hour weeks are to be adhered to for all landscaping work. Bob goes to his team of Gnomes and says ‘Zeke wants only forty hour weeks - non negotiable.’ The gnomes aren’t happy because they know the lawns around La Mer building takes sixty hours to maintain. So they plan to put sixty hours worth of work into a forty hour week. Then you come along with another directive saying, ‘all vacation time is to be respected – no exceptions.’ This makes matters worse because on the Gnome team, everyone has twelve weeks vacation a year. To ensure the agreement is adhered to, they’ve no choice but to send three guys out on leave to respect your norms, leaving them needing ninety hours to maintain La Mer grounds. The Gnomes sound like they are over worked. No wonder negotiations are tough.”
Zeke’s expression was blank for all of ten seconds before he casually took out his phone and keyed a number. “Hi Wendy, please have Pete and Ursula meet with me on the 25th.” He paused to listen to her questions. “Three p.m. Bring the current agreement. How many at the table?” He threw me a knowing smile, “just four.” He paused again. “Yeah, that’s it. Thanks.”
He leaned back on the couch looking very satisfied. “Jess, you’ve got your first Gnome negotiation coming up.”
“That’s not a good idea. I’ve no experience with those things.”
“You just made me realize that I haven’t been safeguarding their health and safety at all, quite the opposite, in fact.”
“Seriously? I was only talking hypothetically.”
“I’m totally serious,” he replied.
My feet were warm and I was feeling so relaxed. “Okay then, have it your way. But it’s probably going to be a disaster.”
“So it’s agreed? You’ll sit in on the discussions?
“Yep.” My eyelids were getting heavy. “But I’m playing it by ear and reserve the right to bail.”
“I can work with that.” His voice was huskier now. “Now, back to that other option to link up again.”
“Okay...what is it?”
“To tattoo me with your ink, of course.”
I bolted awake like booster cables had shot me to life. “What??”
Tattoo him???? Of course he would have to ask for the one thing I would not do. It could end in his death or maiming or something else traumatic. The thoughts of which pinched my heart. Yep, I really was starting to feel something for him.
“Jess, I trust you to do this.”
I should’ve been over the moon that he said he trusted me, but fearful imaginings were killing the joy. “There could be severe loss of limb or death.”
“Your magic was too untamed when you first started tattooing. You had little control over it. But that wouldn’t be the case this time because I would help channel your magic while you worked, so there’s no excess build-up.”
Okay, definitely not the response I was expecting. I’d have to try a different tactic. “My ink is hardcore permanent stuff. I don’t think you want an eternal reminder of me on your skin.”
“Quite the contrary. Your ink is magnificent and from what I saw of your designs, the end result will be exactly as I expect, if not better.”
The pink heating my cheeks was because I was suddenly too warm under the blanket, not because I got a string of compliments from Zeke. A sliver of excitement emerged from deep within at the thoughts of, perhaps, being able to ink someone. I threw off the cover and rose up from the couch. “Fine, but only if we start with a test spot.”
“Done.”
“A really tiny test spot.”
“Fine with me.”
“And I’m not doing this until I’ve had some sleep.”
“I’ll meet you at Inkspot tonight at midnight. That way it’ll be just the two of us.”
I checked the time. Eight hours before the next potential disaster would strike. “Can’t wait.”
“There isn’t a gag reel?” Jonah complained. “Every movie used to have a gag reel and now none of them do, not even the comedies!” He grabbed a fistful of popcorn and stretched out further on the sectional.
“Everyone’s too serious about their craft,” Shay added while masticating popcorn like a cow in a meadow.
“You guys are watching a movie? Here?” I entered the living room with a heavy zombie shuffle and plonked down between them. “How come?”
Shay passed me his bowl of popcorn. “We’re doing a movie marathon.”
I popped a kernel in my dry mouth and peeked at the screen with one eye. “That’s a cartoon.”
“Why do you think we’re watching it here?” Jonah added before slurping on a bucket sized soda. “If we watch this in our place, one of the other guys could come in and catch us. That’d kill our reputation as enforcers. But here, in your little girly place - no probs. We’ll say you made us watch.”
“My silence will cost you,” I feigned a terse frown. Shay and Jonah shared a look and burst out laughing. “What? What’s so funny?”
“You look like a constipated pirate!!”
As they nudged me with their elbows, I caught the time on the screen then raced to the bathroom to get ready. When I came out fifteen minutes later both their heads turned. “Wow! Where are you going, Jess?”
“To unwillingly maim your boss.”
 “Okay! Have fun tattooing that big fella!” Shay called out.
“Call us if you need back-up.” Jonah said throwing popcorn in the air and trying to catch it with his mouth. It fell on the cushion. “We’ll still be here when you get back.”
“You will?”
“This is an all-nighter!” He laughed as I closed the door behind me.
The last of Inkspot’s clients were coming out with their respective artists just as I arrived. Their laughter died a quick death when they spotted me. I ignored the uncomfortable glances and smiled widely, as if I wasn’t the cold-blooded murderer they suspected me of being. Zeke introducing me to the community hadn’t changed their behaviour. I flashed my keys and said I’d lock up. I didn’t wait for their approval, but entered the shop, locked the door and pulled down the blinds for privacy.
Whatever ire I felt at their perception of me quickly dissipated as I prepped my station. A mix of nervousness and excitement made my hands tremble, but after a few calming breaths, I was centered and ready for my first tattoo session in five years. I lined up the various inks I might need – depending on what he was looking for. My plan was to do a test area, as agreed on, and, if that went well, I’d create an actual tattoo.
Unsure as to what design Zeke might want, I went through my entire port folio that I kept on my phone. If he preferred, I could get the original from the storage space I rented, or I could print any design then hook it up to the Stenciler and apply it to his skin. Although, he probably had something completely different in mind, and all of these compositions were crap.
Still, he said he liked my work. An idea came to mind, something I thought would look amazing on him. I quickly grabbed my liquid roller pens, some paper and set up at the reception desk. The free-flowing lighter lines came to life on the page, until I had an outline that set the tone, and from there I became lost in the work. Defining the final touches left me with a sentiment of deep satisfaction that brought a smile to my face. I wasn’t sure Zeke would like it, but it would look good on someone.
A quick glance at the time on the phone told me it was almost two a.m. I checked my phone, but no messages had come in. He had a bad habit of being a no-show. Maybe I should text and say we could do this another time?
No, I’d better just leave.
I grabbed my bag and made a quick trip to the bathroom. After washing my hands, I wiped off the little lip gloss I’d put on earlier. It had only been to moisturize my lips, no other reason. And I wasn’t mad he didn’t show up, just disappointed. I’d been psyched to tattoo him.
Zeke was just locking the door behind him when I came out. He was all dressed up in a designer suit and white shirt, like he’d come from a fancy restaurant or club. Was he having fun schmoosing with women while I sat here waiting like a prize twat? I’d worn my new tight jeans and a fitted v-necked t-shirt, which was casual, but nice. Compared to him though, I looked like I was ready to pluck mushrooms from a dung-infested field.
“We’re closed,” I dead panned then threw my bag over my shoulder. As I approached, I saw the dried blood on his bottom lip and nostrils. There was some bruising on his jaw too. “You’re hurt.” My hand covered my mouth in surprise.
“You should see the other guy,” he chuckled lightly.
“Don’t tell me. He’s headless, right?”
He shrugged, not providing any information, but pushed his hands into his pockets and just stood there. I don’t know what cologne he wore, but it was simply amazing, heady and intoxicating. I also detected a hint of alcohol on his breath. Distancing myself from the sensory overload, I stepped back from his personal space that I’d inadvertently invaded.
 “Well, I’ll leave you to clean up.” I turned away and picked up my denim jacket off the back of the chair.
“I’m really sorry I was late, Jess. I didn’t mean to be.”
“It’s okay,” I replied with a flippant wave, but didn’t look at him. I was angled slightly sideways so I knew he was staring at me.
“You’re upset,” he stated with all the feeling of a navigation system.
He was right. I was upset because, as reluctant as I was to re-create the link, it had meant a lot that he wanted me to tattoo him. I felt with all I’d been through in the past year and all that I’d weathered, I’d wanted this one thing to work out, to prove to myself that I wasn’t a massive failure.
It would have been easy to appear cheery and say, ‘no problem. So what if you were late. We can still discuss the design and chill.’ Instead I let the silence expand, waiting to see if he’d say something that would stop me from leaving.
“I’ll be right back.” He headed to the bathroom. “We can get started then.”
As soon as he was gone, I walked out into the night, thanking the universe there were no stupid chimes or bells on the door. I didn’t get more than a few steps when I stopped and reminded myself, I was supposed to be doing this for Jimmy and whatever issue she was having. If getting ink under Zeke’s epidermis is what it took then I’d do it.
“Glad you changed your mind.” Zeke was standing just inside the door, one arm folded, the other resting on his chin. His tone was genuine, no hint of mocking or sarcasm.
I took a deep breath, locked the door and turned toward him. “Just send me a text the next time you’re late.”
“I was unable to, I’m really sorry. My bad,” he raised his palms.
Remaining silent, I walked to the station and began setting up again. I could feel his eyes on me. I could feel the intensity of that stare without even looking at him.
“That is amazing work.” He motioned toward the drawing I’d left open on the desk. I’d meant to take it on my way out.
“I’d a couple of hours on my hands.” The excitement I’d felt earlier was gone. I didn’t want to talk about the buzz of joy I’d felt while sketching, nor what fuelled my inspiration. And I definitely wouldn’t mention where on his body I’d imagined putting it because all those feelings had been a flash-in-the-pan moment that reality quickly quenched.
“People must be lining up here to have you design their tattoos.”
Hadn’t he heard I’d been asked to leave the shop? Surprisingly, he didn’t seem to be aware, and I certainly wasn’t going to tell him. “So, after the initial test, what would you like done?”
He noted the change of topic, but thankfully didn’t pursue it. “Nothing complicated.”
“Okay. But, I’ll need more info.”
I turned to find him shirtless and standing beside the table that I’d prepped, his eyes driving in to me. My gaze quickly shifted to the slice of heaven stood before me. Golden skin, sculptured contours of taut muscle on an expansive, smooth frame that had my body thrumming to life in a way it had never done before. I licked moisture from my lip, my heart fluttering madly. I swallowed hard to keep my breathing in check. Just as my inner jezebel was mentally removing her panties, he turned around, arms akimbo, giving me his back. It was bare for a second before a wave of magic undulated over him and I gasped aloud.
A tribal tattoo covered his entire back and arms. Judging from the way it extended past his waist, it went lower, much lower. The jet black ink pulled me in - just as it had that first day we met - singing with ancient, potent magic, the likes of which I’d never seen or felt before. The intricacy and attention to detail was incredible and it took me everything not to reach out and pass my fingers over the work. Amongst the engravings were, what looked like, minute hieroglyphs from a long dead language. Peering even closer still, I realized this work was all done by hand, an incredibly skilled hand, at that. He bore a master’s work of art.
My eye caught something and quickly scanned the area. I stepped back, captivated. “Can I just try something?”
“Sure,” he said over his shoulder and smiled.
Placing my hands on his arms, I pressed them gently to his sides observing the perfect circle. “….is this…is this your crest? The one everyone wears?”
“That it is.” He turned around his eyes shifted to mine. “What do you think?”
There was weight to the question. I didn’t quite understand what he was asking, but I spoke honestly and from the heart. “I’ve never seen anything like it, not in terms of detail, design, ink quality or magical puissance. I’m in awe of the person who gave you this.”
He simply nodded and smiled briefly. I thought he might extrapolate on the tattoo, but when he didn’t, I felt a slight twinge of disappointment. That was quickly followed by a moment of sheer panic. “It’s not a good idea for me to do this, even if it is a tiny test area.”
His brows met in a frown. “Why not?” He moved to a mini fridge and withdrew two bottles of water and handed me one.
I took it with a nod of thanks. “Uh…because you’ve just shown me that you have the Sistine chapel of all tattoos?”
He downed a long sip of water then leaned in. “You haven’t heard what I want.”
“Alright,” I nodded. “Tell me, but I’ll probably be saying no.”
He fished his phone out of his pocket, swiped the screen a couple of times then passed it to me. “Take a photo first. It’ll be easier this way,” then he turned one-eighty.
I put the water on the station counter then aimed the phone. “Just the back - above the belt right?” I snapped the image. The thoughts of exploring the entire tattoo almost had me gulp audibly.
I heard the smile in his voice, “for now.”
When he faced me, I returned the phone then gave him my back, picking up the water. I wasn’t thirsty. I was waiting for the color to pass from my cheeks.
He came to stand beside me, swiped the screen then pinched the image to expand it. “See in the centre of the hooked staff, there’s an eye?” He zoomed in further. “I just need the pupil area shaded to black. Right now it’s the color of my skin.”
 “That’s it?” I threw him a sceptical look. “And that will satisfy the criteria for the damaged link?”
 “Not quite,” his eyes fell to my lips before he sat on the table, his legs open. Under the light, his eyes seemed filled with intent. “There’s one more element to add.”
 His hand took my wrist and pulled me into that space between his legs. “What are you doing?” It came out as a whisper. His hands cupped my face as his head dipped lower.
“Something I’ve been craving for since the other night.”
His mouth dipped lower covering mine. Just like the last time his tongue caressed the seam of my lips sending a throb of need through me. I convinced myself it was due to not having had sex for a long time, and was not associated with his plump lips, or the expert way he moved them against mine. His teeth gently nibbled my lower lip invitingly. Unable to resist, my arms slipped around his back as my tongue met his and a spark ignited catapulting the kiss into an inferno of passion and desire the likes of which I’d never felt before.
One minute he was sitting on the table, the next he was towering over me, wrapping his arms around my waist and moulding himself against me. I was aware of a moan, my own, before his hand kneaded my bum and I felt his sizeable need growing against my pelvis. Our tongues danced, mirroring our mutual desire for each other. My fingers slipped into his hair and pulled his head deeper to me. A low, animalistic growl rumbled in his chest as he lifted my legs effortlessly around his waist and pivoted me, so I was now sitting on the table and he was between my legs. His hands circled my bum tugging me against him tighter as his kiss deepened. His fingers caught the hem of my top and I felt my fingers trail down his torso.
Need to stop this now!!!!
“Okay,” I said coming up for air, while pressing shaky hands against his chest. My breathing was coming in heaving pants, as if I’d crossed the finish line of the hundred meter sprint. His eyes glowed deep amber and I knew right then, I was seeing his inner beast, whatever it was. “I’ll start that shading then.”
Confusion seemed to mar his features before he released me, and I could tell the incendiary reaction the kiss generated had surprised him too. His eyes returned to their signature jade hue as he looked down at our intimate position and stepped back. I hopped off the table as he made his way around the opposite side and sat so his back was to me. The tent in his pants didn’t seem to embarrass him at all.
“You said there was an element you needed to add?” I asked slipping on my latex gloves and taking slow deep breaths to come back down to earth.
“I just needed a drop of your saliva.” He looked over his shoulder with a smug look. “Think we’re good to go.”
“Oh,” I stopped what I was doing, “I could have just added some saliva to the ink and it would have been accepted?”
“Yeah,” he smiled, “but, Jess, there would’ve been no fun in that.”
I couldn’t be mad. That kiss had been second to none and, if truth be told, it had been leading to a lot more until I called a halt to it. I wondered if Zeke would have stopped or ploughed on to the grand finale. With whatever inner animal was leading the show, my money was on him going for gold, Olympian style. If he wasn’t my employer, chances that I’d have shared a podium moment with him were high.
“Can you lie face down? I’m ready to start the shading. I’m using one of my neutral inks, nothing enhanced, as I believe you’ll charge it up yourself, right?”
“Got it in one. And don’t worry, as soon as you start, I’ll channel your magic if I feel it’s uncontrolled.”
“Okay.”
Something felt off. I couldn’t say what it was because my head was still on cloud nine after that searing kiss. Goddess above, it was toe-curling! Once he was prone, I cleansed the area, but my eyes only saw those succulent lips. I dipped the gun in the ink and began the work. After a moment, I paused and checked in with him. “Are you feeling okay?”
“Your magic is powerful,” he said with awe. “It’s raw and unharnessed.”
“Oh, should I stop?”
“No! I can handle it. Keep going.”
 A few minutes later, I still felt dazed, in a fog. He’d remained silent after I verified if he was feeling alright, and I put it down to him controlling my magic. I, too had remained quiet, as my thoughts had traveled back to kissing that mouth of his and set up camp there.
It wasn’t until I was at the sink and washing my hands that my head began to clear. Could a kiss seriously mess with a person’s mind that way? In the mirror I watched as he sat up, pulled his legs in front of him, opened his palms and appeared to be meditating in a yoga pose. He started speaking strange words in a deep guttural voice. I could feel magic rolling off him like towering waves cresting the ocean. The more he spoke the stronger the magic pulsed, and heat like molten lava encircled him until he gave a final roar and his entire back shone like the sun in the noon day sky.
I felt my ink melding with his body, sinking deep down to the chambers of his heart. A different connection was being forged. I didn’t get that puppet on a string feeling, but found there was a oneness with him. I was cocooned by him, protected by him like no other. I felt joined.
That couldn’t be right.
My feet stumbled under the weight of the shift and he was beside me in a heartbeat, his hands grasping mine to steady me. Zeke looked me over with an intense gaze, “you dizzy?”
 “I’m fine.” I tucked a stray hair behind my ear. Through a breathy whisper I managed to ask, “you’re okay too, right? Not corroding from the inside out?” I teased gently. I stepped back and handed him his shirt.
“Nothing’s disintegrating,” he smiled, putting an arm through a sleeve. His movements were sluggish as if he’d been drinking too much. Grabbing the other sleeve, I held it low so he could pull it up over his back.
“Are you sure? You don’t seem so good.” His fingers seemed too thick to tie the buttons, so I positioned myself in front of him and began tying them.
“Chess?” he slurred. His eyelids drooped like they had anvils on them.
Oh shit! Something was going terribly wrong. “Zeke? Zeke, what’s happening??”
He nodded as his lips puckered together strangely. “Call Shhhay ‘n Chonah. Tell ‘em oxsillymum,” he fell over unconscious.
Chapter 8
“How is he?” I asked as evenly as possible, but I was worried sick. Zeke, who always appeared so strong, so indomitable, had looked close to death when Jimmy lifted him into her arms and disapparated out of the shop.
“I ask the questions, Miss Darrows,” the Magistrar’s representative replied. Miss Nodver was a short, rotund woman of dwarf ancestry with large glasses, black hair sleeked into a tight bun and a permanent frown between her brows. As a scribe, her job was to note the facts of the incident and provide them to her superior. It didn’t go unnoticed that the Magistrar had sent an elite scribe to their detention center, which was on the opposite side of the city, and far away from The Yards. Elite’s were only sent out to assist with high profile cases.
Shay and Jonah were also present, as was their right. They remained silent, but were clearly angry and upset, and who could blame them. In their eyes, I’d hurt their beloved Zeke. I know we hadn’t know each other for very long, but it still stung to see what friendship we had, was obliterated as quick as a flash.
Right after Zeke was carried away from Inkspot, Shay flipped into a rage. He’d grabbed my throat. His arm had partially shifted to whatever beast dwelled within him, and sharp claws lacerated my skin. Jonah had to pull him off me and restrain him until he calmed down. Once Jonah was satisfied that Shay was in control again, they arrested me, brought me here and had me thrown me into a holding cell before returning to Zeke’s side.
Ten hours later they’d come back looking exhausted, livid and in the company of Miss Nodver. I’d been pulled into an interrogation room and had my wrists manacled with an invisible cord that was biting through my skin. The room reeked of vomit and bleach, but it was a lot better than the holding cell.
“Think my wrists are going to match my neck,” I complained through gritted teeth. Shay tugged tighter on the cords and I couldn’t help but cry out in pain.
“That’s enough,” the scribe admonished with a sharp command. Shay sat back down.
“Miss Darrows, please relate the sequence of events that occurred after Zeke Bai joined you at Inkspot.”
Shay, who sat opposite me, leaned forward and I knew he’d have no problem doling out whatever punishment was necessary to get the answers he needed. “I’ll do whatever it takes to get to the truth.”
The scribe threw a scolding look at both enforcers. “I will not tolerate another interruption. I agreed to let you assist, but that good faith will be rescinded if you cannot behave.”
Both men reluctantly nodded their understanding. The scribe picked up her pen that was filled with a very high quality ink bespelled to take notes from multiple, simultaneous speakers “Please respond Miss Darrows.”
 I related almost word for word what happened. Her pen scratched the parchment at a furious pace, keeping up with my testimony.
Miss Nodver addressed both men. “The term ‘oxsillymum’ that Mr. Bai uttered to Miss Darrows, what does it mean?”
 “It’s Auxillium,” Jonah explained. “It’s a code word to an operational plan for The Yards that Zeke put in place, if ever he was unable to lead his community.”
“In what capacity? Absence? Death?” Miss Nodver enquired.
“Death,” Jonah confirmed.
 “So, it is safe to assume, Mr. Bai felt he was dying?”
My heart lurched with sorrow, thinking Zeke knew he was dying. A million thoughts must’ve been passing through his mind in that moment before losing consciousness. No doubt, one of them was that I’d hurt him. That he believed I could do such a thing was more painful than the manacles eating into my wrists.
Jonah nodded, Shay growled and I, for the umpteenth time, claimed my innocence. “I didn’t hurt Zeke. I swear.”
“Permission to speak?” Jonah requested of Miss Nodver.
“Go ahead.”
Jonah looked at me with an expression of incredulity as his palms opened. “Can you see why that’s difficult for us to believe, Jess? He was perfectly fine before he went to meet you.”
“I know how it looks and I’m really sorry about him falling ill, but I didn’t do anything.”
Shay inched closer, his regard maniacal. “All I know is you hurt him and you’re going to regret the day you were born.” I felt it was his beast talking, not the man.
“Why would I do that? Seriously, I had no reason to. He asked me to tattoo him and I did. He said he’d channel my magic as I worked. Maybe that’s what went happened. I really haven’t a clue. All I know is, I’d just finished when he began slurring his words and passed out. I called you guys straight away and that’s it.”
“Bullshit!!” Shay spat, his half-shifted claws pounding on the table. Wood flew in every direction and I keeled over backwards landing on my back with a piece of wood dangling from my wrists.
“Enough!” The scribe chastised.
But Shay’s beast switch had been flipped. Although he hadn’t fully shifted, his face was red with rage as he hoisted me off the ground. “You gave him your fucking poisoned ink, just like you did with Sam, Boa and Bossman.”
Jonah tried grabbing Shay from behind, but was unable to tear him off of me. Claws dug in deep, reopening the coagulated bloody wounds on my neck. I glanced fearfully at the scribe who had closed her eyes and seemed like she was muttering a spell. I hoped she found a way to control the situation, stat.
“You’re wrong!” I muttered through a tightly clenched jaw. “Miss Nodver, please restrain him.”
Shay’s beast was an inch from my face. “You’re beyond help now.”
As much as I understood his pain over Zeke, I wasn’t going to go down without a fight. I grabbed Shay’s junk through his cotton joggers, squeezed then twisted with all my might. He’d gone commando and the high squeal of agony told me I’d hit a home run. He fell to the ground in the foetal position. I braced for Jonah to take over, but suddenly everything was suspended, as if someone had shouted ‘freeze.’
Miss Nodver cleared her throat and straightened her jacket. “There, that’s better.” Stepping around the debris and the prone man, she helped me stand upright then uttered another spell to create a little slack on the magical cuffs. With another flick of magic, the parchment for her notes disappeared and she pocketed the pen. “It won’t take long,” she advised with a tight smile while summoning a folder to appear in her hands.
Before I had a chance to ask what would happen to me, a new parchment appeared on top of the folder. She quickly scanned the document before placing it her bag. “You are being conditionally released. Bail is set at two million.”
What! “I didn’t think bail was even an option in this case. Besides, I don’t have that kind of money.” Which translated to, I will rot in here.
“It has already been paid. Please follow me to the processing area.”
“It has? Who paid it?” It couldn’t be Zeke. Was it Jimmy?
“I’m afraid, I don’t have that information but you can ask your processing agent.”
“What about Shay and Jonah? Will they be okay?”
“Of course,” she frowned. “They’ll be mobile in about two and a half hours – give or take. I suggest you vacate the premises before then. They’ll be in enforcer mode, which usually leads to their prey dying a horrific death.”
The manila envelope was clutched to my chest as I made my way out of the detention center with exactly fifteen minutes to spare before Shay and Jonah were due to wake up – if they hadn’t already. Processing had meant getting a mug shot, having the very lengthy list of the conditions of release read out to me, as well as being finger-printed and having a retinal scan done on my third eye. That last procedure created a triangular blister in the center of my forehead, which blended nicely with the ugly damage I was already sporting on my neck.
I’d learned that the person who posted my bail was a Mr. Trottier. I’d never heard of him before and was truly afraid, not only of the price his bond was going to cost me, but of the fact that he could be the person behind these murders. When I read I would have to remain in his care until my trial, I’d made multiple pleas to stay in jail, but it fell on deaf ears. The Magistrar’s office wouldn’t hear of it. They also wouldn’t provide any update on Zeke’s well-being.
The guard posted at the exit watched me approach, but made no move to open the imposing iron door. It was only when an armed sentinel in a tower shouted ‘prisoner leaving,’ was I allowed to taste freedom. I nodded thanks to the officer then walked the ten meters to the sidewalk which flanked a large, and almost empty, parking lot. It was late afternoon, the sun was covered by a blanket of dark grey clouds and rain threatened to fall any moment now. I scanned the few vehicles in the car park, but there was no sign of this Mr. Trottier. I offered up a prayer of thanks to the Goddess before quickly heading away toward the human part of the city. I had no money on me and no place to go, but I’d sort something out. For now, my priority was to put some distance between myself and the enforcers. They were excellent trackers and would easily find me. Truth be told, if I was caught, I’d prefer to be brought back to The Yards than taken to who-knows-where by this, Mr. Trottier. Better the devil you know.
I hadn’t walked more than five minutes when it began to rain so heavily, rivulets of water flowed rapidly into the storm drains on the street. It didn’t take long until I was soaked through and cold. For a second, I entertained the notion of calling Jimmy to apparate me somewhere, but dismissed it as idiotic. I was completely on my own here. One thing was certain, once I found the bastard who was trying to frame me, I’d be sitting in a jail cell again, but this time it would be justified. Shoulders square and chin up, I walked on, determined to find a way to clear my name.
Lost in my thoughts, I hadn’t noticed the sleek black SUV approach from behind until it crawled by the curb alongside me then came to a stop a little further ahead. An older, well-dressed man with warm features got out of the driver side. He immediately opened a huge black umbrella and hurried over to me. I backed up a few feet in fear. I would have bolted away, but given the level of magic wafting off of him, I knew I wouldn’t get far.
“Mademoiselle Darrows,” he called out smoothly in a pronounced French accent. He placed the umbrella over me, seemingly insistent on keeping me dry. “I am Monsieur Trottier. My apologies for the delay in picking you up. Won’t you please, follow me?” With a swish of his wrist, the back door to the vehicle opened.
My eyes narrowed suspiciously. “You’re the one who posted my bail.”
“Ah oui, yes.” He gestured toward the vehicle, encouraging me to get in.
He appeared harmless, but I knew better than to judge a book by its cover. “Listen, thanks and all, but I didn’t ask for that. Now, I don’t know who you are or how you expect me to repay you, but whatever it is, I’d prefer to be in jail. And I’m not going to just go traipsing off with a complete stranger either.”
Movement from the back of the car caught my attention. Emerging from the plush interior was none other than Semyon, the vampire. My breath hitched with fear making my already-shivering body tremble harder. If he was the person behind all these deaths, I was royally screwed.
“Well surely not a complete stranger,” he smiled suavely and joined us under the parapluie. “Good afternoon Jessica. You’ve met Jacques. He is my valet, chef and long-time friend. I had him post your bond. I suspected you might be disinclined to accept my gift, had you seen my name.”
I was totally speechless. Why would someone like him want to help someone like me? Who threw out two million dollars for a person they’d spent, a total of five minutes with? Given his lack of control the last time we’d met, I was feeling the true cost of this transaction was going to be eight pints of blood and a death sentence. “What do you want from me?”
“Please, let us discuss this in a more comfortable setting.”
The conditions of release stipulated I remain in his custody. I may be backed into a corner right now, but I wasn’t done fighting.
Desperate times, I told myself before getting into the car.
“More risotto, Miss Darrows?” Jacques enquired. I nodded enthusiastically, my mouth too full to speak. His eyes twinkled contentedly as he heaped heavenly tasting food on my plate. My wine glass was refilled generously and I downed it like an alcoholic’s first drink of the day.
“Thanks, Jacques,” I gushed. “You are an amazing chef.”
“My pleasure, mademoiselle,” he replied with a slight bow.
“I detect a hint of famine,” Semyon teased from his seat at the head of a long table in the opulent dining room. I was seated to his right and watched as he sipped, what appeared to be red wine, from an oversized crystal glass. I was fairly certain it was O Neg. “I must chide the authorities for neglecting such a precious flower.”
Semyon had brought me to a mega fancy house about an hour’s drive from the detention center. I was surprised to find he lived in such a rural setting given his love of the limelight. I would have assumed a more central location would better suit his personality type. On arrival, I’d wanted to get straight down to business and find out what the vampire expected in return for the two million, but he wouldn’t hear of it, not until I had time to clean up. I was given clean clothes –designer no less – and had been able to take the most wonderful shower ever. From the phone in the guest bedroom, I’d called Jimmy’s bar to get news on Zeke, but Jimmy wasn’t there. After getting a bit of a run around, I was finally transferred to Wendy, Zeke’s assistant. When I’d enquired after his well-being, she’d told me, in no uncertain terms, to go fuck myself. Despite her understandable ire, I’d persisted in asking if he was alive, but she responded with a litany of epithets, one more vulgar than the next until, dejected, I’d hung up.
Perched on the edge of the huge bed, I’d trailed my fingers across the brand above my left breast, wondering if Zeke could still feel what remained of our connection. Whispering words of regret for inadvertently hurting him, while hoping beyond hope that he was still alive, I’d pressed my fingers against the crest and offered up a silent prayer that he wasn’t dead or seriously maimed. Summoning up the courage to face whatever calamity was coming next, I’d left the room to join Semyon for supper.
He’d been waiting at the bottom of the stairs and gave an appreciative sweep of my clothes. Before we ate, he’d wordlessly healed Shay’s damage to my neck by dabbing a little of his own blood on either side of the wounds, rendering my skin flawless. Detecting the laceration on my abdomen, he had me lift my top to expose the injury - which hadn’t received the necessary attention it should have over the past few days and wasn’t a pretty sight – and without preamble smeared his blood over the damaged area, healing it instantly. Controlling his blood lust hadn’t been easy. His fangs had descended low over his bottom lip and his eyes burned a deep shade of crimson, but he’d managed to contain his impulses and not drain me dry.
Now, after I’d finished my third helping of risotto and downed the last of the wine, I leaned back in my chair. It wasn’t a casual pose, but to take pressure off my stomach because I’d eaten too much. “Semyon, do you think we can talk business now?”
Pushing away his drink, he sighed dramatically. “What is the hurry? You have obviously experienced a very trying week. Take the time to enjoy the good things life has to offer.” He leaned in closer. “And why such anxiety and sadness? Jess, why do you fear me?”
My eyes widened for a second and I realized how futile it was to tell him otherwise when he could scent every emotion possible. And, while I didn’t feel like divulging my intimate thoughts, I didn’t want to upset him either. Treading delicately around his temperamental nature, in order to avoid becoming a smoothie, I replied. “Thank you Semyon, you’ve been very generous and the hospitality you’ve offered has been wonderful, but I’m just unsure as to why you’re helping me.”
His expression was unreadable. “Because I wanted to,” he shrugged casually. “I heard you were in trouble and decided to assist.”
I wasn’t naïve enough to believe that. We had interacted twice before today and each time he behaved like he was barely hanging on to his self-control. “What did you hear?”
“That you attacked Zeke Bai with intent to murder.” His lips pressed together in amusement. “Quite the temper you have there.”
“I didn’t harm him, not deliberately anyway.”
“I believe you. And we will plead your case with the Magistrar. I’ll have my best lawyer present with you. Were it possible, I’d claim your innocence based on your scent alone, but I’m afraid I’m prohibited from doing such things. More’s the pity.”
Just the thought of being further indebted to him was raising my anxiety level. But I didn’t want to broadcast those feelings, so I did my best to remain calm. “That’s very sweet of you to offer.”
“We’ll get it all sorted out. In the meantime, I’m more than happy for you to stay here.” With a broad smile he added, “We can become friends.”
I suspected his definition of friends and mine were quite different. “Actually, I think I may have found a way to have your bond money refunded and for my name to be cleared.”
 “Do tell,” he grinned. “I am most curious.”
“The first time we met, you mentioned you knew the witch who made the truth serum I had taken. The only thing is I don’t know who this witch is or how to get in contact with her.”
“And what would you do if you had another Weirheid potion?”
“I’d consume it in front of the Magistrar, as well as Zeke’s representatives, and clear my name.”
He offered me his outstretched hand. “Let us retire to the parlour and discuss this by the fireside.”
I took his hand, which he tucked around his arm and together we left the dining room like a Victorian couple. I’d need to have the draught before the trial date, which was usually provided with very short notice. I wasn’t sure how long it took to concoct, nor how long it took to deliver, so time was of the essence here. If Semyon didn’t agree to give me the witch’s contact info, I was probably looking at a life sentence at best, or an execution at worst.
We settled into high-backed leather armchairs facing each other. A roaring fire crackled in an intricately designed hearth. Jacques appeared with snifters of what was, probably, ridiculously aged brandy, and placed them and the bottle on a side table close to Semyon.
“Thanks Jacques, for everything,” I said for the umpteenth time. “I can help you with the dishes. I’m sure there are a lot with all the food you served up.” His eyes widened for a moment before Semyon’s laughter filled the room. It was hearty and fun, not mocking.
“Merci, mademoiselle Darrows. That is most kind of you. But, not necessary.”
“Jacques is equipped with unique levels of magic.” Semyon smiled. “The only finger he’ll have to lift is his index. He casts for the clean-up.”
“Oh, okay,” I felt foolish, but it just seemed normal that everyone pitched in to clean up after a meal.
 “Bonsoir et merci,” Jacques added before leaving us alone.
“He has blushed more often tonight than he has in a decade.” The vampire’s eyes took me in, languidly. “You are quite an extraordinary woman. It’s truly refreshing.” He poured two glasses and passed me one. He tipped his tumbler to mine then took a sip. “Now, where were we?”
“The serum.”
“Ah yes! That’s right.” He leaned forward resting his elbows on his thighs. “You probably don’t know, but the mortality rate climbs exponentially for those who absorb a truth-questing elixir so soon after the first dose.”
“Okay,” I nodded coolly, but inside I was like damn, that’s going to put a spanner in the works. I’d already taken Weirheid a second time and yeah, it had almost killed me, but I survived – mostly thanks to Zeke. Essentially, it was the same serum, just kind of like leftovers. So, did that mean taking it again counted for two or three times? Casually, I asked, what the recommended ingestion frequency was.
“I believe it’s one per year – mo more.”
“A year,” I parroted softly then took a sip of brandy.
I had no choice but to go ahead and drink the stuff. It was the only way to be exonerated of the accusations against me. Without it, I had no way to prove my innocence. I certainly didn’t feel like risking my life again, but I couldn’t see myself being on the lam for a year, at least not successfully. Hiding out would be hard, and having a price on my head would make it next to impossible to stay in one place. Shifter bounty hunters were relentless. If the price was high enough, they’d stay in their animal forms for months, until they’d tracked down their prize. I wasn’t equipped to evade them. The magic dram seemed to be the only option.
“Jess, please tell me what’s going on. I sense so much worry and fear in you. It brings out the protector in me. I want to keep you safe. I want to help you.”
Vampires were only protective of their pets, or personal blood banks. It was a strange dynamic, kind of like co-dependents, only next-level. “Thank-you, but, really, I’m fine. I just need help in locating the witch. I’ll pay your fee, if you can tell me where she lives….and lend me a car so I can get there tonight.”
He observed me for a long moment, his captivating regard holding my attention. “I’m afraid that’s not possible.” He held up his palm when I tried to ask why. “Firstly, it would be a death sentence to show up unannounced. She only deals with those she knows. Her guards would kill you on sight.”
“She doesn’t do walk-ins? That’s like a huge percentage of revenue for many businesses.”
“Trying to see Yana, without following protocol, is like trying to access the human White House by walking in off the street.”
I put down the empty glass and rubbed my hands through my still-damp hair. “You said firstly. So, that’s not the only obstacle? There’s a secondly?”
“Correct. And a thirdly” He poured us another generous shot each. I should’ve refused, but the alcohol was beginning to dull the ache in my brain. For every solution I was trying to find, more problems were popping up like mushrooms. “Secondly, the price of her wares is high enough that only a certain clientele can afford them – that’s if she even agrees to produce it.”
“Okay, so like how much are we talking here? A thousand?”
“Many hundreds of thousands?”
What??? Oh jeez, I was beyond screwed. “Great,” I sighed, raised my glass in salutation and knocked it back. The temptation to fling the glass into the expansive fireplace was strong, but I figured the glass was probably crazy, expensive crystal made by a, now defunct, sculptor. So, instead, I placed it carefully on the side table and stood, wavering slightly before stiffening my spine. “I’ll head off to bed and try to formulate a plan B. Thank you Semyon Iamia for your exceptional hospitality and kindness tonight.” I didn’t attempt any bow because I’d have ended up plastered on the floor. “I won’t forget it.”
He stood with incredible speed, his strong hands covering mine, steadying me discreetly. His large frame felt like it could envelop me and push away my problems like a leaf on the wind. For a moment, I thought of leaning into the shelter of his arms and concealing myself from the harshness of reality. But it was not his arms I wanted surrounding me. Plus, his scent was different, like earth and musk and, while not unpleasant, it wasn’t the scent I needed. Images of Zeke’s body enveloping mine brought back the sad reality that I’d never be able to return to The Yards.
“Such sadness! I don’t understand.”
“It’s complicated.”
“Jess, did you accept Zeke’s claim?”
“Claim?” I swayed some more. “There’s no claim. I think we covered this at Da Nona’s. Didn’t we?”
“Something has changed since then,” he leaned in discreetly passing his nose near my hair. “He is yours. Did you mark him in some way?”
Yeah, I almost took him out with my ink. “It didn’t go as expected.”
He sucked in a short gasp of air through gritted teeth. “I must call his enforcers, immediately.”
“No!” I exclaimed. “You can’t!” I struggled to free myself from his grasp, but I might as well have been trying to remove crazy glue.
“Okay, okay” he soothed. But they’re probably already out looking for you. I’ve the place warded to near invisibility. They won’t find you unless I call them.”
“How can you even be sure Zeke’s alive?”
He frowned in confusion momentarily. “Because his enforcers didn’t kill you during your interrogation.”
He’s alive!!! My heart kicked up a fast pace. The relief was so incredible, I wanted to hug Semyon. But I didn’t because despite the hospitality, he was still on my list of suspects.
“They may have caused some damage to your neck,” he continued, “but it was a scratch compared to what they could have done. And, no matter what Zeke’s current injuries are, or what happened between you both, if he accepted your mark, he will not take kindly to you being here alone with me. I’d like to keep my head where it is.” He swiped his thumb across his neck.
My brows knitted together in a frown. “Aren’t you like this invincible ancient vampire? I thought you couldn’t get killed.”
His belly laugh was surprising. “Under normal circumstances, I am not an easy target. But Zeke is not normal, especially when it comes to you.”
I scoffed then swayed some more. “I really need to sit down.” He lowered me to the chair smirking at my audible sigh.
He pulled an ottoman from somewhere and sat opposite me, our knees almost touching. “So tell me about what happened with Zeke.”
I didn’t want to go into the details, as they felt private, so I just explained that the mark was different between us. “It’s an odd sort of connection, that’s all.”
“So, you are not his lover?”
 We’d certainly sparked something and came close, but an attempted murder charge dampened that, big time. “Uhm…no we’re not.”
“He declared you were his. Would that be in a business capacity?”
“Yeah, I guess that’s more accurate.”
His eyes sparkled with pleasure. “What would you say if I told you I could get you the serum tonight?”
That sobered up my foggy brain and I sat up straighter. “I thought it wasn’t possible without an appointment.”
“For you, yes. But for me, it shouldn’t be too much trouble.”
Wow! I certainly wasn’t expecting that. “Look, I’ve some money, but I don’t think it will cover it. Plus I own a ton of debt and -”
“Currency is not what I seek.”
“Ok,” I responded sceptically. “What is it then?”
“I will require a favour from you.”
“That’s kind of vague.”
“I’m afraid that’s what it is.”
“I won’t agree if this favour means you expect me to hurt someone, become your pet, or have sex.”
“No harm, no pets, no sex.”
“You promise.”
“I promise,” he parroted looking like the cat that got the cream.
“Fine, I’ll accept, if you throw in a car as well.”
“Done.”
He leaned in to shake my hand then moved quickly brushing his lips over mine in a gentle, stolen kiss. Handsome as he was, the kiss felt empty. Semyon was not someone I had any feelings for. But, being a vampire, he could compel me to like him and share his coffin, or whatever it was he slept in. “What was that for?”
“The deal was sealed with a kiss. Now,” he announced as he stood, “I have a potion to procure. It will take most of the night, so - and this is the ‘thirdly’ point I wanted to make earlier– you’re in no fit state to do any more planning for tonight. I suggest you retire to the guest room.”
He was right, I was fairly smashed. A bed sounded like manna from heaven right now. “A short nap is a good idea.”
“Allow me.”
A squeal of shock escaped me as he picked me up and carried me bride-style out of the parlour and up the wide winding stairs to the cozy room. “I could’ve walked” I chided as I was set down. It’d taken all of three seconds and I’d felt like I weighed no more than a feather in his arms.
“Now where’s the fun in that?” With another quick brush to my lips, he left.
I immediately got under the covers and was out in seconds.
The following morning I woke before the crack of dawn. A construction crew was busy with a jack-hammer in my head. I swept aside the mats of hair from my face then turned on the bedside lamp, squinting with a wince as my eyes adjusted to the light. A note, written in a neat cursive script, was propped against a few new items. It read;
A vial to seek truth
A key to travel far
A pill to relieve pain.
And juice to rehydrate.

Your friend,
Semyon
I smiled before popping the pill and washing it down with the fruity extract. The vampire had delivered the serum as promised and I was extremely grateful. But it hadn’t helped me to trust him, or eliminate him from my list of suspects. Until I could look the culprit in the eye, everyone was a potential serial killer. Throwing off the covers, I opened the thick, heavy curtains and immediately covered my eyes from the glaring sun. My hangover was worse than I thought. There was no clock in this place, so I could only guess that it was close to noon.
After taking a shower and dressing, I made my way downstairs. The truth potion was tucked into my bra and the car keys were in my hand. Jacques met me at the bottom of the staircase.
“Hello Jacques,” I greeted warmly.
He smiled shyly, “Bonjour, Jess.” He handed me an envelope. “It came for you this morning.”
The Magistrar’s seal indicated who the sender was. My stomach knotted in apprehension. If they’d fixed the trial date, I hoped it wasn’t today – not with the severe hangover I had. Cracking open the seal, I read the words with disbelief. “All charges against Jessica Darrows have been dropped by request of Zeke Bai,” I whispered.
“C’est merveilleux!” Jacques exclaimed. “This is most fortunate. I am so happy for you.”
I could hardly believe it. Zeke didn’t want to have me charged for harming him. How was this possible when he’d seemed so close to death? Joy and relief washed over me. I read the document again, taking my time to absorb the other details I’d skimmed past.
“Jacques, they’ve already refunded your bail money!” My knees almost gave in with pure relief. “Plus, I don’t have to abide by the conditions of release….” my eyes took in the next line, “…with the exception of not approaching the victim or his territory.”
I blinked back tears. My first thought had been to go see Zeke and explain I was innocent, but obviously he didn’t want me near him. Couldn’t say I blamed him. It was totally understandable to not want to have anything to do with the person you assumed had almost killed you.
“I’m sure that is hard for you,” Jacques commiserated. “I will let Semyon know the news when he rises at sunset,” Jacques brought his hands together, his smile wide. “He will be most surprised.”
A plan for my next step immediately came to mind. “I think I’d better leave. Can you tell Semyon I said thank you so much for all his help?”
“But of course. Give me just a moment before you go.” He hurried to the kitchen, returning a few minutes later with a cooler-style lunch bag in his hand. “I took the liberty of preparing you some food. I hope you don’t mind.”
“Mind? Are you kidding! I love your food.”
His hand covered his mouth as he chuckled softly. “You are too kind. And if I may say, not fed enough. Alors, bon appétit,” he passed me the bag that weighed a few pounds. “I wish you a safe journey wherever you may go.”
I reached out and gave him a big hug. “Merci, Jacques.” He patted my back paternally. We broke apart and I dashed outside with a new plan and a new destination in mind.
The Hills Academy sounded very upscale as schools go, but in essence the name and the location were a paradox. A bit like a heavy-set woman with frizzy hair and a pronounced waddle being called Sophie Loren. Still, what the place lacked in architectural beauty, it more than made up for with the love and dedication of its teachers. The Hills community was a small and tight-knit one, where everyone knew one another. All children living at the Hills Orphanage, situated on the adjacent grounds, were educated at the academy. From Kindergarten through to high-school, students were encouraged to learn trades. Getting accepted into university was a privilege for the wealthy, although an odd scholarship was won here and there. But it was a rare occurrence.
After a five hour drive, and despite the luxurious mode of transport Semyon provided, I was happy to leave the confines of the car. Concerned the vehicle might be tracked, I’d used ink from a pen in the glove compartment to create a rune on the undercarriage in order to block anyone from tracking me. I’d applied the same rune on my leg, but I wasn’t sure how effective it would be. The time on the dashboard read six p.m. Supper time. All the kids would be down the road in the Orphanage’s great hall, except one person. He’d still be milling about the school’s corridors.
Walking up the steps to the main entrance brought back a slew of memories, some happy, some not so happy. It had taken several years and a few cutting disappointments to accept that I wasn’t the adoptable type. But once I realized I was loved and accepted here, I flourished. Slipping inside the great red door, I waited in the vestibule. There was no need to call out for anyone. Parsons, the academy’s custodian, knew when someone was waiting for him. His wooden desk, a sort of low-slung pulpit, only ever held two items, a sign in sheet and a pen. To the right of that was a long cedar bench with coat hooks. I shrugged off my jacket and hung it up. Dutifully, I completed the visitor log, then sat and waited.
Scents of furniture polish and mothballs filled the air and I couldn’t help but smile at how, as kids, we used to hunt for camphor tiles in the hope of getting rid of the intense smell. We never found them, as they were too well hidden. There was a reverence in the silence of the place. Not that we didn’t have screaming kids running about, but they were usually newcomers who hadn’t yet mastered the ability to be quiet. I’d been one of those kids. I thought it was punishment having to remain silent, but later realized, I was being taught how to still the mind, something that would serve me years later and give me the strength I needed to face life’s challenges.
“Jess!” Parsons silent footsteps brought me out of my reverie. “What a wonderful surprise to see you here.”
His steps were quick and strong despite his stooped frame and frail body. Tufts of white wispy hair protruded in all directions which lent him a mischievousness that matched his rosy cheeks, warm smile and twinkling blue eyes.
“Parsons! So lovely to see you too.” Hugs weren’t his thing so we clasped hands in mutual joy at seeing each other again. Tears started streaming down my face at that very moment even though five seconds earlier they weren’t even on the horizon.
“Some days are a little bluer than others.” He nodded then pulled a box of tissues from thin air with one ready to be plucked. I smiled and took one, but he kept the box there until I’d armed myself with several. I hoped it wasn’t indicative of what was to come, a bit like a bad weather forecast –– torrents of tears coming in on a low front.
“Indeed they are,” I sniffled and took a deep breath to bring things under control. “How are you? Are the new kids behaving?”
“I’m old,” he laughed and beckoned me to follow him. “We have a few that just started” he said, hobbling beside me. “They’ve made it their mission to teach me something called a Swish.” His hands rose in a sign of hopelessness. “Mrs Bantry has had to reset my hip bone three times. I’ve been advised to give it up.”
We entered the vast library and I paused like one who had entered a state of Nirvana. The smell of ancient paper generated an extreme sense of blissful peace that no amount of yoga, wine, sage or comfort food could achieve.
Parsons observed my dreamy expression and nodded knowingly. “It is a special place, is it not?”
“It’s hard to find anything like it elsewhere.”
He motioned me forward with him. “Have you ever wondered why the library creates this sense of wonder and oneness?”
Parsons was no ordinary custodian. If anything, he could have been headmaster. But he never wanted that; never wanted to be a teacher, or hold sway or power over any child or adult. He was, however, an exceptional guide. He’d discreetly steer others when they needed it, or sometimes when they didn’t. He could often be seen passing by students studying and with a gentle nudge of wisdom enrobed in magic, obstacles were no longer seen as such, or careers would be re-directed. Sometimes, he helped in the smallest of things, like when you just couldn’t get the hang of tying your shoelaces.
And right now, I felt his guidance touching on my senses like a butterfly landing on a blossom. “I don’t know, really. I think I like the solitude and escapism.”
“Indeed,” he nodded pensively while taking in the high shelves and tomes of every kind. “But I would say that perhaps, those feelings, while accurate, speak to your human side.”
I followed his line of sight, noting each section, trying to see what he saw. “I’m not sure I understand.” Once again, I felt the subtle nudge of his magic flittering over me like a feather on a light breeze. “These books are stories, both fact and fiction. They’re from the minds of others put to paper.” His smiling face nodded happily. “But what of the witch in you?”
“Ink to paper,” I whispered. “It’s because I connect to all the ink on every page of every book.”
“Very good.” He gave a slight bow. “I am sure you feel something similar in book stores or just being surrounded by your own collection.”
I didn’t frequent book stores because I hadn’t been able to afford such a luxury and my own collection was carefully packed away in the storage unit I was renting. That three foot- squared space housed what little possessions I had. They were part of me, they were my treasures.
“Why did I never realize this before?” I trailed after him. We settled into two armchairs angled near the fireplace, the setting very similar to the one shared with Semyon last night. Flames licked the fresh log and I realized that this far north of Bayside, the evenings felt considerably chillier.
“We spend our lifetime learning about ourselves and our magic. It would be so much easier if we were born knowing it all,” his eyes crinkled with a smile, “but then where would the adventure and wonder be in that?”
“Perhaps,” I replied diplomatically. There were certain adventures I definitely could have done without.
He conjured up a coffee pot with sandwiches and poured us both a cup. After we’d mixed in the necessary additives, he continued. “Now, tell me about this taxing situation you’re in.”
My eyebrows rose in surprise. “You heard about what happened to Zeke?” A blush of shame reddened my cheeks as his head dipped in the affirmative. “Someone’s trying to frame me for crimes I didn’t commit. Horrible crimes.” I ignored the tight knot in my throat and continued. “And the few people who were beginning to befriend me…well, let’s just say I won’t be getting party invitations from them anytime soon.” I placed the cup back on the table. “I’m out of options, Parsons. If I can’t find the proof that would clear my name, I’ll have to take another truth serum. Apparently, there are risks associated with that. I feel I’m damned if I do and I’m damned if I don’t.”
He leaned forward, topped up my cup as well as his own. “Start from the beginning, Jess and leave nothing out. The more we understand, the better equipped we are to fight back.”
“We?” I croaked.
“We,” he nodded resolutely.
Although he was aware of Bossman’s death, I revealed for the first time, the amount of restitution I had to pay, how that led to me being evicted and, subsequently, working for Zeke. I explained how I took a Weirheid potion, had been accused of murdering Sam and Boa; I added in the details of the attempt on Zeke’s life, Semyon’s help and the Magistrar’s letter telling me the charges were dropped. The only things I felt he didn’t need to know about was having my arm broken, the grain extractor, linking with Zeke’s tattoo and the kiss.
For his part, Parsons listened with unwavering attention. He interrupted only a couple of times to clarify certain details, like what the room was like where Bossman was tattooed and was Sam seeing anyone from The Yards.
“Well, you certainly haven’t had it easy Jess, but you should have come to me sooner and not bear these burdens alone. But I will say this, you are to be commended for your strength and tenacity that would have broken others, had it been them.”
High praise indeed coming from a man who gave out compliments as often as the Red Sox winning a championship. I couldn’t tell him I was trying my best not to let all of this madness eat me alive. “Who could be committing these brutal acts? I mean, I’ve tried to compile information on possible suspects and those close to the victims, but I’m still drawing a complete blank on whoever’s trying to set me up.”
“Let’s look at the obvious facts first.”
“Okay.”
“We know you did not contaminate your own ink.”
“No, sir. I did not.”
“But we know someone is somehow contaminating it prior to its use.”
“That’s correct, but I don’t know how. It’s not like I leave it out for anyone to interfere with.”
“The first victim, Bossman, died while being tattooed. A total of four people were in the room that day and you are the only one alive.” He noticed me wince. “This is only about the facts, Jess. There is no blame being placed anywhere.”
“Okay, but it still looks like I’m the perpetrator.”
“Which means the murderer or murderers are very astute at keeping the focus on you. The pattern is too similar in each case to consider multiple killers, so I believe this is a one man show. We need to divert that focus back onto him by eliminating you as a suspect. Now,” he took a sip from the cup, “the second person to die was Sam the barman. We won’t consider Meat because he died from an incompatibility with the truth serum and vampire blood. What is perplexing about Sam is that he was not present the night Bossman died. His death would appear random, if it wasn’t for the fact that your ink was used as a murder weapon. So, why was he targeted? What was it about him that fit the perpetrator’s criteria for murder?”
“I’ve no idea. He seemed like such a kind, gentle soul.”
“So, let’s put his case to the side for now and move on to Boa. What do you know of his murder?”
“Very little. Cato wouldn’t allow Zeke’s guys to investigate. But it was my ink that killed him. When Cato discovered that, he came after me – violently. I hurt one of his guys.”
“In self defence.”
“Of course.”
“And lastly, the attempt on Zeke’s life - again with your ink - except this time you’re actually with him and the evidence is damning. He would’ve died only you intervened so quickly.”
“I did what anyone would do given the circumstances.”
“Not exactly the behaviour of a killer.”
“I’m still the only suspect.”
“That’s because those investigating are too close to him.”
“Makes sense, I suppose.”
“The target this time was Zeke. Quite the objective, wouldn’t you say?”
“He runs The Yards. I’m sure he has enemies.”
“What would an enemy of his want?”
“It could be anything. He could’ve refused to crest someone and that person wanted revenge?”
“Plausible, but if we loop back to Sam, who has no connection to anything other than he works at The Yards, I can’t help but think he was in the wrong place at the wrong time.”
“His apartment was the wrong place and wrong time?”
“That’s where his body was found. It doesn’t mean he died there.”
“Oh, you’re right. I don’t know if that was even considered. In fact, I know very little about each of these deaths, how they were investigated and what was found.” I should’ve thought to check those things. “I’ve just been repeating to everyone that I’m innocent.”
“That’s a normal reaction. Your word, your voice is all that’s left when the chips are stacked against you.”
“But, given the treatment I’ve received since Zeke was attacked, I should’ve seen how there’s no transparency in any of these deaths. It’s like each investigation has been thoroughly botched.”
“Excellent! Already you’re moving the focus away from you to the people responsible for finding the culprit.”
“I don’t want to take that truth serum and I don’t want to be on the sidelines waiting for someone to take their head out of the sand and find whoever is committing these crimes.”
 “So demand to know what progress has been made and if something doesn’t seem right, challenge their findings.”
“And what if that doesn’t lead anywhere?”
“Then you need an ace up your sleeve.” He leaned forward, “the places where you have used your ink were bright, or well lit, correct?”
That was a strange thing to say. “I guess, for Bossman at least. But I don’t know what the luminosity was like wherever Sam or Boa died.”
“You need to find that information. From there, we can look at the theory of deliberate contamination by a shadow walker.”
“A vampire?”
“Not every vampire can shadow walk, and those that can, are usually very old. If the places where Sam and Boa died were not well lit then we can suspect such a creature. From your testimony, I am fairly confident a shadow walker did not commit Bossman’s murder. However, he could have sanctioned it, though I can’t say for certain.”
“So, Semyon could be involved somehow?”
“Perhaps. He would have had difficulty being around when Bossman died because, although he’s ancient, bright light is difficult to endure even at that age. Plus, when the glass of blood was produced to add to the ink, a vampire would have had great difficulty resisting its allure. But, again, none of this is impossible.”
Parsons looked over my shoulder, distractedly. “I must tend to something, Jess. I will be back shortly.”
After he left, I got up, paused near the door and began to browse the packed shelves of books that gave the room its unique scent and created an atmosphere worthy of any sacrarium. I peered randomly at a tome, whose title was a series of undecipherable symbols in gold against a solid black cover. Curious, I went to pluck it from its spot when the door opened, signalling Parsons return.
“I can’t make out the title -”
“Hi Jess.”
My head whipped up to find Zeke standing in the doorway looking the picture of health. “Zeke,” I whispered in astonishment.
He wore a white, long sleeved t-shirt and faded jeans and wasn’t exhibiting any signs of his brush with death. A smile tugged the corner of his mouth. In that moment I was so relieved, I wanted nothing more than to fling my arms around his neck, but fear kept me fixed to the spot. Was he here to arrest me? Drag me back to a dank cell? Did he really believe I tried to kill him?
Parsons interjected by gently clearing his throat. “I will leave you two be.”
“Are you okay?” I asked nervously, once we were alone.
He stepped closer and brushed his hand against my hair. “Don’t be afraid of me, Jess.”
I leaned back and looked up at him. “I truly didn’t try to harm you in any way. I don’t know what caused you to pass out.”
“They told me you were arrested.” His hand drifted down my arm, “and kept in the detention centre.”
He hadn’t said he believed me about the attack and that just felt like a wallop to the gut. I moved back out of reach, creating some space. “I was bailed out on the second day.”
“So I heard.”
Did he know Semyon financed my freedom? “Uhm…how come you were able to find me here?”
He shrugged lightly, his eyes never leaving mine. “The ink you tattooed on me created a special connection between us. I just followed the pull and it led me here.”
“What kind of special connection?”
“That would be better explained over dinner. We could get something to eat now, if you’d like?”
“It’s not safe,” I warned. “Whoever is trying to frame me could target you again.” I shook off the memories of him unconscious on the floor in Inkspot. “And I’ve had enough of the detention centre to last me a life time.”
He nodded once before his frown became pronounced as he took in the room. “So this is where you grew up?”
The orphanage’s address was noted in the Otherworld Registry that I’m certain he’d already consulted prior to hiring me. “Until I aged out,” I replied cautiously.
He shoved his hands deep in his pockets. “Mustn’t have been an easy life growing up without a family. No mother, father or siblings of your own? That can make for a special kind of person – one who lets only a select few in. One who doesn’t trust easily.”
Was he trying to psychoanalyze me? I’d had a good home here and it had been enough. “From what I’ve seen, families can be over-rated. Being connected by blood doesn’t mean there’s no dysfunction. At least here, it was peaceful and we had all the basics.” After a pause, I added, “so, what brings you here, Zeke?” I’m sure it wasn’t to discuss my childhood.” Maybe he wanted to mete out his own version of punishment for whatever caused him to pass out. “The Magistrar ordered that I not approach the victim or his territory, so unless there’s another death to pin on me, I think you should leave.”
Just then Parsons returned. He regarded Zeke intensely. “Do you believe she harmed you and murdered those people?” It was the most stirred-up I’d ever seen him.
“Not Jessica Darrows in herself, no.”
That was a weird way to put it. “Really?” My tone was one of disbelief.
“Your quick thinking saved my life. I won’t forget that. I’m going to find out who did this and I won’t rest until the person is caught. I’ve got the guys working on some extra security around the community right now.”
“The same guys who, with no questions asked, had me in jail within minutes of your collapse?”
“What?” His eyes widened for a second before narrowing to slits. “I thought the Magistrar called for your arrest.”
“Check with the elite scribe assigned to your case, Miss Nodver. She has all the scintillating details.”
He pulled out his phone and began scrolling through various screens. I turned my interest back to the book with the gold symbol. Although my eyes were fixed on the mysterious rune, I was acutely aware of his every move.
“The scribe’s report stated there was an injury. Were you were hurt while in jail?”
“I’m okay, someone healed me.”
“Was it Shay and Jonah who hurt you?” His nostrils flared, his fists clenched.
“It was,” Parsons interjected quite sharply and my heart melted at how protective he felt.
“I’m very sorry, Jess. I did not permit them to touch you in any way. They will be reprimanded.”
“I don’t want that,” I sighed, feeling the tension rise. I also had a headache coming on and needed to bask in the peace and serenity the surrounding books offered. “Well then, if there’s nothing else…...”
“Actually, there is…Jimmy needs you.”
Ah, so that’s why he sought me out. Why did I feel disappointed about that? “I disagree, she doesn’t. Now, please go.”
“When I began to recover and felt strong enough, we tried to find you after your release, but couldn’t get a clear reading on your position. Do you know why? It was as if you were close by but we couldn’t zero in on an exact location. The pull of the connection became wispy.”
I shrugged noncommittally. I certainly wasn’t going to mention hanging out with Semyon. Even if Zeke had access to the scribe’s statement, where it mentioned me being discharged to a Mr. Trottier, he didn’t seem aware that it was Semyon’s employee.
“Jess, I hate to say this, but Jimmy doesn’t have the luxury of time. I really hope you can find it in your heart to help her.”
I’d do anything for Jimmy and wouldn’t hesitate to assist in any way I could, but I also saw an opportunity to ensure I wasn’t kept in the dark in the on-going investigations. “I would like access to everything you’ve found out so far on the murders. All the files. I want to see how the crimes are being handled.”
“Sure, we can look through the data together.”
“Fine, then I’ll help Jimmy.”
“She’ll be very happy to see you again. Now, she doesn’t know we’re doing this because I want it to be a surprise of sorts.” He beamed a wide smile I couldn’t return. “So, you okay to leave?”
“Jess,” Parsons interrupted. “If you need time to think about this, your room is here, as always.”
Taking his hands in mine, I smiled with gratitude that I had him in my life. “Thank you, for everything, but I better not delay in helping Jimmy.” With a gentle squeeze I promised to stay in touch.
“Parsons,” Zeke said shaking the custodian’s hand. It was like seeing a Great Dane with a Chihuahua. “Nice meeting you.”
 Parsons didn’t respond as social etiquette required. He eyed Zeke as he spoke. “Jess doesn’t remember, but I was the one who found her on the steps of the orphanage that winter morning twenty three years ago.”
Oh no! Parsons, please don’t tell this story.
“She’d been left on the stoop, wrapped in only a flimsy sheet and hadn’t been cared for, that much was obvious. There was no note, no indication of where she came from, but it didn’t matter; she was safe with us. I picked her up, cradled her cold body in my arms and well, she became my own child that day. So, you can imagine when she returned here this evening, it was as if she’d been neglected all over again.”
I so didn’t want things to take this direction. “Parsons,” I leaned forward and covered his hand, “please.” It was a one-worded plea for him not to pursue this. He nodded once and I offered up a silent thank you for his cooperation.
“You were in such a pathetic state, poor child,” he continued, much to my dismay. Frowning with concern he turned to Zeke. “I cannot say I like how she has fared in your community.”
Yikes!
Zeke nodded resolutely. “You’re right, and I accept full responsibility for her welfare.”
What?? “Ahhm no… I don’t think so. You have no say in my life.”
“She’s a fighter.” Parsons smiled proudly. “Always was.”
“It is an admirable quality,” Zeke added. “She has accepted my crest, and I -”
“We only have a business agreement,” I reminded Zeke.
“I’m afraid -”
“And it will end when my contract is terminated,” I continued. “But, under no circumstances is my welfare your business. Not anymore.” Zeke didn’t seem one bit pleased about that, but I decided to ignore it. “Now,” I said gesturing toward the door, “I believe Jimmy is in need of some assistance.”
“Be well, Jess,” Parsons urged.
“I promise.”
He nodded then eyed the pendulum clock. “Oh dear, I do believe I have a Swishing practise in a few minutes.”
As Zeke walked out, Parsons conjured a folded piece of parchment and slipped it into my hand. “A recipe to detect the thing we spoke of,” he winked. “Now I do believe your young man knows the way out. I hope to see you soon. Let’s not wait so long next time.”
“He’s not my man,” I whispered. “And of course, I’ll come see you soon.” I gently squeezed his palm. “I don’t know what I’d do without you.” He patted my hand then quietly exited a side door in the corridor.
When we reached the vestibule, Zeke plucked my jacket from the hook. His shoulders stiffened momentarily before holding it out so I could put it on. “Is something wrong?” I asked.
“Nothing at all,” he smiled before slipping it over my shoulders. I was surprised at the intimacy of such a gesture.
He was as gallant as ever. Yet, I couldn’t fully relax. I felt like another legal bomb was about to fall on me. If the letter from the Magistrar stated I was to have no contact with him, why could he have contact with me? He covered my hand with his then slowly trailed his thumb across my skin in a gentle caress.
Thermal shock waited for me outside as the temperature dipped to near freezing. My feet hastened down the steps to the car with one goal in mind: heat. But when I got to the end of the path, I saw the vehicle was gone.
Oh Hell’s Bells! Semyon’s car had been stolen? It was probably worth the price of a small country! “Damn, I’d left it right there.” I went to pull the key from my pocket, but it was gone. “Where’s the key? I’d locked it.”
“Relax, Jess” Zeke removed his jacket and placed it over my shoulders. “Shay and Jonah are driving it back.”
 I pressed a hand to my chest with relief. “Hang on? They took the key from my coat pocket?”
“I told them to.”
“Really,” I frowned. “You were pretty confident I was returning with you.”
“I was confident you’d want to help Jimmy, that’s all.”
“Well, you should’ve checked with me first.”
“You’re right, I’m sorry, I should’ve.”
“So how are we getting back?”
“Jimmy should be along any minute now.”
Covering that kind of distance with Jinn transportation was going to have me flat on my back again.
“C’mon y’all. I ain’t gonna be late for my date with Jax,” Jimmy fussed as she apparated before us in a whirl of wind. “That man has promised me a night to remember before I have to leave and the sooner it starts the better. Now hustle folks.”
“Thanks Jimmy,” Zeke said wrapping his arm around my waist and stepping closer.
“Jess,” Jimmy whispered, “You good?”
“I am,” I said softly.
Jimmy spread her arms “All right, group hug.” She towered over me with her high heels, held us tight and about a minute later we were in Zeke’s living room. She quickly checked us over “y’all are alive, not puking, or dying?”
“I’m fine,” I smiled surprised I wasn’t spinning. Zeke had held me so close I hadn’t felt like I had been on a structurally flawed carnival ride.
“You ‘n me are doing mani’s tomorrow, gurl. Those fingers just about shredded my gown and your hands look terrible.”
“Have a good night,” Zeke said and Jimmy was gone in a flash.
I was looking at my hands trying to find the horror Jimmy saw when Zeke took them in his. “Why do I smell that vampire, Semyon Iamia all over you? Why were you driving his car?”
His tone was gentle but peppered with fatigue and he wasn’t looking as healthy as he did a few minutes ago. Even if they had managed to nurse him back to health, he wasn’t a hundred percent. Whatever had caused his collapse, it really did a number on him. I truly hoped it hadn’t been my magic.
“Look, after you passed out, I instantly got the public-enemy-number-one treatment and was facing a life sentence or death by shredding. Semyon and his chef, Jacques bailed me out.”
“So you were with Semyon in his house?”
“Zeke, I didn’t come back here to get grilled by you.”
“You’re right, of course.” He looked contrite. “Were you okay?”
“I was safe and warm and had far too much to eat.”And drink.
“Good to know.”
“And you? Do you know what caused you to faint?”
“I was poisoned.”
My eyes widened in shock. “Was it that same toxin used to harm Sam – from the Tapst spider?”
“Someone got their hands on Rolphbanus. That’s what was in my system.” At my blank stare he extrapolated. “It’s a powerful shifter sedative, a rarely used one at that, owing to all the side effects and complications it causes.”
“I’ve never heard of it before.”
“Well, I had twelve times the legal dose in my blood. It could have killed me if you hadn’t intervened when you did.”
“Twelve? That’s insane.”
“As part of the investigation, Inkspot’s product inventory was checked, but, not surprisingly, it wasn’t listed. We confiscated the bottle you used as well as the pod for dipping the tattoo needle and had them tested at the lab. The poison was contained to the pod only. The bottle was clean.”
“So you think I added a poison I’ve never heard of to the ink pod?” I said an octave too high.
“I’m only explaining what’s happening with the investigation,” Zeke replied evenly. “As you requested.”
“Is that Rhoflaabnuts drug difficult to find?”
“Some shifter packs would have a few vials in case of an emergency. I know the Howlers keep a hefty supply on hand since they’ve started expanding their pack considerably. But it’s really only a last ditch control measure.”
“What about the packs living here in The Yards? Would they have some?”
“There’s a small amount used on one shifter – a big guy – who’s hard to control at the full moon. He’s kept in the Behavioural wing of the hospital during that three day period.”
“So who has access to the drug?”
“Only three people. Dr. Jax, that’s Jimmy’s boyfriend, and two nurses Abe and Joanie. All were checked out and all had alibis.”
“Crap,” I swore lowly. “And with all that damning evidence you still dropped the charges?” I was lucky I hadn’t been executed.
He leaned in and hugged me while pressing his nose to my hair. I knew he picked up Semyon’s scent because I felt him swallow his disdain.
“Jess, please just tell me, you don’t owe Semyon a favour? That bastard always traps people that way. ”
Traps? What? No way! I’d clearly laid down my conditions –no crime, no sex, no tricks and I wouldn’t be his pet. Now I’d been three sheets to the wind when I made the deal, but I’m pretty certain I covered the basics. At least I hope I did. What could Semyon possibly want from me anyway? Ink, maybe? He could ask to see how I created ink from scratch. That wouldn’t be good at all. I should have included that in my list of no-go’s. How long would I have to wait before he called in this favour anyway? Could it be today or years down the road? Both options conjured up a feeling of dread. I didn’t want to tell Zeke the truth because he’d make a monumental fuss, but I didn’t want to lie either.
“I don’t know if you noticed, but I was the one who left with not only his car, but half of his chef’s fridge. I think it’s safe to say I wasn’t trapped.”
“Okay then.” He hugged me tightly, seemingly reassured.
 I pulled away from his proximity and smiled. “So I’d better get started on the base of the unlinking spell for Jimmy. The first step takes several hours to ferment.”
“Okay, I’ll order us some food while you do that. Afterwards I’ll get my lawyer to contact the Magistrar’s office and make sure the legalities of you being here is ironed out.”
After the base recipe was put aside for the aeration process, and we’d had our fill of delicious Asian-fusion take-out, I listened in on Zeke’s call to the lawyer. It was a lengthy conversation and by the time he hung up, I was more than ready to get some sleep. Zeke had attempted to talk about the so-called connection that had formed between us when I tattooed him, but my brain was too fried to discuss it.
“It’s late and I’m tired.” I said, putting the last of the containers in the trash. “Why don’t we both get some sleep and have that talk tomorrow.”
“Are you asking me to sleep with you, Jess?” The devilish smile made me re-evaluate his fatigue level.
“Don’t flatter yourself.” I chided gently with feigned annoyance. “I need my rest.” I was craving my bed next door. The high thread-count sheets and downy pillows called to me. “You could do with a few hours too, by the way.” I gave a flippant wave goodbye as I headed for the door. “You look like hell.”
He watched me leave, but said nothing. I couldn’t help but wonder what the self-satisfied look was about. I entered the apartment, slipped off my shoes and headed for the bathroom. After a quick shower, I put on some pj’s and fell into the bed’s silky softness where sleep took me into its inky depths.
Chapter 9
The tantalizing odour of toasted bread and freshly percolated coffee pulled me from a blissfully deep slumber. The time on the bedside clock read ten a.m. I’d slept ten hours? I used to be an early riser, but since staying in The Yards, I’d become a laggard. The sound of plates and cutlery being moved about motivated me to leave the comfort of the bed for nourishment. If Jimmy was prepping food, I wasn’t complaining. She must’ve wanted to dish on her date with doctor Jax.
“Spill the juicy beans, gurl,” I giggled as I made my way toward the kitchen and froze on the spot. Shay stood at the counter piling food onto four plates. Jonah was perched on a stool facing him. My smile fell and instinct kicked in. I eyed the room searching for ink to cast a defensive rune. Damn. My stash was under my pillow in the bedroom.
“Hey Jess,” Shay offered timorously. “Uh…Zeke let us in.”
“But we still knocked,” Jonah added hastily. “He’ll be here any second.
“He just had to take a call.” Shay saw through my rigid frame, or maybe he smelt my fear. Whatever it was, he was doing his utmost to come across as non-threatening.
They appeared normal, like they were before the attempt on Zeke’s life, but I didn’t trust them anymore and was about to tell them to have their breakfast elsewhere when Zeke walked in. He wore a similar outfit to yesterday, a t-shirt and low-slung blue jeans. There wasn’t a look that didn’t suit him.
“Morning Jess,” he glanced appreciatively over my form. “I asked Shay and Jonah to prep breakfast. They want to show you something, but I thought we should all have something to eat first.”
He walked over to me, took my hand and led me to a stool at the counter. Shay and Jonah appeared nervous. Maybe it was because I hadn’t yet spoken. I was still evaluating where this would lead. It was hard to believe they’d suddenly gone from murderous to cool. Given the way my neck had been cut up, I was sceptical.
They ate in relative silence except for Jonah’s contented murmuring. Shay was a surprisingly good cook, but I’d lost my appetite and played with the food on my plate.
Shay cleared his throat as he pushed aside his empty dish. “Jess, I’m truly sorry for how I behaved. Protecting Zeke’s in my blood. If someone hurts him, or I think they’ve hurt him, it flips my beast switch and I don’t see or think straight. Now, I see that you’re not feeling too safe around me, and that’s understandable, but I hope you know it was just because I had shifted to my guardian mode.”
“Same for me,” Jonah interjected. “I should’ve intervened and not let things spiral the way they did. I’m really sorry for all the damage we caused to….,” his hand gestured toward me, “you know.”
They eyed me expectantly, waiting for a response, but I wasn’t sure what to say. They’d basically stated they were sorry it happened, but that’s the way the cookie crumbles if Zeke’s in danger. It could happen again and who knew how bad things would get.
“Hang on,” Zeke threw in. “Describe this damage. I’d read about an injury but I want to know more.” Shay and Jonah exchanged a silent message only they understood. If I were to take a guess, I’d say they were worried. “What. Damage?” Zeke persisted, none too happy with the lack of information.
I was glad Semyon healed the wounds on my neck, but that wasn’t something I was going to share, especially not with Zeke. It was for that reason alone that I spoke up. “To my reputation, of course.”
“Really?” Zeke retorted, disbelief lacing his tone.
Shay’s eyes widened with surprise, while Jonah wore a questioning frown.
“People have probably heard I was kept in a holding cell for the best part of two days and the rumour mill is most likely churning out all sorts of reasons as to why. Once they hear the truth, it’s going to take more than a town hall meeting to sway them into thinking I haven’t tried to take out their beloved leader.”
“You might have a point there,” Jonah added, clearly relieved. “Waylon was on duty during that period of time. Guy’s got a mouth bigger than a double wide.”
“Why’s he working at the jail?” Zeke questioned evenly.
Jonah threw me an uncomfortable look before replying. “He’s Charlie’s brother.”
Charlie? Wasn’t that the leggy model from the gym who attached herself to Zeke like a mollusc? Did Zeke run The Yards through favours? Like sexual favours? My gut told me it wasn’t that kind of set-up. People had too much respect for him.
“That was a probationary position.” Zeke shook his head. “Lee was supposed to have let him go if he didn’t fit in.” Taking out his phone, he selected a key then waited all of two seconds before speaking. “Wendy, email me Waylon Dent’s file. Correct, now. Thanks.”
“You think Lee found him up to par?” Jonah asked.
“Who’s Lee?” I enquired.
“Jail’s head enforcer.” Jonah answered quickly.
Zeke pocketed his phone. “No, I think he found Charlie up to par.”
I observed Zeke to try and discern if Lee’s ‘probing’ Charlie bothered him. If it did, I think I’d prefer to be back in the cell with Shay mincing my neck. His expression was about as readable as a cement wall.
Shay thumbed toward Jonah. “You want us to bring in Lee? Or Charlie?”
“I’ll deal with that issue later. For now, why don’t you prep, as we discussed.”
Shay exchanged a resigned expression with Jonah. “I still think this is a bad idea.”
“Very bad,” Jonah added.
“Noted,” Zeke said with a tone of finality.
Shay sighed then stood and pulled his sweater over his head revealing toned, creamy skin. His fingers moved to the waist of his jeans and he began unbuttoning the fly. Tufts of blond hair appeared as the material opened gradually.
“Whoa!” I exclaimed as my hand shot out. “What are you doing?”
“Shay, go to the bathroom to do that.” Zeke said coolly. “Cover up with a towel.”
“What’s going on?” I demanded.
Zeke’s hand covered mine as he leaned in closer. “Just remember, you’re safe with me, no matter what.”
“Pretty sure that’s not helping her,” Jonah cut in humorously.
Shay reappeared with a hand towel covering his privates. He didn’t look too happy. “Okay. I’m ready. Have Jess approach me.”
Zeke nodded his accord before uttering a guttural noise that sounded like Taahool. Instantly Shay’s towel fell as his body crumpled over. Bones cracked and popped in horrible mini explosions of blood and tissue. Skin stretched and darkened before a hairless dog-like body formed. Powerful muscles covered the beast which stood well over seven feet tall. Silvery gray, steely eyes pinned me to the spot as sharp elongated teeth descended from a snarling muzzle with jet black gums. Large, pointed blood red ears were pressed against his massive head, as if poised to attack. A two foot tail lashed through the air, cracking like a whip. Immense talon-like claws protruded from his bulky paws. Semyon had been right. Shay had barely scratched me in the jail cell compared to how he could have sliced me open.
I gulped audibly. “What did you say to Shay?”
“I asked him to shift.” Still with his hand wrapped around mine, Zeke approached slowly.
“Hey, hey, hey, hey,” I protested while trying to pull away. “Are you nuts? I’m not going near that -”
“You have to. He needs to know what you are to me.” Approaching the terrifying creature as if it was an anxious dog, Zeke raised his hand and spoke gently. “Lay Tahkaffoom. Lay Tahkaffoom.”
“What does that mean?” I whispered. The tremor in my voice gave away just how fearful I felt.
“I’m telling him not to be afraid.”
Afraid? He’d down us whole like we were nothing more than cocktail sausages. “How could he possibly be scared?”
“He’s worried for me. He doesn’t trust you, yet. Stand beside me and follow my lead. Don’t resist…anything.” He gently raised my arm outwards, placing it in perfect chomping distance of the monster’s snout. Its nostrils flared several times as a deep and menacing rumble fractured the silence. “Heyah Lee, Esswahdoom. Heyah Lee. Sauff tackobilahaa.”
The dog growled once more before a cold wet nose dipped into my palm and stayed there. The beast’s snout trailed to my hair and settled on top of my head. I had to stop my knees from buckling under its colossal weight.
“I told him you’re mine and to accept you.” Zeke reached up and lovingly rubbed its ears. “He is absorbing your scent and will consider you part of his pack from now on. He will no longer deem you a threat. He’ll know you’re mine.”
Zeke had said that very same thing to Semyon and it had caused me a slew of problems. And an ancient vampire was a lot easier to handle than a black hound from Hades’ swamp. “I’m not yours,” I whispered.
Shay, the beast, growled fiercely as dark saliva dribbled in heavy dollops to the ground.
Before I could blink, Zeke spun me into his arms and pressed me against his rock solid chest. “Jess, now’s not the time to contradict me.” He reached out to rub the creature’s maw. “Heyah Lee,” he said soothingly.
Zeke looked into my eyes and his lips lightly feathered mine. A long slobbering tongue licked the length of my face. Eeewww. I pasted on a smile, as I swiped away beast saliva, while Zeke beamed a wide smile.
“Looks like Esswahdoom approves of you.” Turning to Jonah, he said, “okay, you’re up.”
“He’s one as well?”
“Yep. He has to smell you while in his shifter form, same as Shay.” He patted Shay’s animal on his thickly corded nick. “Taahool.” Seconds later, a completely naked Shay picked up the towel at his feet, flicked it over his shoulder and stalked to the bathroom.
Jonah’s beast was far friendlier than Shay’s and promptly covered me in saliva as soon as he’d shifted. I’d asked Zeke why Jonah was less skittish than Shay and he just said Jonah had never known loss. He didn’t elaborate, so I didn’t push it.
“Okay” Zeke said after Shay and Jonah cleaned up the breakfast plates and I’d taken the time to thoroughly wash my face. “Jimmy will be back later this evening, so let’s meet here to discuss what needs to be done in the next forty-eight hours. Shay, Jonah, you know how to do the set-up?”
“We’re good,” Shay responded then they both left.
“Jess, is there anything I can do to help with the spell?”
“No, thanks. I’ll just get changed and I’ll see you all later.”
“Oh..okay…ahm…….Sure,” Zeke said, his tone tinged with what sounded like disappointment. Maybe I was imagining it? Was there a hallucinogen in beast saliva? “If you need to go out for anything, Manny is the attendant below in the garage. He’ll set you up with transportation. Stick to the confines of The Yards, for now. You’ll be safe in the community, don’t worry.”
“Okay. But, ahhm, I have the car that I drove to the Academy.”
“It was returned to its owner,” he cut in not impolitely. His look told me he knew I wasn’t telling him everything about my interactions with Semyon and he didn’t like it. “You will not need anything of his again. Ever.”
Afraid he’d catechize me about owing the vamp a favour, I headed to the bedroom quicker than grass through a goose. Jimmy’s sayings were beginning to rub off on me.
Armed with Parsons recipe, I drove to a place at the north end of The Yards which was, purportedly, the best Bayside had to offer in terms of herb stores. Manny assigned me a pick-up truck, insisting Zeke’s cars were off limits. Truth be told, when I saw the old, dark blue Ford F-150 sitting in the garage, I’d instantly claimed it as mine – compensation for being jailed, injured and licked by hounds from Hell. It appeared to be a late seventies or early eighties model that was lovingly cared for. When Manny tossed me the keys, I promised the gracious old metal lady, I’d continue with the same mechanical kindness she was used to.
The midday sun was already warm when I pulled up next to a home-come-business on the extreme outskirts of the town. Willa’s Wild Seeds store was a stone’s throw away from the water. The place was quaint, tidy to perfection and had a front garden that was lush and extensive. Bee hives were lined up at the entrance to a hedged field and a sign touted Willa housed honey from heaven. Hopping down from Blue, as I’d so-named the truck, I crossed the grassy lot.
“Hey Jess!” A woman in her late fifties pushed through the mosquito screen door and I immediately recognized her as Willa Karr from the town hall meeting. “So good to see you again,” she called. A few toddlers followed her out, screaming happily as they kicked up the dirt in their diapers and tank tops.
“Hey Willa!” I exclaimed, delighted to see she was the owner. There was something wise and wild about Willa and I couldn’t help but smile when she hugged me like we were old friends. If she’d heard about what happened to Zeke, she wasn’t considering me the guilty party.
“What brings you ‘bout these parts?”
A girl in her late teens appeared and with a quick wave hello, ushered the laughing children toward another building. Willa led me to the house and I could smell fruit pies baking from the front door.
“I have a list,” I explained, while pulling Parson’s recipe from my pocket. “I don’t know a quarter of the stuff I’m supposed to find, but I’m hoping it’s here.”
“I’m not tooting my own horn,” she said frankly, “but if I don’t have it, you’re not going to find it this side of the coast. You’re probably going to have to go much further north.”
“Good to know. So, do I look around myself, or tag along with an expert?”
She smiled warmly, her tan skin glowing, her grey eyes paler in the sunlight. “You’ll be tagging along with me.”
It took over an hour to find everything, but at least it saved me a trip to another town. When it came time to pay up, she refused my money and suggested a trade - an addition to her many tattoos. Not wanting to maim her with my killer tattooing skills, but not wanting to refuse either, I suggested I make some ink specifically for her. It had been a while since I’d made any and there wasn’t a more perfect spot to create some. Willa had a vast array of plants which would yield something different, something wild – just like her.
“If you want, I can make some now. All I’d need is to put together my own ingredients and have a quiet place to work alone.”
“Oh my goodness, yes! That’d be awesome!” She pointed to a shed-like workshop we’d passed at the far end of the field. “You can use Noah’s hut. It’s got plenty of light, nobody’ll bother you there. It’s got a table, stool and a whole lot of other tools you can use.”
“And you’re okay with me picking my own stuff around here?”
“You betcha! Now, just call me if you need help.”
“Will do,” I smiled and we each set off in opposite directions.
It was dark when I began the drive back to meet up with Zeke and Jimmy. Willa was now in possession of a powerful, weird and wonderful ink I’d named, ‘Untamed.’ It promised passion, fierceness and love of nature’s bounty that would shine through in unexpected ways when applied to her skin. I’d kept an extra vial for my stock and the remnant deposits under my fingernails had me feeling like I could reach for the moon. I felt a playful disregard of social rules thrumming through my veins. Despite the cool night air, heat flushed my cheeks and minute rivulets of perspiration trailed from my hairline into my cleavage. I lowered the window and cranked up the music belting from the radio. A giggle burst out as I thought of a fun way to kick off some steam, and my hands directed the steering wheel in the opposite direction of my destination.
The small stretch of beach at Hank’s Cove appeared quite at this hour. I put the car in park, killed the engine then hopped down. After checking all around and finding the place deserted, I beamed a wide smile and ran through the soft sand, discarding my clothes willy-nilly. My body hit the crashing waves in a failed dive, but even the cold temperature of the water did nothing to diminish my joy at skinny dipping under the moonlight. Surge after surge broke over me and I ran, leaped and fell backwards into the midnight blue waves, letting myself float on the rippling swells. This was the most fun I’d had in almost a year. I felt untethered from demands and expectations. I felt completely free.
Lights flashed in the distance, but I ignored them preferring to float on my back between the small crests. Looking up at the waxing Gibbous moon, I smiled at her golden beauty. “You’re almost full,” I whispered as a roll carried me effortlessly to shore before receding to the darkness. I lay on the sand, but the chilly air I’d been able to ignore suddenly felt biting cold. A wave broke over my prone body, its glacial fingers confirming that the effects of Untamed had vanished. Scrambling upright to escape another swell of icy water, I turned around to head back to the truck I’d so recklessly abandoned under the ink’s influence.
Shivers racked my body as I hurried to pick up my discarded clothes. I shouldn’t have been so affected by such a small amount of ink. Given how I’d felt altered after concocting my last batch, Insouciance, there was no denying something was changing when I created ink. I’d no idea what was causing the reaction or why, but it was making me behave erratically. How else could I explain swimming in an absolutely freezing body of water and not feeling it? I could have become hypothermic. Maybe I already was?
I’d just grasped my sweatshirt a few feet from the truck when I heard my name being called out. Looking up, I saw Zeke running toward me, his speed far beyond what was humanly possible. My hands flew to cover my nakedness.
“What the hell, Jess?” He exclaimed worriedly as he shucked off his jacket and threw it over my shoulders. It was large enough to cover me down to my knees.
“I’m o-okay,” I stuttered through racking shivers. Pivoting around, I slipped my arms through the sleeves and pulled it tightly across me then turned back to face him.
“Why were you in the freezing water?” He stared at me again, waiting for a reply. “You know what? Tell me when you’re warmed up.”
One second we were near my truck then I was in his arms and beside his car. He set me down, grabbed a blanket from the back and flung open the passenger door. He placed the cover on the seat then lowered me in and wrapped me up like a burrito. He entered the driver side, started the engine and cranked up the heat to the max. Even the seat was heating and I contained a sigh of bliss as toasty warmth melted my icy core.
With the white noise of the heater blasting and the near-silent engine humming, the silence between us grew uncomfortably loud. He leaned to the side and pulled his phone from his pants pocket, pressed a key and waited.
“I found her. She just stopped by the beach.” His eyes swept over me. “Yeah, fine. We’re at Hank’s Cove. Drive her truck back. Jonah can take your car. And tell Willa, thanks.”
I kept my eyes forward afraid of the questions he’d ask because I had no answers. If I were brave enough to speak truthfully, I’d tell him, my ink was drugging me, somehow. How else could I explain my behaviour lately? I mean I’d always gotten a little vibe from my ink, but never anything like this – apart from that first time I used Hellfire.
His head turned and I felt his gaze fixed on me. I made the mistake of glancing at him and saw something I didn’t expect, worry. He selected multiple settings on the system even though they all felt at their maximum level. “You feeling warmer?”
Ah! A question I could answer. “Yes. Thanks.”
“Was that,” his head tilted toward the ocean, “what I think it was?”
 Gentle surges continued to break onto the sand in a timeless rhythm. “I don’t know what you think it was, so I can’t really say.” I suddenly became fixated on the blanket’s soft texture.
His hand gripped the steering wheel so tightly his knuckles turned white. “I’m thinking you went into the water and…..and maybe…you didn’t want to come out.”
I turned in the seat to face him. Incredulity had me loudly puff out a breath. “You thought I was trying to end my life?” I didn’t give him a chance to respond. “I went skinny dipping. That’s all.”
“Skinny-dipping’s supposed to be fun. You didn’t look like you were having fun.”
“I…I was!”
“So why were your lips blue? Why were you shaking like a leaf and having difficulty walking straight?”
“I just stayed in too long.” His look told me that pinged loudly on the bullshit radar. “I’m not lying! I made some ink for Willa and on the drive back I felt hot and uncomfortable, so I took a dip. And I didn’t feel the cold because the ink kind of….I don’t know… insulated me? When that insulation wore off, the cold set in. It was just mistiming on my part – nothing more.”
He released his grip from the wheel then turned in his seat to face me. Mesmerising eyes took in every part of me as his hand brushed against my wet hair before trailing along my cheek. “So, you’re okay? Because if not, I can get you help. Things have been really rough for you, I know, but I don’t want you to feel….alone.”
Deep inside, a part of me recognized he’d been really worried and for a moment I entertained the notion that it was lovely to see someone truly cared for me– someone other than Parsons. And just for that instant, I basked in the emotional warmth he offered, feeling it as a warm caress on my storm-battered soul. Within him, I saw the perfect blend of all that my heart needed; an anchor to the chaos, and a shelter from the hurricane of life. But those feelings were not conducive to survival and the other part of me, the one abandoned and broken as a child saw a man simply fulfilling his role as shepherd to his flock. I was the black sheep, the one that was more trouble than she was worth and I needed to remember that. So I raised the familiar fence, an essential defence around my heart, ignoring the sadness this generated deep within me.
“There’s nothing going on here other than a little post ink-making wackiness.” I waved a flippant hand while smiling. “Happens from time to time, and this,” I thumbed toward the ocean “was nothing. I once made a potent ink called Lady Luck and rode a mechanical bull until the bar owner threw me out. I kept winning the bets he was placing against me. Filled my pockets for a while that did.”
That had been my first time using hellfire in my ink and was a lesson learned on the potency of demon energy and the three-day recuperation period that followed. But Zeke wasn’t buying it. He sat there brows raised in clear disbelief and sympathy. If he kept going down Pity Street I was going to have to leave. I didn’t want to because a part of me liked having a bed, a little money in my pocket and not feeling like I could have my arms broken at any minute. My eyes begged him to just go with it.
“A mechanical bull, huh?” He finally responded and relief coursed through me. His lips tugged to the side in his typical repressed smile. “Think I’d liked to have seen that.”
He put the car in gear and headed toward the town. As we rode in blissful silence, I made a mental note to ask Parsons about the changes I was experiencing.
Zeke pressed his thumb against a pad at the sloped entrance of a building I didn’t recognize. The garage door rose automatically and he guided the car into a space wide enough for only one vehicle.
“Where are we? This isn’t La Mer, is it?”
“Same building, just a private entrance I use, if necessary.” His eyes trailed to the burrito-blanket and I understood why he wanted me out of the way.
He exited the car and flashed over to my side, pulled the door open and helped me out. He laid a palm across my lower back as we walked to a set of two elevators with a pin pad on either door. He chose the one on the right, entered what sounded like a dozen numbers, if the beeps were anything to go by, and the doors slid open silently. He entered another series of numbers to select, what I guessed was the floor, then the doors closed and we were moving.
We exited out into a highly organized and wide vestibule. I’d never been here before, but the ambient scent reminded me of Zeke’s apartment. “This way,” he said covering my hand as we headed down a corridor.
He stopped in front of a steel door, entered another series of numbers and pushed the door open. We were in his living room. Frowning, I looked behind as the steel panels closed over and a wall, complete with paintings I’d seen before, covered the elevator.
“Wow, that’s quite the escape route you have there.” His eyes dropped to my mouth momentarily then he smiled, but didn’t say anything. After a long moment, I thumbed toward the main entrance. “I’ll just go next door and change.”
“Actually, Jimmy left a change of clothes here - in the guest bathroom. The others will be along shortly and food’s been ordered.”
“Sounds good.” I hurried away happy to be able to shower, get into real clothes and have a good meal. I hadn’t had anything since breakfast and I was starving.
When I emerged from the bathroom dressed in jeans and a loose t-shirt, I padded through the adjoining spare room and noticed the closet with all my clothes were hung up. Three pairs of shoes, including my ratty sneakers, were lined up neatly on a shoe rack and my backpack sat next to it. Eyeing the dresser I crossed the room, pulled open the drawer and saw my underwear separated by bras and panties.
“Your things have been moved in here.” Zeke stood leaning against the door frame, casual as you like, looking edible. He made my nerve endings tingle. “The guest room is now your room. Jimmy transferred your clothes and stuff.”
My room was here?
He had to be joking, right? His expression told me this was the real deal. My heart began to pound, sweat formed on my forehead and my feet picked up a bit of resistance in moving forward. Maybe the poisoned ink damaged some of his brain cells?
“Don’t look like you found gum in your hair,” he teased. “Someone is trying to frame you and they’re willing to take me out to get to you. It’s only normal you stay here. With me.”
Future scenes passed through my thoughts – ones where he’s on the couch humping leggy Charlie from the gym and I walk in on them. In another, I see a parade of women screaming orgasmically from his bedroom every night while I stare at the ceiling waiting for the hellish sounds of coitus to end. “Uhm…no way!” I went to pass him, but his huge frame blocked me.
“Jess it’ll be perfect. You stay here and work next door. I’ve set up a sort of lab and office in your place.”
I was totally taken aback at the planning that went into this and, yet, I’d heard nothing about it. They were like some sort of secret ninja organizers. “To do what work, exactly?”
“Helping Jimmy and other stuff I need you to do, which I’ll explain in more detail shortly.”
“Zeke” I put both hands together in the sign of prayer for understanding then tilted them toward him. “I do not want to live here with you. I can’t be any clearer than that without being rude.”
His body shifted slightly, but the dominance factor was evident. “Your ink resides in the eye of my crest. We are joined in a way that enhances our connectivity.”
“Hang on. You never said that would happen when I agreed to a link. You said I had to connect with you to help Jimmy.”
“And I meant that. I just didn’t think it would react this way.”
“What way?” I felt something primitive pass between us. The tension was electrifying.
“My beast has claimed you.”
Heat pooled between my legs. I knew of that beast. I’d seen it, tasted it and almost had sex with it, but I still had to ask, “What beast?” It came out as a croak.
His nostrils flared as if he could smell my arousal. “You saw him when we kissed.”
He remembered the kiss? He’d never mentioned it, so I thought the poison had, somehow, affected his recollection of that night.
Shaken by the need filling me, I took a deep breath and began to say the polar opposite of what my body craved. “Well, you’ll just have a sit down with your beast and tell him he can’t have everything he wants.”
“Really?” He laughed softly and damn, if that didn’t deepen the desire growing within me.
“Yes, really. You’ve probably indulged him a little too much if one kiss makes him feel he owns a person,” I lectured despite feeling lustful. “Spare the rod, spoil the child, or beast in this case.”
“Jess?” he spoke in a heated voice as he leaned in close, his shirt grazed my t-shirt and his hand cupped my neck as his hooded eyes fixed mine with a smile.
“What?” I whispered, shocked at the way my body turned to a puddle of wax under his touch. It was like I’d been removed as the primary driver of this human vehicle and given the back seat position. I was sure he could hear my heart knocking against my chest.
“I am the beast,” he leaned in, his tongue darted against my lips, inviting them to open.
My breath hitched as my lips feathered his and it was enough for his mouth to completely claim mine in a move that left my stomach feeling like it was on an out-of-control roller coaster. His lips trailed to my neck as powerful arms tightened around me moulding me to his lean toned build.
“Zeke?” I said through breathy pants.
He didn’t speak. His hand slipped the oversized t-shirt off my shoulder, his mouth instantly pressing his teeth against the skin. There was no pain only a deep surge of need that I wanted satiated, immediately. Closing my eyes, I threw my head back, ignoring my inner voice urging me out of this situation. His tongue laved my neck as his hands moved lower caressing my bum. His lips shifted back to my jaw, his hand grasped the back of my knee and lifted it to his hip, pinning me against the wall. His length felt rock hard and massive as he grinded it against me and his lips claimed my mouth once more. A guttural growl sparked the change in his eye colour that burned orange with heat.
His beast was out to play.
His powerful body grinded harder against me and a loud moan escaped me. I pinned my heel to his back. Never had I felt such a craving as I had with him. He feasted on my lips, my neck and my shoulder while his hands roamed everywhere. That sent my lust to a whole other level. His thumbs brushed over each of my pebbled nipples sending sharp darts of need to my apex, igniting my entire body. I arched into him and reached down to unbutton his jeans. His mouth caressed my pulsing jugular grazing it playfully before biting down hard then sucking greedily. Through the haze of need I registered that the bite wasn’t like that of a vampire. It was worse. He’d made a claiming mark.
“You will live here with me,” he said through heavy raspy breaths. “And you will work for me. That’s it.”
And that domineering command was the bucket of ice on the moment. I mean, I was open to negotiating on work and living conditions, but not to being controlled like this. “Zeke.” The man was solid bulky muscle and still in his sex fog, so my efforts barely moved him. “I said stop!” I pressed against his chest while lowering my leg.
“Did I hurt you?” He leaned back, concern masking his desire. He was brimming with passion and, judging from his pants, more than ready to deliver.
“No,” I responded softly, “not at all.” I pushed the hair out of my eyes and created some space between us. “But we need to clear some things up.”
Sensing our tryst wasn’t going to happen, he backed away and leaned against the door. “Sure,” his eyes returned to jade as he rubbed a hand through his hair, “talk to me.”
“What’s this?” I pointed to the bite on my neck.
His beast growled possessively as amber eyes flashed brightly and a wide smile crossed his features. “My beast has officially claimed you.”
“Yeah, I didn’t get the memo that your beast was going to be laying any official claims.”
“It’s primal Jess. There’s no admin involved.”
“I wish you hadn’t done that.” Once my contract ended here, I’d be gone, living elsewhere, but wouldn’t be able to have a relationship for a long time because of this mark. Nothing says ‘unavailable’ quite like a claiming bite.
He stalked closer with a predatory smile, “Well, I’m glad I did.”
“That’s something that should have been discussed between us beforehand. You didn’t ask me if this is what I wanted.”
“I smell it in every fibre of your being. You’re afraid, but I know you want this just as much as I do.”
“You’re wrong.”
“Jess -”
“Look, I will help Jimmy. I will work to catch whoever is trying to harm the people in your community and I’ll sell my ink to pay off my debt, but I won’t live with you while I do that and I certainly don’t accept your claim.” His frown told me he didn’t agree with that, but I continued. “I’ll move somewhere close by, but will still work next door in the lab. That way you’ll have supervision over what I do.” The silence continued. “I can leave first thing tomorrow.” No response. “Okay, maybe I should leave now.” I’d move in with the gnomes, if they’d have me.
“No,” he grabbed my wrist firmly but not painfully. “I don’t want you to leave. Please, Jess. I don’t mean to crowd you. I’m sorry. Having you here is -.”
“You have so many other options. Me living with you should be the last of them.”
 His forehead dropped, the silence drawn out and I realized it was because what he had to say was difficult. “I will find it very hard not to have physical contact with you.” His voice became rough, “such is the nature of our connection. I need you.”
Why couldn’t I just say, ‘fine let’s do this’? “How long is this connection going to last?”
“It will be stronger if you accept my claim.”
“I told you, I won’t accept it, so that means it has to fade, right?”
A knock sounded at the door. He looked down at his aroused state and sighed. “That’s Jimmy and the guys.”
“I’ll get it,” I said covering the mark with my top while moving past him and feeling happy to have a chance for some space to think, but missing his touch at the same time.
 “Let them dry completely,” Jimmy chided with faux menace while putting away the dark purple nail varnish.
After a nice supper, where everyone ignored the sexual tension between Zeke and I, Jimmy declared it was time for us girls to have a manicure. So, while the others went out to do some Yards business, she brought me to the converted apartment next door.
There was no bedroom, no couch, nothing homey left. Zeke had been right. Everything was changed to look like a work-place, like a lab. He really had converted it to a lab-office; a loffice? A labiffice?
“How long will that take?” We’d spent an hour chatting while Jimmy applied multiple layers of coats of this and coats of that to my nails. I surveyed the bag of herbs from Willa’s that Shay had brought up, and was longing to start Parsons recipe.
“So you and Zeke, huh?” She smiled coyly.
“Me and Zeke what?” I played the innocent act.
“Oh puhlease,” her eyes twinkled. “He wants you like nothing I’ve ever seen before. He’s got it bad for you girl and he don’t get it bad for nobody.”
“You’re delusional. He hasn’t a lick of interest in me.”
“Peaches, I could smell that man’s saliva on a cockroach’s ass if he licked it. Now, I ain’t saying you’re a cockroach, but you’ve been licked something good.” Her eyes closed and she held a hand to her chest as she chuckled softly.
I downed the rest of my coffee in a bid to stop the red flush colouring my cheeks. “So tell me about your date with Jax the other night. Did he take you somewhere special?”
She fluttered a hand in front of her face. “To the moon and back.”
A timer chimed somewhere and Jimmy smiled, “you’re done. Those babies are not going to chip, crack, peel or fade.” She tossed her hair back playfully. “Only the best for my girl!”
“They’re amazing,” I cooed, extending them in front of me. “How do I remove them?”
“Why do you want to remove them? Girl, I just put them on!”
“Not now, eventually.”
“They’re staying on for at least two weeks.”
“You know I work with ink, right?”
“A week then.”
“Alright, a week.”
“You take this applicator,” she held up a small wooden stick with a miniscule crystal on the end, “and tip it against each nail.”
“That’s it?”
“That’s it.”
“What’s it?” Shay asked as he walked in –without knocking. Jonah was bringing up the rear.
“Don’t you guys ever knock?” I chided with feigned annoyance.
“No need,” Jonah replied. “It’s not an apartment anymore.”
“You didn’t knock when it was an apartment.”
Zeke walked in and Jonah thumbed in his direction, “See, I’m not the only one not obeying the knocking law.”
“It’s not a law,” I replied to Jonah, while trying to remain indifferent about Zeke’s presence. Anytime I glanced at him, he was looking my way, heatedly.
“What’s not a law? Zeke asked, settling onto the stool by the breakfast bar and swivelling it to face us. They’d left that area and the kitchen untouched, figuring I’d need a place to sit and eat.
“Knocking before entering the lab,” Shay offered.
“So, we getting the meeting started?” Jonah inquired.
“What meeting?” Jimmy asked.
I picked up the nail accessories Jimmy had put into a neat package then sat at the kitchen island, a couple of stools down from Zeke.
“Jess demonstrated, inadvertently I may add, a certain talent for weakening magical links. That gave me an idea on how we might be able to help you with your situation.”
“You can?” Jimmy gasped. “How?” Her voice was rough with emotion.
Zeke hadn’t told them the link was still intact and the spell hadn’t worked? Plus, why did he want to break the link with Jimmy – or vice versa. “I recreated the base spell I used the other day, but I’m not sure I really understand what’s going on here.”
“Jimmy,” Zeke prompted, “this is your story to tell.”
Her expression was a mix of hope and disbelief. “You really think she can help?” She asked Zeke without averting her gaze from mine.
“Her spell weakened our connection considerably,” he offered.
Shay and Jonah observed the exchange in silence, but their stunned regards revealed they understood exactly what had transpired.
Jimmy’s nod and subsequent shift to grab the box of tissues off the work station told me this was not an easy thing for her to divulge. “There’s a Warlock who has bound me to him. He uses me to regenerate his mortality otherwise his evil ass shoulda left this world a century ago. I can’t find a way out of the bind and I tried just about everything. Zeke’s been the only one to weaken the trammel enough so I don’t have to be with the warlock all the time. But I still gotta go there once a year and spend three days and three nights with that motherfucker.” Her hands started to shake as she pressed the tissue to the corner of her eyes. “It’s like a weekend in Club Hell, I can tell you that, ‘cause he’s one cruel, cruel man.”
My hand covered my mouth in shock. Poor Jimmy! I couldn’t imagine all that she’d suffered. “I’m so sorry, Jimmy. I really am. I’ll do whatever I can to help.”
“I’m so afraid to hope.” She twisted the tissue between her fingers.
I hated to ask, but I had to in order to understand the nature of their connection. “Can you tell me what he used to magically tether you to him?” My understanding was consent had to be given and consummated or the bind faded away.
Her eyes took on a stare that spoke of the horrors she’d suffered. “All the dark ways you can think of and then some.”
My heart stilled when I realized how abused she’d been, and continued to be. What kind of person would inflict such cruelty on so gentle a creature as Jimmy? “Even your soul?” That was one element that could never be unlinked.
“No. Not that he didn’t try,” she shook her head as if to break free of the terrible memories. “But the last time I was with him he said it wouldn’t be long until he’d be able to have me, body and soul. And this time, I’m sure he’s gonna try ‘cause I feel him pulling on our link. It’s just like a big ol’ chain getting stronger and stronger each time he powers up with something or other. Probably other misfortunate magical creatures.”
“I don’t know if I have what it takes to just blast all that away?” I said softly, fear creeping up my spine.
“No blasting,” Zeke interjected. “This has to be done stealthily otherwise he’ll feel the connection weakening and become desperate. We have to do this undetected.”
“Undetected?” I parroted. “How?”
“If I knew that, I’d do it myself,” Zeke sighed and rubbed a hand through his hair, obviously unhappy he’d failed in providing Jimmy her freedom.
“But if you felt the link weakening when I tried to break it, what makes you think I can repeat the spell without that snag?”
Shay and Jonah were going through a bag of popcorn like two watching a movie, their eyes riveted on the screen.
“Because by the time I felt a sort of blip on our link it was almost obliterated.”
“But how will I know if the warlock’s perceiving any interference or not?”
“My attachment to Jimmy can be felt on a sort of frequency and, by association the warlock’s can also be sensed, although his is more an echo than an actual feeling.”
“Okay, so how do we tap into that frequency?”
“It’ll require raising the vibrational energy fields for both Jimmy and the warlock. I’ll explain how in due course.”
“So does this mean it’s a go?” Jimmy asked sheepishly, putting a closed fist against her lips, afraid we’d say no.
Zeke looked at me expectantly. “Think you can try to pull this off, Jess?”
No, absolutely not. I had no idea how to accomplish what they were asking. But if I didn’t try and something happened to Jimmy, I’d never forgive myself. “I’ll give it my best shot.”
The water in her eyes brimmed to the surface and she hid her face in her hands as she sobbed uncontrollably. I dashed to hug and console her just as Zeke, Shay and Jonah joined in forming a loving group hug. Zeke’s hand brushed mine and electric tingles shot through my arm. We exchanged a brief, heated look then stepped back.
“Thank you,” Jimmy sniffled. “I’d have surely lost my mind if it wasn’t for y’all.”
“When are you expected to return to him?”
“It was supposed to be tonight, but he messaged that he’s postponed it until tomorrow night. He’s never done that before, so I’m thinking this is a very bad omen.”
Hiding my absolute horror at the short deadline, I pasted on a smile and said, “Well I should get started right away then.”
“Zeke, give her the samples, please,” Jimmy added resolutely.
The long moment of silence spoke volumes on how Zeke felt about whatever it was she was suggesting. “You sure? You know we’ve got nothing else once they’re gone.”
She patted his arm gently. “There ain’t gonna be a chance to use them if he gets stronger and takes my soul. Then I’ll be tied to him for eternity. I’ll have to be with him 24/7 and you know how he’ll spend the majority of that time.”
“I’ll bring them up right away then.” To Shay and Jonah he said, “Stand guard outside this door. Rotate your schedules for breaks and sleep. But nobody goes in without my say so.”
“Got it,” they chorused.
“RPS?” Shay jibed Jonah while heading toward the door.
“Loser gets dibs on the first shift,” Jonah added while following him.
Jimmy blew me a kiss from the doorway. “You’re my little angel, gurl, no matter how this goes.”
“I’ll be right back,” Zeke said to me then followed her out.
With everyone gone, I looked around at the place and felt the enormity of the task ahead. To fail would be to send Jimmy back to Hell.
No pressure, Jess. No pressure.
Jimmy’s ‘samples’ were four clear vials; two were half-filled with mucous tainted blood and the other two were of blood so dark it was almost black – all were hard to look at.
“They’re a mix of….” my voice trailed off suspecting what they were, but hoping it wasn’t that.
Zeke’s lips pressed together for a long moment before he finally replied, “Bodily fluids.”
“Jimmy’s and the warlock’s?”
“Yep.” He shook his head sadly. “She’d always come back in such a mess, but would never tell me what happened. Eventually, she opened up about it. I wanted to murder that bastard so badly, but because of the bind, I’d have killed Jimmy in the process. So,” he exhaled at length, “when Jax tended to her wounds on her return one time, I asked if I could use a sample of the fluids to create a spell to weaken or break the ties with Jimmy. That was when I was able to keep Jimmy from being with him for longer periods of time. And now, well, I just keep looking for ways to sever that connection completely.”
“When was the last time you tried?” I needed to establish the age of the remaining fluids.
“This time last year.”
“What about Jax? He’s a Jinn. Can he do anything to help?”
“Jax is a healer Jinn and has helped as much as he can. Had he confronted the warlock, he would have found himself in a similar situation to Jimmy. In fact, he was heading to eerily similar circumstances, only he bargained for his freedom by healing his so-called master. He came to The Yards and bound himself to me through mutual agreement. Jinns are peaceful and loving, but extremely vulnerable because it’s in their nature to be trusting. There are too many assholes out there trying to exploit them.”
“You’ve been friends with Jimmy a long time then.”
“When I first found Jimmy, about five centuries ago, she was a terrified, emaciated, injured man whose spirit was broken. She’d escaped from the warlock and was running toward a tavern I’d just left when the warlock caught up with her. I’ll spare you the details, but suffice to say I intervened and almost killed him on the spot only Jimmy said she’d die too.
“Over the years, I’ve solicited the talents of many witches, fairies, shifters and just about anyone that could help me break the chains the warlock keeps on Jimmy, but nothing worked.” His hand reached out and brushed a strand of my hair “You’re my biggest hope in a long, long time.”
 “Your relationship with Jimmy is different than with the others.” I left the statement open for him to respond as he wanted to.
“I’d just been branded The Opilio, a sort of protector of the needy – or strays – however you want it to call it. Jimmy was the very first of my Grex –some people call it a flock. Since then, well she’s flourished into the wonderful person you see today.”
“So, let me get this right,” I quipped, “the first thing you did when you became this ‘Opilio’ was to go to a tavern?”
He laughed heartily and I couldn’t help but love the way his face lit up. I found myself smiling along with him, simply because it was impossible not to.
“Yeah, I saw it as a major affliction.” He rubbed his hand along his chin, as if embarrassed by his behaviour. “I wasn’t too happy with the ‘assignment,’ so to speak, and got really drunk. After I left the warlock for dead, I passed out for two days. Jimmy hid me in a stable, stayed beside me and kept me from being robbed or attacked.”
“So the warlock wasn’t able to drag her back with him then?”
“No, I knocked him out cold for a few days. It was another few months before he summoned Jimmy to him. That’s when I started working on breaking those ties.”
“How do you feel about being an Opilio now?”
“I got over the initial shock, and now…..well, I couldn’t imagine being anything else.”
The amount of questions ballooning in my brain felt astronomical, but I didn’t get a chance to ask.
“Okay then, so let’s first get you connected to Jimmy’s frequency and from there I’ll guide you on through the steps to sensing the warlock.”
“Can you explain how that will work?”
“Sure.” He smiled and began unbuttoning his shirt, his eyes never leaving mine. “Your link to me is on my crest, and so is Jimmy’s.” He placed the shirt on the work table and I did my utmost not to ogle the hard lines of muscle covering his smooth, tan skin. “I’ll have you connect to her section of the crest first.” He rubbed his thumb over my hand and I couldn’t explain how so simple a touch was able to create such a deep need to feel his strong arms around me. “You okay with that?”
“Yes, sounds good. Thanks for asking.” Breaking contact was hard, but necessary. I was going to have to smother these ever-growing feelings if I was going to leave here with my heart intact.
He glanced down at where our hands had been joined. “It’s important we communicate honestly in this process because things could go wrong for Jimmy.”
“In that the warlock would become aware of a change in their link?”
“Exactly.”
He turned his back, his arms loose by his side and magic rippled across his skin. The massive crest tattoo was as jaw-dropping a sight as the first time I’d seen it at Inkspot. Upon closer inspection, I noticed some areas were faded, while others had a little more spacing between them. It didn’t create a distortion in the design, but it did leave me with a hefty dose of curiosity.
“Shouldn’t Jimmy be here for this?”
“It’s best if she isn’t,” he spoke over his shoulder. “Her deep fear of anything related to the warlock could interfere with the vibrations.” He took a long deep breath, exhaling slowly. “Do you see the area you inked on me?”
The shading forming the pupil seemed blacker, richer than when it was first etched into his skin. “Yes.”
“I want you to look at the outline of the eye. It represents Jimmy’s link. I want you tell me what you see and feel as it occurs.”
Focusing on the eye in the centre of his back, I peered closer then froze as his muscles moved and shifted like a gentle wavelet across a still lake. The black lines of the eye suddenly appeared to come to life. The crest glowed an indescribable shade of gold. At best, I would say it was metallic butterscotch. The pupil slipped slightly in my direction just before the upper lid closed, forming one thick line and, ultimately, hiding the eye that had been there a second before. His skin rolled once more before the closed eyelid took on a 3D effect, but there was no apparent shading that would’ve created this visual deception.
“You need to tell me what you see, Jess,” Zeke prompted. “That’s the only way to connect to the vibration.”
It sounded ridiculous even as the idea formed in my mind, but honesty was required, so I cleared my throat, deciding to accept whatever disbelief he’d voice. “The tattoo appears to be a living entity as it moves, changing colour and form.”
“Very good. Continue.”
“Uhmm…the eye has closed and is hovering above the skin in a trompe l’oeil illusion.”
“Excellent. Now cup it in the palm of your hand and close your own eyes. Don’t open them until I tell you. Okay?”
A deep shiver ran through me. “So, there’s no optical illusion.” I nodded to myself, but didn’t tell him this was way above what I’d consider freaky.
“Don’t doubt what you see, just go with the flow.”
My hand trembled, but I’d convinced myself it was down to too much caffeine and not nervousness. Reaching behind the eyeball, I teetered unsteadily for a second as a moist blob sat in my palm. My eyes shot open and to my utter disbelief, the globe-like form sat in my palm.
“You good, Jess?” He glanced over his shoulder. The surprise he felt at my stunned and probably, puce green expression was fleeting, but I registered it all the same.
“Mmmhhmm.” It was too risky to speak. I might empty the contents of Jimmy’s food on the floor.
“Now, just cup your hand lightly, as if holding a butterfly and close your eyes again.”
I did as instructed, standing there waiting for him to guide me. I felt his body turn to face me, his breath fanning my forehead. His large hands covered mine before he lifted them to his mouth and spoke guttural words I did not recognize.
“It is done,” he announced, opening my palms just as I opened my eyes.
The eye was gone, but I still felt as if it was sitting in my hand, only it wasn’t visible. “Why do I feel it’s there?”
“Its shadow is on your skin and you will continue to sense it until the spell I cast is undone.” I examined my hand closely for the shadow, but saw nothing. It was most strange. “For the second part,” he explained, “I will teach you how to sense Jimmy’s energy as well as that of the warlock.”
“Is it something I’ll learn on the spot or in increments?”
“You’ll catch on quickly. Fatigue could be a factor, but we’ll see soon enough.”
“Fatigue’s not an issue.”
The corner of his lip tugged into a smile. “That’s the spirit.” He led me to the breakfast stools. “Jimmy is in a more fragile state emotionally, so her energy is a little different than usual – heavier, would best describe it. As for the warlock, well his is just like a concentrated toxic slime.”
“Sounds great,” I dead panned.
“Jimmy’s energy first,” he said slipping his hand over my folded palm. “Close your eyes.”
Once again his lips pressed against my hand uttering strange, melodic words until I sensed the emergence of three threads. One was a thick, molten, fiery ball of lava coated in a shell of light, the other was dark chocolate with a smooth berry sweetness, like delicious jam that had become just a little too thick. The third thread was a ghostly sliver, parasitic in nature, but extremely destructive and filled with essence of a decomposing soul. Just sensing the horrific energy had me pulling away.
“What is it?” Zeke asked. He held my shoulders, evaluating my well-being with a sweeping regard. “What did you feel?” When I explained about the three energy threads and how they felt, he shook his head in genuine surprise. “You have defined not only Jimmy and the warlock’s energy to a tee, but also mine.”
“You weren’t expecting that?”
“I deliberately hid mine so you could focus on the other two. But you found it even without me revealing it.”
“Is that a bad thing?”
“No, but it confirms my theory that you are no alchemist. A witch wouldn’t be capable of detecting my energy like that.”
“So, who would? Or what would, I should say?”
“Like I said before, it’s nothing I’ve ever encountered.”
Yikes! That statement defied belief, especially given that he was over five hundred years old. For him not to recognize my true nature was as scary as a world without ink. Denial felt like the best route to take. “I think you’re wrong and I’ll prove it.”
“Easy there, Jess,” he laughed briefly, “One challenge at a time. Let’s try and get Jimmy liberated first.”
“Fine, but if I was a betting woman, you’d be losing money.”
“Really?” He pressed his lips together to contain a smile. “You sure about that?”
“Positive.”
His head dipped and that devilish glint sparkled in his eye. “Let’s make a bet then, but not for money.”
“Not for money,” I repeated before gulping audibly.
“If you win, I will erase your debt entirely. If you lose, you’ll agree to spend a weekend with me. Alone.”
Having my debt erased would allow me to leave The Yards and start anew somewhere else. That in itself was a huge carrot to dangle in front of me. But spending an entire weekend with his claim-hungry beast would be exhausting, and not in a good way, plus I’d still be indebted to him. Despite the risks, if I were to evaluate what my chances were of losing, I’d say they were very low because in all the years Parsons had been identifying witches, wizards and shifters, he’d never been wrong. Not once.
I took his proffered hand. “Let’s just clarify something first. When you say I’m not an alchemist witch, what do you mean, exactly?”
“Like officially? For the record?”
“Forty-eight hours with your beast would be torturous,” I teased. “I need things to be clear.”
“Very well then,” he tilted his head and gave me a heated look. “You may create ink from primary sources and feed it with the five elements of air, fire, water, earth and spirit to transform it and give it life through magical manipulation, but your ‘abilities’ far exceed what alchemical prowess alone can accomplish. It is for that reason that I believe you are something else - with an alchemist base. Clear enough?”
He certainly seemed to have know-how on the alchemical process, but it was the equivalent of a first aid responder saying to a doctor he had anatomical knowledge. Zeke knew nothing of cryptic alchemical symbols, the multiple layers of coding and allegories in our works that were impossible to decode. But, I could see why he believed I was ‘more’. Ink was my chosen substance and my alchemical talent simply went beyond his understanding of the practise. I had unmoveable faith in Parsons’ declaration.
Full of confidence, I shook his hand and smiled. “You’ve got yourself a deal.”
Thrilled was the only word to describe his expression. “Jess, I promise you a weekend you’ll never forget for the rest of your natural life.”
“Confident much?” I teased again. “So, back to the task at hand. Now that I recognize the different energy links, what do I do next?”
“When you attempted to break our link, I felt the vibrational energy fray. It was subtle enough, at first, to pass unnoticed, but then there was a blast and I was sure our ties had been severed. It took a few minutes to feel the link was still intact, but had sustained significant damage. What you’d need to replicate is an instantaneous cut, so the warlock will be severed from Jimmy before he can detect any interference.”
I wasn’t sure it could be accomplished, but didn’t voice that fear, instead I asked, “So what are the bodily fluid samples for? If the energy links are already identified, I don’t see the point of using them.”
 “They’re the testers. We need to simulate the severing of their connection before the actual event.”
“That would mean isolating the energy contained in the samples.” That would also mean manipulating the fluids.
“Look I know it’s not - ”
“It’s okay. It’s for Jimmy.” The odours wouldn’t be pleasant, but that was nothing compared to the mental images the viscous matter would emit. Still, Jimmy was a survivor. She didn’t want pity. She was fighting to be free. So, no matter what recollections I’d see, I’d just have to put on my big girl panties and deal with it.
Zeke frowned. “What you’ll witness and feel won’t be easy to process. You need to tell me if it’s affecting you too much.”
“And if it is? What then? Leave Jimmy to deal with an eternity of abuse? No. This is happening.”
He put his face close to mine as his hand brushed sensually along my hair then trailed down my neck before laying flat against my collar bone. His thumb caressed the bite mark on my skin in a motion that was decidedly possessive. The hunger in his eyes was almost my undoing. “You’re so brave and strong and impossible to stay away from, Jess Darrows.”
Where I got the will to resist him, I don’t know, but I took his hand and slowly let it go. “You won’t find it impossible when I open one of those bottles,” I chuckled nervously. That was probably the wrong thing to say. “Now, I work alone, so if you don’t mind,” I motioned to the door.
“I’ll have one of the guys bring you food.” He planted a kiss on my hair. I think his nose may have lingered there for a moment too long. “See you later.”
Alone with my thoughts, I quickly realized freaking-the-fuck-out aptly described my emotional state. I’d never isolated energy before, not when a life was on the line. Adding blood or other organic components to ink was simple because the alchemical process of combining energies to transmute the elements into a magical blend came naturally. Undoing that magical blend was a whole other kettle of fish. Jimmy’s life and, possibly, soul was in jeopardy. I couldn’t allow myself to fold under pressure.
So, how would I insulate their individual energies and disconnect them from their source without detection? Seated at the work station, I took out my alchemist journal and inked a rune on the cover. It afforded me access to old extraction process notes I’d conducted several years earlier. Had my journal not been spelled to appear normal, I’d be carrying around a few filing cabinets worth of recipes. As I perused the symbols and detailed descriptions, an idea formed of what I’d need to create and test –most likely several times -before applying the end product.
I set to work and shut out the world.
Time was lost to the many trials I carried out. In my journal, I pressed a line through the nineteenth failed recipe and started a twentieth with the title - Isolating and purifying; extracting fluids into a water insoluble organic solvent –
“Suppertime, Jess.” Shay announced, loudly, as he placed take-away cartons in front of me like building blocks. Tearing my eyes from the notes, I squinted at his imposing form. “Hey,” he frowned, “your lunch is still untouched?” He quickly looked around “and you haven’t so much as moved since I last came in. Enough with the alchemy. It’s break time!”
A rumbling similar to a mild earthquake forming in the earth’s bowels stirred within me. There was a reason, or reasons, I hadn’t touched lunch and I was pretty sure I wouldn’t have supper either. Alchemy consumed me and I hated to be disturbed while working. Time stood still and all needs disappeared until the process was completed - even meals and bio-breaks. In addition to this task absorbing all my mental energy, the fours vials of bodily fluids conjured horrific scenes and smelt like centuries old decay. It was so bad I’d vomited several times before I managed to cork the bottles. Food was the furthest thing from my mind.
 “C’mon,” Shay encouraged while handing me a set of chopsticks, “dig in before it gets cold.”
Realizing, I’d never told them there should be a sign on the door ‘Danger, Jess at work,’ I reigned in the impatient retort on my lips and said, “thanks. I’ll eat later.”
“Nuh-uh.” He insisted, digging his heels in. “Zeke said to make sure you ate and were comfortable and that’s what I’m going to do.”
“Thanks Shay,” I clipped, “but you need to get out right now before my inner witch smacks you with an ink rune that’ll have you scratching your man parts for the next month. No offense, but that’s just the way I work.”
“Gotcha.” He nodded fearfully and backed away while cupping his crotch. Once he was gone, I immediately focused on my task.
Many hours later and feeling ready to drop, I stepped away from my work and declared in a whisper that I was ready. Looking at the closed blinds, I noticed the setting sun casting deep hues of red and orange through the slates. Confused, I checked the time and saw I’d worked almost twenty four hours straight. Taking the last of my ingredients, I quickly set-up the final phase of the spell. Satisfied that everything was in good order, I opened the door to find Zeke, Shay, Jonah and a very nervous Jimmy seated in lounge chairs they’d installed in the corridor.
“It’s ready,” I declared softly. My energy was at the bottom of the barrel, I was covered in all sorts of crap and I wasn’t even at the finish line. “But, there’s a ritual we need to do, immediately.”
 Everyone filed past except Zeke. He paused and lowered his head, “you look ready to collapse. I don’t like it.”
“I’m fine. It’s almost done.”
Three circles were chalked onto the floor, inside of which were various symbols that were part of the recipe. Their silence seemed ominous until I saw their astonished gazes taking in the room.
“Why are there mathematical equations sketched on all the walls?” Shay asked as he spun a slow circle around the entire room. “And why is the chalk blue?”
“The energy is off the charts in here,” Zeke noted.
“There are many components to the spell,” I explained. “It’s the only way to contain the energy. And I used powdered ink, that’s why it’s blue.”
“Why do I feel him in here?” Jimmy inquired fearfully as her body began to quiver.
“I’m sorry, Jimmy. It’s unavoidable. His energy is what’s binding you, so it’s the same element that will, I hope, set you free. I used two vials to incorporate his essence into the spell on the wall. That’s what you’re feeling….amongst other things.”
“What do I have to do?” She asked with a tremor in her voice.
“I’ll need you to step barefoot into the circle on the right. Ignore the candles and tools for now. Just stay within the confines of the outline.” When she’d slipped off her sandals and was positioned correctly, I directed Zeke to the circle on the left. “Same thing for you.” He removed his shoes and socks and entered the circle. “Great. That’s perfect.” To Shay and Jonah, I asked, “Are you guys armed?”
“Always,” Jonah confirmed by lifting his sweatshirt and revealing a plethora of weapons.
“Good. I’ll need one of you to stand at the front door and the other at the patio door. You don’t need to go outside, just make sure nothing comes through. If it does, kill it.”
“What could come through?” Jonah asked, eyeing the doors as if someone was lurking about, ready to pounce.
“Hopefully nothing, but I’m not taking any chances.”
“I’ll make sure everyone is safe, Jess.” Zeke added.
“Once the spell begins, you’ll be confined to the circle until it’s completed. Both of you will.”
“And you?” Zeke asked. “How will this affect you?”
If he knew the answer to that, he might not allow the ritual to take place. For Jimmy’s sake and all she’d suffered, I’d have to fudge the details. “I’ll be in my circle, but mobile, so I can stop the casting if need be.” Grabbing the container of black salt, I began covering the outline of their respective circles. “You may want to sit down for this. It will take a while.”
“Why aren’t you salting your circle?” Zeke tilted his head, his tone suspicious after I entered my designated spot.
“It’s an energy thing.” The next few minutes were spent spiritually communing over a bowl of liquefied ink, using the ancient language taught to me by the Grand Honourable Hag at the academy. I dipped a thumb and forefinger into the black fluid and trailed it across each cheek. As it sank below my skin, heat surged within me and perspiration covered me. In my mind, Spirit began to beat its drum, an echo of its pulsating heart. The heavy percussion resonated within me, promising me guidance in this difficult journey. As the last drum beat sounded, I swallowed the contents of the bowl in one gulp and aired my tongue at length then stomped each foot three times. I hissed, feeling the solution burning in my gut, sharpening my senses, showing me the path.
“I don’t like this,” Zeke grumbled.
Jonah winced. “Her teeth and tongue are all black.”
“Hush,” I commanded boldly. “I require you all to be still. Focus on your place in this ritual, nothing else.”
“Yep. We’re definitely getting her in with us when we see the gnomes,” Shay muttered.
Very few knew of the spiritual aspect to imbibing Dewa - an ink-based beverage all alchemical witches used when casting and invoking spirit for guidance and nourishment. Its properties gave the user powers of enhanced sight, sound and smell for the duration of the rite.
Using pronounced breath work to augment communication with Spirit, I opened two of the vials of the foul smelling bodily fluids and placed them next to my feet. “Jimmy, take the black candle in your hand and, when I give you the signal, light it. Zeke, do the same with the white candle.”
Licking my palm, I dipped it into the ink-saffron powder mix then drew a symbol on the floor within my circle. Spreading my arms outright, I said, “light your candles.”
Jimmy’s hand trembled considerably while she brought the flame to the wick. Bending down, I shaped the powdered ink around my feet into an arrow then stood up straight, raised both arms once again before turning to the wall facing north.
I pulled on the energy of the symbols and spoke clearly, firmly. “Compassionate energy of Jimmy the Jinn, I call out the North wind to shelter her.” A howling whirlwind slammed into Jimmy immobilizing her and masking her form in a silky cocoon. I wanted her to be incubated during this process, for her not to feel any of the memories tied into the fluids from the vials.
Turning to the East wall, I pulled on the energy of the symbols. “Benevolent energy binding Jimmy the Jinn with Zeke Bai, I call out the East wind to shield him.” Another whirlwind flew into Zeke’s circle, immobilizing him completely and judging from his expression, he was none too happy about it. Facing the South wall, I swallowed hard, finding it difficult to remain strong as the extremely potent magic drained my almost-empty reserves. Raising my hands, I once more pulled the energy from the symbols, “Binding energy, fill my space to receive.”
Turning West, I bent down and took a vial in each hand. The power of the spell was almost too much to control and I shook visibly, but kept it together for the last step. My body felt like it was being repeatedly rammed against an invisible wall. Throwing my arms out I spoke loudly, “Banishing energy, I call on you to destroy all traces of the poisonous bind between this Jinn and the warlock.” Another whack and I was slammed against the energy mass. Steadying myself, I looked upwards at the ceiling. “Spirit, I call on you and the power of the four directions to bring me the life force of the warlock!”
Several things happened at once. Two vampires crashed into the apartment from both the front and patio doors and a fight immediately ensued between them, Shay and Jonah. I was aware of vicious growls, bodies clashing and tables being over turned. The distraction cost me. The circle I was occupying filled with the monstrous form of the warlock. Zeke’s eyes were popping out of his head as the sorcerer grabbed my arm with one hand while the other rose high to stab me with the huge dagger he wielded.
Using the remnant powder on my palm, I cast a blocking spell which countered his action by swirling the ink up around him and ate through him like acid. The decomposing body wasn’t the warlock, but a sweet innocent fairy he had glamoured to take on his appearance. It was too late to do anything. The fairy was dead and the spell had come to its natural end.
No longer confined to his circle, Zeke rushed to Shay who was struggling to keep from becoming vamp chow. Jonah had disappeared onto the balcony. It was pointless trying to see how he was faring, as I was barely standing as it was. Jimmy took longer to come out of her enforced confinement, but when she did, her face contorted with agony as she screamed in horror. A faint image of the warlock appeared, his hands wrapped tightly around her neck right before they disappeared out of sight.
“Jimmy!!!” I screamed, dashing to her circle. A vamp burst through the front door with Zeke and Shay hot on its tail. The blood sucker leaped toward me, but Zeke impaled him with a kitchen knife just as Shay leaped in front of me. The vamp burst like a gore-filled balloon all over Shay.
“You okay?” Zeke asked breathlessly.
“Yes, yes! Go help Jonah!” Both men dashed onto the patio where shouts ensued. The place looked like it’d been hit by a tornado
Crouching down in Jimmy’s circle, I felt for traces of the sorcerer’s energy, desperate to understand what had happened. How could he have taken her from within the protected circle? How could he have put a completely different being in his place undetected? Had that poor fairy been tortured like Jimmy? Could I have done anything to save it? And what was happening with Jimmy now? Would she be okay? Was that bastard going to bind her soul to him? Why did my spell not work? Nothing made sense. I felt like I’d botched it all. Everything had gone so wrong. Jimmy’s screams echoed through my mind bringing me to my knees.
I’d failed her.
The memories in those vials were horrific, dark and violent. I hadn’t kept her safe from her tormentor and now she’d been forced back under his control. The warlock had skills that were light years ahead of mine and had easily fooled this inexperienced caster into believing his bind with Jimmy could be broken.
This was sooooo bad!
I needed to get her back. I needed to find a way to pull her away from him and I needed to identify the fairy and return her remains to the Fey Queen. On all fours, I collected the fairy’s ashes and placed them in a jar then I began erasing the circle with my hands. Blood dripped from a cut on my wrist, but I wiped it on my clothes and continued to brush the floor with my hand. I needed to draw a new spell, a stronger one.
“It won’t work.” Zeke’s hand came into view and I looked up in confusion. Jonah trailed behind looking as equally gory as Shay. “Your power’s too low.”
“I have to get her back. I can’t leave her with that monster. He wants to have her soul!”
“He won’t get it.”
“He will. The spell didn’t work.”
“You damaged him. I feel it” he paused looking around at the room, “significantly.”
“Really?” I asked, hopeful.
“I swear it.” His thumb brushed across my hand. “Let’s go. You need to rest. And eat.”
Chapter 10
A sigh of relief escaped me when I drove past The Yards boundary after giving a little wave to the guard in the booth. A crimson sun was breaking over the horizon, promising another sunny day. After Zeke had helped me back to his place, I’d showered, scrubbed off the ink residue, quickly bandaged the cut on my wrist, downed a ham sandwich then fallen into bed. I’d passed out and slept solidly for about five hours, but the second I woke up, Jimmy’s well-being invaded my thoughts and I couldn’t just lay there hoping she’d be okay. Returning the fairy’s ashes and concocting the shadow walker recipe was temporarily put on the back burner. The herbs I’d collected from Willa’s place had been destroyed in the fight with the vampires, as was Parsons’ recipe.
Sneaking out of the apartment was no easy feat. It required a level of stealth that had me dressing in the stairwell landing. Zeke had been sleeping soundly in his room and would, surely, have tried to stop me if he’d known what I’d planned.
Over an hour later, I pulled into the empty parking lot of the aging industrial building where I rented some space. The place was on the periphery of a neighbourhood plagued with a slew of social problems. Strip joints, greasy spoon diners and a gas station were surviving, but just about. It was typical of a one-industry town that suffered a slow, painful death after their main source of revenue went belly-up. But the urban decay offered cheap rents and I’d called this borough home up until a few days ago. I drained the coffee I’d bought while gassing up and crunched the breakfast sandwich wrapper before grabbing my stuff, exiting the truck and locking it.
After keying in the code to the main entrance, I entered the spartan lobby whose concrete tiles had more cracks in them than the parched desert sand.
“Mornin’ Miss Darrows.” Andy, the heavy-set, sixty-something care-taker smiled from behind a worn desk. He diligently opened the security log for me to sign in. “Haven’t seen you in a while.”
“Hey Andy,” I smiled. The man seemed to work ‘round the clock because no matter what time I showed up at, he was always there. I suspected he may even live in the building and covered the entire eighteen hours the business was open - seven days a week. I handed him fresh coffee and three breakfast sandwiches “Thought you might be hungry.”
He chuckled softly, his eyes hungrily taking in the extra-large breakfast. “Oh now, you just spoil me, child.”
“You’re not spoiled enough in my book,” I teased gently and handed back the pen after registering my name and start time. “I’ll be seeing ya.”
Eight hours later, I was covered in ink dust, starving and my wrist throbbed painfully, but I was happy with the batch I’d made. It was small as quantities go, but packed a punch. What I had in mind when I began crafting was the connection I felt with the ink I’d used in the spell. Now, Jimmy had been covered in powdered ink when she disappeared, which meant that if I could get close enough, I might have a chance of locating her. And even though I wished with all my heart for the ink to become a GPS tracker, I couldn’t force the outcome of what I created. So, I just had to hope it would align with my desperate need to help my friend. I ended up creating, Visible. I still had a few final tests to conduct to ensure it would work, but first, I needed a quick bite to eat or I’d fall over.
Removing my overalls, I threw them across the stool, rinsed off the excess dust from my face and hands then wrapped the ink bottle up carefully and put it in my backpack. I didn’t want to leave something so precious out of my sight. I locked the door then descended into the lobby area. I noticed Andy leaning back in his chair hands resting over his rotund belly, eyes closed and mouth agape. I smiled to myself as I tip-toed out to grab us some lunch at Mama’s down the road.
Armed with enough food for a family, I returned to find Andy hadn’t budged. His pallor was off. Something wasn’t right. “Andy?” I called setting the bags down and rounding the desk. “You okay?” I spotted the dribble of ink on his shirt collar just as the odour of faeces and urine assailed my nose. “No, no, no, no.” Quickly checking his neck, I found no pulse. His skin was cold. He’d probably been dead when I was leaving and I thought he’d been sleeping. Maybe if I’d checked on him I could’ve saved him.
“Fuckingdammit!!!!!!!!” I screamed and kicked the desk several times before reaching for the phone in my pocket. Swiping the screen, I selected the phone icon and began scrolling through the numbers. A sharp sting hit my neck. I slapped it hard thinking it was a mosquito and ground out a curse. My world suddenly tilted off kilter. The floor rose to meet me as my eyelids fell shut.
“Better come take a look, Sir. Urgently.”
The snap and crackle of a radio pierced through the blur in my brain, while the blinding glare of a flashlight remained steady on my face. A familiar and sickening odour surrounded me, making me want to gag. Raising my hand against the aggressive light, I took in my immediate surroundings. I was seated behind the wheel of my truck. The motor was running, the gas tank indicator was on ‘E’. How could I be almost empty? Hadn’t I filled it up this morning before….before what? I couldn’t remember. Where did I drive to? Looking outside I recognized the guard’s station at the entrance to The Yards.
“Step out Miss Darrows.” The flashlight wielder kept the light trained on me like a weapon. “Hands where I can see them.”
I didn’t understand his tone. Why was he speaking to me like I was armed and dangerous? Glancing downwards, I noticed my hands were covered in red dye. Turning them over, I wondered, momentarily, what ink caused this until the coppery scent hit my nostrils and I recognized it as blood. Instinctively I looked beside me, but saw nothing only my backpack. In the backseats, I made out the form of two men who were leaning shoulder to shoulder, completely stock still.
“Hello?” I asked nervously as I hit the light switch on the roof and jolted with shock. “Andy?” The kind elderly gent sat with his hands folded over his stomach, his eyes closed, his body in full rigor. Beside him was someone vaguely familiar, but I couldn’t say how I really knew him. And I couldn’t ask because he was dead too.
“Jess?” Zeke’s voice couldn’t hide the shock at the sight of two lifeless people in the car and me smathered in blood. “What is this?”
Turning to face him, I recoiled at the anger marring his beautiful features. Just like in a tennis match, my attention oscillated between the corpses and his accusing scowl. No words were needed to understand he suspected I’d killed these men. He thought the blood on my hands was theirs. And maybe he was right. I couldn’t remember. But I knew in my heart I wasn’t a killer. I mean I couldn’t be, right?
“I - I don’t know what’s going on.” My bloodied hands fell on my lap. “I remember…..” Scenes flashed across my mind, scenes where a disembodied voice shouted at me to drive and I was protesting. In another scene, I was feeling painful lumps on my head. My hand reached up and quickly located an egg sized bump behind my ear. I couldn’t tell if what I was remembering was real or imagined.
Several onlookers gathered around the taped perimeter the guards were setting up. Their faces were a mix of shock, anger and apprehension.
“When you gonna throw her out, Zeke?” One man hollered. “How many more people gotta die before she’s gone?”
Their nods of agreement bolstered their courage to voice more concerns. “We’re not feeling so safe here no more. You sure you can protect us?”
Zeke closed his eyes momentarily then turned to the bystanders and spoke calmly, but sternly. “Yes, you are safe here. There will be a meeting tomorrow morning in the theatre at nine a.m. We’ll discuss matters then. For now, go home. This area’s restricted.”
Katy showed up at that moment and Zeke asked her to escort them back to the town centre and to set up the theatre for the meeting tomorrow. “Of course,” she said then glanced at me and mouthed “you okay?” I nodded yes, because there was nothing she could do about the situation.
The crowd shuffled away grumbling amongst themselves. Katy held the shoulders of one frail lady who seemed upset and her soothing words seemed to appease the poor woman.
 “Get out.” The underlying anger in his tone told me he believed me responsible. Despite everything that had happened between us, I realized the trust I thought we shared was an illusion of my own making. He no more trusted me than he did Cato. And who could blame him. I’d succeeded in making his own flock doubt his ability to keep them safe.
“Jess? Out.” He was growing tired of waiting for my sluggish brain to get into gear.
My legs trembled as I slid out of the seat. In fact, I’d say I had a whole body-tremor thing going on and didn’t know why. He took in the state of me and hissed under his breath. “Can you make it to my car?”
The vehicle was parked only a few feet away, but it seemed like miles. “No problem.” There weren’t any shackles on my ankles, but I walked as if my shoelaces were tied to my other shoe. Looking down, I noticed, my feet were raw, bloodied and swollen badly. I was also wearing flip-flops that did not belong to me. What the hell had I been doing?
Seeing the difficulty I was having, he lifted me gently then seated me in the soft leather bucket seat of some muscle car. He shut my door hard, making me flinch then got in the driver’s side, pressed a button to fire up the engine and gripped the steering wheel tightly. He didn’t look at me, but I could feel his questioning gaze boring through me. I looked out the passenger window to avoid blurting out explanations he wouldn’t believe. Fleeing wasn’t an option because I could barely walk, but sitting here beside him with dark anger emanating from him, I wasn’t sure I was safe anymore.
He drove, not to his building as I expected, but to an isolated area I hadn’t seen yet. I rated my chances of surviving the night ‘slim to none.’ He killed the engine and said “get out.”
By the time I’d opened the door and pivoted around to hoist myself out of the seat, he’d lost patience and gently tugged me out. I stood by the side of a dark field. The cloudy night sky hid the moonlight, so I could just make out his form as he shoved fisted hands deep in his pockets then gave me his back. I decided silence was the best path to take for now.
 When he turned back around, he stalked toward me until we were inches apart. A shiver ripped through me when I saw the coldness in his eyes. “Where were you today?”
Where was I? I couldn’t say. I remembered getting up and sneaking out. I remembered driving past the boundary of The Yards and then…..nothing. The only thing I think I could’ve done was made ink. I recognized the satiated feeling inside when I’d spent the day making ink. I’d probably been to my rented space. The fact that Andy, the care-taker, was sitting in the back of my seat would attest to that. How he died, and who the other person was, escaped me.
“Jess?”
“I guess I made ink. But if you’re asking why there are two dead men in my car, I can’t answer you.”
“Do you know them?” He turned away again, brusquely this time. Oh yeah, he was spitting mad.
“One of them.” Turning around, he motioned his hand for me to continue talking and I explained about my rented work space and Andy being an employee there.
“Did you kill them?”
My instinct was to rail and ask him if he was crazy, but the evidence stacked against me was damning. “No. Andy was a good man. I’d never hurt him or anyone. Look, I don’t recall what I did today, but I didn’t kill anyone. I know it.”
He kept his eyes trained on me for a very long moment then held the door open. “Get in.”
I didn’t move. I didn’t want to be in proximity to him and his cold glare. Still, I was in the middle of nowhere with limited mobility. If anything, I’d have to go with him to heal my feet, and sort out what happened to Andy and the other man.
“Jess,” he sighed.
I got in.
When he parked in the underground garage in one of his many spots, he shut off the car and got out. I’d swung my legs around and tugged on the safety belt to lift myself up when he stood in front of me. His eyes trailed to my feet. He’d many questions sitting on the tip of his tongue, that much was obvious, but I wasn’t going to invite conversation and silently shuffled past him toward the elevator. I heard him close the car door and activate the alarm. My feet stung as if the skin had been peeled off the bottoms, but I hobbled along biting my lip hard so I wouldn’t scream.
He got to the elevator way ahead of me and pressed the call button. I couldn’t hurry my pace. It was taking everything I had not to crawl just to ease the pain. When the elevator dinged its arrival and the doors opened, he marched over to me, reached down and scooped me up.
“I can walk,” I stated with a wobbly voice while folding my arms. He cradled me closer. The smell of his cologne mixed with his scent did something to soothe my frazzled nerves. Not that I’d ever tell him that.
“You’re too slow,” he said softly just before we leaned over to the control panel as he selected the top floor. The move brought my nose to his neck and I closed my eyes to enjoy the brief moment of pleasure before the proverbial shit hit the fan.
We entered his apartment and he walked through to my bathroom where he settled me on the vanity. My hand tightened on the edge of the counter as he stepped back and gave me a hard look. “Why are you injured?”
I’d have answered if I had something to tell him. As things stood, the day was a total blank. He didn’t seem to understand that I truly could not remember a thing past leaving The Yards. “The last thing I remember was driving out of here this morning.”
He leaned against the edge of the shower stall, arms folded. “Why did you sneak out?”
As we faced each other, it was clear our partnership, or whatever you want to call it, had changed. If there had been trust building between us, it had shattered tonight like an egg under a hammer. I accepted that because with two bodies hanging out in the back seat of my truck, it was hard to believe I was anything other than a liar and a murderer.
A barrage of tears fell down my cheeks. I hurt from losing Andy and the other man, even if he was a stranger. I hurt from being drugged or knocked unconscious, from being injured, but most especially from Zeke’s disappointment in me. “Say what you’re really thinking, Zeke. No need to sugar coat it.” He seemed even more annoyed by the frankness, but if it got him out of here quicker, I’d deal with the ire.
“Answer the question,” he snapped. “Why did you sneak out?”
“Because ….” And just then I remembered wanting to make ink. “I wanted to help Jimmy, but I knew you’d try and stop me and I didn’t want to delay. I wanted to find her as fast as possible.”
His lips flattened as he pushed off from the shower door and stepped closer. “Jess, five people are dead and you are tied to every single one of them. Tell me how you could possibly consider leaving here without letting me know!”
“So you’re making it official?”
“What?” He asked warily.
“That I’m responsible for all those deaths. I guess you can throw in the attack on you too.”
His eyebrows rose. “You’ve two fresh bodies in your truck; you’re bloodied up, you’ve some sort of amnesia and you look like shit. Even your own mother would question what happened!”
“Look it’s as simple as this, I needed to make ink. It’s a compulsion, usually, but this time it wasn’t. This time I wanted to make something for Jimmy because I failed her. I can’t say with any certainty that that’s what I did today, but it’s what I remember having as my goal when I left here and my need to make ink was satiated. Have someone check the building where I rent my space. Or look in the back pack I had with me. I’m sure if I made something it’ll be there.”
He nodded then took out his phone and began texting. A series of bells and whistles with more messages followed before he looked at me. “Shay says there’s one bottle of ink with no label on it in your bag. But they found an unused sticker with Visible written on it and today’s date.”
Fuzzy scenes flashed across my mind. I was smiling at the lady serving food at Mama’s. She was piling Styrofoam containers in a bag. I saw Andy napping at his desk and then nothing. Distractedly, I placed my hand along my neck and felt a tiny lump. It was probably dirt so I let my hair cover it until I could shower. The cut on my wrist from yesterday must have gotten some dirt in it because it throbbed with heat as if infected. I’d have to put some of Ivy’s salve on all the wounds once I’d disinfected them.
He pulled a cloth from a shelf above my head then ran warm water and added soap. He squeezed out the cloth, pulled out a low stool from under the counter and sat down. He slipped off the flip-flops and held one foot between his legs. “Tell me all about this place you go to,” he said softly.
“It’s okay. I’ll clean that up myself.” I tugged to get my foot back but he’d gripped my ankle and wasn’t letting go. He ever-so gently dabbed the cloth over what looked like a bad dose of road-rash and I did my very best not to hiss in pain as I told him everything about the industrial building, why I rented the space there and the care-taker, Andy.
When my feet were cleaned, I realized how cut up they really were. If I didn’t know any better, I’d say I was dragged along asphalt or something rough like that. “Thanks,” I muttered as he washed his hands and dried them off with the towel.
“In light of everything that’s happened tonight,” he sighed heavily, “there’s something we need to discuss.”
My stomach clenched with fear. This, whatever he would say, felt like it was going to be the final blow in my ability to cope. Bracing myself, I replied, “Okay, go ahead,” wincing inwardly at the tremor in my voice.
A series of successive chimes had him reaching for the phone in his back pocket. He checked the screen for a few moments. “Two human detectives from the sheriff’s department just entered The Yards. They’re here to question you. It’s their right given Andy and the other man are human.”
“Alright,” I said trying not to sound petrified.
“I’ll have them sent up as soon as they reach the lobby. Might as well get this over and done with.”
There was an advantage to looking and smelling like I’d had a good roll around in a dumpster and that was the people sharing my jail cell in the detention centre gave me a wide berth. Maybe it was the murder charges laid against me, or maybe it was because I was a witch. No matter the reason, I was glad to call the corner of the lock-up, my own. I’d have preferred not to be incarcerated at all, but the interview with the police wasn’t the formality I’d thought it would be.
After both detectives asked a few brief questions they informed me the other body was that of Max Thibodeau, Andy’s homeless friend that he was secretly sheltering at work. After reiterating that I’d never met him, my rights were read to me. Zeke protested verbally to begin with, but when the detective went to slap the cuffs on my wrists, he became almost demonic and wouldn’t let me be touched. It was his sister, Katy, who talked him down and convinced him to follow due process so he could get me out on bail. That was over thirty hours ago and there hadn’t been a peep since.
More hours passed as I tried to wrap my head around who could’ve killed such vulnerable people and why, and who the hell was trying to frame me? Sitting on the dank floor with my back to the wall, I dozed off a few times, but not for long though because I didn’t feel safe. Fights broke out and some of the girls were coming down off various chemically induced bingers, so there was a lot of noise and puking.
 A full three days passed when a female officer brusquely shouted my name through the cell door. “Darrows!! Up and out. You’re free to go.”
 “Did someone post my bail?” I asked as I filed past her.
She looked down her nose at me and sneered, “No fool’s gonna spend a dime on you. You’re free ‘cause there was no further evidence brought against you. We can’t hold you longer than seventy-two hours without that. More’s the pity.” She checked her clipboard and pulled off two pages. “You can’t leave the city and you’ll need to contact your release officer every two days. Number’s on here. Failure to comply will get you a minimum three month stay in here.”
“Lovely,” I deadpanned and went ahead through two other doors before I got to the processing station where I was signed out.
After scribbling my signature across a few forms, I saw Zeke’s name and number was listed as my emergency contact, but was crossed out with a line through it. A note beside it said ‘contact no longer available.’
A clear message, indeed.
Zeke obviously hated me and wanted me gone from his community, which was understandable. I was like some kind of angel of death. And it was ridiculous of me to think that he might have showed up at the jail. I guess when he said I was ‘his,’ it had its limits. Not even a claiming bite can survive the fallout of showing up with two bodies in your truck. That’s a wrecking ball to any kind of relationship. I really couldn’t fault his attitude.
The imposing steel gate closed behind me and I stepped out into the baking heat. The sun beat down on the black top, softening the rivulets of tar used to repair cracks in the asphalt. I guess the weather witches had turned summer on to ‘full blast.’ Scraping my morale up off the bottom of life’s barrel, I headed to the human side of town. At least I’d had the foresight to bring money with me this time, so I wasn’t totally without resources.
“Heavens above, child!!”
Parsons’ hand covered his mouth when he caught sight of me on the phone’s camera. It had been a rough day and I’d just checked into a motel on Bayside’s northern shore. I’d walked most of the way because a cab wouldn’t stop for me. I guess I didn’t look like I could pay. I found a human pharmacy and stocked up on items there to bandage my feet and grabbed a slew of snacks, protein bars and water. Right next to that was a thrift store, so I purchased a change of clothes to look less raggedy. The sun had reached a scorching forty four degrees Celsius, so I was soaking wet when I finally made it to the room. “I’m fine. I just need to clean-up and have a rest.”
He’d been calling throughout the day and I hadn’t wanted to respond until I could take the time to talk with him. While the A/C worked its magic and began cooling me down, he spoke of the latest student who was a magical conundrum – a kid whom he’d taken to training exclusively. I listened to his musings as my problems spun in my head like a tornado. It wasn’t like I didn’t have enough time on my trek here to suspect every person I’d ever met, but when I tried to find motive or logic behind my suspicions, I fell short.
“Now, enough of my ramblings, tell me everything that’s happened since I saw you last. And don’t leave anything out. From my view here, there is much pain in your heart.”
And that’s all it took for the waterworks to flow out. A constant stream of tears soaked my already-moisture ridden t-shirt. I described everything, even the tattoo and the kiss. I felt it was important for him to understand what I’d started to feel for Zeke and, if I was being totally honest with myself, I really needed to get it all off my chest. “So then I was released and came here to this motel.” I told him the name of the place I was staying at and what area it was in.
“Well, that’s quite a lot to carry on your shoulders and I’m grateful you shared your troubles, romantic or otherwise with an old man like me,” he soothed.
“I didn’t even get a chance to look into how Sam, Boa and Bossman’s deaths were being investigated and I doubt Zeke or anyone in the Magistrar’s office, or even the human police will want to share their findings with me now.”
“That stands to reason.”
“I mean, who is out there committing such heinous acts and why? What has this got to do with me?” I asked, baffled. “What’s their motive?”
He regarded upwards contemplatively while pressing his lips together. “Yes, find what feeds this behaviour.”
“But anything could be motivating them,” I replied dejectedly. “They could be psychotic, or criminally insane. Are those the same thing?” I sighed. “I need to do some research or find a miracle spell that will tell me what’s pushing them to do this. I think I’ll need to see Lyre. Can you arrange that?”
 “I can, but your research can wait until tomorrow, my Dear. For now, you must sleep. You cannot practise magic while so depleted.” I wanted to protest that I was fine, but it was pointless, I wasn’t. “I’ll confirm when it’s set-up.”
I watched as he put on his hat. “You’re going out? So late?”
“Training my magical conundrum. Hmmm” he paused pensively, “….maybe he’s a grey moon…..” He tipped his hat. “Well, goodnight, my Dear. Oh, and by the way, I’ll have some healing cream for your feet delivered to you by morning.”
“Goodnight Parsons. Thanks again,” I added before ending the call.
Without preamble, I cracked open some pens I’d purchased and used the ink to draw runes of protection and concealment around the place. They weren’t very strong, but they’d do until my magic was replenished. I made my way to the bathroom and almost squealed with delight at being able to have an actual shower. Once I was scrubbed clean, I pulled down the covers and fell onto the lumpy mattress. Sleep claimed me in seconds.
My phone vibrating pulled me from a fitful sleep. I’d spent most of the night awake and during the times I had managed to doze off, bad dreams assailed me. The sun had just risen over the horizon and my inner coffee alarm told me it was time to caffeinate. The display showed Zeke was calling. I cut the connection then checked my texts. Parsons confirmed Lyre would see me today. I powered down the device and prepped for the day ahead. True to his word, the custodian had a pot of pink cream delivered to my door and the instant I wiped it on the soles of my feet, I felt blissful relief and could walk without waddling heavily.
The Thaumaturgical Treasury housed a spectacular library in an ancient building covering an entire city block beside Bayside’s Magistrar’s offices. The bulk of the institutions finances went into improving the library’s content, as well as the infrastructure itself. Three floors housed rows and rows of solid oak shelves containing priceless treasures of magical knowledge. The third and second floors had open galleries with comfortable armchairs peppered about to encourage reading and relaxation. The ground floor contained an expansive study area adjacent to the reference section specializing in curses. Sometimes a curious, unapproved Otherworlder would attempt to enter that particular area and would immediately develop an affliction of some kind which promptly reminded them of their unauthorized feat.
The elfin-like librarian, Lyre, manned the desk. Her long flowing blond hair, stark blue eyes and graceful movements gave her an ethereal beauty that had many questioning why she lived and worked in such a place when she could be a runway model or big-screen actress. Most people believed she was basically a shut-in, but others thought she was ex-communicated from her kin. Nobody had the guts to ask because she was scary when riled. Parsons was a life-long friend of hers and, with her permission, revealed to me the reason why she managed the library.
“Good morning, Miss Darrows” she offered quietly. Her hands rested on the desk in anticipation of my request. “How may I help you today?”
Straight to the point and no chit-chat was her style. “Hello Lyre. Nice to see you again,” I smiled. “I’ll just need to use the reference section for the moment.” She nodded then returned to whatever she was cataloguing.
On the third floor, amongst the neat rows of thick tomes, all with their spines facing outward, dust particles danced on a wide sunbeam shining through the arched window. The atmosphere was hushed despite there being five people seated around a nearby table. Not even a whisper was exchanged. Finding what I needed was going to take some time, but I was confident that amongst the old, red leather volumes, the right spell awaited me.
 Almost five hours later, I approached the busy librarian. “Lyre, I need two books from section C.”
She threw me a quick glance before speaking lowly. “The energies have been turbulent lately.”
Okay, so what she really meant to say was, one of the demented literary works inside the section was off the rails again. “How bad?”
“It’s okay,” she noted coolly. “You won’t need a weapon.”
“You’re sure?”
“Of course.”
I’d prefer having ink on hand just in case things got weird in there.
“Jess, are you going in or not? I’m afraid I’m rather busy here.”
I didn’t really have a choice. I needed the spell that would help me to find whoever the hell was messing up my life. “I’m going in.”
She slid a large copper skeleton key embossed with the evil eye across the desk. I laid my hand over the handle, feeling the miniscule needle prick my finger and draw out a drop of blood before it absorbed into the metal. A second later it hummed to life uncomfortably. It was bad when even the key didn’t want to unlock the door.
“Best of luck,” she said with a little more warmth to her voice.
The Cursed Section appeared little more than a small enclosed chapel adjacent to the study area. But its demarcation, clearly defined by a border of druzy-like wood three feet from the structure, was no decorative touch. Pinkie rock mined from each of the ten sacred mountains of the Fairy Realm contained a world of woe. The terrifying tomes within would have been deemed too dangerous to be housed anywhere, but for Lyre’s presence.
Shortly after she showed up at the library ten years ago, cursed books from around the world were shipped here. For Lyre was not only a curse specialist, but she tamed the entire contents of the cursed section. She was fickle in her interactions and allowed the books energies to expand wildly until her intervention was needed. Then, like a lion tamer of old, she’d control the unruly tomes, even disappearing for a few days. A treasury employee was overheard saying she was once found stumbling out of there as if she’d been in the jungle for a few decades.
Passing over the boundary, the wind blew my hair off my neck and goose bumps covered my skin. An unseen presence dwelled within this area, like a sentinel. There was no doubt in my mind that if I didn’t have the blood-activated key in my hand, I’d have been thrown back over the barrier in a heartbeat. Approaching the arched door, the key shuddered as I put it in the aperture. With one sharp turn, the latch unfastened and I burst into the room then quickly shut the door behind me. I did my best not to be scared by the clinking of the lock.
The dimly-lit single room had floor to ceiling bookshelves along all four walls. Every book was enclosed behind glass cabinets that involved unscrewing the handles in order to access the interior. The centre of the floor was covered in what appeared to be a Persian rug, but on closer inspection, the patterns were symbols designed to prevent the energy from seeping out through cracks in the walls and floors - one of many security measures put in place. The last time I’d been here, everything had been relatively calm, the dust was at a minimum and breathing normally wasn’t a problem. As things stood, a lot had changed. The entire collection was out of place. Most books flew violently through the air, while others simply remained suspended. A cloud of dust cast about a smoggy mist which rendered the place terrifying.
“Ah, it’s a wench,” a smooth male voice sneered, his accent distinctly European.
Whipping my head in all directions, I sought out the person who spoke, but couldn’t see anybody. My heart beat so rapidly, I thought it was going to escape my chest. “Who’s there?”
A bored sigh met my ears. “You stupid strumpet. You’re deaf as well as blind?!”
“Hey! Knock it off with the insults and show your face, you bloody coward!”
“What’s the point, you’re too dense to see properly.”
“You’re too scared to come and face me.”
“Not at all, jezebel.”
“Really, fraidy-cat?”
“No, doxy.”
“Liar, chicken-shit.”
“Impertinent hussy.”
“Lily-livered wimp.”
“Tramp.”
“Poltroon.”
“Bimbo.”
“Milk-sop.”
“trollop.”
“Enough!” I spat. “Get out here. Now.”
A sizeable, encyclopaedia came into view. Elaborate gold patterns were embossed on its hard cover and along the ridges of each page. It didn’t appear to be held by any hands, so I moved closer, squinting so as to get a better look.
“Oh for goodness sake, you bimbette,” he chided, right before the book bopped me on the head. “See me now?”
“You’re the voice? A book?”
“But of course.” He chuckled smarmily.
“You weigh a ton.” I grumbled, rubbing the spot where he’d hit me. “Try that again and I’ll introduce you to my friend the gas-lighter. See how you like that.”
“No need to go ballistic, Shrew. I merely presented myself because your deficient eyesight failed to perceive me, despite being right in front of you.”
“Who are you anyway?”
“I am Les Sorts Maudits, but you may call me, Leso.” The book twirled several times in the air before settling in front of me again. “Enchanté.”
“Are you responsible for all of this?” My outstretched hand spanned the room.
“I am merely playing with my friends because it is sooooo boring in this hovelle.”
“When did you get here?”
“I was unpacked when the tulips were in bloom and then I was imprisoned in that mite-infested cabinet. But, finally I am free and my perspective on this place is improving.”
“Lyre will not be happy with this disorder.”
“I don’t care for that fairy putain!” he spat. “I’m free and will stay that way!”
The place rumbled with his ire. Telling him he’d be going back into that cabinet pronto wasn’t wise. He obviously wielded an incredible amount of power if he was able to extract himself from such a secure place. “Well, I’m glad to hear you’re having fun, but I need to find the books listed here and I can’t do so until they’re returned to their exact spot according to their codes.”
“What is on your list?” Leso asked curiously and calmly. I figured there was a bit of bi-polarity going on inside his noggin. “Maybe my own title is on there?”
Checking the list, I shook my head. “No, sorry bud,” I pretended to commiserate. I’d have to find a way to trick him into returning inside the cabinet. “This is for Emeritus level research. You know? Priority One books only and all that. I’m sure you understand.”
“Pardon?” The affront was palpable. All the books stopped zooming about the place in reaction to his loud remark. “Are you saying I’m not a Priority One?”
“Look, all I know is I have an order to fill out here, so I need to get moving along. Maybe you should take this up with Lyre when she stops by to lock everything up.”
“Non! Non et non!! Je l’interdit!”
“Look, I haven’t a clue what you’re saying,” I said with a bored tone. “Now, can Curses, a History, Volume 1, please come forward?”
“Quelle enfoiré de merde!”Leso swore, or at least it sounded like that. “That is for babies. That is not Priority One! You lie!”
The room tilted and next thing I was lying flat on my back watching grey mist hover a foot from the ceiling which was just above my nose. I was suspended horizontally, just like the other books. Clearly I was out of my league here. This Leso spirit inhabiting the book needed a hefty dose of the Lyre effect. Just as I was about to speak, I flew off in all directions twirling like a tumbleweed in a tornado. Not used to the G Force I encountered, I started to lose consciousness.
“What do you have to say for yourself now, harlot.” He pulled me up at break-neck speed right in front of his cover.
 Heaving heavily, it took me a long moment to form words. “Well, gutless,” I took a deep calming breath. “I would say we need to negotiate.”
“I’m listening.”
“You give me the books I need and I’ll ask Lyre to let you out to play.”
“How do I know you’re not lying?”
“You don’t. So, I’m willing to take just two books now and come back shortly with Lyre for the remaining few and for her to agree to your conditions. How does that sound?”
“What two books?”
“Madness in the Making and Reapers: Reporting Beyond the Grave.”
The bastard had me zoom around the room while he contemplated the offer. I passed out three times. When I came to, I was upright in front of the door with my feet hovering a few inches from the floor. In my arm, I clasped both books.
“I accept, tart! Return with the other floozy, so I may establish my dominion here.”
With a trembling hand, I unlocked the door. Several things happened as soon as I pulled it open. I noticed a weight change in my arm just as I felt my body being projected far beyond the boundary. Leso’s scream pierced my ears as I fell in a crumpled heap on the library floor.
Chapter 11
Stumbling forward on shaky legs, but still clutching my hard-earned books, I noticed the entire boundary was alight. A neat row of fuchsia flames loudly blazed upward from the pink encrusted rock. Leso hovered in the open doorway, his cries muffled by the crackling flames.
Lyre came rushing down the stairs. The librarian ran straight to the boundary. “Vertunas Kyrren!!” She hailed with outstretched arms. The flames were quenched right at that very moment
“You had some trouble?” Lyre asked as she tapped the skeleton key against her palm.
“One of those books is not a book,” I panted then went on to explain everything that happened.
“I suspected that one in particular would give me trouble,” Lyre replied lifting the tomes off the floor. “Leso was an evil wizard who lived in Paris in the 1800’s. His soul was confined to the book of shadows he created while his body was burned publicly.”
“Will he try and escape again? He seems awfully powerful.”
Lyre smiled as if she’d welcome the challenge. “He’ll keep me busy, but I’ve had worse.” She checked the books I’d managed to procure and I offered up a silent thanks they weren’t damaged. “What’s this blank one?”
“A blank one?” I asked as we leaned in together. The book was dark blue, like the midnight sky and a delicate gold filigree lace pattern contoured the edges. “I thought I only took two.”
“Well it’s not coded.” Her hand hovered over the hard cover as her eyes closed in concentration. “It’s not cursed either. There’s no energy coming off it at all. I suspect it must be a discarded journal of sorts.” She handed it to me. “You should keep it.”
“Why? What would I do with it?” I asked while flipping through the unused pages.
“Write in it!” Lyre laughed. “Now if you’ll excuse me, I have a wizard’s soul to reprimand.”
“Lyre?” I called after her. Leso had been a right ass, but a part of me felt bad for him. “He doesn’t seem to like being confined in the cabinet. I think he’d be happy with a bit of freedom and something to do.”
“Duly noted,” she nodded then headed back toward the reception desk.
Back at the motel, I headed straight for the shower. Between the dust of the cursed section and the blazing heat, I was a sticky mess. When I’d scrubbed myself clean, I stepped out of the stall, towelled off then applied more of Parson’s ointment before slipping my feet into cotton socks. On my way back from the treasury, I’d bought yoga pants and a baggy t-shirt at the same thrift store. They also sold new underwear and socks, so I stocked up on a couple of items.
 I placed an order for pizza, and while waiting for it to be delivered, I closely inspected the unused journal, but saw nothing out of the ordinary, so I moved onto the book, Madness In The Making. Sitting on the bed, I checked for a table of contents, but couldn’t see any. Needing to locate the spell, Ambition’s Abyss, I whispered “Inveniet Gloriam,” and the book slammed open on the desired page.
I perused the formula then frowned once finished. It was an elaborate elixir and I wasn’t sure how I was supposed to find a murderer’s motive with that. Plus, the ingredients would be tricky to acquire, not to mention getting hold of the tools needed to create the potion. The method of applying the end product would be quite the challenge. All of it seemed so complicated. One step at a time, I told myself then read and reread the enchantment until my phone chimed to tell me the food was just outside. I had paid and tipped using the online service and, thankfully, hadn’t needed to interact with anyone.
When I opened the door Zeke stood there holding my pizza, his expression was one of relief. He looked perfectly put together with his usual white shirt and grey dress pants, although, his blond hair wasn’t so well groomed and his eyes were shadowed. He also appeared to have run out of razors. Still, Zeke with lots of stubble wasn’t a bad look except for the tension around his eyes. Not that I really cared. I took the box and closed the door without saying a word then sat on my bed.
“Jess,” he followed behind me immediately. I hadn’t thought to turn the lock.
“Get out.” My tone was so frosty I was surprised my breath didn’t fog the air. “You can’t just barge in like that.”
“I came for you,” he said evenly. “You weren’t answering my calls…I wanted to give you your space, but…”
“Leave, now.” I snapped. It was better than crying.
My ire had the opposite effect on him. He leaned casually against the wall, his hands deep in his pockets. “I want you to come home.”
“Home?” I scoffed lightly. “Really?”
“Well….yes. I -”
“That would be the same home that sees me as nothing more than a serial killer?”
“Jess -”
“The same home where people now question your ability to protect them because of my presence, because of the attack on you and because of those five deaths? The deaths you yourself claim I’m ‘involved’ with? Every. Single. One. Of. Them.”
He winced with regret then took a step closer but I backed away. How easily he’d allowed me to sit injured in a jail cell for three days, though no charges were laid against me and no evidence was presented. Then he shows up out of the blue and expects me to trot back as if nothing happened.
“That’s what I’m trying to explain to you.”
I went on like he hadn’t spoken. “Well, I have a different definition of home. It’s one where I feel welcome, safe, included, and not distrusted…” my voice shook with contained anger, “… I certainly won’t find that in your community.”
“Look, let’s sit down and talk this over -”
“Our contract - that one you had etched in my skin or the ink in the eye and your stupid claiming bite – is all null and void. So you can just turn around and leave me the hell alone.”
“I can’t.” His hand passed through his hair.
It was hard to admit, but there was a still a tiny part of me that just wanted him to wrap his arms around me and hold me tight. The other part wanted to flip him the bird. My thoughts were a jumbled mess. “What do you mean you can’t?”
“I just got a tip that the Magistrar’s office is going to issue a warrant for your arrest. I need to get you out of here.”
“What in the name of all that’s green on this earth have I done now?!”
“Earlier today, they put you on the Registered Magic Offenders list, so when you took a book from the Cursed section of the Thaumaturgical Treasury, it became a magical malefaction.”
“I didn’t take it. I borrowed it through the normal procedure.”
“The law says, anyone on the RMO list can’t be in possession of a level three spell book.”
“Fine, I’ll return it then.” I quickly took a photo of the pages with the spell.
“I can do that, but only after I move you somewhere safe.”
“Zeke, I don’t want an argument -”
He checked his phone. “Neither do I. The peace-keepers are already on their way.”
“I don’t want to be a fugitive.”
“You won’t be if you’re with me.”
“How come?”
“No time to explain.” He quickly surveyed the room. “Just get your things. Let’s go. And we won’t go to The Yards, I promise.”
“Where are we going?”
“A safe house.” He grabbed a shopping tote and began stuffing my belongings in it. “And when we get there, I’d like to throw a new theory your way – about who may be involved.”
My heart stilled. “You know who’s doing this?”
“Like I said, I have a theory.”
I didn’t want to be hunted down, or get arrested again, and I definitely didn’t want to see the inside of a jail cell. I didn’t have twenty options either. I slid my gaze back to him. “Don’t make me regret this Zeke Bai.”
“I won’t, Jess.”
The brownstone three-storey building was hidden behind high, but carefully manicured conifers. The grounds, a mix of expensive sidings and carefully trimmed grass, were large for a city-centre dwelling and no doubt the price tag for such a place ran in the millions.
“This is yours?” Maybe it was a silly question. If Zeke owned an entire town, what was one more building?
“Birch Grove is for human guests whom I’d prefer not stay in The Yards.” As if anticipating my question, he continued, “Some contract negotiations are held here, as it represents neutral territory.”
“Ah, I see.” And maybe women visitors too? Maybe he kept his mistresses here, or even a harem. I threw him a look and decided he could definitely pull off both. Not that I cared.
“What’s that look for?” He asked, puzzled, as we approached the front door. He turned the key in the lock and automatic lights lent a soft, warm glow to the simple, almost stark hallway. His taste in décor was definitely minimalist. “C’mon now, I know you were thinking about something I wasn’t doing right.”
Damn, he was perceptive. “Not at all,” I replied stepping into the foyer.
The place was incredible and made me feel like I’d lived in mounds of clutter all my life. I followed him to a door in the hallway that led downstairs. “Is there anyone here now?”
“No, it’s just us.”
“Have you heard from Jimmy?”
“She didn’t come back. But I feel a power shift. Your spell tipped the scales in her favour.”
“It failed to keep her safe.”
“The goal of the spell was to stop the warlock from claiming her soul and that worked. Now, why she hasn’t come back I can’t say, but I feel her strength like never before.”
“Okay,” I nodded with relief. “Can you tell her I’d love to see her whenever she’s up to it?
“Sure.”
We’d entered an expansive living room with pale wooden flooring, two huge chairs that looked like they could extend into beds and a stone wall with a gas fireplace built into its centre. To the left was a wooden sliding door with white squares, which added a whole Japanese feel to the place. The faux-ceiling was of the same shoji style as the door and masked the gentle lights behind each square.
“This will be your room,” he said gliding the door across with ease. “I know it’s the basement, but I’ve extra wards in place down here.”
A king-size floating futon bed sat in the centre of the room. The rich red duvet stood out in stark contrast to the cream walls. Bamboo panels stood in front of the windows allowing privacy without blocking the natural light. Similar panels were stationed at three other spots, but I couldn’t see natural light, so I wasn’t sure what was behind them. “Your home is very beautiful,” I said in awe of the decor. “The same can be said for all of your places, really.”
“Thank you,” he responded, sounding genuinely pleased that I liked it. “Consider it yours for the time you’re here.”
Looking around I couldn’t help but wonder where I’d put my clothes, if I’d had any. The furnishings were sparse, but still, people needed to change. I caught him looking at me intently and discomfort made me want to flee. “I really don’t expect to be here for long.”
“I’ve asked Shay and Jonah to bring all of your belongings from The Yards. They should arrive shortly.”
 He obviously had an opposing opinion concerning the duration of time I’d be here. “Thanks.”
“It’s only until things settle in The Yards. People are kind of jittery right now.”
I shook my head in dismay. How hard was it to see I was the victim here? I was the one being framed and having my life turned upside down. “They think you made the wrong decision in letting me in.”
“Probably,” he replied and I had to give him kudos for honesty.
“Can’t say I blame them.”
“Ambition’s Abyss is quite the spell you want to brew.” Zeke noted as he crumpled a napkin on his plate and leaned back, satiated from the pizza we ate. He’d bought two extras on our way back from the motel.
“I’m up against a wall here,” I admitted, somewhat reluctantly. I didn’t really feel like having a cosy chat about my plan. Zeke had a pattern of drawing me in with affection then showing me distrust when things got rough. Still, if anyone could provide me with what I needed to create the elixir, it was him. So I’d share, for that purpose only.
“What do you hope to extract from the incantation?”
 “I’m trying to find what is fuelling the person to commit these murders.” And I knew in my gut I was on the right track with the spell.
His head tilted in puzzlement. “And you believe it’s ambition?”
“Ask yourself, what drives ambition?”
Zeke leaned his elbows on the table eager to pursue the subject. “Goals, or a goal in particular.”
“Correct. Now ask yourself, what does the person want from that goal?”
“I guess success of some kind? Maybe even recognition?” he added.
“Two for two,” I admitted, surprised we had reached the exact same conclusion. “I feel this person is learning something from their actions with each murder.”
“Yeah, that they’re pissing me off, big time,” Zeke growled.
Ignoring the remark, I continued evenly. “I believe they’re learning to adapt to changing situations. Their behaviour changes in reaction to the obstacles they encounter.”
“How has their behaviour changed?” he countered. “They’re still murdering people and trying their damndest to frame you.”
“Yes, and I’d say they’re succeeding given Parsons is the only person convinced of my innocence.”
“Jess, you’re -”
Not wanting to hear Zeke try and explain away why he reacted so coldly toward me before my arrest, I kept going. “Looking at things in chronological order,” I said, getting up from the table and settling into the armchair by the empty hearth. “The first person to die was Bossman. I was not convicted, but I was blamed for it in a way that financial restitution had to be paid, my insurance claim was rejected and I pretty much lost everything I owned.”
Zeke took the other armchair flanking mine while throwing me a look as if to say, I didn’t ask for that outcome? “That’s mostly correct,” he replied.
“Eight months later you employ me, bring me under your ‘protection,’” I said using air quotes, “and have me live in The Yards.” He didn’t like the jibe, but chose to ignore it. “On my first day there, Meat, the tattooist, who had been present when Bossman died, loses his life.”
“But you had nothing to do with that,” Zeke interjected.
“True, but my reputation was so sullied at that point, I was automatically a suspect. So, a couple of days later when Sam is found dead, supposedly by my ink, I become public enemy number one – in everyone’s eyes. Add in Boa’s death, shortly after that, and nobody can help but pinpoint me as the culprit to all these crimes. And who can blame them, because everybody present when Bossman died had been wiped out, except me. Yet, all those victims were shifters until the last two gentlemen, who were human.”
“Where are you going with this?” Zeke asked, curious.
“The person committing all these heinous acts has to feel a sense of reward as it pushes them closer to their goal – whatever that may be.”
“So, the elixir will do what exactly?”
Despite having memorized it, I pulled up the images of the spell from my phone. “From what the formula describes, the end result should show the three reactant colours of red, black and orange. Red, for rage, black for death and orange for the joy of success.”
Zeke moved forward in his chair, resting his elbows on his thighs. “So, how do we apply this elixir and where?”
We? I guess if he witnessed the outcome of the spell, it might convince him once and for all of my innocence – either that or I knock back the Weirheid potion. “I must first make it into a spray format. That alone takes many hours, but once completed, I can test it on the clothes I wore when I was found with Andy and Max at the entrance to The Yards.”
“Why your clothes?”
“Because the blood on them should be enough to confirm my suspicions that someone else was there and attacked me and killed both men.”
“But wouldn’t the fact that you were in jail contaminate the evidence so to speak? Even trekking from the detention centre across the city to the motel could have removed more evidence.”
“The emotional imprint left by the perpetrator will remain.”
Zeke’s face took on a pained expression. “Your feet had been in bad shape that night. How are they today? Are they healing?”
This was the confusing thing about him; he took care to make sure I was safe, uninjured and had good food, but didn’t seem to care I spent three days in a jail cell. I shrugged nonchalantly. “Parsons sent me some ointment.” The skin was no longer raw and it didn’t feel like I had glass imbedded in my soles.
“I reacted badly towards you when I saw those dead bodies in the truck. I just didn’t understand how you could have driven back from wherever you were and not have been aware of what you had done.”
“What I had done?” My brows pulled together in a frown. “Are you accusing me, again?”
His palms rose in reaction to my ire. “What I meant to say – and I’d attempted to talk about this in the bathroom just before your arrest – is we aren’t considering another suspect in all of this.”
“Who?” He seemed somewhat uncomfortable all of a sudden, so I knew I wasn’t going to like what he had to say.
“Please remember, it’s only a theory.”
“Ohhhkay,” I added cautiously. If he was considering Parsons a suspect, I’d be shooting that idea down in a heartbeat.
“Promise me you’ll be open to discussing this and not try to leave.”
“That bad, huh? Okay then, let’s hear it.”
He waited for me to agree that I wouldn’t high tail it out of there before continuing. “I’ve watched the video footage from Inkspot, the part where it shows you prepping everything before inking my skin. I must’ve viewed it a hundred times, maybe more, and apart from a few seconds where you’re leaning over the pod and blocking the camera, everything seems normal. But the lab results confirmed that the poison in me had been modified. It contained a unique chemical carrier made especially for ink - to help increase the toxin’s absorption rate exponentially. This-”
“Hang on a minute. You think I poisoned you?”
“Hold on..let me just finish, please,” he entreated. “This other power I sense in you - the one that’s different from the alchemical witch - could be behaving in ways unknown to you. It could be switching off your conscious mind to make way for this other side of your persona that feels the need to perpetrate these acts. It’s not ludicrous to just consider it as one of several theories.”
 My brain felt paralyzed for a few seconds as I tried to process his words. A fat knot sat in my throat, as I shook my head in disbelief. I sank further into the armchair and brushed tendrils of loose hair behind my ear, hoping the blush of shame creeping up my neck wasn’t too obvious. We were supposed to discuss his so-called theory, but I couldn’t find anything to say. My thoughts splintered, never forming words. In the silence, all I could hear was my heart thumping a mile a minute. His hypothesis explained why he’d been reacting like a swinging pendulum on my supposed implication in these murders.
He seemed to read the myriad of emotions flowing through me and his expression became one of concern. “Jess, I’m not convinced you have a split personality, but I’m not ruling it out either. If you have a dissociative identity disorder, we can get you help for whatever trauma caused it to emerge. I will be there to support you through any healing or therapy required. But it mightn’t be that at all.”
Standing up on shaky legs, I managed to say, “I think I’ll start on the spell right away.”
Over the next couple of days, we interacted sporadically. Zeke spent most of his time in The Yards, but texted when necessary. He’d had Shay and Jonah deliver everything I needed for Ambition’s Abyss. Although I hadn’t seen either of them, the items seemed to just magically appear on the kitchen table.
The ingredients were uncommon and there were many, so precision was essential to a successful outcome. Each component required its own method and preparation ritual, so it took several hours to cleanse, chop, grind and steep each element. Zeke’s kitchen was well-stocked and I availed of the many pots and pans it took in order to deliquesce certain plants. After that, a complicated fluid extraction process commenced for the other herbs, and that was estimated to take another five hours to derive the quantities needed.
As I worked, Zeke had both lunch and supper sent over, but I didn’t eat as I was consumed by the task. It was after two in the morning and I was feeling beyond drained, but I wouldn’t let fatigue stop me because I needed to prove, not only to Zeke, but to myself and every shifter community out there, that I was not the culprit. With the pulped ingredients stewing on the lowest setting of a bain-marie, I sat at the kitchen counter and read through the spell for what felt like the hundredth time, but my thoughts quickly turned to Zeke.
Unknown to him, I’d taken a photo with my phone as he’d been peering down at a text he’d received. Expanding the image, I inspected at length his thick eye-lashes, his prominent jaw bone and his lower lip that hung open ever so slightly. His kisses had been like nothing I’d ever felt before. His mouth had claimed mine, promising to devour me body and soul. Somehow, I knew he’d be incredible in bed and I’d bet any woman he’d slept with surely had her world rocked and then some. If I looked beyond the attractiveness of the outer shell, there was as much beauty to be found inside too. His flock were everything to him and he cared for them deeply, protected them fiercely, ensuring they stayed united no matter what adversity they faced. Yet, he’d left them behind to come find me, the very person at the heart of the widespread discord in his community.
Why?
He didn’t trust me, left me high and dry in jail, yet seemed relieved when he found me. He did everything to make sure I was comfortable. And, I wasn’t blind to the fact that he had feelings for me, I just didn’t know if they were coming from the man who desired a woman, or the shepherd who cared for an errant lamb. I scoffed inwardly and told myself it was the latter. Someone like him didn’t go for a girl like me. Or if he did, it would be nothing but a hook-up to him, whereas I’d be putting up missing posters around town with the caption ‘heart missing, contact owner if found.’
Exactly five and a half hours later, I’d ground all the dry ingredients into fine particles and mixed in the pulp extract. I experienced a sentiment of pure glee when I poured the mixture into a sterilized transparent bottle, added the atomizer and waited. The three colours of the elixir formed before my eyes and I held the bottle up to the dawn light, momentarily mesmerized at what I’d created.
“Shake well,” I said aloud while reading the recipe, “to ensure the colours separate again.”
I shook it vigorously mixing the potion to a brackish shade, and as soon as the liquid settled, all three colours returned. “It worked!”I exclaimed. My eyes flew to the final words on the spell’s page. “The black portion must be situated at the bottom, or the recipe has failed.”
The onyx liquid formed at the bottom, orange in the middle and the red on top. I hadn’t gotten it wrong and my feet did happy dance despite feeling exhausted. I then quickly extracted from a plastic bag, the clothes I’d worn the night Andy and Max were found dead in my truck. I offered a silent aspiration to Tyr that this would, somehow, help get justice for the innocent men this person had harmed.
“Boy, they reek,” I whispered as I laid the faded blue jeans and white t-shirt out on the floor. No matter. All I needed was to see if they reacted to the mixture.
“Morning Jess.” Zeke suddenly appeared in the doorway giving me such a fright I almost dropped the bottle.
“Don’t sneak up on me like that,” I chided gently.
“Sorry,” he offered and padded over as silently as a panther. “I would have been here sooner, but I’ve just been sorting some things out.”
“It’s okay. You didn’t miss anything.” Without further ado, I pumped the spray a few times until the dip tube was filled then misted the clothes and waited.
A tri-coloured rainbow mushroomed over the heavily soiled garments covering them to the extent that their original shade completely disappeared. Bringing up the recipe once more on my phone and expanding it to the max, I noticed, for the first time, a minute legend in the bottom left hand corner. I checked the colour coding and what it could mean against what I was seeing on the clothes.
“What’s a Warper?”
Zeke scoffed disbelievingly. “Those things don’t exist.”
I double checked the information. “According to this it does.”
He leaned in and verified the footnote on the screen. “Oh shit,” Zeke blurted. His facial expression said it all. This was not good. “Call Parsons.”
The custodian greeted us cheerily on the cell’s camera. I quickly brought him up to speed on what the draught revealed. He asked to see the clothing and spent a long moment taking in all the details before speaking.
“We have something truly depraved here. Each element of rage, death and success is so abyssal it has permeated the clothing entirely.”
“Which means what exactly?” Zeke asked, seemingly as confused as I was.
“Well,” he said, “The elixir confirmed that you definitely have a Warper on your hands.”
 Zeke rubbed his stubbled chin. “If we go to the Magistrar with a Warper theory, we’ll be treated in the same light as humans who say they’ve been probed by aliens.”
 “I wish I was wrong,” Parsons added gravely. “It’s probably a newly formed Warper, but it’s still lethal, though.”
“What is it exactly?”
“They are a curse on our world, and, fortunately, are extremely rare. About as rare as dragon eggs.” Parsons brow furrowed, clearly disturbed at the discovery. “A Warper can manipulate time. Not for long, mind you, usually only a few seconds, but it can be enough to generate chaos. The stronger ones can create up to two minutes of time manipulation and you only have to look at certain events in history to see the horrific consequences of their interference.”
“Really?”
“I believe one veered the Titanic off course, sending it straight into the iceberg. Another caused the Chernobyl accident by interfering in the experiment that led to the fall-out. The Challenger rocket that exploded was the work of a Warper.” Parsons shook his head in dismay at the immense loss.
“But all those incidents were some time ago. Does that mean there are no strong Warpers in existence now?”
“We can never be sure, Jess, but I suspect one or more are active today. I’d pinpoint 9/11, the Malaysian flight disaster and the Japanese Fukushima reactor as their handy work.”
“Can nobody stop these Warpers? Capture them somehow?”
“To catch one, especially a strong one is a great feat indeed because they are expert escapists. They’re cunning and driven to destruction because it truly is part and parcel of their terrible nature. A secret security force is rumoured to track and hunt them, but we don’t know anything about them. Maybe that’s just a fabrication to appease the public’s fears. The Magistrar’s office is supposed to communicate when a Warper’s capture and execution has occurred, in addition to listing the terrible deeds committed. But you’d have to go back many decades to find information on the last time one was eliminated.”
Parsons always praised my fighting spirit, but right now, I was feeling weak and wanting to abandon ship because I’d no idea how I could possibly deal with something so powerful, so invisible and so determined to see me hang. My hands passed through my hair and I bit my lip so I wouldn’t scream from frustration. “I really don’t know what to do?”
“And you’re a hundred percent sure about all this?” Zeke pressed.
Parsons nodded to the tri-coloured haze, “the evidence speaks for itself.”
Zeke pressed his fist to his mouth pensively. “And you think this one is young. Does that mean it’s strong?”
“I can’t say with any certitude. As mentioned, the truly strong ones can interfere with time for up to two minutes, while the weaker ones would be lucky to reach ten seconds. Because they are so rare, little else is known about them. Most communities don’t even want to entertain the idea of their existence. It would certainly explain how these murders have been committed without any trace of a culprit”
I looked at both men. “How would we even know what one looks like?”
“You wouldn’t,” Parsons replied, “because they are first and foremost some other type of supernatural being and their Warper abilities would only form later in life. So, for example, you, Jess, are a witch, but you could have the dual nature of a Warper.”
Zeke and I exchanged a look where his theory had just been validated. “So I could be this creature and not even know it?” Water was building behind my eyes, but I was doing my damndest to keep it from spilling out.
“Nonsense, child!” Parsons waved a flippant hand in front of his face. “An Otherworlder who becomes a Warper is very much aware of who and what they are because the latter, once it emerges, is a constant, dominant presence, who slowly shifts the innate behaviour of the individual to a much more destructive level. There is symbiosis of sorts where the Otherworlder takes instruction from the Warper.”
Right then I remembered Bossman believing I had been responsible for his death. Without thinking, my hand trailed upward to my neck as I recalled him feeling the sharp jab puncturing his skin. That same sensation occurred when I awoke in the truck with Andy and Max in the back.
“What is it?” Zeke asked. “You remember something?”
“I don’t know if it means anything, really.” And I went on to explain what I recalled feeling.
“That same elixir, if sprayed in the truck where you and the deceased gentlemen were found, could indicate if a Warper has manipulated time,” Parsons instructed. “The three colours should form a sort of semi-circle in the air where a rip in time has occurred.”
Zeke shoved his hands deep into his pockets. “But even if we do find these rips, how do we go about finding whoever has caused them. It could be anyone, anywhere.”
“That, I’m afraid I don’t know. But, it is believed that the weaker Warpers have to be in a certain proximity to their victims. The stronger ones could be anywhere in the world.”
 “But why is it targeting me?” I asked, puzzled. “I don’t know of anyone I’ve angered enough to warrant this kind of retaliation.”
 “If you find the answer to that question then, I believe you find the culprit,” Parsons replied, suddenly looking exhausted. “Now, I must lie down, but given this new information, I think it’s best you return here, Jess. It is not safe for you at The Yards.”
“She’s not in The Yards. I can offer her better protection where we are now,” Zeke replied with a little frost to his tone.
“She needs protection, I agree. But, once again, she has not fared well in your community, if anything I would say things have escalated considerably since she’s been there. Whoever is doing this has no qualms about letting her take the blame for their crimes. They’d probably sit back and happily watch her be executed.”
Zeke didn’t like the sound of that. “Are you saying the culprit lives in The Yards?”
“It’s the most logical answer, wouldn’t you say? That’s why Jess is vulnerable there.”
“I’ll keep her out of harm’s way.”
The custodian’s eyes softened as he spoke. “I’d prefer you stay here, child, but the decision is entirely up to you.”
“I’m afraid I’d be followed to the Academy and that’d put you and everyone else in danger.”
“We’d be fine,” Parsons assured me. “Besides, after being left in jail for days,” he threw Zeke an admonishing look, “I think some rest and recuperation will recharge your batteries, as they say.”
 I smiled lovingly at Parsons. He was caring, considerate and the one person in my life I could rely on without question, which was why I needed to keep this Warper thing away from him. “Maybe it’s best that I stay where I am, for the moment.”
Parsons shook his head and eyed Zeke admonishingly. “I’m here if you need me, Jess,” he reiterated.
“I’ll be in touch, I promise.” The call ended there and I deflated from a mix of exhaustion and relief.
“You okay, Jess?”
“Yeah.” I puffed out a sigh.
“Why don’t you get some rest?” He began gathering up the soiled clothes and ignored me when I tried to do it myself.
I quickly washed and dried my hands. “Can you have the truck brought here, so I can test it?”
“Shay and Jonah already parked it in the garage.”
It turns out the garage was on the same level as the basement and we reached it after meandering down a long corridor through a series of doors. The old blue Ford F-150 sat amongst several vehicles that were different to the ones parked in his building in The Yards. How many vehicles did the man need?
“It’s clean inside,” Zeke said, pulling open the driver side door. “Good as new.”
I smiled inwardly at the gesture. He hadn’t wanted me to see anything related to that night. “Thanks.”
“Okay, let’s do this and see what happens.”
 I pulled open the passenger side and hoisted myself up on the step to observe Zeke, who said he’d spray the elixir. He gave me a look that asked, are you ready? I nodded and he pulled the cap off the bottle and squirted twice toward the rear seats and once on both the passenger and driver sides.
“Whoa,” he exclaimed as the entire cab became drenched in the angry shades of red, orange and black.
“It’s spreading out exactly like it did on my clothes.” The mist peppered my skin like dew on spring flowers.
“Well, it confirms the Warper was in here and….” His voice trailed off as his regard honed in on my neck “…..fuck!”
“What?!” I exclaimed.
 “Look to the left, Jess.” I whipped my head as instructed. “There! Stay like that. Don’t move.” He flashed around to my side, took my hand as he lifted me down to the ground and turned me to face him. His fingers brushed my hair away, his eyes pivoting between mine and whatever he was seeing. “Your neck is oozing all three colours, just like in the cab.”
I turned and quickly angled the side view mirror toward my neck. A hole, the size of a pin head was seeping all three colours. They trailed downward, like a creeping vine covering my pale skin, even though I couldn’t feel anything. I rubbed along my neck, but my fingers came away unstained. “I don’t understand.”
“You woke up in the truck with no recollection of what happened. You must’ve been drugged and the elixir confirms that.”
“Which was exactly what I said all along.” But it didn’t explain why I had an egg-shaped lump on my head. “It doesn’t tell me what I was injected with or what I did while drugged.” A thick knot sat tightly in my throat. What had been done to me while I was out? I hadn’t checked my body. But then again, my attention was on my head and injured feet. Maybe I’d never know what really happened. I knew if I said another word, my chin would tremble and I’d be leaking tears. I cleared my throat and buried the worry into an area of my mind that was already at over-capacity for stress and fatigue.
Zeke’s expression changed and he seemed to read my thoughts. He hugged me tight. “I’ll get Jax here right away to make sure…other injuries didn’t occur.”
Thinking back to that night, the only places where I really felt injured was my feet and head. I knew the rest of my body had been untouched and explained that to Zeke.
“You’re sure?”
“Yeah, pretty much.”
“It’s best to have you checked out anyway, okay?”
"“Okay, but I’ll set something up with Jax, myself.”
“Whatever you want.”
I turned my gaze back to the truck. “So what now?”
“I think we’re going about this the wrong way.” Zeke looked toward the cab.
“What do you mean?”
“The Warper is someone who knows you, knows your whereabouts and knows your activities. That means they’re most likely someone either from Cato’s clan, The Square or…..as hard as this is to say…The Yards.”
“So you really think one of your own is capable of murder? And I’m no longer on your list of potential wrongdoers?” The tone of disbelief was clear.
“Jess, I had to consider all possibilities. And even if it had been you, I knew it wasn’t something you were aware of. And I know I wasn’t as patient or understanding as I should’ve been, but it was because there were times when I couldn’t tell whether I was talking to you or this ‘otherness’ I feel in you.”
It certainly explained the polarizing reactions, but, I wasn’t quite ready to move past the wounds he’d caused. Wanting to shift the focus away from me, I circled back to the possibility of the culprit being from his own community. “Doesn’t the crest thingy denote loyalty? Wouldn’t you know if someone was trying to take you out?”
He rubbed a hand over his head, as the other stayed fisted in his pocket. “Technically, yes, but, if they’ve become a Warper, that might mess with my ability to sense their intentions, so to speak. I’ve never come across one before, so I don’t know what they feel like.”
“You house and protect your people, so why would you suspect them of any wrong-doing. It makes more sense to harbour doubts about people like Cato, or Vivian from Snake Bite, and myself.”
His thumb brushed my cheek before trailing down my arm. He covered my hand with his palm. “Not everyone in my territory has been honest with me.”
“Really? How come?”
“Someone told me that your arrest was quickly processed, that you’d been released an hour later and that you’d left for a few days to be alone. I’d no idea you were in jail for three days, or when you’d actually been released. I felt you were in the city, but I couldn’t pinpoint a location. And when you kept ignoring my calls, I contacted Parsons.”
You could’ve knocked me over with a feather. He hadn’t known I was sitting in jail. I’d thought the absolute worse of him, thought his protection wasn’t worth a damn and the first thing he did when he knew the truth was to set out and find me. “Who told you those things?”
“Wendy, my assistant.” He rubbed a hand through his hair again, “She’s been ex-communicated.”
“Why would she do a thing like that?” I had absolutely no beef with the woman whatsoever. I’d only met her a couple of times when I went to Zeke’s office.
“Once she’d confessed, she literally wouldn’t speak a word after that, no matter how much I threatened her.”
“So where is she now?” Maybe I could go over there and lay down some justice of my own on her lying ass.
“If she’s smart, she should be on the other side of the planet.”
“Is she in one piece?” Did she have a head is what I really wanted to know.
“Yes, of course she’s alive! I don’t kill everyone who crosses me.”
“Just checking. No need to get your panties in a twist.”
Zeke was staring at me, probably not liking the fact I told him he wore panties. He closed the truck door then began tugging me gently back into the main house. “I don’t know about you, but I could use some breakfast.”
“Sounds perfect.”
Later that night, I tossed and turned despite the extremely comfortable bed. Sleep evaded me as all thoughts ran to what prompted Wendy to lie like that. Had I known her but couldn’t remember? Had I wronged her, or a member of her family? I doubted it, somehow.
“You can’t sleep?” Zeke asked and I jolted with fright. I hadn’t known he was in the room.
“Goddess above!!!! You scared me half to death!” I sat upright. He had put a mattress on the floor beside mine. He also wasn’t wearing anything… above the sheets. Maybe he had boxers on. “What are you doing here?” Wasn’t his room up in a lofty tower or something?
He turned on his side, his elbow propping him up. “There is a Warper out there doing their utmost to make your life hell and you think I’m going to sleep somewhere else other than beside you?”
“Didn’t you say there were wards in place?”
“Against most forms of intrusion, yes. But with a Warper, I don’t know what will and won’t hold, so I’m not taking any chances.” He sat up, threw off the covers and I saw he was wearing dark, silk pyjama bottoms. He crossed his legs and faced me. “I was going to tell you all of this while we were having a drink in the living room this evening,” he motioned to the adjoining room, “but you fell asleep.”
Looking down, I saw I was still dressed in the same clothes. I didn’t even remember dozing off. The last thing I recalled was Zeke talking about security measures and I guess tuning him out led to me dozing off.
 “The focus has been on you – the scapegoat. We need to come up with a way that we can flush this Warper out of hiding and into plain sight.”
“How do we do that?”
He remained silent for a long moment, his hand rubbing the stubble on his chin. “Ultimately, we’d need to put a trace on everyone we suspect.”
“That’d be difficult to pull off. Cato certainly wouldn’t be easy to follow secretly.”
He paused for a long moment. “Yeah, you’re right. But,” he drew out the word as his head tilted, “what if we could use your ink to monitor him and everyone we suspect?”
I sat up, mimicking his position. “How could I possibly get near enough to dab ink on him and cast a spell without him knowing it?”
“Offer to tattoo him?”
My voice fell an octave lower in annoyance. “I don’t tattoo.” Hadn’t I repeated this like a hundred times?
“But you can.”
“I’d only have another almost-dead body on my hands. I mean, how can you even ask that after what happened?”
 Let’s say – hypothetically - that you would tattoo him.”
I sighed at his tenacity. “He’d never fall for it.”
“What if you do a promotional thing and offer it for free.”
Cato was about as rich as Zeke. “Why would someone like him go for something like that?”
“Never underestimate the power of a freebie, especially if that freebie is linked to a talented tattooist who is returning to her craft.”
“Were you not listening to me?”
“I’ll be there to control your magic. I promise.”
Yeah, in my book, the word ‘promise’ held the same value as piece of trash. “Cato aside, there are other people you suspect, right? They can’t all be tattooed, whoever they are.”
“Leave it to me. I’ll sort something out and I’ll let you know when I have a plan.” He smirked playfully, “hope you can stay awake through this one.”
“Ha-ha,” I scoffed amicably. “Maybe if they weren’t so boring I could.”
His thumb circled the palm of my hand. “I could find ways to hold your attention.”
Oh boy! I had no doubt he could. Just a simple touch and my body tingled all over. I was really tempted to explore this further but knew my heart would be in a worst state than it already was. “You’re hilarious,” I deadpanned then leaned away and puffed up my pillow. “Listen, you don’t need to stay here. I’m sure you want to be in your own bed.”
He lay down and tucked his hands behind his head. “No, I’m not letting you out of my sight.”
“That isn’t realistic at all.”
“Doesn’t matter. I’m not moving until you’re safe.”
“Zeke,” I sighed, “I don’t get this constant push and pull between us. You’ve oscillated between being a protective Opilio one minute to a hard-boiled sceptic who throws accusations out like confetti the next.” He sat up, his attention focused now. “And I don’t get how one minute you’re mad as hell with me, and the next you’re all ‘let me look after you. Your moods move faster than eyes in a REM cycle. You’re all cool and normal with everyone else,” I continued, “except me. You make me feel so confused – I go from feeling happy to crappy in a heartbeat.”
He reached out and lifted me into his arms.
“See, this is exactly what I mean. You go from accusatory glaring to this,” I motioned to our proximity. “I’m not wrong, Zeke. I know when I’m made to feel bad.”
“I can only offer my most heartfelt apologies for anything I did or said that made you feel that way. I thought by keeping you at arm’s length I could fight how I felt. But after that kiss we shared in Inkspot, the more I fought my feelings for you, the stronger they grew.”
My expression was one of incredulity. “Can’t say I noticed that struggle.”
“Jess, you have, from the moment I laid eyes on you, rocked my world.”
Well you could’ve knocked me over with a feather. Never would I have believed he harboured those, seemingly, deep feelings for me. His aloofness and brusqueness demonstrated the contrary. I tried to think back to our first encounter when he asked me to take the truth potion. His manner was impatient, but then again he was fighting the rapidly expiring shelf life of the serum. The times he was affectionate and caring were wonderful, but his harshness when he suspected me of harming his people cut deeply.
“From the look you’re giving me, I must’ve come across as a right jackass.”
I was done feeling the sting of his rejection and then the balm of relief from his affection. If he was being true to his word, I’d need to see his sincerity in his behaviour, consistently. I needed him to smile with me. I needed to feel the warmth of his soul. “Zeke,” I moved away from his embrace and returned to my bed, “I can’t just bounce back from all the accusations as well as your hot and cold fluctuations. I’m just not made that way.”
“Jess, please -”
I raised my palm that I wasn’t finished. “In my book, actions speak louder than words. I’m going to wait and see if your actions can change my opinion as it stands.” I got into bed and turned on my side, my back to him.
“Challenge accepted,” he responded with a smile in his tone.
Chapter 12
“Keep that chin held high” Shay advised under his breath, “otherwise you’ll be seen as weak.”
We’d entered The Yards and were waved on through by security. Zeke was behind the wheel. I was riding shotgun, while Shay and Jonah were in the back. Judging by the looks I got as we drove by, the locals did not appreciate my presence. One or two even spat on the ground. I think it was safe to say the situation was a tad hostile.
My fingers touched on the powdered ink I’d slipped into my pocket before leaving the brownstone. Zeke said I’d come to no harm, and I’m sure he meant that. But I’d been looking out for myself for too long to go in with blind faith and no means to defend myself, should things turn ugly. Given the amount of saliva expectorated so far by the townsfolk, I’d say things were going to go south quickly.
“At the risk of sounding like a broken record, this is a bad idea.”
“It’s fine. Ignore them,” Zeke counselled. “They’re afraid, that’s all.”
In my book, fear generated violence and the annals of history bore proof of the millions of innocent women tortured and murdered over the centuries because people were scared of them. “I give it a few hours maybe less before someone tries to take me out.”
“They won’t,” Zeke countered with a growl. His voice held a note of annoyance. Maybe he didn’t like me putting down his precious flock. And that’s when a terrifying thought hit me. Had he brought me back and paraded me through town to show I was under his control? Was this all to demonstrate I was no longer a threat to their way of life? It certainly looked like that.
While one part of me dismissed that thought, the other chided me for not having brought more ink.
We entered Zeke’s office behind the bar in Jimmy’s pub and found Katy with booted feet on the desk, and a pile of papers in her lap. Occupying the couch were two men I didn’t recognize, but it was clear from their bulk they were there in some form of protection capacity.
“Finally! you’re back!” She said with relief while tossing the papers on the desk and assessing us with a keen eye. “Not so good that Jess is back, though.” She winced slightly. “No offence Jess, but people are probably using your photo for target practice right now. It’s crazy as all hell out there.”
“Katy, that’s enough,” Zeke admonished.
“It’s okay,” I shrugged. “She’s only telling the truth.”
“Why did you bring Jess back? It’s extremely dangerous for her here.” Katy rounded the desk and stood in front of Zeke, her arms folded tightly. “Tensions are already at an all time high and people are seriously questioning your ability to protect them. Just ask security at La Mer. In your absence, the lobby has become the complaints department. I couldn’t work at the hospital. I couldn’t even see my patients or my team because I kept being harassed by tribal leaders wanting to know where you were. I couldn’t tell them anything because I didn’t even know when you’d be back. You went away without so much as a word and left me to deal with shit that I am not cut out for.”
“I’m sorry you had to deal with all of that. But, I had to ensure Jess’ safety.”
I needed to get out of here. I didn’t want to add to the tension and discord.
“I will sort out those who are disgruntled.” Zeke said with complete calm. “There’ll be a general meeting tonight and I’ll diffuse any fears people have.”
“Tonight may be too late. They probably have pitchforks and torches at the ready.” She threw me an apologetic look.
“Listen, I’ll just go,” I interjected. “Problem solved.”
“No!” Zeke rounded on me and held my shoulders tightly. “It’s safer for you here. You’re staying with me. No arguments.”
My eyes shot from Zeke to Katy. She held a silent plea for me to leave for everyone’s sake. I gave her a barely perceptible nod that I’d go. Zeke took that same gesture as my agreeing to stay. I didn’t get a chance to correct him. Jimmy suddenly appeared in the doorway looking like she’d been to Hell and back.
“Jimmy!” I squealed in delight. “You’re back!!!!”
She was smiling triumphantly, her hands behind her back as if she held a secret surprise. If I were to use one word to describe her overall state, it would be, unhinged. Her midnight blue sequenced dress was covered in blood and torn in several places. Her eyes were bruised and her bare arms were covered in deep scratches.
“Moons above! Jimmy...what the – are you okay?” Zeke asked cautiously stepping closer to her.
“Better than okay, Baby,” she replied happily then held up a man’s head the same as if she’d caught a prize fish. Thick drops of fresh blood splattered onto the wooden floor. “I fixed me that Warlock problem.”
 “Fuck!” Shay and Jonah swore simultaneously in shock.
The two hulks on the couch jumped up and flanked Katy. “Ohhh noooo!” Katy groaned in dismay. “Did he just walk through town like that?”
Zeke stood, watching stoically, while I grabbed the nearest waste paper basket, unsure I could hold down breakfast.
“I. Am. Not. A. HE,” Jimmy stated all angry, but powerful. She straightened her spine, threw her shoulders back and spoke proudly. “I was created female on the inside. I -”
“Then you should have chosen another fucking name than Jimmy!!!” She screeched.
“Katy!” Zeke growled menacingly. “Get. Out. Now.”
Jimmy sauntered over to Katy with a confident swagger. “Let me educate your skinny, ignorant ass on my name. It is not only unisex, it means to overthrow.” She raised the head between them, “by force. Want more proof? Because I can give it to you right now, honey.”
Katy shook her head indicating she’d understood Jimmy’s macabre lesson.
Jimmy turned toward me, “Peaches,” she winked playfully before swinging the head over her shoulder as if it was a designer bag, “I owe you, big time.”
“Zeke?” Shay interjected while pocketing his phone. “We got all the leaders on their way here. They aren’t happy, so you know what that means.”
“I’ll hide Jess at my place,” Katy offered, stepping away from Jimmy. She wrapped her hand around my upper arm. “You,” she pointed accusingly at Zeke “fix this bloody mess.”
“Jess stays with me!” Zeke barked, halting Katy’s endeavours to pull me toward the door. His arm slid around my waist nestling me against his side, but she didn’t release her hold. Despite the tension, my body hummed in pleasure at Zeke’s proximity.
“You’re not going to be able to calm down the tribal leaders with her sniffing your armpit. “Get your shit sorted out then come to my place.”
Zeke appeared torn by her words. His lips pressed together as he leaned toward his sister menacingly. “Ooksim,” he pronounced as a deep rumbling growl. The word, whatever it was, had a strange effect on Katy and her regard became defiant.
“You’re going to pull that crap on me? Why should I swear?!”
“Ooksim,” he repeated even more deeply, as his grip on my waist tightened.
Her eyes widened, her mouth fell open in shock. “Tsamil?”
Zeke cleared his throat uncomfortably. “Yes.”
“Leaders are downstairs” Shay advised. “Mel wants to know if he should send them up.”
Zeke’s hand gripped the back of Katy’s neck before his forehead pressed against hers. “Ukhti! Takalam!”
“Fine, fine!!” She sighed before replying rapidly “Ooksim, dilk, sa oobikha aminatan” Katy broke their connection right before her hand squeezed my arm tighter still then tore me away from Zeke’s safety and protection. I didn’t like it. It didn’t feel right.
“Jess, habibata,” Zeke whispered as he turned to me. His hand cupped my face. “Don’t be afraid. Go with her. I will see you shortly.”
I’d never noticed it before, but Katy was stronger than any other shifter I’d known – besides Zeke. She whisked us from the office and hurried down the corridor past the conference room and through an unseen opening in the wall. If I hadn’t wanted to go, there wasn’t much I could’ve done about it.
“What did you and Zeke discuss back there?” I jogged to keep up with her fast pace.
“You, you and you,” she sniped. I guess Katy didn’t handle crises very well. Maybe Zeke had sheltered her from all the gritty stuff of running The Yards.
“Can you elaborate?”
“Ooksim is a vow in our language. He wanted me to swear I’d protect you with my life because….well, let’s just say, you’re very special to him.”
“Special? He’d only wanted me to help Jimmy and I did.”
“Oh, no, believe me, he’s got it bad for you,” she laughed mirthlessly. “Fool.”
There had been quite a few f’s uttered in that word. She could’ve given Ling a run for his money. It also revealed, I wasn’t on her best friend list.
When we entered a dimly lit passageway, my trust evaporated and fear set in. “Where are we going?” I’d stopped in my tracks, which did not seem to please Katy one bit.
“Move!!” She yelled in my face.
“Hey!” I pushed her away, the momentum sending her stumbling back against the wall. “Don’t talk to me like that,” I warned. “Now I’ll move when you tell me what the hell is going on.”
“You see this?” She held up her index finger and thumb before pressing it against the slope of my neck. My knees quaked right before they hit the cold ground. “That’s incentive to shut your trap and pick up the pace.”
“I’m not going anywhere with you,” I hissed while getting to my feet. “I’ll take my chances with the pissed-off tribe leaders.” I turned away to return to Jimmy’s bar when I found myself pinned against the wall.
“Wrong way,” she spat. Her eyes glowed amber right before she picked me up like I was a child and began running through a series of tunnels.
We ran - or should I say, Katy ran - for close to an hour at a speed that was far from human, before stopping in front of a dead end. My insides felt like mush and I was only too happy to stand on my own two feet.
Light from grid holes in the ceiling, along with the racket of passing vehicles, told me we were below a busy street. “Latch on,” she ordered, pointing to a rusted ladder hooked into the wall. “You go up then I’ll follow and I’ll lift the lid and make sure the coast is clear.”
Wordlessly, I began to climb the rickety rungs, having only escape on my mind. “Does Zeke know we’re going this way?”
She hoisted herself up effortlessly, catching up with me in mere seconds. “Just keep going.”
“What about that ookseem promise thingy you made to him? Isn’t there some sort of backlash for breaking it?” I was grasping at straws here because gut instinct was telling me my day was about to get a whole lot worse.
“I’m wearing a little pouch with herbs that negated every word I said.” She patted her chest area, looking most pleased with herself. I wanted to slap the smug grin off her face.
Under the cast iron lid that clanged noisily from the overhead traffic, Katy listened intently. Silence fell over us and she nodded happily then pushed against the heavy cover, pivoting three hundred and sixty degrees. Her eyes took in the scene above. “Now! Go! Move!”
I clambered past her emerging onto Fern View Square right in front of Snake Bite. “Why are we here?”
While I was surveying the place, she quickly caught up, grabbed my arm and dragged me toward the last place I wanted to be.
 “You’re late,” the burly bouncer muttered to Katy. “Vivian’s been waitin’ inside with Cato. He’ll be a lot happier now that his woman’s back.”
“I’ll be there in a minute,” Katy said. He nodded then entered the tavern.
Cato! My head whipped to hers. “Cato? You’re with him?”
“Shut up and get inside,” she warned. We’re going to have some fun. Paz can’t wait to get back at you for siccing Zeke on him.”
“Paz? I did no such thing!”
“Well Zeke thought otherwise. Turns out someone told him Paz broke your arm, so he did a number on the troll.”
“I didn’t know. I swear.”
“I didn’t know, I swear” she squealed mockingly.
“Bitch!” I ground out as I pulled away from her. “I bet Zeke hasn’t a clue you’re doing all this.”
She chuckled maniacally. “Zeke is so besotted by you that he’s risked his entire community to keep you safe. And no matter what we say, he won’t listen.”
“What?” Was she for real? “You’re crazy! Zeke lives for his family and community. You’ve got it all wrong!”
“I knew he’d fail us because I was supposed to be the Opilio, not Zeke. My entire childhood, I’d been groomed for that role, but then during the initiation rites, Zeke was chosen, not me! The Kahinan who conducted the ceremony later explained that my role was to aide him. I, the true Opilio was supposed to aide my drunken ass of a brother who couldn’t keep his dick in his pants for five minutes? I begged the Kahinan to do the ritual again because there’d obviously been a mistake. I was the one who should rule my own flock. But I was told, I was not only foolish, but that I would fall by the hand of the Arratan Khamgalach.
“What’s Arra –whatdjamacallit?”
“The Beast Keeper.”
“I haven’t a clue what you mean.”
“You’re the beast-keeper.”
This woman was creeping me out. I stepped back, hands raised. “You know, maybe you had too much Ayahusca that day? Maybe you saw or heard things that were just hallucinations. You need to sort your shit out with Zeke and leave me the hell out of your problems.”
“It was said you’d be the cause of my death.” She stepped closer. “Your existence would extinguish mine.”
I scoffed nervously. “And you believed him? Seriously? How could you buy into that bull shit?”
“It was the same Kahinan who announced the fall of the Iron Curtain, the era of the dark-skinned president and the orange-faced fool that would follow in his footsteps. So yeah, I certainly did believe it, especially the part that mentions black fluid flows in the witch’s veins.”
I couldn’t help but swallow hard. This girl was bat shit crazy. “Listen I’m just a low level alchemist witch. And I’m pretty sure my blood is red, so that right there’s a strike against your shaman or khanan or whatever he is.”
“Shut up!” Her face turned an ugly shade of red as she bared teeth that were not human; ultimately demonstrating that the laid-back, peace-and-love image she exuded was completely phoney. How had Zeke not seen this? How had he not known she didn’t handle his getting the Opilio job too well?
She was teetering close to the loony bin edge and I was certain that if I entered Snake Bite, I was not coming out alive. I casually slipped my hands into my jacket pocket and let the powdered ink coat my skin. I mouthed an incantation for speed then swiftly grabbed a fistful of her hair in both hands while slamming her face on my knee. Her eyes registered shock just as blood spurted from her nose. I helped her unconscious form slide to the ground then ran like the devil himself was right on my tail.
Keeping to the side streets, I forced myself to slow down, ensuring my pace mirrored that of the leisurely shoppers milling about. Discreetly, I checked at frequent intervals that I wasn’t being tailed, all the while maintaining an allure of calm to hide the terror I was feeling inside. Strolling into a park, I spotted a few unoccupied benches and ambled over to the furthest one.
I’d put my phone on mute, but had felt it vibrate incessantly. Once seated, I pulled it from my pocket and checked the screen. Zeke had called and texted countless times, the scale of worry increasing with each unanswered message. Then the tone changed slightly. Katy seemed to have made her way back to him and was touting her victimization at my hand. It sounded from the questions that Zeke was on the fence. Maybe it was my imagination, but I felt he was leaning ever so slightly, maybe even unknowingly, toward team Katy. After all his apologies last night, this just hurt like a punch to the gut.
But what did I expect? She was his family, so naturally he’d believe her. If it had been Parsons who showed up saying Zeke beat him, I’d believe the custodian in a heartbeat. My phone chirped again, but I ignored it. He’d probably already asked Shay to track me down.
Shaking my head despondently, I pulled my knees up to my chin and asked the Goddess for help.
My phone rang once more. The R&B tone told me it was Jimmy and I answered immediately.
“You okay, Peaches?” She asked compassionately. “Tell me where you is an’ I’ll come….alone.”
I gave my whereabouts to the one person I hoped would be an ally right now. Seconds later, Jimmy appeared by my side. She was looking a lot better and rather elegant in purple sequins. Plus, she had relinquished her hold on the warlock’s head.
“Hey Jimmy,” I nodded while trying to keep up the cool and in control charade. “You look great.”
She leaned to the side with a diva like motion and smiled. “Cause my mojo’s back, Jack.”
“Glad to hear that,” I said with a high five. “You’re the bomb, Jimmy.”
“Oh Sugar,” she closed her eyes bashfully. “You’re a blast yourself,” she chuckled. “Now, Zeke’s on his way here. He pitched a hissy fit with a tail on it at Katy because was bitchin’ and spittin’ fire about you breaking her nose. Of course he’s got it all hidden behind that mask he wears. But, somehow, it slides right off when it comes to you.”
“It does? Why?”
“I’d say because you’ve got some real estate set up in his heart.”
I blinked in surprise several times. “I think you’re mistaken.”
“That’s fine, child, you’ll see soon enough. So, what you wanna do?”
“I don’t want you to feel you’re betraying Zeke, but I need a safe place to hide out until I can gather my thoughts.” Tires screeched to a halt at the park entrance. I recognized the black muscle car. “Like, this minute, if you can.”
“No puking, now,” She smiled, took my hand and disapparated us both away just as Zeke, Shay and Jonah advanced on the bench. Zeke calling my name, somewhat pleadingly, echoed in the air as we landed in a place I didn’t recognize.
“Yep, he sounds pretty upset alright.” I stumbled to stay upright.
“There’s a lot of worry and other stuff goin’ on,” Jimmy countered softly. “He walked away from all the tribal leaders to deal with Katy.” She held my arm until I regained my balance. “Now, this is The Void -for Jinns and special guests only,” she smiled. “Lemme fix this place up while we wait for cool heads to prevail.”
The Void suddenly resembled a beach-side villa with white cushioned lounge furniture, flowing curtains and an ocean view to die for. “Wow!” I gasped, “This is incredible. Is it real?”
“It’s as real as you and me.” She conjured up colourful cocktails complete with paper umbrellas and an array of food. “Now, consider this a chill time while I go and see Zeke and tell him you’re safe.”
Jimmy disappeared leaving me to think through everything that just happened. Katy’s viciousness certainly was a huge surprise. I mean it was the polar opposite from the loving, caring person she portrayed. Plus it was hard to believe she was involved with Cato. I wondered when that had started. What did she gain, or what did he gain by being with her? She was furious that Zeke became an Opilio, but that was centuries ago, so I didn’t understand why it took her so long to manifest her anger. Nothing was clear, except I was caught in the cross fire.
The solution to the issue was to stay far away from all of them and let them sort out their own problems. I’d send a message to Zeke saying, now that Jimmy was free, our contract could be terminated. I’d honour my debt to him and work out a payment plan.
I spent a few minutes pacing, while imagining potential problems with ending the contract, then I thought, screw it. I was in the Void and away from the drama. I had a fantastic view, along with some booze and good food. I was going to chill like Jimmy said and see what happened. Slipping onto the lounge chair, I picked up a drink and sipped on cold creamy pineapple and rum.
Jimmy and Zeke arrived with the latter griping that he hadn’t sensed me in over an hour and something wasn’t right. “The Void?” He gasped. “She’s here in the Void?”
I was hidden from sight due to the angle of my chair. “Over here.” I raised my glass in the air.
“Alright you two,” Jimmy instructed, “hollah when you’ve sorted this out.”
“You should stay, Jimmy,” I called. “Chill.”
“The only thing chilly in here is the mood. I’d prefer the comfort of my bar, if you don’t mind. See y’all soon.”
After she left Zeke came into view, towering above me; his fingers splayed across his hips, feet apart. He wasn’t looking too happy, but it was more of a ‘where have you been’ kind of worry.
He went to say something, but I spoke first “If we’re going to talk, you might want to sit down. I’m not giving myself a crick in the neck.” There wasn’t an immediate response or movement. I let the moments slip by in silence and went back to sipping my drink.
Eventually he lowered into the chair beside me, but he was far from lounging. He sat on the edge, facing me, legs apart and his elbows resting on his thighs. “Are you hurt?”
Colour me surprised. I wasn’t expecting that, even if it did come out as a growl. “A few bruises,” I said deciding to be honest, “nothing more.”
“Did you attack Katy?”
I bit back the disappointment at him still thinking the worst of me. “Wrong question.” I guided the straw to my mouth and loudly slurped the last of the cocktail through the crushed ice.
“She said you viciously attacked her and ran away after knocking her unconscious. Her face is all busted up. I just can’t imagine you doing that.”
Selecting an amuse bouche from the platter, I popped it in my mouth and washed it down with a new cocktail – a citrus blend that was truly refreshing. “Yep, that was all me.”
He looked surprised for a few seconds then a few notches above livid. I’d say enraged would be more accurate. But when he spoke, he did calmly, very calmly. “So, why was it the wrong question?”
He was trying to maintain control and not bellowing like a bull despite me pushing all his buttons. I popped another bite-size canapé and chewed slowly to relish the symphony of flavours bursting across my mouth. “If you didn’t suspect me of any ill-doing you would’ve asked what happened. But, because there is a side to you that still suspects this ‘otherness’ in me is bad, you automatically assumed I instigated something with Katy.”
He shook his head in disagreement. “No, not true. I don’t know where you’re getting that from.”
“I’ve always told you the truth, but you keep second guessing me. That’s where I’m getting it from. I even took your Weirheid potion twice, which by the way was a major health hazard, and it’s still not enough for you.”
“That’s a discussion for another -”
“So yeah,” I continued, “if I were to gauge your true level of trust in me – both witch and other, I’d say it’s right about…” I placed my palm horizontally above my shoulder then lowered it in steps until it hovered above the ground. “There,” I feigned a smile. “That’s about right. Bottom of the barrel level.”
 “Jess,” he rumbled while fisting his hair. “Knock off the theatrics and tell me what happened.”
“What happened is, your sister dragged me through a long tunnel to Fern View Square, more specifically to Snake Bite, and was about to hand me over to Cato - who by the way is her lover – because she thinks my existence is a threat to hers. She’s also beyond mad that you became an Opilio when she was the one initially groomed for the role. As far as I know, that was a few centuries ago so, talk about harbouring a grudge. Anyhoo, I wasn’t about to be led to the slaughter, so I schlecked her with some ink powder, bibbity-bopped my knee on her nose then ran. And voilà, here we are.”
He grunted before looking out at the turquoise sea. I presumed his muffled snort was a sign of contemplation, or maybe it was confusion. I couldn’t tell what element of information perplexed him most.
“My sister’s behaviour toward you…well, it’s just…really difficult to imagine happening.”
I bit the inside of my cheek to stave off the snarky retort on the tip of my tongue. It stung that he didn’t immediately think I was innocent, but maybe it was easier to suspect me than deal with Katy’s deceit. As a shepherd to his people, treachery from someone as close as family had to cut deeply and right now, I could see he was hurting too. This whole thing had blindsided him. The least I could do was to stop playing games and be understanding.
I placed the cocktail on the tray beside me, then sat on the chair’s edge and faced him. “Look Zeke, I’m sure it’s hard reconciling Katy’s actions today with the person you’ve known all your life, but I swear, I never would have harmed her if I wasn’t in danger. When we left your office together, I thought I was going to her place. Not being served up to Cato. I never expected things to turn out the way they did. I did not instigate anything, but I won’t apologize for defending myself.”
He assessed me at length, to what end I had no idea. He was struggling, that was for sure, and there was tension in his jaw. Whatever he was going to say, I wasn’t going to like it.
“I had Katy vow to keep you safe. That’s not a promise that can be broken without consequences.” He glanced at the ocean momentarily. “Let’s just say that despite the damage you inflicted on her, she wouldn’t be looking too healthy right now if she’d gone against a sworn oath. So, Jess, I hope you can understand that’s why I’m having a pretty big problem believing you.”
If he’d punched me through the heart it might have hurt less than the outright accusation that I was a liar. My cheeks reddened with shame that was not mine to carry. I pushed down the knot building in my throat to fight back the tears. Pasting on a smile that was as phoney as Katy’s hippy look, I said lightly, “It’s a good job I’m not the sensitive type. I might think you’re calling me a bold-faced liar.”
I swung my legs back onto the lounge chair and picked up the unfinished cocktail. My face lifted to the warm tropical sun. Jimmy didn’t say exactly when she’d be back. Time was weird in the Void and I couldn’t tell how long it had been since she left. I prayed she’d pop back in right now and take me to a place where I’d never have to see him again.
“Jess, talk to me.” There was a hint of a plea in there and, for some reason, it irked me.
“And say what?” I kept my tone soft. My face tilted upwards, my eyes closed and I inhaled the salty air. “That you’re wrong? That I didn’t lie? It wouldn’t make a difference. That has already been said and you still don’t believe me. I can’t convince you I’m innocent. But, if my version of what happened doesn’t match Katy’s version then the onus is on you to find the truth of the matter. Repeating myself because you want me to, is futile.”
He remained silent for quite a while, which helped in dissolving the golf ball in my throat. In my mind, I started counting the waves breaking on the shore to wile away the time until Jimmy returned.
He cleared his voice before speaking. “This is hard because you’re both people who are very important to me.”
Five hundred and one. Five hundred and two. Five hundred and –
“Jess? Are you asleep?”
I threw him a sideways glance through one eye. “Not asleep.” Five hundred and three.
“You’re very good at ignoring people when you want.”
“I’m actually counting the seconds until Jimmy gets me out of here. I’m at five hundred and four. Can’t come fast enough.”
“You’re being truthful,” he mused.
“It has been known to happen.” I muttered dryly.
“So, tell me how can I fix this?”
I looked straight at him. “By leaving.”
He nodded and smiled. “You’re on a roll with this truth thing.”
“Funny, you can tell that now, but you couldn’t earlier.”
“Fair enough,” he conceded. “So, tell me, how would someone break an oath without suffering any damage?”
 And there it was, the first indication he suspected Katy wasn’t the victim here. For a relationship spanning centuries, this must be extremely hard. But he was trying….for me? “Well, the first thing I’d try and decipher,” I paused, wondering if I was about to make a bad situation worse.
“Is what?”
Ah screw it. It was already bad, so I’d just forge on. “Is, if the person would be open to hearing something they didn’t want to hear.”
Zeke plucked a cocktail from table. Miraculously, the thing was still chilled. He discarded the colourful decorations and took a long swig then looked at the glass appreciatively. Whatever flavour it was, he liked it. “I’m open.”
“The second thing I’d do is, have a shifter with exceptional tracking skills locate a unique herbal mixture capable of severing a vow without the other party’s knowledge.”
“Herbs?” Zeke’s voice echoed the doubt laced in his tone. I sent him a warning glance that he promptly understood. “Any idea what herbs this tracker should look for?”
“No, but it was worn around the neck and may have been spattered with blood. There could be a hint of my scent in there too from the forced proximity.”
He pinned me with his gaze. “Is there a third thing?”
My teeth pressed against my lower lip. His eyes lingered there until I spoke. “I would then examine that person’s whereabouts at the time of Bossman’s -”
“No!” He ground out in a hoarse whisper. “You can’t be serious.”
“Sam, Boa and -,”
“Don’t go there, Jess,” he growled.
“- Andy and his friend, Max’s death.”
He stood abruptly, swore loudly then turned away, rigid with anger.
“Time’s up Voiders.” Jimmy’s sing-song voice called out as she approached. “Hmmmm” she harrumphed at Zeke’s body language. “Whatever gotta be sorted out ain’t gonna happen here. Grab on y’all. Let’s go.”
Jimmy squeezed my hand consolingly as Zeke reached out and held hers. “Where to?” She asked.
“Birch Grove,” he replied grimly.
“Hell,” I responded at the same time.
We were deposited at the entrance to the Brownstone and Zeke immediately walked away. “You okay, Peaches?” Jimmy asked, rubbing her thumb across my hand, her eyes reflecting so much compassion it almost broke the dam of tears I was holding back.
“I’m trying to show him Katy is a prime suspect.”
Jimmy’s hand went to her neck. “Oh, I’m sure that went down well.”
“Like the Titanic.”
“Why don’t you come stay with me tonight? Just get some head space. I can text Zeke and let him know where we’re at.”
She didn’t know it, but Jimmy had thrown me a lifeline. “I don’t want to be the third wheel with you and Jax.”
“He’s on nights this week, so it’ll be just us girls.”
Before she could say another word, I threw my arms around her and hugged her tight. “Thanks Jimmy. It’s exactly what I needed.”
She smiled and held me at arm’s length. “What you need is some food in you girl. Y’all just bony and there ain’t nothing to hold onto. Know what I’m saying?”
“Something tells me food will abound.”
“And then some.”
I laughed despite everything and with a pronounced tilt, we disapparated.
Jimmy’s place could best be described as Victorian England meets Pignon Sur Rue. Space was minimal but not suffocating. Sombre Victorian tableaus and fine bone china tea-sets blended with flamboyant coloured cushions, divans and lamp shades. High Cathedral ceilings arched high above us and thriving ferns on pedestals sat beneath illustrious chandeliers. I could feel, in the depths of this expression, a sanctuary where the scent of plants and luxurious ruffled materials expressed the lovely and unique tastes of a lovely and unique woman.
“Jimmy,” I gasped, “your home is absolutely amazing.”
“It’s alright,” she shrugged but the pride in her place shone through. “C’mon, I’ll fix us something to eat.”
“I’m more a ‘Mac and cheese TV. dinner’ kind of girl - not a porcelain cups and pinkie’s in the air type.”
“Mac and cheese it is” Jimmy said with a snap of her fingers and a feast of comfort food appeared on the bistro table for two. “Dig in, cause after that I got a line up of chick flicks, chick fil A and Boom-Chicka-Pop.”
The meal was delicious, copious and comforting. “I have a firm case of food baby,” I laughed softly while eyeing my full belly. “I’m so stuffed, I can’t move.”
 “That’s my cue for movie and pj time, girl.”
 “While you set up, I’m going to just stop by the lab-office upstairs. There’s something I need to get.”
“Okay, just don’t tell me you don’t have room left for dark chocolate popcorn ‘cause I ain’t listening.”
 It didn’t take long to get a change of clothes and remnant stuff. Thankfully, Shay and Jonah didn’t empty everything when they moved my things. In fact, my things were scattered between, the lab-office, Zeke’s guest room and the Brownstone. I looked forward to the day that I had a place to call my own. After stuffing the last outfit left into a tote, I rejoined Jimmy.
“Now before movie night starts,” Jimmy said, after we decided on the film, Mystic Pizza, “Tell me what happened after you left Zeke’s office. I want the whole nasty-nasty.”
While munching on puffy kernels of chocolate popcorn, I told Jimmy everything about Katy’s attack, her relationship to Cato and the broken oath to Zeke. I’d recounted everything rationally, and emotionally, but afterward, I felt empty inside. “Just before you showed up in the Void, I’d suggested he check Katy’s alibi for each person murdered.”
Jimmy shook her head, “So that’s why he looked like he swallowed a bucket of bad mudbugs.”
“She’s family, he’s loyal to her. I get it. Blood is thicker than water and all that, but if he won’t even consider the possibility that she may be implicated then I might as well march on down to the jail and lock myself up. Without proof that someone other than me is behind these crimes, I’ll be charged. Five deaths is an immediate execution.” If I used Semyon’s potion, it would probably kill me even before the truth could be told.
“What about the Abyss elixir? Zeke said the tri-colour mist thingy showed up in your truck and even on your neck. Shouldn’t that absolve you?”
“Without proof they could say I did that to myself.”
Jimmy blew out a loud breath in disbelief. “Girl, you can’t pluck your own eye brows without acting like you’s giving birth, so no way do I believe you could jab a needle in your own neck, much less kill someone.”
“I wish everyone believed that. Life would be a lot easier.” My thoughts felt jumbled and chaotic, like trying to find a clear path in a maze of stone walls. I felt anxious, as if there was no way to break free of this labyrinth I was in. I took a deep breath to control the discomfort and focused on redirecting that energy into something concrete. “I need to take notes.”
She conjured up a pen and note pad. “Get whatever’s on your mind down on paper and start trying to make sense of this.” She glanced at the door as if someone was listening. “But this stays between you and me.”
I blinked in surprise. “You’d help me? Even though Zeke might not like that?”
“Peaches,” she said cupping my chin, “my soul would be tied to the devil himself if it wasn’t for you, so hell yeah, I’ll help you.”
“Thanks, Jimmy,” fat drops of tears fell on my cheeks, “for believing in me.”
“Hush now,” she soothed. “You’re looking sadder than a one car funeral.”
I couldn’t help but chuckle and opened up the notepad. “Where do I start?”
“At the beginning. With Bossman’s death?”
“No,” I shook my head. “Before that.”
“But everything started the evening you went to Bossman’s place.”
“Right, but who knew I’d be there?”
“Meat, Boa and Bossman. But they’re all dead.” Then it dawned on her. “Oh, but that was before you found out Katy was bumping her bits with Cato.” Her nose turned up in a disgusted grin. “There are no words for the image that’s in my head right now. That woman must be desperate for something from him ‘cause he’s uglier than ten days of rain.”
“Cato knew I’d be there because Bossman told him, and because Cato’s dating Katy, she knew I’d be there too.” I jotted the information in the journal.
 “How come we never thought of this?” Jimmy asked as she pressed a long acrylic nail with a yin-yang design in the centre to her lips.
“Too many puzzle pieces missing?” I shrugged. “Nobody could ever connect Cato and Katy as a couple. And she’s Zeke’s sister, so who’d suspect an elite member of The Yards and a crime lord would be together?”
“Plus her job’s making her look like she be Mother Teresa.”
Even if Zeke questioned Katy’s whereabouts, it would still be my word against hers. I couldn’t see the Magistrar believing me over a beloved and powerful pillar of the community. “Katy told me her shaman predicted I’d be the one to end her life. She said something like I’d extinguish her because I was the beast-keeper, but she gave it some other name with gurgling sounds. It was weird.” The pronunciation I attempted came across more like a gargle.
“Sure sounds like it. What else did she say?”
“That ink flowed through my veins.” I noted this on the page.
“Hmmmm…..” Jimmy murmured. “So she comes back after getting the 411 from her priest, or whatever he is, and sets out to find this beast-keeper/veiny ink person?”
“Apparently. But why does she think it’s me?” I interjected, “And how did she know where I lived? How did she find me?”
“Not a clue.”
I sighed deeply. “I feel there’s no way out of this. I feel invisible eyes are watching my every move and I’m helpless to do anything.”
“You’re not helpless, Peaches. You’re investigating. And you’ll see, we’ll be celebrating your innocence, real soon.” She smirked playfully. “although, if you rolling in the hay with Zeke, they ain’t gonna be none of that innocence left.” She placed a hand to her chest, her shoulders shaking in silent laughter. “I’d bet my last dollar that man be a beast in the bed-room.”
“A beast..….. I mused. “Keeping the beast?….a beast-keeper? Could all this have something to do with Zeke and me….”
Jimmy snapped her fingers. “We’re onto something. I can feel it!” Jimmy had a eureka moment. “Oh! Maybe your tamin’ his ass in the bedroom….”
“We’ve kissed that’s all.”
“For now.”
“Back to how Katy found me,” I said, redirecting the attention away from what my connection to Zeke could mean. I wasn’t willing to touch that with a forty-foot pole.
“Yes, you’re right.” She placed an elegant index finger against her chin. “So before Bossman’s death had you ever met Katy?”
“She’s so famous and unique, not to mention, really striking. I wouldn’t have forgotten an encounter, if we’d had one - unless I didn’t see her in her true form because she’d glamoured herself?”
“That woman could’ve uglied herself up so much, she’d a chased a buzzard off a shit pile.”
“That’s true,” I thought as my shoulders slumped. “She could’ve been Bigfoot and I wouldn’t have known.”
“Why?” Jimmy frowned. “You seen Bigfoot?” A cushion flew from my hand to her. She caught it deftly and laughed.
“No, I think the glamoured up Katy would’ve behaved differently.” I tried to recall meeting someone whose behaviour felt off. Would she have talked with me? Asked me unusual questions? I scrambled to filter through a blur of parties, acquaintances and clients, but all I saw were a sea of faces, none one of whom I recognized. “I’m not getting anything.” My head shook despondently. “Sorry. I have no idea why this is so hard.”
She placed her arm around my shoulder and hugged me to her side. When Jimmy hugged you, it was like lying against a fluffy cloud of softness and security. It wasn’t a human connection, but an ethereal one. And right now, I basked in it like a pig in muck.
An idea came to mind. “Maybe I can try and find a spell to jog my memory? That’d mean going back to the treasury. I probably wouldn’t be allowed have the spell I’d need.”
“Forget the treasury. I got a better idea.” She titled my chin up so our eyes met. “You trust me, Peaches?”
“Well, yeah. Absolutely. Why?”
“Because, I’m going into your mind. Just for a little look-see.”
“That’s actually not a bad idea. Checking my memories might give us some answers.”
“I promise I won’t do anything, if it makes you feel uncomfortable.”
“Are you going to see…private things?”
“I’ll steer clear as much as possible, but if I unintentionally see something, I swear never to speak of it. Anyway, you’ll see what I see.”
“Then go for it.”
 Jimmy’s hands pressed lightly against my temples.
Suddenly a familiar feeling of being cut off from everything surrounded me and I was cocooned in an orb of silence. I saw myself through Jimmy’s eyes. Appearance wise, I was faring a bit better than the last time we did this. The dark circles were gone, but I could do with putting on a few pounds. And then I was on a train of sorts, passing rapidly through events without stopping. There were numerous parties, clubs, bars and restaurants that I had frequented - all racing by with amazing swiftness. Despite the pace, there was a filter between everyday encounters, like interacting with supermarket clerks, coffee shop baristas and other people, versus one on one conversations that were more personal. I noted a mix of men and women chatting with me about different things that led to asking for my phone number, my email, or where my ink was sold. Some guys wanted to meet up for drinks or dinner - others wanted a tattooist to use my ink: none of them seemed out of the ordinary.
Jimmy filtered even more, searching for conversations with people who wanted information only on ink. I still encountered many people, but the level of inquisitiveness varied. Some were merely curious, while others probed a bit deeper. I recognized them as people who were researching my ink-making to have extensive body work done. Their questions were legitimate. I was about to tell Jimmy this wasn’t working out when something caught my attention.
“Jess, hone in on that,” Jimmy said excitedly.
I was travelling from the Kesona Peak District to Bayside and a young girl in her mid teens shared the same seating section. She was a pretty blonde with green eyes and seemed shy. Her clothing brands were expensive, as was the trendy haircut and designer bag she placed on the table between us. She came from a privileged background, but it hadn’t seemed to have made her entitled. I registered that she wasn’t human, but I couldn’t tell what kind of Otherworlder she was.
We did that exchange of looks and polite smiles people do when they have to share the same space. For a long time neither of us spoke until she huffed exasperatedly. Her phone had died and wasn’t recharging. We had the same cell model and she asked if I had a charger she could borrow. In retrospect that was her ‘in” to talk. I handed over my charger and we began chatting. Her name was Rina. I told her I was Jess.
About an hour in to the journey, a few rowdy teenagers boarded at one of the stops. They sat in the section opposite ours. One male, the leader, kept eyeing Rina. She became more nervous and didn’t appear to appreciate the attention. I scented wolf off the guy.
“What stop are you getting off at?” Rina worried her bottom lip.
“Last stop,” I smiled. “Bayside.” I caught her stealing a glance at the group who were laughing raucously. The wolf kept his eyes trained on her. “You?” I asked.
“The one before, Hovey Falls.”
“Got someone meeting you?”
“Yeah, my dad.” She didn’t sound too enthusiastic about that, but then again it could be a teenage angst thing.
“Hey, wanna come sit with us?” The wolf stood tall, cool and confident. He smiled at Rina like she was the morning sun. “We’re headed to Hovey Falls too.”
Her cheeks went a bright shade of red and she shook her head before turning to look out the window.
“C’mon, it’ll be fun. You can make new friends.”
Rina glanced pleadingly at me and my protective urges went full throttle. “Hey kid, looks like you’ve enough friends. Why don’t you go on back to them?”
He wasn’t too happy about being refused and sat beside Rina uninvited. I reached into my pocket and discreetly dabbed my fingers in powdered ink. “Why don’t we let her answer for herself?”
“Last chance, kid. Go sit down in your own seat and talk with your friends while you still can.” Rina’s eyes widened as they fell to the black dust coating my fingers.
He leaned forward angrily “I don’t take orders from witches!”
“You do now,” I smiled. “Mutus,” I whispered then blew ink particles onto his face. I saw the instant he registered something had changed and fear made his eyes widen. I grabbed his hand to see the pack brand he wore near his wrist. “Red Furs? Huh. I know your Alpha, Seb Gravestone. He’s an honourable man. Don’t think he’d take too kindly to the way his pups are behaving. Now, you’ve got about an hour before your tongue can start wagging again, so I suggest you find another carriage and sit it out. Understand?” He nodded once, albeit reluctantly. “Good boy. Now, before you leave you’re going to nod an apology to my friend here. If you ever see her again, you’re going to walk the other way, Right?” He nodded several times to me, then turned, nodded to Rina and scampered off with his metaphorical tail between his legs.
After his cohorts followed in his wake asking a myriad of questions, Rina leaned forward and beamed a wide smile. “Oh my god! Jess, that was amazing. What are you? What was that thing you did with the dirt? I’ve never seen anything like it before. It was badass.” She covered her mouth shyly as if she’d be caught cussing.
“I’m a witch – alchemist. I just used a spell with some ink powder – that’s all. You? You’re not wolf that’s for sure.”
We both laughed and she nodded her agreement. “I’ve a little Fey blood, that’s all.”
“I’d say you’ve more than a little. Wolves and vamps go nuts for all things Fey. No wonder the pup got all up in your business.”
We both laughed at that and spent the rest of the journey exchanging information on ourselves. By the time Jimmy pulled me from the memory, I was groaning in dismay at my stupidity. “Why in blazes did I divulge so much about myself?”
“Two things, Jimmy said none too pleased, “that kid expertly grilled you for information and you sang like a canary, so it had to have been a spell of some kind.”
“What’s the second thing?”
“Rina is Croatian for Katy.”
“Ah fffffffuck!”
“Yep. I think she had a helluva a glamouring spell covering her ‘cause she managed not only to hide her true identity but to mask the depth of her Otherness.”
“What is her kind anyway? Is it the same as Zeke’s?”
“It’s the same, but I can’t say what, ‘cause he’ll do that in his own time, I would imagine. My question is how did she find you? The beast-keeper person her shaman spoke of could’ve been living in Timbuktu.”
“My guess is she’s been searching for me for a long time and used everything possible to track me down. She certainly has the means and the time.” I looked down at my notes. I’d filled a few pages. “It still doesn’t provide proof of Katy’s involvement.”
“No it doesn’t,” Jimmy commiserated.
“You know what? That trip to Kesona was in October of last year. Bossman’s tattoo was in January. I’d bet anything Katy started getting chummy with Cato between October and January.”
“To what end?”
“Maybe she wanted to test the waters and see how she could draw me in. Getting Bossman out of the way enabled Cato to take control. She not only got to influence Cato, but she got to see the impact Bossman’s death had on me. She wanted to destroy my life.”
“Why?”
“To keep me away from Zeke?”
“That makes no sense, girl because, if - and it’s a big ‘if – that was her plan then it totally backfired because it did the opposite. Plus, why keep killing? She could’ve taken you out on the train.”
I scratched my head. “You’re right. Nothing makes sense. I don’t know what her motivations are, but we can’t deny, everything points to her as the culprit.”
“But why start with Bossman?”
“Cato wanted Bossman gone? Katy somehow found out, struck a deal with him, killed Bossman and got to implicate me at the same time? But then what about the other victims? What was the motive for Sam’s murder? I heard they haven’t been able to establish much of anything except how he died.” ” I caught Jimmy looked upwards as if to avoid crying. “I’m so sorry, Jimmy.”
“Go on, s’okay, Peaches. He’s part of this and we can honour him by finding out who hurt him.”
“Maybe Sam was just in the wrong place at the wrong time?”
Jimmy dabbed the corner of her eyes with a linen handkerchief. “And what of Boa the bodyguard?” she sniffled.
“Maybe he suspected Katy and threatened her? Or, maybe Katy wanted Cato to sic Boa on me, but then Boa realized it was Katy who was running the show not Cato. He confronts her and she kills him.”
“Okay,” Jimmy added pensively. “But why murder Andy and Max? They’re human and got nothing to do with The Yards or Bordertown.”
“I guess to ensure I was executed for their deaths? But she could’ve taken me out at any time, so why hurt others?” I put down the pen. “If I could confirm when she started dating Cato, it would be a starting point.”
“I know Mel the bouncer used to date Boa’s girlfriend. Maybe he can go and see how she’s doing since Boa’s demise and if she’s up for a chat?”
“That’d be awesome, Jimmy.”
“Alright then. Now, let’s get this movie started.”
“Great! I haven’t seen this one in ages.” I dozed off half-way through.
I may have fallen asleep on Jimmy’s couch but I woke up in the penthouse - more specifically in Zeke’s bed. I was alone and wearing the same pj’s, but the sheets were still warm on his side telling me I’d had some company during the night.
How did I feel about that? Given the great night’s sleep and general well-being, my body wasn’t protesting too much. My heart was another story. I made my way to the bathroom did my business then returned to the bedroom to find Zeke sitting on the edge of the bed.
“You usually take unconscious women to spend the night with you?”
“Only ones who O.D. on chocolate popcorn and old rom-coms.”
I worked hard to suppress my smile. “Why didn’t you put me in the guest room?”
“I wanted to be close to you.”
Okay…wasn’t expecting that. “Funny, I didn’t get that feeling in The Void.” I was about to deliver the ‘three-strikes-you’re-out news.’ We had reached the terminus of our relationship, whatever it was.
“I’ve been fighting….so many things,” he said rubbing a hand through his hair, his pain palpable.
“Things…?”
He stared for a long moment into space. Wherever his mind wandered to, it was foggy and full of uncertainties. A part of me wanted to console him, wrap my arms around his strong muscular frame and ease his anguish, which made no sense given his attitude toward me.
“There are people in my life that I trust implicitly. Few, yes, but to even contemplate that any of them betrayed me is not something I find easy.”
His hand reached out, pulling me between his widened legs, as his hands cupped the back of my thighs. “I want to disregard all of this, but….” his weary head rested against my stomach. “….but then all I see is your beautiful face asking me to believe you, to trust you and centuries of connections and everything I believe in are brought in to question.”
I found it hard to keep my hands from passing through his loose hair, offering him comfort when my own life was in a shambles. Why should I care about his misery? I’ve had enough of my own to contend with. I’d watched him suspect me of every death, keeping me desperate to prove my innocence, to the point that I was ready to risk my life on a truth-questing potion. Logically, I knew it was because he was protecting his flock and those dear to him, but it still pierced me. Yet, despite all that, I couldn’t help but lay my hands on his head to offer him support because deep down, I knew he had accepted Katy’s guilt and was processing the pain of betrayal. That simple gesture conveyed all that I couldn’t express. His arms encircled me tightly, and I melted against him and watched the world vanish, as we sheltered from the chaos around us.
We stayed holding each other for a long moment until I gently extracted myself from his hold and moved back, our hands still joined “Talk to me, Zeke.”
His head lowered fleetingly. “I asked Shay to track the herbs.”
“From your reaction, I’d say he found them.”
“Yeah,” he sighed heavily, “he did.”
“They were in Katy’s possession?”
He looked away before responding. “There were traces of it on a blouse, the one she wore when she left with you.” He walked to the window, leaning casually against the frame, but I doubted he took in the view.
“Let me guess, you found it on something of mine.” He didn’t say anything, but his silence was answer enough. I can’t say I was surprised. “Did Shay pick up Katy’s scent wherever the herbs were placed?”
“He did.”
I guess that was the moment he realized Katy had tried to pin it all on me. “And this led you to the ‘things’ you’re fighting?”
“There may be something else.” He walked back toward me stopping mere inches from me. “You said Katy mentioned a shaman. What were her exact words?”
“Her exact words? Some of them weren’t even English. I’m not sure I could pronounce them correctly.”
“Try, Jess, please. I’ll see if it rings familiar.”
With a shrug that conveyed I didn’t think this would work, I recounted the conversation. “She told me she’d been groomed all her life to be the Opilio, but that during the rite, you were chosen. The person who conducted the ceremony, a shaman….no, it was a Conman?”
“A Kahinan. It’s our version of a priest.”
“That’s it. Well, he said she was to assist you in your new role. I don’t think she viewed your lifestyle as Opilio-worthy and said as much to the priest. Katy might have said she’d be an Opilio herself some day.”
“What did the Kahinan say?”
“He told her she didn’t fit the profile and she’d fall at the hand of a….there’s no way I can pronounce the words, but she translated them to Beast-Keeper.”
“Arratan Khamgalach?”
“Sounds about right. She said I was this Beast Keeper and I’d kill her.”
His expression changed from listening intently to displeasure. “Those were the words she said precisely? You would kill her?”
“Uhm…that’d I’d cause her death. Same thing, no?”
“Definitely not.” He seemed relieved for some reason. “Go on.”
 “She said this priest was legit because he predicted major world events.” Zeke was about to speak when I raised my index finger. “Oh, one last thing. She said, that he said, black fluid flows in the witch’s veins.”
“Right. Get dressed. You’re coming with me.”
“What? Where to?”
“To see the Kahinan.”
“He’s still alive?”
“Very much so.”
“How we will get there?”
“Jimmy,” he replied, texting rapidly on his phone.
More Jimmy travel? You’d think I’d be used to it by now, but I wasn’t. Was this Kahinan guy so far that we couldn’t drive there?
“It’s not that far,” he added with a wry smile, while he continued to text at tremendous speed.
A quick knock sounded at the door. “Come in, Jimmy,” he called while putting his phone away.
“Y’all are ready?” She chirped happily. Her burgundy sequined dress with a plunging neckline was stunning. Her aura shone with happiness. Clearly, severing the link with the warlock had given her a whole new lease on life. “And hold in your guts ‘cause this is gonna be a long distance haul.”
My head jerked to Zeke. “Not that far?”
She grabbed my hand while Zeke wrapped his arm tightly around my waist. I contained the wild squeal welling in my throat as we exited with dizzying speed.
Chapter 13
My feet touched down telling me we’d landed, but for the life of me, I couldn’t tell where. My head was spinning faster than a Tasmanian devil.
“Hold onto her,” Jimmy’s voice echoed, “S’like she downed a bottle of Fey-Time.”
“I got her.” Zeke lifted me off my feet. “Thanks, Jimmy.”
“Call for me, so I can get y’all back safely.”
A gust of wind lifted my hair indicating Jimmy’s departure. Zeke held me closer still, pressing his nose against my neck. His breath warmed my skin sending tingles of fire over my body. “It will pass, Jess. Just another minute.”
I tried focusing on his eyes while doing my best to keep my head from lolling to the side. “Not so sure about that.”
The corner of his mouth upturned in a suppressed smile. “Let me help.”
His lips covered mine, not in a kiss, but to exhale his breath into me. Cool, minty air passed over my tongue, snaked into my throat and down into my lungs. Whatever magic was contained within, it was an antidote to the dizziness. The world tilted upright and I could, once again, see correctly.
“Wow, that’s great, thanks.”
He set me down, keeping me against him for a long moment while his thumb brushed across my cheek. He smiled with pressed lips. “Yeah, it sure was.”
I stepped back a little. “So where are we?” The deserted alley was clean, despite some graffiti, and the cracked concrete was wet, as if it had just stopped raining. A cacophony of traffic and construction sounded in the distance.
He pulled away, but kept his hand around mine, tugging me gently toward the street. The distance he created meant I couldn’t feel his body heat anymore and I became aware of the bitterly cold wind whipping about us.
“Montreal. There has to be at least one Kahinan for each Opilio. As I’m the only Opilio in North America, this Kahinan is also the only one, but we very rarely meet.”
“He’s not a fan of The Yards?”
He glanced over his shoulder and gave that curved lip smile. “I suppose not.”
He didn’t elaborate, so I decided to let that go for the moment. We rounded a corner onto Rue Mentana then walked a few minutes more until we reached Boulevard St-Joseph. The cold wind bit at my skin as my breath formed foggy puffs. Upturning the collar of my jacket, I held it around my neck for warmth. There was no snow on the ground, but the trees were bare and spring seemed to be taking her time blossoming.
“In here,” Zeke gestured, as we neared the entrance to a red-brick building with a large arched window dominating the façade. A white stone cross was centred at the tip of the arch. My eyes trailed down to a wooden sign planted in dead grass; the strange, gold calligraphy read, ‘The Sign of the Theotokos Orthodox church.’
“The Kahinan is Greek Orthodox?” Was Zeke Greek? He’d never shown an affiliation to any religion or culture in particular. But what did I know? The man had scoured almost every inch of my life, but I knew practically nothing about him.
“I’ll explain on the way back. For now, just follow my lead. If you’re asked any questions, give yes or no answers.”
I didn’t like the sound of that and suddenly felt the need to have a stash of ink on me. “You could’ve told me. I would’ve brought ink.”
He pressed an index finger to his lips then murmured, “That’s the last thing you need on you.”
My gut didn’t agree. I’d grab the first pen I found in this place. He pressed his palm below the ornate handle then spoke a word I couldn’t understand. After an audible click, he pulled open one of the arched double doors and ushered me inside.
The warm air of the vestibule had me sighing softly, which caught his attention. “You’re cold.”
His statement was followed with a frown of concern, but I ignored it, having a more pressing question of my own. “Are we breaking and entering?”
“Nothing’s broken,” he replied with a wry grin then pulled off his jacket and wrapped it across my shoulders. It held his warmth and delicious scent and the temptation to press the soft leather to my nose and inhale deeply was strong. But I refrained because now wasn’t the time to be planting my nose on his clothes.
When I smiled he seemed pleased because he assumed I was heating up. I was, but the real reason behind my smile was the weight of a pen in the breast pocket pressing against my arm. “Better?”
“Much. Thanks.”
“Okay, good. Stay close,” he advised as he led the way. I slipped the pen into my bra, laying it horizontally under my breasts.
The nave had some pews on either side of a red carpeted central isle, but the remainder of the space was open and peppered with pulpits. Pews faced an elongated tri-arched window which offered heavenly-like luminosity onto the altar area. Winged throne-like chairs flanked the sanctuary. The white ceiling held wide beams of dark wood, from which hung several chandeliers in the form of glass candles. I couldn’t say I’d been in more than a handful of churches in my lifetime, but they all held the same odour of incense and furniture polish.
“So, how did you know he’d be here?”
The distinct sound of a gun cocking had me freeze on the spot. Zeke pushed me behind him so fast, I barely registered the movement. Peering around his massive frame, my eyes were drawn to a statuesque woman with black hair tied up in a high ponytail, cunning kohl eyes, flawless tan skin and a scowl that would make you pray to your creator for help. Dressed in a black form fitting jacket and pants with daggers strapped around her shapely thighs, she looked like a special ops badass. Heavy combat boots completed the paramilitary ensemble along with the handgun aimed in our direction. If someone shouted “CUT” I would have believed we’d walked onto the set of an action movie and met the star of the show.
“At ease,” Zeke said cool as you like, but given the grip on my arm, he was far from calm.
“Opilio,” she replied curtly then glanced toward a door to her right while holstering the gun. “Bad timing.”
“What you got cooking?” he asked casually, but pressed his hand against my hip to stop me from standing beside him.
A loud bang drew her attention toward the door again. “Nothing that concerns you. Now, be on your way.”
 “I have business with my Kahinan.”
A loud crash sounded and the woman sprinted away. “Stay here,” Zeke warned me before following hot on her heels.
When they were out of sight, I pushed the jacket’s long sleeves up past my elbows then pulled the pen from my bra. Cracking it open, I deftly covered my palms in black ink and raised them upward allowing the liquid to trickle along my forearms. I cast a quick spell of protection then ran to join the others.
Following the sounds of furniture breaking, metal clanging and orders being hollered, I ran down a tiled hall behind the altar area and burst through the door with the resounding racket. Several things happened at once. A dark undulating shape came at me like a flying squirrel, only it was the size of a large dog and weighed about the same. As the heavy mass pushed me to the floor, wild snapping teeth were poised to mangle my face. Gripping its heavy jowls with my inked palms, I could feel the spell working. The ink was enrobing the creature with a cocoon-like substance, but it wasn’t fast enough to prevent its hind paws from ripping the skin on my thighs. Though its front paws weighed heavily on my chest, I breathlessly cast another spell to accelerate the previous one. The cocoon gobbled up the creature in mere seconds. With the demon safely insulated, I gazed at Zeke and the woman fighting off several of the same demon dogs.
Scanning the room that was used to store religious objects as well as office supplies, I spotted a box of pens to my right. Reaching across, I snapped open several, pooled the ink in my palms then dove into the melee. Zeke shouted something at me, but I ignored him as I cast the cocoon spell on each of the demon-like hounds I touched. There were so many, I wasn’t sure where they were coming from, but I kept going until Zeke’s strong arms latched around my waist and lifted me off the ground, pulling me closer to the door.
Breathless and dripping with sweat, I noticed dozens of fluffy cocoons lay strewn across the floor along with dog parts that had been ripped apart. He put me down then spun me around to face him and I noted he was worried but proud at the same time. “You okay?”
His face and arms were covered in cuts. He was breathless and had worked up a sweat too. “Yeah, you?”
“Good.”
I glanced over my shoulder. “What were those things?”
“Shayatins.” He lifted the hem of his t-shirt and rubbed his face giving me a nice view. “Demons.”
“How did they find a way to cross into our realm?”
“Not sure. But someone definitely brought them over.”
 If I was a betting woman, I’d say some sorority girls accidentally summoned them while sozzled on chardonnay. Just then a thought occurred to me. “Hey where did that girl go –Lara Croft or whatever her name is?” Had she high tailed it out of here and left us to handle the beasts alone? If so, that special ops gear was a joke.
“You put her in a cocoon.” I heard the smile in his voice.
I did! Ooops! “Right…ahhm…which one?” Several shots came from an encasement in the far corner, but didn’t pierce the shell. “I’ll just undo that one then,” I said sheepishly.
“We need to be ready in case there’s one in there with her.” He followed beside me. “On the count of three?”
I always found that particular system so confusing because it was never clear if I actually made a move while ‘three’ was being pronounced or after. Any time I tried to clarify it beforehand, it still went awry. While I placed my hand on the shell, Zeke pronounced “one.”
 I uttered “Conliquefacio,” to dissolve the spell and the woman had the gun cocked and pressed against my forehead with inhumanly fast speed.
I silently raised my palms in the universal sign of surrender.
Zeke snatched the weapon from the woman and tucked it into the back of his jeans. “Jess, we need to work on our counting.”
“Give that back!” Croft barked.
“Enough! Stand down,” he ordered.
Tension remained high for a moment until she nodded then stepped away from the puddle of cocoon goo. “Why have you brought her here?” She asked like I was a highly contagious disease. I also detected a hint of an accent, but couldn’t guess its origins.
“Jess,” Zeke said cordially, “this is Bada, my Kahinan. Friends call her Bad.”
She was his priest? What kind of religion did he ascribe to? And what was with the name? Bada? Bad? Badass? Where did she come from? And why did I get the distinct impression they had some serious history together?
Disgust marred her features. “I have no friends here.”
“Charming as always,” Zeke replied playfully. “Where did the Shayatins come from?”
“Summoned by one of the older clergy here. He found some ancient text book, muttered something on one of the pages and….here we are.” She folded her arms impatiently, her regard, imperious. “And you, why are you here?”
For one moment Zeke appeared uncomfortable, as if she’d asked something he wasn’t prepared to answer. But then it passed. He nodded resolutely. “It’s best if I show you.” He removed his t-shirt. Bada appeared surprised, but that quickly turned to desire, as she smiled at the fine display of masculine beauty before us. At that very moment jealousy surged within me and I wanted nothing more than to rip her throat out – Shay style. The viciousness of that sentiment rattled me. I had no idea why I felt so possessive when I hadn’t made any sort of claim on him. He spread his arms, gave us his back and our collective gasps filled the room.
The expansive, dark tattoo had faded to a very light blue, its edges almost a ghostly silver. The only area still resembling what I’d seen that night in the tattoo parlour was the eye in the centre. Without thinking, I reached out to touch it.
“Step. Back!”Bada commanded while approaching me with an outstretched hand. “Do not touch him.” To Zeke, she spun around to face him, her fearful gaze searching his. “Who did this to you?”
The accusatory tone in my regard was undeniable, but I decided to remain silent to see how this played out….but she’d better damn well not touch him either.
 He threw on his top and stepped beside me. “That’s why I’ve come. My sister Katy received a message from you about her life being extinguished by a beast-keeper, an Arratan Khamgalach. Care to elaborate?”
Bada frowned in confusion. “I’d be scoffing if I hadn’t seen your back.” Any pleasure she had at seeing his naked torso was gone, replaced by concern. “Your Grex is unlinking from you? Why? You’re the strongest, most fair Opilio I have ever initiated.” She threw another suspicious regard my way. “This should not be happening.”
“Please explain what you told Katy, exactly.” His tone was sharper, less patient. He had come here for answers and wanted them, now.
Her arms folded under her chest with displeasure. “We had two conversations. The first was a few hours following your initiation. She returned to the ceremonial hall demanding I explain myself because she had seen you drunk and fornicating with her friend’s mother instead of meeting your elders. She was obviously in distress and I understood she felt lost. Her entire life she’d been sheltered, schooled and guided to the Opilio role and in the blink of an eye that had been taken from her. So, I performed a ritual to the ancestors to counsel me on what path was her true destiny.”
“And?” he probed.
“I answered truthfully with what I was shown. It wasn’t as precise as I would have hoped. Her anger and confusion clouded the long term vision. But I revealed her destiny was to support you. Her love and compassion would help make you a better leader, provide a better home for your people. It wasn’t what she was expecting and she walked away in silent shock. I didn’t see her again until three years ago when she returned for another ritual to the ancestors. I advised against it, but she insisted. Something in her had changed. Her soul had become darker. I put it down to years of bitterness eroding her mental clarity. The ancestor’s ominous message was not surprising. If she continued on her path, it would lead to her self destruction, more specifically at the hands of the Arratan Khamgalach. And this beast-keeper,” she threw me a puzzled look, “had ink flowing in her veins and would extinguish Katy.”
“Do you think it’s Jess? Is she the one with ink in her veins?”
“You haven’t told her,” Bada smiled knowingly, “Jess, do you know what Zeke is?”
“No!” he barked stepping in front of me. “That is not your story to tell.”
“Very well then,” she conceded. “I will tell you what I am.”
Zeke shook his head while Bada wore a smug grin. She derived pleasure from this situation and that did not sit right with me.
“It’s okay. I’ll wait until Zeke is ready to tell me. Why chase demons if you’re the Kahinan, the priest of Opilio rituals. Or did I get that wrong?”
Zeke walked away rubbing both hands through his hair. She ignored his obvious agitation and continued. “What you saw today is my day job. Rituals are the side line.”
Demons were her day job? “You were hunting those Shayatins?”
“Hunting?” She chuckled. “No, you misunderstand. I escort entities to and from the demon realm. These Shayatins” she gestured at the cocoons “or what’s left of them, will be heading back there shortly.” A chime dinged from her pocket. She checked her phone. “I have some chaos to sort out in Seattle.”
“You’re a ghost buster?”
“Jess,” Zeke shook his head. “I’ll tell you later.”
“I am Yazidi,” she declared with great pride. I come from a long line of gate-keepers of the underworld. Consider me an employment agency for demons, a guidance counsellor, chauffeur and Kahinan: All. To. Demons.”
My body froze as I realized what she meant. Oh sweet mother earth! Zeke was a demon? How was that possible? And what kind were we talking about? Was there any such a thing as a good demon? He was good at protecting others, but was that because Bada controlled him to be nice? Or was he nice, naturally? He had beheaded a few people, when he thought it necessary. Now I’d gone and I’d shaded his crest, linking myself to him. Did that make me part demon too? Was I now tied to the Underworld through him?
“Breathe, Jess,” Zeke coached with a note of sadness as he approached me. Reactively, I stepped back. He looked crestfallen, but kept his emotions in check. “Let’s talk about this later.” To Bada he said, “What did you mean about Jess having ink in her veins? Will she be okay?”
Bada noted his worry, as did I, but I wasn’t capable of processing his concern when my head was filled with a million thoughts rattling around inside it. “I was not shown her purpose, but she is not a witch.”
Zeke’s head snapped in her direction at that. “Are you saying Jess knows what she is?”
“Hey! Thanks for the vote of confidence.”
“Likewise” he retorted, not unkindly.
“There’s purpose, yet unfulfilled.” Bada advised Zeke. “The ink will speak to her in time.”
“What do you mean?” I quizzed. “Are you saying I’m actually going to harm Katy? Because I’m not! I mean sure, I broke her nose, but that’s because she was trying to hurt me. It was self-defence.”
Bada shook her head. “The ancestors have shown it. So, it will be.”
“No!” Zeke shouted.
Bada leaned toward him. Her hand caressed his cheek as she looked at me. “Theck Beeha aww khasheehara.”
“Atarrakna,” he growled while looking away.
Whatever she had said about me pained him and I had to avert my eyes. I was feeling so confused about everything. It was like my world had become bi-polar!
“I will leave you,” she said to him. “But you need to know what your tattoo is revealing.”
“I’m listening.”
“This is not a natural dissolution. Your connection to your entire flock is being seeped away with dark magic. If what I saw is accurate, there are only a handful of people impervious to this magic and who remain loyal to you. I suggest you find Katy. I’m sure the tattoo is forming on her as we speak. The Yards is not safe for you. Your flock will turn on you at her behest.”
“How do I stop it?”
Her eyes shot to me then back to him. “The crest was forged in ink and ink is the key to regaining control.”
“That doesn’t tell him how to stop it,” I pushed.
“I don’t have all the answers. But I suggest you shield him from any further loss, or he will die.”
“Die? But….how do I shield him?”
She gestured around her. “We are shielded now, from the Shayatins, are we not?”
“I’m to cocoon him?”
Zeke huffed unhappily. “I will not be parcelled up and put aside while others fight my battles.”
Bada looked at me and chuckled mirthlessly. “Find a way that works for you and his ego.” She pulled her buzzing phone from her pocket. “I really need to go.”
“You good to banish them?” He asked about the Shayatins.
“Jess wrapped them to go,” she said with a hint of sarcasm then motioned us to the door. “Nice seeing you again, Zeke.” To me she simply nodded.
He covered my hand and led me out the door. When we returned to the alley, I was shivering with the cold. Somehow the wind had picked up and it felt so much more glacial after the church’s warmth. Zeke, who only wore a t-shirt seemed perfectly comfortable.
“Before you call Jimmy,” I told him, “maybe it’s best we don’t return to The Yards like Bada said. We can go to the safe house and formulate a plan there.”
“I won’t be chased from my home.”
“You won’t have a home, if we can’t prevent your tattoo from disappearing. There’s only the eye and contouring left, so I’m guessing that probably represents Jimmy, Shay, Jonah and myself. You need protection now.”
“Alright,” he said before texting Jimmy to pick us up.
My face was beginning to feel numb, as were my toes. Snowflakes swirled around us as strong gusts of wind whipped about. “Where is Katy now?”
He checked his phone and frowned, but answered distractedly, “she’s with Shay and Jonah.”
Yeah, no chance the enforcers threw her in a jail cell. I turned my back to the wind, but it seemed to be changing directions and I was blasted with a gust of Arctic air. I listened in on the conversation.
“Under house arrest,” Zeke added, clearly not happy with the discussion. “Okay, I’ll be right there.” Another pause. “No, we’re still at the drop-site in Montreal. Just waiting on Jimmy.”
Had Katy been arrested? I turned around to face him. “Is it possible Bada’s right and the tattoo is forming on her back?”
“I don’t know,” he sighed before looking over his shoulder. “What’s keeping Jimmy?”
“I mean, Katy wants to be the Opilio, but wasn’t chosen, so if she’s stealing that role by using some form of dark magic then it must be apparent on her person, right?”
“I don’t know,” he repeated and pressed a key on his phone and held it to his ear. I guess it rang several times before going to voice mail. “Something’s wrong.” He selected another number, but got no response. “Neither Shay nor Jonah are picking up. “And Jimmy didn’t respond either.”
Yeah, he had reason to worry if none of his trusty trio were answering. An idea came to mind. “Zeke, show me your back.” I stepped around and lifted his t-shirt.
“Jess, your hands are icicles!” he exclaimed. “Let me warm them.”
“Oh god! Only the pupil of the eye remains.”
“Fuck!” Zeke swore.
“It’s the magic. Shay, Jonah and Jimmy would never switch allegiances.”
“You’re right.” I could hear the note of fear in his voice. He staggered slightly.
“Okay. There’s no time left.”
“What do you mean?”
“We’re out of options. You’re going to have to trust me.” I licked both palms of my ink stained hands and pressed them against his back. Under my fingers I could feel hard muscle, but also wisps of dark magic.
Uttering a protection spell, I trailed my hand along the contouring of the eye and inner circle of the tattoo. Zeke’s muscles clenched in a paralyzing spasm and he groaned aloud before crumpling to the ground.
“Zeke!” I gasped and knelt beside him. He was deathly pale, but had a heartbeat. I didn’t know what to do. I couldn’t move him. He’d die out here if I didn’t get us help.
“Oh halleujazz,” Jimmy said dashing beside us with Shay and Jonah in tow.
“Jimmy! I exclaimed with relief. A weak Shay and Jonah shuffled forward. “Thank heavens you’re all okay! We need to help Zeke, now!”
“Sure thing. I’m on it right now. That Katy bitch gone all kinds of crazy. She ‘bout sucked the life out of them two and they couldn’t even shift.”
“Jimmy can you take us all to the Academy, like now?” I really didn’t like Zeke’s pallor. “We’ll be safe there, for the moment.”
She bent down and cradled Zeke to her. “Hold on y’all.”
The world tilted and we left the snowy alley behind.
“Lay him here,” Parsons said to Jimmy while ushering us into a comfortably sized medical room.
“Face down,” I advised. I’d need to work on Zeke’s back immediately. I quickly informed Parsons what was happening.
“Tell us what you need,” the old custodian offered as he walked beside me, his face showing distress.
“Ink, please.” I said taking his hand. “Lots of it.”
“Child, you are, once again, looking very much the worst for wear and I do not like it. I do not like it at all.”
I smiled at his parental concern. “I’ll explain later.” He appeared doubtful. “I promise, Parsons.”
“Very well then. I’ll be back shortly with the ink.”
“Thank you,” I added before closing the door behind them.
“Jimmy, can you bring Lyre here from the treasury? I’ll need her to reinforce the protection wards.”
“I’m right on it, Peaches.”
 Jimmy stepped away from Zeke’s prone form and disapparated. Shay and Jonah pulled up chairs at the head of the bed and vigilantly watched their leader slumbering. Someone had worked them over, badly. But in their silence was relief. They were reunited with the one person who mattered to them. They wouldn’t ever leave his side, voluntarily.
Minutes later Jimmy reappeared. “Okay, I got Lyre working to protect the boundary. What y’all need here?” She sniffled audibly and dabbed her eyes delicately. “I got two half dead dogs, an exhausted witch and an unconscious leader. Now, in order not to lose my goddamn mind, I need y’all to give me something else to do.”
“Meat” Shay croaked. “Lots of raw meat.”
“Got it.” Jimmy said. “A couple of steeds coming up. And you, Peaches? I know y’all asked Parsons for ink, but is there anything else?”
“I need to prep a spell, so I’ll need my journal, if you can get it without endangering yourself.”
“It’s in your backpack, right?”
“Yeah. At Zeke’s place, I think.”
“I can get it. Anything else?”
“I need to know what kind of entity I’m working on. His Kahinan alluded to him being a demon.”
“That’s not my story -”
“Jimmy,” I interrupted, “Katy is channelling more energy than a black hole right now, so you need to tell me what he is.”
“So, you know he’s considered demon, then?”
“Yes, I do and I don’t care.” Was that true? I couldn’t say. What if he was the prince of darkness himself? Could I still be chill hanging out with the CEO of Hell? I doubted it. Jimmy read my expression and also seemed doubtful. “Please? Look it’s the only way to help him.”
“Say nothing,” Shay advised weakly.
“We’re sworn to secrecy, Jimmy, remember that,” Jonah urged.
“Y’all need to chill. Now, I take full responsibility for what I’m going to say.”
“S’your funeral,” Jonah advised.
“It’ll be his funeral if y’all don’t cooperate,” Jimmy snapped. Turning to me she said, somewhat nervously, “He’s not a demon.”
“But the Kahinan said she deals only with demons.”
“That’s right. She deals only with demons. But he’s a gray zone. She pulled him from the banks of the river Styx. So he was still part angel, not full demon.”
“An angel?” Angels were heavenly hosts, right? If he ended up waiting for the ferryman then he was a fallen angel. That only happened when evicted from Heaven. “Why had he fallen? What did he do?” I asked suspiciously. “You don’t get thrown out of paradise for nothing.”
 She waved a long, slender index finger in the air. “You wanted to know what he was, I told you. How he got there ain’t for me to say, so don’t ask again.”
“Okay, I won’t,” I promised. “Thanks for telling me what you could.”
A knock sounded at the door. “Jess, I have the ink,” Parsons called.
“I’ll be back with the food, the journal and your bag,” Jimmy said right before disapparating.
I answered the door and was surprised with the amount of stuff Parsons wheeled in on a tray; food, beverages, ink, spell books and bed linen.
“Now it might not be everything you need, but it’s a start. The boys will need a snack right about now, I’d imagine, as will you, Jess.”
“I can’t tell you how much this means to me.”
“You have a few hard tasks ahead of you.” He eyed Zeke’s still form. “But, we’re here if you need us.”
“Thanks, Parsons. I’ll never forget this.”
He shuffled out the door and I set to work.
Jimmy pulled through and delivered everything as promised. Countless hours passed away in a blur of preparation for Zeke’s spell. He was still unconscious and I prayed he stayed that way, so he wouldn’t feel the full force of what was to come. I’d laid out a blanket and had him moved to the floor, face down. Shay and Jonah were still antsy despite having eaten an enormous amount of meat, and Jimmy was as nervous as a turkey at Thanksgiving. Despite my making many suggestions that they go out for some fresh air, nobody was budging. I understood, they were afraid for Zeke and couldn’t rest until he regained consciousness.
A circle was salted in the middle of the room. Within it were many symbols I’d drawn to form the spell’s base of power that, while strong, wasn’t enough to obliterate the connection between Zeke and Katy. I’d need to channel energy the size of the Hover dam for that, so I’d be taking from everything and anything I could harness. I just hoped everyone’s battery level was high enough to endure the drain. Once I siphoned Jimmy, Shay and Jonah’s energy, they’d be completely inept for a few hours, if not more. I’d laid out all the details to them, but nobody backed out. They were loyal to Zeke and would do what was needed to help him.
“Okay guys. Come on, this is it,” I rallied. My stomach was doing a Jig with nervousness, but I just pushed it all down and got on with the task. I’d have time to fall apart later. “I need each of you to sit at the markers outside the salted circle. Zeke stays at the South point.”
I’d removed Zeke’s t-shirt earlier and lowered his jeans and underwear to reveal the entire tattoo, or what was left of it. The lower edge of the crest dipped onto his upper buttocks. Focusing on the procedure, I smudged his back with ritualistically prepared dried sage while calling on the remnant ink under his skin to rise to the surface. Threads of silver crept along the ridges of his skin. Using my sacred fox brush, I painted symbols in red ink over twelve meridian points along his back. In the final step, I flicked open my pen knife then pricked the pad of my index finger and dabbed blood at the base of his spine.
“Do you need us to do anything?” Jimmy enquired.
She was dressed in a Yoga pants and an off the shoulder top. It wasn’t her usual gear, but I’m sure she realized a maxi cocktail dress wouldn’t cut it. “I’ll be entering the circle in just a moment. When I do, everyone is locked into their positions. If you need a bio break, now’s the time.”
“I’m good,” Shay said raising his hand.
“Me too,” Jonah added.
“Let’s do this,” Jimmy nodded anxiously.
Stepping into the circle, my hair lifted from the power of the characters inked onto the floor. It was wild and untamed like a lightning storm and that raw power would have to be wielded and funnelled into Zeke to sever the hooks of dark magic within him. I’d never tried to control that level of energy before and it scared me, big time. The spell I did for Jimmy came close, but this would create havoc if I messed up. Zeke’s life force was ebbing away and the four of us who remained linked to him needed this to work. I would not lose him and I would not allow Katy to win. Failure was not an option.
 Raising my arms, I called on the power of the four elements. Energy of air, fire, water and earth slammed into me violently before settling within my core. Seconds later I was shaking and sweating from the effort of holding in such tremendous force. It was only phase one of four and I was barely managing. Turning to Shay, I commanded him, in a tinny voice that echoed loudly about the room, to shift. Bones cracked and popped before the snarling, seven foot beast loomed over me. Pointing to the symbol in front of him, but within the salted border, he lifted up his massive paw then passed through the magical boundary and placed it on the cipher. I quickly drew the power from his beast until he weakened to the point he could no longer stand. With a whine he keeled over unconscious. Stumbling backwards from the weight of accumulated power, I barely managed to stay within the circle.
“Sit, Peaches,” Jimmy advised, “or all this be for nothing.”
It took me a moment to comprehend what she was saying, but I realized I should’ve done that from the get-go. Without prompting, Jonah shifted to his beast form and like Shay, placed his paw on the sigil inside the boundary. Adding his energy to the fray laid me out flat on my back. My clothes were soaked with sweat, my teeth ground together, my spine arched off the ground as the combined gravitational pull became agonizing to contain.
“Almost there, Jess,” Jimmy soothed. “Come on now. I know you can do it.”
Reaching out, my hand flopped in her direction. She immediately grabbed on and her Jinn energy burst inside me. A wail of agony filled the room. It took me a moment to realize it wasn’t Jimmy screaming, but me. As her unconscious form fell back against the wall, my body began convulsing. I needed to get this energy out of me before I combusted. I prayed I’d keep it together long enough to complete this final stage of the spell.
Crawling erratically closer to Zeke, I tried pulling his hand into the circle, but couldn’t get it to move. It was as if he had rigor mortis. That couldn’t be. I’d only given him a shrouding spell, similar to a deep slumber. Flopping over like a dying fish, I pulled with all my might and got his hand into the circle. My body began seizing in manic jerks. Enunciating the spell would be impossible if I couldn’t even pronounce the words correctly. Clenching my eyes and teeth, I set my intention once more, hoping that even if a word here or there was expressed incorrectly, the outcome would be the same.
The chant began low and sounded like a scratched record, still I continued, repeating the words over and over. The entire room rocked like seismic waves were undulating in the earth below us. With the energy at its pinnacle, I sent it all into Zeke’s finger tips like a ballistic missile just as a deafening scream tore from my throat. His body elevated clear off the floor as I went flying into the opposing wall. I slid to the ground with dots dancing in front of my eyes preventing me from focusing on anything.
I was down for about ten minutes before I could move again. My mobility was not optimal, but I managed to get over to Zeke on all fours. He was still face down but, was thankfully, still breathing. The tattoo didn’t appear to have changed for better or worse and that level of disappointment cut so deep I wanted to cry. I couldn’t break down now, so I compartmentalized the pain and made my way to Shay, Jonah and Jimmy. All were drained energetically, as expected, but they’d recover in a few hours. Grabbing some pillows and blankets, I made them all as comfortable as possible then returned to the shepherd’s side.
 “Uuughhh,” Zeke groaned. “Wha’s happen,” he mumbled trying to raise himself up onto all fours.
“Oh thank the Goddess!” I threw my arms around his neck. My enthusiasm almost sent him flat on his stomach again. “Sorry, sorry,” I gushed helping him to his knees. “I’m just so relieved you’re….” Alive.
His eyes rose to meet mine and glazed over with anger. “Who hurt you? What…”
“Nobody.” I pushed stray hairs from my face. “It’s all good, everything’s fine now. You’re at The Academy.”
He wobbled before sitting upright. “Was I drugged? “What’s happening to me?” He asked then froze when he saw the unconscious forms of Shay, Jonah and Jimmy. “No!” He growled then made to go toward them, but fell on the floor.
 “Zeke, they’re fine, just drained.” I helped him to a sitting position, realizing my strength was restoring much more quickly than I expected.
 His brows knit together. “The last thing I remember is being in the alleyway.”
“I put you in a sort of coma to buy me time. I tried to stop your sister from siphoning the magic in your tattoo.” Telling him the whole thing failed was just too damn hard right now, so I put it aside for later.
“How did you manage that? Normally I’d be impervious to that sort of spell.”
“I don’t know. You were being drained by dark magic, so I did what I could to halt the process - until I could find a way to reconnect you.”
“Reconnect,” he parroted, his frown showing confusion right before his eyes widened. “The tattoo had faded. So the spell you cast? It worked?” He flexed his back muscles as if to test the waters.
“Jess?” Lyre called before knocking on the door. “Can you come, right away, please?”
 Lyre’s timing was perfect. I’d put off telling him the truth until he was stronger. “You stay here and rest.” I placed a pillow under his head then put a quilt over him. “Try and sleep. I’ll be back shortly.”
He caught my wrist as I manoeuvred around him. “Are you feeling okay, Jess?” His eyes glanced around the room. “That spell seemed huge.”
“All good,” I smiled, tucking him in. “Now rest. I’ll be right back.”
Chapter 14
When the door shut behind me, I noted Lyre’s worried expression. The woman tamed cursed books without batting an eye lid, so this must be bad. My heart began to race. “What’s wrong? Is Parsons okay?” I hoped she’d answer yes and say she just wanted to chill with some cocktails. I could do with lounging in a beach-side recliner.
She pressed a finger to her lips and beckoned me away. Okay, so not cocktail hour.
“Something’s weird.” She spoke lowly as we meandered through the building. She held her phone out and used the flashlight app to illuminate the way. The windows gave out onto the night sky and I realized, I’d completely lost track of time.
We stopped at the entrance to the library. “It was in here,” she whispered, “that I heard Parsons cry out, but when I checked, I couldn’t find him anywhere.”
Oh Goddess, he could need medical help and we were stalling. “Then let’s cast a locator spell and track him down.” I felt like scolding her for not thinking of that first.
 “I already did that, but he’s cloaked with something. I don’t know what. I did, however, find something strange. I can’t say I recognize it.”
“If you don’t know what it is, I doubt I will.”
Magical alchemical-based residue hung in the air as we reached an elevated nook of the, now-closed, and dark library. Laid out on the cushioned window seat was an open spell book showing various symbols, beside which were two white votive candles, a photo of me, Parsons coat, a fountain pen and two empty vials.
“You feel it, right? It’s Parsons’ magic, but there’s something else, something odd.” Lyre’s concern coated her voice. “What did he cast here and what are those symbols? And why did it involve you?”
Looking around at the secluded cranny, I asked myself the exact same thing. “He used a very old and very primitive form of alchemical magic.” That alone generated a long list of questions, to which I had no answers. Picking up the frayed Grimoire, I directed the light from Lyre’s phone to inspect the markings. The energy emanating from them was strong, stronger than they should have been.
“Parsons doesn’t do alchemy. Why would he need it in a spell?”
My fingers passed over the page and magic potency hummed beneath my fingertips. I picked up the pen and knew it hadn’t been used in the casting. It held representational power. I quickly pocketed it. “The spell was enhanced.” I gazed out upon the mantle of stars covering the night sky, like diamonds scattered onto midnight-blue velvet. Everything was still and silent, but I felt no peace. Something was off. Why would Parsons use alchemy to cast?
“Enhanced with what? How?” Lyre was panicking. “Can’t you track him using whatever residue remains?”
“I can’t.” The energy used for Zeke’s spell had wiped me clean and it would be days before I could cast again.
“What do you mean you can’t?” Her expression became one of frustration. “This is Parsons we’re talking about. You just cast a Tsunami of a spell for your precious Zeke. Everyone must’ve felt it from here to town. But you can’t do a simple tracer for Parsons? The man practically raised you. The least you could -”
“I’m drained! Okay!” I shot back, shocking her into silence. Otherworlders never liked to admit such a thing, as it left them completely vulnerable. “Now, I’ll help look for Parsons, but I’m as dry as the desert sand.”
She was silent for a long moment. “I’m sorry.” Her eyes watered up prompting her to turn away. “He’s old and frail, but he’s my best friend. I’m really worried for him.”
My shoulders slumped as my irritation dissolved. I should’ve seen she wasn’t angry with me, she was scared for him. “Maybe this has to do with that new kid he’s been training. Has he spoken to you about it? He called him or her a conundrum. Why, I don’t I know and I didn’t pry because I figured he’d have shared if he wanted to.”
 “He didn’t mention anything to me,” Lyre sniffled. “But I can check up on recent admissions to the school. If there’s a new kid and their magic is categorized as ‘unknown’ it might help.”
“I’ll check the buildings along the perimeter. Maybe they practice in one of them.”
“Okay. I’ll come help you when I’ve verified the records.”
“Sounds good.”
Leaving the library, I decided to start with the furthest building, which was a barn, now converted to a gym. The idea was, the kids would get a workout trekking there and back, even if they hadn’t exerted themselves too much. Hoping Parsons was safe, but worrying all the same, I started out at a steady jog. My thoughts ran to Zeke, Jimmy, Shay and Jonah. I felt guilty for having left them, but they were all pretty much incapacitated and wouldn’t be up and about for hours. I rounded the far end of the library building and jerked to a halt at the sight before my eyes.
“What the ……?”
An almost translucent sphere, no bigger than a couple of inches wide, hung in the air. From where I stood, the right side of the circular border glowed with a faint luminosity. A woman, bearing a striking resemblance to me, plodded heavily toward it as if trying to resist moving forward. I didn’t know who the woman was, but I knew a mind control spell when I saw it. “Hey!” I called sharply and began running toward her. “Stop! Turn around!”
My feet pounded rapidly along the ground. Damn, I wasn’t going to reach her in time. She was almost at whatever freaky floating ball that was. Sprinting as fast as I could, I gained enough ground to see the woman more clearly now and there was no denying her likeness to me was uncanny. The waves of magic pulsating around her made me shiver. Her hand reached up toward the suspended orb. I gave another burst of speed, watching as a feminine hand protruded from the globe. With a final shout, I leapt into the air and, with a tackle worthy of any quarter-back, threw myself onto the woman’s back and took her to the ground. Not waiting to see if I’d knocked her out, I stood up and slammed a vice-like grip around the wrist protruding from the orb and pulled with all my strength.
A shriek of rage rang out as I tugged relentlessly to gain control. When I’d grabbed her elbow, I felt confident I’d have her on the ground in no time. That was until a second hand came into view along with a hypodermic needle dripping with some unknown fluid and set in a three-fingered grip. With one of my hands grasping her wrist and the other gripping her elbow, the appearance of this second hand clearly put me at a disadvantage. Plus, it didn’t take a genius to figure out the contents of the syringe wasn’t a vitamin supplement. With nothing to lose, I squeezed extra tight and fell to the ground, the momentum of which pulled the person out of the globe. Something sharp grazed my thigh right before Zeke’s sister Katy, fell on top of me.
“You stupid bitch!!!!” she screeched as her fist came down heavily on my jaw. Dots danced in front of my eyes and I could sense, not only her growing rage, but her positioning herself to do more damage, most likely with that needle. Rolling to the side, I barely avoided another wallop, scrambled to my knees and clamped onto both of her wrists. I thought I heard Zeke shouting in the distance, but with my heart thumping in my ears and his sister screaming like a banshee, I was hearing as well as someone standing beside the speakers at a Death Metal concert.
“You will not get it,” Katy spat venomously. “It’s mine!!!!!.” There was a correlation between her strength and the angry words she was spouting because she twisted out of my grip and flipped me onto the damp grass.
I knew she meant the Opilio title, but I’d play dumb. “Look,” I gasped breathlessly. “I’ve no idea what you’re on about.”
“Nice try, bitch.” Her hand bunched my hair painfully while her knee held down my arm preventing me from fighting back. When pain seared my jaw and darkness hovered on the periphery of my vision, I registered she’d hit me again, this time she’d gotten the help of a rock.
Zeke’s voice sounded again. I didn’t understand how he’d recuperated enough to be outdoors, but the spell must still be affecting him because it didn’t seem like he was gaining any ground. His running abilities were clearly at a geriatric level. If Katy landed another blow like the last one, I’d be knocked out or worse. My hand patted the ground desperately in the hope of finding a rock, but only soft blades of grass grazed my fingers. I caught sight of her raised hand a second before she tried to bring it down on my head, and barely managed to duck to the side to avoid the blow. That’s when I remembered Parsons fountain pen in my pocket.
“He’s not going to get to you on time,” Katy smiled evilly. “The orb has shielded us.” She must’ve seen the fear in my eyes because she laughed maniacally. I delivered a whopping punch to her gut. With the wind knocked out of her, she keeled to the side. I launched myself upright and clasped onto the pen. Technically, I knew I was drained magically, but I had to try. I shook the nib vigorously until fat drops of ink coated my palm. Her foot connected with my knee and I crumpled to the ground. She straddled me, grabbed the dirt covered syringe, as her eyes danced with madness.
Mother Goddess, give me strength, I prayed.
Suddenly a soothing balm of wellness flowed over me. The thick black ink slithered from my finger tips, up my arms, neck and face, covering my veins in an intricately woven web that fed me a level of strength she could not match.
Her eyes widened in fear as she took in the flowing ink. I could not see it all, but felt its power pulsating through me. It had never taken this form before, but given my life was on the line, I wasn’t complaining. “Stop now, while you can,” I warned.
Her spittle landed on my face. “I’ll stop when your blood is soaking into the grass beneath you. I tried to get you out of the picture by getting you to take the fall for Bossman, Sam and all those other fools, but you kept popping right back.” She pressed the needle against my neck. “I am the Opilio and you will not be connected to the eye. That eye you tattooed is for the Opilio’s mate and it’s not you.”
“Why kill all those people? Huh? Why not just come for me directly?”
“Because if I’d taken the life of the beast-keeper, I’d have lost my powers. But, if you got executed, then that suited me fine. And believe me, I enjoyed every minute of your suffering - from messing up your insurance file, to dragging you barefoot and unconscious along a dirt road. But I’m done waiting for you to die. I’m taking what’s mine.”
“You insane bitch!!!”I grabbed her hand and pressed it against my ink covered face as rasping words I’d never spoken spilled from me. I understood what they would do and a part of me tried to release her, but my grip wouldn’t soften.
“What the hell? You fucking freak!” Her face contorted in pain. “What are you doing?”
Again, I tried to release her from my grasp, tried to halt the spell I never knew existed before now, but nothing worked. As the ink wormed its way up her throat and onto her forehead, I knew this was her end.
“What are you doing?” Her jaw ground out the words as the muscles in her cheeks began to freeze up. The ink glided across her forehead as her eyes rolled back in her head and she fell to the ground.
I pronounced the final word of the invocation then looked up at the stars. My arms stretched outwards as the ink on my face and hands scurried into my mouth and eyes. The normally bitter liquid tasted like divinely rich chocolate as it sunk into my taste buds then went on to coat the back of my throat and gullet. The rich nectar spread deeper within me, filling every vein and every nerve until I felt bathed in an unctuous pearly black pellicle.
A smooth smile curved my lips as I licked a stray drop from my mouth. “Mmmhhmm…liquid Onyx”
A great pop sounded, like someone had uncorked a bottle of champagne. Zeke’s towering form came into view. He looked like a train had hit him. His gaze quickly assessed me. “You’re covered in….it’s like your blood is ink.”
My eyes took in the jet black veins branching out like the roots of a beautiful tree on my arms and I couldn’t help but smile.
“What happened to her?” Zeke asked, noticing his unconscious sister. “Why does she have a symbol on her forehead?” He was confused and angry but trying to rein it in.
 I observed Katy’s rigid form. Her chest still moved, much to my relief. “She has become Stained,” I declared proudly. I knew, without a shadow of a doubt, she could’ve died by my hand, but I’d purposely spared her life.
“Stained? What does that mean?”
Instinct told me I’d absorbed her power, but I didn’t know how that could be and I couldn’t explain it, so I said nothing.
“Forget it,” Zeke said after a long moment of silence. “We’ll talk about this later.” He lifted his sister into his arms then paused at the body passed out beside me. “I’ll be right back to help.”
My doppelganger no longer resembled me. “Parsons?” I gasped then crouched beside the elderly custodian, wondering why he’d morphed into me. “Don’t move, we’ll get you inside in no time.”
I watched Zeke’s retreating form and felt my heart sink. He’d never again want to have anything to do with me. It’s kind of hard to be with someone who zapped your sister of magic and almost took her life in the process. A soft groan pulled my attention back to Parsons. He shivered markedly and I quickly shucked off my coat and placed it over him.
“It’s okay, I soothed. You’re doing fine.” There wasn’t a word of truth in that.
“Help me up, child,” he said hoarsely. “I wasn’t unconscious, just had a Petrification spell put on me. I heard everything and we need to talk.”
“Okay, but only after we get you checked out. And then….we’ll discuss the transformation magic you conjured.”
“I’ll plead the fifth,” he chuckled.
“Doesn’t exist for Otherworlders.”
He smirked mischievously “I’ll still plead it.”
It didn’t take much effort to hoist him up and have him lean on me. We’d both wobbled along like the blind leading the blind until he suddenly stopped, took in my arms and face and exclaimed, “Most interesting.”
“What is?”
“Your veins are normal again,” he marvelled.
Maybe it appeared that way on the surface, but below the skin, in my blood and bones something had happened. A major change had occurred, but I wasn’t sure what.
Zeke and Shay jogged over to us. Shay greeted Parsons and kindly asked permission to carry him back indoors. I felt relief when the exhausted old man agreed.
“Shay, aren’t you supposed to be recuperating,” I protested. “Where are Jonah and Jimmy? Are they alright?”
“They’re fine. Everyone’s fine.” Zeke bent down to pick me up, but I stepped unsteadily away from him. He frowned displeased. “You’re hurt. Now’s not the time to be stubborn, Jess.”
I hobbled onwards. “I’m fine. Go, be with your sister.”
“Jimmy’s with her.”
We entered Parsons’ chambers. Shay had set the old custodian next to the roaring fire and covered him with a woollen blanket, which was quickly bringing some colour back to his cheeks.
“How are you feeling?” I asked while tucking him in. “I really wouldn’t have wrestled you to the ground if I’d known it was you.”
“Nonsense,” he smiled, his chin tilting up proudly. “I let you, of course,” he whispered before clearing his throat.
“You, however, Jess, need to clean off that blood and have those injuries tended to.”
“Yeah, you’re right. I’ll go wash up.”
In the bathroom, I leaned my hands against the sink. I felt shaky, nervous and for some reason, so alone. What had come over me? Was I a monster of some sort? Had the Kahinan’s prediction come true? I took a few long, slow breaths then sat on the edge of the bath and put my head in my hands. The attack tonight had almost killed Parsons. If anything had happened to him, I’d never have forgiven myself. A faint knock sounded at the door, but before I could say it was occupied, Zeke came in.
“Hey,” I scowled, “I’m not finished here.” I wiped my cheeks and looked away.
He knelt in front of me and gently held my chin, pivoting my face to meet his. “It’s my turn.”
“For what?” I wiped more moisture from my cheeks. The dam had a leak that needed plugging right now.
“You looked after me, now I look after you.” He took a first aid kit from the cupboard under the sink and began sterilizing my wounds and applying an antibiotic ointment.
My hand caught his wrist to halt his ministrations. “Katy….I tried to stop her, Zeke. She was out of control, but that spell…I don’t know where it came from. I -”
“Jess, -”
“No,” I placed my fingers against his mouth. “Let me get this out there, or I’ll never say it.”
“Then let’s do this properly.” He helped me stand then he sat on the edge of the bath and pulled me onto his lap. His lips twisted up in a curved smile. “There, that’s better.”
“Better for who?”
“Both of us,” he shrugged while tucking me closer. “Go ahead Jess. Sorry I interrupted.”
“You were right. I have this ‘otherness’ and it’s bad. I don’t want it in me, Zeke. I don’t want to hurt people.”
He peered downwards, remaining silent and I thought he wasn’t going to say anything, until he turned me around on his lap so I was straddling him. His hands held my face and I peered into intense jade eyes. “Not one inch of you is bad. You are an incredible woman, Jess Darrows.”
I found myself leaning back and frowning in disbelief. A part of me expected him to suddenly burst out laughing with a ‘gotcha’ snap of his fingers. But his eyes held mine in a regard I could only describe as, reverent.
“You defended yourself and Parsons brilliantly. I’m just so sorry my own sister was the one perpetrating all these crimes and causing you so much suffering. For as long as I’ve known her, she’s never harmed a fly. Tonight, it was like I was watching a stranger.” He shook his head briefly, “You’ve been through many trials lately and I didn’t do anything to alleviate your burdens, quite the contrary. But that changes now.”
“It does?” I asked sceptically.
“Yes, and I’m pretty certain I’m not going to convince you of that with anything I could say, but let me at least begin to show you I’m serious.”
“Show me?” It seemed I was reduced to two word questions.
Reaching down for the first aid kit, he began to clean my face, his eyes flicking to mine as he worked. Gone was the harshness of suspicion and accusations, in its place was something that looked like pride.
“You did a very brave thing earlier when you helped me with the restoration spell. That was something I’d never seen or felt before in my life.” His lips tugged up in a quick grin, “and I’ve been around a while.”
“It couldn’t have been that great if it didn’t work.”
Right then he put aside the alcohol swab in his hand and stood us upright then pulled his t-shirt over his head. “What are you doing?”
He pivoted around to show me his tattoo. “Does that look like a fail, Jess?”
My hand covered my mouth in shock. The tattoo had gone from a faint silver thread to full on jet black ink. “Oh Mother Earth. It’s back!”
“It sure is,” he beamed.
“And do you feel connected with your people?”
“One hundred percent.”
Relief and happiness surged through me. I flung my arms around his neck to hug him. His arms encircled my waist, pulling me closer. When I looked into his eyes, his mouth covered mine in a kiss that was not only incendiary, but claiming.
“I can’t believe you’re reconnected,” I told him breathlessly when I pulled away.
“I can’t either.” His thumb trailed softly along my cheek. “There’s just one more thing I need to say while we’re alone, if you’ll let me explain.”
A feeling of dread sat in my gut like wet cement. “Sure, okay.”
“The claim my beast has on you is not something related to you directly. It’s more of a message to others interested in you that you’re ‘reserved’ for the next six months. If you don’t reciprocate within that time then my claim fades.”
I could feel my eyebrows reaching for my hairline with surprise. “So, if a guy is interested in dating me, he can’t. Is that what you mean?”
“If another man tries to bind you to him while my claim is in effect, he’ll have to go through me first.”
“Like ask your permission?”
“No. We fight - to the death.”
“Jess? Zeke?” Shay called. “Parsons is asking for you guys.”
“We’ll be right out,” Zeke responded. “To be continued, sweet Jess.” He kissed me one more time before we returned to the living room. My head was spinning with what I’d just learned, and I couldn’t help but wonder if I’d travelled back to medieval times.
“All good?” Parsons inquired when he saw us. “I’m afraid I’ll fall asleep before I begin. I believe it’s a side effect from the casting.
“Parsons, why did you even conjure that magic to take on my form? A transmutation spell of that power level is very dangerous.”
“What does Jess mean?” Zeke interrupted.
“Sit down everyone,” the custodian frowned. “There’s much to discuss.”
I settled onto the couch at the end, nearest to Parsons. Zeke sat beside me and Shay and Jonah each took an arm of the couch.
“After your last visit, Jess, I’d sensed a foreign magic trying to pierce our wards here. I needed to identify it and, after some trial and error, I succeeded. I knew whoever was attacking our defences wanted something very badly. Because the attack happened directly after Jess had been here, I guessed it might have something to do with her and the troubles she was experiencing. But I couldn’t be certain. Still, I prepared a spell for the next time I would feel the wards being penetrated and I’d transform into her image, should it be necessary. That’s what you saw tonight.”
“Parsons!” I gasped in shock. “She could’ve killed you!”
The custodian continued. “I felt her magic before I saw the orb and didn’t hesitate to drink the transmutation potion. I stepped outside and felt the sphere pull me in like a massive magnet to steel. I tried to fight it, but it was stronger than me because it was a Warper’s orb. So, I told myself that if this was my time, I’d go out defending my home and the people I love. I certainly didn’t expect you to show up.”
“Well, I’m glad I did or we would’ve lost you.”
“I still can’t believe it was Katy out there,” Zeke spoke quietly, still stunned. He was obviously trying to process the night’s events with the person he thought he knew. “She’d always cared for those who were ill and struggling, and always appeared so full of compassion toward everyone.”
Parsons nodded in understanding and sympathy. “It is indeed a terrible loss that Katy’s a Warper now, Zeke. That will, no doubt, leave indelible scars. But it’s important to remember that she wasn’t always a Warper and that she was the kind, caring person you knew. She most likely came into her power recently which, consequently, affected her personality.
“How recently do you think?” he asked.
“They say these things can take a few years. Often the transformation goes undetected because the changes in personality can be associated with any number of stressors.”
Zeke leaned his arms on his thighs. “I can honestly say, I didn’t notice anything untoward. She always put others first. The most emotional I’ve seen her was when we returned to The Yards with Jess. But even that I’d put down to the community being in crisis.”
“A natural assumption,” Parsons nodded sagely. “But you need to prepare for what’s to come. You have a most difficult decision ahead of you.”
Zeke nodded solemnly and a heavy silence fell over the room.
“What decision?” I asked as I stood up and placed my back to the fire to warm up.
“To hand Katy over to the authorities,” Shay spoke for the first time. “That won’t end well for her. Warpers are always…. eliminated.”
“But can’t they be…..I don’t know, rehabilitated or something? Didn’t you say there were Warpers in other countries? ”
“Escapees or the Uncaught,” Zeke added dejectedly.
“My friends, I’m afraid something more pressing needs to be addressed,” Parsons interjected. “Allow me one moment.” He pulled a small amber vial from his pocket and flicked a few drops of liquid into the fireplace. The distinct odour of books filled the room.
“Smells like the library in here.”
“You’re quite right,” Parsons agreed. “I’ve asked Lyre to join our meeting.”
“I’d prefer we not discuss Katy with anyone outside this room,” Zeke noted.
“I will only talk about the markings Jess created on Katy’s forehead. You have my word.”
A knock sounded at the door and with a flip of his hand, Parsons opened it and warmly invited the elfin woman in. “Thank you for joining us,”
“I’m so glad you’re well, Parsons,” Lyre gushed with relief while squeezing his hands.
“I’m fine, dear child,” the custodian replied, motioning for her to sit on the armchair opposite him. “Nothing to worry about at all.”
“Hello,” she smiled at everyone then took the seat he offered.
“Hi,” Shay beamed with a bashful tint to his cheeks.
She looked at each of us and nodded. “Much has changed tonight.”
“It most certainly has. Would you hand Jess the journal and pen, please?” Parsons asked Lyre.
She extracted, from her bag, a journal identical to the one she had given me at the treasury, along with a strange quill pen then handed me both items.
“This looks like the same blank notepad from the cursed section,” I frowned. “I don’t understand. What’s it for?”
“You’ll see,” the elderly man smiled.
“What’s going on?” Zeke enquired curiously.
“Just an exercise,” Parsons reassured him.. “Jess, please write your name on the top of the first page. Your full name, including the middle one.” That earned him a surprised look, but he said nothing more.
“The quill is dry. I need some ink.”
“Pretend it has been dipped in ink,” he instructed.
I did as he asked and scratched across the page, Jessica Maurelle Darrows.
Inky symbols eerily similar to the ones I’d created on Katy’s head began to form in rapid succession across the paper. I thumbed the pages, observing the dark liquid filling all the lines in mere second until, at the bottom of the last page, was my name, exactly as I had written it at the beginning.
“What is this? How did you know that would happen?” Fear upped my tone a few octaves. “Parsons, please - what’s going on!?”
Zeke got up and stood beside me. His eyes roved over the sheets before commenting. “I’ve never seen anything like this. The magic feels off.”
“It’s perfectly alright,” Parsons soothed. “In fact it’s absolutely astounding.”
“He’s right,” Lyre beamed a wide smile. “If it is what I think it is, we’re making major history here tonight.”
“What history?” Feeling the shift in Zeke’s demeanour, Shay got up and stood to his right, close to Lyre.
“That journal,” Parsons explained, “is one of hundreds of thousands found in almost every library in the world. It is bespelled to appear blank, but as you can see, it is not. The text is ancient, written by the first Ink Mage thousands of years ago and passed on through the blood-line ever since.”
“An Ink Mage?”
“I don’t understand.” Zeke’s hand moved protectively to my lower back
“It seems that I’ve been wrong, Jess. You are not a hundred percent alchemical witch,” Parsons said softly. “You are also an ink Mage. And you have just proven it by activating the Mage’s journal.”
Giggles of disbelief were bubbling within me. “Parsons,” I said lightly, “you can’t be serious. There’s no way -”
“He’s telling the truth,” Lyre chided. “You did something tonight that only an ink mage could accomplish.”
“In fact, you did two things,” Parsons corrected gently. “The first was the Staining and the second was the Revealing.”
Katy’s forehead had been stained. I’d done that. I don’t know how, but I did it. “And the revealing? What was that?”
“Your blood and ink melded. You are now the ink and the ink is you.”
“What does an Ink Mage do?” Jonah enquired.
“Think of him or her as a sort of supernatural entity controller,” Parsons explained.
This was all so confusing. “I’m still not getting it. Do you have an example?”
“Well the last known Ink Mage was used to send Lucifer to Hell.”
“What???” I gasped. “How did that happen?”
Lyre pointed to her forehead. “She inked a code on his forehead.”
“The number of the beast?”
“Exactly,” Lyre and Parsons chorused.
“So I’m supposed to do the same thing?”
“Maybe,” Parsons said grimly.
“To who? When? Why, and how?”
“The Master will let you know,” Parsons advised. “And before you ask, I do not know who that is. But you will be meeting him or her soon - now that the journal has been activated. There is never an Ink Mage without a Master.”
Lyre and Parsons left to procure whatever information existed on Ink Mages, so I could be as informed as possible before this mysterious master showed up. Shay and Jonah went to check on Katy. She was being detained in a magically armoured vehicle that Jimmy had apparated in and parked adjacent to the academy. That left Zeke and I alone.
We were stood in front of the fireplace neither one speaking. I think we were both in shock but for different reasons – him for his sister being a Warper, and me for being an Ink Mage.
His hand caressed my arm. “You holding up okay?”
“Still mulling over everything. Probably will be for a while. You?”
“Same.”
“I’m sure you’re anxious to get back to The Yards and set things right again with everyone.”
“There’s a lot to repair trust-wise, that’s for sure.”
“Those people love you and care about you, Zeke. I bet they can’t wait to see your grumpy ass back at Jimmy’s Bar.”
He smiled widely. “Grumpy, huh?”
“Big-time. You make Oscar the Grouch look like Jerry Seinfeld.”
“I’m very affable, I’ll have you know, and if you’ll allow me, I’d like to spend a long time proving it to you.”
“Pfffft,” I laughed half-heartedly. “Who’s the comedian now?”
He wrapped both arms around my waist and lifted me off the ground. “Jessica Maurelle Darrows, please let me date you, spoil you, make love to you and never doubt your sincerity, loyalty, or trust again.”
“Don’t joke like that?” A tight knot sat in my throat indicating that the Hover dam was about to burst.
“I’m deadly. Serious.” He kissed me like the last iota of oxygen was on my lips and I responded to every thrust of his tongue while snaking my fingers through his hair. “I need you Jess,” he rasped breathlessly as his hands roamed my body, “now.”
Stepping back, I took his hands in mine and bit my lower lip loving the taste of him on me. “This isn’t the Penthouse at La Mer, so you’re going to have to wait. Besides, aren’t you supposed to start showing me you’re serious?”
He hugged me closer, pressing his nose to my hair. “Yes, my Ink Mage.” I could hear the smile in his tone. “And, seen as you lost our bet, I’m planning a wonderful weekend away for us.”
Acknowledgements
I wrote this book alone, but I certainly didn’t finish it that way. Here’s a list of all the wonderful people in my life who have helped me bring this to fruition.
Louis St-Pierre, my amazing husband and beta reader, thank you for all the input and straight up, no-nonsense feedback. Thank you for the endless support you provide and for being my King of Comfort. To my lovely sons Emile St-Pierre, Elliot St-Pierre and my adopted daughter, Haejin Cho, thank you for cheering me on from the sidelines. To my adopted son, Zheng Han Lai https://www.instagram.com/77tsutsu/ - alias Millllaaaarrr - your cover artwork and attention to detail is simply wonderful. Thank you so much for capturing Jess’ vibe from the get-go. To Rachel Daly, my witchy bestie and formatter extraordinaire, thank you so much for putting this tale in a readable format. To Jean St-Pierre, the ‘holes-in-the-plot’ detective, thank you so much for always giving honest feedback. To Anne-Frigon, thank you for spotting all the typos and errors made. Any mistakes found at the time of publishing are entirely my own fault. To Denis Thériault (https://www.instagram.com/denistheriaultnovels/), thank you for all your detailed feedback and editing suggestions. It was greatly appreciated. Forgive me for not applying all the corrections you so diligently noted. And to you, dearest reader, thank you from the bottom of my heart for reading Jess and Zeke’s story. Their tale continues soon.
