


Starlight

Book One

The Boy At Her Window













Book one of the three book trilogy 
Chapters



1 .  Silver Ticket                                

2  .  Meeting of Minds

3 .  A Question of Time                    

4 .  The Librarian                                     

5 .  Liquid Pool                                 

6 .  Timekeeper

7 .  Storyteller

8 .  The Prize                                             

9 .  Curiosity

10 .  Friend in Need 

11 . The Sectary                                                     

12 .  The Star                                               

13 . Misgiving

14 .  Teased                                         

15 .  Request                                      

16 . Study in Astra                          

17 . The Boy at Her Window                  

18 . Revealed                                   

19 . Teachers and Students              

20 . Tea for Three                            

21 . Another Visitor                          

22 . Destined                                             
23 . Untold Truth                                
24 . Gryphon                             
25 . Mermaid                              
26 . Empty Threats                         
27 . Chance Encounter 
28 . The Changeling
29 . Giants 
30 . Web Invasion  
31 . Uninvited                             
Chapter 1

Silver Ticket


* 
‘That isn’t funny,’ said Cathy Tyson, the girl, fifteen years of age, with a thin build, brown skin, dark eyes, long black hair and a pretty face. She watched her football clear the road, reaching the green on the far side. 'You kicked it, go get it, or you're buying me a new one.'
Kyle rolled his eyes, the boy of fourteen years old, who was slightly chubby, with pale white skin, blue eyes and yellow hair, was Cathy’s best friend, and like now, more often than not, he did stupid things. Cathy guessed, after her team beat Kyle’s, in the juniors under sixteens match, this was his idea of payback. It didn't help she agreed to have a kick around with him, on the green of Clapham Common, straight afterwards.
'Cathy Tyson, you're a baby.' Kyle laughed, teasingly at her.
She did not share his joke. 'Just get the ball, or else,' she told him. 
Cathy was fast losing her patients, Kyle knew this too, he heard something in her voice and suddenly stopped laughing. Cathy met Kyle five years ago, when she was nine. Ronald Tyson, her dad, owned Frizz, the salon in Clapham Oldtown. Amanda, Kyle's mum, frequently visited the salon, back then, she was a long-time customer. Sometimes she brought Kyle along to the salon with her. Occasionally when Cathy came to see her dad for pocket money, Kyle was there. They both had something in common, they liked football, and their friendship grew from that. It also helped they supported the same football team. 
Cathy watched Kyle as he sprinted away from her. She only hoped he would not be stupid, and wait before crossing the road, there was a car speeding his way. Cathy was suddenly distracted by something in the corner of her eye. It was a flash of movement, followed by a loud splash. Quickly turning she saw the black and white cat; it had slipped into the nearby pond. Its front and back paws thrashed around as it struggled to keep afloat in the murky water. 
The poor cat, I can't let it drown, there must be something I can do, thought Cathy. 'Wait, don't struggle, it’ll only make things worse!' she called, feeling stupid, she thought talking to cats was not cool.
Rushing to the paved embankment, she stretched out an arm across the water. Still, the cat struggled, splashing about, all the while drifting further out of reach. Cathy gave a final stretch, her fingers grabbed the air, inches from the cat’s tail, leaving her no choice. She hoped the water was not too deep, she had never been a confident swimmer. She slipped her legs into the chilly water. 
This is a stupid idea, she thought. I’m going in after you, dumb cat, we might both drown. Stupid cat, you’re meant to be afraid of this stuff. If I was a cat I wouldn't be going near water anyway.  
Using her elbows for support, gradually, Cathy lowered herself. The water was not that deep, her trainers reached the ponds bottom, she splashed towards the cat. With both hands, she grabbed, snatching the poor, dripping wet animal from the water. It was at that very moment, it dawned on her, today she saved a life. And the cat did not scratch her with its claws. After its struggle in the water, it was overcome with exhaustion. Cathy felt the cat tremble in her arms. She made her way to the water’s edge.
'Thank you,' said a voice.
With a fright and a gasp, the girl peered up in surprise, at the woman standing over her. The strangers, stern, kind face, was a radian dark olive colour, she wore a long green dress, her eyes were green too, her white hair was wavy and long. The woman was a picture of innocence and beauty. If Cathy had a guardian angel this would be what she looked like.
'Thank me, for what?' asked the girl, with a baffled expression on her face.    
'For rescuing Drew. He's very old. His eyesight isn’t what it once was, his vision's poor, he can’t see beyond his whiskers. It doesn’t help he has an inquiring mind, and a nose for sniffing out trouble. Though I admit, he’s never strayed this far from home before.' The woman called out, leaping, the cat landed in the cradle of her waiting arms. She stroked a hand along his sleek fur, and like it had never been soaked, it was suddenly dry.  'He's grateful for your intervention. We both are.'
Cathy, blinked, amazed at what she just saw. 'Really, think nothing of it, your cat was in destress. I couldn't watch him go under.'
'You saved Drew, I'm sure you'll agree, this isn't an everyday occurrence.' The woman gave a mischievous chuckle. 'If it weren't for you, I’m sure he might've drowned.'
‘Might’ve,’ repeated Cathy. ‘Is there something you’re not telling me?’ she inquired.   
With one arm cradling the cat to her shoulder, the woman offered the girl an outstretched hand.
'I'm wet, though I don’t know why I even bothered,' said Cathy, snappy, not meaning to be rude. 'I can manage, there’s no point us both getting wet.' There was something about the woman, the strange, alluring aura of beauty and innocence that surrounded her, and the fact she dried her cat with a single stroke. These things the girl thought odd. 'How did you do that?' she asked.
At the question, the woman raised an inquiring eyebrow. To her nothing out of the ordinary had occurred. 
'Drew, your cat, if you haven’t noticed, he's now dry.' Cathy pondered how this was possible.
'Oh.' The woman seemed to have just noticed. She held out the cat, his back paws dangled in the air, his tail flipped from side-to-side. She placed a kiss on his nose. 'I’m aware he prefers to be dry. Cats often do, they're somewhat fearful of water, or so they should be,' she said, matter-of-factly.
 Cathy climbed out of the pond. 
Again, the woman offered her a hand. 'Thank you,' she said.
Hesitantly, the girl reached out, they exchanged a brief shake of hands. It was amazing. Saving Drew, Cathy knew the stranger appreciated what she had done.
For a moment the girl stood, bewildered by the stranger. When reality returned, Cathy realized the woman was no longer there, both she and the cat had vanished. Still, Cathy noticed Kyle rushing in her direction. As he approached, he bounced her football on the ground.
'You look like you've seen a ghost,' said Kyle.
'I wonder if I have, where has she gone too?’ hissed Cathy, looking all around.
‘There isn't anyone else here.’ 
‘You're teasing. The woman with the cat, she was talking to me a moment ago. You must’ve seen her.’
‘Cathy Tyson, all the while you’ve been here alone.’
'Don’t be stupid,’ said the girl with a frown on her face. ‘The woman, she didn't say her name, I didn’t ask what it was. All I know is Drew, that's the name of her black and white cat. He's short sighted, she said. He slipped into the pond, I jumped in after him, I rescued him from the water. If I hadn't been here the cat would've drowned.'
'Sorry to break it to you. You haven't been near that water, Cathy, you're dry,’ said Kyle. ‘And look around you, there isn’t a woman with a black and white cat in sight.’
Hearing this, Cathy cast a puzzled glance around her, then peered down at her clothes, her T-shirt, her shorts, her trainers. She realized Kyle was right. The chill pond water was gone. Not even her long black hair was wet. 'But I saw the woman and her cat, I’m sure of it. You've got to believe me.'
Kyle gave Cathy a suspicious frown. 
'I'm not joking,' she said, hastily.
'So, say you.'
‘Really, it’s true.’
‘I didn’t say it wasn’t.’ Kyle was suddenly more confused than his friend.
'The woman, she was standing where you are now. And she thanked me for saving drew, she even shook my hand.' Only then did Cathy realize her hand was still raised, and she was holding something. Slowly her fingers uncurled. In her open palm was a folded piece of paper. 
'What's this?' asked Kyle. 
‘I don’t know, I didn’t realize it was there,’ said Cathy.
'Look at the silver edging, the writing,' said Kyle with a gulp, in amazement his eyes widened. 'I've seen silver tickets like that before. I just haven’t been able to get hold of one.'
Where brains were concerned, for once, Kyle was thinking ahead of Cathy. Suddenly it dawned on her what the woman left behind. Cathy had saved her cat, and her thanks went beyond words or shake of the hand. The stranger had left behind a small token of her appreciation, this was far greater than anything the girl would ever have expected. 
'Your imaginary lady friend, she’s just given you a ticket to the Quick Pick Libraries,' said Kyle, he was dumbstruck.
'Where will it be?' wondered Cathy.
'Check the ticket,' said Kyle with a loud sigh, as he rolled his eyes.    
It made sense to Cathy; the location of the Quick Pick Libraries would be printed on the ticket. Eagerly she unfolded it.
'An invitation for two,' she hissed. Her luck still had not registered, this was a dream come true, ever since a little girl, she had always wanted this. 'The Quick Pick Libraries is on Clapham Common.' She looked in the direction of the old, Victorian bandstand, in the distance, it was part hidden behind trees. 'It should be on that green.' She was puzzled.
'There's nothing there,' said Kyle, scratching his head. 'Maybe it's invisible.' 
'It's still earlier, the ticket's dated for tomorrow,' said Cathy.    
'What kid doesn’t want an invite to the world-famous Quick Pick Libraries.' Kyle swung an arm across his friend’s shoulders. 'Cathy, we’ve known each other a long time. I'm your bestie, your plus one. And you’ve a ticket for two. Whatever happens you have to take me too.'
At the idea, slowly, Cathy shook her head, reality was slowly returning, she had other ideas. She broke free from Kyle, then rushed away, calling back as she ran. 'Since my dad was a kid, he's always wanted to visit the Quick Pick Libraries.'
'But you said he doesn't believe in magic; you’ll be wasting your plus one on him!' called Kyle after her.
'I know that, but when he sees the ticket, I’m sure he'll change his mind!' Cathy faced her friend, running backwards, almost tripping over her muddy trainers. 'Sorry Kyle, but I've got to take him, this tickets for both of us.'     
Chapter 2
Meeting of Minds


*
At the Quick Pick Libraries, there was an office that belonged to Lady Rickett, and more often than not, she was late. Seated at the long table, waited Deborah, the eloquent, red dressed, white haired woman. Her back was stiff as a plank, her face poised, void of any human expression. Yet she was impatient. On the chair to the left, raised on plump feathered cushions, with both his feet dangling off the ground, was Nigel, the plump dwarf. He had short, white stubble on his round face, and a head of tangled, white curls. Sat facing them both was Keith, a youthful boy no older than thirteen, yet his eyes held wisdom way beyond his years. His short hair was also white, and a staff of twisted oak wood, crowned with a small star, no bigger than a grape, rested against the arm of his chair.
'I dither with both of you. Where Zach's concerned, to me it seems he's rather cautious, if I might add, to the point of curiosity,' said Keith, his tone of voice wary, he wondered whether his subject could determine what little the three librarians were aware of. 
'How can your pupil be aware of anything?' questioned Deborah. 'You might've taught him well, his abilities are refined, yet, as you know, not without their limitations.'
'As I can, he too travels within his time zone,' said Keith. 
'And yet he isn't able to travel into the beyond,' chided Deborah. 'The Timekeeper can't.' 
Nigel nodded his head in agreement. 'Then you believe his claims could be bluff. That Keith student is merely guessing. Keith, you do spoil him. It could be Zach's picked up on your excitement.'
'Drunken stupor more like, that's what I'd call it, Keith, you're just so easy to read,' said Deborah, with a toss of her eyes. 
Keith pulled a thoughtful face. 'I am, well, that's your opinion, which I don't share with you. But Nigel. You might be right,' he quickly concluded. 'Deborah, now I've a question for you. Your pupil, Tomas, he has a rather extraordinary craft.'
'As do all our pupil,' she said, in her defence. 
'The boy, he's very much like yourself, a Reader, all knowing, surely you're under suspicion he knows something, that which he doesn’t share with you,' said Keith. 
'Never, even to suggest Tomas' a gossip, it just isn't possible. I assure you; he knows nothing. He just isn't that powerful. To know too much, while still in his youth, I daren't put him through that struggle of mind control,' confessed Deborah, coolly.
Keith grinned across the table at her. 'Your star pupil, forever in your protection. The trouble with you is, you can't see he's differences, that which he hides behind. The boy is blind, yet he knows far more than you care to give him credit for.' The librarian shot the dwarf a calculated look.
Nigel returned a sheepish face. 'I get it. Now its my turn,' he grumped.
'Of course,' said Keith. 
'Do tell.' Deborah was interested to hear more. 'How is Sophie, your young pupil?'
'Coming from you, that could be taken as a sarcastic remark, you're never interested in matters that don't concern you,' said the dwarf.
'Come now,' said Deborah. 'It’s apparent to me someone amongst us have placed the seed of hope amongst us all. I simply intend to find out who that someone is.'
'You’re the Reader, you tell me... My Sophie, the Changling, I confess she's good at her craft, but she's not a spy or a mischief maker.' Nigel shook an angry finger at Deborah.
The librarians gave each other a weary glance, they were sworn to silence, Lady Rickett had them vouch under oath, there would be no mention of the elusive girl to any of the pupils. The librarians were beyond treason. Yet they each had their suspicions, news of a girl in their midst, was leaked, and this was done by a member of pupil.
'If it's answers you want, you need look no further than myself, earlier you should've asked me,' said a voice, it was Lady Rickett, and late as always. 'I informed them of the girl in question.' She stepped from the doorway behind her desk, at the other end of the office. Drew, her black and white cat, was cradled in her arms. 'I thought they had a right to know.'
'I should've guessed, there was only one amongst us who would tell,' said Deborah.
'And she told us secrecy was paramount,' added Keith. 'That it was imperative, we shouldn't go raising our pupils hopes. That we've been failing them long enough as it is.' 
'I admit, we still know very little about the girl,' said Nigel.
'Cathy Tyson, that’s her name,' said Lady Rickett, as she sat at the head of the table, on the largest of the decoratively calved, oakwood chairs. Drew curled up in her lap. 
'In our time we've had plenty of names and dead ends too.' The dwarf chuckled. 'At last the name of the mystery child is known to us,' he said, with much relief. 
'A name is hardly enough,’ said Keith. 
'This girl jumped into a pond, she believed she saved Drew from drowning,' guessed Deborah. 'She was unaware the cat can swim. Lady Rickett, I think it's pointless you even considered giving her the silver ticket. Mark my words, it will only go to waste.' 
'Your insights always appreciated,' said Lady Rickett.  She rested her elbows on the tabletop, cradling her chin on linked, steeple fingers. 'If any of you have anything further to add, I'm all ears.' She waited.
The three librarians hankered on the Lady's words, they had further questions, yet held their tongues. Presently they were more concerned with why their superior harboured such hope in this one girl. There were plenty of other children to choose from.
Slowly, Lady Rickett sat back, stroking a hand across Drew's, sleek furred head, and he purred loudly. 'We have decided, and all agree,' she said to her cat. 
'That's between you and your pet friend,' said Keith.
'Neither of you will discuss the issue further with your pupil, for now, I have told them all they must know,' said Lady Rickett.  'If they require further assurances, I've told them to report directly to me for any answers they might seek.'
'I feel somewhat already redundant,' said Deborah, tartly.
'And I even more so,' said the young Keith.
'Cathy Tyson, this girl you've given the silver ticket to,' said Nigel. 'I gather you've another challenge for her.'
'I do,' said Lady Rickett, she pointed with a thin finger.
'Why me?' inquired Keith, with an air of suspicion.
'Because this task is yours... The liquid pool, you'll leave it open, acceptable to her vision, therefore it can't lie. She'll soon see the shape of things to come,' said Lady Rickett. 
'Her future.'
'Can you do it?'
'It's possible, but there's no guarantee. And that which she sees maybe a distorted view and nothing else.' 
'Then tire your hardest, make sure it isn't.  I want to know whether Cathy is the child we seek. And you'll insure I have this knowledge; do I make myself clear?' said Lady Rickett.
At his superior’s brashness, slowly Keith nodded his head. 'My Lady, as you wish,' he replied softly.
Chapter 3
A Question of Time


*
Ronald Tyson puffed out of breath, trying to keep up with his daughter. ‘I admit, I can’t say I don’t find it hard to believe your story,’ he said.
‘Dad I’ve told you a hundred times,’ said Cathy, marching along the tree lined path. 
Ronald struggled to keep up, and all his daughter thought about, was being first in the que, not that there was any chance of that. At the speed her dad was walking, she knew, before the gates shut, they would be lucky to reach them. 
‘A woman gave me the ticket,’ explained Cathy, for the sixth time today. ‘Drew, her cat, he slipped into the pond. I saved him from drowning, the woman, she was thankful. When I got out of the water, she took my hand. At first, I didn’t know what the folded piece of silver paper, in my palm was. I hadn’t even notice it was there. Then Kyle put the question in my head. When I unfolded the ticket, I couldn’t believe my luck. It was an invite for two to the Quick Pick Libraries…’ 
‘Why the long pause?’ asked Ronald. 
‘I’m sorry I didn’t have time to thank the woman, before I could, she was gone. Kyle said he didn’t see her. I know he’s lying; she was there.' 
'And she vanished just like that.’ Ronald snapped a finger and thumb together.  
'I don't know where she went. It was like she wasn't there at all.' Squinting, Cathy tried to make sense of the woman’s sudden disappearance. ‘Kyle's sure he didn't see anyone. I was dry too. Strangely, there wasn’t a drop of water on me. But I did get into the pond.’
‘That’s some story.'
'Dad, Kyle thought that too,' said Cathy. 'I’ve heard a lot about the Quick Pick Libraries. Some say the people there are gifted, witches, wizards, it’s no secret they practice magic.' 
'When I was your age, I wanted to believe that stuff too.' Ronald pulled a doubtful face. Anything beyond his realm of understanding he found hard to grasp. He thought he knew better than his daughter. 'Magic,' he said, his mood soured at the word. 'You’d be mad to believe in that stuff.' 
'You once did.' Cathy reminded her dad. 'There’s a time when you wanted to visit the Quick Pick Libraries just as much as I do.'   
'I was a kid back then, that was long ago, not anymore.' 
‘Now you’re deliberately being over judgmental. Browsing the Quick Pick Libraries website, I’ve seen messages from all over the world. Those who have visited there, their experiences sound like great fun.' 
'And there’re those kids who bully and tease for the fun of it. They've got nothing better to do, so they make up stories for kids like you to believe.' 
'The Quick Pick Libraries isn’t just about stories. There’s magic there too,’ said Cathy, in defence of what she believed in.
‘They say that, but it doesn't mean it’s true.’ Ronald puffed out his cheeks, clearly, he struggled to find his daughters argument anything but credible.
Cathy realized Kyle was right, she had wasted her ticket on her dad, she should have brought her best friend instead. But the girl had no lasting regrets. Beneath his tough exterior, she knew her dad was a softy, he just needed to mellow out. She was sure once they were in the grounds of the Quick Pick Libraries, he would change his mind. He would understand what all the fuss was about.  
‘If there’s magic in that place, this explains everything, I mean, something happened to the woman who gave me the ticket,' said Cathy. 
'You said she altogether vanished, along with her black and white cat.' Ronald looked at his daughter, the expression on his face easy to read, he doubted her.
To Cathy it made sense, to her dad it did not. 
'She has to be a witch, an enchantress, a sorceress,' guessed Cathy. 'That's how she slipped the ticket into my hand and I didn’t notice. And how she was there one moment then was gone the next. And that’s why Kyle didn’t see her... I could’ve given my other invite to Kyle, he wanted to be my plus one.’
‘He’s not anymore, I am,’ said Ronald. There was a slight hint of disbelief in his voice. 
Cathy was aware her dad found her story unbelievable, she too found it hard to believe, not that she cared anymore. The girl knew before long; he would be thankful. 
For his daughter, Ronald had always wanted to secure a ticket to the Quick Pick Libraries. There were often raffles on the website. But a puzzling question too. No one knew where the Quick Pick Libraries would be next, it was a lottery, for relatives and friends, with a fantastic reward for those who entered, and were lucky enough to be picked. For his countless effort, Ronald got to join a que of the disappointed. This was why he now chose not to believe, in the Quick Pick Libraries, and the magic and mystery and spectacle it was shrouded in.
‘It’s alright dad, I know. You think I’m lying about the woman and her cat,’ said Cathy. Sometimes it was hard getting her dad to listen.
‘It isn't that, I’m just saying, that’s some story.’ Ronald had regret etched across his face. He wanted to take onboard his daughters view. ‘Put yourself in my shoes. A vanishing woman, magic and all, it just doesn’t add up… Hey, but what do I know?’
‘Only what I’ve told you,’ said Cathy, warily. 
‘Thanks to you we’ve a silver ticket with your name printed on it. I'll say this, you should save cats more often, overnight, you could turn into a profitable business.’ 
Even if he was joking, Cathy was reluctant to give her dads suggestion much thought. To be realistic, in her lifetime, the chances of her saving another cat on Clapham Common, in the pond, were next to nil. She suddenly turned her attention to the silky, bright coloured wall, the barrier which circled the grounds of the Quick Pick Libraries. Above the pointed peeks, of a sea of colourful tent tops, was a big white tent with a flapping flag atop of it. In bold shimmering writing of silver, was written.
 
(THE QUICK PICK LIBRARIES) 

Cathy and her dad, turned the corner of the barrier wall. The queue at the entrance was shorter than she expected. There was a woman with two boys at the front, and behind them a man with a girl. Cathy and her dad, hurried forwards. All the while, watching, Cathy despaired as a guard drew the righthand gate shut, giving way to the visitors to enter by the remaining open gate. Cathy and her dad were the last of the late arrivals. Yet the girl was hopeful there was still time. If they were a moment later, the gates would both been closed, and their chance of a lifetime gone. It was just as the guard went to the second gate, Cathy and her dad hurried up to the tall guard standing on the other side, the one who had been inspecting tickets. Eagerly the girl handed hers over.
The guard said her name out loud. ‘Cathy Tyson.’ He gave a chuckle.
‘What’s so funny?’ asked Ronald. 
‘Not another one,’ said the guard, standing at the other gate. 
‘Yes, I’m Cathy Tyson,’ said the girl, eager with excitement, wanting to entre beyond the gates. ‘That’s my name on the ticket.’
The guard swiftly shook his head at her. It dawned on Cathy, along with her hopes, her heart sunk to a low ebb, she knew what the guard was about to say next. She hoped by a small act of mercy, she would be proven wrong. 
‘Sorry, you’re out of time.' There was no sympathy in the guard’s gruff, East London accent. He was enjoying his job. 
Ronald quickly challenged the decision to refuse him and his daughter entry. 'What do you mean, out of time?' His brow furrowed; he was furious. ‘That gate’s still open!’ He pointed a finger. 
'In the righthand corner of your ticket, the time's printed. This is the Quick Pick Libraries. For security purposes all late arrivals must be refused entry. I don’t make up the rules, I just carry them out,' explained the guard. 'Unfortunate for you, you and your daughter, you’re fifteen minutes late.'
'A moment ago, you let those people enter.' In protest, Ronald frowned. ‘Just this once can’t you forget about the time.’ 
'Mr Tyson. The tickets of those visitors were valid, their entry, three-thirty afternoon time, they weren’t late.' The guard oozed an air of smugness as he announced this. 'But you are,' he quickly added.
'Oh no.’ Cathy realized her one chance of entering the Quick Pick Libraries had slipped away. ‘Dad, we’re too late, they won't let us in.’
Chapter 4
The Librarian


*
  ‘Good to see you’ve arrived, not a moment too soon,’ said the woman, suddenly stepping from behind the bars of the second gate, that was partway closed. 
‘It’s you,’ said the girl.
‘Cathy Tyson, we meet again. I've been expecting you. I even brought along my old friend to see you.’ She stroked the head of the black and white cat, cradled in one arm, to her chest.
‘Drew.’ Cathy reached out and ran a finger behind his large, pointed left ear, tickling him. Suddenly luck was smiling down on her. Whoever the mysterious woman was, the girl knew she had influence in the Quick Pick Libraries, and if anyone could help, she most likely would. ‘Good to see you too,’ she said.     
The guard protested. ‘My Lady,’ he said to the tall woman. ‘You know how it is, late is late, that’s your law. For security reasons they can't be permitted entry. This rule applies to everyone.’ 
Cathy, looked up at the badge pinned to the guards bright, white shirt. His name was Mike. 
‘There’s just my daughter and I,’ said Ronald, pleadingly, to the woman. ‘You’ve really no idea what this means to her. Refuse us entry, you’ll shatter a young girl’s dream.’  
‘Mr Tyson, tell me, is your daughter interested in reading books?’ asked the woman, bluntly. 
‘Yes, she is,’ he replied.
The woman seemed pleased with the reply. Tilting her head, she squinted against the sun’s glair. ‘That’s good enough for me. At the Quick Pick Libraries there's a book on every subject, for everyone. You might even pick one up yourself.’ 
‘I sure hope too,' said Ronald. 'I’d hate to leave empty handed.’
The other guard, James, who stood at the half open gate, signalled Cathy forwards. ‘I shouldn’t be doing this,’ he said, with reluctantly. Then he pressed a stamp with a five-pointed star, on the back of her hand. After that, he did the same to Ronald. ‘Go right in,’ he said, in a rough, East London accent, very much like that of Mike’s. 'And happy reading.'
Cathy and Ronald, walked beyond the gate, that squeaked shut behind them. At once Cathy was drawn to the sights and sounds all around her. There were stalls everywhere, some sold drinks, snacks, toys and games. And to match the number of stalls, there were just as many tents, big and small, they were all shades of red, blue, orange, green, mauve, and yellow. Some had stripes, squares and dots on them, and others were covered in strange writing. There was also a poster board outside each tent, which gave any passers by a clue to what books and entertainments were inside. 
Eagerly, Cathy searched for the shortest queue, and with her dad following, she rushed towards the Second-hand Library. Amidst the surrounding colour, this tent looked out of place. It was anything but vibrant. It had no eye-catching colour like the other neighbouring tents. It was crooked, tattered, and blown by a slight wind, pieces of dusty cloth, flapped around it. Also, as it swayed back and forth, in the eyes of any passers-by, it appeared unsafe, as though at any moment ready to collapse. This was why no one noticed or showed the slightest bit of interest in the tent.  
An old man sat on a stool outside the Second-hand Library. Bushy white eyebrows hid his small, grey eyes. His hair was long and white. The grimy robe, wrapped round his thin frame, was dark red. In a skeletal, frail hand, he held a thin, twisted, wooden staff, that was crowned by a yellow star, no bigger than a grape. At first appearance, he appeared to be asleep, or in a far-off, trance like state. He did not blink. As they approached, neither did he make any attempt to acknowledge Cathy and her dad.
'We should try another tent.' Ronald waved a hand before the wizened librarian’s face. 'It’s no good, he's out of it.'
'But I want to go inside,' said Cathy.
'We'll try later. At the moment I don’t think that’s possible. Poor man, the heat. It’s zapped the life out of him.' Ronald stepped back.
'Well. Since we're here we could at least have a peek inside.' Cathy reached for the tent flap. Suddenly, the wizened librarian’s twisted staff shot out, guiding her arm away.   
 ‘Keith’s my name.’ He gave the girl a curious frown then sighed loudly. ‘I’m the librarian of the Second-hand Library. Tell me child, who might you be?'
'Cathy Tyson,' replied the girl, unsure what she should say next. 
The wizened librarian clutched his staff in both hands. 'As librarian of the Second-hand Library, I uphold my duty with the utmost, esteem. None can entre without first having requested my permission. To those whom have never venture within the Second-hand Library, I’ve a warning for you.’
‘What’s that?’ asked Cathy. 
‘I say, spare a thought, child, you're in for a treat.' Keith rested his staff across his knees.
'Really.' Pondering, Ronald, tilted his head, squinting, trying to peek inside the tent, through the small gap in the flap. ‘That's some boast.' He gave a slight chuckle, not directly at the librarian, but as though trying to make sense of everything he said. 
In thought, Ronald scratched the short brown stubble on his chin, and he puffed out his cheeks. He was in doubt, and yet, on this occasion he was just as curious as his daughter was. Compared to the surrounding tents, the Second-hand Library was small, no taller than seven feet in height. Cathy gave her dad a baffled look. Not that she was put off by second-hand books, some of the best titles were by old, much loved authors. She thought, minus Keith's vision of grandeur, there was not much inside the tent to read. On entering the tent, she imagined there would be nothing more than a few stacks of dust covered books.   
The wizened librarian ignored Ronald’s mocking chuckle. 'Young man,' he said. His frail, thin fingers spread across his thin, quivering knees, and his staff. 'It might please you to know you're rather privileged to be here. The Quick Pick Libraries itself is a novelty. And might I add. You're my first visitors this sunny afternoon.'
'Great,' said Ronald, with a toss of his eyes.
‘He really means it,’ said Cathy, quickly.
‘Hmmm, what child?’ inquired the wizened librarian, absentmindedly. 
‘It’s good to know we’re your first visitors.’ Cathy smiled. 
'Hopefully you won't be the last.' Keith retuned her smile. 
'Looking at your ten, we just might be,' hissed Ronald, under his breath. He was impatient to get away.
Keith gave him a beady-eye squint. 'I must inform you, if you want to entre you'll have to wait a while longer.' He stiffly directed his attention from dad to daughter. 'Within the Second-hand Library, you’ll find only the most popular, donated books, some very rare, other not so.’ 
‘I don’t mind how many hands a book’s been in, as long as it’s a good read,’ confessed Cathy, her excitement was mounting all the while.
‘Might I add. My books are archived in order, according to the alphabet. Don’t misplace a single book. Or on your way out, when you collect your items, you'll discover an added fee. As a librarian, it's most annoying having to go around replacing misplaced books,' said Keith.
'I'm tidy as can be,' said Cathy, eager to venture inside the tent. 'When I'm finished you won't even know I've been in there.' 
'Very well, so be it on your head. The penalty fine does add up. Let’s hope your dad won’t have to pay it.' The wizened librarian grinned, and a pondering, far off gaze crossed his lined face, then was quickly gone. 'Before entering the Second-hand Library, there's one last detail. I must insist, for your own security, you to wear one of these.’ Putting aside his wood staff, Keith dug around in the bucket to the left of his stool, and took a bright, orange, rubber band from it. ‘Raise your wrist, any one will do,’ he told the girl.  
Cathy screwed up her face.
'Come along, you could try a little harder than that. I haven’t got all afternoon,' chided Keith. ‘Any wrist will do.' 
‘That bands not my favourite colour,’ said Cathy, noticing it was the same sickly colour as her T-shirt. The present her dad had given her, last week, for her fifteenth birthday. She wore it because he pestered her into it, earlier today, saying he had not seen her wearing it. ‘Do I really have to put that on?’ asked Cathy, hoping the librarian would change his mind. 
‘Consider this a simple procedure. No visitor is exempt, and that includes you too,' replied Keith. ‘Child, you’re entering the Second-hand Library. I’m aware what you’re thinking. From outside it doesn’t look all that much.’
Ronald butted in. ‘That’s an understatement,’ he said. 
Keith swiftly continued. ‘I assure you, it’s quite safe to enter, and is far much bigger inside than on the outside.’ 
‘Really?’ gasped Cathy. She eyed the tent, then slowly strolled around it.
‘Be my guest. But first I must insist you slip on this band.' Keith offered it to her.
'For good luck?' asked Ronald, with a chuckle.
'Not at all. To prevent your daughter from getting lost.' The wizened librarian raised a bushy eyebrow at the girl. 'As long as you wear this, I’ll always know where you are. Of course, there are arrows pointing the way, and alphabetical signs which you must follow, but with so many letters, and pathways to take, and books, let’s not forget them. Books. You'll be distracted no end. With all this, I assure you, the way back isn't easy to find.’
‘I don’t mean to sound rude, it’s just.’ Ronald tried hard not to laugh at Keith. But a smile dimpled his cheeks. ‘Your tent's a bit small. If there's anything inside, it’s hard to believe my daughter will lose her way. She’ll be in and out in the blink of an eye.’
Cathy nudged Ronald with an elbow. ‘Dad,’ she said. ‘It isn’t hard to believe there’s magic at work, we are at the Quick Pick Libraries.’ 
'I don’t believe it, the whole ideas dumb. You go ahead.’
'Then you’re not coming too?'
'There isn't enough space for both of us. But if you find a book, one I'd like, get it for me,' said Ronald to his daughter.
Cathy gave a low moan, razed an arm, and allowed the wizened librarian to secure the band around her wrist.
‘There, that wasn’t so bad, was it?’ asked Keith. His bushy, right eyebrow lifted, an inquiring expression spread across his, deep set, lined face. A small grey eye winked at the girl. ‘You too must’ve noticed its bright orange. The same colour as your T-shirt. And I see, you’re left-handed.’ He was quick to notice. ‘Let me think, your dad. By chance does he happen to be right-handed?’ 
‘Yes.’ Ronald was puzzled because the wizened man was correct. ‘But no thanks,’ he said, as Keith went to take another rubber band from the bucket.
‘As librarian of the Second-hand Library, I really must insist,’ said the wizened librarian. 
‘I’ll wait,’ said Ronald. ‘Cathy, find a book or two. And don’t worry about hurrying back. I’ll be here waiting.’
On the outside, Ronald did not show what he thought, but inside he was laughing at Keith’s vision of the Second-hand Library. He thought the rickety, raggedy tent, was also too small to be classed as grand. In the whole of the Quick Pick Libraries, it was by far the smallest tent of all the tents in sight. Cathy held aside the tent flap. Before entering she peered inside and gave a loud cough. The air was thick with dust, it was also dark, she could see nothing.
Chapter 5
Liquid Pool

*
Trying to get her bearings, Cathy turned in all directions, in a haze of orange, the Second-hand Library was lit by dim lanterns, hanging from overhead, wooden beams. There were rows of shelves everywhere she looked. Books of all sizes, varying in topics crammed them. At every junction was a reading area, and four tables of dark polished, mahogany wood, with matching, ornately calved chairs around them. At every turn there were long mirrors, they reflected back the tall, dark wood bookcases. The illusion was the Second-hand Library appeared to be an endless maze. 
      Counting each turning, Cathy was in wide-eyed amazement, she walked up and down many isles, searching, hoping to find at least two or three books. And she did not forget her dad. There had to be a book for him too. With many titles to choose from, this was not an easy task. She now knew why Keith insisted she wear a rubber band. The librarian was right, the tent was much larger than the girl thought possible.
   By the time Cathy had chosen three books, and one for her dad, she was ready to leave. She was on the way to the entrance, crossing a junction, when she was distracted. To Cathy's left, on the floor, was something she thought odd. It looked like a round shaped mirror. Approaching it, she gave a gasp. What she saw was no mirror, but a pool of rippling, liquid light. There was an image at its centre that grew, slowly filling the surface of the circle. Cathy soon found herself gazing down at a girl, sat at a desk. She had a slight chubby build, a pretty face, and black, shoulder length hair. She was Cathy's age, fifteen. At once it dawned on her who the person was. The girl was her. A bright object flashed in the palm of her hand. And in the shadows, watching over her, stood a tall woman. Through the gloom Cathy did not see her face. But she had the strange feeling they had met someplace before.
‘Who are you?’ Cathy wanted to know what was going on. Dropping the books at the poolside, she got to her knees, she leaned over and peered closer. ‘I see you. Why am I there? Say something, tell me what’s going on.’ 
As though they were both about to answer the question, the two reflections in the liquid pool, looked in the girl’s direction. The woman came slowly closer to the girl at the desk. She was the owner of Drew. The black and white cat was cradled in her arms, the woman and the cat, their piercing eyes peered at Cathy. She jumped back with sudden fright. 
 You see me too, don't you? guessed Cathy, all the while she wondered, and a sudden surge of panic, whittled away her courage. I sure hope not. 
Cathy was in denial at what she saw, yet wondered, as she saw them, did they see her too? Then it occurred to the girl they were not looking at her, but something else, and it was in the Second-hand Library. Cathy shot a quick glance over her left shoulder. Before it faded, she saw it in a mirror. The monster was large, with a hairy round body, long, clawed spider legs, and a protruding snout. Quickly Cathy turned away from it. She staggered back from the liquid pool, her eyes were fixed on it, as its surface rippled. From it a shape broke the surface. It was a head of white, straight hair, and from beneath the shimmering liquid the boy emerged, with the substance dripping from his T-shirt, shorts, arms and legs. In his left hand he held a staff.
‘Who are you?’ asked Cathy.
‘Someone you don’t want to know,’ he replied rudely.
‘That isn’t an answer.’
‘I’m not here to answer your questions,’ he said.
‘Then you’re here for a reason, you’ve come to see me,’ guessed Cathy.
‘Don’t flatter yourself,’ he said, the corner of his lip turned up in a brooding sneer. ‘You see it too.’ He indicated with his staff towards the creature in the mirror.
Cathy nodded her head. ‘What is it?’ she asked, peering with disgust at the thing.
To her question there came no answer. Cathy quickly turned back to the liquid pool, it and the strange boy were gone.
Chapter 6
Timekeeper


*
As Keith entered a square seating area, his shoulders were bent, his white hair and beard long, he was aged, wizened in appearance, a shadow of his youthful, former self. The librarian went on ahead of his pupil. There was a bookcase, dotted around it, books were missing.
'Twelve books are gone,' said Zach. 'Shelfs three, two, five, eight.' 
Keith put his staff aside, opened the log book, with its worn, frayed, brown pages, and unclipped the pen. 'Titles.' He gave little thought to this. 
Zach was quick to assist. From author, to year of publication, he gave the title of each missing book. 
'Good, good,' said the librarian. 'Note, continue as you are, one day, you're sure to become better than I am.'
'I doubt that, father, if there's anything I've learnt, there's only one you. The skills you possess. I can only dream of inheriting such power, I'm far from your league.'
'You say this now while you're young, but think to the future. When I was your age, a student of the Lady's, I couldn't dream of ever sharpening my abilities, learning the substance of my star, Astra's blessed gift that's bestowed upon us. The power to transgress the very boundaries of time itself.' For a brief moment, Keith reflected on the past, he pointed a finger at his student. 'The path of time is slow, but as the years pass, blending as one, you'll learn wisdom from your mistakes.'
'You had the best of teachers,' said Zach. He strolled across the seating area, to another bookcase. 'Lady Rickett, she took you in, as you have me.'
'That was then,' said the librarian to his pupil. 'This is now, as far as you and I can see... You've a long way yet, but I'll make you a great librarian than I ever was. That's what you want?'
'Yes father.'
'Good, so do I... Now, let's get back to work, we're not yet halfway through the alphabet, there's a bit further to go. Then we'll rest.'
'I'm the Timekeeper, time stops for no one.'
Hearing this made the librarian chuckle. 'I do remember telling you that, someplace else, when I was much younger than I am now. Unfortunately, sooner or later, age catches up with us all.'
Zach began reading off the titles of lent, library books.
'The girl the Lady speaks of, Keith, who is she?' asked Zach. He took the book from the librarian. 'Whenever I ask this I'm met with a wall of silence. Stop ignoring my question.'
The wizened librarian, raised a bushy white eyebrow, ran his fingers through his beard, then turned slowly from the bookshelf. 'I can hardly keep stock of my books when you will insist on pestering me? The Lady was clear, she said any questions you're to ask her, not your devoted father figure.'
'That's just it, I'm not sure she knows herself. She just hasn't been clear enough.'
Keith snatched back his logbook, flicking through it, finding the page where he had currently been at before he was rudely interrupted. He waved aside his pupil.
'I wasn't where you thought I'd be, when the girl was here. I met her. I'm aware you opened a pool for her, it wasn't like any of the others, it was endured with another ability.'
Hearing this the librarian looked at his pupil. 'Another ability?' He gave a floundering pause.
'You said we can't travel to places ahead of our time.'
'That's the purpose of your skill, young Timekeeper.'
'But she can, the girl, I saw her at the Lady's desk, in her office, a student. '
Keith took hold of his pupil’s arm, pulling him close, he looked about the Second-hand Library, left then right, there was a pensive expression etched across his aged, wizened face. 'Listen to me, I don't know what you think you know, but the affairs of the Lady are none but hers alone. They're not for us to speculate on.'
'Not when she's hiding to much, the pool you left her, it showed her future.'
'It isn't impossible, you know this.'
'It is now, and what's more, I believe you know it.'
The librarian ran his long, thin fingers, through his matted beard. The hem of his ragged, grey robe swept the ground around his leather shoes, he took hold of his twisted staff, which was propped against a bookshelf, and hobbled up the aisle. Zach followed on his heels, aware his teacher wanted to evade any further questioning. Still, the Timekeeper was persistent. 
'It's something about our future, that's what she's about,' guessed Zach.
Keith turned to his pupil with sympathetic eyes. 'You're still here,' he said mindfully.
'Of course.'
'Then I suggest, if you've nothing better to do, assist me with the stock taking.'
'That can wait you've time for that later.'
'Might I remind you there's no excuse for laziness.'
'You once told me we're a product of time.'
'So, you say.'
'Then we needn't rush anything.' 
With the thick stock book clutched to his chest, Keith sighed loudly and continued hobbling along. 'Then you'll note, there's more to time than wasting it. If you don't want to assist me at work, I suggest you go, find Tomas and Sophie, for a change, have a little fun. I'm sure they'll be glad to see you.'
Chapter 7
Storyteller


*
‘Witch Raina told the villagers of Elm Forest, she'd find a way to lift Wizard Troxell’s curse from Elm Town, some of the villagers doubted her.' Lady Rickett, the storyteller, added a hint of mystery to her subtle tone of voice. ‘And others had faith in Witch Raina... Magic warmed the hearts of those villagers that believed in her. While those who did not trust her, their lack of belief left them somewhat afraid. It was on the morning after the full moon, of the seventh month, the very day of his sons unforeseen passing, Wizard Troxell’s curse waned just for that day. He took stock of his spells, and Witch Raina sent forth her challenge, a snake. When early evening dawned over Elm Town, thick fog, that which transformed any townsfolk who ventured into it, to trees, shrubs, or blades of grass, did not return. The victorious, Witch Raina sat on the windowsill of her thatched roof cottage. She watched as the townsfolk trampled along the pathway. As for the snake, it wrapped itself, twice around her arm. She guided its head close to her own.’ Lady Rickett paused, with the large storybook balanced across her knees. 
Sat in the front row, Cathy was glued to her seat, peering up at the stage, she could not take her eyes off her. Lady Rickett was a talented storyteller. The girl only wished she would not stop so often, hesitantly, leaving her and those in the tent, waiting on tender hooks, eager to hear more. As though Lady Rickett had read Cathy's mind, with the flick of a page, she continued reading.    
‘The snakes forked tongue licked Witch Raina's cheek. She felt no fear. If anything, the snake’s act of affection tickled her. The snake hissed. Its work was done.’ Lady Rickett stopped reading. 
There was a long silence, she paused at the right moment, leaving everyone seated in the Storyteller's Library, waiting, eager to discover what would happen next. The snake was sent by Witch Raina, as a challenge to Wizard Troxell. But for its mischievous encounters on its return journey, now its work was done, what fate would the serpent endure?
 ‘Witch Raina assured the townsfolk; the snake was quite harmless.’ Lady Rickett glanced up from the book. 'It did not intend to bite, Mildred, the farmer’s wife, on the bottom. She nearly sat on the snake as it perched, coiled on her wicker rocking chair. And it did not want to scare the children in Mr Hedley’s school, neither did it mean to bring life for the villagers of Elm Town, as they searched endlessly for it, to a complete halt. All the while the snake was trying to find its way home. Then, from her head of black hair, Witch Raina removed her tasselled, cone shaped hat, and slipped the snake inside, sending it back to where it came from.’ Slowly, Lady Rickett closed the book of stories. 'The end...' 
To Cathy's back, the crowd clapped, whistled, and cheered. Wrapped in a Starry, black robe of shimmering silk, again Lady Rickett watched Cathy, from her seat on the stage. Throughout the stories, the girl noticed the storyteller’s eyelids flick up, and more often than not, with a penetrating stare, her eyes fixed on her. At first, Lady Rickett made Cathy nervous. But not anymore. When Lady Rickett turned her head, Ronald had become the centre of attention. Cathy gave a relieved sigh. The girl thought the librarian had altogether forgotten about her dad. 
In a deep trance like sleep, Ronald lay stiff like a plank, hovering behind Lady Rickett, above the stage. He never did like magic. He was only here because Cathy wanted to hear the storyteller’s tales. An hour in, near the end of Lady Rickett's reading, she requested the assistance of a volunteer, a parent was needed. Cathy was shocked when she chose her dad to take part in her closing magic act. Still, Ronald surprised his daughter, without question he agreed to take part. Of course, Cathy protested, she had tried to warn him it was a bad idea. She soon realised she was wasting her breath. Her dad did not listen to her.  
‘Sadly, that’s all,’ said Lady Rickett. With her robe rustling, she arose from her chair. ‘I’ve come to the end of my stories, and tonight’s closing act. It's been a pleasure having you. But before I say goodnight, let’s not forget our star guest… Ladies and gentlemen, girls and boys, time's come to return Mr Tyson, back to his normal state...’ She gave a sudden long pause. ‘Whatever that may be?’ 
The crowd laughed. Lady Rickett acted like she was hard of hearing, the witch put a hand to her left ear, teasing the children. They responded with raised voices. Soon she had them giggling, yelling back at her, and before long their parents joined in.
Cathy had enough, her pent-up anger was near boiling point. ‘I want my dad back!’ she yelled up at the stage.
With a sudden gesturing hand wave, Lady Rickett, signalled for silence. Throughout the crowd, hushed whispers faded into silence.
‘My dad,’ said Cathy, humbly, as heads turned, the crowd looked in her direction. ‘I want him back this instance.’
‘It’s funny you should request this.’ Lady Rickett smiled down at the girl. ‘I assure you I haven't overlooked him.'
'I'm not sure about that.' She frowned up at her. 'He seems to be in the same state you left him in over half an hour ago.'
Lady Rickett waved a dismissive hand and gave a chuckle. 'Young girl, I assure you, there's no cause for alarm. As promised, before your dad volunteered, I'll uphold my duty. I intend to return him to you.’
From her head of long, white hair, Lady Rickett removed her cone shaped hat. The white star at its tip shone bright, and from its brim, glittering dust showered over Ronald.
‘Mr Tyson,’ said Lady Rickett, her voice was clear and commanding. ‘Hear my voice, it’s time you woke up.’ 
Pressing her knuckles to her cheeks, Cathy cringed. Her dad stirred back to life and plunged from the air. Lady Rickett swiftly caught him in her arms, bringing to an end what was her amazing show. She assisted Ronald, helping him find his feet. At first, he was dazed, his mouth gaped open, then he realised where he was, standing at Lady Rickett's side, in front of a hundred spectators, on the stage. Hand in hand with Lady Rickett, he began bowing to the clapping, cheering audience. His face turned a bright red, he liked the sudden attention thrust on him.
‘Mr Tyson, this round of applause is for you,’ said Lady Rickett, stepping aside, as she clapped her hands too. A moment later she signalled for silence and raised her voice. ‘I'm sure you all enjoyed this evening’s show! Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for coming! Girls and boys, none of this would be worthwhile without you!’
Again, the stripy yellow tent was filled with cheers and even louder whistles.
‘Am I free to go?’ Ronald asked Lady Rickett.
‘Mr Tyson… Wait a moment, before you go there’s one last thing. It’s my pleasure to inform you about the raffle. The names of every child at the Quick Pick Libraries this evening, was entered into it. I'm glad to inform you, Cathy Tyson’s name's been selected. If it’s no trouble, later, before you leave, I’d like to hand your daughter her prize.’
'Her prize,' repeated Ronald, he was surprised by the discovery.
'Of course, your daughter wasn't informed about this, none of the children are. It's a secret raffle, minus any expectations. I'm sure you understand, I don't aim to disappoint them.' 
'Of course not.' Ronald gave his daughter an excited thumbs up sign. ‘I'm sure when I give her the news, Cathy will be pleased to accept the surprise, whatever it is,’ he said.
Soon after that, Cathy and Ronald left the Storytellers Library, they walked along a wide lane, there was a line of tents on both sides. From tent top to tent top, strings of orange and green lights, dangled overhead. There were tents with food, others with souvenirs, and puppet shows. Cathy and her dad cleared a patch of grass, across a square, when they heard a soft singing voice. It came from the tent of Tulia, the Singing Mermaid. 
Ronald bantered on, claiming how ridiculous his daughter was to believe, in the large tent, there was a real mermaid. Cathy ignored her dad; she had her own opinion. Whoever sang, did with a flawless harmony, and a tone the girl thought utterly bewitching. Cathy and Ronald crossed to the entrance of the tent and stepped inside. Beneath the shade of the purple cloth, out of the heat, it was suddenly cooler. The glass tank in front of them was full of murky, green colour water, there were threads of seaweed floating around in it. The glass tank almost filled the whole tent. There was a platform above, near its brim, that was reached by two ladders on either side. Cathy hurried ahead of her dad, she clambered up the steps, onto the high platform. At once she halted, with an air of excitement, she observed the boy. He was standing by the brim of the glass tank. He was sixteen, a year older than the girl. Though his silky, white, shoulder length hair and eyebrows, gave him a slightly older appearance. He wore a black T-shirt, and blue denim shorts, and sandals on his feet. He was happy, unaware he was being watched; he sang along to the mermaid’s song.
'The voice of a mermaid,' hissed Cathy, over her shoulder, to her dad. She was in wide-eyed wonderment, not wanting to disturb the boy.
Ronald shook his head; he chose to disagree. 'No, I'm sure there's an explanation. Sound speakers I say.'
'Where,' hissed Cathy, casting her gaze up, around the cone shape roof. 'There aren't any. Dad, it doesn't matter what you think, I know that's the song of a mermaid.'
Cathy and Ronald peered at the boy; both his hands were pressed to the glass tank. The water inside it was calm. Then the seaweed began swaying, faster and faster, and a figure swiftly passed in front of the boy.
Ronald bent to his daughter's ear. 'A large fish,' he hissed.
It was now Cathy's turn to disagree. 'Wait and see,' she hissed back, believing there was more to this sudden occurrence, and she would soon be proven right.      
 Ronald suddenly sneezed, alerting the boy to their presence. Startled, he stopped singing, his head turned in the direction of the strangers, he ran. Before the girl had time to apologize for her dad scaring him, the boy headed away from them. At the same time, the song of Tulia, the mermaid, came to an abrupt end. All that could be heard was the water sloshing around in the glass tank.
'Sorry if we startled you,' said Cathy. 
The boy said nothing, he began a hasty retreat, down the ladder. Cathy turned to her dad with a angered face. She remembered Kyle's offer. She knew she should have accepted it; her best friend would have made a better plus one than her dad. The water sloshing in the glass tank drew both their attention. A large webbed tail, that of a fish, slap back into the water, creating a turbulent splash. Water showered briefly over the two spectators; they were thankful it was not enough to drench them through.  
'That's a large fish,' said Ronald.
'It wasn't a fish, it's Tulia, the mermaid,' said Cathy.
'I told you there aren't such things,' he said. 'It was a big fish, that's all.'
'I'm not sure you’re right. I've my own opinion,' said Cathy. 'Whatever that was it isn't a fish,' she concluded. 
After leaving the tent of Tulia, the Singing Mermaid, Cathy and Ronald, visited some of the other libraries. There were many to choose from. Time was fast running out, there was hardly enough left to see everything the Quick Pick Libraries had to offer. When the evening came to an end, Cathy was pleased she had the most unforgettable time. Before she and her dad, went to the main entrance, to collect their books, there was one last thing that needed to be done. Cathy had a prize to collect.
Chapter 8
The Prize


*
Cathy and Ronald entered the secretary’s reception area, in the small caravan. In bold black writing, the plaque on her desk had, (Sadie Deep) printed across it. The receptionist was seated behind her desk, busy sealing brown envelopes, she was unaware of the new arrivals. Only when Ronald sneezed loudly, the secretary peered over the rim of her tinted, orange glasses, at him. 
‘Sorry if I startled you,’ he apologized. ‘It’s hayfever season.’ 
Sadie looked at Cathy, her face lit up, she knew who the girl was. Quickly she pressed a digit on her desktop phone. ‘Lady Rickett, I've good news,’ she said with excitement.
‘That was quick,’ replied a voice.
‘Lady Rickett. They’ve just this second arrived.’ 
‘Good, show the Tyson’s through to my office, thank you.’ 
Sadie stood up from her chair, she waved a hand to the door on her left. ‘This way please,’ she said. 
The secretary led Cathy and Ronald across the small reception area, then opened a door, leading them into Lady Rickett’s office. The caravan was much larger than Cathy thought. From outside it looked as though only the reception area could fit into it, this joining office was much larger. On the wall facing Cathy, hung a large, gold framed painting of Lady Rickett. The witch was wearing her black, starry robe, and pointed, tasselled hat. Along the slightly curved walls, books lined shelves reaching from ceiling to floor. At the centre of the office was a colourful wool rug. In the right corner, near a wide window, was a coat stand, and near next to it, a large, comfy chair. To one side of the office was a long wooden table, polished to a waxen shine, and around it, a group of high-backed chairs, with a slightly larger, single chair at the head of the table.  
‘Lady Rickett's on the way. She would've come sooner, but work's a priority to her. She's a few loose ends to tie up.’ Sadie gave a hesitant sigh. ‘All afternoon and evening she's been telling stories and performing magic.’ 
‘It sounds like Lady Rickett could do with a well-earned rest,’ said Roland.  
‘She’s devoted her life to the running of the Quick Pick Libraries, it means everything to her,' the secretary told him. 'To the Lady, while she's enjoying giving so much this isn’t work, it never has been.’
‘I enjoyed her stories,’ said Cathy. ‘As for the magic show, I shouldn't say it, my dad made a fool of himself. Still, Lady Rickett delivered a great magic act.’
‘And no performance's ever the same.' Sadie gave the girl a warm smile. She wrung her hands together, a look of delight, brightened her round, chubby face. 'Child, if only the Lady was here to hear you say that, she'd be so pleased. I agree, she's an effortless performer. She likes nothing more than sharing her talent, it gives her hope... A sense of release you might say...'
'Release from what?' inquired Ronald, squinting with lingering interest, etched across his face. 
'The pain which she's no control over,' said Sadie.
'Pain,' hissed Cathy. 
'The Lady, she's...' Again, Sadie helplessly wrung her hands together. She gave the girl a humbling stare. 'She's, dying, but don’t you ever go telling I've told you this. Forget I even mentioned it. It's a secret.’
 ‘Lady Rickett, dying.’ A shocked expression came over Ronald's face. ‘Cathy, it's late. We really shouldn't be here. I think we should be going. Sadie, please tell Lady Rickett, we're sorry for disturbing her. I'll be back with my daughter tomorrow afternoon.’  
'Mr Tyson, you're going nowhere.' As she shook her head at him, Sadie’s mood gradually changed. On her kind face there was now a puzzled frown. 'The Lady wouldn’t think of it. She's promised your daughter her prize, and no matter what, she’ll deliver on her word. Until then, please be seated at the desk. While you’re waiting, would either of you like any refreshments, tea, coffee, or something cold to drink?'  
At the same time, Cathy and Ronald shook their heads.
‘Okay, I’ll see you both on the way out,’ said Sadie, as she left the office.
Cathy sat on a chair, impatiently she drummed her fingers, rhythmically on the desktop. ‘Dad, it’s ten- thirty,’ she said impatiently, wanting to get home to sleep.
‘Sadie's informed Lady Rickett we've arrived,’ he said. ‘She's aware we’re waiting, I'm sure she won’t be much longer.’
‘I hope not. On our way here, I noticed, the tents are closing,’ Cathy reminded her dad. 
‘There's nothing to worry about, I don’t think they’d lock us in,' he said. 'On the way out, at the gates, we've our books to collect. What concerns me is the time.'
'Dad, I'm not a baby anymore.' 
'I know you’re on your school break for the summer holidays, but it doesn’t mean your old routine goes out the window. I don't want you up all hours of the night... Not that I’m complaining. You’ve waited long enough to visit the Quick Pick Libraries, I’m glad you had a good time.’ 
‘Thanks for coming with me. Dad, you’re the best,’ said Cathy, as he went to sit on the chair next to her, the girl smiled up at him. ‘I’ve enjoyed this evening. I won't forget it.’  
‘I have a secret to tell you too, neither will I,’ said Ronald, although he still found it hard to believe in the magic of the Quick Pick Libraries, his confession to his daughter was true.
It was not long until Lady Rickett stepped from the door behind the desk. Her long white hair was tied back in a tight bun. Her dark olive skin glistened, there was a taint of red on her lips, and a shade of brown on her eyelids. She wore a silken red dress, and high strapped sandals on her feet. In a hand she held a small silver box. She wiped a tear from the corner of her left eye. 
‘Forgive me. I seem to be somewhat soppy this evening. I couldn’t help overhearing both your comments. Those pleasant remarks on the Quick Pick Libraries, they're what make my lifetimes work worthwhile.’ She sat across the desk facing Cathy and Ronald. ‘I hope I haven’t kept you waiting too long?’
‘Not at all, my daughter and I were just getting comfy,’ said Ronald, he found it hard to believe, Lady Rickett was in poor health, to him, she looked radiant and healthy.
Lady Rickett waited until the girl stopped drumming her fingers on the desktop. ‘Cathy Tyson.’ She gave her a warm, merry smile. ‘I'm sure I needn’t go into details about the nature of this visit. Mr Tyson, your dad would've already told you why you’re here.’
Cathy sat up straight. For years she had dreamt of visiting the Quick Pick Libraries, and here she was, sat facing the owner. The girl was in awe of Lady Rickett. ‘Dad says, it's something to do with the secret raffle, and the prize I’ve won,’ said the girl.
‘He's right, it does.' Lady Rickett, tapped a slender nail on the silver box. 'I have it here. I know you’ll like it.’ 
Cathy glanced at the small object with eagerness. 'I'm easily pleased,' she said, wondering what smaller object would fit inside the box.
‘Not many children have sat where you are.' Lady Rickett shifted the box, rotating it on the tips of her nails. 'Cathy. It gives me great pleasure to give you your prize.’
The girl leaned forwards, watching, almost hypnotised by the glistening, polished box. ‘I like surprises.’ She was unable to stop grinning. 
Ronald grinned back at his daughter. He playfully ruffled her hair with grabbing fingers.
‘I give you this.’ Lady Rickett slowly opened the box's lid, then slid it across the desktop. ‘I hope you like what you discover,' she said. 'Whatever happens, keep it safe.’ 
Cathy peered into the box, she was taken back, dazzled by the Star, no larger than a white grape, that glowed back at her. 

**

When at home, in the lounge, Cathy could not stop looking at the Star. ‘Cool,’ she whispered, grinning from ear to ear, so much, her jaw began to ach. ‘Now you're mine, what do I do with you?’ 
Before long, it dawned on Cathy she knew nothing about the Star, which shone with a mystical beauty. All she knew was she held something she thought was precious. It seemed; in her palm she held a piece of the night sky. Cathy ran a finger gently across the Star, its points flickered, swayed, then followed the direction of her fingertip. She had no way of knowing why it did this. If it was meant to happen, it must have been for a reason. When leaving Lady Rickett’s office, she should have asked how the Star worked. Now it was too late. Alone, the girl would have to discover what her prize was.   
Stroking the Star, a second, third and fourth time, Cathy observed as its points of light came alive. It gradually became warmer. A strange feeling crept through her fingertip, with a slight gasp, Cathy dropped the Star into the box. She raised a hand to her gaping mouth. 
Cathy was both shocked and surprised. ‘It felt, alive,’ she hissed, puzzled by the strange occurrence. 
‘Cathy!’ Ronald’s voice called from the kitchen next door. ‘It's late, I said no television, read a book instead, or find a use for that stone, you know, the one Lady Rickett gave you!’
Cathy realized she had been talking out loud. Warily, she picked up the Star once Moore. She wondered if this was the right thing to do? Suddenly a voice echoed in her mind, with a warning, telling her not to touch the object. She should have listened and left it in the silver box. Still, the Star lured her, she was entranced, captured by its dazzling beauty. Cathy could think of nothing else. 
The girl did not see the thick fog, until her mind was already shrouded by its influence. In that instance she was transported someplace else. She was not alone. She was sure there was another someone here too. Cathy called out, there was no reply. The silence was lingering, the creeping fog became colder, then a stench festered on the air, lingering in her nostrils. 
Cathy Tyson... 
The girl jumped, her heart skipped a beat, the Star, she wished suddenly she never set eyes on it.
‘Cathy.’ Ronald shook her by the arm. ‘Are you alright?’ he asked.
As the fog cleared, the girl was glad to be home and safe. She had no idea how long her dad watched over her. It was just now she noticed him, standing there, his eyes fixed on the Star, he frowned. 
‘Dad, I'm alright, but the Star, I don't think it’s what it seems.’ Cathy wanted to know if he saw what she had. 
 ‘I hope you’re not upset with the prize, Lady Rickett made it sound like more. She's given you.’ He paused. A puzzled look crossed his face, he was disappointed for his daughter. ‘It’s a stone, that's all. I thought it would be something else. If anything comes of it. You can always start a stone collection.’ Ronald handed his daughter a hot cup. ‘I made you your favourite, hot chocolate. Drink up before it gets cold.’ 
It dawned on Cathy; her dad did not see the Star for what it was. He knew nothing about the thick fog, he never felt the ghostly warmth, that which had crept up through his daughter's finger, he never smelt the lingering stench, nor did he hear the strangers voice, that which whispered her name.
Cathy Tyson…                       
Chapter 9
Curiosity

*
'Who is she?' asked Sophie, the young girl of eleven, she was pretty, with long white hair, and rose red cheeks. 
'I don't know,' said Tomas, the older white-haired boy, he was sightless at birth and never regained his sight since then. 
Sophie led him by the arm, into the bright, mauve coloured, silken tent. At present Deborah was nowhere to be seen. Tomas and Sophie took this opportunity to do some investigating. As they entered, Sophie let go of Tomas' arm and ran across the tent, with its eloquent gathering of glistening silk, gathered at the tip of the pointed roof. Twinkling orbs of light hung on the air, illuminating the otherwise empty space, but for the glossy white table and two chairs at its centre. Sophie ran to one of the orbs of light. She reached up, plucking it from the air in both her hands, watching with confusion as it shrank in size, then altogether vanished. A moment after it appeared again. 
'I can't grasp hold of them,' said Sophie, in her disappointment. 
'I told you not to touch anything, we shouldn’t be in here, not without my mother's promotion,' said Tomas. 'Debra, she knows things we don't. Give her enough evidence and she'll report you to the Lady, and the Lady will report you to Nigel, and we don't want that.'
'Sorry,' apologised Sophie. 
'Alright just don't touch anything else. Leave the prying to me.' With little difficulty Tomas, who knew his way around the Quick Pick Libraries, made his way to the table and sat on a chair.  'I   doubt whether the librarians will tell us anything of importance, if we want to find out about Cathy, this is the only way.'
'Are you sure it isn't better just to ask her?'
'Sophie when are we ever going to get another chance? The Librarians aren't going to let us anywhere near her, they say she's too important.'
Sophie shook her head. She stood at Tomas' shoulder, remembering when she was first enlisted into the Quick Pick Libraries. 'Nigel told me that too.' She pulled a glum face. 'She might replace us.'
'Don't worry Sophie, this is different,' assured Tomas. 'No one’s ever going to take our place, this is our home.'
Hearing this Sophie's mood lightened, she saw no reason why the librarians, those closest to them, their guardians would ever desert them for the strange girl, the new arrival.
'I'm not as powerful as my mother, but this shouldn't take too long,' said Tomas. 'If you want, go, watch the exit, if you see Deborah, she can't find us. We have to be out of here at once.'
'No,' said Sophie. 'I'd rather wait, you said this won't take long.'
'It won't, at least I hope not.'
'I gather you haven't tried this before,' guessed Sophie.
'In the past, there's been no need too, Deborah hasn't taught me yet, but I know two principals she draws on, by which she reads things,' said Tomas.
Tomas raised a hand above the tables surface, his eyelid pressed shut, his free hand clutched the object, hanging by the thin chain around his neck. He concentrated. A dull shimmer came from the object, then in front of him, at the table centre there came a spark. The beginnings of an orb. It grew, hovering on the air, Tomas tuned his focus. The questions on his mind, yet to be answered, he heightened his awareness enabling him to register a link with the mysterious girl. Yet still, Cathy posed more questions than he was able to answer. Before long his prying altogether faltered. Tomas withdrew with a deflated sigh.
'Somethings wrong isn't it?' asked Sophie.
Tomas sat back, his hands in voluntary wrung as he vented his frustration. 'I wasn't even close, my mother always makes it seem so simple, I've a long way to go before I can match her ability.'
'You could try again,' said Sophie.
Tomas and curled his fingers, the orb of light faded away. 'Sorry I'm done with trying, we should call it quits, tomorrow the Lady's going to summon us all to a meeting.'
'You're guessing.'
'She's bound to.'
'Then you're right.' 
'This girl Cathy, I'm sure she'll be there too.'
'But I can't wait until tomorrow,' protested Sophie, with a grumpy face.
'And why's that?' asked a voice from behind.
At once Tomas knew who it was, he turned his head to the figure, standing at the tents entrance. With her hands placed on hips, and the folds of her red dress hiding the slippers on her feet, she waited. 
Sophie turned around with her eyes fixed on the librarian. 'Deborah,' she gasped in shocked surprise.
'You weren't expecting anyone else, I'm sure of this,' said the librarian, coolly. 
'Mother, I can explain,' said Tomas, quickly standing up from the chair, turning swiftly to her.
'Enough,' snapped Deborah, her voice was harsh, her manner motionless. 'Sophie, I’m aware you should be elsewhere.'
Sophie was stomped for words, if not playing truant, she would have been in class, with librarian Nigel, learning all manner of stuff only a changeling could. 'It isn't his fault, I put Tomas up to this.'
'And I don't think so,' said Deborah back.
'It's the stranger, the girl,' said Sophie, about to explain more. 
'Save your breath,' said Tomas. 'She already knows.'
'Then she also knows we don't want to be replaced by her,' said Sophie. 
At the Changeling girl's rant, Deborah raised a thin, white eyebrow. 'Sophie, as I was just saying, you're wanted in class, I'm sure you'll find Nigel's waiting.' She held aside the tent flap and stepped aside.
Deflated, Sophie said goodbye to Tomas, then she made her way across the tent, halting at the opening. She glanced up into the tall librarian's stern featured face. 'It really isn't his fault,' she told her. 'It's just, the girl... Who is she?'
'I've no doubt Zach's put you up to this, you should spend more time in class, and less time listening to his troublesome tongue. I think I'll have a word with his teacher,' said Deborah, flatly. 'Now, that will be all.'
Sophie gave the librarian a meek smile, then glanced around at Tomas, she gave a slight wave, aware he could not see her action, she left.
Deborah's footsteps made no sound on the polished, wood floor, as she approached her pupil. She knew what he had attempted to do. She thought him foolish for trying, he was too young to attempt such a feat. She would teach him how to read deeper into things, but only once she knew he was ready, and she would rush nothing.
'I can't see her, why is this?' asked Tomas, his frustration was clear.
The librarian said nothing.
Tomas frowned. 'Just because I can't hear you it doesn’t mean you’re not there.' he said.
'Precisely, and there's your answer,' said Deborah, subtly.
It then made sense to Tomas; he had never seen Cathy. 'I wouldn't know what she looks like, we haven't met.'
'But you soon will.'
'Then the Lady will extend her an invite, I thought as much.'
'Cathy Tyson has the Star, therefore, the Lady must proceed without hesitation.'
'The girl, I want to see her,' confessed Tomas.
As Deborah walked around the table, her sight remained fixed on the boy in her care. 'Before long you will,' she assured him, sensing his inpatients. She circled the table. 'Sit,' she instructed. 
Tomas did as he was told, the librarian knelt by him, she placed a comforting hand across his. He drew comfort from her touch. The fear of the unknown, his failure, his lack of vision, and his blame eased away. Tomas felt focused again. 
'I'm not a failure,' he hissed.
'You never will be,' said Deborah. 'I've raised you above that.' The librarian stood, observing her teenaged pupil, it was time for class.
 
Chapter 10
Friend in Need


*
The following morning, shortly after her dad left for work, Cathy picked up her mobile and phoned Kyle, her best friend.
'Lucky for you,' he said, in his voice were subtle tell-tale tones of jealousy. 'If you're calling to gloat, I don't want to hear.'
'Don't be stupid, I wouldn't do that,' replied Cathy. Her experience at the Quick Pick Libraries was memorable. But this was not what she wanted to talk about. The Star, it shadowed everything that went before it, and was top of her priorities. 'Kyle, we've been friends for a long-time.'
'Last time I checked we were, friends.' He became suddenly curious.
'There's something, it was given to me by Lady Rickett, the owner of the Quick Pick Libraries.'
Hearing this, Kyle gasped out loud. 'You've actually met her. I told you, you should've brought me along.'
'She gave me a box, I won it in the surprise raffle.'
'A box, it isn't much of a prize, you've been duped.' 
'It’s what's inside the box I'm calling you about. There's something about it.'
'You sound scared.'
'Kyle, I am.' 
'Cathy Tyson, that's the dumbest thing I've ever heard you say.'
'I'm not joking, inside the box there's an object, and something about it isn't right.' 
'Don't tell me, there are pictures of pouncing lions, gorillas and bears. That wouldn't scare me.' Down his mobile phone, Kyle gave a loud chuckle. 'Come on, get real. It's a box with a trinket inside. If you don't want it, I'll have it.'
Cathy thought about this, she concluded, perhaps Kyle would make better use of the Star. She did not want it, he did. The girl knew her friend. He would put the Star on the internet, with a bid, and beside it a caption. A token prize from the Quick Pick Libraries. Cathy was sure the Star and its silver box would fetch a high bid. Not that she cared what happened to the Star. 
'That's a done deal,' she said down her mobile phone. 'My dad’s just left for work.'
'I'm free, come around if you want,' said Kyle, excitedly, eager to see the relic from the Quick Pick Libraries. 'And don't be long I'm at home waiting.' 
Cathy ended the call, she rushed from the lounge, into the passage, she checked the right pocket of her shorts. The front door keys were there. She hurried up the flight of steps to her bedroom. The door was partway open, on her chest-of-draws was the silver box. At the sight of it, sudden dread came over the girl. With a wary stride she approached. Cathy paused, her hand hovered over the box, she took comfort, aware, soon the Star would be gone from her life. For this she felt a twinge of gladness. Quickly the girl stuffed the box into her shoulder bag, turned, then hurried onto the landing. Cathy had an appointment with Kyle to keep.

**

Kyle's house was not far, from The Chase, where Cathy lived, Clapham Old Town was in close walking distance. When she rang the doorbell Amanda, Kyle's mum, answered the door. Her appearance was scruffy. Nowadays, she was a shadow of her former self. She was once well kempt, wore smart clothes, and her face was pretty with makeup. Back in the day, Amanda frequently visited Frizz, the salon owned by Cathy's mum and dad. Amanda would attend at least twice or three times a month. Sometimes she had her hair dyed, permed, trimmed, or a facial, or nail or hair extensions.
        As Cathy stood on the doorstep, the first thing she noticed about Amanda, her hair was a mess, and the thick, black eyeliner under her eyes, was smeared down her cheeks. Cathy was aware Amanda was going through a hard patch in life. Divorced, two years ago, form a wayward, cheating husband, she struggled, coping with five children, all under Cathy's age. What made thing worse for Amanda, she was now a heavy drinker. When she said hallo, the pungent smell of alcohol lingered on her breath.
'Hi,' said Cathy. 'Is Kyle home?'
'That's a question.' Amanda looked the girl up and down as though she might be joking. 'Don't act like you don't know the answer. I heard him talking on his mobile phone. Can't say he's gone further than his bedroom since. You'd better come in.' With an arm raised across the doorframe, she stood aside, allowing Cathy to walk under the bridge of her arm. 

***

Kyle shared his bedroom with Patrick, his youngest brother, as always it was a mess. There were unwashed clothes, sweet wrappers, drink cans, and comics on the floor. And toys scattered everywhere. 
'Hey,' said Cathy, standing in the doorway, seeing Kyle alone, sat on the floor, playing a game on his computer console. 'It looks like world war three's gone on in here.'
'There's nothing new, it's Patrick,' said Kyle, his eyes were glued to the television screen, and the game he played. 'I can't help it if my brother's a little mess maker.'
Cathy picked up a magazine from the floor. 'Fast cars.' She dropped it. 'I can’t imagine a boy of five reading this stuff.'
Kyle gave a sigh and set pause on the game. 'Alright, you haven't come to lecture me on domestic duties, I get enough of that from mum. I'm interested in the thing you’re eager to get rid of.' He jumped to his feet. 
'Firstly.' Cathy paused, the Star, and her motives for wanting to get rid of it, she had no intention of revealing to much about. 'I didn't say I was eager about anything.'
'On the phone it sure sounded like it.' The left corner of Kyle's mouth turned up. 'We're friends, have been for a long time. Buddy, you're oozing desperation.'
Cathy's best friend was fast becoming a pain. From her shoulder bag, quickly she took the silver box. 'Here.' She offered it to him. 'Take it.'
'That's a pretty little tin box you've got there. What's inside it, jewellery?' asked Kyle.
At this question Cathy had mixed feelings, a slight twinge of regret, drawn between right and wrong. The object inside the box scared her, but not Ronald, her dad, therefore, she guessed it might be the same for Kyle. When Cathy touched the Star, she thought it possible, what she experienced was confined to her alone. Hesitantly she opened the box. Kyle stood at her side, there was a keen expression on his face. 
Cathy turned her gaze away from the Star. 'Go on, they're yours, take it, the box too,' she said. 
Kyle became suddenly serious. 'You're joking.' He was none to impressed by what he saw. 'Wasting my time as usual. You should've brought your football instead; we could've had a kick around on Clapham Common.'
'Kyle, what're you saying. The Star's yours. Sell it for all I care. Just do me a favour and get rid of it,' said the girl, bluntly, noticing her friend was uninterested with what she offered him. Then it dawned on her, she had guessed right. 'I get it. You don't see it, do you?'
'Cathy Tyson, a stone's a stone, that's all.' Kyle gave her a glum face. 
'I don't know why you don't believe me... Dad said the same thing, he saw a stone too, but I'm telling the truth. It isn't what you think it is. I think, maybe you've got to believe in it, then you'll see it.'
'A stone.'
'The Star.' Cathy was becoming desperate, she just wanted to get rid of it. 'Kyle, please, just take it and sell it,' she pleaded with him.
'Whatever you think is inside that box, it definitely isn't what you say it is. That stone's worthless. And the tin box’s worth even less.' Kyle shook his head at Cathy. 'There isn’t any proof it even came from the Quick Pick Libraries, if I placed an ad, no one's going to believe me... The stone won't sell.'
Hearing this, Cathy became gloomy, she was resigned to the fact, Kyle was steadfast to his belief. He would not help her cause. Putting the silver box in her shoulder bag, Cathy then retrieved her football. 'I knew it wouldn't be any good coming here, but I tried.'
'You could try flushing it down the toilet.'
'No, I'll decide what's to be done. For now, a least we can have a kick around, over on Clapham Common,' said Cathy.
'Cool.' Kyle returned her smile. 'I'll beat you this time,' he said.
'Dream on dummy,' said Cathy.   

****

At the football pitch on Clapham Common, in view of the Quick Pick Libraries, Cathy and Kyle had a kick around with her ball. It was fun, but for the fact Kyle kept score, and it was his lucky day. He was winning. Half an hour into the match, they rested, sitting between the poles of the goal. Cathy rummaged through her bag. 
'A cheese and pickled sandwich, a packet of salted crisp, and an apple.' The girl handed them over to her friend. His face lit up. 'We can share the water,' she said, plonking the two-litre flask on the grass between them.
'Here.' Kyle tossed the red apple in the air, then offered it back. 'Haven't you got something a bit sweeter in there?' he asked, indicating with a thumb to Cathy's bag.
'Dad says sweets, they're no good. He doesn’t want me to eat too much sugary stuff.'
'What does he know? Your dad’s a hairstylist, not a dietitian.' Kyle rolled his eyes skywards. 
Cathy delved back into her bag. 'Your lucks in.' She took out a half melted, chocolate bar. 'Don't say I don't give you anything.'
'Fair exchange,' said Kyle.
Cathy and Kyle swapped the apple for the chocolate bar. The girl then took a gulp of water from her flask, and Kyle removed the foil from his sandwich and eagerly bit into it.
'What's it like in there?' He nodding his head in the direction of the Quick Pick Libraries.
'Big,' replied Cathy.
'I can see that.'
'Really, when inside, it's much bigger than it looks from outside.'
'Now you're confusing me.'
'When I was there, I felt the same, confused. There're souvenir stools, food stools, and tents. A whole city of them. And special ones, there's a Storyteller’s Library, a Library of Change, a Second-hand Library, and a Library of Knowledge. And the librarians are truly gifted people. There're things, and places under the roofs of colourful tents, they can't be explained, just enjoyed.
'It's magic.'
'Yeah, you could call it that. Though it’s a shame, my dad, he still doesn’t believe.'
'You went and wasted your ticket on him.' Kyle sighed loudly. 'I told you I should've been your plus one. Your dad's too old for all that stuff.'
Cathy agreed. 'He is,' she said, before biting into her sandwich. 'It was a struggle getting him there. And when we were inside even harder trying to get him to believe. He had an answer for everything that wasn't normal, but strange and magical.' Cathy thought back, she remembered her dad levitating above the stage, held by Lady Rickett's spell, as she read a story, and told Kyle all about it.
'Cool,' he said, after she had finished explaining. 'And after all that he still doesn’t believe in the Quick Pick Libraries. If you ask me, your dads made of stern stuff.'
'I think Lady Rickett softened him up a bit. But I know dad, he's forever in denial. He only believes what he wants too.' Cathy finished her sandwich and bit into her apple.
'Adults do that,' said Kyle. 'Believe what they want. It’s called growing up.'
'And we're just the kids,' said Cathy, sounding disappointed.
After finishing their pack lunch, Cathy and Kyle headed off. Cathy walked her friend part way home. They strolled across the lush, green grass of Clapham Common, along the way, they passed the Quick Pick Libraries and Mike and James. The guards stood each side of the two gates. There was a long queue, slowly entering through the gateway, and Mike and James were too busy checking tickets to acknowledge the girl and her friend.
'I told you I should've been your plus one,' said Kyle, snatching Cathy's ball from between her arm and running off.
'Come back!' she called, running after him.
'You'll have to catch me first!' he called over his shoulder.
Kyle swiftly sprinted off into the distance, to the left was the basketball and skateboard park. He headed in the direction of the large pond. It was with a staggering jolt; he came to a halt. Cathy ran closer, all the while wondering why, when Kyle was leading, he had stopped running? Then She noticed the two girls and two boys. Standing from the bench in the seating area, left of the pondside, they approached him. It was Tessa Marsh and her gang, Karla, she was tall, with plain features, and thin like a weed, Dell, he was a show-off, dressed in the latest sports gear, Stephen, he was round and overweight, and not too smart. 
Cathy had no idea what Tessa and her goons were doing here. None of them lived local, they lived in the Clapham North and Stockwell area, some two miles away. Before they muscled in on Kyle, Cathy knew she had to do something. Yet how to handle the only bullies in her school, she had no idea. She had been picked on numerous times before by Tessa and her gang. They were older than Cathy, who was fifteen, and Kyle, who was fourteen, their ages were sixteen. 
'Hey!' called Cathy, as she saw Stephen push Kyle, hard in the chest. ‘Pick on someone your own size!’ Swiftly she ran towards them.
'Hero of the day to the rescue,' laughed Karla, pointing a finger at the oncoming girl.
'Moore like stupid squirt number two,' said Stephen. 'And here's number one.' Again, he pushed Kyle in the chest. 'This just gets better. Is it true your little girlfriends visited the Quick Pick Libraries?' Stephen wanted to know if the rumour he heard was true. 'What was it like in there?'
Tessa thumped Stephen’s left shoulder. 'Dummy!' She scowled at him. 'We've two minors who haven't paid their dues, and you go asking a dumb brain question like that.'
'Sorry Tess.' Stephen massaged his throbbing shoulder.
Tessa turned to Kyle. 'Now, Pip, I think you’ve got something that’s mine.’
Kyle gave a nervous gulp.
‘He’s scared,’ smirked Dell. 
‘I'd like that football,' said Tessa, teasingly, sneering at Kyle.
'You can't have it,' he said, standing his ground.
'Did you hear that?' asked Tessa, looking around at her friends.
They all chuckled. 
'Tess, clock them,' hissed Dell. 'Dog walkers on the left. A jogger ahead of us, heading this way.'
'You'd better make it quick,' hissed Karla.
'The football, hand it over,' demanded Tessa, as she reached for it.
'No, it belongs to Cathy, it isn’t mine to give,' refused Kyle, bluntly. He twisted away from Tessa's grasp.
'He’s right, you can't have it, the football belongs to me,' said Cathy, as she stood facing the bullies. Hoping Kyle, her friend would hold on a moment longer until the jogger came closer, then she would call for help.
'Pip, the football isn't yours anymore, it's mine.' Tessa quickly snatched the football from Kyle. 
Kyle reached out, he attempted to grab it back, when between them, Dell and Stephen lifted him off the ground. 
'Pip, say goodbye to your stupid little boyfriend.' Tessa chuckled. 'I hope he can swim.'
Kyle struggled as between them, Dell and Stephen held his arms and ankles and swung him, launching him into the air. With a splash Kyle landed in the pond. Tessa and her gang laughed as he splashed helplessly around, his arms flaying, splashing water, he called for help. This only excited Tessa and her gang. Then, finding his feet, feeling embarrassed, Kyle's feet found the ground, he stood upright. The water splashed around his heaving chest.
‘That wasn’t funny,’ he protested.
‘The dumb boy thought it was deep.’ Karla pointed a finger and laughed.
‘He’s lucky then, it wasn’t, I doubt he can even swim,’ chuckled Dell.
‘Hey, look.’ Stephen pointed to the big, muscle-built jogger. ‘Tess, I think we’d better be going.’ 
'Thanks for the ball.' Tessa shoved Cathy in the chest, knocking her to the ground. ‘Pip.’ She spat on the pathway and frowned, she wanted to get a kick or a punch in, but knew she was out of time. The jogger had seen what was happening. He was heading closer. ‘This is your lucky day. I’ll sort you out next time.’  
Chapter 11
The Secretary


*
Sadie Deep, had just finished filing the last of the letters that arrived this afternoon, by post. Her boss, Lady Rickett was old fashioned, and everything was done by letters and post. The Lady appreciated reading comments, penned by children, with care, by those who had visited the Quick Pick Libraries. 
Sadie went to close the filing cabinet door, but not without difficulty, the draw was at bursting point. She removed ten envelopes before closing it. The envelopes in her hand she left on top of the filing cabinet, later, she would take them through to Lady Rickett's office. It was now breaktime. Sadie busied herself, making the tea, she poured the hot water into the teapot, along with the tea bags, filled a small jug with milk, and with a teaspoon, put them on a tray. She carried it across the small reception area, used an elbow to press down the handle and opened the door into the adjoining office.
'My Lady,' said the secretary from the entranceway. 
Lady Rickett was seated at her desk, in front of her was a letter she took care penning, at her elbow was the letter of the child whom she was replying to. 'Sadie, is it important? I'm rather busy at the moment.'
Sadie realised her timing was off, she only wished, now and then the Lady would take a moment for herself. 'Sorry, I might've guessed.' She was disappointed. 'I'll leave you to it.' She went to leave. 'I'm sure the other librarians won't say no to a cup of tea.'
Lady Rickett suddenly glanced up. 'Tea,' she said at the lingering afterthought. A smile spread across her face. 
'It is the afternoon,' said Sadie, returning her smile.
'Time out. I've been so wrapped up in work, how forgetful of me not to realize... Yes, I think we're both due a break, I'd like that cup of tea.' Lady Rickett put the letters and pen aside.
Sadie carried the tray across the office, setting it down on the desktop, she poured the fresh tea from the teapot, into a small cup, then added a little milk and stirred it with a teaspoon. She handed it to the Lady. 
'Thank you,' said Lady Rickett. 
Before sitting, Sadie poured herself a cup of tea. As she sat, her gaze met the librarians. 'My Lady, how are you feeling this afternoon?' she inquired out of sheer curiosity.
'The same as I did when you last asked.'
'If I'm over concerned it's because I care.'
'I'm fine, though at times it's hard, it’s the constant strain, the battle I must endure.' Lady Rickett took a sip of tea, then returned the cup to its saucer. 'I'm coping as best I can. As the senior one, it’s left to me to take the toll of their illness.'
A concerned look crossed the secretary's face. 'The librarians don't know this,' she said. 'My Lady, I told you a very long time ago what I think. They needed to know, but you wouldn't listen, now it's come to this.'
'The blames mine. It's stubbornness on my part.'
'My Lady, you're never that, and the blame isn't yours either. When you informed me, the illness had entered Astra, draining the source of your stars, I mourned that it would come to this. Alone you burdened yourself, shielding the truth from them, aware of the outcome. I'm surprised you've lasted this long,' said Sadie. 
'I'm made of stern stuff,' said Lady Rickett. 'I can't thank you enough for your silence. I confided in you my friend. I'm aware it hasn't been easy for you.'
'Despite my opinion, I'm loyal to your cause. Occasionally I wish I weren't,' confessed the secretary. 'There's been moments when I've thought about telling the librarians.'
'There have been times when I considered you might've, then realized that was a figment of my fears, and nothing else. Of course, you wouldn't do that... Then, on the other hand there's Deborah.'
'Did she ever come close to discovering our secret?' asked Sadie.
'No, I wouldn't allow it, with ease she's able to read into things, but I'm quite predictable to her, that’s how I've evaded her prying mind.'
'You're clever than she thinks, I thought there was nothing beyond her reading.'
'Don't forget, I raised her and was once her teacher, she’s aware of one thing, the advantage is mine,' explained Lady Rickett.
Sadie took a sip of tea, then returned her cup to its saucer. 'There's some excitement going around the Quick Pick Libraries, about the girl, you haven't been clear before. Tell me what you know.'
'Cathy Tyson, that's her name.'
'My Lady, I already know this.'  
Lady Rickett gave a thoughtful squint. 'I don't know why she's something of a mystery to me. I sense she's different than the children that've come before her. I'm confident she's the one.'
'You know best, you've been searching too long. In all my twenty-five years of service at the Quick Pick Libraries, I've never known a child to mean this much to you. You've invested so much hope in her,' said Sadie. 
'If I pass from this world.'
'Don't think it,' gasped the secretary in wide-eyed disbelief her superior could even think it. 
'Before the girl completes the final task,' continued Lady Rickett. 'I'm all the more richer knowing there's hope for the librarians and their pupils. This girl, Cathy, she could be the cure to the illness that has plagued my people.' Lady Rickett raised a hand above the desktop, in a stroking motion. There came a sudden purring sound. 'Drew,' she smiled. Slowly the black and white cat became visible, in response to the Lady's stroking, he rubbed his head against her arm. 'With the arrival of Cathy Tyson, the game's changed. It paid off I waited a while longer before consulting the librarians about the illness. All I know is, she's the child I've been seeking all along.'
'My Lady, I'm happy for you. The day you, the librarians and the students are healed, can't come soon enough. I share your hope.'
'Yes, it's long overdue. The day's near, the victory over my one true enemy, this I won’t be denied.’
Chapter 12
The Star


*
Cathy woke the following morning, she thought it no surprise, the Star was lingering on her mind. Imprinted in her memory was the voice, that which belonged to the stranger who spoke her name. 
Cathy Tyson…
The occurrence still worried the girl no end. And the fact, Ronald, her dad and Kyle, her best friend, thought the object inside the box was a stone. Cathy knew they were both wrong. The Star, they did not see. She thought it likely something shielded the Star's true identity from the eyes of those who did not believe in it. 
As Cathy sat with her dad, at the kitchen table, while having breakfast, she decided what next to do with the Star.
I should've given it to Tessa, when she's scared witless, see how she copes with it. Cathy smiled at the thought. Then joking aside, she became serious.  I didn’t want the Star; I've got to return it to Lady Rickett.
Ronald noticed his daughter's vacant expression. ‘What’s up?’ he asked, as he munched on a slice of buttered toast, which was covered in a thick layer of blueberry jam. ‘You haven’t touched your breakfast; all you’ve done is fiddle with your spoon. That’s unlike you.’ 
‘I can’t eat, I’ve lost my appetite.’ Presently, Cathy was not ready to tell her dad about the Star.
Ronald was concerned, he had every reason to be. He was sure Cathy saw the letter from the bank, the final reminder. Ronald thought it likely, his daughter was dwelling on what other unpaid bills might be lurking in the letters, at the middle of the kitchen table. He saw Cathy look at them and went to scoop them up. His daughter was swift, she grabbed the bank letter. 
‘Give it back.’ Ronald became suddenly angry at her. ‘Now please!’ 
‘Alright, but only if you tell me what this letter’s about,’ demanded Cathy. Although the seal on the envelope had already been ripped, she had not read what was inside it. 
Reaching across the table, Ronald snatched it away from her. ‘It’s nothing,' he said.
'Dad, I'm not stupid, you haven’t been yourself lately.'
'I'm fine.'
'Then don't keep secrets, if there's something I should know, tell me.'
Roland became pensive faced, his daughter was his life, she had every right to be told. 'It's a reminder from the bank,’ he told her.
‘I know that. After the bills, you’ve never got any money left. Since mum died, it's been a struggle.’
'Cathy, you and I, we're getting by. You’re right. I’m working all the hours I can. Your mother wanted me to keep the business going, to provide for you, to keep the roof over our heads,' explained Ronald.
'But it isn't the same without her,' said Cathy.  
'It's called a recession; the saloon isn't the only struggling business on the Highstreet.' Ronald gave a slight, nervous chuckle, he was fearful his honesty would drive a wedge between him and his daughter. But he knew she needed to know. 'There just isn't enough money coming in... I’ve fallen behind on the mortgage payments.’
‘We’re going to lose our home.'
'I won't lie to you. Since your mother passed away, it's been a slippery slope.' 
'Dad, you should’ve told me sooner.’ Cathy felt a sudden twinge of sadness, not for herself, but him. She knew how hard he tried for her. ‘I would’ve packed my bags sooner,’ she said. 'We didn't have to stay here, we could've moved to a flat, rented somewhere.'
‘Your grandparents want us to stay with them for a while. I've agreed. It's just until I get things sorted, a place for us to live… Really, I know I shouldn’t have let things get this bad,’ apologised Ronald, with a guilty ridden expression, etched across his face. ‘I was going to tell you. It’s just. I thought I’d cope. For you and our memories I’ve held onto this house.’  
Cathy felt a sudden numbness. She was not against staying with Grandpa Peter and Gran Jill. The problem was, the girl now knew how bad a situation her dad and she was in. Again, she felt sorry for her dad. By his own admittance, he kept this house for her, and the memories of her mum, his once wife. 
‘It’s good to talk,’ said Ronald. He took notice, concluding something else was on his daughter’s mind.
‘What else is there to talk about?’ she asked him.
Now it was Ronald’s turn to say nothing. He casually sat back, folded his arms across his chest, all the while, gazing into Cathy’s face. This was enough to rattle her nerves. At times her dad could be strict. She knew he wanted to know what troubled her.  
‘I’m okay,’ said Cathy, she guessed what was on his mind.
‘You say that but I’m not convinced. We both know the truth. You’re not, are you?’
‘Dad, I haven’t got anything to say. Leave me alone. I don’t want to talk about her.’ 
‘When I think about your mum, I hurt too, there’s nothing wrong with that,’ said Ronald. ‘Seeing you like this, after all you’ve been through. Cathy, I’m your dad. Help me out here. Let me in, I want to make things right. But first, you’ve got to tell me how.’ 
‘You sound like a shrink, dad, I don’t need your help.’ With a fist, Cathy thumped the tabletop. The dishes shook, the cutlery clattered, and milk spilt over the rim of her glass, in a pool across the tablemat. ‘Give me a break, leave me alone!’ It was not until after, as her anger calmed, she was sorry for what she said and done.
Ronald leaned forwards; he was shocked by his daughter’s actions. She tried her best to avoid the gaze of his dark brown eyes, still, she was aware, everything he said was right. Ronald knew her better than anyone. And because of this Cathy hid too much from him. He could not see things as she did, and that was why, when she should have spoken to him, instead, for all these years, she kept quiet about her mum. At times Cathy thought her dad had altogether forgotten about his wife, that his way of coping was giving up on her memory. This was something she could not do. And because of this she thought, he would not understand.  
The memories Cathy had of her mum, were that of a kind, caring woman. She meant the world to her. Then the illness came. In her short life, she had cancer twice. But she was always a fighter. She enjoyed her time with Cathy and Ronald. Three years ago, she lost her battle; At the time Cathy was thirteen years old. She had never forgotten. She had memories of seeing her mum in hospital, thin and pale, as for the very last time, she held onto her mums warm, frail hand.       
‘I see you’ve got the box with you,’ said Ronald, quickly changing the subject. ‘The stone, if you don’t mind. Can I have another look at it?’ he asked.
‘No, there isn’t any point!’ snapped Cathy, not meaning to be rude. The Star scared her. She only knew her dad must not have anything to do with it. ‘I’ve decided I don’t want it.’ Her reply was blunt. ‘After breakfast, I’m going to the Quick Pick Libraries, to give it back to Lady Rickett.’
‘That’s strange, from the moment you saw it, you couldn’t take your eyes off the stone.’ Ronald gave his daughter a puzzled face. ‘When you’re ready, I’ll come along.’
Cathy shook her head. ‘I’d rather go alone. Besides, you’ve got to go to work, the salon can’t open itself.’
‘Alright,’ said Ronald, as he gave a thoughtful pause. ‘I'm working a short shift today; I’ll be home at three. Until then, I’ve asked Mr Howson to pop in, to water the back garden.’
‘Or to spy on me more like. I can water the garden; it isn’t rocket science.’ Cathy rolled her eyes. ‘Dad I’m fifteen years old, not a baby. Trust me; I can take care of myself.’
‘That’s what you think. It’s only for this week. Then your grandparents are back from Spain and we’ll be moving in with them... Tell you what, I’ve an idea. Ask Mr Howson to go with you to the Quick Pick Libraries. He believes in that magic stuff. If you ask him nicely, I’m sure he won’t say no.’
There came a sudden loud knock on the front door letter box. Cathy guessed who it was, the next-door neighbour, he was always on time. Cathy liked him, she knew when he was in a good mood, because he had a fun way with words, and often made her laugh. Still, in his old age, he had become slightly forgetful. The girl and her dad were always reminding him to ring the doorbell, but he never did.
‘That’s Mr Howson.’ Ronald gulped down the last of his tea, gave his daughter a hug, and rushed out into the passage. ‘When I get back from work, we’ll go out, my treat. Whatever you like, the cinema and a bite to eat. Cathy, see you later!’ he called from the passageway. 
‘Okay dad, I’ll look forwards to that!’ replied the girl.
A moment later there was a loud bang, it was the front door slamming shut, then soon followed the sound of shuffling footsteps, coming up the passageway.
‘Cathy Tyson, good morning to you,’ said old Mr Howson, as he entered the kitchen with a smile on his face.

**

When Cathy arrived at the gates of the Quick Pick Libraries, alone, without Mr Howson present, Mike and James were there to greet her. She had no silver ticket; therefore, they could refuse her entry. But she was hopeful they would listen to what she had to say.
‘I’m here to see Lady Rickett, it’s important, there’s something I want to return.’ Cathy slipped a hand into her shoulder bag, and from it took the shiny, silver box. ‘I won this last light, in the raffle. It’s really no use to me. Please return it to her.’
When the guards Mike and James heard Cathy’s request, they both gave her a curious squint. At once, the girl was aware they thought she was joking. Cathy knew otherwise. After the strange occurrence around the Star, she just wanted to get rid of it, to give it back to Lady Rickett.
She raised the box in her palm, offering it first to James. ‘Will you take this to her?’ she asked him.
Without hesitation he refused the request. ‘You’ve come at the wrong time, I’m on gate duty, ' he said. 
Quickly Cathy offered it to Mike, with a pondering face, he staggered back from the box.
'If you could, I’d be most grateful,' she said.
Mike shook his head at her. 'I'm on guard duty, can't leave my post,' he said. ‘You’ve come at the wrong time, we daren’t move from here, if the Lady ever found out, there be trouble.’
‘She's good and all that,’ added James. ‘But a word of warning from those who know, you wouldn’t want to get in her bad books.’  
'If that’s meant as a joke, it isn’t funny.’ Cathy frowned at the guards. ‘You can't be serious. I’ve the impression you’re deliberately refusing to help me. I’m not stupid. The Quick Pick Libraries isn't even open,' she said.
‘I told you this one's trouble,’ said James to Mike.
‘She's right though, she isn’t dumb either,’ said James.
'Cathy Tyson, it’s better if you go inside instead,’ said Mike.   
‘I would but I’d be trespassing, I haven’t got a ticket,’ she said.  
‘That’s no problem, we didn’t ask to see one.' James quickly stepped aside. 
With a nod of his head Mike agreed. ‘Do you remember where Lady Rickett’s office is?’ 
‘Yes,’ replied Cathy. ‘I was there last night, when I was given the silver box.’ 
‘Okay. Then, I think you’ll find Lady Rickett already knows you’re here,’ said James. 
‘She’s waiting,’ said Mike.
How can she be? Thought Cathy. I’ve only just arrived, unannounced, she shouldn’t know I’m here. 
Passing Mike and James, the girl entered the libraries grounds. All around her, people were busy. Preparation for this afternoon’s opening of the Quick Pick Libraries was underway. Cathy also noticed something she thought was odd. From the staff, to the vibrant colours of the tents and stalls, the appearance of everything and everyone had changed. The guards, Mike and James, the big white tent, the Library of Change, and the Storyteller's Library, the Second-hand Library, the Library of Knowledge, and that of Tulia, the Singing Mermaid, were all unchanged. Other than this, it was as if a whole new set of libraries had come to Clapham Common.

***

As Cathy arrived at the secretary’s caravan, she was glad to find it was in the same place, and waiting outside, in the sunshine, Sadie, the secretary was there to greet her.
‘Good morning,’ said Sadie, in a chirpy voice, pleased to see the girl. ‘Glad you could make it back for a second visit. We’ve been expecting you.’  
Sadie led Cathy through her small office, into Lady Rickett’s much larger office. It came as no surprise when Cathy discovered she was not there. Still, once seated at the desk, she waited. It was shortly after Sadie left to fetch refreshments; Lady Rickett stepped out from the door behind the desk.
‘Cathy, what a pleasant surprise this visit is.’ She sat facing the girl.
‘Mike and James didn’t seem to think so, they seemed to be aware you already knew I was here. And Sadie, I’m sure the reason why she was waiting outside, on the doorstep is because, she's been expecting me too. It’s like I'm the only one who didn't know. But you all knew I’d return to the Quick Pick Libraries.’ Cathy’s voice became a whisper, she was confused by her discovery. ‘Lady Rickett, you're aware why I’m here, aren’t you?’ she asked.
At the question, Lady Rickett shook her head, and gave a dismissive shrug of her thin shoulders. ‘The truth is, I haven’t the faintest idea. Cathy, tell me, why have you come back to the Quick Pick Libraries? Or. Better still, don’t answer that. Let me venture a guess. The reason you're here is because you’re somewhat troubled.’
'Yesterday at Clapham Common, I saved Drew, your cat, from drowning. In return you gave me a ticket to the Quick Pick Libraries.’ Cathy was sure Lady Rickett was none too pleased with her second guessing her. 'Drew wasn’t drowning, I bet he can swim, and you just wanted to slip me the silver ticket. I think it was all planned.'
'You assume way too much,' said Lady Rickett.
'I know I'm right, aren't I?' Cathy felt used and angry.
‘Understand, not every child would’ve acted as you did, saved a poor drowning cat.’ Lady Rickett ran a hand over her left, cradled arm. Slowly, the black and white cat appeared.
‘Don’t give me a sob story, I haven’t come here for one.’ 
‘Drew can be shy at the best of times. Now and then he even becomes invisible. He’s also loyal. He seldom leaves my side.’
'Now your changing the subject.'
'We were talking about Drew.’ 
'I don’t what to hear about your love of dumb cats, I couldn’t care a less if he’s visible or invisible, I’m not here to see Drew.’ Cathy tried her best not to get angry. But she knew she had been lied to. ‘Since I went home last night, I've had time to think about this place.'
Lady Rickett butted in. 'Some say, once visited, the Quick Pick Libraries’ never forgotten.'    
Cathy thought Lady Rickett, with her cool composure and disregard for her confusion, was teasing her. 'Now I remember where I’ve seen you before, in the Second-hand Library, you were mirrored in a liquid pool. In your office, I was sitting at this very desk. The Star was in my palm.’ 
‘A dream?’ Lady Rickett gave a slight chuckle.
‘It must strike you as odd. That was before you awarded it to me.’
‘Of course, it would be. Keith didn’t tell you, his pool, it reflects many things.' 
'And the future?' 
'That too. Yet nothing’s set in stone, least of all another’s destiny.' Lady Rickett's eyelids flickered; she was suddenly uncomfortable by her choice of words. 'You saw just a ripple of your future self, a student, the power of the Star in your very grasp… Now, Cathy Tyson, if that’s all, tell me, what’s this really about?’
At the girl’s sudden silence, Lady Rickett was patient, her thin finger stroked Drew, the black and white cat. He sat on top of the desk and purred loudly. His whiskers twitched; he was content with his owner’s affection. A moment passed before Lady Rickett pressed the button on her desktop phone.
'Sadie,' she said.
'Yes, Lady Rickett.'
'I believe our guest is ready for her glass of orange juice.' Lady Rickett gave a thoughtful pause. 'Make that two glasses, thank you.' After that she sat back and waited.
‘It’s the Star,’ said Cathy. 
‘Ah, I see.’ 
‘That’s just it, you don’t!’ snapped Cathy. ‘You’ve no idea what I mean. If you knew what I do, you’d never have given it to me.’ 
‘Get straight to the point, if I knew what really trouble you, then, perhaps I'd help.’
‘I don’t want the Star, that’s why I’m here.’
‘I regret you feel so strongly. Yet I must urge, don’t be hasty, the Star’s meant to bestow joy on its owner, not ill feeling.’
'Lady Rickett, the Star isn’t what it seems. You see it as I do. But my dad and Kyle, my best friend, they both think it’s a stone.’
‘In time they’ll come around, when they believe.’
‘That’s just it, the Star will be appreciated, in the right hands, but not mine. I'm glad to be rid of it.’ Cathy stood up from her chair. ‘I must be going. Mr Howson thinks I’ve popped out to Mr Moore’s corner shop, to pick up his newspapers and a pint of milk. First, I came straight here, to return the Star, now it’s done.’ Leaving the silver box on the desk, Cathy hurried across the office. 
The girl bumped into Sadie on her way, the secretary was standing in the doorway. On the tray she carried were two glasses of orange juice, ice floated on top of each drink, and on the side of the glasses was a thin slice of orange. Sadie almost spilt the drinks when Cathy bumped into her. Thirsty, the girl gulped down her orange juice, then put the empty glass back on the tray.
‘Thanks Sadie,’ she said.
‘Whatever for?’ asked the secretary in wide-eyed dismay. ‘You’ve only just arrived; you can’t be leaving so soon.’ 
‘I did what I came to do, Lady Rickett has the Star.’
Chapter 13
Misgivings


*
Cathy rushed pass Sadie, across the small reception area, and came to an abrupt halt at the entrance door. She could have continued running and never looked back. Yet something held her back. The girls left leg would not move, neither would her right, she was unable to go any further. A surge of regret came over her. She was in a sorry state of mind, the Star, she thought about it and nothing else. Leaving it behind suddenly seemed the wrong thing to do.
I don’t want it! thought Cathy, struggling to understand the hold the Star had over her. Then she concluded, she was drawn helplessly to it. Why can’t I let it go?  
Before long, Cathy was resigned to the fact, no matter what, the Star had been awarded to her. She had to claim it back. As the girl spun around, she was startled to discover Lady Rickett, standing there, blocking her path.
‘That was quick.’ There was a slight hint of relief in her subtle voice. ‘Yet, I thought sooner, rather than later, we’d be seeing each other again. And here you are.’ 
‘I’ve not gone far,’ said Cathy, sheepishly.
‘Let me guess.’ Lady Rickett raised a finger between them. ‘No doubt you’ve had a change of mind. That’s why you can’t leave.’
‘Back in your office, I’ve no idea what came over me.’
‘I gather it’s something to do with the Star. The simple fact is you can't part with it.’ 
Cathy became worried. The Star was her prize, by returning it, she proved herself unworthy of having it in the first place. The girl was aware Lady Rickett knew this too. Thinking the worst, Cathy tried not to put herself in Lady Rickett’s shoes, but it was hard not to. If she pointed to the exit gates, then instructed Mike and James to escort the girl off the grounds, Cathy would not blame her... It was what happened next that baffled the girl. Lady Rickett handed her the silver box. At this point, Cathy knew there was nothing more to worry about, she had been forgiven.
‘You and I, let’s go for a walk around the grounds,’ said Lady Rickett, in her usual, calm, tone of voice.
‘I’d really like to, but I can’t, I should be somewhere else,’ said Cathy.
‘I assure you there's no need to rush. I’ve things to tell you. The Star, I gather you want to know what it is,' said Lady Rickett.
‘Of course.’
'And I'll tell.' 
‘But Mr Howson, he can’t wait, if I’m not back soon he’s likely to come looking for me.’ 
‘I doubt that. Really, it’s quite alright, at present he’s where you left him. Asleep in front of the television. And before he wakes, I assure you, you’ll have collected his newspaper and milk, and be home.’
‘Home doing what?’ asked Cathy. 
‘Studying the Star, after all, that's what matters,’ finished Lady Rickett.  
 Cathy found it strange how the founder of the Quick Pick Libraries came to know these things. ‘You told me nothing’s set in stone,' she said.
Lady Rickett threw back her head and chuckled. 'To second-guess Mr Howson, I needn't be a fortune-teller.'
'I can’t thank you enough,’ said Cathy, trusting her every word. ‘It's strange, I think you know more than you're revealing.’ 
‘Oh, now and then, there’s nothing wrong with a little mystery.’
‘I guess not, but you’ll keep me wondering.’  
‘Then let’s begin, concerning the Star, there are questions you want answering.’ 
‘Yes, but I don’t know where to begin, all I know is I can’t let go of it,’ said Cathy, as she and Lady Rickett walked from the reception office, into the bright summer’s sunshine.
‘The answer to your questions simple enough. Between you and the Star there’s a bond, a rather special one, it can’t so easily be broken.’ As they walked across the green space, a man at a candy stall waved across to Lady Rickett. ‘Devon, good morning to you too,’ she said. After that she directed her attention back to the girl. ‘I must confess, the Quick Pick Libraries, is a front, it always has been. These tents and the staff you see, they aren’t real.'
'Then what are they?' asked Cathy. 
'Simple conjuring’s,' said Lady Rickett, flatly.
'You’re telling me you’ve created all this.' With wide eyes, the girl gazed all around, turning in circle, taking everything in. ‘How’s it possible?’ she whispered.
‘You do believe in magic,’ said Lady Rickett. 
‘Yes, that’s why I’m here.’
‘Then you’ve just answered your question’
'But is any of this real, or is it all your imaginary?' Cathy ran, catching up with Lady Rickett, stepping to her side.
'Every so often, the forces of Astra must be replenished. And from it I recreate, I’m constantly improving on what came before it,’ explained Lady Rickett. ‘The tents of Deborah, Keith and Nigel are real, so are Sadie's and my office, and the tent of Tulia, the Singing Mermaid.' 
‘I've been inside her tent, it's big,’ said Cathy. 
Lady Rickett gave the girl a side smile. 'Mermaids are a marine species, they must have plenty of water to swim.'
'All this is a front,' gasped Cathy, as she realized the truth. 
'For many a year the grandeur that's the Quick Pick Libraries has hidden the intentions of my lifelong goal. I’ve crossed seas and oceans, travelled from country, city, town and village, and back again. All the time, searching, hoping, and waiting.’ Lady Rickett became silent.
‘That’s a long way to travel. Tell me, what have you been searching for?’ asked Cathy. 
‘You...'
'Me...'
'At long last the bond between you and the Star’s almost complete.’
‘I don’t get it, the Star, I still don’t know anything about it. To me it’s as much a mystery as you are.’ 
‘Soon you’ll know everything there is about the Star,’ promised Lady Rickett.
Cathy and Lady Rickett, passed a group of waving stall owners. The girl waved back at them, now viewing them differently, she was amazed how lifelike they were. ‘Do they know they’re your conjured imaginaries?’ she asked.
‘No, they’ve each a duty to perform, their part in the running of the Quick Pick Libraries. After, they return to Astra, then I reshape them. They’re reborn anew,’ explained Lady Rickett. 
‘The Star, tell me more about it,’ said Cathy. 
‘In my travels, all children have had the chance to visit the Quick Pick Libraries. Only a few, the chosen ones, they’re selected to take up the challenge of the Star. I was convinced you wouldn't fail.' 
'I saved Drew and passed the test. Now you’ve found me.’  
‘I can tell you, the search which has taken a hundred years is finally over,’ said Lady Rickett.
Cathy found it hard to believe. Lady Rickett spoke as though she had taken this lifelong journey. And yet, she was youthful, beautiful, her white skin had hardly a line. The girl dared not guess Lady Rickett's age. Apart from her long, white hair, she was untouched by time. She even looked younger than Ronald, Cathy’s dad, and he was thirty-eight years of age. 
‘You’re curious,’ said Lady Rickett. ‘To you it seems unlikely I've lived more than a hundred years. There's a secret to my longevity, I’m ageless. But I assure you, it’s taken oceans and time to find you.’
‘I’m special, aren’t I?’ the girl glanced around at the happy faces at the Quick Pick Libraries. 
‘You mean more to us than you’ll ever know… Cathy, I think now it’s your turn to answer a question or two. The Star, I’m aware you’ve found common ground, there’s a link between both of you.’     
‘I can’t say much. I haven’t the faintest idea how the Star works, or what it’s for.’
‘You say this as though there’s something else. That which eludes you.' Lady Rickett gave the girl a curious look.
At that moment Cathy wondered whether to reveal to Lady Rickett, the experience she encountered when first linking with it, the reason why the Star had installed a certain fear in her. Then she chose to remain silent. She thought it likely Lady Rickett wound not believe her story. 
'The Star, there’s something about it.' Cathy gave a hesitant pause, not wanting to reveal too much. 'I’m not entirely sure I deserve it. There’s someone out there, that person will understand it better than me. The fact is I just don't know enough about it.'
'Your honesties noted,’ said Lady Rickett. ‘If it’s a reason to bridge the gap you're needing, you’re at the right place. The Star has a purpose, if you're willing to learn about it.’
‘That sounds like an offer.’ 
‘I can teach you everything you need to know.’
'That's just the point, the Star, I don't think it wants me to learn. I’m sure it won’t let me in.' Cathy gave a deflated sigh.
Hearing this, Lady Rickett was concerned by the girl’s confession. 'At present you’ve an untrained mind, but the task ahead isn’t impossible,’ she concluded. ‘Put your feelings aside. Imagine the Star as you first did. Through the eyes of a child, it’s pure, innocent. Back then you thought it a precious thing.'
'I'm not sure now.' Cathy was aware, Lady Rickett tried to help her make sense of the Star. 
'You alone have been touched by the link.' In front of Lady Rickett, Drew, the black and white cat, suddenly became visible. He leapt up and she caught him in both arms. As his front paws clung to her shoulder, her left hand glided across the cats arched back. 'Cathy, so many children came before you, yet without doubt, the Star's chosen you above all of them. It’s truly amazing,' she said, triumphantly. 'You’re the miracle we at the Quick Pick Libraries have been waiting for. In my lifetime, never has a child linked with the Star’s power.’
'I still don’t understand, I’m fifteen years old, a school girl, there’s nothing special about me,’ said Cathy. 
‘That’s where you’re wrong… The Star once had an owner. That child bonded with it, Astra, the link, the stuff of all stars. Now their link is broken,' explained Lady Rickett. 'I urge you, study the Star closely, soon you’ll understand what I mean.’  
Cathy did as Lady Rickett requested of her. She prized open the lid of the silver box, peering closer, the girl noticed the Star was incomplete. Some of its points were missing, others were altogether faded. ‘I’m aware what’s wanted from me. If I could heal it I would,' said the girl. 
Disappointment came over Lady Rickett. 'But only you and Gareth have the healing power required for this task. If anyone born with magic was to tamper with it, the Star would bring them certain death. To anyone without magic, the Star’s little more than a stone, it’s the ultimate defence, deception.’
‘That explains why my dad thinks I should start a stone collection,’ said Cathy, she was overcome by a sense of excitement, there was a challenge to be had. And a question that lingered on her mind. ‘If like I have you say Gareth's bonded with the Star too, then why haven’t you tried finding, and asking him to heal it?’
‘I would, but he’s been missing a very long time, now there’s only you… All things of magic are linked by the source. I call it, Astra. Our stars, those held by others at the Quick Pick Libraries, aren’t as significant as the Star, their power fades, they weep. Slowly they’re dying. And so am I, and the other here at the Quick Pick Libraries. If we are to survive, you are our only hope.’ 

Chapter 14
Teased


*
Cathy was on her way home from the Quick Pick Libraries, in her mind everything Lady Rickett had told her was a haze. The story she was told seemed odd, still, the girl thought Lady Rickett was convincing. Cathy always knew there was something more to the Star. From fearing it, she now found herself unable to give up on it. 
At the traffic lights, Cathy crossed Long Road, entering The Chase, the road where she lived. Not forgetting Mr Howson’s newspapers, she approached Mr Moore's corner shop, halting with a gulp as she did. A sense of sudden dread came over her. Tessa and her goon, dumb brain friends, Karla, who was plain looking, Dell, the poser, and Stephen, the chubby, none too bright one, all exited the corner shop. At once they noticed Cathy. 
'Well, well, well, what do we have here,' said Tessa, in a hate fuelled tone of voice. Her pig like nose screwed up at the girl. With a beady glair, she eyed her from head-to-toe, then gave a mocking chuckle. 'It’s the little Pip that’s going to get a good bashing if she doesn’t deliver,' she said.
In Cathy’s many encounters with Tessa and her goons, she never forgot the time when her mum passed away. After her brief time off school, on bereavement leave, when Cathy finally returned, she was teased endlessly by Tessa and her goons. Because of this, she skipped school for a week. Playing truant was something Cathy hated, she liked her teacher, she liked learning, she hated idly whiling away her time. But found it hard facing the bullies. When her dad left for work, Cathy let herself back in the house. She even hid the letter posted by Martin Colin, the school headmaster. It made things worse when her dad eventually found out she was playing truant. Ronald received a phone call from Martin Colin. 
Cathy had a lot of explaining to do, it helped her dad was a good listener. When she explained to him Tessa and her gang of losers, teased her over the loss of her mum, Ronald was enraged, not at Cathy, but at the school for letting this type of bulling continue. Ronald drove Cathy to school; they had a meeting with Martin Colin. The headmaster seemed genuinely surprised by the parent’s complaint. And Cathy could prove everything she said was true, there were text messages on her mobile. Martin Colin apologized to Cathy and her dad. And Cathy did not blame him, or her teachers, she had not spoken to anyone about the bullying. It was a personal matter. Not even Kyle, her best friend knew. 
All four of them, Tessa, Karla, Dell and Stephen, were later marched into the headmaster's office. And in turn they were told to apologise. Before Cathy returned to school the following Monday, Kyle phoned her, explaining, Tessa and her goons had all been expelled from school for a week...
‘You’ve got my football,’ said Cathy, looking warily at Stephen, as he bounced it on the pavement.    
'It isn't any more. For you it's sugar tax time,' said Tessa. 'You should pay up. Or we'll walk you over to Clapham Common. And like your baby boyfriend, we'll take you for a little swim.’ 
‘She smells like she needs a bath.' Karla screwed up her nose and sniffed the air.
Tessa’s goons had never grown up, they ever only picked on kids younger than themselves.
'Yeah,' said Dell. 'We can't let her pass without paying.'
'You're getting nothing from me,' said Cathy, steadfast. She dreaded the bullies, but would not cower to their ways.
'Pip.' Tessa stepped from the entranceway of Mr Moore’s corner shop and blocked the girl’s path.
Tessa was taller than Cathy, and bigger in build, still, this did not stop the girl from thinking the goon smelt like she was the one in needed of a bath. 
'Come on, we haven’t got all day, hurry up, turn them out,' said Tessa.
Cathy was aware she meant her pockets. 'I'm getting Mr Howson's newspaper. I haven't got anything for you,' she said, suddenly realizing she revealed too much.
'I'm getting Mr Howson's newspaper,' mimicked Stephen.
'Tess, did you hear her say she's got nothing on her?' asked Karla. ‘I think she’s a little liar.’ 
'Let’s find out,’ said Tessa. ‘We’ll turn out her pockets.' 
From behind, Karla grabbed Cathy, twisting back her arms in a tight grip. Where the girl’s arms were pinned to her sides, she was unable to break free. Still she fought back, all the while wriggling, she stamped on her captors sandaled foot. Karla gave a pained yelp.
'Let go!' yelled Cathy, at the top of her lungs.
Karla’s grip tightened. Dell rushed at Cathy, angry, panic-stricken, she would not let them take Mr Howson's newspaper money. She kicked out. Her left foot booted Dell between the legs. He gave a muffled grunt, and clutching both hands to the spot, red faced, turned away.
'That was a dumb thing to do,' said Karla, lifting the girl off the ground. 
Cathy’s legs thrashed around, she screamed, calling for help, hoping through the double glaze of the shop front, Mr Moore would hear her.
'No one’s coming to help,' said Tessa. 'Pip, it’s just you and us now.' 
Tessa rushed at Cathy, rifling through her short’s pockets. From the right pocket she took Mr Howson's money, grinned and slipped it into the top pocket of her shirt. Her hand then delved into the left pocket of Cathy’s shorts.
'What's this?' She frowned, taking out the silver box.
'No!' yelled Cathy. Her struggle intensified, the Star was in the box, it was precious to her. She dared not let Tessa take it from her. She spat in her face. 'It's not yours, give it back!'   
With her free hand, Tessa thumped Cathy in the face. The strike was hard, forceful, the girl’s head turned aside. Her cheek throbbed with pain. 
'Dell, stop acting like a baby, Stephen, look at this.' Tessa peered with curious eyes at the silver box. 'It might be worth a bit,' she guessed.
Karla released both of Cathy’s arms, straightened up, and shoved the girl aside, as Tessa handed the box over to her. ‘You just might be right,’ she said.
'What’s it made of?' asked Stephen.
'Dummy,' chuckled Karla. 'Can’t you see it’s a box? Its polished like silver.' Karla offered it back to Tessa. 
'I don't think its real silver,' she said, snatching it back. She bit a corner of the box. 'Ouch.' Her teeth hurt; the object was made of stern stuff. She gave a puzzled frown.
'The box, it’s nothing short of worthless,' said Cathy. Her anger had subsided, the Star, she was desperate to get it back. 'Please,' she pleaded. 'You’ve got Mr Moore’s newspaper money.'
'Then, in that case I’m sure you won't mind if we take this little trinket too.' Tessa smirked.
'You can't!' yelled Cathy.
Cathy ran at Tessa, who shoved her back. The girl came at her again, this time shoving her. Tessa stood with the box raised above Cathy’s head, teasing her, stepping circles around the girl as she reached for the box.
All the while, Karla, Dell and Stephen, the spectators, cheered and laughed.
'Pip, you don’t know how stupid you look. Tell me what's inside the box?' chuckled Tessa. 'Don’t tell me it’s your dead mothers wedding ring.'
Suddenly with the chime of a bell, the door of Mr Moore’s corner shop burst open. There was a loud bark, the shop owner led his German Shepard forwards, on a tight chain. The dog barked aggressively; Mr Moore had a cricket bat, in one hand, at the ready. He lunged at Tessa, knocking the silver box from her grasp.
Tessa screamed as she shuffled back. 'How dare you, I’ll call the police,' she yelled at the shop owner.
'I don’t care what you do, who you think you are. I won’t have this behaviour going on outside my shop,’ said Mr Moore.
‘Who are you anyway?’ asked Tessa. 
‘Girl, I’m someone ready to teach you a lesson!' Mr Moore challenged back, shaking the bat in a tight fist at her and her goons. 'And that goes for the lot of you, who’s first!' 
Tessa and her goons did not wait to find out if Mr Moore would carry out his threat. They turned and scarpered away.
'Thieving little toe rags,' said Mr Moore, watching them go.
'Thank you,' said Cathy, relieved the unpleasant ordeal was over. 
‘Are you alright?’ he asked, concerned for the girl.
'I’m just a little shaken. They took Mr Howson's newspaper money. I shouldn’t have fought them; I should've done what they wanted.'
'Nah.' Mr Moore shook his head at the girl, disagreeing with what she said. 'Cathy Tyson, you didn’t do wrong, standing up to those losers, you’ve done the right thing. I'm sorry I didn't get to you sooner. I had to bring Sally in from the back garden.' He patted his dog on the head. 
Cathy knelt, stroking Sally behind the left ear, she was tame, she often was. ‘I think she must've detected something bad in Tessa and her gang.’ 
‘Sally must've thought they were going to hurt you. She’s good like that, detecting trouble,’ said the shop keeper. 
With the dogs lead extended, Mr Moore picked up the silver box. 'At least they didn't get this,' he said. 'The box, it's real silver.'
'It’s a prize I won when I visited the Quick Pick Libraries,' said Cathy, taking back the box, slipping it into her shorts pocket.
'I’ve never been there. What’s it like?' asked Mr Moore. 'The visit, was it anything like they say it is?'
'You don't know how amazing the Quick Pick Libraries is until you've been there,' said Cathy.
Mr Moore gave the girl a subtle nod of his head. 'I can’t say it ever appealed to me. As a child I didn’t want to go there, I suppose I’ve never believed in all that magic stuff. The Quick Pick Libraries. All that waiting, wanting, hoping for that silver ticket. In my childhood I had better things to do with my time.' 
‘You sound just like my dad,’ said Cathy, with a smile.
Mr Moore gazed off to the sea of bright coloured tents on Clapham Common. 'You said those no-good goons stole Mr Howson's newspaper money.'
'I tried to stop them,' said Cathy, humbly. ‘There were just too many. That’s their advantage, their age and numbers. Tessa knows that. But I stood up to her. I regret one thing.’
‘They didn’t take the shiny pretty box,’ said Mr Moore, with a sympathetic face. 
‘It isn’t that,’ said Cathy. ‘It’s Mr Howson. I’ve let him down.’  
'For over thirty years he’s been a valid customer of mine,’ admitted Mr Moore. ‘After I’ve bathed that unsightly bruise on your face, don’t worry, I'll sort you out with those newspapers.'       
Chapter 15
Request

*
Cathy was in the back garden, kicking around the football her dad bought her, soon after she had phoned him at work, telling him she had lost her football. She said Kyle kicked it over a back-garden fence. Although Cathy hated lying to her dad, she did, and felt slightly ashamed because she could not tell him the truth. Really Tessa Marsh and her pack of goons stole it from her. The doorbell rang, Cathy hurried inside, opened the front door, and was surprised to see Lady Rickett standing there. At once the tall librarian noticed the bruise on the side of the girl’s face. When asked how she came by it, again Cathy lied. She told Lady Rickett, Kyle, her friend, had kicked her football a bit too hard, and she was standing in goal at the time. By the withering look of concern, Cathy received, she was sure Lady Rickett knew she was lying. But the Lady of the Quick Pick Libraries did not question the girl any further on the subject. 
Cathy looked the librarian up and down. She noticed, as usual, Lady Rickett was dressed smartly. Her summer dress was short, light mauve, with thin white stripes down it. She had a white shawl of lace like material, draped across her thin shoulders. And two plats tied back her long white hair from her face. And tucked behind her left ear was a rosebud.  
‘I see you’re not wearing your tasselled, cone shaped hat today,’ said Cathy. 
‘That’s most observant of you. Might I ad, there’s a perfectly good reason why I’m not.’ Lady Rickett returned the girl’s smile. ‘There is a reason why I’m here. And it’s not to perform magic. That comes later. For now, it’s morning, and we gifted at the Quick Pick Libraries, have a well-earned break. Though you might call it occasional time off work’.
Earlier today, Lady Rickett had decided, she would come in person, to see Cathy’s dad. She only thought she would not arrive so soon after she and the girl disused the issue of the Star, but there was no time like the present.
‘I’m here to see your father, is he at home?’ asked Lady Rickett.
‘I thought as much,’ said Cathy, she guessed why the visitor was here. ‘Your lucks in, he’s not long arrived home from work. Come inside.’ She stepped aside and waved a hand.  
Cathy led Lady Rickett along the short passageway, and while she did, she had lingering regrets. The girl and her dad were meant to be spending quality time together. Going to the cinema this afternoon, having a bite to eat, but not anymore. Lady Rickett’s arrival meant things were about to suddenly change. Still, Cathy looked on the bright side. At least her dad was not spending his hard-earned money, that should go on unpaid bills. 
When Cathy and Lady Rickett, entered the lounge, Ronald seemed shocked to see the visitor. His daughter made no mention she was coming, the girl had no idea when Lady Rickett would arrive. Still, this was their little surprise. Ronald gave a sudden, loud sneeze. 
'Mr Tyson, do you by any chance have hayfever?' inquired Lady Rickett.  
'No, I think I’m catching a cold,' lied Ronald. 'I can’t say this isn’t a pleasant surprise, its just, I wasn't expecting to see you.'
'Oh really.' Lady Rickett, tucked a lose strand of white hair behind her left ear. 'I won’t keep you long. You’ve my word, this will be a brief visit.' 
'You just arrived, now you’re here, please, stay a while longer. Cathy and I could do with the company.' Ronald jumped up from the sofa and took Lady Rickett's thin shawl. 'I'll hang this on the peg outside. Have a seat,' he said to her. 'Cathy, you too. Keep our guest company, I'll be back.' 
Ronald rushed off, he returned a short while after, with three glasses of orange juice. He put them on the small table, between the sofa and chairs, then left again. This time he brought back a tray of ham and cheese sandwiches. Ronald and Lady Rickett got on well, sharing jokes, it was like they were old friends.   
 I think Lady Rickett likes the attention dad’s giving her. I wonder if he knows it too, thought Cathy, as she observed them with a curious mind. If I didn’t know better, I’d say she's flirting with dad. And the way he’s acting, I think he’s taken a liking to her too. I just hope he doesn’t forget about mum. When Cathy thought about her mum, it made her sad. I mustn’t think of her, not now, it isn’t fair on dad. I haven’t seen him this happy in a long time. At least he’s not worrying about life.  
Not forgetting the reason for her visit, before too long, Lady Rickett got straight to the point. 'Mr Tyson, I’m here to talk to you about Cathy, your daughter,' she informed him. 'And the link between her and the Star, the prize she was awarded by me.'
‘You’re mistaken,' said Ronald, humbly. 'It’s a stone in that box.'
'I told you, dad, it’s the Star,' said Cathy, with a roll of her eyes.
'Only one capable can see the object for what it truly is,' explained Lady Rickett. 
'That's hard to believe,' admitted Ronald. ‘You’re saying I lack what it takes to see it.’
'Mr Tyson.' The Lady's voice was soft. 'The Star’s dying. Alone, your daughter has the power to heal it. But first she must master her gift, and bond with Astra, the link of all power.’
Ronald shook his head, he found what he heard ridiculous. 
‘If it’s alright, I’d be grateful for a little of Cathy's time, just for the next day, or two?' asked Lady Rickett.
Hearing this, Ronald’s jaw dropped, he was puzzled. He then began to chuckle at Lady Rickett’s strange request. He found it too bizarre for words. And there was no reason why he should not. He knew nothing about Lady Rickett, only she was the founder, the proud owner of the Quick Pick Libraries. Besides that, they had not long ago met, sharing a brief moment, at the Storyteller’s Library. Ronald thought, what she asked of him, was beyond belief. No matter who Lady Rickett was, he would never agree to do as she asked. 
'It just doesn’t make any sense.' Ronald was puzzled. 'I've seen what's inside the silver box. You gave my daughter a stone, nothing more… And now you’re telling me it’s the Star, a thing created from some magical source, Astra, that’s what you called it. And it's dying. And only my daughter has the power to heal it. Then you ask if I'll leave her in your care. Lady Rickett, I'm a responsible dad, not an idiot.'
'I thought you might find this hard to comprehend.' Lady Rickett, gave a deflated sigh, she had everything to lose. 
'I find you very pleasant,' said Ronald. 'Thanks for making my Cathy’s dream a reality. You don't know how long I've been entering the lottery, trying to get a silver ticket.'
'I'm very much aware of this.' Lady Rickett gave Ronald a sympathetic look. 
'How can you?' he asked.
‘What?’ she replied, subtly.
‘Know anything about what a parent wants,’ he said.
‘Dad,’ said Cathy. ‘Listen to her.’ 
'I work closely with Sadie. My secretary, she issues the raffles, I draw the names,' explained Lady Rickett.
Cathy felt suddenly sad. 'But dad and I never got an invite, neither did my mum,' she said, realizing how her dad felt, unable to face rejection any longer, long ago he altogether gave up on believing in the magic of the Quick Pick Libraries. 'Maybe your systems been unfair.' 
Cathy thought Lady Rickett might be angry at her for suggesting this, and she might even challenge her on the subject, or worse, gather her shawl and leave. But no, she was a Lady, too proud, and above all else, too understanding. She smiled warmly, quenching any lingering doubts the girl had about her. Cathy felt suddenly embarrassed.
'Opinions define us, we mustn’t be ashamed of them,' said Lady Rickett, sipping her orange juice. 'I must confess, the lottery’s fair. And no child’s below or above it. It’s just, there are many, sometimes others wait a longer time.'
Lady Rickett made sense, she was clear enough, even Ronald, the nonbeliever understood her. Along with Cathy, his time had come. Father and daughter, together they had ventured into the Quick Pick Libraries, and what an adventure they had.  
'More juice.' Ronal saw the Lady’s glass was near empty, he lifted the jug, offering her a refill.
'Yes, I don’t see why not.' She smiled shyly at him. 'Mr Tyson, know this, when it comes to your daughter, I’m serious. At least think about what I’ve told you. That’s all I ask,' she pleaded.  
Ronald refilled his own glass, then put the jug back on the table. Slowly he shook his head. His mind was made up. He became stern faced. He had heard enough and wanted Lady Rickett to leave. 
'Dad,' said Cathy, she could read her dad, his patience was up. Whatever it took, she had to change his mind. But she knew it would not be easy. 'Lady Rickett needs me. I think you should trust her; I do. I’ve spoken to her. I told her I want to help her cause. Believe me, the gift she gave me isn’t what you think it is. It isn’t a stone. Dad, the Star chose me, because I’m special. I can heal it. Let me do this, for Lady Rickett, her friends, and the Quick Pick Libraries.' 
'You’re doing nothing without my say-so. Can’t you see, that thing you call the Star, I’ve seen it, it’s a stone?'
‘But that’s just it,’ said Cathy. ‘First you have to believe.’
‘She’s right,’ said Lady Rickett.  
'And you’re wrong for putting these things in my daughter’s head,’ said Ronald. 
‘Mr Tyson,' Lady Rickett quickly butted in. 'The Star’s a treasure. It’s millions of years old, and yet, still very young. If only you could open your mind to it as your daughter has. Believe me, then you’ll see, the Star’s an amazing thing of power and beauty. It must never be forgotten, but soon it will be. Unless you agree, I regret, the Star and all things this side of Astra, will be gone from this world, forever.' 
'Sorry, but what am I meant to think?' Ronald stood up from the sofa, he glanced down at his daughter. 'We know it isn’t possible. You can’t believe a word she’s saying.' He then shot Lady Rickett a doubting look. 'I’m sure you’re busy. Thank you for coming, my daughter and I appreciate the visit,' he said, humbly.  'I mean it.' 
Cathy frowned at her dad. 'Why won’t you listen? Every word she’s said is true. Dad, I know it.'
'And that's the problem.' Ronald sat beside his daughter, he put an arm around her shoulders. 'Sorry, but it can't be. In your heart, you know it too.' He was saddened by what he thought was the truth, and by the fact, he was all too aware, how much his daughter believed in Lady Rickett’s story. He also felt anger at the librarian for raising his daughter’s hopes. 'Lady Rickett, I’ve nothing more to say…'
'Then I’ll leave you both in peace,' she said. 'But before I do, there’s one last thing.' 
At the request, Ronald gave a puzzled face. Although he wanted Lady Rickett to leave his daughter and himself alone, it was unlike him not to question what she meant. 'One last thing, then you leave me and my daughter in peace,' he said, unable to hide the interested look on his face.
'Of course, I'm a Lady of my word.' The librarian smiled sweetly at him. 
Wasting little time, Lady Rickett plucked the rosebud from behind her ear. Its red petals were folded tightly together, it was a reddish colour, it had a smooth brown stem, and tight ribbed leaves that were just part formed. 
Lady Rickett twisted the stem between a finger and thumb. 'Cathy, the box.’
‘It's here.’ The girl dipped a hand into her shorts pocket and retrieved it. 
‘I've a task for you. Take the Star from the box, free your mind of everything else around, as you do, fix your mind on the rosebud.'
'I don’t get it. Lady Rickett, what will I prove by doing this?'  
'Everything. Make this moment count. I assure you, it’s your only chance. Focus. Let Astra guide you. Show us what you're capable of doing.'
'I don't know what you want me to do.' The girl was confused, clueless about what to do next.  
'The challenge's right here. The rosebud.' Between a finger and thumb Lady Rickett held it at arm’s length. 'All you have to do is make it bloom.'
'But I can’t, I don't know how. It’s way too soon to ask anything. I’m not ready. I’ve still to learn about Astra and the Star.' 
'Presently, you are afraid, uncertainty clouds your judgment, because your minds untrained. Don’t give up. Be bold, remember, to succeed, you’ve got to believe,' said Lady Rickett. 'All that matters here is the link, that's why the Star's chosen you. Cathy, you need just trust, let this alone be your guide.'
Lady Rickett believed in the girl. She had high expectations to aim for, she would do everything possible not to disappoint the librarian. Lady Rickett was right; this was the girls one chance to prove herself to her doubting dad. Whatever it took, Cathy had to show him, the Star was real, it was more than a stone, it was a thing of great beauty, and magic that was fast fading from the world. And only she had the power to heal it. Doing as Lady Rickett asked of her, Cathy knew proving her dad wrong, this was the only way he would then take notice of them both. 
Cathy prized open the lid of the silver box. She knew what to do next, yet clearing her mind was no easy task, nerves soon overwhelmed her. Bracing herself, as she set about the challenge, the girl never gave up. Each time her attempts to bring the rosebud to bloom failed. She began again, a second, third, fourth, and fifth time, but still to no avail. The rosebud remained what it was. The Star shimmered in Cathy’s palm. With each failed attempt she saw her chances slipping away. 
Ronald looked sadly at his daughter. ‘Hey, it’s alright,’ he said. ‘It's time, give the stone back to Lady Rickett, it’s the least you can do.’  
‘Sorry,' hissed Cathy, she felt deflated and defeated. 'My dad’s right.’ She looked up at the librarian. ‘I mean it, really, I didn’t want to fail you. But that's what I've done.’ 
Through the eyes of her spectators, Cathy was aware she failed to deliver on the task. This alone made her even more determined to succeed. She had made a promise to Lady Rickett, to help her cause, and would not give up. Cathy began again. Freeing her mind of distractions, with her sight, again she fixed her attention on the Star. This time, it was only once she relaxed, the task made sense. Raising the Star to her face, softly she stroked it, observing as its points of light shifted. The swaying tips followed her index finger, they then began to sparkle. 
'Lady Rickett,' hissed Cathy, she remembered last time, when the Star became active, she was sure there was another person, and they shared the bond too. 
'Don't fear,' whispered Lady Rickett. 'Focus, focus, focus.'
Grow, thought Cathy, lifting her hand to the rosebud, Lady Rickett held out to her. Grow, I tell you. Grow for me!
At the commanding words nothing happened.
'Grow!' yelled the girl with pent up frustration. Her fingers began to tremble. 'I command you, grow!'
'Cathy, stop it now,' said Ronald, as she shrugged away from him.
'Dad, Lady Rickett's dying. She isn’t the only one, they all are,' she told him. 'The Quick Pick Libraries is doomed. And something in the Star has the power to prevent this happening. We can't abandon them.'  
'Stop it right now, Cathy, listen to yourself... Don’t do this,' said Roland, he was now becoming concerned for his daughter. 'Stop.'
'Grow!' yelled Cathy, at the rosebud. 'Why won’t it grow?' She slumped with her shoulders bent, her face in her hands. Sudden tears of failed hopes wet her palms. It was over, she had failed Lady Rickett and those people who relied on her. ‘I’m unable to save your Quick Pick Libraries. I'm so sorry,' she hissed through the gaps in her fingers. 
Then she heard a loud gasp, it came from her dad.
'Cathy Tyson,' said Lady Rickett. 'Look.'  
The librarian leaned forwards, holding the rosebud closer for the girl to see. Animated, its petals began twitching as they began unfurling, and its leaves grew, all the while unfolding, as its once smooth, brown stem, became green and thorny. Much to Cathy’s surprise, the sweet-smelling rose was now in full bloom. Then its stem began to droop, and the petals of the rose wrinkled, they blackened, and it altogether crumpled and turned to dust.
'That was to say the least, amazing,' hissed Lady Rickett, with wonderment etched across her face. 'I’ve no doubt, the Star reacted to a signal tear, that which fell on it. Your emotions, that’s what awoke the bond between you. Still, concerning Astra and the Star, there’s much to be learnt.'
Cathy beamed with joy, excited by what she had achieved with her new-found gift.
'Don’t be fooled, Cathy, it wasn't you.' Ronald was not won over by what he had seen. 'It was the Lady, she fooling you. That wasn't a real rose, it reacted to something she did to it. Lady Rickett, go on, tell my daughter the truth. This is a joke.'
'Mr Tyson, I assure you, what you've witnessed wasn't of my doing.' Lady Rickett shook her head at Ronald. 'I won’t confess to something I had no part in.'  
'Alright, this has gone on long enough!' snapped Ronald. 'Cathy's been through a bad patch, she's mending from the loss of her mother, she doesn’t need this.'
'What?' asked Lady Rickett.
'You rasing her hopes, telling her stories, and half-baked untruths. Whatever you’re playing at stops right now, I want you out of here. But before you leave, I’d like you to have the decency and tell my daughter the truth.' 
'Cathy mentioned to me you don’t believe in magic.'
'You're a liar!'  
'She also warned me of your stubbornness! She told me this would be a most difficult task for us both. Your daughter’s right. I think it’s time for another example of her new-found gift.'
‘And I think it’s time you left,’ said Ronald. 
He clearly doubted Lady Rickett, but she had not given up on Cathy. As instructed by her, again the girl focused. The Star came alive in her palm. Although her face was bathed by its warmth, that of its white glow, her father saw nothing but the stone. Still, both Cathy and Lady Rickett knew this. The girl would have to raise the stakes. The glow of the Star in her palm became brighter, until she was forced to squint away from it. 
With a loud screech, a monkey leapt free from the light, through the air, it landed on the table. In a maddened frenzy it scattered sandwiches in all directions, then lifted the empty plate, dropping it. With an ear-splitting crash, the table shattered into tiny pieces.
'Get that monkey!' yelled Ronald, as he tried to grab hold of it.
'He can see it too,' gasped Cathy, with surprise.
'In our domain, the conjured monkey, it's as real as we are,' said Lady Rickett as she went to assist Ronald. 
They both hurried around the broken glass, towards the monkey. It was quicker than they thought. Leaping, it escaped their grasp, leaving them clawing at nothing. Again, Ronald and Lady Rickett tiptoed silently towards it. The monkey was now swinging, playfully from the lounge room curtains. 
Cathy had to do something, she called as loud as she could. The monkey did not respond. 'Lady Rickett, I don’t know what to do, it’s ignoring me. How do I get it back into the Star?' she hissed, stepping up behind them. 'I’ve tried calling it back, but the monkey doesn’t listen.' 
'That’s because you conjured it, yet you’re not its master. Simply keep focused on its whereabouts,' said Lady Rickett. 'Try again.'
At once Cathy knew what she meant. 'I feared you’d say that,' she said. 'It’s causing such a commotion, it’s not easy.' 
'Ignore the monkey’s reactions. It’s making a fuss because it knows what you're planning to do, send it back,' said the librarian.
There came a sudden crash, the poll fell, the curtains covered Ronald and Lady Rickett, stumbling to their knees, they attempted to find a way out. Cathy watched the monkey roll across the floor and gain its feet. It leapt through the air, landing on the book cabinet. Holding aloft the Star, Cathy raced towards it. The monkey screeched in protest, throwing books at its target, the girl. After emptying a whole shelf, it dived at her. Cathy raised the Star to shield her face. There came a blinding flash, it was followed by another louder screech. The monkey was suddenly gone. Dazed, Cathy lowered the Star and began chuckling to herself. 
'Let me assist.' Lady Rickett led Ronald out from beneath the curtains. 'Like old times, don’t you think?' She had a big grin on her face.  
'This time without the crowd and the stage.' Ronald grinned back at her, as his pale white cheeks, blushed red. 
Lady Rickett had a point. They met not so long ago, and not soon after, here they were, hand in hand again. Only now Ronald was less serious than before, and they giggled like little school children.
'I did it,' said Cathy.
'You did,' agreed her dad. 'Whatever that was?' He gave an unsure face.
'I know it’s hard to believe. But it’s alright, dad, you can say the word,' said Cathy. 'It’s called magic.' 
 As he nodded his head, in silent reply, Ronald found it hard to accept. Yet, with this recent discovery he knew his daughter had proven her point.
'I would offer to clean up the mess,' said Lady Rickett. 'But I’ve left my hat at home.'
'Let me do it instead.' Cathy was eager to help in any way she could.
'Not so fast,' said Ronald. 'I’ve seen enough magic tricks for one day.' 
'Of course, you have,' agreed Lady Rickett. 'I’ll send you a check, to cover the cost of any damaged items. Now, my time’s precious. I’ve duties at the Quick Pick Libraries that can't wait. If you don’t mind, I’ll be on my way.' Turning, she went to leave. 
'You can’t go, not yet!' All Cathy could think about was Lady Rickett’s fate, and that of the people at the Quick Pick Libraries, and how much they needed her. 'Don’t leave… Dad, stop her, it can't end like this, don't just stand there, say something.'
'Cathy’s right,' suddenly Ronald spoke up. 'Lady Rickett, wait… My daughter, you said you need her help.' 
The librarian stood with her back to the father and daughter. 'More than anything else in the world, more than words can say, more than you'll ever know,' she humbly replied to his question. 'If not, I wouldn’t have come to ask.’ 
Ronald butted in. 'My daughter and this so-called thing of magic powers, the Star. They really mean so much to you and your people.'
'Mr Tyson, our very fate depends on them both,' replied Lady Rickett.
'I can’t ignore what I’ve just seen...' Ronald thought of his daughter, she was brave, she had coped well with the bad patch they were going through. 'Lady Rickett, your offering just what my Cathy needs, a challenge, something I can't give her right now. I haven’t the right to disappoint my daughter.’ He grinned. ‘When does Cathy begin these lessons?'
Lady Rickett slowly turned and faced Ronald. 'As soon as possible, I hope.'
 At the request he nodded his head. 'Cathy, what do you say to that?' he asked.
'Yes, of course,' said Cathy, jumping with joy. 'I’d really like to start my lessons. Astra. The Star, I want to learn about them.' 
'Alright, but I have rules that must be followed,' warned Ronald.
'Really dad.' It suddenly occurred to the girl what his rules would entail.

Chapter 16
Study in Astra


*
Ronald left for work, leaving Cathy in the care of Mr Howson, the next-door neighbour. Even though she was fifteen years of age, her dad was protective of her. No one was more suited to the task of watching over her, while he was away from home than old Mr Howson. The neighbour was sixty-four-years-old. His wife Mrs Howson was fifty-nine, she was part disabled after suffering from a stroke. She hardly came out of their house. When she did, she was in a wheelchair, occasionally, when Mr Howson and she went shopping or for walks on Clapham Common, Cathy came along too, to help push the wheelchair. Now it was summer, more often than not, the girl saw Mrs Howson over the garden fence. She was a great cook, always baking cakes and biscuits. She would always give some to Cathy.  
It was Ronald’s decision, while his daughter was at the Quick Pick Libraries, Mr Howson would be there too. Her plus one. His duty was report back to Ronald what went on during Cathy’s time away. 
'Is there anything else?' asked Lady Rickett, drawing shut the curtains in her office.
The desktop lamp gave a dim light. Mr Howson sat by the long table, in a comfy, big back chair. Cathy stood at the centre of the rug in the middle of the floor. The Star shimmered in her palm. The five lanes of Astra, Lady Rickett mentioned, had not been clear to the girl.
'The Star, that’s all I see.' The disappointment Cathy felt was clear in her slouched manner.
'It's pointless,' said Mr Howson, he had no idea what all the fuss was about. 'Lady Rickett, it's all very confusing. You'll achieve nothing by teasing the girl.'
The librarian turned to the old man, she seemed puzzled by his lack of imagination. 'Mr Howson, I assure you, Cathy Tyson's aware why she's here. And she knows what’s expected of her. She mustn’t be distracted. Her thoughts can’t be subjected to suggestions of doubt. If she’s true to her belief she'll master her goal.'
'Very well, you don't have to tell me what’s next.' Mr Howson gave a resigned sigh. 'I suppose you'll be telling me the she needs to concentrate. And my waffling on isn't helping very much.'
'That's a correct assumption,' said Lady Rickett, with a pondering look on her face.
Mr Howson reclined further into the big chair and silently observed. Lady Rickett stood at Cathy’s side, she tried to convince the girl the task ahead would be easy. Yet nerves got the better of her. Before long, Cathy’s legs felt like jelly. 
'Five paths, that’s all, they form the structure of Astra, you told me this,' repeated Cathy. She was aware there was no room for error. 'Mauve air, red focus, green earth, yellow current, black binding. It's no good. None of them are clear to me.'
'I needn’t remind you, remember what you've achieved today, in front of your dad. Then you knew nothing whatsoever about Astra’s law,' said Lady Rickett, softly.
'The rose, it was beautiful, smelt so sweet. I turned it into a pile of dust. The riotous monkey that didn’t want to leave. So far all I’ve created is a calamity.' Cathy shrugged her shoulders. 'I’d rather not think about earlier. That was a disaster, even if it helped change my dad’s mind.'
'Alright,' said Lady Rickett. 'Start again, air fills the void between the Star and yourself. Therefore, you'll need to focus hard, form a current, create an earth, then bind them as one. Repeat this.'
'Air fills the void,' said Cathy.
'Shhh.' hissed Lady Rickett, silencing her pupil. 'Think it, concentrate, don't say the words out loud.'
The girl did as she was told. Thinking, visualizing in sequence, Astra’s five pathways, bridging the void between them. The Star began to warm in her palm. Its points twitched, then they shimmered, swaying back-and-forth, graduall5y becoming brighter, with a soft pale light.
Mr Howson gave a sudden loud gasp. He sat forwards in the big comfy chair, he saw it, the pulsing light in the girl’s palm. ‘It’s magic,’ he said.
‘Shhh,’ hissed Lady Rickett. 
Cathy was not distracted from her task, she was focused, her mind elsewhere seeking Astra’s paths. Mauve air, red focus, green earth, yellow current, black binding. In response, the Star shimmered brighter. Slowly it began spinning. Her senses heightened, as in her mind’s eye the first glimpse of light flickered, mauve. 'I see it.' Her voice shook with excitement. 'Air.'
'Silence, keep focused.' Lady Rickett, seemed just as excited. Quickly she hurried in front of the girl, observing the Star’s activity with keen interest. 'Once you've mastered your focus, from there form an earth.'
Cathy did what was requested of her, with all her effort, she delved deeper. Sparking into life a flicker of red formed in her mind. The girl's eyelids flicked up. Lady Rickett gave her a quick nod of the head, acknowledging her success. With two paths secure, Cathy proceeded onwards, seeking green earth, the third. As she tried, in her palm, spinning, the Star quickly became a distraction. It became clear to Cathy finding the next path would be difficult than those others before it. 
The silent observer, Lady Rickett became concerned, by the spinning, shimmering object, its chill wind sent her long, white hair, flying around her, and her dress rippling. 'Seek with your mind, delve deeper for the next link,' she instructed. 'I can’t help, you alone must do this.'
Cathy reached further than she had before, discovering, blended within the mauve and red pathways, there was a faint green. She had found earth. Her triumphant chuckle was short lived. The Star span faster. 
Lady Rickett peered closer; an anxious expression crossed her face. 'Stop,' she commanded with a deep tone of voice.
'I nearly have it.' Cathy was determined, she was anything but a quitter, with her goal in her grasp, she would not abort the mission. 'There's only yellow and black left.'
'Don’t argue with me, do as I say,' said Lady Rickett, there was slight panic in her voice. There was something wrong, she knew it. 
Cathy was left with no choice, the words of her mentor lingered on in her mind, after coming this far, she had to withdraw from the task and admit defeat. Removing herself from the pathways of air, focus, and earth, proved difficult. They were now fixed points in the girl’s mind. Yet they were not yet bonded as one. 
Why is it a struggle? thought Cathy.  
'Listen to me, you’re almost free. All you have to do is slowly release your grip,' advised Lady Rickett.
‘If only it were that simple.’ Cathy felt enclosed within her mind, afraid, she panicked, and a sudden pain ripped through her. ‘Lady Rickett,’ she gasped. 
‘Release it, do it now!’ she bellowed.
The Star came to a juddering halt in the girl’s palm. With probing fingers, she raised a hand, and began massaging her aching forehead.
'Cathy Tyson, are you alright?' asked Lady Rickett, holding the girl by both arms.
Cathy was dazed, unsure, but glad the ordeal was over. 'I'm sure I'll survive,' she said as she attempted a smile.
'Then that's it, the end. I mean it’s all over. If you ask me, dabbling with magic, Cathy’s lucky to be alive,' said Mr Howson, from the big chair. 
Cathy squinted at him. ‘The Star, you saw it,’ she said.
‘Of course, I do, I’m a believer of magic, back in the sixties I even believed in flower power,’ he explained. 'Lady Rickett, under the current circumstance, I doubt whether you'll achieve anything more than you already has. Cathy’s failed the challenge; she isn’t the girl you’re seeking. I think it’s time Cathy and I were heading back home.'
'No,' said the girl. 'The Star chose me; I can’t give up on it.'
'The problem is, you keep saying this, and it’s got you nowhere,' said Mr Howson, sounding none too convinced with her reason. 'Cathy, it just wasn't to be.'
'She doesn’t need to hear that,' said Lady Rickett, briskly. 'It seems the Star has still to evaluate in Astra, as it does this, she’ll remain its owner.'
'That's right,' agreed the girl. 
'For now, we must consider this a miner incident, nothing more than a little setback, Cathy will return from, after a short break,' Lady Rickett told Mr Howson. 'Tea anyone?'
'I won't say no to another,' said the old man, as quickly he gulped from his cup. 'And a biscuit would go a treat. I prefer chocolate.'
'Very well, you’re easily pleased,' said Lady Rickett. Crossing to her desk, with a finger hovering over the desktop phone, she waited. 'Cathy?'
With the Star still in the palm of her hand, the girl gazed, unblinking. 'I'll have what Mr Howson's having.' She was still slightly confused, all the while wondering how Astra’s path transfer would give her control of the object she held. To her it seemed as though the Star had a strange, alien life of its own. Yet bound by Astra, even to her, it would not give up its secrets so easily.
'Sadie,' said Lady Rickett, hovering over the phone. 
'My Lady,' came the secretaries voice on the loudspeaker.
'I would like a pot of tea, three cups and biscuits...' Lady Rickett paused, remembering a miner detail, Mr Howson's request. 'Chocolate biscuits will do nicely.'
'My Lady, is that all?' asked Sadie.
'For now,' she replied. 'Thank you.'
Soon after that, before long, Sadie arrived carrying a tray. She put it down on the long table and quickly left. As Cathy and Mr Howson sat, Lady Rickett poured the tea.
'I thought Sadie would do this,' said Mr Howson.
'She’s my trusty, much respected sectary, not a handmaid,' said Lady Rickett, placing three chocolate biscuits on a saucer beside Mr Howson's teacup. 'I consider all my staff with the utmost respect. At the Quick Pick Libraries, we’re all one happy family.'            
'And before you go raising the girl’s hopes, for the record, Cathy isn't part of it,' said Mr Howson, with a smug mood.
Hearing this, Cathy choked on her tea, she gulped, returning her cup to its saucer. She thought the old man’s comment rude. Cathy was about to come to the defence of Lady Rickett, when the librarian quickly butted in.
'For someone who confesses he believes in magic, you speak as though you're somewhat afraid of it,' she said, subtly. 'In a lifetime. This second chance visit to the Quick Pick Libraries should humble you. Other than the girl, none before you have had such a privilege.'
It suddenly dawned on Cathy what Lady Rickett meant. 'Mr Howson,' she said in wonderment. 'In the past. you didn’t mention you’ve visited the Quick Pick Libraries.' She wondered why he chose to keep silent about it.
The old man gave an offhanded wave. 'Don't forget, it was a very long-time ago,' he said, taking a bite of his chocolate biscuit. 'I was fifteen, no older than you are now. And the Quick Pick Libraries, yes, it was everything I wished it to be. An experience to remember. But with passing time I've chosen not to. You might say I'm all grown up.'
'Yet you still do believe, if you didn't you be like my dad. The Star, you wouldn't see it. And you wouldn't be here,' said Cathy.
'While in the Lady’s present company, your dad asked me to watch over you, it’s as simple as that,' said Mr Howson.
Cathy thought otherwise. 'Mr Howson, I know Mrs Howson would appreciate your company too.'
'I’m sure she does, but Kate can take care of herself for a few hours,' he said. 'If she needs anything she’ll phone. Don’t forget, I'm doing this for your dad.'
The girl knew the old man too well to be fooled. 'Or, after all these years, you just couldn't resist coming back to the Quick Pick Libraries,' she guessed. 'It's alright, Mr Howson, don't worry, your secrets safe with me.'          
Chapter 17
Boy at Her Window
	

*
Late that evening, Cathy sat on the sofa with her dad, watching a film (Truth or Lies) it was a comedy. This was Cathy and Ronald’s quality time together. Cathy spent most of the afternoon with Mr Howson in Lady Rickett’s office. The girls failed attempts to master control of the Star, through Astra's path binding, left her feeling all the more determine to succeed. It was soon after tea and biscuits, again Cathy resumed where she had left off. Practicing, while eagerly, Lady Rickett, guided her. Still, the task was challenging, and after numerous failed attempts, Lady Rickett sent Cathy and Mr Howson home, asking only they return tomorrow.   
Watching the film, Cathy laughed out loud, it was halfway through when she stretched her arms and gave a yawn. Her eyelids were heavy. She was tired. ‘I’m going up to bed dad,’ she said.
‘But the films near the end,’ said Ronald, sounding disappointed. 
‘I’ll watch it again tomorrow, after I've seen Lady Rickett at the Quick Pick Libraries, I'll find the time. I might even invite Kyle around too.’ She gave her dad a kiss on the cheek. ‘Goodnight,’ she said. 
Cathy went upstairs to bed. It was soon after she got snug beneath the sheets, and was drifting off to sleep, that she heard a tap, tap, tapping sound. At first, she had no idea where it came from. Then her eyelids flicked open, she glanced over at the window.
What’s that noise? she thought, sitting up, getting out of bed. I’m not expecting visitors. Who can it be at this time of night? I hope it isn’t Kyle, if his had another argument with he’s mum, he can’t stay here. Dad will go ape. 
Cathy crossed to the window and peered out through a gap in the parted curtains. Below she saw a boy standing under the streetlight. She would have thought nothing of him, and gone straight back to bed, but he threw a stone, this time it struck the girl on her nose. Then the boy whispered her name.
‘Hey,’ he hissed. ‘I know you’re up there.’ 
Panicking, before her dad heard, Cathy leaned out over the window ledge, pressing a finger to her lips, she silenced the boy with a hiss. 'Who are you, I don't believe we've met.''
'I'm Tomas,' he whispered back. 'And I already know who you are, that’s why I’ve come here, to see you.'
'Tomas, the name doesn’t ring a bell, and thank you very much, but I don’t want to see you. It’s late. Come back another time, I’m off to bed.'
'Don’t go, wait.' Tomas’s voice became slightly raised. 'I’ve heard all about you. Cathy Tyson. That’s your name, isn’t it? You’re the girl everyone at the Quick Pick Libraries have been talking about. This afternoon, after you left, Lady Rickett called a meeting in her office. She spoke highly of you. And at long last, I felt hope, in all of us, it almost made me cry. You know we’ve got problems.'
'That's why I'm doing all I can to help.' Cathy rolled her tired eyes skywards. 
‘I’ve come here because I want to be the first to thank you.’ 
'Coming here isn't a good idea.  If my dad catches you loitering down there, you won’t be the only one with problems.'
'Why is that?' inquired Tomas.
'Boys are trouble, he says that, and don’t I know it.'    
'I hope you don’t mind, but I had to find out if what the Lady told us is true, or not.' Tomas stood rooted to the spot.
'As you see, here I am, that’s proof enough. She wasn’t lying… I’m for real, and I'm flattered everyone at the Quick Pick Libraries is talking about me, I really am.' Cathy tried to determine the boy’s features, but the streetlight was too dim. He was as much a curiosity to her as she was to him. 'I'm barmy for doing this,' she scolded herself. 'Tomas, wait there I’m coming down.'
With bare feet, the girl crept downstairs, hurried along the passage, slid the latch, and opened the front door. Tomas was waiting. At once Cathy realized where she had seen him. This was the boy from the Quick Pick Libraries, she and her dad met him, in the tent of Tulia, the Singing Mermaid. Ronald's sneezing alerted and frightened him away. 
 Tomas was sixteen, a year older than Cathy, yet he looked slightly older, and was taller than she was. His skin was smooth and white, his eyes slightly slanted, his parents were from China, he was raised at the Quick Pick Libraries. His hair was wavy, white and shoulder length, he wore a T-shirt, blue jeans and white trainers. Holding tight to the sleeve of Cathy’s night robe, he stepped inside. As they crept silently upstairs the lounge room door opened.
'Cathy,' said Ronald, entering the passageway. 'Shouldn't you be upstairs? I thought you were going straight to bed.'
'I was,' stammered Cathy. 'I mean, I am now... Dad.' She gulped, lost for words. She was staring directly at Tomas; he was a step ahead of her. She had to think of something to tell her dad. 'Before you ask, this isn’t what it looks like. Let me explain what’s going on.' She feared the worst. 
Tomas shook his head at her. No, no, no.  His lips were silently moving. 
At once Cathy thought she knew what he meant. Tomas was trying to tell her something she found truly amazing. For a reason unknown to her, her dad did not see the boy. 
Tomas, I can see you, then why can’t he? Thought Cathy. 'Dad… I, I, I was thirsty,' she stuttered, confused by the sudden discovery. 'I had a glass of water. You were watching the film. I didn’t want to disturb you.'
'Don’t be silly. Disturb me whenever you like. How many times have I told you? Cathy, if you need anything, just ask.' 
'I know that dad.' She smiled sweetly at him. 
'Was it that noise outside, did wake you up?' asked Ronald.
'Noise. I heard nothing,' lied Cathy.
'It didn’t last long. But it sounded like rain on the windows.' Ronald gave a puzzled frown.
'If it was raining, I knew nothing about it. I must’ve been in the kitchen at the time.' Again, Cathy lied, she was aware her dad heard Tomas throwing stones up at her bedroom window. 'Goodnight dad,' saying that, she made her way upstairs.


**

 'It's unlike him, my dad sees everything, but he didn't notice you.' Cathy pointed a finger in Tomas' direction. He confused her, there was something about him that did not add up. 'There's a reason why he didn't see you. If he did he would’ve thrown you out by an ear. And I’d be grounded for a day or two. Unless, you've got a star too.'
'I have.' 
'You became invisible.'
'Not really. What I did was simple,' said Tomas, matter-of-factly. 'I planted a thought in your dad’s mind. Even if he wanted to, he couldn’t see me.'
'You've got a useful gift,' said Cathy. 'This thought you put in my dad’s mind.' 
Excitedly the boy butted in. 'Don’t see me.'
'That's all?' 
'I told you it was simple.'
'But brilliant, if only I could do that, become unseen. The things I'd do.'
'The mischief you'd get up to.'
'Definitely, I gather the gates of the Quick Pick Libraries are closed this time of night. You got pass Mike and Edmond unseen.'
'They would've stopped me if I didn't.'
'Tomas, you've an excellent gift.' Cathy was fast beginning to like him.
'Maybe.' Tomas gave the compliment little thought. 'But I shouldn’t have done it without asking your dads permission first. It goes against the rules.' He sat on the corner of the bed. 'If it’s alright, the Star, I’d like to see it.'
'I have it here.' Cathy took the shiny, silver box, from under her pillow. Eagerly she handed it over to her guest. As his fingers struggled to find an opening she sat at his side. A curious frown grew on Cathy's face. 'What’s that hanging from the chain around your neck?' 
'My star,' replied Tomas, gritting his teeth, as he attempted to open the box.
 'It looks like a piece of coal,' said Cathy. 'It’s stopped glowing.'
'The reason for this is obvious.' He continued to struggle, trying to open the box.
'Oh, that's right.' Cathy was still none the wiser, but she hid it from the boy.   
'I thought you would’ve guessed,' he said suddenly. 'The link between my star and me is waning, it’s a matter of time before it altogether severs.'
'That means the force of Astra is leaving you.' This much made sense to the girl, and she pitied the boy.
'What do you know about Astra?' he asked her.
'Not much.' Cathy shrugged her shoulders. 'But I remember Lady Rickett telling me, all gifted, this side of Astra are linked by it. And as the Star that I own dies... Tomas.' 
Suddenly he butted in. 'I’m dying too,' he said, softly, and a sad expression crossed his face. 'That includes Lady Rickett. At the Quick Pick Libraries, we all are.' 
'Then that includes me too, I've been touched by Astra, I'm one of you now.' 
'Cathy, you're wrong to think that. At long last the Star has chosen another. That child's you. Whatever happens you're the one born, destined to save us.'
Tomas seemed happy and sure of this, but Cathy, her thoughts were presently elsewhere. Her lessons today, were not as successful she or Lady Rickett hoped. There were lingering doubts in the girl’s mind. She did not have the courage to confess her failures. Cathy thought Lady Rickett might be wrong, there was nothing special about herself, so she thought.  Tomas, Lady Rickett, and the people at the Quick Pick Libraries, believed in her more than she did herself.   
Noticing Tomas was still struggling with the box, Cathy volunteered to help. 'Let me,' she said, reaching over and prizing the lod of the box open with ease.
'You must think I’m as blind as a bat,' he joked, in a shy manner. 
'Not at all. When I was given the box, I couldn’t figure it out either. The first time was easy, Lady Rickett opened it for me. After that I had to open it by myself. And I have ever since. It's strange, I think the box doesn’t want to be opened by just anyone.'   
'The box, I wonder what it looks like,' said Tomas.
'That's a strange thing to say,' said Cathy. 
'Really, if only I could see the box, I'm sure it wouldn’t have been so difficult to open.' Tomas picked up the Star, placing it in his palm. He stroked it. The object remained lifeless. He blinked, yet his slanted eyes, never once gazed directly at the Star nestled in his palm. 'I wasn’t joking, Cathy, I can’t see. I really am blind.'
'Has it always been this way?' At once the girl hoped her question did not alarm or offended the boy's feelings.  'Sorry, me and my big mouth. You don’t have to answer that. 'I should've thought before speaking.'
'It’s alright. Just as the Star's chosen you, it was fated, I’m born this way. To me it’s perfectly normal. I admit, I even like it.' Tomas' tone of voice was confident and subtle. 'I'm blind, free and focused… And thanks to Deborah, I’ve learnt to use another form of sight, the one that comes from within.'
'Deborah,' repeated Cathy, she had noticed, at the sound of this name, Tomas’s face lit up with joy. 
'My teacher, my adopted mum you could say, she raised me. I owe her everything. I’m lucky to have her in my life.' Tomas turned his face to Cathy. 'She's old, I shouldn’t tell you the secret of her youth, but I'll share it with you. It’s Astra that keeps her young. She also smells like summer flowers. And I’ve been told she’s very beautiful, at times I wish I can see her, then I’d know what beauty is. I can read people around me, but Deborah, she isn't like anyone else I've encountered. With the passing of time she’s become hard like stone. All I know is there's a faint glow that comes from her star. Still, I’m grateful. I owe her my life.'
'You're in praise of her,' said Cathy. 
'Like I said, Deborah isn’t my real mum, but she deserves to be,' said Tomas. 'She found me, a baby, that was my age, back then, when my parents abandoned me. They left me beneath Tower Bridge, on the mud, in the middle of winter, wrapped in a shawl. If Deborah hadn’t found me, with the incoming tied, I would’ve been swept down the River Thames, and drowned.' 
'I'm sorry.' Cathy felt a twinge of sadness for the boy sat beside her. 'That’s awful. I thought I had problems, suddenly they don’t seem so bad. Monsters, that's what they are. No parents in their right mind could do that to their baby.'
'I know why they abandoned me.'
'It’s alright, you needn’t explain.' Cathy placed a hand on his arm. 'I've heard enough about them.'
'If I ever asked Deborah, who my parents are, long ago she answered my question, I don’t remember what she told me,' whispered Tomas. 
'If you ask me, Deborah, she's been a role model.' Cathy stoked his arm.
A distant look came across Tomas' face. 'By hiding the truth from me? I know I’m not like you, or any other children, and I never will be.'
'You mustn’t say that.' 
'No matter what I do I’ll never fit in.'
'Tomas, stop blaming yourself,' said Cathy, softly. 'Believe me, being different isn’t all that bad. The world would be a boring place if everyone was the same. What we do, that's what makes us all special.'
'Special,' repeated Tomas, he was none too sure of this. 'Cathy, your special, I'm not. I'll tell you a secret, something I've never mentioned to anyone. There was a time when I cried myself to sleep. Whatever you do, don’t ever mention this to the Lady, she’ll tell Deborah, and she wouldn’t understand. Where I'm concerned, she takes things personal. She would think she failed me.'
'If she cares about you, she wouldn't think that,' said Cathy, trying to make sense of the boys lingering doubts. 'From where I'm sitting, there's nothing wrong with you.'
'Still, there’s so much I haven’t told her,' confessed Tomas. 
'You shouldn't be ashamed to tell her how you feel. If you’re angry or sad, I'm sure Deborah will want to know. For your honesty she’ll think you’re brave.'
'Dumb more like,' said Tomas.
Cathy disagreed; she shook her head. 
'You've really no idea what I mean. Some of us are different than others.' Tomas's head lowered, he felt ashamed. 'I have to be brave every day. Just be glad you’ll never live with what I do.'
'Sight isn't everything, it hasn’t held you back. On your own you've come to visit me. I don’t know how you found my house, but you did, and you done it alone. If that isn't brave, I don't know what is.' 
'My secret, it isn't I was born without sight. When I say I'm different...? I'll show you what I mean, but beware, you won’t like it,' warned Tomas. 'I know you'll change your mind about me. I might even scare you.'
'Tomas, that's hard to believe,' said Cathy, softly as she stroked his arm. 'If it means so much, I understand, it's alright. You don’t have to prove anything.'
It was too late, the boy parted his wavy white hair, revealing a long-pointed ear. 
Cathy gazed in wide-eyed wonder at the discovery. 'You’re an elf,' she gasped.
Chapter 18
Revealed


*
‘I told you, you wouldn't like it, I'm not normal,' said Tomas. His white hair fell back into place, covering his pointed ear. There was shame etched across his face, and tears in his eyes. 'Now you know my secret. Why at birth my parents didn’t want me. Rather than accept what I am, they gave up on me.'
'It changes nothing, I still think they're horrid for what they did. You’re better off without them,' said Cathy, bluntly. 'Tomas, you're in the best place to be. At the Quick Pick Libraries, it’s safe there, you’re with people that care.' 
'It’s funny, I thought you'd say that,’ said the elf boy. 
'It’s true, all over the world, children only dream of visiting your home.' Cathy smiled as she reminisced. 'I know, before Lady Rickett gave me the silver ticket, I was one of those kids. Dad tried long and hard to win a lottery ticket, but he wasn't lucky.' 
'So many want to visit the Quick Pick Libraries. There's a limited time, we're travellers, gypsies. The Lady likes it that way, we never stay in one place too long,' said the elf boy.
'Tomas, you've got the best family in all the world,' said Cathy.
'They take care of me and I’m grateful to have them.'
'Then, that's enough, isn't it?' the girl asked, wondering whether her point was clear to him.
Slowly Tomas nodded his head. 'It's just, now I’m older, Deborah and I, we hardly talk about the past.'
'How old are you?' 
'Sixteen and three months.'  
Hearing this left Cathy smiled. 'You're a year older than I am.' She was glad he could not see the stupid, wide-eyed look on her face. 
'Thanks for letting me in. I’m glad we've met.' Tomas smiled in Cathy's direction. 'I must be going home now.' He put the Star back in the silver box. 'I believe this belongs to you.' 
'Thanks Tomas.' Cathy accepted the box and put it back under her pillow. She was slightly sad, after not long ago arriving, he had to leave so soon. She enjoyed his company. 'I’ll walk you home.' She took hold of his waiting hand.
'Only if you want to,' said Tomas, standing, pausing suddenly. Before they set off for the Quick Pick Libraries, there was something he wanted to tell the girl. 'Wait. I have a request. I want to see what you look like.'
'Alright...' She agreed. 'What do you want me to do?' asked Cathy. 
'Nothing, just stand still and leave the rest to me,' he replied. 
Tomas reached out, Cathy shut her eyelids, allowing his fingers to glide across her face. They slowly probed her forehead, then lowered to her eyelids, nose, lips and slightly chubby cheeks. She hoped he liked what he discovered. His probing did not take long. A moment passed then Tomas gave a satisfied sigh. Cathy hoped he was pleased, as her eyelids flicked open, she looked into his face.  
Tomas returned a happy grin. 'You're pretty fine looking,' he said, in a soft tone of voice. Then he gave an involuntary shudder. 'Oh no...' 
'Tomas,' said Cathy, as she squinted at him. 
He sensed something that gave him cause to be afraid. 'Deborah, she’s here.'
 Cathy peered across her bedroom, at the red light, behind the closed curtains, it outlined a shadow of someone at the window. 'Quiet,' she hissed. She knew the elf boy was right. 'We’ve been whispering. She mightn't have heard us. If we wait awhile, I’m sure she’ll get bored and go away.'
Tomas was unsure of this. 'Deborah's smart, in order to know I'm here, she doesn’t need sight any more than I do. Her talent speaks for itself; she just knows things.'
'Things,' repeated Cathy. 
'Everything, well, that's anything worth wanting to know about.' The elf boy gave a resigned shrug of his shoulders. 'She's aware I’ve left the Quick Pick Libraries. She tracked me here.'
'Alright, Deborah's got a tab on you, but I want you to know, I won’t let you take the blame for anything. I know why you've come to see me,' said Cathy. 'Let me talk to her first.' 
Before Tomas could protest, Cathy rushed over to the curtains, grabbed hold, then swiftly drew them aside. She opened the window wide. As expected, Deborah was waiting. She had a hand raised to her chest, her fingers held a red star, hanging from a thin chain around her neck. And glowing in its light, the many layers of her long dress, stirred in a delicate breeze, flapping all around her, as she hovered weightlessly on the air. 
The awesome sight was enough to take Cathy's breath away. 'Deborah,' she hissed. In the presence of the librarian, the girl felt suddenly dumb, as she gulped, unsure of what to say next.
'Cathy Tyson, it seems you've already met Tomas.' Deborah was none too pleased.
'I know what he’s done is wrong. At this late hour, without asking your permission, he left the grounds of the Quick Pick Libraries. He's aware its wrong too, but we shouldn't blame him. With everyone talking about me, Tomas' curious, if I was him, I would be. That's the reason why he's came to see me,' said Cathy, in the elf boy's defence. 'Tomas only wanted to find out if what Lady Rickett told everyone was true. Sorry, I’m the reason why he's here.'
Deborah was silent. Her face stony, for the girl, it was hard to second guess what the librarian thought. But she knew, just as Tomas had told her, Deborah smelt like summer flowers. She was also tall, slim, youthful and pretty. And Cathy was all too aware she had a star. What the full extent of Deborah's gift was, kept Cathy guessing. No matter what the girl said, how deep her lies were, it was obvious the librarian knew too much. Yet, Deborah's lingering pause gave her false hope. While Deborah took a moment to mull over what she was told, Cathy believed her honesty was enough to save the elf boy from further shame, still, Deborah’s long silence soon gave her cause to doubt.  
'Tomas, it seems you’ve gone out of your way, putting a dent in our trust,' said Deborah, her tone of voice was firm. 'At this late-night hour, straying from home, ignoring to mention this little escapade to the one you're entrusted too. Have you nothing to say for yourself?’
‘I just wanted,’ started Tomas.
‘Enough,’ Deborah quickly interrupted.
Cathy butted in. 'It isn't his fault,’ she said. 
'However, inquiring his mind might be, Tomas' wrongs don’t make it right.' Deborah glanced over the girl’s shoulder at the elf boy. 'Sometime in the morning we’ll discuss this matter further. Now it’s time to go home.'
Tomas did as he was told. Deborah’s voice gave him a sense of direction, confidently he crossed the bedroom floor, to the window without a moment’s hesitation. 'Cathy, thank you,' he said. 'I’m glad I had the chance to meet you first.'
The girl felt the same, but she thought herself selfish not to consider the cost to him. The elf boy was friendly, kind to her, and she was flattered that he had taken the time, and the risk, just to see her. Cathy wanted to tell him she was sorry for getting him in trouble. She only hoped he would not be punished because of her. She wanted to see him again and would have asked to, but with Deborah present, this was hardly the time or place. 
Tomas climbed onto the window ledge, held onto Deborah's waiting hand, then stepped off, and was suddenly gone. 
Cathy, thank you, his voice hissed in her ears.
The girl leaned out over the window ledge, looking up at the dark night sky, the full moon, and the bright clusters of glittering stars. At once, she glimpsed what she thought looked like Tomas, moving in a swift motion. Then he was gone from sight over the rooftop. 
Chapter 19
Teachers and Students
    

*
Before long morning came, for Cathy not a moment too soon, she was excited, not because she was invited back to the Quick Pick Libraries, to continue her study of the Star, but she hoped to meet Tomas. After their meeting last night, she hoped Deborah would not choose to keep him from her. It was as the girl eagerly waited at the kitchen table; the doorbell rang for the sixth time. Cathy expected Lady Rickett was waiting for her. 
'I told you that'll just have to wait. And I don’t want any more buts from you,' Ronald told his daughter, as he continued with the ironing. 'I can’t send you off to the Quick Pick Libraries wearing that T-shirt; you wore it yesterday. And you spilt blackcurrant juice down it.  If she sees you looking like that, Lady Rickett won't be impressed.'
Cathy rolled her eyes at her dads’ brash comment. 'I doubt there's anything to worry about, she isn't at all judgemental.'
'More like she'll think your dad has bad parenting skills,' he said. 
Cathy chuckled, she thought he was overacting. 'Dad, give me a break. I’m sure the Lady won’t even notice. Anyway, I happen to like this T-shirt.'
'Do as I tell you.' Ronald gave a swift push of the iron, steam hissed in a cloud across the ironing board. 'If not, you leave me no choice. I’ll step outside and inform Lady Rickett you won’t be attending her class to day. And you can stay here all day, or better still, with Mr Howson.'
'Cathy Tyson, I'm looking forwards to going to the Quick Pick Libraries, if you are too, you'd better do what he says,' said the old man, with a weary sigh. After yesterday, the day of moaning, he enjoyed his new found role.    
Suddenly the doorbell rang again. Cathy glanced at the dark patch on her T-shirt, it was not that noticeable. She failed to understand why her dad made a fuss. But her little protest had no effect, if anything, it made things worse. Ronald was no longer listening to her. If she refused to do as he asked, Cathy would be going nowhere. While he was at work, she would be stuck at home with Mr Howson, knowing she spoilt the day for the both of them. Quickly Cathy snatched the ironed, blue spotted T-shirt, from her dad. Then she rushed out of the kitchen, slamming shut the door behind her. It was a moment later, again the door swung on it hinges, this time opening, and the girl stood there. In one hand she held the stained T-shirt, and the ironed one she was wearing. 
'Satisfied?' she asked her dad, as she handed over the T-shirt.
Ronald nodded his head. Cathy was about to turn and head for the front door.
'Before you go rushing off.' He held her firmly by the arm. 'Listen, whatever you do, try not to get dirty. Stay out of trouble. And don’t forget. Set a good example, remember, you're my daughter. Make me proud.' Ronald handed her shoulder bag.
Cathy ran into the passage, by this time, Mr Howson was already at the front door. She attempted to reach for the handle, but he grabbed it and pulled. Behind Mr Howson, Cathy came to a sudden halt. She was shocked to see Deborah standing in the doorway. The librarian gave the girl a none to pleasant stare. Her left foot tapped on the doormat, her arms were folded, tight across her chest. 
Again, Cathy was taken back by the presence she upheld; the girl stammered. 'D, D, Deborah.' All she thought about was their brief encounter last night. The girl wondered if she was still angry at her?
'Deborah, it can’t be.' Mr Howson sounded surprised as he squinted. 'I never forget a face. If I’m correct, I saw you at the Library of Knowledge, that was back some fifty years ago.'
'Your memory serves you well.' 
'Time's been good to you. It's strange, you haven’t aged a day.' 
'So, it seems.' Deborah did not sound or appear to be the least bit amused by the remark. 'Lateness,' she hissed, and her beady eyes, glared down at the girl.
'Hi,' said Ronald, he stepped forwards, offering a hand. 'I’m Ronald, the Lady must’ve mentioned, Cathy's my daughter.’
'Mr Tyson, I'm all too aware who your daughter is,' said Deborah, flippantly. 'If I'm not mistaken, when you and she visited the Quick Pick Libraries, you were snooping around my tent.'  
Ronald was impressed, he wondered how she knew this? 'Cathy,' he said. 'I forgot to tell you. A while earlier, I received a phone call from Lady Rickett, she informed me she was busy, and Deborah would be picking you up.' His hand was still poised for the librarian to shake.  
Deborah ignored his polite gesture, her arms remained folded, tight across her chest.  'Mr Tyson, it so happens I've to remind you of the time. Lady Rickett’s request is that Cathy's at her office for nine o’clock, am. You’ve kept me waiting ten minutes, which means, she'll be late. Lateness, Mr Tyson, it won't do. In future, remember your daughter must be ready to leave on time. Dot, dot. I do hope this, lateness, won't be repeated anytime soon.'
'Of course not.' Ronald was apologetic. 'Cathy and I had a minor issue to resolve, but it’s all sorted.'
'Ahhh.' Deborah sighed loudly, squinting at the girl’s spotty T-shirt. She slid on the glitter studded sunglasses, that until now, crowned the top of her white hair. 'Mr Tyson, that remains to be seen.' She stepped aside, all the while gazing intensely at the girl. 'Cathy,' she said, stiffly, with a wave of a hand.   	

**

Sadie glanced up from the stack of envelopes on the right of her desk. 'Cathy, good morning, are you rested and ready for your lessons?'
'Yes,' beamed the girl. 'Thanks Sadie, I am.'
 'Now that's what I like to hear... Mr Howson.' The sectary gave the old man a smile. She added another envelope to the in-tray on her right. 'Cathy, if you’re wondering, this is just some of the Lady’s fan mail.'
'I heard she champions good causes, children with debilitating illnesses, and alike.'
'You've been informed well. Daily she gets letters from fans across the world. The Lady's very giving, Cathy, today you're in for a treat. She’s waiting for you.' The secretary spoke into her desktop phone. 'Lady Rickett, Deborah has arrived, they're here,' she said, with an air of excitement in her voice. 
'Good,' replied the voice over the loud speaker. 'Show them through to my office.'
Sadie led Cathy, Deborah and Mr Howson, into Lady Rickett’s big office. Then she hurried off to get everyone drinks. 
'Is there something I should know?' Cathy asked Lady Rickett, as she sat in her usual chair, glancing at the strange looking, white haired people, seated at the long table, all around her.
Suddenly the office door opened and in rushed a young man. His hair was long and white, his silky, green robe, trailed behind him across the floor. He also held a thin, twisted, wood staff, with a yellow star crowning its top. Cathy noticed, oddly, it looked like the same staff that belonged to Keith, the wizened librarian. 
'Ah, good to see you on such short notice, I’m glad you could find time out to join us.' Lady Rickett waved him to the remaining empty chair. 'Soon Sadie will be here with refreshments. Keith, once you’re seated, I'll begin.'
Keith, it isn't possible. That can’t be him, he’s an old librarian, not a youthful boy. Perhaps he's Keith junior, his son, thought Cathy, as she grappled with reality, then she knew where she was, in the domain of the Quick Pick Libraries, where the impossible was possible.
'Keith,' said the older boy sat next to him. 'As you requested, I've been training,’ he told him. 
Cathy gulped nervously, a bead of sweat wet her brow, she recognized the older boy. I’ve seen him before, in the Second-hand Library, he came up from the liquid pool to tease me, she thought.
'Excellent,' said Keith, to his pupil. 'After we have finished here, I've another task for you my young apprentice.'   
Cathy took stock of what she heard, coupling it with what she saw. The younger boy teaching the older one. It dawned on her who this younger of the boys was. Last time I saw the owner of the rickety, tattered tent, the Second-hand Library, he was a wizened man. Now Keith's transformed, he doesn’t have a single line on his face.
'You’re staring,' Mr Howson hissed into the girl's ear. 'Don’t tell me, let me guess, you've met that young man someplace else.' 
'I’m not entirely sure how it can be him.' Cathy was puzzled. 'If we have met, since then he’s changed a lot. Just the other day he was older than you are… Oh, Mr Howson, I'm sorry.'
'It's alright. Though it was some time ago, I remember when I was that lads age,' said Mr Howson, with a far-off gaze on his face. 'There’s no offence taken.'
'Cathy Tyson.' Lady Rickett's hand stroked her lap, and Drew, the invisible cat, began to purr loudly. 'Seated around you are my staff, the three teachers, and their three young students. I believe you’ve already had the pleasure of meting one of them. Tomas, and might I add, he’s rather all knowing, like Deborah, his teacher is... Then there’s Keith. The proud librarian of the Second-hand Library.' She gave a subtle nod of her head, in the direction of the young man who had just a moment ago arrived. 
I was right, thought Cathy. He's the wizened librarian. When we get time alone, I'll ask him how he does it.  
'Someone I don’t believe you’ve met is Keith’s rather model student, Zach,' said Lady Rickett, then she swiftly added. 'He really has a most amazing talent, to be everywhere at once, he doesn’t miss a thing.'
The grumpy looking boy was older than Cathy, he was seventeen years of age. Zach frowned at the her. His actions went unnoticed by Lady Rickett, as swiftly she continued. Cathy's attention was suddenly drawn away from the boy she found herself wary of. With an assertive proudness, Lady Rickett introduced the chubby dwarf, who sat on a pile of stacked cushions, enabling him to reach the tabletop, and the young girl sat next to him. At the age of ten, she was much younger than Cathy, yet, she was slightly taller than the average girl of her age. She was also thin and had white hair, and her skin was dark brown. She wore a long-sleeved shirt, that was untucked, and lose fitting trousers, rolled up above her ankles. Until now, Cathy had not seen her at the Quick Pick Libraries, and she found herself wondering why?  
'Cathy Tyson, this is Nigel, Sophie's teacher,' said Lady Rickett.
'Hi Nigel,' said Cathy, to the Dwarf. She then gave the girl seated at his side a sweet smile. 'Hi Sophie, it's nice to see you both.'
'Good to see you too,' said Sophie, smiling back.
Zach screwed up his face. 'Hi, good to see you too,' he mimicked. 'Let’s just get on with it.'  
Lady Rickett shot the boy a withering, warning glair, then leaned forwards, resting her elbows on the tabletop. Drew, the black and white cat became visible, as he curled up by her lace, mauve sleeve. She regarded Cathy with a subtle nod of her head.  'Nigel and Sophie, they’re the most talented changelings you’re ever likely to meet,' she proudly told her. 'You may be wondering why I’ve gathered everyone?' 
'The thought had crossed my mind.' Cathy gulped, trying not to appear too nervous. 'Until now, I've only had the pleasure of meeting Tomas, I was under the impression, just we were gifted and young. I was wrong to think this, I had no idea there is Sophie and Zach, they've got a star too.'   
'You're not alone, far from it, hopefully with this knowledge you'll take solace.' Lady Rickett stroked Drew behind the ear. 'As the Star has chosen you, to heal it, and save all who are touched by the forces of Astra... Tomas, Sophie, Zach, they each share the gift of those teachers who've saved them, and adopted them into the Quick Pick Libraries. From all corners of the world they were discovered. Although Tomas' parents are from China, he was born in London, Deborah found him.'
'Beneath Tower Bridge,' hissed Cathy, as she remembered Tomas telling her.
'Of course,' said Deborah, as she raised a challenging eyebrow at the girl. 
'Sophie was born in Germany,' said Lady Rickett. 'Nigel found her there. As for Zach, he was born in America, the place Keith found him. However young they are, their mission's quite simple. They each have a star and are destined one day to replace their teachers. Through them the Quick Pick Libraries will live on.'
'Amazing,' hissed Cathy, aware everyone's eyes were now fixed on her, and she saw them in a different light, and profound respect. 
When Sadie arrived, carrying a tray, and on it was a jug of freshly squeezed apple juice, with cubes of ice bobbing on top, and eight glasses. The secretary poured drinks for everyone. But not Deborah. The librarian moaned she had been kept waiting far too long than expected, resulting in, she was no longer thirsty. Cathy thought she was being rude, the girl imagined everyone else did too, but they were clearly accustomed to her, vibrant, difficult manner. 
It was as everyone enjoyed their drinks, the conversation flowed, and Cathy was made to feel welcome. Even Deborah, in a cold, distant sort of way, made some effort, but not Zach. The boy who was older than Cathy was, was in a bad mood. He often avoided looking in her direction. In the hour they were together, he said not a word to her…After, when everyone finished their drinks, Cathy and Lady Rickett were left alone in the office. And with Mr Howson asleep in the big chair in the corner, under Lady Rickett's watchful gaze, for Cathy it was time to continue studying Astra and the Star.

***

It was mid-afternoon, not long after Ronald phoned from work, asking Cathy how things were going, that the first light rain fell against the window, lightning flashed and shadows flickered on the office walls. Soon after that there was a loud rumble of thunder. Cathy switched on the desktop lamplight. This did not settle her rattling nerves. Afraid, she began shaking from head to toe. It was the storm outside that did this, she never did like thunder or lightning. 
'What’s that?' asked Mr Howson, as he stirred and woke with a jump. His hands gripped the arms of the big chair in the corner of the office. 'I heard a loud banging.'
'It’s thunder,' said Cathy. 
'It sounds close.' Lady Rickett, sat facing the girl across her desk.  
'If there's one thing I dislike, its storms,' confessed Cathy, sheepishly. 
'Well that's a relief. Jussy a moment ago, there I was thinking the roof was falling in around our heads.' Mr Howson gave the Star a weary glance. From the first time he saw it glowing, he was unsure of what it was.  'Cathy Tyson, still playing with that thing. I only hope you know what you’re doing? Lady Rickett, she's a girl, impressionable, easily led.
'I'm not here to take advantage of her,' she said, subtly.
'But if you were, the Star's powerful, you nor the other librarians can control it.'
'Your concerns noted, and I assure you, under my watch, Cathy won't come to harm, you've my word on this.'
The corner of Mr Howson's lips turned up, he pondered on the librarians promise.    
'Cathy.' Lady Rickett arose from her seat. 'I'm intrigued, if it helps in anyway.' She came around her desk and knelt by the girl's chair, beaming into her face. 'Tell me, what is it about storms, why do they scare you?' 
Cathy gave a hesitant reply. 'I must’ve been, six years old.' She squinted as past memories surfaced in her mind. 'I was at the park, with my mum. It was a sunny day. As I swung on a swing, strangely the weather changed, it became overcast. Rain began falling, lightning flashed, and there was a boom of thunder.' the girl paused, trembling, she no longer wanted to remember back to that day.
'Cathy, it's alright, you're safe here.' Lady Rickett became concerned. 'What happened next?' she asked.
'Mum ran to me. All I knew was I wasn’t on the swing anymore, but on my back, laying on the grass. I was in a lot of pain,' explained Cathy.
'You were struck by lightning,' said Mr Howson. 'After that you passed out. Your mum told me what happened. I drove you both to Langley Hospital in my car. The doctor treating you said you're lucky to be alive.' 
'Since then, I’ve never liked storms,' confessed Cathy.
'Poor child.' The librarian placed a comforting hand on her arm. 'I assure you, you're safe, Mr Howson and I are here with you, there’s nothing to fear. . And you’re not the only one who doesn't like storms. I'll let you in on a little secret, neither do I...'
'Really,' hissed Cathy. 
'There are many who don't, it's all that rumbling and lightning, a storm is like a petulant child.' Lady Rickett crossed the office and peered out of the window.  'Humidity’s in the air. It’s a hot summer’s afternoon, the clouds are becoming thicker. The perfect recipe for a storm. Cathy don’t let this be a distraction. It will soon pass. Besides, at the Quick Pick Libraries, nothing can harm you.'
'I know this,' said Cathy, yet she had doubts that lingered in her mind. 
'It’s time to continue with your studies.' Slowly Lady Rickett turned from the window and paced the floor, standing by her desk.
Cathy looked up at her and gave a hesitant pause.
'Listen to her, she’s right,' said Mr Howson. 'If anything, inside, this is the safest place to be.'
'Mr Howson, would you like another cup of tea?' Offered Lady Rickett, with a hand reaching for the teapot on the desktop.
'Not yet, I haven’t finished my last cuppa. Anymore tea and I’ll be flapping around like a fish out of water.' He took a sip from his cup and pulled an awful face. 'Oh my, did I just ask for another cuppa? This one's a bit cold.'
'And it seems our teapot needs refilling,' said Lady Rickett, lifting the lid and peering inside. She spoke into the desktop phone. 'Sadie, for Mr Howson, I need another pot of tea please.' 
'Not another one!' replied the secretary’s shrill voice. 'This isn’t a cafe. Tell Mr Howson if he keeps guzzling our tea, I’ll be charging him.'
Lady Rickett chuckled, then turned her attention to Cathy and the Star.  
Cathy held the Star in the centre of her palm. 'Now I'm more focused it's easier, I can see Astra's pathways. Mauve air, red focus, green earth, yellow current, black binding.' She smiled.
Keen as ever to hear more, Lady Rickett knelt at the girl’s side. 'Interesting.' She seemed overjoyed by the girl’s discovery. 'You mentioned Astra, it's clearer than before.' 
'Yes, it’s beautiful.'
'You've seen it.'
'This is all part of my training; you must've seen it too.'
'Yes, and, no.'
'You're not making sense.' 
'In the moment we are blessed with a star, once we sense and construct our bond, we no longer see it.' 
'Then why do I see Astra?' Again, Cathy focused, she took her time, all the while explaining to Lady Rickett what she envisioned. 'There's a tunnel of many misty colours, with a white light at its far end.  Inside this there’s a musical voice. But I've no idea what it’s saying.'
'Amazing, if I'm not mistaken, you’ve just described the Index.'
'The Index, what's that?' 
'The Star has a code, they all do, it’s the components from which they’re born, long ago, out in space.'
'Then the stars, they aren’t from Earth, I thought they were,' said Cathy. 
'So, did I,' said Mr Howson.
'No, they're alien to this world, hence their unearthly powers. They fell to Earth, I found the first, but the Star, by far it’s the greatest, oldest of them all. I believe it dates back to the beginnings of time itself, once it was a harbourer of life.'
'Are we formed from the stuff of the Star?' asked Cathy.
A puzzled expression crossed Lady Rickett's face. 'I doubt it, we came later, it was before us, still. I believe the Star is evolving, into what, that remains to be seen.'
'You said Cathy wasn't in danger,' said Mr Howson.
'I've already gave you my word, she's safe,' said Lady Rickett.
'Really, you don't sound too sure about that... If I tell this to Mr Tyson, he won't have Cathy back at the Quick Pick Libraries,' warned the old man. 
'Don't do that, you'll spoil everything,' said Cathy. 'Mr Howson, please, I have to do this.'
'The Star, you don't know where it came from, what it is. By her own admittance, not even the Lady knows.' He gave a glum face. 'You want this, I know. It's alright, I'm saying nothing, but if you want to quit at any time, don't follow this through to the end.'
'Mr Howson, thank you,' said Cathy, she looked up at Lady Rickett. 'I'm progressing.'  
'You shouldn't be this far ahead in training, not yet, it's too soon.' Lady Rickett gave a sigh. 'I can only remember once, my star spoke in voice as yours has, it happened long-ago, in a dream. That’s when the Quick Pick Libraries came to be, and I began my endless travel, searching for you.' 
Cathy stared at the Star in the palm of her hand. As her lesson continued, again Lady Rickett proved to be a excellent guide. She warned the girl about each obstacle, the barriers, and how best to rise above them. Failure was not an option. Cathy was at all times to keep focused. That was the key to bridging the void between Astra and herself. Only then could the girl master control over the Star.     
It was not long until there was another rumble of thunder. This time it was much closer, and the ground trembled, and the desktop light flickered, then went out. At the same time, Drew, the black and white cat, gave a defensive hiss. His back arched. His fur sprang out, as he leapt, trembling into the waiting embrace of Lady Rickett’s arms.
'Cathy Tyson, what have you done?' she asked, crossing to the coat stand, taking her cone shape hat from it. The white star at its tip sparked, and light poured from its rim. 'Tell me. I need to know what was the last thing on your mind.' 
'I've done nothing. If you think I'm responsible for the storm, it isn't my doing, you've got to believe me,' said the girl.
'I know Cathy, she wouldn’t lie to you,' said Mr Howson in her defence.
Lady Rickett did not challenge the old man, instead, she gave a slow nod of her head. 'If she has nothing to do with the storm, this leaves a question.'
Cathy was about to venture a guess, she knew who might be responsible for the storm, then chose to remain silent. 
As Drew hissed and spat, bearing his fangs, Lady Rickett silenced him. 'Shhh,' she whispered, dousing the light from her hat.    
Lightning flashed through the window. A shadow flickered across the wall. Twisting in her chair, Cathy glanced back, just in time to see the shadow of someone loitering outside. As they hid from sight, she was sure they saw her too.
The girl pointed a finger at the window. 'Someone's watching us. I saw them.'
'No one's out there,' said Mr Howson. 'That Star’s making your mind fuzzy, mind you don’t go crazy like Lady Rickett's cat.'
'Drew doesn’t normally act like this, for some reason he's afraid,' said Lady Rickett. The lamplight flickered on. She placed her hat atop of her head. 'As for Cathy, it’s possible, what she saw was a trick of the light.' 
'I’m not seeing things,' she said. 'I wasn't imagining things, there was someone outside. I saw their shadow at the window… Lady Rickett, you know who it is, don’t you, was it him?'
'Him? I've no idea what you're talking about.'
'Gareth.' Cathy pulled puzzled face. 'He's here. You said he was missing.'
'Indeed, that's why it couldn’t be him. He's been gone a long time. You already know this,' said Lady Rickett. 
'That's what you told Cathy, but maybe Gareth's come back,' said Mr Howson.
'Impossible,' said Lady Rickett, in denial.  
'Then who was it I saw at the window?' asked Cathy, aware there was something she was not being told. 'Tell me the truth. What’s going on, I don’t want to hear anymore lies, I'm aware there's more to the Star than you're telling me.'
'It wasn’t Gareth you saw, but there's another, I wouldn’t rule them out, they're in his league. A devoted follower. They're just as dangerous too.' For the first time a flicker of fear appeared on Lady Rickett's face. 'The one I speak of, he's Gareth’s spy, Pierce.'
'That explains everything, he was out there, and heard everything,' concluded Cathy. 
'And he's dangerous you say,' said Mr Howson, he was none too pleased.
'Pierce's sure to report back to Gareth.' Lady Rickett stroked Drew as the cat began to meow, as to request her undivided attention. 'It’s inevitable, Gareth will come searching for the Star, he can't ever claim it.' 
'Lady Rickett, the Star’s worth more trouble than I know,' said Cathy. 'You lied to me when you said Gareth’s missing.'  
'I didn’t want to put unnecessary doubts in your mind. It was vital you believe in the Star, in its purity, if its power fades from the world, it's lost forever.'
Cathy joined Lady Rickett, and Mr Howson at the office window, the storm had cleared, the sun was bright in the noonday sky. There was a large rainbow overhead. The perfect view was spoilt by the troubled expression, the girl noticed, etched across Lady Rickett's face. 
The librarian hugged the cat tight. In silent contemplation, she took comfort from Drew, his very presence helped banish her doubts. The cat shivered in Lady Rickett's arms. There were things the owner of the Quick Pick Libraries, kept from Cathy too long, she saw events escalating, and thought to win back control.  
'Do cheer up you two. The long faces, all doom and gloom, it can’t be that bad,' said Mr Howson, his mood was chirpy. 'The storm’s passed, the sun's come out, we can enjoy the rest of the afternoon.'
'You're right,' said Lady Rickett. She gave the old man a fading smile. 'I'm dwelling on nothing worth worrying about.' 
'And Cathy, its time to forget about this phantom man, real or not. Pierce's gone,' said Mr Howson. 'And if he knows what’s good for him, he won’t dare come back. If he does, I'll give him an uppercut, so hard under the chin, he won’t forget... Lady Rickett, I haven’t told you, in the days of my teens, I was youth boxing champ. Not that I don't oppose violence of any sort. But boys will be boys, back then, there wasn't anything better to do in my spare time.' Mr Howson’s attempt to assure Cathy and Lady Rickett, had no effect, they were still moody. 
The thought of Pierce scared Cathy, as for Gareth, she knew nothing whatsoever about him, only what Lady Rickett told her. And now Cathy was all too aware she kept secrets. Lady Rickett also called Gareth dangerous.     
'Lady Rickett,' said Cathy. 'Are you alright?'
Lady Rickett was in a daze. Her attention was drawn to the cat, putting her lips to his pointed ear, she hissed. Drew momentarily stopped purring. He gave a meow, in reply, she nodded her head. 
'Pierce, I've no idea how, unseen, he entered the grounds of the Quick Pick Libraries, then vanished so swiftly,' said Lady Rickett, softly to her cat.
Drew began to purring again. 
'Pierce,' said Mr Howson to Lady Rickett. 'There you go again. You speak of him with hesitation, dread, it's on your face. If there’s something Cathy should know it's best you tell her. Does this Pierce fellow scare you; has she reason to fear him?'
'He's the worst of his kind. Yet, we've luck on our side. I've no doubt he’s returning to his master…' Lady Rickett looked at Cathy. There was regret etched across her face, she thought there was more time, that she could shield the girl from the secret. 'I should’ve known, once you linked with Astra, Gareth would be drawn to the Star, and eventually you. Until now he has been asleep for a very long time.'
Cathy gulped. 'Now he's woken,' she guessed.  
'My enemy has never come close to finding the Star.'
'How can I believe anything you're saying? I’ll tell you what I think. You've stolen the Star from Gareth. It was never yours; it doesn’t belong to me either. The games over, Lady Rickett, you have to do what’s right,’ said Cathy. 
‘I can’t,’ she said. 
‘Give Gareth back the Star.' 
‘It’s not that simple.’
‘Just do it.’
'If only I could, but I won’t. No matter what you think, it's wrong, there's a reason why. In time you'll learn everything you need to know.’
‘All along, I knew there was something more behind this,’ said Mr Howson, with mounting concern. ‘I'll ask you again, is Cathy in danger? After using her like a toy, the girl's a right to know what's really going on!’ He raised his voice in anger.   
Lady Rickett remained calm and composed. She would divulge what she could and nothing more. ‘For Cathy’s safety, the Star must remain with her, and Gareth, he can't be allowed to claim it for himself. For the meantime I ask one thing. Cathy, as you believe in the Star, therefore, trust me.’
‘Lady Rickett, I believe in you,’ said the girl, hesitantly. She wondered why the Star had to be kept from Gareth, its rightful owner?
‘No, no, no.’ With a frown Mr Howson shook his head at Cathy. ‘You can't see what the Lady's doing, she isn't interested in anything but herself, from day one she’s been using you.’
‘I don't believe it, Mr Howson, Lady Rickett's our friend,’ said Cathy in her defence. ‘Please, let her finish.’ 
At Cathy's request, Mr Howson backed down.
‘Say nothing of this afternoon to anyone,’ instructed Lady Rickett. There was a distant look on her face, her hand rested on Drew's head, flattening the black and white cat's ears. ‘Cathy, not even your dad can know. And, Mr Howson, I also urge you to stay silent too. I promise, this soon will be over.' Lady Rickett turned away from her guests. 'That’s all for today,' she hissed. 'For now, I must be alone to think.'
Cathy knew then, Lady Rickett was troubled, and even just as afraid as Drew, her black and white cat. And there was still a lingering, unanswered question. 
Who was Gareth?   
Chapter 20
Tea for Three


*
Cathy and Mr Howson knew something was wrong, and Lady Rickett did not reveal everything to them. Despite her reassurances, after the unfolding events in her office, they were both left feeling on edge. As they walked across Clapham Common on the way back to The Chase, the street they lived on, Mr Howson raised his mobile phone to an ear. He spoke to Mrs Howson, telling her he was on the way, heading home.
'Put the kettle on,' he said. 'Make that tea for three, we've a guest. No not from the Quick Pick Libraries... Ah, that you'll soon find out.' He gave the girl at his side a wink, then slipped the mobile phone back into his shirt pocket. 
'Mrs Howson has no idea I'm coming,' guessed Cathy.
'Kate soon will,' said Mr Howson.
When Cathy arrived at her neighbour’s house, Mrs Howson stood, leaning on her walking stick, in the doorway. Since she had the stroke, her leg muscles down that right-side, were weaker than the right. She also had limited movement in her right hand. 
'Cathy Tyson.' She smiled, clearly pleased to see the girl. 'I might've guessed it was you, you're in time, the kettles just boiled.'
'Good,' said Mr Howson to his wife. He gave her a peck on the cheek. 'If you don't mind, I'll pour.'
Cathy followed them into the passageway, she shut the front door behind. Mrs Howson led the way. She hobbled ahead of them, into the kitchen, where she stood at the round table. Mr Howson brought over the tea cups. 
'And don't forget the biscuits, I've backed them fresh,' said Mrs Howson.
'Silly me.' Mr Howson went to the worktop. 'Plain or chocolate?' he asked, directing the question at the girl.
'Chocolate,' said Cathy.
Across the dining table, through her wide rimmed glasses, Mrs Howson watched the girl. 'Your face.' She put aside her walking stick. Then drawing her silken shawl, tight around her bent shoulders, she sat on a chair. 
Cathy marvelled at her, though she looked much younger, Mrs Howson was fifty-nine, five years younger than Mr Howson, her husband. Her appearance was like that of someone living in the late sixties, flower power era. She was a hippy. Mrs Howson always wore bright, vibrant patterned, colourful clothes. Her hair was long and silver.
Cathy felt cornered, when asked about the bruise on her face, she had told her dad what he wanted to hear, she had shrugged off Mr Howson, but Mrs Howson. Cathy knew she would not be so easy to convince. 'I had a minor accident, really, it's nothing to worry about,' said the girl.
'Don't tell me you just happened to walk into a door,' said Mrs Howson.
'No,' said Cathy.
'Kate, leave her be,' said Mr Howson, returning to the table, placing a saucer of fresh, home baked cookies at its centre. He then brought over the teapot. 'She hasn't come for a counselling session.'
Before the stroke, Mrs Howson was a counsellor, often she worked with social services, sometimes privately. When Cathy's mum passed away with cancer, from a low ebb, Mrs Howson built her up. The counsellor helped the girl come to terms with her loss. She helped Cathy understand her mum was not gone. It took time for the girl to fully understand, but when her hurting began to ease, that was when she finally understood. Cathy knew her mum was in memory, forever, always with her.
Mr Howson and Mrs Howson met through work, he was a maths teacher, they were both assigned to Lambeth borough. Since their first meeting they did not look back. The couple had no children, their love for each other was all that mattered, and their memories, together they stood the test of time.
Mr Howson poured tea for his wife. Mrs Howson lifted her cup from the saucer, with this simple task, her hand began trembling. It hurt, she knew this was her once good side, that which more often than not, she often used, and now it was reduced to shakes and trembles.
'Just right,' she said, pursing her thin lips, after taking a sip. 'Now days my husband makes better tea than I ever did,' she told the girl. 
'Never,' Mr Howson butted in. 
Cathy dunked a chocolate cookie into her tea, all the while she watched the infirm, Mrs Howson.  As she lowered the cup to the saucer, again it shook, then altogether slipped from her grasp. Tea spread in a patch across the tablecloth. At the same time, Cathy and Mr Howson jumped up to assist her.
'Mrs Howson,' said Cathy, as she quickly grabbed a cloth from the sideboard and rushed back to the table. She began dabbing away at the patch. 'It's just spilt tea,' she said. 'Really, it's nothing.'
Mr Howson poured a fresh cup of tea for his wife. 'Here love,' he said, placing it in front of her.
Cathy put aside the cloth, then lifted the cup to Mrs Howson's lips. It was the least the girl could do to help her kind neighbour. 'Drink,' she hissed. 
If the kind gesture came from her husband, Mrs Howson would have thought it somewhat degrading, but she had known Cathy for a long time, since she was a baby. The girls gesture only made the old woman warm to her. A faint smile spread across her face. Then Mrs Howson took a sip from the cup.
Cathy pulled her chair closer, to sit beside her, she had no intentions of leaving Mrs Howson's side, until sure she was ready. Cathy soon came to consider her act of goodwill was a mistake. As Mrs Howson's eyes studied her face more closely than ever, she reached out, holding the girl's chin in her frail hand, then slowly turned her head aside.
'Who did this to you?' she asked, looking at the bruise on the side of her face.
'Really.' Cathy gave an absentminded shrug of her shoulders. 'I already told you, there's nothing to concern yourself about, it’s nothing.'
'No, it’s not nothing, you know it..' By the chin, slowly Mrs Howson turned the girl's face to her. 'That isn't nothing... I'd say it's deliberate.'
'Kate,' hissed Mr Howson. 'Our guest's come to see you. We don't want to go upsetting her now, do we?'
'Mr Howson, it's alright,' said Cathy, offering him a fading smile. 
She had not told anyone, not even her dad what really happened. But Mrs Howson was a counsellor. Before she had the stroke and gave up work, she was good at her job. She had dealt with all manner of adolescent problems, including issues of bullying. There was not much Cathy could hide from Mrs Howson, she knew too much about the girl’s past. 
'It's Tessa Marsh, I might’ve guessed,' she said.
Cathy slowly nodded her head. A sudden sense of shame came over her. Not that she feared Tessa, Cathy would not stoop that low. But she kept her secret from everyone who cared. Only Mr Moore, the corner shop owner, knew what happened. Dad, Kyle, even Lady Rickett asked Cathy how she came to have the bruise on her face. And she lied to them all. 
'Don't be embarrassed,' said Mrs Howson. 'You haven't done anything wrong. Cathy Tyson, bullies like Tessa Marsh, they act that way because they can't win. She knows you're better than her, and that bunch of losers she's hanging around with.'
'I'm not afraid of her,' Cathy told Mrs Howson.
'That's good, and neither should you be.' She ran her trembling fingers through the girl’s hair. 
'I just wish I was stronger,' confessed Cathy.
'Hmmm.' Mr Howson leaned forward, resting his elbows on the tabletop. 'Back in the day I was boxing champ number one.' He boasted, quickly jabbing a fist in the air. 'I bet you stood your ground against them.'
'I wouldn't back down.'
Hearing this, Mr Howson smiled at the girl. 'Be true to yourself, that's all you have to be.'
Again, Cathy put the cup to Mrs Howson's lips and she drank. It did not matter to the girl, by the time the old woman finished drinking, her tea would be cold.  
Cathy stayed at the Howson's house, helping Mr Howson with the gardening. He mowed the lawn, she racked the grass trimmings into a pile, then scooped it all into a big blue container. In the summer heat it would soon break down, in a week or two it would be compost, ready to use on the flourishing flower beds.  Mr Howson was a keen gardener. Nothing ever went to waste, not even the clippings, cut from the hedges and rose bushes. 
When Cathy and Mr Howson finished in the garden, leaning on her walking stick, Mrs Howson hobbled out onto the patio. Through the open door behind her, the scent of roast dinner filled the air. Mrs Howson informed Cathy she had phoned her dad, informing him where she was. The neighbour had extended an invite to dinner to him too. Hearing this surprised the girl. Cathy had been occupied in the garden, too busy to even notice the time. She was enjoying herself and did not expect to stay as long as she had. Straight from work, Ronald came to the Howson's house, and at seven-thirty they all sat down at the kitchen table for dinner.          
           
Chapter 21
Another Visitor


*
It was night, in her bedroom, Cathy lay a moment on the bed sheets, too hot to venture beneath them. Even with the window open and the curtains drawn wide, there was no air. For Cathy sleep would not come. She sat up in frustration, then she thought of the Star, and leaning over, plucked the silver box from beneath her pillow. Opening the lid, between a finger and thumb, she removed the Star.
'I don't know what you're capable of, or what we can do for them,' whispered Cathy. 'At the Quick Pick Libraries, Lady Rickett and her friends are depending on us to save them.'
'And you will,' said a voice.
The voice was familiar, spoken in German, there was only one person the girl knew had an accent like this. 
'Sophie.' Cathy glanced up, seeing the girl standing at the foot of her bed. Until now she had not realized she was there. 'How did you get in?' she asked, baffled by the sudden discovery.
'Noticing the lamplight was on, I guessed you were awake, so I invited myself up. The windows open, on wings, I flew in, remember, I'm a Changeling,' said Sophie, matter-of-factly. 
'Yes, you are.' Cathy smiled sweetly at the younger girl.
'I hope I haven’t disturbed you.'
'Not at all, Sophie, we haven't had time to talk, you're welcome. Besides, I could do with the company.'
'Thanks. Though really, I shouldn’t be here at all. If you don't mention me visiting you to anyone, I'll be most grateful.'
'It’s our secret,' promised Cathy, a little hesitant. She could not help but remember Tomas’s unannounced visit, that ended up a disaster when the librarian arrived outside her window. She was sure Deborah still held it against her. 'I've not been sleeping, I'm glad you're here.' She lifted the Star to her face and peered closely at it. 'I've began to unlock Astra's secrets, yet the Star, there's something about it.'
'The reason.'
'Yes, it chose me.'
'The Lady might’ve have explained, but somethings can't be rushed. Understanding the Star will get easier with time,' said Sophie.   
'I hope you’re right.' Cathy frowned at the object between her finger and thumb. 'To me the Star remains a little mystery.'
'That's how it was for all of us, it won't be this way forever. When I first received my star, it was alien to me, I felt as you do now,' confessed Sophie 'In time you'll learn. As the Star grows, in power, so will you.'
'Thanks for your words of encouragement.' Cathy peered back at the Star; her guests attempt to reassure her failed. Doubt still lingered in her mind. Although she had discovered Astra's link, the Star still left her pondering more than ever. 'There's something I haven't mentioned. Not even to Lady Rickett...'
'The Star, is it why you can't bring yourself to part with it?' asked Sophie. 
'No, its not that. When I first touched the Star, there was a strange occurrence. I was in the presence of another person, their very being filled me with dread.'   
Hesitantly, Sophie came forwards. 'Can I?' she asked, holding out a hand.
The Changeling wanted to hold the Star, Cathy saw no reason for her not to, although younger than herself, she was sure her guest knew more about the powers of a star than she did. Cathy offered it to Sophie. The Changeling reached out, her fingers making contact with the Star, then she hesitated, slowly withdrawing away from it. Sophie stepped away with an unsure expression on her face. She knew something Cathy did not, and should not, of this, she too was afraid. 
'What's wrong?' asked Cathy.
'The Star, it once belonged to Gareth, you know this.' Sophie's eyes remained wide, unblinking; she was unable to remove them from the glowing object in Cathy's palm. 
'Lady Rickett's told me.' 
'Our teachers, they don't mention him, when they do it's in warnings. I'm sure you aren't the only one that fears him. I think he's a threat to the Quick Pick Libraries, perhaps even all of us.'
'You think.' Cathy gave a puzzled frown.
'Lady Rickett thought finding you would solve our problems,' said Sophie.
Cathy put the Star back into its silver box. 'But I've only made things worse, I know I have.' Slowly she pressed shut the lid. 'Sophie, I've a secret, can I trust you?'
'Of course, you're not going to tell anyone I came to see you, I promise whatever you tell me, it's between us.' 
'Good... Today, in Lady Rickett's office, I saw Gareth's lacky, Pierce. He was spying on me.'
'It makes sense, that's why Lady Rickett and the teachers are suddenly acting all mysterious,' guessed Sophie. 'Whatever happens Gareth can't get the Star.'
'Lady Rickett said this, she warned me he's dangerous.' Cathy shuddered at the thought. 'Tell me the truth. Am I in danger?'
At the question, Sophie became concerned, she shrugged her shoulders. 'I don't know.' She was unsure. 'All I know is, the Lady wouldn't do anything to put you in harms reach.'
'Lady Rickett told me, my tuning with the Star has woken Gareth, she put on a brave face. But there's more, I know it.'
'She doesn’t want you to worry over nothing. Whoever he is, if anyone is, the Lady's capable of handling Gareth. And if she needs backup, she's got the librarians. He won't dare come near you, believe me, he'll regret it if he tries,' said Sophie. 
Cathy acknowledge the Changeling's good intentions but felt only worse. She was aware, behind the Quick Pick Libraries was a secret, something even Lady Rickett feared. Cathy was aware she had woken something truly terrible…     
Chapter 22
Destined


*
Cathy was waiting for Kyle to arrive when her mobile phone rang, it was her dad. 'I'm fine,' she told him, tossing her eyes upwards. Ronald had phoned an hour ago to check on her. 'Kyle will be here soon,' she told him.
'Then you're not going to the Quick Pick Libraries today?' Ronald sighed. 'What have you done, set fire to Lady Rickett's office, singed Drew's tail?' he chuckled.
'None of that, it's just Lady Rickett's got stuff on her plate. She said she'd let me know when I'm due in. It might not be for another hour or two, or even tomorrow,' lied Cathy. After the events of yesterday, she had no idea when she would be contacted. 
'With all this free time, what have you been up to?' asked Ronald.
'Nothing much dad,' replied Cathy. She remembered Lady Rickett telling her and Mr Howson not to mention Gareth to anyone. She had already told Sophie, but the Changeling was young, and she trusted her. Cathy would not break her promise to Lady Rickett gain. She knew she had to keep the secret from her dad. 'I told you Kyle's coming around, and we'll have a kick around with my new football in the back garden.'
'That's good,' said Ronald. 'I just don't want you getting into any trouble.'
'Dad...'
'I'm just saying. If you and Kyle get hungry and want something to eat, come up to the salon. I'll give you some money for a takeaway. '
'Thanks. But there's enough food in the fridge, we can make ourselves a toasted sandwich,' said Cathy, she was aware her dad was short of money. 
'Okay, I'll be home around five,' he said. 'Call if you need me.'
'I'll do that dad, love you.'
'Love you too.' 
Slipping her mobile phone in her shorts pocket, Cathy left the lounge, crossed the passage, and entered the kitchen. Running the cold water tap she filled a glass and drank. After, she put the empty glass in the sink and turned around. On the kitchen sideboard, near the microwave, she saw three letters. These letters were her dads, he had a draw in his room for paperwork, he had forgot to put them away. Curiosity got the better of Cathy. She picked up the letters, the first letter had already been opened. It was the gas bill for two hundred and seventy pounds. The second letter was also open, it was more bad news, a final reminder from the bank, on an unpaid mortgage repayment. The girl gulped with newfound dread. Not that she was shocked by the discovery, she knew her dad was losing the house, her mum and he invested so much in. Cathy grew up here. It was sad knowing, soon the day would come when this place, her childhood home, with all its fond memories, would be gone.
When the doorbell rang Cathy was relieved. It was Kyle, he was an hour late, this came as no surprise to the girl, when it came to punctuality, he was often bad. Still, Cathy was relieved to have his company. He was her best friend, a larger than life character, a distraction from the mounting problems in her life. They had a kick around with Cathy's football in the back garden. And it was not long before she was under interrogation, Kyle wanted to know where she had been for the past two days.
'On holiday,' she joked. It was hard for her, she dared not mention anything about the Star. And she could hardly mention returning to the Quick Pick Libraries, and meeting the gifted people there. 'Two days of quality time with dad.' She lied again for the second time today.
Kyle pulled a face; he was not easily fooled. 'I passed Frizz yesterday. It was six-thirty, your dad was at work, giving some lady customers hair the chop. It looked awful.' He guessed Cathy was lying.
The girl tried hard not to take offence by her friend’s subtle remark. She thought her dad was good at his job. 'It hasn't occurred to you maybe I've got a new best friend,' she told Kyle. 'We had a kick around with my football, and you weren’t invited.' She ran, kicking the ball.
Kyle was distracted, he hesitated in the goal, running to the right. His foot tapped the ball but not enough to block its path. It struck the goalpost and rolled in. 
With a gleeful yelp, Cathy jumped for joy, pumping a clenched fist in the air. 'Goal!'
Kyle went to retrieve the ball from the back of the net, when Ronald appeared on the patio. He had arrived home from work early. Cathy was not expecting him back for another three hours. She was pleased to see him.  
'Football,' said Ronald, removing his large rimmed sunglasses, he put them down on the patio table.
'Mr Tyson, here,' said Kyle kicking the football to him.
Ronald was swift, lifting a leg he brought the football under control. Flipping it onto his left knee, he bounced it across to his right knee, keeping it bouncing all the while. For a middle-aged man, he was a good football player.  Sometimes Ronald was a show-off too. Kyle was on guard, he expected him to strike at the goal at any moment. Ronald had a change of mind he kicked the football; it flew in his daughter's direction. Cathy swerved to the right, swinging her leg, her foot connecting with the football. It flew off her boot. Kyle dived across the goal, in mid-air, he caught the football. With a loud grunt he landed, his pride still intact.
'Good save,' said Cathy, with her hands on her hips.
'Only the best.' Kyle bounced the football. 'Let’s see if you can do better this time.' He threw it through the air.
'It's my turn, I'll be goalie,' volunteered Ronald, he ran pass his daughter, with both hands, snatching away the football.
It was lucky for Cathy and Kyle, Ronald worst field position was in the goal, he was a better striker. Cathy and Kyle could not help but wonder, was Ronald deliberately letting half the goals in? Not that it really mattered. It was not long before, the earlier tensions between Cathy and Ronald altogether dissipated, and they were laughing, playing what they liked most of all, football.


**

Early the following day, the doorbell rang, and Cathy hurried to answer the front door. Already Mr Howson was in the passage. As the girl leapt down the stairs, he was quicker than her, shuffling to the front door, he opened it wide. Lady Rickett stood on the doorstep. No sooner had she exchanged pleasantries with Mr Howson, she noticed the girl, loitering behind him.
'Cathy Tyson.' A smile spread across Lady Rickett’s face. 'I thought to postpone your study for yet another day. Tell me, is your dad here?'
'No, he isn’t,' said Cathy. She stood at Mr Howson's side. 'He left for work an hour ago. It's just Mr Howson and I. We're going to do a bit of gardening.'
'I see.' Lady Rickett gave a hesitant pause. 'I've brought along Debar, Keith and Nigel. If you aren’t busy, I thought we might have a little discussion. We won't take up too much of your time.'
'Come inside,' said Cathy, wondering what it was they wanted to talk about. 'Mr Howson and I were wondering when we’d see you. This way.' She ushered the guests into the lounge. As they each took a seat, Lady Rickett and Keith sat on the three-seater sofa. Deborah and Nigel sat on the two-seater sofa. Deborah was poised slightly forward with a stiff expression on her face. Nigel's short stumpy legs dangled off the ground.
Cathy offered the single, small chair she got from the kitchen, to Mr Howson, but for now, he preferred to stand, loitering in the doorway. Cathy sat next to Keith, the wizened old man, the owner of the Second-hand Library. She pondered on what had happened to his former, youthful self, the Keith she had encountered in Lady Rickett's office.
'The Star, can we see it?' asked Lady Rickett.
'Of course, I'll go and get it.' The girl jumped up and marched away. Mr Howson tiptoed out of her path as she left the lounge for her bedroom. Cathy was not gone long. On her return she noticed Mr Howson lounging in the single chair. 'The Star. Since you’ve suspended my lessons, I haven’t taken time to practice any further.'
Lady Rickett waved a chiding finger at the girl. 'The gift of the Star shouldn't be left idle. And definitely never ignored. Within you both is the making of greatness, you’ve only to believe in yourself.'
This was what Lady Rickett asked of Cathy when last they met. The founder of the Quick Pick Libraries knew the girl had lingering doubts about her abilities. 
'In future I'll remember this,' said the girl, though it was easier said than done, and she was sure Lady Rickett knew this too. 'The Star.' Cathy took it from the silver box. 
'It's beginning to get brighter,' said Nigel, with keen interest.
'You’re correct.' Lady Rickett ran a hand across her lap. Slowly Drew, with a rumbling purr, became visible. 'Cathy, Astra binds you both, it seems without progressing classes, together your influence’s becoming stronger.'
'It shouldn’t be so,' said Deborah. 'The source comes from somewhere, it’s clear to me it isn't either of them.'
'A progression,' said Nigel.
'Precisely,' agreed Lady Rickett.  
'I've never felt more alive than I do now,' confessed the girl, offering the Star to her. 
Lady Rickett refused to take it. 'It’s enough we've seen what we expected.' She cast a nervous, wary glance, around at the seated librarians.
Keith coughed into his knuckles. His staff rested between his knees. 'I gather, what the Lady means to ask is, Cathy, lately, have you by any chance had any unwanted or uninvited visitors?' he inquired, giving her a suspicious side-glance.
The girl thought back to last night, Sophie visited her. 'No,' she lied.
'Think again,' prompted Nigel, his manner was persistent. His stubby finger stroked the short bristles on his chin. 'Anything, even a bizarre dream that might’ve come to you, or worse, a nightmare.'
'I don't understand,' hissed Cathy. 
'This would suggest you were visited by another, one who’s unknown to you,' added the Dwarf.
‘Another. You librarians are mysterious, all this talk of an unknown one. You'll do nothing but scare the girl,’ said Mr Howson.
Trying to think, Cathy shook her head, at present the answer to their question eluded her. She was sure of only one thing. Apart from Sophie, the young Changeling, no one else had recently visited her.
'She thinks we’re dumb and chooses to play games with us.' A frown creased Deborah's brow.
‘Really, I'm not.’ Cathy shook her head at her. ‘You’re wrong to think that.’
'If Deborah's right, Cathy, you've no extent of the seriousness of the situation. This isn't a game,' said Keith, warily. 'We know the consequences. What will happen if you're discovered.'   
'We've no choice, ahead of time we must prepare the girl,' said Deborah, stiffly,
'You aren't making sense, prepare Cathy for what?' asked Mr Howson, as he became increasingly concerned.
There was a sudden long silence, slowly all heads turned in the direction of Lady Rickett, who stroked Drew, her black and white cat. She seemed content, yet vacant, as though totally removed from the discussion.
'Gareth of course,' said Nigel, matter-of-factly.
A worried expression crossed Cathy’s face. A surge of panic overwhelmed her. 'Lady Rickett, you said I wasn't in danger. Then you inquire whether I've had a visit from a stranger. And he should be Gareth, the dangerous one.' She gulped.
‘Shame on you all.’ Mr Howson frowned at the librarians. ‘That Star’s trouble and you know it. Lady Rickett, you’ve placed me in a position where I’ve no choice, against your wish, I have to report back to Mr Tyson. I must inform him you’ve placed his daughter in mortal danger.' The old man was angry.
Lady Rickett continued to stroke Drew, content in her lap, he purred louder than before. 'It shouldn’t have come to this. But I believe the Star's healing, Cathy's power grows, and so does Gareth's.'
'But I've got the Star, not him,' said Cathy.
'That's just it, once it belonged to him,' said Lady Rickett.
'As I'm connected to the Star, he is too,' hissed the girl, guessing correctly. 
'He was never severed from it, he's been waiting, dormant, until now. And stronger than ever he’ll return to claim what's his,' said Keith, woefully.
'Without the Star he's still incomplete, this way things must remain,' warned Nigel.
'It's our duty to make sure he doesn’t triumph.' Deborah gave the girl a frosty glair. 'Whatever happens with the Star, there's one certainty. He mustn’t claim it for himself.'
'He's stronger than Cathy is, you know it, she’s fifteen, still a girl,' said Mr Howson. 'If Gareth’s as powerful as you say, I doubt any of you are in a position to stop him.'
'Mr Howson, for longer than you think, we've achieved the impossible, through the span of time, the Star and Gareth have been separated,' said Deborah.
'Running from the truth, all you've done is delay what will be.' The old man seemed agitated.
'The first stage has taken place,’ explained Lady Rickett. ‘I’ve place spells of invisibility around the Quick Pick Libraries. To any observer we’re gone, to any who enter the grounds, they pass straight through us.'  
'Leave Cathy out of this. It's better you take back the Star, and run,' said Mr Howson. ‘Lady Rickett, that’s what your kind should do, run.'
'What’s been done, for now it's the least the Lady can do,' said Keith. ‘But, Mr Howson, she won’t run.’
'I've always known there more, there's something you want from me,' said Cathy.
The librarians looked at the girl, so did Mr Howson, but Lady Rickett did not. Her eyes were fixed on Drew, and his gaze was on her.
'The Star, you must destroy it,' said Lady Rickett, subtly.
'Destroy it.' Cathy gave a shocked, faint gasp.
'It's the only way.'
'No.' The girl shook her head at Lady Rickett, the bond between her and the Star was now too great, and what was requested of her was too much. 'I won't do as you ask. I can't. If it’s destroyed, along with you, the librarians and the students will perish too.'
'Cathy, don't forget, that includes you,' added Mr Howson. 'Lady Rickett, is this what you've come to tell the girl, you’re all doomed?'
Lady Rickett, looked forlorn at the old man. 'At this very moment Keith's at work in my office, the next phase’s being prepared. Each of us seated around you have placed spells. The cocoon will be impenetrable, nothing can leak out. The single point of the destruction of the Star, it will be you Cathy. This alone will spare your life.'
'And Tomas, Sophie and Zach, what happens to them?' asked the girl. 
'They’ll be safe, away from the Quick Pick Libraries. The new life they'll embrace,' explained Lady Rickett.
'You mean they won't remember anything,' guessed Cathy.
'She's getting better at this,' said Deborah, coolly, to Lady Rickett. 'Tell the girl the truth.'
Lady Rickett looked back at Cathy, her lips parted, she hesitated. 'It’s the only way,' she said.
'They won't remember you, their teacher, or the Quick Pick Libraries,' said the girl.
'I promise, they won't be left out there, alone in the world, they'll have each other to depend on.'
'That doesn’t make it right, if anything, it's unfair.'   
'Yet the only way.'
'You said that already.' Cathy gave Lady Rickett a pleading look. 
'When the final spells are complete, for the last time I’ll come for you,' said Lady Rickett. 'Within the cocoon, all will be destroyed, including Gareth’s link, his severance with the Star will ultimately wipe him from existence itself.'                 
        
Chapter 23
Untold Truth


*
‘We can't let the librarians do it, there has to be a way to save them, something Lady Rickett isn't aware of. Gareth can be defeated without their sacrificing themselves,' Cathy told Mr Howson.
Lady Rickett and the others had not long left her house. Cathy was in a desperate situation. The end of the Quick Pick Libraries was fast approaching, and with it, those librarians destined to give their very life, so she would fulfil her mission. As she paced up and down the kitchen floor, her distress was evident. 
Mr Howson observed the girl, his head swung left then right. The sandwich he had made, and the glass of water he left for her on the kitchen table, went untouched. 'Listen to me. Blaming yourself won’t solve anything,' he told her. 'You can't change what's been done. Lady Rickett's told you her plans, apart from wait, there's nothing you can do.' 
'Don't forget, the Star's mine,' said Cathy, stiffly.
'Not for much longer, it'll soon be destroyed, by your hands.'
'That's just it, this is my fault, I shouldn't have accepted the Star.' 
'I blame Lady Rickett for everything. She's the one who raised your hopes, built you up, only to shatter the dream. A girl your age shouldn't be put through this. You should never have gone to the Quick Pick Libraries.' 
Cathy understood Mr Howson, still, she did not blame her predicament on the amazing people, those who had recently entered her life. 'I had a choice. I could’ve returned the Star to Lady Rickett, but didn’t, Mr Howson, I couldn't part from it... I chose to study Astra. All along, the waking of the Star was my doing, I’m to blame for all this. I can't wait idle, to hear from the Lady, knowing what's intended of me.' The girl turned swiftly to the old man.
Stifling a cough, he guzzled the last of his water, then put the empty glass on the kitchen table. 'You heard the Lady, there isn’t anything more that can be done for them.'
'I'm not sure about this. She found me; the Star accepted me. I'm the chosen one. If I had nothing to do with the Star none of this would be happening. I have to try something.' Guilt welled inside Cathy.
'Don’t go blaming yourself.' Mr Howson gave the girl a sympathetic face. 'This isn’t your fault. You've never wished bad on anyone. If anything, the Lady, she’s in the wrong for keeping the truth from you.'
'Mr Howson,' said Cathy. 'I can’t do this alone. Will you help?'
'The Quick Pick Libraries, you want to get inside,' he guessed.
Cathy nodded her head. 'I believe the key to Gareth's weakness is documented somewhere in the Quick Pick Libraries. I want to find out, if, how he can be defeated... I venture a guess; I'll find a book on Gareth in the oldest library of them all.'
'Oh.' Mr Howson arose from the chair and raised an inquiring eyebrow at the girl.
'The Second-hand Library,' she said.
'But you’re forgetting, Mike and James, the guards. They’re loyal to their Lady and will report anything suspicious to her. Like why we've arrived, when she’s requested to see you, and not before she summons you for the final time.' Mr Howson was right.
'I've already thought about that,' said Cathy. 'I’ve a plan for both of us.' 
Cathy and Mr Howson left her house, and behind them she locked the front door, then slipped the keys into the pocket of her shorts. The walk up the Chase was not long, just to the end of the road. At Long Road they waited for the traffic lights to change, then they crossed to the other side, and the green of Clapham Common. Along the way Cathy revealed her plan.  
Hiding behind a tree, the girl watched her neighbour cross the clearing. Through the Star she was able to see the invisible, Quick Pick Libraries, and through a shimmering, wavering heat, Mr Howson was able to see it too. He put on a convincing act, falling to the ground, he clutched hold of his chest. 
'Help, help me!' he called out. 
Mike and James heard him and as they discarded their invisibility, appearing suddenly, they ran to assist. At once Cathy held the Star in her raised palm, tapping its power source, she vanished from sight. Withering, Mr Howson lay on the ground, clutching his heart. Mike and James knelt beside him. Unseen, Cathy hurried pass them, weaving through the gap in the entrance gates, she entered the grounds of the Quick Pick Libraries. All around the place was deserted. There were no workers, no visitors, no music, just a long, lingering silence. Cathy went to the side of the bright coloured fence, peering through a gap in the gate. 
Mr Howson got to his feet, shrugging Mike's hand away from his arm. 'I'm perfectly fine, I'm able to stand alone,' he insisted, in an agitated manor. 'Well enough without your help thank you very much.'
Mike stepped back with raised palms displayed. 'Hold on. Mr Howson, I’m just trying to assist. You looked like you needed help. Are you sure you’re alright?'
'I may be getting old, but otherwise, I assure you I'm perfectly fine,' he said.
'But you were in destress and calling for help,' said Mike. 
'And you were grabbing your chest,' added James. 'Like you were having a heart attack.'
'Oh really.' Mr Howson pulled a puzzled face, placing a hand to his chest. 'My heart seems to be just fine. You two are overreacting. I might be old, but while there's life in me, I'm not redundant.'
'I wouldn’t be too sure about that,' said James, sounding doubtful.
'Are you saying I'm past it?' asked Mr Howson.
 'He means are you sure you’re alright?' Mike went to touch Mr Howson's arm. 
The old man shrugged away. 'I couldn't be better. By chance, have either of you seen Cathy Tyson? She should be coming around to mine for afternoon tea. Kate, my wife, she’s expecting her too.'    
'No, Mr Howson,' said Mike and James in union.
'Oh, very well, it was worth a try,' said Mr Howson.
'Cathy won't be back until Lady Rickett requests her visit,' said Mike. 'The Lady's busy.'
'I see.' Mr Howson gave a chirpy smile. 'I'm sure the girl's somewhere around, it's likely, she and Kyle are playing kick around. I'll look for her at the football grounds.' The old man set off.
As the guards Mike and James turned away and headed for the gates, towards Cathy, she turned away. With the Star she raised her focus. In a sudden flash of light, Mr Howson appeared in front of her.
'You deserve an award for that performance,' she told her neighbour, as they set off in the direction of a cluster of colourful, cone shaped tents. 'They were fooled by the whole act. And I think, maybe just a bit confused.'
'By my sudden falling over,' said Mr Howson.
'And the excuse for your sudden recovery.' 
'I had to think on my feet and it worked. Now all you have to do is remember where the Second-hand Library is.'
'It’s not far from the entrance.' Cathy pointed to a lane with tents either side. 'I think it’s that way,' she said, none too sure.
The Second-hand Library was small, not so easy to find. The girl and the old man sneaked around, they backtracked twice, before finding the tent. There was the vacant stool outside, Keith, the librarian, was nowhere to be seen. 
'Be careful,' warned Mr Howson.
Cathy halted by the tent flap, she peered inside. 'The way's clear.'
'He might be in there waiting, and if he catches you?'
'He won't.' 
'Cathy, remember, no one knows where’re here. The Lady won't want to discover we've trespassed in her domain.'
'Mr Howson, you take care too,' whispered Cathy.
'You don't have to remind me, I know the drill,' he hissed back. 'If I see the librarian, I'm to warn you with a bird whistle, then hide behind the tent.'
'That's about right.' Cathy returned Mr Howson's crafty grin. 'I won't be long,' she said.
On entering the Second-hand Library, the same sense of wonderment, when she first discovered the world inside it returned. But this time Cathy was all too aware she was not hunting around for just any second-hand book. There was a pacific title she would seek, either the book was penned by the hand of Lady Rickett, the greatest librarian of them all, or by Gareth. Cathy knew, if anything, a novel on the Star's first owner would archive the beginnings of Gareth, the enemy. 
Cathy wondered along the corridors of bookshelves, crammed with many titles, all displayed in alphabetical order. Before long she thought about Mr Howson, he was still outside the Second-hand Library, waiting for her. Cathy did not want him waiting too long.  Her quest was all the more urgent. She hurried along, twisting through the maze, the alphabet swiftly sped pass. She ran from the connecting seating areas, with polished chairs and wooden tables, situated at the beginning of every alphabetical letter. On the polished wood floor was a large letter set in white limestone.
Weaving through the corridors of bookshelves, finally Cathy reached her goal, the letter L, for Lady Rickett. It was not long, as she had expected, the girl came across four books, all penned by Lady Rickett. The first was some one hundred years old. It was in good condition, the pages still gleaming white, its spine unbroken. The print of this book was close to the period, that in which Lady Rickett founded the Quick Pick Libraries. The book was titled (My View) it was an autobiography of a woman in her late twenties. The other three books were works of pure fiction. Cathy took Lady Rickett’s biography and sitting at a table, she flicked through the index. She hoped there might be a reference to Gareth, the lost boy, or even the Star. There were none. In disappointment Cathy closed the heavy, leather covered book. Once returning it to the shelve, she then pondered. 
'Perhaps it just isn't here. I'm looking in the wrong place,' hissed the girl. 'Gareth, if he's penned an account of the Star, his life before and after he encountered it, that book must be somewhere. I'm looking in the wrong section.'
Aware of her slight error, yet ever hopeful, Cathy hurried back the way she came. Again, she thought of Mr Howson, he was waiting for her. It was as she approached section H, Cathy paused in her tracks, pressing her back to a bookcase. In the seating area was a tall, thin figure, robed in deep blue, he was a much youthful version of Keith, the librarian. When she saw him at her house, he was vastly older than he was now. That Keith was in his late sixties. This Keith looked in his early thirties. Cathy grappled with what she saw, thinking just maybe, this was not an altogether different person, then she doubted it. The girl knew this man was Keith, the wizened librarian. With a quilt pen, he ticked off a checklist, counting his recorded stock. 
For a moment, Keith glanced in the girl’s direction. Again, Cathy shoved her back against the bookcase. It shook slightly. Close to Cathy's head, a book fell, she reached out, her fingers clumsily grabbing. The book slipped from her grasp, striking the ground with a loud thud. Keith's footsteps approached as he appeared around the corner, then leaning on his twisted staff, he scratched the hairs of his short, black beard. A puzzled expression crossed the librarian's face. He looked directly at the girl, then his eyelids dropped, he bent, picking up the fallen book.
'What's this.' He frowned, glancing over the books cover. 'The Thistle Tree.' He paused; a sorrowful look crossed his face. Sudden tears welled in his eyes, he glanced around left then right, then clutching the book to his chest, walked from sight.
Cathy expelled her held breath. She reflected, to her it seemed impossible, a moment earlier, Keith stood close by, his sight fixed on her, yet he was unaware the girl was present. It was the tingling warmth Cathy noticed in her palm that drew her attention. The Star, it was active, its light spilling through the gaps between her fingers. The librarian did not see her. Yet she was there, but invisible, but this time she had not employed Astra's power. The Star acted on its own accord. Independent of her knowing, sensing Cathy's dire predicament, it had come alive with an awareness of its own. 
Without delay, Cathy set off across the seating area, leaving Keith behind. When she arrived at the letter G, she gave a relieved sigh, she had reached here without the librarian knowing. She set about the tedious task, searching for a book penned by Gareth, there was no knowing, had the boy who had the Star before she did, even write a book. With too much at stake, until Cathy knew otherwise, she would not give up searching. She nearly missed Gareth's autobiography. It was a thin book swamped by the larger ones on a higher shelf, on tiptoes, she reached and stretched. With the book in hand, Cathy sat at the nearest table. The hazy orb of light from above was hardly enough to read by, but she managed. She flicked open the book and searched the index. There was a pacific chapter that drew her attention. (The Making of the Star) and (The Hunted).
'The hunted,' hissed Cathy. She flicked to page two hundred, this was the second from last chapter in the book. 'The Quick Pick Libraries,' she began reading in a hushed voice. 'I now know Astra the source of the Star's power. It's inevitable, soon they say will come, the witch will lure me to her. She has the other children and their stars. I should fear her. What I've become is unimaginable. For this, Lady Rickett won't leave me be, in every aspect I've become her worst fear. For this she's become mine.'
Suddenly a frail hand reached over the page, closing the book.
'Keith,' gulped Cathy, in shocked surprise.
In one arm he clutched the book to his chest, all the while, leaning on his twisted staff, the wizened librarian looked woefully down at the girl. 'Cathy Tyson, I'm sure you're aware my disappointment in you goes beyond words. And above all else I expected better from you,' he said, as he tried hard to contain his anger. 'Uninvited, you trespass where no other has ever dared to. It's in my library you've conducted the most reckless, unforgivable act.'
'I can explain.' Cathy suddenly felt small.
'I haven't finished!' Keith's bushy eyebrows gathered; his frown deepened. 
'The Star, I didn't mean to employ its power to deceive you, it just happened without me knowing,' explained Cathy. 
'It isn't that, think child, you've a brain.'
'I'm sorry, for whatever I did.'
'You've gone and tarnished that which is most precious to me, a book that's in my library, in my care. Have you any idea what you've done?' asked Keith, his voice raised in an outburst of rage.
Speechless, Cathy shook her head. Keith had revealed another side of his character, he was far from wizened or frail. With the girl, his voice held weight, his anger belittled her. 
'The Thistle Tree... I've no doubt, this title rings a bell, it should do.' Keith's tone of voice became a whisper. 'This is the book you dropped from the shelve.'
'Keith, believe me, I didn't mean to damage it. My back hit the bookshelf; the book fell. I tried to catch it,' said Cathy, in her defence.
'Clearly your feeble attempt failed. The books spine was broken, the skill to repair it is known to me, but that's beside the point.' 
'I came here with a purpose.' 
'If this was the case you needed only to ask, I would've assisted in your search. But no, your reckless ways caused damage to a book in my care.'
'I'm sorry, really I am,' said Cathy, as her face became red with embarrassment.
'I assume you've found what you came here for,' said Keith.
'I was close. Lady Rickett lied to me, I'm sure you're aware of this. She told me Gareth was missing, that only I'm capable of healing the Star.'
'In some part she hasn't said too much. She's lied with good intentions.'
'Too shield me from what?'
'She hasn't told you, very well, then I will... A little lie here and there, it was the only way,' explained Keith. 'The less you know the better. I urge you, forget this book.' 
'I can't. Gareth blames Lady Rickett for everything. What did she do to him, tell me, what has he become?' asked Cathy.
Keith turned his back to the girl. 'Someone you don't want to meet. Our enemy... That's all, now, I’ve already told you too much. For your own good, again I must insist, let the issue rest. Chance brought you to us. The Quick Pick Libraries, the fate of the Lady and her librarians, are forfeit.'
Hearing this, Cathy shook her head. 'You make it sound final; I don't believe there isn't a way out. You don't have to give up hope.'
'What must be done next, that's all what matters.' With the book clutched to his chest, Keith slowly turned back to the girl.
'I'm aware what you expect of me, still, there're unanswered questions. In his book, Gareth mentions the other children, those with stars.'
'Deborah, Nigel and myself, after finding our stars, Lady Rickett soon found us. She helped nurture our talents.' 
'Gareth, he wasn't excepted, the Lady didn't think he was good enough, did she? I don't understand. He was just a boy, if you aren't the villains, and Lady Rickett isn't to blame, then he must've done something truly unforgivable,' guessed Cathy.
Keith shook his head at the girl. 'If Lady Rickett found out what you've done. Trespassing. Seeking answers to questions that're best left alone, Cathy, she'd be most disappointed.'
'I know there's more, something you aren't telling me.'
'The Lady wants to protect you from the truth.'
'Keith, I can't accept that as an answer.'
'Then you should.'
'The students, you know what'll happen to them when the Star's destroyed, they'll remeber nothing, the Quick Pick Libraries, it'll all be erased.'
'In the long run it's for their own good,' said Keith. A woeful expression crossed his face. 
'You don't mean that. Help me, let's study Gareth's book together.' Cathy was hopeful the librarian would agree to assist her. 'In the pages of that book could be Gareth's one weakness. Together we can discover it.'
The librarian shook his head. 'Don't underestimate him... As you suggest, it's pointless even trying to unearth his secrets.' 
'You just haven't delved deep enough.' protested Cathy.
'Countless time and time again I've been through the book. Gareth hides his intentions well; you won't find the answers to the questions you seek within these pages.' Keith slowly turned away, his back was hunched, hobbling, on his staff, he returned the book to its rightful shelf. 'Cathy, you'll have your time.'
'And you, Lady Rickett, Deborah and Nigel will forfeit your lives without even a fight,' said Cathy.
'And one day, our young students, might establish a Quick Pick Libraries, all of their own.'
'You know that isn't what I mean. It’s not worth your sacrifice.'
Keith hobbled closer to the girl. 'Unfortunately, the odds are stacked against us all. You've no idea what we're up against. Just be thankful the Lady's spared you from this.'
'There must be another way!' snapped Cathy, not wanting to give up on them.
'The threat's just too great!'
'But not while the Star's on our side it isn't.' 
'Dear child, I understand, you've found us, and soon will lose us.'
'Keith, it's unfair.'
'It’s too late for regrets,' said the librarian, his tone of voice was calm, soothing. 'Cathy, know this... For all our best interest, the Lady will hear nothing from me, she won't know you were here. Leave now and await her arrival.'
Cathy did as she was asked, she left the Second-hand Library, outside Mr Howson was waiting for her. When asked, the girl made no mention of her encounter with Keith, her elderly neighbour did not need to know.
Chapter 24
Gryphon

*
Cathy and Mr Howson were on their way, heading to the exit of the Quick Pick Libraries, when they saw Sophie. The young Changeling was standing at an iron bard cage, outside the large white tent, the Library of Change. 
'Careful, that’s a big cat. It might bite your hand,' said Cathy, she was joking.
Walking across the neatly trimmed grass, as she came closer, what was inside the cage became clear to her. Cathy was pleasantly surprised. She realized Sophie was feeding not a lion or any big cat. The animal in the cage resemble no living beast Cathy had ever seen before, its body was that of a lion, with fur that shone yellow in the sun, and it had the head of an eagle, and slender, feathered wings and a long-forked tale. 
'I can't believe it, it's a gryphon,' gasped Cathy, in wide-eyed wonder.
'I agree, and what an amazing beast it is too,' said Mr Howson, as they both hurried the rest of the way, to the cage.   
Sophie carried on feeding the gryphon. 'Felix, that's his name,' she said, in her soft, German accent. With confidence she stroked the beast’s golden beak. 'Cathy, you’re the chosen gifted, that makes you lucky.'
'Oh, I wouldn't be too sure about that.'
'What I really want to hear is something about you, before the Star you had another life.'
'Thanks for showing an interest, but really what came before the Star, it isn’t anything to brag about. At the Quick Pick Libraries, your life’s far more colourful than mine's ever been. Believe me, you really don’t want to hear my story,' said Cathy.
'I'll be the judge of that. Tell me anything, just make it sound exciting,' said Sophie.  
Cathy had not even begun and already she found herself lost for words. 'As you're aware, I'm fifteen years old, I live with Ronald, my dad, in an attached Victorian house, not far from Clapham Common... I’m a student at Hendon Academy. It’s not a top performing school, by far it isn't the best in London. And my dad, he owns Frizz, a salon on Clapham Highstreet.'
'Might I add, he’s very good at his job too,' Mr Howson was quick to tell Sophie.
'Catering for the needs of other people, I've still a lot to learn about that,' admitted the Changeling. She thought a moment, thinking, one day, as a librarian at the Quick Pick Libraries, what she was destined to achieve. 'Mr Howson, do you work?'
'Not anymore. That's not to say I wouldn't like too.’
‘Then why don't you work?’
‘Kate, my wife… She had a stroke and needs special care…’ The old man paused to ponder over his words. ‘We both loved our jobs.'
'You met a long time ago,' guessed the Changeling. 
'Yes, though it doesn’t seem like that long ago,' said Mr Howson. 'We met at our place of work. I first saw Kate in the school staffroom, at the time she was alone. I had to say hallo. We met later that evening, after that I took her to a restaurant, the dinner was nice, since then we haven't looked back.'
'What was Kate doing in the staffroom?' inquired Sophie.
'Having a cup of tea of course, I offered to refill her cup.' Mr Howson sighed; a vague expression crossed his face. 'She was a counsellor, worked private, and also did time with social services. I was a maths teacher.’ Mr Howson gave Sophie a grin. 'I’m far from idle though,' he quickly added.
'I can’t say I’ve got brains for maths,' said the Changeling. 
'When you know how, it's an easy enough subject to learn.' Mr Howson thought of his favourite pastime hobby. 'These days I do a bit of gardening now and then.'
'Mr Howson's got green fingers. He's always looked after my front and back garden,' said Cathy. 'My dad thinks he’s the best gardener around.'
'Really,' said Sophie, by the praise she was surprised. 'It seems, these days, talented, green fingers are in demand.' She paused briefly. 'Cathy, I don't mean to seem rude, but you didn’t mention anything about your mum.'
'Now, let’s say we've had enough questions for one day,' said Mr Howson, swiftly changing the subject. 
Cathy dipped her head, she felt suddenly sorry for herself. Sophie's question gave her cause for regret. Whenever she met new people, when things were going great, someone always asked about her mum. 
‘I don’t want to remember my parents,’ said Sophie. ‘Nigel, he’s the best thing that’s ever happened to me, he took on me, gave me a whole new sense of life. The Quick Pick Libraries is the only place I feel like I belong. No matter where in the world I am, this is home.' Sophie stopped feeding the gryphon. 'Go on, take some.' She offered the bucket to the girl. 'Cathy, you can feed Felix, and you too Mr Howson.'
'I would,' said Cathy. Her left hand hovered over the rim of the bucket. 'But shouldn’t I wait to get permission first from Nigel? Felix might bite.'
Sophie took a moment to consider the situation. 'To a stranger, I admit, Felix looks fierce. Yet you've nothing to fear. He’s never bitten me, he's as tame as a pussycat.'
'Well, if you’re sure, and you sound it, alright, this is an offer I can’t refuse.' Excited, Cathy dipped a hand into the bucket, then frowned as she took an apple from it. 'Are you sure he’ll eat this?' she asked. 
Mr Howson looked at the apple he too had taken from the bucket. 'Funny, you’ve been feeding him apples. I always imagined gryphons ate meat.’
‘Perhaps in the pages of story books, but this is the Quick Pick Libraries, here there're only possibilities, there aren’t many laws.’ Sophie stroked the gryphon’s beak.
‘Who would believe he’s vegetarian?’ said Cathy. ‘Or there’s such things as gryphons,’ she added. 
‘I hope Felix won’t mind; I’m feeling a little peckish.' Mr Howson put the red apple to his open mouth.
'No, you don’t.' Sophie snatched it away from him. 'That isn’t for you.'
'Young girl, there's no need to be alarmed, I’m sure I’ve done nothing wrong.' 
'You were about to eat the apple.'
Mr Howson gave the Changeling a puzzled look. 'You know the part eagle, lion thing in that cage, can’t have the slightly interest in that apple.' He held out a hand.    
'I told you. These apples are for Felix, my gryphon,' said Sophie, bluntly. 'What do think I've been feeding him for the past five minutes, hot air?'
In a hump, Mr Howson turned his attention to Cathy. 'You would think I've insulted the poor girl,' he hissed.
'Mr Howson, Sophie has a point,' she told him, as all the while she tried not to smile. She thought all the talk about an apple, amusing. 'I’m sure Sophie will give the apple back, if you promise not to eat it. This is Felix’s feeding time, not ours.'
'I’m aware of that,' moaned Mr Howson.   
There was a wary look on Sophie’s face as he went to hand over the apple. 
With the apple in his grasp, Mr Howson bit into it. 'It tastes great,' he said.
'Go on.' Cathy hurried the old man, waving a hand at him. 'Remember, Felix needs feeding.' 
'Alright, but I hope you two aren’t too wound up.' Mr Howson gave Cathy a cheeky wink. 'I say, this is exciting. I’m about to feed a living, breathing gryphon, an apple.' He tossed his apple in the air and watched Felix’s eyes follow it. 
'Keeping him locked up like this isn’t right. He should be set free, with his own kind,' Cathy told Sophie. 
'There aren’t none like him left,' she said. 'He’s the only one of his kind.’ 
‘How do you know that?’
‘I do because I created him. And the cage he’s in isn’t a prison. Felix doesn’t spend all his time inside it, later, we'll take him for a stroll around the grounds.'
'I can’t wait,' said Cathy, tossing her apple through the bars. With wary eyes she glanced at Mr Howson. They both knew they should not be here, they were trespassers, but Cathy nor Mr Howson could tell Sophie, the less she knew the better. 
Cathy was about to toss another apple to the gryphon, when Sophie stopped her. The Changeling guided the girl’s hand to the bars. Then she showed her how to feed Felix, not from a wary distance, but up close and with care. Cathy’s hand began to tremble, she nearly dropped the apple, but in his bright yellow beak, the gryphon snatched it away. His neck swung back, his beak snapped shut, and with a loud gulp, Felix, swallowed the apple whole. After that he playfully nudge the girl’s hand with his beak. Cathy gave a chuckle as he purred loudly. 
'He likes you,' said Sophie. 'Stroke him, go on, he won’t bite.' 
The young Changeling rested Cathy’s right hand on Felix’s feathered head. At once her fear was gone. She stroked Felix, ruffling his soft, yellow feathers. He replied with a shrill, cackle, cackle, cackle, as again, Cathy began feeding him apples.  
'Do you know where Tomas is?' asked Cathy.
'I last saw him with Tulia, the mermaid.' Sophie looked at her watch. 'That was fifteen minutes ago. Tomas’s always in her tent. I think he's probably still there.' 
'I’ve got an idea,' said Cathy. 'I’ll get Tomas, and when you’ve finished feeding Felix, get Zach, and meet us outside. We’ll be waiting for you at the bandstand.'
Chapter 25
Mermaid


*
Mr Howson had no objection to Cathy having time with her newfound friends, and he trusted her not to reveal too much, only she and he knew, Lady Rickett would soon summon her to the Quick Pick Libraries for the final time, and on Lady Rickett's request, Cathy would destroy the Star. 
'The children know nothing whatsoever about this,' Mr Howson reminded her. 'Lady Rickett said they’ll be saved and so will you.'
Cathy watched him hobble away, through the closed gate, pass James and Mike, the guard could not see him, the Star's power saw to this. As it shimmered in her palm, Cathy thought the Star looked vibrant, healthier than before. The broken, faded points, she once noticed, were nearly all regrown. When Mr Howson was gone from sight, she returned the Star to its silver box, and made her way to the purple tent of Tulia, the singing mermaid.   
Waiting at the entrance, Cathy heard the subtle tone of the mermaid’s soft, musical song. And there was another voice. It was Tomas, he hummed along. For a moment Cathy stood, in silence, watching him on the raised platform, at the top of the big tank. He was swaying, merrily from side to side. The mermaid was leaning half in, half out of the clear water. Her elbows were resting on the tanks glass rim. And in bright, red rings, her long, dripping wet hair, spilled over its side, and her large fish tail, flapped, happily behind her. 
'Hello Cathy,' said Tomas, he did not turn or look in the girl’s direction, but he knew she was present.
Cathy leapt up the steps, joining him on the platform. 'Sophie said I’d find you here. It seems you’re all out of class early today.'
'And with short notice too.' Tomas gave a puzzled face. 'I needn’t wonder why. All I know is it hasn’t happened before.'
Cathy trusted Tomas, she wanted to reveal everything to him, lay bare the secrets Lady Rickett and the trusty librarians kept from him, Sophie and Zach. Too mention what had happened before Lady Rickett cancelled her lessons. To reveal what she saw at the office window, the stranger called Pierce, the one that had spied on her. Cathy wanted to tell Tomas; soon there would be the end of the Quick Pick Libraries... Then she chose to say nothing. The young students, she could not, dared not shatter their hopes and dreams.
Cathy wondered where Lady Rickett would send the students? The girl was unsure, yet aware the Lady had plans for them, it seemed likely Tomas, Sophie and Zach, would be given new identities.  They would have no memories of the Quick Pick Libraries, or the librarians, who for so long, selflessly taught them the ways of their stars...    
'Tulia sings sweetly, don’t you agree?' asked Tomas. He pressed his palms, flat against the glass tank, it was cold to the touch. He followed the hands of the mermaid. 'Cathy, now you’re here, she’s never been happier. Tulia likes you, you're our friend.'
'I doubt that, we’ve just met.' The girl tried hard not to be angry at herself for keeping secrets from him. Yet, she promised Lady Rickett she would not tell. 'It’s strange… I remember the last time I came to this tent, with my dad. Tulia hid from us... Does she only sing for you?' asked Cathy, trying her best to sound chirpy. 
'Often I stand for hours, listening, singing along to her songs,' admitted the elf boy. 'Line for line I can recite most. But not all of them. Tulia’s a mermaid, she sings many songs, mostly those sang by pirates of old. Some, together we've created.'
'She has a luring, magical voice,' said Cathy.
With her round, green-grey eyes, Tulia observed the girl, returning her smile. Again, the mermaid began to sing. Tomas took hold of Cathy's right hand, placing it on the glass tank. Together they hummed along to the mermaid’s song.
'Swift is the tide of the sea, clear, on a starry night. Warm as the blessed day, as friendships are found, and loves charms are whispers, where feelings dwell and hide. No longer alone, true friends will never part. Soft as the lips of time, this, no simple a song has been sung, like that, of a boy and girl, together now, here, as one in love.'
Tulia suddenly stopped singing, and Cathy and Tomas stopped humming. The elf boy began to chuckle. The girl had no idea what was funny, she hoped he would share the joke with her. He did not.
'Is there something I should know?' asked Cathy, she was baffled.
Tomas put a hand to his mouth. 'You don’t get it.' He began chuckling again.
‘If you gave me a clue as to what's so funny, it would be helpful,’ said Cathy, as she became frustrated.
It was a moment later, she began to make sense of Tulia’s song, then it dawned on her, the mermaid sang about herself, the boy and their friendship. At once, Cathy began to blush, while Tomas did not. He continued to chuckle, he thought it was funny.
'Cathy, it’s alright,' he said, taking a sudden, calming breath, he composed himself calming down. 'I did say Tulia likes you. She’s reserved around strangers.  She wouldn’t sing for you if she didn’t want to. Though I'll admit, I’ve never known her to create a song that quickly. She has a way with words, and being a mermaid, she only speaks what's the truth.' 
‘If you ask me, that's her opinion, as seen through the eyes of a mermaid, she isn’t like us,’ said Cathy, her defences were up, her mood was slightly standoffish.
‘I might be blind, but I'll say this, Tulia’s a good judge of character.’ 
‘Oh, is she?’
‘Of course.’ 
‘Has she always been part of the Quick Pick Libraries, I mean, was she here before you?' 
'No, she wasn’t. I met Tulia by accident, late one evening. That was five years ago, still, it seems like yesterday. I was walking on Broadstairs Beach.' 
'I’ve been told the Kent coast’s a beautiful place,' said Cathy. 
'I love it there,' said Tomas. 'Tulia does too. When I found her, she was stranded on the sand, sick beyond all hope of recovery, how long she lay there I’d no idea. Lady Rickett took her home, back to the Quick Pick Libraries. But the Lady warned me, she said I shouldn’t get attached to the mermaid. I knew then our friendship wasn’t meant to last. Soon Lady Rickett would release Tulia back into the sea….' 
'She didn't,' said Cathy. 'Tulia's still here.'
'I nursed her for a week. An elf boy and a mermaid, in that short time, who could've foreseen the bond that grew between us. I learnt a lot about Tulia’s past life and the mer-people. At sea, she was tired of dodging fishermen’s nets and boats. When she regained her strength, it was time to release her back into the sea, but she wouldn’t go. She wanted to stay.'
'And here you are, today, the best of friends,' said Cathy.
'Just as I couldn’t give up on Tulia, neither could Lady Rickett.' The elf boy smiled at the girl. 'She's like that, the Lady’s too kind.'   
 'You’re right there, she is,' agreed Cathy, returning Tomas's grin. 'Since our classes are suspended for today, I thought we could stretch our legs, go for a walk. Just to the bandstand and back, it isn’t far,' she said.
'Thanks.' A sudden distant expression crossed the elf boy’s face. 'But I’ve been told I shouldn’t leave the Quick Pick Libraries without asking Deborah's permission first.'
'You did the other night, you came to see me,' said Cathy.
'That was different,' he said, defensively.
'There isn't much that scares you,' said Cathy. 'Remember the night you visited me. You left the Quick Pick Libraries, and you weren't assisted by anyone. You even knew my bedroom window.' She gave Tomas a wary glance. 'The walk will do you good.'
'But Cathy.'
'Tomas, if you don't come along, then I’m not going, I won't go without you. Sophie's coming too, she’s gone to get Zach, they'll be waiting for us at the bandstand.'
'You should’ve asked me first, then made plans. I really want to join you. It’s just.' Tomas turned away from the glass tank and faced Cathy. 'I think leaving the grounds of the Quick Pick Libraries isn’t a good idea.' He became suddenly quiet.
'Is it Deborah you're afraid of?'
'No, it’s not her.'
'I understand the world's a big place, at times, having to adjust, it must be hard for you.' The girl wanted to gain the elf boy's trust. 'Each day has different obstacles to overcome. Tomas, nothing's going to happen to you out there, I promise.'
'Cathy, I don’t doubt you.' The elf boy was fearful of that which made him different. 'I've lived a sheltered life, surrounded by those at the Quick Pick Libraries, since I arrived here, I've grown from a baby into what you see now.'
'This place, it's all you know, I understand, but there's a world outside,' said Cathy. 
Tomas was tempted by the girl's offer, yet, his role model was Deborah. The librarian was set in her ways of strict discipline. With an air of arrogance, she had bestowed her undivided love on the elf boy, a love equal only to that which any doting mother would give her only child. Tomas was spoilt, hidden from the world outside the Quick Pick Libraries.   
'Alright.' The elf boy gave a nervous, lingering, thoughtful pause. 'I’ll come along with you.'
They set off for the entrance gates, and as they passed Mike and James, the guards were unaware of their presence. This time, Cathy knew the Star in the pocket of her shorts was not at work. It was Tomas who had planted a thought in the minds of the two guards. Invisible to the eye, silently, with a smile on both their faces, Cathy and Tomas sneaked away from the Quick Pick Libraries.  
As she took hold of his right hand, they strolled across the grass, Cathy wanted the elf boy at her side, not to miss a thing. Along the way she described the sounds and sights around them. Still, no matter how she tried settling Tomas's nerves, she noticed his hand trembled in hers. Excitedly, Tomas asked more questions than she could answer at once. He wanted clarity, to form a picture of his surroundings. Cathy kept calm. If she hesitated the slightest, she was aware he might panic. Then a flock of white swans flew overhead, their wings beating the air, and Tomas froze on the spot.
'I’ve had enough! Take me back,' he pleaded, suddenly afraid of the unknown. He gave a tug on her arm.  'Cathy Tyson, I want to go home!' His voice raised in panic.
'Tomas,' she said, softly. 'There's nothing to be afraid of. That was a flock of swans.'
'Swans,' he repeated, gradually his nerves began to settle.
‘They’re large birds.’ Cathy held his hand in both of hers.  
'I remember, Sophie, she once transformed into a bird, she invited me to touch its feathered wings.' Tomas gave an amused chuckle. 'I'm familiar with their majestic form... What was I thinking?' Shame faced, his eyelids flicked to the ground, a shade of blushing red, tinged his cheeks. 'You must think I’m afraid, stupid, or both. You think I'm a dumb, blind elf.'
Cathy shook her head at him. 'Tomas, not at all,' she said, quickly. 'You’re anything but that.'
Hearing this made the elf boy giggle. 'I should hope so,' he agreed with her.
His hand in Cathy's, as Tomas continued walking along the tree lined path, he became less jumpy. Soon the noises all around had no effect on him. Thanks, mainly to his present company, he had altogether overcome his fear. He put on a brave face. 
By the hand, Cathy led Tomas, up the stone steps to the platform of the old Victorian bandstand. They sat between two, tall, stone columns. Their legs dangled above the grass.
Tomas tilted his head to the sun, inhaled sharply, then slowly released his breath. 'It's hot,' he said.
'Tomas, I don't want you to think I've pressured you into coming here,' said Cathy. 'If you want to go back, it's alright, just say.'
‘Who said anything about leaving? You sound like you're in a hurry.' The elf boy was quick to the point. 'We can’t leave, we've only just arrived. I'm glad I didn't return home, back there, when I asked to.'
Cathy was pleased to hear Tomas' confession. From her shorts pocket, she took the silver box, opened it, and between a finger and thumb, picked up the Star. She was wary. She knew the secret she held, that she was destined to destroy it. A part of her was sad, not just for the loss of the Quick Pick Libraries, but for Tomas too, as he would have no memories of his amazing life. Also, Cathy knew they will never have met. She stroked the Star and it shone in the centre of her palm.  
'Stop!' Tomas placed a hand over hers. 'The Star, don’t even think about it, let’s just enjoy our time together.'
'Okay.' Cathy nodded her head. 
'What were you doing anyway?' he asked out of curiosity.
'Nothing much,' she lied. 'It’s just. I think you should know. I’ve got something for you.'
'Really, you shouldn’t.' Tomas chuckled nervously. 'I like surprises... Well then, you'd better not keep me waiting, tell me what it is.' 
'If I told you that it wouldn’t be a surprise.'  
With the tips of her fingers, gently, Cathy began to stroke the Star again, this time anticlockwise. In her palm it began to glow brighter. Bathed in its light, quickly the girl raised a hand, holding it to Tomas’s face.
'Cathy Tyson, stop that, it isn’t funny.' The elf boy giggled back at her. 'It tickles.'
The girl lowered her hand. Tomas blinked, his eyelids flicked open, he gave a look of pure wide-eyed wonderment. The trees, the grass, the kids playing games, the dog walkers, the blue sky, the blazing sun, he saw them all. 
'It can’t be real?' With fingers pressed to his lips, he gasped. 'This is…' 
Cathy knew what the elf boy would say next. 'Amazing.' She eagerly finished his sentence. 'You can see.'
'Yes,' he slowly replied. 'Everything.' 
Tomas leapt up, flung his arms wide, then in a fit of chuckles, spun around and around in circles.  The elf boy enjoyed the gift of sight he was given. Cathy was happy for him, this was just the beginning, there was more she wanted to show him.  Again, she began stroking the Star, this time, framed in shiny silver, a hand mirror appeared in her grasp. As she looked at her reflection, Cathy took a moment to wonder, should she go further, or altogether stop? She decided she had taken Tomas here for a reason. She had a point to prove, yet she hoped it was not a step too far, that he would think she was intruding in his life. Cathy concluded she would do nothing to insult Tomas. She was about to send the object away, but it was already too late, Tomas noticed the hand mirror in Cathy's grasp, and out of curiosity, he came hurrying over. 
'What’s that you’re holding?' he asked her.
Cathy quickly hid the object behind her back. 'It's nothing, just something I was toying with, the Star, the Lady told me to continue practicing.'
'Oh, she did...'
'I've still a little to learn about Astra's effects on objects. I've a way to go before I'm as trained as you are.' 
Tomas gave her a curious frown. 'You’re forgetting I can see; you can’t hide it from me.' He attempted to peep behind the girl, but she turned aside, blocking his view. 'Come on Cathy, don't be mean, let me see it.'
The girl could not deny him his request. Reluctantly she offered over the hand mirror. 'I'm stupid for wanting to keep it secret,' she confessed, feeling slightly guilty for her actions.  
'You thought now wasn't the right time,' said Tomas, correcting her. He gave the object an inquiring glance. 
'Take it, it’s yours,' said Cathy. 
As he took the hand mirror, holding it by the handle, slowly, Tomas flipped the object over. A light rippled across the mirrors surface. At once a look of joy spread across his face. 
'Who’s that.' He peered at his reflection. 
'You're holding a mirror, it does this,' said Cathy. 'It gives the holder the ability to view their appearance.'
'It reflects things,' he gasped, trying to make sense of the object's ability.   
'Tomas. The face you see, that’s you you're looking at.' Cathy reached out, she went to tuck a strand of his white hair, behind his right ear. 'See,' she said. 
'Stop.' As though afraid, the elf boy cringed away from her touch. 'Cathy, no, don’t! You don't understand, I'm not like those kids, those teenagers.' He pointed to them. 'I never will be, I'm different.' 
Razing her palms in the air, the girl took a step back. 'Sorry,' she apologised. 'It was stupid of me. Forgive me, I shouldn’t have done that.' 
Tomas stroked down his hair, until his pointed ear was hidden from sight. Then he glanced around in all directions, saw no one looking, then gazed back into the mirror. He gave a keen face. Soon after, slowly he tucked the strands of white hair, back behind his pointed ear. With joy he grinned at his reflection. 
'You look no different than me or those kids playing over there.' Cathy pointed a finger, in the direction of a group of kids of their age. 'And your ears.'
Tomas began to stroke it. 'Thank you,' he hissed softly. 'I’ve been raised, aware all I know is I’m different. My parents didn't come from China to London to live. They left me here, a baby, alone. I admit, I fear the outside world, what they think of my difference. That's why I'm afraid. I hide. But I never thought it could look so.' There was a sudden choke in the elf boy's voice. He found it hard to find the right word. 'Normal.' 
'Beautiful,' said Cathy. 'Tomas, that's you.' 
In silence he nodded his head.
'And you’re not to blame, you’ve known nothing else. Everyone that matters in your life have kept you safe, they've shielded you from the world, showing they care. It’s good they do. But in all this they've forgotten to let you find yourself.' Sadly, Cathy's voice trailed off. There was a sudden hard lump in her throat. 'There’s something you should know.' 
'It's alright, don’t say it,' said the elf boy.
'But I must tell you.' 
'I know there isn't a cure to my blindness. The sight you’ve given me won’t last long.'
'I'm sorry.'
'Don't be, you've done this for me, that’s what matters. For your selfless kindness I can’t thank you enough. I’ll remember this moment. Forever...' Tomas kissed Cathy on the cheek.
She felt a twinge of shyness, the fondness she had always had for him, since the night he visited her, it was now rekindled anew. As sudden voices approached, Cathy and Tomas, saw the groups of teenagers, heading up the steps of the Victorian bandstand, to the circular platform. 
Cathy knew why they were here. 'One of them must've seen your ear,' she guessed. 'They know you're from the Quick Pick Libraries.' She stepped aside, allowing the amazed onlookers to get closer to Tomas, the star attraction.       
Chapter 26
Empty Threats


*
‘Dad, I had a great day, if only you were there, you'd have seen Tomas' face. I think he's regained self-confidence. The kids, they all wanted ears like his,' said Cathy, from the steps, she was on her way to bed.
'I’m glad you helped someone with your gift,' said Ronald. 'I was afraid. All this talk of the Star, and you having a special bond with it, would change your outlook on things, make you selfish.'
'Dad, that isn't me,' said Cathy.
'I know... For you, the Quick Pick Libraries couldn’t have come at a better time. I'm glad you're keeping out of trouble. Doing something with your spare time, I know you’re happy there. Mr Howson told me you aren't alone, there're other kids like you, with stars.' 
'There’s Tomas and Sophie, they’re great. But I’m not too sure about Zach,' said Cathy. 'I've met him once, in Lady Rickett’s office. He didn’t say much and when he spoke, he wasn't pleasant. Most of the time he was grumpy, he was in a bad mood. Today, at the bandstand, Sophie told me, Zach couldn’t come because he was busy. I think she was lying. I'm sure Sophie didn't want to offend me; she was covering for him. I think Zach just didn't want to see me.'
'I wouldn’t waste time worrying about him,' said Ronald. 'He's probably a nervous type. I’m sure if Zach’s anything like Tomas and Sophie, when the ice settles, you’ll get along fine.' 
'I hope you’re right; we share a common gift; I'd like to get to know him.' 
'You will, like I said, he's cold feet that's all.' 
'You're probably right, I'll give him time.'
'Good,' smiled Ronald.
'Dad,' said Cathy. 'You and lady Rickett, is there anything you're not telling me?'
Ronald shrugged his shoulders.
'It's just, I’ve noticed the way you look at her,' said Cathy. 'And she’s an attractive woman.' 
Ronald raised his eyebrows at his daughter.  
'Mr Howson's always told me it’s rude to stare,' said Cathy. 'And I've noticed you're doing a lot of that when she's around.'  
Playfully, Ronald reached out, ruffling his daughter’s hair. 'I can't say she's not different, you know what I mean, she's a Lady.' 
'You'd be good together,' hissed Cathy, she thought of her dad, how he had done everything for her, and nothing for himself. After losing the woman he loved, it would be selfish if Cathy did not want him to be happy. 'Hearing those words would mean everything to her, if only there was time, I'd gladly tell her you said that.' The girl gulped, suddenly aware of the words that left her lips.
Ronald gave his daughter a puzzled look. 'Cathy, is there something wrong?' he asked her.
'Dad, I'm alright.' At her lie, Cathy felt a slight sadness, still, she had no choice but to keep up her pretence. 'When I see the Lady, I’ll tell her you want to see her,' she said, teasingly. 
Cathy could not break her promise, she knew, tomorrow, Lady Rickett and Debera, Keith and Nigel, the librarians, and the Quick Pick Libraries would be gone.  
Ronald frowned at his daughter. 'You won't tell her anything.' He gave her a beady eyed glare. 'Goodnight.' Ruffling Cathy's hair again, he sent her on her way.
Cathy marched upstairs, across the landing, and entered her bedroom. She dreaded what tomorrow would bring. Only she, the librarians, and Mr Howson, knew what was expected of her. She was now destined to destroy the Star. This was the only way Gareth could be defeated. 
Cathy sat on her bed, she was aware today would be the last time she saw Tomas and Sophie, as for Zach, she knew he liked her, so she did not miss him. But she was sad there was hardly time to get to know Tomas and Sophie. She also branded herself a fool, for letting Tomas kiss her, with her lingering thoughts of regret, Cathy laid on the bedsheets. If only she could do something to prevent the inevitable, if she could make things right, she would. Cathy switched off the bedside lamp and rested her head on the pillow. It was only once her eyelids shut; she became aware it was not dark anymore. Through her eyelids came a light. Baffled, she was unsure whether she had switched off the bedside lamp. 
Cathy gasped, she sat upright. In a corner of the bedroom, was a glowing object on the floor. She was aware what it was. She had seen the liquid pool of round light before, then it was in the Second-hand Library, she wondered why it was here? Soon every corner of the bedroom was lit as the flashing, swirling pool, gave off a faint whooshing sound. 
Cathy's bare feet trod the carpet, she crossed, standing at the side of the liquid pool. When she last peered into it, she recalled seeing herself ahead in time. She was sat in Lady Rickett's office, at her desk, the Star was new to her as she studied it. That was before she met Lady Rickett. Before the Star was given to her. Cathy took a hesitant step closer, as she did an image appeared in the pool, to her surprise it was not herself, but someone else. 
'Zach,' whispered Cathy, not wanting her dad to hear. 'I wasn't expecting visitors. Not that you aren't welcome. What are you doing here?' 
'Is this how you greet all your guests?' With hate filled eyes he glared up through the liquid of the pool... 'Cathy Tyson, you look surprised to see me. Obviously, you were hoping I was someone else,' he said in a gruff whisper. 'Tomas, that's who I think you thought I might be.'
'Defiantly not, you're wrong. He doesn’t have a liquid pool.' Cathy shook her head; she was still dazed with surprise. 'It’s late in the night for home visits.'
'Call this what you like.' With his broad American accent, Zach sounded smug. 'Don’t worry, I’m not staying long, the briefer the better.' Since their last meeting, nothing had changed, Zach had lost none of his charm. He was just as bad mannered as before. 
'If you’re here about today, I thought you would’ve come with Sophie, I did invite you to the bandstand too. I think Tomas was upset when you didn’t join us. He would've like to have seen you. You missed out on so much.'
'From what I've heard, I’m glad I didn’t take up your invite.' Folding his arms around his thin, tall staff, Zach stepped from the pool. As he did, liquid light dripped from his clothes, rippling away from his sandaled feet. 'News travels fast. I know all about your little tricks, I’ll say this, you don't fool me. For some reason, at home they talk and think highly of you... Hmm, I wonder, who are you really?' He shook the sickly coloured, yellow star, crowning his staff, in the girl’s face. 
'I've a name, Cathy Tyson, you already know this.' For a moment she thought he was after a fight. 'Zach, it’s late. I’m tired. If you've anything to say, get to the point, or leave.'
Zach screwed up his face. 'Cathy Tyson, you’re nothing but trouble. I don’t want you anywhere near the Quick Pick Libraries.'
The girl was shocked by what she heard. 'I don’t know why you're saying that. I haven't done anything to you. Ever since we met, all you’ve done is ignored me. And now you’re talking like I’m enemy number one.'
'Don’t flatter yourself. I don’t like you and never will.' Zach glared angrily at Cathy. 'Acting like you’re perfect. You might fool everyone, but I see through your little act.'
'Okay.' With his attempt to scare the girl working, as he came closer, bigger and much taller than she was, Cathy kept away from him. 'I, I, I think you’ve said enough.' She was unable to hide her stammer. 'Go.'
'I’ve only just arrived and I’m having fun.' He hissed in her face. 'Because you’ve got your grubby hands on the Star, don’t think you’ve won my respect. Where I come from, you earn it, the hard way.'
'How do I do that?' asked Cathy. 
'That’s none of your business, but Tomas is. And I’m warning you, stay away from him, and the Quick Pick Libraries.' Zach smirked in her face. 'Cross my path and you’ll regret it, I’ll make things hard for you, you’d better remember this.' 
'Too bad.' Cathy drew on inner strength and fronted up to the bully. 'Tomas has a mind of his own, and we get along fine.'
'That's what you think.' Zach shoved her in the chest. 'You heard my warning. I won’t repeat it.'
'I'm not scared of you.' Cathy jabbed a finger at him.
'We’ll see about that.' His smirk grew.
'What’s your problem?' asked Cathy. 'Why don’t you want me to have anything to do with Tomas? He's old enough to make up his own mind.'
'You have no idea what you’ve done. He’s blind.'
'I'm aware of this.' Cathy became wary, she stepped back, he stalked towards her. 
'Tomas was born that way. You had no right playing games, teasing him with your stupid gift.' Zach jabbed a finger in her chest. 'Razing his hopes, giving him what he doesn't have, sight, only to snatch it away. You're heartless and cruel.' 
Zach gave Cathy another hard shove. This time she nearly fell over, it was through luck, she staggered and kept her balance. But he had pushed her hard, knocking the air from her, leaving a pain that throbbed in her chest. She was momentarily dazed and out of breath. Cathy kept a brave face. she did not want Zach knowing he had hurt her.
'I gave Tomas sight, not with a promise, he knew it wasn’t meant to last.' Cathy tried to reason with Zach. 'I just wanted to show him what no one has. At the Quick Pick Libraries, you don’t see him as an elf. But like any boy, he has hopes too, he wanted to see Deborah, because he thinks she's the most beautiful thing in the world. I showed Tomas much more than that, he saw himself. And today, for the first time, he wasn’t alone. If you’re Tomas' friend, you’ll understand what I did and why. It wasn't for me, but him. If you can't see this, then I don’t care what you think, you’re nothing but a hair brain bully. Accusing me of denting his pride. I bet you’ve never done anything for him in your life, and you never will.' Suddenly the girl knew she had gone too far.  
Zach rushed towards Cathy, grabbing her by the collar in one tight fist, he dragged her forwards. Cathy's feet lifted off the ground. She balanced on the balls of her big toes, almost topping backwards. She knew Zach was beyond reason. Anger raged in his eyes, that scared her, she feared what he would do next. 
'You think Tomas wants to know you, that he even cares, he doesn’t,' hissed Zach through clenched teeth. His staff held in a tight fist; he shook it at the girl. 'He never will care about you. You aren't one of us. Now, you'd better keep your fat mouth shut, and stay away from him.'
'I don’t believe you,' Cathy choked back at him.
'Stay away from Tomas.' Zach tugged her closer. For a moment he lifted her feet off the ground, and their eyes met. 'I won’t tell you again. If you go anywhere near him, they’ll be trouble. Do you hear me? Trouble.' 
Cathy knew Zach was a thug, no better than Tessa Marsh and her goons. He had come too scare her, and to make things worse, he was jealous because Tomas liked her. Cathy was calving a wedge in Zach's perfect world of the Quick Pick Libraries. In his present state of anger, he was scary, but she would not allow herself to be bullied by him.   
'Empty threats, you're all mouth, but you won't do anything.' It took the girl courage to say this, yet, now she had, she felt better for it. 'The Lady won’t stand for this. I wonder what would happen if she discovered you've threatened me?' Cathy gave Zach a broad grin, watching as he became less angry.  'You live at the Quick Pick Libraries; you know her better than I do. If the Lady knew you came here, she’ll demand to know why, and the truth, I'm sure will make her very, very angry.'
'You can’t fool me, Cathy Tyson, you're to prim and proper. You won’t say anything. I'm not scared of you; you haven’t got the guts.' Zach gulped, there were beads of sweat on his forehead, he mulled over what the girl said. At the reality of her threat, he became worried, the risk was too great. He reluctantly released his hold on her collar. 'I don’t believe you'd do it. Not you. All kind and charmless, you're just too horrible for words.' 
'Zach,' said Cathy, bluntly, she was aware she had to hold strong a while longer, he was almost beaten, it was nearly over. 'Take a long hard look at yourself.'
'Give me one good reason why?' he asked. 'We know you won’t tell the Lady about my visit.' 
'That depends.'
'And what's that supposed to mean?'
'It's up to you.'
'You wouldn't.'
'Force me and I will.' Cathy knew it would never come to this, but she had to keep her secret safe. 'What you think doesn’t matter,' she told him. 'Hate me, I don’t care. All I know is, Tomas, I like him and he likes me. I’m his friend and don't you ever forget that. Now, get out.'
'I was leaving anyway,' hissed Zach through gritted teeth, he stormed across the room. Turning sharply on his heels, he pointed his staff, levelling it at the girl. 'Don’t think it's over. I know you better than you know yourself. Things are about to change, for the worst. It's up to you to do the right thing.' 
Cathy was pleasantly relieved when Zach stepped into the pool of swirling, liquid light, and it faded, then altogether vanished from sight. 
That wasn’t so much a threat, he left me with a warning. I don’t understand, what’s Zach afraid of, how much does he know? thought Cathy, as she was left pondering. 
Chapter 27
Chance Encounter


*
In the morning Cathy woke, she dwelled on Zach's visit, concluding he knew something she did not. The girl wanted answers. She considered going straight to Lady Rickett, but knew there would be repercussions if she did, it would be unfair of her to inform the librarian about Zach visiting her. Although Cathy thought he was a bully, she had a conscious. She preferred not to get Zach in trouble.  Still, his visit played over in her mind, she wanted to know how informed he was. After all, he was a Timekeeper.  
       Cathy was aware she could ask Tomas anything, safe in the knowledge, he knew the answer, but there was a problem stopping her. Deborah would unlikely let her anywhere near the elf boy. Next Cathy thought of Nigel, the librarian. If Zach knew something about her, it was likely Nigel would be ware of this too. Her mind made up, she would ask him what information Zach had discovered, putting an end to her lingering curiosities.
When Cathy went downstairs, her dad had already gone to work, he left a note, it was pinned to the fridge by a yellow magnet.
Cathy, had to go, early start at the saloon, there's money on the lounge room table. Get something to eat at lunchtime. If you need me for any reason, give me a call, I'll be back at six, see you then. 
Cathy went to the lounge, scooped up the ten-pound note and shoved it into the back pocket of her, white denim shorts. She then left the house, quickly checking the front door was locked behind her, then set off. She had the Star with her, sneaking pass Mike and James would be easy. They were unlikely to see her. Stepping out onto the pavement, Cathy shut the front garden gate behind her. She had not gone far up the road when she heard raised voices. 
 'Pip, hey, wait!'
Recognising who it was, Cathy gulped. It was Tessa Marsh calling after her. Cathy was determined not to look back, again her name was called, this time by Penny. It suddenly occurred to Cathy they had been waiting for her, and worse, they now knew where she lived. The girl began to walk faster. The sound of feet pounding the pavement followed after her. Cathy ran. Mr Moore's corner shop was fast looming on her left. Suddenly there came a thudding sound, then the girl's back was pounded by a stinging force, it took a moment for her to realize, one of Tessa goons kicked the football they stole from her, into her back. Cathy saw it in the corner of her eye. The football bounce across the road, Tessa ran after it.
'Get her!' she called. 'Don't let the Pip get away!'
Behind Cathy there was laughter as her pursuers gained ground.
'Target practice!' called Dell.
From across the street, Tessa launched the ball at Cathy, it struck a parked car and bounced away. My lungs began to burn, I was puffing, almost out of breath, Soon I would slow down or altogether stop. 
'Pip, get back here!' called Grey. He grabbed hold of the back of the girl’s T-shirt. 'Now we've got you.' 
Cathy glanced over her shoulder, she saw him trip, landing face down with a bloodied nose.
'Stop fooling around!' Karl yanked him to his feet by the arm. 'You dummy, target practice is getting away.'
In panic, Cathy thought about the Star. Quickly she retrieved it from her pocket, taking it from the silver box. Common sense prevented her from continuing. She dared not reveal the Star's power, not here and now, where Tessa Marsh and her goons would see her become invisible. It was bad enough, Tessa now knew where Cathy lived, 20 The Chase. If Tessa saw the Star's power, she would stop at nothing to claim it for herself.  
Mr Moore's corner shop loomed ever closer on the left. Cathy pushed herself, straining with every ounce of strength in her legs. Ahead of her, she noticed the lights on Long Road flashing. If she pushed herself hard, in time, she would make it across. Cathy ran. The horns of cars followed her, the wheels of a bus turned, it shifted gradually forwards. Out of breath, Cathy reached the far side of the road. She spun around. Tessa and her goons were trapped on the other side. They jeered, with angry scowls on their faces, shouting across at her. 
'Bunch of losers!' she hollered back at them.
It was wrong to tease, Cathy knew this, but with rush-hour traffic between them, she was aware they were going nowhere fast. Laughing at them, Cathy headed across the grass, in the direction, that which she knew the Quick Pick Libraries, under Lady Rickett's spell of invisibility was. She shifted behind a cluster of trees, all the while observing Tessa and her goons, as they crossed the road. The girl raised the Star, it twinkled in her palm, she vanished from sight.     
Chapter 28
The Changeling


*
Cathy found Nigel's caravan with ease, it was not far from a row of tents, on a green clearing. There were seven caravans, each had a name above its door. Lady Rickett, Deborah, Keith, Nigel, and Tomas, Sophie, Zach. To the left, there was a stretch of grass, and the caravan, with Sadie's office, and that of Lady Rickett. Cathy was confident, aware, wrapped in invisibility, no one would ever know she had returned to the Quick Pick Libraries.   
As Cathy trod the short steps to Nigel's caravan, she stubbed out the Star's power, becoming suddenly visible. She then returned it to the silver box, slipping it into her shorts pocket. Nervously, she glanced left then right, although no one was around, the girl had the strange feeling she was being watched. She wrapped a knuckle on the door and waited for a reply.    
'Who is it?' came a voice from inside. 'I'm busy, come back later!'
'Nigel, it’s me, Cathy, I have to talk to you,' she hissed against the door.
A sudden lock clicked, and the door opened wide. 'Cathy Tyson, I might've guessed, well, you can't stand out there, someone might see you. And I'm sure Lady Rickett hasn't summoned you.' The Dwarf peeked out his head looking left then right. 'No one’s seen you arrive I gather.'
'Lady Rickett doesn't know I'm here,' said Cathy.
'Good, quickly, you'd better come inside.' Nigel closed the door on the girls back, then slid the bolt. 'Quite if you please. Sophie's studying.'
In the large caravan, the Changeling student was sat on a chair, above the kitchen table, floated a shimmering light. The star set in the ring on her finger shimmered too. The shape of the floating object altered. It became a small yellow bird. With a flick of her finger, the shape became a dragonfly, then a wasp and a seagull. It transformed faster, some shapes partly formed then swiftly blended into something altogether new, a ladybird, a cat, a fish, a dog, a hedgehog, a snake. Then it suddenly blinked out.
Sophie gave a frustrated sigh. 'I lost control,' she said, angry at herself for not trying harder.
'You did well enough,' said Nigel, as he ran his stubby fingers through his short, white beard.
'No, I haven't, I can do far better than that... It's becoming harder to maintain Astra's order.' Sophie glanced over and saw the older girl. 'Cathy, you've come to see us.' She smiled at her.
'That was amazing,' said Cathy.
'The order must prevail at all times,' said Nigel. 'If she doesn’t continue to practice, all the quicker the gift will wither away.'
'What happens then?' asked Cathy.
'I'll perish along with my star,' said Sophie, matter-of-factly.
Cathy noticed the colour of the star, set in the Changeling’s ring was pale and sickly looking. Nigel, Sophies teacher, was teaching her how to strive and survive. Cathy imagined Deborah was teaching Tomas, and Keith was teaching Zach the same. The librarians knew the end was near. The Star was destined to be destroyed, and Cathy would carry this through, and their   students would soon be safe from Gareth and danger.
'Why are you here?' inquired Nigel to the girl.
'Last night I had a visitor.'
'Zach?'
Yes, how do you know?'
'He gets around.'
'Zach stepped from a liquid pool,' she told the Dwarf.
'There's nothing strange about that. He's a Timekeeper, he uses his power like we would a doorway, but his revolves back in time, then into the present,' explained Sophie. 
 'He's no idea how privileged he is. He was in a foul mood,' Cathy told the Changeling. 'He came with a warning I didn't like.'
'I see,' said Sophie, with a slow nod of her head.
'A warning indeed.' Nigel sighed and rolled his eyes. 'It sounds like Zach. Take a seat at the table, you must be hungry, I know Sophie and I am.' 
Cathy strolled up and down the spacious caravan. It was tidy, homely, with all the latest gadgets. As they tried to reassure her, reporting the incident to them was the right thing to do, Cathy listened to Nigel and Sophie, noticing how very alike they were, they even knew what to say next, when ending the other’s sentences. 
As Cathy sat facing Sophie, in the kitchen area, Nigel pulled a stool across to the gas stove. Stepping up, standing on top of it he was the right height to reach the hob. He set about fixing an afternoon snack. 
Cathy came here hoping to learn what information Zach had on the latest unfolding events. She was under the impression he was aware of more than she had been told.  
'When Zach's unsure of people, his stubborn side, he doesn’t hide it. It's no surprise he acts half his age,' Sophie told Cathy.   
'If you ask me, he's never grown up,' added Nigel. He flicked his ring finger over the cooker. The star within it twinkled, and a small blue circle of flames appeared on the gas ring. 'If you ask me, that boy's as stubborn as a mule. What he needs are lessons in good old-fashion respect.'
'But I doubt if he'll ever learn now,' said Sophie.
'Whys that?' asked Cathy. 
'Ever since he joined the Quick Pick Libraries, Keith's spoilt him no end,' replied Sophie. 'He's set in his way; sure, Zach can’t do wrong.' 
'As a result, Cathy, you saw for yourself, the lads less attractive qualities. He's become a big-head.' Again, Nigel flicked his finger in a clockwise circle. The star at the centre of his ring shone a dazzling red. And a large frying pan appeared out of nowhere. 'Now, where was I?'
 'You're about to make lunch, for Sophie and me,' said Cathy. 
'Yes, I'm all too aware of this, but what will it be...? Ahhh, I know.' Again, Nigel flicked his finger, this time in an anticlockwise circle, and bacon, eggs, and sausages, were sizzling in the pan. 
Cathy gave the librarian a look of wide-eyed amazement. 'I'm aware Keith isn’t the slightest bit like Zach. The librarian’s a wise old gentleman. It seems odd he's chosen a hardhead thug for a student,' she said.
'The truth is Zach isn’t like you and me,' explained Sophie. 'At the age of eleven, he ran away from home, in Brooklyn, New York, U.S.A. What happened back then must’ve been bad. After leaving his parents he didn't return home. For two years he lived on the streets sleeping rough. He's a born survivor. It was on a cold winters night, Keith found Zach in Central Park, sleeping, inside a bush.'
'Keith chose him, he brought him to the Quick Pick Libraries,' added Nigel, with a subtle hint of regret in his voice. 'By far that’s the most stupid thing Keith's ever done... Cathy, you're right to assume Zach isn't without fault. His constant moods sway from bad to worse. And Keith’s pampering the lad doesn't help the slightest bit. These days, Zach thinks it's normal, he's a law to himself. He doesn’t want to fit in.' 
'I'm sure that's why he's visited you, flexing his muscles,' Sophie told Cathy. 
'Zach cares a lot about Tomas, he sees him as a younger brother,' added the Dwarf. 
'I'd say it's something to do with their past lives, in ways they're similar. They were both rejected by the people who should’ve cared and loved them. Because he was born an elf, Tomas was cast off by his parents. And Zach, well, his big head and bad manners say a lot about him.'
'Not that we think the lad’s parents cared what happened, its clear to me they didn't want him.' Nigel smirked. 'They couldn't have loved him, no, he's too stubborn to love.'
'That's harsh,' said Cathy. She could not help feeling slightly sorry for Zach. 'You can’t be sure of that, or the reason why he ran from home.'  
'That’s what you think,' said Sophie. 'Zach left the one place he should’ve felt safe. We know his parents didn't inform the police he'd gone missing. Therefore, they didn't care.' 
'Whatever you want to believe, Cathy, she's right. His sudden disappearance went unreported. And if you ask me.' Nigel pointed his ring finger in Cathy's direction.
The girl gave a nervous gulp and froze with fright. She had witnessed first-hand what talent the elf had, by mistake, she hoped not to be turned into a barking dog, or worse, a mad, hopping toad.
'I gather, with good reason, his parents wanted him gone,' concluded Nigel.    
'The Quick Pick Libraries’ the only home Zach’s ever had,' added Sophie, matter-of-factly. 'I’m like a little sister to him, and Tomas, his brother. We're one happy family.'
'Yes, you are. I didn't realize this before,' hissed Cathy. 'For Zach, a part of me feels sorry. It isn't fair his parents didn't want him. He was a runaway. Young, homeless, alone in the world. He's every right to be angry. I understand why he’s the way he is.'
'We’ve learnt a lot about his ways, the good and the bad,' explained Sophie. 'No one’s perfect. Sometimes I think he tries hard, he wants to change, yet, it just isn't easy for him.'
'Sophie.' Nigel shook his head at her. 'It's well and good offering condolence, yet, on the other hand, we mustn’t forget. There can't be any excuse for what Zach’s done.' Again, the Changeling pointed his ring finger in Cathy's direction. 'If you like, I will report Zach, and the liquid pool, to the Lady. I assure you she won’t be as forgiving as Keith will be. Appropriately, she’ll deal with him.' 
Cathy saw she had no choice but to refuse Nigel’s offer. 'Thank you, but it’s better if you say nothing. Last night I had words with Zach. I’m sure I got through to him. I trust you both not to repeat what I’ve told you. I don’t want to make things any worse between us.'
'I’ll say nothing about this issue,' replied Nigel, with an unsure look on his face. 'My lips are sealed.'
'So are mine,' added Sophie. 'After all, what are friends for?'
Hearing this brought a smile to Cathy's face.
'Indeed,' added Nigel. He crossed the caravan, to the table, carrying two plates of steaming, hot food. 'Cathy Tyson, a morning treat, every now and then a full English breakfast won’t harm you.' He placed the plates on the table, one for his student, and the other for his guest. 'Ah, I seem to have overlooked a minor detail.' He flicked his ring finger, and on Cathy and Sophie’s plates, not one, two, or three, but four slices of buttered, brown bread, suddenly appeared out of thin air. 'Please,' he said with a clap of his hands. 'Girls, do eat up.'
For a moment, Cathy sat speechless, amazed at the Dwarf’s skills. She glared down at her plate of food. 'This is some feast. I don’t eat like this at home anymore. Most mornings I have cereal or toast, or an egg with sliced bread.'
'There’s nothing wrong with a healthy diet,' said Sophie, munching on a sausage. 
'I guess you’re right. I don’t mean to sound ungrateful. But I've brought a pack lunch in my rucksack,' said Cathy. 'It would be a shame to throw it away.'
'Then don't, let’s take a moment to consider.' Nigel scratched his head in thought. 'We’ll just have to make sure it’s not wasted.'
'What do you mean by that?'  asked Cathy.
Nigel’s eyes shifted beneath the table to the girl's rucksack. 
'I thought I’d be eating my pack lunch, here, with you and Sophie,' she said, with her mouth full. 'Mmm, this is great. Nigel, you’re an excellent cook.'
'The secret is, as you might’ve noticed, it’s in a flick of the finger.' He grinned at her. 'After you girls have finished eating, Sophie will find a way to put your pack lunch to good use.'
The young Changeling gave an eager nod of her head. 'Felix, he likes fruit. And I know Tomas, he'll give the sandwiches to Tulia. Mermaids, they'll eat just about anything,' she added, lifting her fork, taking another bite of spiced sausage.
When Cathy was full and ready to leave, she said goodbye to Sophie and Nigel, swung her empty rucksack over her right shoulder and left the caravan. No sooner had Cathy stepped outside into the sunlight, and made her way down the steps, suddenly the door opened behind her,
'Wait.'
Slowly Cathy turned around and saw Nigel. On his short legs, the Dwarf hobbled down the steps, holding the low railing to his left, for balance. 'Cathy Tyson, I'm not stupid, I know you've come seeking answers to questions. Now Sophie's not here, I'm all ears,' he said.
'It doesn't matter anymore,' she told him. 
'Don't mention to anyone I've told you, but the circle of spells is almost complete.'
'Then she'll visit me?'
'Of course, by the end of this afternoon, expect a visit from the Lady. This will all soon be over.' 
'Nigel, I know Lady Rickett gave me her word, but I'm worried for Tomas and Sophie.'
'Their fates don't concern you,' said the librarian, sternly. 'The Star will be destroyed, the Lady assured you they won't be harmed by this. Come what may they'll survive, I give you my word.'
'But they won't remember. You, me, the Quick Pick Libraries, it won't never have been.' Cathy dwelled on this; she became glum. 'We keep secrets from them.'
'It's for their own good.'
'I think they've a right to know what’s happening. And you give them a choice to decide what action their teachers take.'
'You don't get it.'
'I'm trying to understand. If you really care about them, there must be something more you can do.'
Nigel frowned at the girl. 'Too remember what they were destined to become, heads of the greatest sceptical ever to grace a child’s fantasy.' The Dwarf shook his head at her. He had regrets. 'Don't get me wrong, I understand your point of view. I would change things if I could. But the Lady won't allow it, she's her reasons. If Sophie, Tomas and Zach knew, soon there'll be no Quick Pick Libraries. That their devoted teachers gave their life, in order so they'll live on, in a world free from an unimaginable, most terrible and frightening fate. That the only way they can continue is if their memories are gone... You know as I do, their poor hearts would break.'
Cathy realized she knew way less than she thought, and every word spoken by the Dwarf was right. 'I doubt if even Zach could live up to his stubborn act if he was to discover what's soon to happen. Nigel, I wanted to ask you about him. The visit last night. I don't know how, but I'm sure Zach knows something.'
In response to the girl’s concern, Nigel spoke slowly. 'Cathy, he can't, I mean, that's impossible.' A wondering look crossed his chubby face. 'The Lady's given us, her devoted librarians, strict instructions. Keith has been forbidden to tell.'
'But remember, Zach can travel through the liquid pool,' said Cathy. 
'But he isn’t as powerful as his teacher. Zach has a pool of his own, he travels through it, yet not without with limitations, he's bound to the realm of his present and past.' Nigel was sure of this.
'Before he left me, he said something that made me question my purpose. If I'm fated to destroy the Star, what happens if I can't do it?'  asked Cathy.
'Don’t think it. Only you can,' Nigel told her. 'As for Zach, forget about him, whatever he told you, these doubts he's placed in your mind aren't worth dwelling over.  Know this, he can't possibly use his craft to visit the future. Not even his teacher can see that. We live in the present time, with the burden of our past mistakes, and the things to come, that futures beyond any of our reach. The end is near, when the Lady calls, you know what must be done.'                
Chapter 29
Giants


*
Returning home from the Quick Pick Libraries, Cathy shoved through her front door, dropping her rucksack on the floor by the radiator. The Star was all she thought about. She had altogether given up on thinking of a way to save it, having soon to destroy it, she was facing defeat. This left her feeling riddled with regret. Cathy made her way upstairs to her bedroom, where she slumped, sitting on the corner of her bed. The girls head hung as she took the Star from the silver box.
'My newfound friend, our time togethers been brief,’ she whispered. ‘We didn't get to know each other, now we never will, soon I'm to make the ultimate sacrifice.’ A lump swelled in her throat, she fought, determined to hold back tears of sadness.
The Star shimmered in Cathy's palm, gradually becoming warm, it began to pulse, its glistening points swayed. She noticed it looked healthier than ever before. The dull tips, and those that were broken, had almost healed like new. She slumped back, clutching the Star to her chest. Her eyelids shut as she slipped   into a blissful sleep.      

**

Cathy woke with a sudden jolt, panic-stricken, she jumped to her feet, uncertain how long she had been gone from the world. Placing the Star in the silver box, she put it under the pillow, then went out into the passageway. Downstairs the television was on. Cathy knew her dad was home from work, this meant it was later than she thought.
'Lady Rickett,' she hissed, snatching her mobile phone from her shorts pocket. She thought her phone had been on silent, that she had missed Lady Rickett's call.   The girl’s cheeks puffed out; she breathed a sigh of relief. 'A text from Kyle, a missed call from dad. There aren't any calls made by Lady Rickett.' To the girl this seemed odd. She returned the mobile phone to her pocket and crossed to the banister. 'Dad!' she called, there was no reply. She made her way downstairs, crossing the passage, into the lounge. 'Dad, what are you watching?' she asked from the doorway.
Ronald was sitting on the sofa. The DVD he had brought two days ago, on his way home from work, was in his right hand. The wrapping was still attached to the casing. 
'Dad!' Cathy raised her voice. 'Dad, what's wrong?'
Again, Ronald did not reply. Cathy hurried over to him, she went to shake his arm, then at once she hesitated.
'Dad.' She fought against the rising panic inside her. 'Say something, anything.'
Again, Ronald was silent. Cathy wondered what had happened, why he ignored her? The long silence was unnerving. She feared the worst, it occurred to her something was wrong. Ronald did not move, nor blink, with wide vacant eyes, he gazed at the television screen. Cathy's attention was diverted away from her dad. The news was on, this was strange, it was early, not yet ten o’clock in the evening. In the newsroom studio, Paula Harris, the news reader, was seated at her blue desk.
'At 9:00 pm this evening, the first sightings of the giant’s began across London,' she said, in her usual dull tone of voice. 'At first, the blurred photos and the footage, taken by members of the public, were dismissed as fakes. But we now know the truth. They are real. Until our update on the latest bulletin comes through, lets show some Moore of that incredible footage, taken ten minutes ago.'
Cathy peered closer at the television screen, unprepared for what she was about to see. Suddenly there was Saint Pauls Cathedral, across its wide dome and spires was a net of thick white web, that glowed with a pulsing light. People fled from the open doors, in their hundreds, down the steps. A speeding car emerged from the traffic packed road. As it sped along the pavement, it skidded, struck a lamppost and erupted into flames. Then there came a loud roar. A gush of white web filled the scene and the footage on the screen switched. 
Buckingham Palace was shrouded in thick white web, itsleft side was collapsed, reduced to a pile of rubble. On the gates outside, there were figures, glowing, white webbed cocoons. Each one of them was twitching as though alive. What was inside them struggled to break free. 
Again, the footage changed to Trafalgar Square, from Nelson’s tower white web fanned out in an umbrella, across the statues of the lions and the fountains below. The surrounding streets were deserted. Dotted around the pavements and roads, there were strange blobs of glowing, white web.   
Paula Harris suddenly appeared on the television screen. She placed a finger to her earpiece. 'I've been told we can return to Chris Lamb’s report.'
Chris Lamb was at the southside of Westminster Bridge. He cringed; a mighty boom shook the camera. 'That you hear behind me is gunfire in the distance. The army’s been sent in to Central London. There’s a mass evacuation underway.'
'Chris, do you have any idea where these giant’s come from, or what they want?' asked Paula Harris.  
'A while earlier I spoke to members of the public; they told me the giants have been seen coming out of the River Thames. I've also been told they appear then vanish. But what they are is unknown.' Chris Lamb shook with fright as a bright flare exploded behind him.  
There were startled screams, followed by gasps, the gathered news reporters shifted forwards. Covering their heads with raised hands, some of them crouched, and others rushed to the rails of the army enforced barrier to get a better look. The engines of a fighter jet roared as it flew overhead. Swerving, it missed Westminster Bridge. Its wings were covered with flapping, thick white web. It tilted to the river’s embankment, swerved out of control, and crashed into the Millennium Wheel. Flames leapt high in the air. The burning wheel collapsed into the River Thames, then the camera shook, flickered, and went out. 
'Sorry.' Back in the studio, Paula Harris appeared calm. 'We have lost Chris Lamb’s report. As soon as we can, we will return to him…' She glanced at her laptop screen. 'As you saw earlier in our special extended newsflash, Glenda Miller the Prime Minister, has praised the Army men and women, for their swift response in this, our time of crises. All across the capital, people have been evacuated from London’s streets, into underground stations. People at home, or still in their place of work, have been advised to stay inside until given further notice. The chief army operator, Commander Burgess, has announced we’re at war against giants, they are a hostile force.' Paula Harris raised a finger to her ear piece and squinted. 'I have just been informed Chris Lamb’s report is back.' She turned in her seat, to look at the screen behind her.
'Chris Lamb.' She gave a warm smile. 'The last thing we saw was the collapse of the Millennium Wheel. Can you give us any further news on the giant’s, what do they look like?'
'Yes,' said Chris Lamb. 'I saw the one that caused the fighter jet to crash. The giant was huge, some nine stories high, its appearance is like that of a spider like creature, with a long elephant like trunk.' Suddenly the camera shook violently, the news reporter struggled, trying to keep his balance.
There came a mighty roar, and close to Big Ben, with a surge of gushing water, a giant emerged from the River Thames, towering above the clock face. Bong, bong, bong, the bells of Big Ben chimed, until they reached ten o’clock. Then everything went silent. 
The giant stood on eight thin, clawed legs, had a fur covered, black, bulbous body, its eight eyes were lidless and round, its long elephant trunk lifted. It roared as a jet of white web gushed from its long trunk, covering the army in the streets below. 
'Did you see that?' asked Chris Lamb. 'The gunfire’s stopped.'
Around him, news reporters from around the world rushed ahead, shuffling Chris Lamb, and his camera crew along with them. At once, the barrier that was guarded by army officers prevented them going any further. Some of the reporters demanded to be let through, but none were allowed access across Westminster Bridge.
'We saw it,' replied Paula Harris, sounding just as amazed as Chris Lamb was.
Big Ben, like Parliament House, was now covered in thick layers of white, glowing web.
'There is something about the web,' reported Chris Lamb, his voice trembled with urgency. 'From where I’m standing, looking across Westminster Bridge, there seems to be no sign of life. It’s like everything inside the web’s frozen.'
Suddenly the giant’s trunk lifted into the air and swung down. As the giant gave another thunderous roar, Cathy knew she had seen enough, quickly she grabbed the remote control and switched off the television.
'Gareth's coming.' At once it occurred to the girl, this was an invasion, the battle for the Star had begun.                        
Chapter 30
Web Invasion

*
The curtains flapped, stirred by a breeze, Cathy noticed the window was open, she rushed over and slammed it shut. Against the gathering darkness, as sunset, she drew the curtains tight. Something was happening in the world outside. For now, inside, she thought her dad and she were safe. Cathy hoped before long, the army would gain control of the looming threat. She turned to her dad; a shock went through her. They were not alone. Sat on the sofa beside Ronald was a stranger, he was stick thin, his skin milky white, the centre of his eyes was circular red, patches of long hair clung to his balding scalp. His claws were brown. His suit was black, with thin grey stripes, his white shirt was open at the collar. 
'Gareth,' hissed Cathy.
The stranger shook a clawed finger at her. The corners of his thin red lips turned up in a menacing smile.
'Pierce.' She guessed correct this time, she knew he was his master’s messenger. 'I know why you're here, please, leave my dad alone, he's innocent. He hasn't any part in this.'
Slowly Pierce arose from the sofa, a foul, lingering smell came from him. 'Fear not. He isn't why I'm here. You're aware my master sent me, in fare exchange for your father’s life, the Star. Gareth wants it.'
The request was direct, Ronald was being used as a bargaining chip, but Cathy knew all too well, Gareth could not be allowed to claim the Star. He was an enemy of Lady Rickett's, that made him her enemy too.    
'Gareth's still too weak. That's why he's sent you,' guessed Cathy.
'Don't underestimate him, my master's stronger than you think,' said Pierce, with an air of smug self-confidence. 'Cathy Tyson, I dare you, step outside and you'll realize how powerful he is. You can't win. The battle's already won.'
'Lady Rickett will stop your master,' said the girl.
'And, how can she? The Lady's struggling to protect her precious little Quick Pick Libraries, I assure you, she’s beyond saving.' Peirce smiled mockingly.
'She won’t give up the fight.' 
'Search inside yourself, you know the truth, she's gone.' 
Pierce's request left Cathy numb, afraid to accept what she knew was true. If Lady Rickett was able to challenge the threat, in this time off need, she was nowhere to be found. The giant's invaded central London, it dawned on Cathy, the army were losing the battle.  
 'Throughout London the ways being paved for my master’s arrival.' Pierce's manner was calm, he sighed. He thought the girl was stubborn, that she was a petty thing. 
'I won't help him win the battle,' said Cathy.
'Your precious Lady Rickett, give her up, it's foolish to believe in her. Don't think she can save you. She can't save herself.’ Pierce's thin, red lips curled back, revealing the points of two white fangs. 'The Star, give it to me. When you've done this, you'll understand the only mercy you'll receive is from my master.' 
'And if I refuse to do as you request?' asked Cathy.
'Your father will perish and you're to blame.' Pierce stalked three steps in the girl's direction. 'If you continue to annoy me further, I'll have no choice, whatever force necessary will be used. Your puny mind can't resist mine.'
Cathy was out of choices, yet she knew if she gave the Star to Pierce, then all was lost. Lady Rickett kept the Star from Gareth for a reason. If enemy gained possession of it, he would become more powerful than she was. 
Without resisting, Cathy agreed to comply. She left the lounge. Her duty was simple, she went to her bedroom, and from beneath the pillow she retrieved the silver box, then made her way to the steps. Pierce waited below in the passage. For all Cathy cared, if it meant her dad and she were left alone, the messenger would get what he came for. 
'The Star, you have it?' asked Pierce, eager to claim it for his master.
Cathy made her way down the steps. 'Yes, it's here.' She held out the silver object.
'And still in its original box I see,' said Pierce. He reached out, snatching it from the girl’s hand. His face was pensive. 'Now my master has back that which rightfully belongs to him. That what was stolen from him. Cathy Tyson, you woke the Star, now your purpose is fulfilled. You can't be allowed to live on.' He opened the silver box, in sudden rage, his face contorted. 'What's this.' He dashed aside the empty box.
'The Star belongs to me and I won’t give it up!' shouted Cathy. 
Pierce rushed at the girl with outstretched arms. Quickly she held the Star between them, it blazed bright, the assailant covered his face with a raised arm. He hissed and growled like a wild animal. His fangs were long, glistening with saliva. He twisted away then back again, it was then, Cathy realized the Star hurt him, Pierce was in fear of it.
'I'm not afraid of you, you aren't welcome in my home. Return to your master, tell him I'll never give him the Star,' said Cathy.
Pierce coward further away from her. His free hand raked the air, he attempted to grab her, but she forced him back. Suddenly there was a loud crack like that of rumbling thunder. Shattering, with showering splinters of flying wood, the front door ripped from its frame, with a hefty weight it collapsed, toppling onto Pierce. A large, brown bear, filled the entranceway. The beast stamped down a huge clawed paw, crushing Pierce beneath it. 
Unable to blink, Cathy stood on the spot, frozen in shock. In her palm the light of the Star gradually faded. The bear in the doorway roared, then became calm, its shape shifted, glowing faintly with a white radiance, all the while shrinking. It quickly became less its size. Behind it Tomas stood on the outside porch. And all the while glowing, the shifting shape once again took form, it became Sophie, the Changeling. 
Cathy smiled with relief. 'I’m glad to see the two of you,' she said.
'We would’ve come earlier,' said Sophie. 'But we were busy.'
'Busy?' Cathy raised an inquiring eyebrow.
'The Quick Pick Libraries is being monitored, the enemy’s closing in, Lady Rickett doesn’t know how long she can hold off the zigaran,' said Tomas.
'Zigaran?' repeated Cathy, confused by the word, the corner of Cathy's left cheek dimpled.
'The reporters call them giants. You must've seen them,' said Sophie.
In her confused mind, Cathy remembered the news report. 'On television, I saw them, they're attacking central London, and winning.'
Sophie shook her head at Cathy. 'Where have you been for the past hour? The zigaran are sweeping the city, they're everywhere. Tomas says they aim to pave the way for their master. Gareth's coming.'
'Tomas' right,' hissed Cathy. 
'He'd better be, he's hardly ever wrong,' said Sophie.
After her encounter with Pierce, Cathy wondered what kind of creature Gareth was? 'Zach, he shouldn't have let you come here by yourselves, the streets aren't safe. He's meant to be looking out for both of you,' she said.
The look that came across both Tomas and Sophie's faces told Cathy there was more bad news.
'He didn't make it,' said Sophie, she gulped hesitantly, the Changeling was about to cry, then her mood sobered. 
Tomas, the elf boy, squinted, searching for words to say, while hiding his inner grief as best he could. 
Cathy and Zach were not close. When they first met, his manner was cold towards her. He had later threatened Cathy. He claimed she was a bad influence on Tomas. Still, he was the big brother to both Tomas and Sophie, they had all been adopted into the Quick Pick Libraries.  
'If it weren’t for Zach, Sophie and I wouldn't be here. We would be trapped in the Quick Pick Libraries with no way out,' said Tomas.
Cathy felt sudden pity for the elf and the Changeling. They had lost their big brother; she knew they were both hurting. 'If you two hadn't arrived, I don't think I could have kept Pierce at bay with the Star much longer...' 
'It’s Zach you should be thanking,' said Sophie. 
'Yes,' agreed Cathy. 'I won't forget him.'  
Sophie knelt and picked up the small silver box from the ground. 'This is yours; you shouldn't leave it laying around.' 
Cathy took the box from Sophie and placed the Star inside it. 'My dad’s in the lounge, I think somethings wrong, it’s strange, he's been ignoring me.' She pressed shut the lid of the silver box. 'Pierce's done something to him.'
'Your dads been bitten by the vampire,' said Tomas, softly. ‘Cathy Tyson, this means, for our safety, he has to stay here. It's too risky. We can’t chance taking him with us.’
The girl gritted her teeth in anger. 'That's my dad you're talking about. If it was one of the librarians you wouldn't say that. I'm not going without him.'
'It's too late, there's nothing you can do.' Sophie held onto Cathy by the arm, attempting to stop her entering the lounge.  
Cathy shoved the Changling aside and hurried away. She was unprepared for what greeted her in the lounge, on the sofa, her dad was smothered in a mass of thick, glowing, white web. With a hesitant stride, Cathy crept forwards. Raising a hand, her fingers trembled, she reached out.
'Dad.' The girl’s fingers poised inches from his head, then unable to touch the vile smelling cocoon, she withdrew. With caution she bent and peered closer. 'Dad.' Her voice shook.
Cathy glimpsed two fangs overlapping Ronald's bottom lip, his eyelids were closed. Again, she bent closer. She gasped. His eyelids flicked open, they were circled in red, like those of a wild beast. 
'He isn't your dad anymore.' Sophie stood at Cathy's side. 'First the web cocoons them, then they change, until they become like their master.'
'Gareth,' hissed Cathy. She hated the vile vampire leader; this was all his doing. 'I’ve got to stop him.'
'We know,' agreed Tomas.
'This has gone too far, Gareth, I won't let him win. I know what I've got to do. Lady Rickett has a plan for the Star and me. I’ve got to finish it,' said Cathy. ' You both saved me from Pierce, you've done more than enough. Lock yourselves in my bedroom, I'll be back when I can.'
'We came this far to help you,' protested Sophie. 'We're coming along too.'
'Don’t be stupid,' said Cathy. 'You said it yourself, it’s just too dangerous out there.'
'We're coming too and that's final,' said Tomas, he was adamant. 'Even with the Star's protection, it's dangerous out there. And a zigaran guards the Quick Pick Libraries. Without us you won't make it far.' 
It was clear to Cathy, Tomas and Sophie would not wait for her to return, back into danger, they would rather follow her. She could not waste time arguing with them. Her dad was slipping further away. And with every waisted minute, Gareth's hold on London was growing, and so was his power. 
Cathy hurried into the passage with her friends following. She halted, hesitating as she glanced down at Peirce. The vampire was crushed beneath the front door, the girl wondered was this the last she would see of him, or would he one day comeback with vengeance? 
Sophie hurried outside into the night. 'Quickly,' she hissed over her shoulder.
'Don't go running off,' said Tomas, after her.
'I won't,' she hissed back.
Cathy held onto Tomas' arm, she guided him across the fallen door, leading him outside onto the doorstep. The road around was shrouded in white webs. In the dark of night, it radiated, pulsing with a strange light. The webs dipped from the rooftops of the rows of houses, including that of Cathy's, and Mr and Mrs Howson's, the next-door neighbours. The webs, spread in thin strands from the pavement, linking across the road.
Cathy walked along the short garden path, to the gate, that squeaked as she pushed it open. Her dad’s car was covered in webs, all the cars along the road were. The confusion in Cathy's mind overwhelmed her. Clips of the news reports flashed through her mind, repeating over again, the invasion of London, the destruction, it was now dread that the girl felt. 
With a roar like that of thunder, the ground shook. Cathy staggered and released her hold on the elf boy at her side. Her arms waved, frantically in the air, she attempted to grab hold of something, anything to prevent herself falling. Tomas held onto her with both arms.
'What's happening?' asked Cathy, suddenly afraid, she already knew the answer. 
'The zigarans are coming,' replied Tomas. 
Chapter 31
Uninvited


*
'It is complete,' said Erik, he stepped back from the glowing, four circles, then dabbed his sweating brow with a hankichife.   'Now we wait.'
'Of course, you know Cathy won't make it,' said Deborah.
'A reader of dire, ill news we can hardly afford,' said Ayden. 'I assure you we haven't done this for nothing. She must attend the Lady's summoning.'
'Hope all you like, it changes nothing, she isn't here.' Deborah's mood was stern, dismissive.
'Hmmm.' Deep in thought, the elderly librarian ran his fingers through his long, tangled beard.
'I thought you'd consider the truth,' said Deborah, tartly.
'No matter what any of us think, we should consider what's more important,' said Erik. 'We must leave Cathy to the Lady, and take stock. We must not forget Sophie, Tomas and Zach, I'm sure soon our pupil will need us.'
'Of course,' said Lady Rickett, she was seated at her desk. 'With the circle complete, there is nothing more any of you can do here. It would be wise if you contend to the needs of your pupil.'
'As you request.' Erik dipped his head and left.
Lady Rickett acknowledged the two librarians from afar. 'Sometime this evening will be good.'
Both Ayden and Deborah left the office. Lady Rickett stroked a hand across Drew's back, the black and white cat purred loud with contempt. She then grabbed the ends of the yellow shawl, tight across her thin shoulders. Against the sudden chill, there was no comfort. It was as the moment overlapped; she felt the strange presence of another. She was not alone. Lady Rickett reached for the desktop lamp. With a flick of the switch, it went out, still, from outside the window shone the moons silvery glow. 
'You have my attention,' announced Lady Rickett, with each spoken word, her breath turned to mist on the air. 'I know you're there, show yourself.'
Drew's purring filled the office. The cold became intense, and the shadows in the office were thick. 
'Lady Rickett,' hissed a voice from the corner.
The Lady peered into the gloom, in the corner where the chair Mr Howson often sat when visiting with Cathy, something stirred. 
'At long last we meet again,' said Lady Rickett.
The shape shifted, it leaned forwards. Long fangs of white glistened in the moonlight. 'Lady, I have returned to claim that which is rightfully mine,' hissed Gareth.
