 Steel, Magick and Faith: Book 1 of the Remus Rothwyn Chronicles 
 
 
By T.P. Grish
   
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Copyright 2013 T.P. Grish
  
Cover Art by Jana Pivkova.

 Thanks to my family and friends for their patience and advice during the writing of this novel.

 
TABLE OF CONTENTS

PROLOGUE

CHAPTER 1
CHAPTER 2
CHAPTER 3
CHAPTER 4
CHAPTER 5
CHAPTER 6
CHAPTER 7
CHAPTER 8

EPILOGUE.

AN EXCERPT OF THE SHARD OF PALRINAH, THE UPCOMING 2nd BOOK IN THE REMUS ROTHWYN CHRONICLES
BIBLIOGRAPHY

 
PROLOGUE
 
 
Glenryth is a world of ancient rules, and savage spirits slumbering in seclusion. From the jungles of the North, to the rocky plains of Corsen, there is a heavy stillness. A quiet violence. For hidden in nooks, watching within veritable evergreens; lie spirits, beasts, forces elemental, vicious, hideous, beautiful. There was balance, harsh and violent like the noxious air in a swamp. But balance, nonetheless. Then somewhere in the fickle mists of creation came humanity, clawing and afraid, grasping and ambitious. Enveloped in a dangerous world, these creatures lived as scavengers; afraid of the greater things of the world. They were beset by disease, lack of claws or fangs, and the lack of habitat to call their own. Lefeyhdie had not provided any particular prey or plant for them to eat. These fleshy, naked beings were doomed to die of attrition. Curiously, these beings never stopped Doing, or Thinking. Breeding to strengthen their numbers. Sharpening rocks, shaping wood, gathering leaves and sticks for clothing and shelter. Eventually they had settlements of great number, crude but effective tools of war. Ancient forces began to pay attention to the growing incursion, plaguing them, slaying stragglers at night. But still the humans held on to the edge of the precipice, knuckles white with effort. Before, they would wait and watch while beasts slew and supped on prey, then spring out, scavenging the scraps of meat. Now they hunted and harvested. Now they stood and fought. No longer was there fear in their eyes, but Knowledge. Knowledge that no matter if four hunters fell at the claws of a fey beast, the ends of their spears would eventually bring the beast down. 
 
Cold and calculating these humans were, from the eyes of the Feykind. Plotting, scheming, invading. But this was not the case. The feelings of dwarves and beasts are slow-moving and heavy felt, but humans felt many different things at the same time, some lightly; some heavily. They mourned when their comrades fell, smiled when their children were born. They envied, and slew each other for no reason at all. They erected barriers between themselves, spawned by minor differences in beliefs or appearance. For, while the creatures of old all followed one tapestry of rules, the humans each had different ideas. If there was one thing they had in common, it was that they were greedy; empty. They must fill every moment of their days with a purpose, with a problem to be solved. And never would they accept limitations. Elves witnessed humans dragging wagons through forests; but when the humans tired of the sweat on their brow; they enslaved beasts of burden to carry their belongings. But the creatures of old could not understand these complexities; to them these hairless creatures were insane, alien, devoid of reason. They took over land and altered it with slabs of stone and travelled on crisscrossing wounds in the earth. Soon they enslaved animals and bent Lefeyhdie to their will, continually reaping and sowing. Now Glenryth is scattered with many small human settlements, with a few cities of culture. Towns and villages are surrounded by the wild. Villagers cower in fear and awe of the supernatural. Horrible stories are told about encounters with these devils and demons, but they are at the back of the common consciousness. For already roads, travelers, settlers and missionaries trek across the wild. Technological cults and Monotheistic religions are worshipped, any suspicion of pagan or Fey magickal taint is reviled. Materials from the outside world are to be altered to suit Man, removing the taint of the wild. Prophets spread far and wide, offering hope and comfort to the beleaguered masses. Mankind is not totally separate from the energies that suffuse Glenryth, as an unfortunate few are born as Touched. The more fortunate of the Touched will never discover that they are so.
 
CHAPTER 1
 
 
A figure skittered through the tall grass, muttering to itself. Small and sturdy, its skin looked hollow, its eyes sour and malign. Scraps of meat and dust clung to its fur garment, which was of dark maroon and leafy brown. As it approached the outskirts of the human village, it gently moved to make not a sound. Its feet could not be seen beneath its loose pants. It heard the chop, chop of wood. The creature muttered darkly, thinking about the inanity of humans chopping fragile wood with their axes… the wooden buildings would crumble, and then they would have to repair the flimsy structures. The dwarves were here before the race of Man was born. But their wisdom and pre-eminence were not respected, it seemed, and the humans had to be taught respect. 
 
Curving around a tree, the dwarf peered at the maker of the noise. In front of a wooden cabin, an adult Man chopped a log of wood placed on a tree stump. The Man cut in almost complete silence, with a barely audible grunt now and then. In the distance the creature could see plumes of smoke, the village proper. Fixating its dark eyes on the man in front of it, the creature decided that this man would be the first victim. How to describe him to his Clan? He was a normal human male, with brown hair. His legs and arms were long, giving it the impression of taller height. The tall one on the outskirts of the village, yes, that would do… 
 
It smiled mischievously. ‘Dra’k Tarluuth Ror’ it muttered. They deserve pain. It must have spoken louder than it intended, for the human seemed to look up and scan the area briefly. The dwarf turned and ran through the grass, towards his Clanhome. There was no fear of discovery on the dwarf’s face, just a malign smile. The plan could not be ruined, no it could not… The Lesson must be taught according to the Edicts.
 
* * *
 
Remus was not sure what the noise was. One could never tell what was the wind, and what was one of the Feykind. Putting down his hatchet, he wiped his brow with a piece of cloth. He walked towards his house, picking up the slain deer that had been left outside his door. Elaina had delivered it, as she knew he did not much like to venture into the town market, for purchasing goods or for any other reason. He would have an early night, and after a couple of mugs of Rum he would retire. As he walked to his bedroom, he glanced at his large and disorganized bookshelf and smirked. A woodcutter, a hermit, and a scholar…. was it even worth the scorn of the townspeople? 
 
 * * *
 
The next morning, a crowd of people gathered outside Remus’ lawn. They were hunched around the outskirts of the land, whispering fearfully. ‘The strange one has attracted them! He has sought forbidden knowledge, this is why they are angered!’ one hushed conversation went. Remus awoke blearily inside his bedroom. Not knowing what to expect, he sauntered outside. What argument could they have with him now? He was not prepared for the vile, earthy stench that greeted him. By Horthrin! Cattle lay in his front yard, dead or dying. Vines rose up to grasp and stab the legs of the unfortunate cows and sheep, slowly bleeding them to death. His grass seemed to have overnight turned a violet hue, and this corrupted plant matter seemed irresistible to the town’s cattle. 
 
Remus glanced around incredulously. A handful of cattle rushed headlong into his front yard, madness in their eyes and seemingly moving against their will. The poor beasts charged into the yard and began chewing the stained grass like they had not eaten in a season. Thorny vines rose unnaturally from the soil and drained the hapless beasts.  This was powerful dark magick. Peasants tried to stop their cattle from approaching the land, pushing them back with their bodies. This was to no avail, as the animals were too strong. Remus saw a deer rush into the yard, roaming nervously to find a free spot of grass. When vines pierced its legs, it struggled and kicked futilely; its lifeblood draining into the soil. A brief pang of sorrow brushed Remus’ heart, then he thought of more practical matters. He glanced at the townspeople, and saw familiar expressions.
 
Fear. Hate. Suspicion. No doubt they would blame this on Remus, claim he had attracted the ire of the Feykind upon them. What else could they be expected to do, try to understand the Feykind and their powers? Alas, that would be expecting too much! Remus’ acerbic inner sarcasm evaporated as he surveyed the scene. Almost two dozen cattle from the town farms were dead or in the process of dying. On his land. This was either the dwarves’ work, or that of the elves. 
 
The recently erected bridge linking the two segments of the town had spurred even further growth and expansion in High Peaks. The people of High Peaks had laboured hard to finish the stone bridge under the supervision of the local branch of the Steelwielders- the Church of Technology-; previously townspeople were forced to wade across the river to travel from East to West. Traditionally, the townsfolk had crudely drawn areas that they were or were not allowed to travel in or occupy, ‘negotiated’ as per ancient agreement with the Feykind. 
 
Although the Feykind made their presence felt frequently enough, current situation included, the fear and awe of them had subsided slightly, enough for the powers that be to focus on expansion, construction and the economic benefits such moves would bring. The frequent ‘offerings’ made to the Feykind, traditionally of quality local produce like honey and bread, had reduced. Although High Peaks, a modest town, was likely enjoying its highest level of prosperity at the moment, people had been starting to balk at the idea of throwing away the sweat off their brow in appeasement to Feykind. That is not to say that that people were unafraid of the Fey, not at all; it was just that people believed if they steeled themselves and soldiered on, humanity would inevitably dominate the region.
 
 The dwarves were rumored to inhabit deep caves in the wilds to the west of town, no one ventured there except for miners, who went gingerly and only harvested external outcroppings of ore. That is, besides the occasional traveler foolish or crazy enough to traverse the region. At the back of the mind of every single townsman was the primal fear that retaliation would be wrought upon them for their audacity, by an unseen foe.
 
Today, Remus mused, that fear had been verified. Two dozen cattle dead. The cost and loss to the town would be quite major, many farmers and land holders would have lost much of their cattle stock. Remus went inside to find his shovel. This could be fixed… let the peasants talk, he would do the practical thing and bury the poor critters before they rotted. Remus took a swig of water from his bucket, and leaned on his kitchen table… he mused with disgust about the attitudes of the townspeople towards the dwarves. They were frightened of them, hated them, yet were in awe of them. They could be understood, these dwarves, strange as they were. All of Feykind could be. They had mysterious powers, but even those could be understood and quantified if one tried. Remus gingerly walked towards the front yard, confident but reluctant to face the peasants. The hate towards the dwarves could be justified, but those that did hate them, did so because they hated everything that was different. Those same people held a distrust of Remus for the same reason. If these dwarves were of evil intent, that did not mean every external influence was harmful, every foreign practice demonic. 
 
Remus balanced his shovel against the wall of his cabin, and began the arduous and grotesque task of lifting and carrying the animal corpses. He would carry them to the edge of his land, and then dig a large grave hole. As he hefted a sheep, his brow was creased in worry thinking about how long it would take him to complete this clean-up. There was still a gaggle of townspeople crying, shouting and pointing at him, only a few had brought shovels to help in his effort. Their assistance was not goodwill, he knew, but pragmatism. Nobody needed to experience the stench of rotting animals or be reminded of the loss. 
 
He saw Perey among the few helpers and smiled. Perey, the town messenger, was an exception, a good lad and more tolerant than most. Remus was not in the mood to talk to his friend right now, despite the fact that he had very few.  It was fortunate he didn’t grow crops in his front yard, as the soil would be corrupted for quite a while. He had to admit he was a little frightened by this display of power. It was natural, yet… perverted. 
 
Shoveling, he heard heavy footfalls approaching and looked up, leaning on his shovel wearily.  It sounded like two or three people. Remus turned to find three peasants closing on him, one who he recognized as Buhl the Farmer. Fat face red, and jowls quivering; Buhl abusively queried what Remus had done to bring this on the town, stubby finger inches from the man’s face. Remus remembered an unarmed fighting technique he had read from a Zhrontian tome, one involving the snapping of an opponent’s finger. Remus swallowed and replied ‘Take your finger out of my face, Buhl. This is evil magic, and has naught to do with me. Obviously this is the result of our failure to properly ‘reward’ the dwarves for their presence in the area’. 
 
Remus did not expect his sarcastic barb at the dwarves to elicit empathetic anger in the stupid man, not Buhl. Violet face struggling against the logic, Buhl spat ‘How did this happen, then?! And on your land, freak! We all know what you do here… we know about your witchcraft and alchemy!’ He appeared to ponder whether to make a direct threat, then gave up, hatefully glancing at Remus one more time before lumbering off; lackeys in tow. Remus turned back to his labours, a grim smile on his face. He speaks to me as if I am a Touched, Remus lamented incredulously. 
 
An hour later, Remus was making steady progress in his task. Sensing a presence but hearing no noise, he guessed Elaina had made an appearance. With a mask of annoyance, Remus looked up, still hefting a dead sheep. Sure enough, the spry young woman had made an appearance in front of him. She smiled worriedly, as if she too were shocked by these events, but was assured it would all be alright. ‘I have spells that can make this task easier, Remus. The townspeople are gone now, it will be fine’. The few helpers had gone, having dug large holes and tossed a few cattle in. Presumably Remus was supposed to finish the job. Remus grunted in response and continued digging. 
 
Elaina was one of the Touched, the very small percentage of humans who were born with an innate ability to harness the powers of Magick. She was the only person in the town who was as reviled as he was. He thought it was ironic, one such as her who thought only of helping others, would be no less disliked than he was. He, the recluse. It showed there was no point trying to reassure their ‘fellow’ townspeople of benevolence, if you were indeed different. Remus’ crime was that he was distant from his fellow man, and that he had an inclination to research the lore that was considered forbidden. Just as Elaina’s ‘crime’ was her Touched nature, something she could not avoid. ‘Elaina’, he grumbled, ‘I have seen enough magic this day, and witnessed the gawking crowds of our fellow men, who refuse to help me. I do not think using your powers will make this situation easier, even if it will clean this mess up more hastily’. 
 
Elaina was hurt, but was used to this kind of cynicism from Remus. She positioned herself to cast her enchantments, balancing in a delicate yet focused pose. It was always hypnotizing seeing her cast spells, but Remus feigned disinterest and continued digging. He could not avoid the sight of the cattle rising up, magickal gusts of wind lifting them. Slowly, it happened, but surely. A pile of corpses began to form. Remus had retrieved his shovel, and was digging a pit to drop the bodies in. He kept on shoveling, his job made a lot easier. Elaina used her magic to enlarge the hole, and began to appear fatigued. Remus started pushing bodies in the pit, again aided with Elaina’s control over the winds. Within one and a half hours of her arrival, by their combined efforts, the mess was gone. 
 
A pang of guilt plagued Remus. Elaina had saved him a whole heap of grueling labour, work that would have become gruesome once maggots started eating the bodies. All despite his sour mood. He looked at Elaina and began to speak, her sparkling blue eyes curling into a smile. He looked away and headed back into his house, stopping to ask Elaina if she would like to come in to eat and rest. She shook her head. Elaina sat in the yard peacefully, as Remus vanished into his house.
 
Elaina smiled knowingly, brushing her multi-hued hair out of her eyes with a willowy arm. He was probably one of the more open-minded people in the town, a realization that almost made her laugh aloud. She saw herself as someone who could see an individual with potential to grow, and she liked helping such people. Remus, despite his salty roughness, had potential. She still did enjoy those moments where she could disarm him and see him with his guard down, though. She chuckled.
 
* * *
 
Outside his window, smoke curled up from a dozen chimneys in the town. The smoke forced itself into the sky, gathering girth as it rose. Remus focused on the book in front of him. He was collecting information about the Feykind. Everyone knew of their existence, the elves and dwarves, but the truth about them was obscured by myth and exaggeration. Remus read through the entries he had made. It was a record of the possible influences the dwarves had exerted in the town. Remus recorded every incident caused by dwarves or other Fey, and every one that may have been caused by them. 
 
Every piece of information or gossip he had managed to collect from travelers or from old lore had been inscribed. For millennia, mankind had spread across Glenryth, surrounded by the unexplainable wild. Why was so much unresearched? It was known that there were other, sorcerous forces at work beyond men, different species of Fey such as dwarves, elves and various beasts, had been identified. But no one pried. It was probably common sense. Remus had, however, heard of men and women who tried to explore the outside world beyond roads and pilgrim paths… Mostly they met bad ends. 
 
The incident with the cattle was not the worst of the lot, there were incidents involving combat and murder. This was the first time when something had happened on Remus’ land, but he convinced himself that it could not be personal. His cabin was on the edge of town, nearer to the wilds than most others, after all. How could the beasts know about his research- no, it had to be coincidence. Remus sighed. His parents, for whatever reason, had left him in the town at a young age, with nothing but a few words to local townspeople to take care of him. The kindly older couple who raised him were long dead now, the rest of the town were not as tolerant of his perceived differences.
 
Everybody in town was supposed to follow the creed of the local factions: the religious Church of St. Lusian or the Steelwielder technocrats… the powers that be, in this town, and dominant players in much of the known world. Remus would not even pay lip-service to them when he was growing up, despite the well-meaning advice of his adoptive parents. How could people sign their minds over to one simplistic belief system, how was that considered normal, even expected? Remus, like every other child, grew up on stories of the Feykind with the knowledge that many of the stories were real, and everybody would bear witness to the terrifying implications of conflict with the Feykind at least a few times in their life. Remus shared the fear and anger towards the magickal creatures, but he also knew that since they existed, they must have motives; their powers must have explanations and limits. He also had experienced the prejudice and savagery lurking within the breasts of mankind. 
 
Remus sighed, taking a bite of bread from a clay plate on the rustic reading table that was perched in the corner of his similarly outfitted main room. He felt a familiar pang of bitter stubbornness. No, he would find out about the world before he cast his lot in with anybody, and he would keep his eyes open. If that meant he was a hermit for the rest of his life, to Hell with it.    
 
* * *
 
The next day was one of Remus’ scheduled trips into the town proper for supplies, a brief inspection of his pantry made it abundantly clear that he was running low on everything. Stroking his accumulated stubble, Remus mentally prepared himself to go into town. His pantry boasted a few slices of stale bread, and meat of dubious lifespan. Packing a few coins from his meager savings, and loading logs of firewood into a hemp sack, he soon was ready. He placed the wood and coins into a push-wagon and rolled it in the direction of town. It was mid-morning. He thankfully would miss the morning rush for goods, peasant women fighting over squawking chickens. But there would be enough people present to make sure he felt unwelcome. There always was. His wagon tore ruts through the squelchy mud, like a grumpy old man stomping home for dinner. Winding down the slightly declining path, he realized that there was a simple beauty to the town of High Peaks, not so much inside the town, but in the surroundings. Brown, bare earth, splotched here and there with grass and modestly leafed trees. Large mountain ranges looming in the background, grand with their grays and greens. 
 
The pale, skinny form of Perey was walking towards him, and Remus stopped to chat. The dapper, cheerful young man seemed out of place in this town, Remus mused. Perey was the uncharacteristic son of Buhl, the farmer.
 
’How are you doing?’ Perey inquired, ‘I stayed to help as long as I could, Reym’. 
 
‘I know, I took care of it. I’m fine’, Remus responded. 
 
‘Sorry about my father, he….’
 
‘It’s ok, Perey, I understand. The man is a buffoon, though’.
 
They shared a chuckle, Perey hesitant of laughing at his father. 
 
Perey went on, ‘The town is going to be aflame at the loss of the cattle, my family lost a few’. Perey lived on his family farm; his family was in the meat and shearing business, while he worked as a messenger and town courier. ‘Why do they do it, Remus? The dwarves? D’ya think this will ever stop?’
 
‘I don’t know, Perey, my research hasn’t really shown me their motivations, besides the fact that they think we are invading their land, or breaking some cryptic agreement our ancestors made with them’.
 
Perey related some gossip about a traveler he had run into in his daily duties, travelers being rare in High Peaks. Then they went on their separate ways.
 
Ignoring the gawking in the town square, he made his way to a local grocer. Remus picked up produce that he was in need of, breads, cheese, freshly skinned meat… Piles of fruit graced one corner of the large wooden case displayed by a particular merchant.  They were of dubious quality, but that was usually the case. Remus felt through an assortment of apples, trying to discern which were of better quality. He wanted to be done with his buying, then sell some of his wood, and retreat back to his cabin. 
 
A horrible shrieking and screaming interrupted his perusal, and he whirled around in shock. A woman ran towards the crowd, pleading for help. Her arm was badly burned, the pretty white dress burned off, along with a lot of her skin. The crowds shrieked in horror. They rushed to help her. The cynical man felt a quick pang of surprise that they helped, but then realized that the people did look after those they considered their own. These thoughts were pushed out of his head at the sight of the woman. Who had done that to her arm? Remus moved closer, the crowds now ignoring his presence. ‘Aid me!’ she shrieked, ‘It was that man, Weylin, he did this! He is one of the Touched, he is a demon!’ Weylin…. Remus remembered the name. 
 
When he was a boy, Remus’ isolation from the other townspeople began. He was not different in any way, was not Touched… He just started inquiring about things too much, about the magick that everyone knew existed outside the human settlements. Weylin was the same age as Remus, and in their teenage years Weylin would always seek to turn the townspeople against Remus, even further than they already were. He did the same with Elaina as a matter of fact, and Remus never found out what his problem was. 
 
Now a man of twenty five years, Remus barely saw Weylin around. He knew nothing of Weylin’s personality, aside from his inclination to demean and ostracize others. Weylin was a Touched?! That did not make sense. ‘He tried to seduce me’, the woman gasped, ‘When I refused, he did this to me! He did it with foul magick!’ She cringed in pain. ‘Where is he now?’ said a male voice. Remus looked around to see Baruvo, the blacksmith. In the background he saw the reassuring figure of Elaina, no doubt listening to the conversation with her innate abilities. ‘He ran to the forest! On the east edge of town!’
 
A helpful peasant arrived with a bucket of water and an armload of towels. People began pouring water on her arm and wiping it down. The crackle of skin under the water pained Remus as much as her agonized screams… Poor woman. A few people carried the woman into a shack where they would do their best to aid her. There was a commotion as men of the town started boasting and bragging about how they would find Weylin, and the various inhumanities they would perpetrate upon him. The Sherriff and guardsman marched in to calm the unruly mob down, and started making plans to hunt him down. Remus stroked his chin. He had always been interested in the phenomena of the Touched, and how they came about. Quietly, Remus walked back to his house, trailing his wagon behind him. 
 
This man had done evil, so Remus need not be worried about the ethics of any techniques he might use to study him. Remus sympathized with the Touched… if all the non-human creatures in Glenryth used their powers to torment mankind, what was wrong with a few select men and women being able to use the same powers themselves? Of course burning a poor woman’s arm because of some stupid failed tryst was evil and vicious.  Remus had not been able to find out much from Elaina, as she blindly accepted her powers without the thought of questioning them. Her powers could be impressive, the healing powers of water and air, but nothing spectacular. Hmm, it would be better if he left later on in the day, so he could eat, rest and prepare himself for the possible danger. 
 
He knew that Touched, upon first discovering their powers, were rumored to be unable to control them properly. Would he have time to rest, or would the Mayor and his men find Weylin before Remus could? Remus knew the woods fairly well, having traveled there in his occupation as a woodcutter, and in his studies of the region. He would take the chance, he decided, and headed to the kitchen where he would eat lunch before a short rest. 
 
He awoke energized and began grabbing rope, axe, his net and his book and quill. Remus set out. Hopefully, he could overpower and restrain Weylin, and ask him some questions. Afterwards, he would hand him over to the Sheriff. Exiting his house, he noticed it was early afternoon, a dark, cool one. He set out with his pack over his shoulders, his boots crunching on the rocky soil. The start of the forest was mere metres away from his cabin, with small spruce trees and ferns splayed here and there. It took five minutes of walking before the trees grew tall, and the sky became a canopy. It was around then that Remus noticed the first sign of a trail. Leaves and twigs were disturbed, indicating a human-sized creature had run this way. Remus heard noises and saw glimpses of loud townsmen and guardsmen searching the forest. They had split up to cover more ground, but were rather lacking in tracking skills.
 
 Remus quickened his step, but took care not to make too much noise. The trees bore greenish-brown leaves, and an occasional boulder protruded from the ground. The floor was a carpet of leaves. Remus pressed on, following the general direction of the discernable tracks. The only noise he heard was his own footsteps, and the chirps and low growls of forest creatures. He would most likely avoid the larger creatures at this time, who would either be sleeping or stalking their usual prey. Once in a while he came across a squirrel or other such creature, which would either stay at a distance, watching, or scurry away. 
 
It was three hours into his journey that he began to lose track of the signs of Weylin’s passage. How far could this man have gone? Remus conceded the possibility that the man was running away for good, to avoid punishment for his deeds. Just as Remus was glancing around in frustration, he saw a flicker at the corner of his right eye. A tall figure approached him, barely discernable from the trees. His alarm faded when he realized it was a feminine figure, but its skin was weirdly the same colour and texture as leaves. As the figure glided in, its skin began to fade into a more human tone, until gradually the figure revealed itself to be Elaina. She smiled benevolently, ‘Sorry to startle you like this, Remus, but I had to find out what you intended to do’. 
 
‘I am going to track down Weylin, that must be obvious to you’ Remus retorted. Elaina smirked at his trademark prickliness, unaffected. ‘Yes, but why are you embarking on this search by yourself, when the townspeople have started their own search?’ He chuckled humorlessly. ‘I do not have complete confidence in the … abilities, mental or otherwise, of the good Sheriff and his men. And, as you know, I have my own interests in those that are Touched’. 
 
He added ‘I will be handing Weylin over to the townspeople once I am finished. I do not intend to hurt him, just to ask him some questions’. She contemplated that, shaking her head ruefully, ‘I have not managed to figure out your intentions, Remus, for as long as I have known you’. They had known each other since they were children. She continued, ‘I think you could use my help. I have an interest in making sure Weylin does not make the townspeople even more hostile towards me, towards us, and all those who are different’.  ‘I am not one of the Touched, Elaina’, he retorted, but he knew what she had meant. ‘But you are different, Remus… I have powers I can add to the task, and I know these woods, I have them inside me’.
 
Remus nodded consent, and Elaina walked alongside him, without the camouflage enchantment. She leaned forward to notice an apparent disturbance in the leaves, one that Remus could not pick out. She motioned to him and they changed direction. ‘Good, good’, Remus muttered, walking briskly to catch up. One thing I can say for him, thought Elaina, is that he had no problems following someone else’s advice, if they could lead him to his goal.  
 
CHAPTER 2
 
 
Nearing a bend, Remus and Elaina came upon a small, babbling brook. It flowed through the rocky ground of a clearing, traveling towards the west. Its amethyst blue waters lined the yellow-white rock. Crouched down with his back to them was a man in a dark commoner’s tunic, who appeared to be cupping his hands in the brook. Remus realized with a start, that it must be Weylin. Remus looked at Elaina, who nodded in understanding. They had to be careful. Elaina glanced at Remus and nodded sharply, indicating that she was going to head towards the oblivious man. Remus took one last look at Weylin. The man appeared to be washing his face and hands and muttering softly to himself. 
 
Elaina’s skin shifted into camouflage once again, to the colour and texture of rock. She crouched and slowly advanced. Remus grabbed his hand axe and his net. It was a specially made net, compact and made of hemp. But when thrown, it would expand, enveloping anything in its path. Axe in his left hand, and net poised in his right, Remus slowly advanced. They inched forward. Remus had no idea what powers Elaina was going to use, but he had to get a bit closer if he was to use his net. Weylin was still unaware. Remus and Elaina both became painfully aware of any slight noise they might make. Elaina swooped in from behind Weylin and to the right, Remus on the left. 
 
I’m close enough, thought Remus…. He grabbed his net and prepared to take one more step forward to throw it on Weylin. As he thrust his arm back, their target suddenly swung around, eyes intense. Weylin raised his hand, and a brief fan of fire arced in the sky, burning the net in half. Elaina jumped on the unaware Weylin, almost forcing him to his knees. Remus joined in the struggle, and together Weylin was pushed onto his back, helpless. Remus grabbed his rope and began tying Weylin up. Grabbing his left wrist, he commenced tying the first knot. 
 
He glanced at Elaina, whose skin still had the appearance of sheet rock. As he tied the knot, his skin all of a sudden felt like it was getting warmer. Only the areas that were in contact with Weylin. His skin began to get uncomfortably hot. Remus looked at Weylin. A smile was splayed across his boyish face. Steam seemed to rise from his skin and even his dark mop of black hair. Remus yelled in pain and jumped off him, as did Elaina. This man was dangerous, and could seriously hurt them if they weren’t cautious. 
 
Remus backed off and side-stepped warily. Weylin squirmed and made it to his feet. He quickly surveyed his foes, his face wrinkling in recognition at Elaina. Elaina gestured forward and yelled inaudibly, and the whistling of a sharp gust of wind was heard. Weylin was pushed off his feet, and fell back into the brook; falling hard on the rocks, partly submerged. Elaina concentrated, warping the water to hold Weylin down. His body struggled, half submerged, and unable to rise. Remus took the opportunity to grab the rope. He grabbed Weylin and held his body down while lifting his head to the surface. ‘You can’t hold me like this’, Weylin rasped, threateningly. Remus tied the man’s arms together, grunting at Weylin’s violent struggling. He lifted the man out of the stream by his neck and shoulders, like a fish. 
 
Water dropped off his sodden tunic as Remus threw him to the ground. Elaina approached, in her normal form. Weylin gave her a quick glance then refocused his glare at Remus. ‘What do you and that freak-girl want?’ he spat. His voice was a rough hiss. ‘You are a danger to us all, townspeople and Touched’, intoned Elaina somberly. Weylin sneered at her. She matched it with a contemptuous stare of her own. He spoke, ‘You would slay me to gain rapport with the townspeople, witch?!  How about you, hermit?’ His boyish looks matched his petulant attitude, but there was an unsettling wildness in his eyes. 
 
‘When did you discover you had these abilities? Is there anyone in your family line who also was likewise afflicted?’ Remus asked, drawing a curious stare from Elaina. Weylin struggled against his ropes as if to double-check that escape was not an option. ‘I did not ask for these powers, they…’ he spoke as if musing to himself. ‘They came slowly. Where am I supposed to go now?’ Remus wondered if he saw remorse in Weylin’s eyes… no it wasn’t remorse, it was… neediness, just a small streak of it. The bound man shot a feral glance at Remus. ‘Unbind me now, hermit, or I swear I shall burn your flesh to dust when I get free’.
 
 Remus was grim but unimpressed, he looked at Elaina. ‘Let us bring him back to my cabin’. She shot back harshly, ‘You wish to examine him for your curiosity?! So you can find information to record in your tomes!’ Remus started to speak but she continued, ‘We came here because a young woman from the village has been seriously injured by this man, forget that not!’ Remus stared at her simply, ‘You have faced hatred for your bloodline, me for my choices…. Now, a Touched has mutilated a townsperson. I have to learn what I can. Then we can give this whelp in to the authorities and hope for sanity and restraint from the townspeople’. 
 
Elaina stared at him cynically. They both refocused on the issue at hand, but Elaina made a mental note to bring the issue up with Remus at a later junction. They led Weylin back to Remus’ cabin, avoiding any townsfolk on the way. All the while Weylin made threats and sputtered in vain. 
 
* * *
 
GorNu’Set basked in the glow of the communal fire, as the other dwarves danced and sung his praises.  ‘GorNu’Set has shown the humans!’ ‘They will never forget again!’ rang the shouts in the dwarvish language. The campfire lit up the ceiling, dancing shadows flickering. GorNu’Set was proud as he saw the intense looks in his Clan members’ eyes, as he knew he had inspired them this day. He had reclaimed their pride. He sat eating berries and wild meat, soaking in his moment of glory. A cup skittered across the floor, kicked by an unwary dancer. GorNu’Set awaited the arrival of Dorbuuk, who was in his slumber. He was a wise leader, and a powerful ancient. For the few hours he could be active each day, his very step had gravity for the dwarves. Would Dorbuuk be proud? He must be… GorNu’Set had upheld ancient rites. The cessation of the symbolic Gifts of respect, combined with the unbridled expansion, could not be tolerated.
 
 But King Dorbuuk had a foresight other dwarves could not predict, GorNu’Set wondered if he would scold him and the others in the clan for celebrating without permission. GorNu’Set sank his head back, and half-slept. It was not hard to drift off, as the curse he had created today had drained some energy from him. When he came to, he observed that many dwarves were sleeping, others quietly playing bone-throw and drinking in small groups. Their leader was nowhere to be seen. 
 
GorNu’Set got up and looked around, getting his bearings. Stepping over slumbering bodies, he made his way out of the common hall and down the tunnels. His destination was Dorbuuk’s chamber, at the back end of the tunnels, deep in the mountain. 
 
After some walking, he was approaching the entrance to Dorbuuk’s lair, running his stained hand along the rock walls as he walked. The tunnels in the Clanhome were pitch black unless a campfire was started. The dwarves had the ability to see in complete darkness as if it were day, so this was immaterial to them. As he reached the branching path near Dorbuuk’s lair, he heard a growling sound. At first he was startled, but then he remembered Boruggh. 
 
The creature in question was a crazed dwarf who had been sequestered away from the other dwarves, and kept chained. He had gone mad many years ago, but most people forgot about him, except the dwarves whose job it was to keep him fed and take him on his excursions. This freak had butchered and tortured humans at will, cannibalizing them and showing no balance or discipline. He had taken the lives of several dwarves in blind anger, as well. Taking him on regular excursions in the wilderness was necessary to keep his violent madness under control (barely), and was done with chains and heavily armed guards.
 
 GorNu’Set shuddered a little as he took to the left tunnel, keeping a wide berth from the path that led to the crazed dwarf. Boruggh’s shadow could be seen, reflected from deep in the tunnel. GorNu’Set arrived at the ornate stone door that led to Dorbuuk’s room, and found it firmly shut. He leaned against the wall of the tunnel. He did not want to actually awaken Dorbuuk, as it was taboo to even get this close to his door. Some dwarves did it for laughs, but never got caught. He sighed and decided to wait. 
 
After some time there was a rumbling groan that signaled Dorbuuk’s Awakening. GorNu’Set ruefully realized that the King would be displeased at being disrupted outside his chamber, considering the short length of his allotted Awake time. It was a moot point, as he was not about to abandon his inquiry at this point in time. The rustling scrape of the door opening brought the visiting dwarf to his feet. 
 
The King walked out, his heavily wrinkled yet hardened face offset by arching brows and deep red eyes. His brindle beard was wild. Dorbuuk glanced at the apprehensive dwarf intensely. GorNu’Set stammered ‘My King, I hope your sleep has left you wise and as fortitudinous as stone. I have come to ask if you had heard of my vengeance while you were sleeping, My King’. Dorbuuk looked wrathful, eyes boring into the younger dwarf. He grunted and walked on, GorNu’Set tagging along, an awestruck child. 
 
The King spoke in a voice that reverberated through the rocky tunnels. ‘I was aware of your actions during my Dreaming. The humans are getting bolder and their fear is receding like the ebb of a tide’. The younger dwarf walked reticently, glad at having evaded a chiding; but nursing a quiet disappointment at the lack of praise. The old dwarf continued on, ‘Clanhomes in other parts of this land have Messaged me, the other Kings tell me that the humans have expanded, encroaching on dwarven territory and the unclaimed wild. Their respect for the old agreements is waning.’ Dorbuuk strode through the rough-hewn tunnels speaking off-handedly, but with gravity. 
 
The younger dwarf walked gingerly behind the King, scurrying to catch up whenever he fell too far behind. Dorbuuk continued, ‘The rules of Eldemon are being broken, clans are losing their purpose, many dwarves are running wild and separating from their brothers’. Eldemon was the God of Secrets, he had passed down many edicts and traditions that were religiously followed by the dwarven people. These edicts included rules for interactions between humans and Fey, and painstaking detail about the duty each dwarf would bear. 
 
GorNu’Set felt slightly guilty, admitting the reason for his punishment of the humans was more his bruised ego than avenging his clan.  The edicts of Eldemon were not on his mind when placing his curse. For dwarves, following the edicts and sticking to their word was an irremovable part of their soul. Unlucky and doomed was the dwarf who broke his word. Soon they arrived at the Hall, with the celebrating dwarves rushing to attention.

Dorbuuk inhaled, like air gushing through cliffs. He surveyed the gathered dwarves. ‘We have to reassert our dominion over this territory. We will get rid of any human travelers we find in our area’. Gleaming eyes relished the idea, as Dorbuuk surveyed the crowd and went on, ‘Humans wandering outside our territory can be watched but ignored, it is up to the Fates whether they reach their homes  before Lefeyhdie claims them’. The mention of the Elven Goddess brought groans of reluctant respect. The above ground forces of Feykind were a necessary and ancient ally to the Dwarves of the deep, but were disliked. ‘Perhaps the humans will recover their senses… and their fear… if we make our position clear.  We will do what it takes to preserve our existence, our ownership. We will not let these devils use their unnatural alchemy to drive us away. We do what we must, for the glory of Eldemon!’ Rousing applause and feral growls drowned the cave, as King Dorbuuk absorbed the will of his people.
 
* * *
 
The trio, one gagged and bound, managed to sneak past any townspeople in their path and reach Remus’ cabin, where they quickly shut the door. Closing the shutters, Remus propped Weylin into a chair and sat on the table in front of him. Elaina reclined against a wall, arms crossed and scowling at both of the men. ‘If you scream and shout for help, think of what the town will do to you once they find you’, Remus sneered to Weylin. ‘Cooperate with us, and perhaps we will stop them from tearing you apart’. Remus took off the gag, revealing unstable hatred and emotion in Weylin’s features. Gods, this guy really is a lunatic, Remus mused. Remus sat down next to Weylin, pulling out a scroll of parchment, ink container and quill. He looked in Elaina’s general direction gingerly while doing this, aware that she did not believe he was interrogating Weylin purely to help the local people. 
 
Remus struggled internally for a moment. Did he care for the victim and justice, or was he merely satisfying his own curiosity? He reassured himself by remembering that he had just captured a dangerous criminal, with Elaina’s assistance. He began the interrogation, speaking passively. ‘When did you notice you had… abilities?... That you were… ‘Touched?’’ Remus had only basic lore on the nature of the Touched, knowing that they could manifest powers related to an element; or in rare cases, two elements. They were the only humans who could wield magick in any capacity, and they were usually reviled and spurned. There was no pattern that could determine who would be born Touched, no way it could be spread or propagated. Some were just… born with the condition. 
 
Weylin made no response, other than to stare hard at the floor. Tense moments passed. Remus had dangled a carrot by promising to help mitigate the townsfolk’s wrath, and was pondering how to prod him without destroying his chance of getting an answer. Finally Weylin spoke, and his feral demeanor softened into one of resolve. ‘I am not a freak like the both of you. I have this power… I know not how. I… don’t  want it!’ Regaining composure, he went on grimly ‘I will not be punished for something that was not my choice, they… will… respect me!’ Remus bristled at that. Weylin was more than happy to bring trouble upon others who were different, for no fault of their own. But when it was himself on the hook…
 
Elaina responded to Weylin with clarity, arms crossed and still reclining against the wall; ‘You seriously harmed an innocent girl of this town; and why? Because she did not return your ‘advances’?’ Elaina’s green-blue eyes stared daggers at him, framed by the play of the dimming light on her blue-streaked hair. Weylin didn’t respond. Elaina sighed and left the room. Remus produced a strip of marinated dried pork he had brought along for the search, and held it close to Weylin’s face. 
 
‘You must be hungry after all that running, do you need some food? I also have a flask of rum’, Remus offered disingenuously. Weylin licked his lips, clearly tempted. How childish this man was, considering what he was capable of, mused the captor. Remus stated ‘I need you to tell me how you use the powers… when you conjured the fan of fire, when you created the burning effect on your skin. Tell me all the details, you have nothing to lose’. Weylin hesitated, balking at the idea that he should divulge the information for food and water. But, he realized there was a far greater threat, that of him being thrown to the townspeople like a fat chicken into a den of wolves.
 
He replied, ‘Sometimes I feel a surge of power. I can control when I use it, but it is difficult to control the effects… I hear chanting in my head, or maybe I subconsciously chant mentally as a result of the powers. Some spells require a gesture, some don’t. Now give me the food, hermit’. Remus stared at the wall behind Weylin, unblinking. Then he faced Weylin. 
 
‘How do you know which gestures to use?’
 
 ‘The knowledge just comes, instinctually’.
 
 Elaina re-entered the room with two copper goblets of water. Remus tried to hide the amazement he was feeling at Weylin’s admission, as Elaina placed one goblet on a table next to Remus and hovered back to her corner; other goblet in hand. Remus had just discovered more details about the Touched than perhaps anyone in Corsen. Words and gestures were a part of the magic, so there must be a pattern…
 
Sure that Elaina must be staring at him, observing his actions; Remus got up and stated matter-of-factly ‘We must bring him to justice now, Elaina’. She arched an eyebrow, ‘So you have satiated your curiosity?’ she said with more than a hint of sarcasm. But Remus was already carefully placing his parchment on the side table, and walked over behind Weylin, bracing to heft the man. ‘You promised me food and drink for that information, hermit’, Weylin rasped fierily. ‘Shut up’, Remus responded, and the robust man handily lifted Weylin up and held him with his right arm. 
 
‘Your friend interrogated me some more when you were gone, and it was not to berate me for harming the girl’, Weylin spoke darkly.  Remus realized he was speaking to Elaina, and he had her attention. ‘He asked me for details about how I use my powers; it did seem to interest him’. Remus did not bother to look at Elaina, just grabbed Weylin all the harder and headed for the door.
 
* * *
 
It was only a matter of time before a townsperson saw the trio heading towards the High Peaks barracks. Ignoring the gawking crowds at their periphery, Remus and Elaina kept on walking. But these stray townspeople alerted others, and a dull roar could be heard as the industrious folks stopped what they were doing and came rushing over. A sizable amount of the Sheriff’s guard also appeared, those who were not searching for the rogue Touched. In front of the crowd were Priests of St. Lusian who hissed and rambled, holding firm to their Church’s symbol, a diamond-shaped frame on a wooden plank. The living wall blocked their passage. Elaina smiled reassuringly and approached the rabble, right palm raised. ‘Remus and I have been successful in finding the criminal, and we have brought him here for lawful judgment’ she orated, emphasizing the word ‘lawful’. A moment passed. ‘They are in concert with the demon!’ one man yelled, audible amongst the rabble. Some peasants grasped their weapons tighter and seemed to slightly surge forward. 
 
‘Wait!’ rang a loud voice. A peasant, a young man, stepped forward, wearing a well-maintained tunic. ‘Perhaps they are dangerous, but they are here at the barracks. By the Law of Reason, and the Commandments of St. Lusian, let the situation be arbitrated by our own process!’ he spoke. The peasants receded slightly, accepting the words. One woman declared ‘Aye, Larian speaks true, we need not bend our laws for these monsters!’ The man referred to as Larian, seemingly content that no violence would erupt, shot the trio a glance of burning contempt; proof that although he had protected them, he was no friend. 
 
Slowly pushing into the barracks, the wood-reinforced granite gave way to a rustic wooden interior; with a few guards lounging around and the fat Sheriff half-turned to the wall behind his desk, scotch in hand, grasping his other beefy hand on top of his chair. He turned incredulously to the trio as they entered. Remus, feigning confidence, proclaimed, ‘We have captured the knave, to be delivered to justice’. Remus was worried, glancing at Elaina. She seemed calm, but Remus guessed she was internally just as scared of a violent outcome. 
 
He was a decent warrior and Elaina had powers, but the dozen guards could easily overwhelm them. Holding a hand to halt the guards, the Sherriff lumbered over, a consternated look on his face. Grabbing Weylin, he pushed him farther into the room away from Remus’s grasp, facing the other wall. A heavy punch to the back of the head floored Weylin, impacting with a solid thwack. Guards swarmed the unconscious young man, binding him with chains. Several guards moved behind the Sheriff, facing Remus and Elaina, hands on blades. 
 
The Sheriff spoke, ‘And just how did you folks find this knave, quicker than any of the searching townsfolk or guards, who, by and by, started looking before you?’ ‘Because we have more matter between our ears’ intoned Elaina uncharacteristically. Wincing, Remus added, ‘I often venture into the forest for my…’ he let his voice trail off, aware of the contempt the locals had for his lore-gathering. ‘Elaina and I are familiar with the powers of Touched, Elaina by virtue of being one, and I by my receptivity to acquiring information. Our skills could find this criminal faster than any others’ he spoke, emphasizing the word ‘criminal’. 
 
‘And I suppose you couldn’t have aided the search teams instead of venturing off alone?’ The Sheriff’s question was partly rhetorical, as the man had enough common sense to realize why that would not work. ‘The people of this fine town are not accepting of people they do not understand. Their fury at Weylin would have led them to massacre him on the spot rather than bring him here to face our justice’, responded Remus acerbically. 
 
By now Weylin was locked in a wall-adjacent jail cell, still in chains and comatose. The Sherriff really wasn’t much more tolerant than the average resident, but he had a decent dollop of common sense and realized that Remus and Elaina had a more law-abiding history than many more well-liked townspeople did. He also knew he would not have to worry about them causing trouble… any sign of that, and the mob would have their way. Smirking at them knowingly, the Sherriff spoke ‘Get out’ and turned around, instructing his men. The duo did not need a second invitation to leave. 
 
* * *
 
As they sipped Duusil tea, Elaina noticed Remus was more bitter than usual. He had been rambling about how close they were to death at the hands of the ignorant peasants at all times, and how ungrateful their fellow townspeople were for their efficient capture of the fugitive. ‘Cheer up, Reym’ Elaina said, using her unwelcome moniker for him, ‘We caught the man, averting a disaster. Some people will realize that we mean to help. It is like water chipping at a mountain, slow but sure’. Seeing that her words had no effect, her eyes lit up with intrigue. ‘I think perhaps tonight you should see another side of the town. There are a few friends of mine I wish to introduce to you, Reym. We can celebrate our success with them’. Queries garnered no new information from Elaina, so after the tea she led Remus from his house. She walked to the edge of the town, along a lonely meadow. 
 
They walked through a large rocky outcropping on the east edge of the meadow, the lanky Remus stumbling occasionally. The outcropping was wide-spread, made of scattered rocks, pebbles and boulders; and it curved back and forth to the East. Remus made no more complaints, being intensely curious, but was still reassured by his friend’s easy smile. The night was one of wild beauty, chirping insects accompanying the soft blue darkness; the rolling meadows behind them contrasting with the rocky area ahead. In one alcove formed by boulders, the light of a campfire greeted them, as did the sight of humans robed in green and white. They were dancing around the fire, sprinkling herbs and powder into it and singing joyfully. The genuine elation in their voices surprised Remus. 
 
At their approach the robed individuals looked their way, startled. Remus recognized the faces, this handful of people were residents of High Peaks! ‘Witches’, Elaina explained to Remus out of the side of her mouth, though that word did little to ease his curiosity. He knew Feykind had magic powers, as did humans who were born Touched, but surely there could not be this many in their town? ‘Greetings, Elaina’ one man intoned, voice betraying a hint of unease as he glanced at her companion. ‘Peace be with you, Ardharwin. Remus is a friend, he will not betray you to the townspeople’. They pondered this hesitantly then gradually brightened, nodding their heads. 
 
‘You too know the sting of prejudice, Remus, though you maintain your aloof air’, said the man called Ardharwin, who had pulled his hood down. He was a slightly plump yet energetic man, kind oblong face framed by a soft, drooping moustache and bearded chin. ‘I will gain nothing by telling the townspeople of your… rituals, I will not betray you’, responded Remus sincerely. Elaina joined in the soon-resumed dancing with ease, Remus sitting down and partaking of the meal laid out by the campfire; sitting close to a Witch in order to not seem aloof. The Witch was eating of the meal and smiled at Remus; who recognized her as the town wool-man’s daughter. He looked around, not seeing the wool-man. So these few people routinely hide from the rest of the townspeople, in order to partake secretly of their nature rituals? 
 
A good decision, mused Remus, as they would be accused of being evil magicians in short order. But, did they really have powers? Remus was treated callously by the local people, but looking back, the local people by the campfire were people who had treated him relatively decently around the town in the past. ‘Hello’, Remus greeted the wool-mans’ daughter. Smiling wittily, the golden-locked, wan woman said ‘Good of you to join us, Remus. We have not talked much before, but my name is Melisahn’. 
 
Breathing the fresh air and taking in the view, Remus queried, ‘What is this ritual you are performing? I had no idea some of the townspeople were engaged in…’ Remus caught Elaina glancing at him in mock-annoyance at his inquisitiveness. The words caught in his throat at something else, too. Elaina cast an exquisite figure dancing in the circle, slender limbs and blue-streaked flax hair glowing; her face haunting. It disturbed his sense of place to view his oft-reluctant friend in this light. 
 
Melisahn was responding to his question, so he turned his attention to her. ‘We treasure the world around us, the natural world. We believe humankind does not have to be at war with the mystical forces here, we should embrace them. We have no… direct powers, which is what you were asking at, but we yearn for a day when our fellows would be more enlightened’. 
 
‘Many forces of Feykind attack and hurt humans. What is your opinion of this?’ Remus challenged. 
 
‘Nature would not fight with us so much, if we could find a way to communicate with these forces’. 
 
Remus nodded reluctantly, holding back his retorts. Smirking dryly he asked ‘And what are your thoughts on me, am I enlightened? I do search for knowledge in my own way’. She replied ‘Your method of ‘searching’ is cold, clinical. We have all seen you wandering about, penning in a tome. It is nothing by itself, you see, except acquiring information. It can be used for good, or…’ her voice trailed off as she chewed the leg of bird in her hand. 
 
The rest of the evening saw him observing passively, yet contentedly. Elaina chatted easily with the Witches, who, as the night wore on, had the weary apprehensiveness of the mundane life they must rejoin very soon. Questioned about the incident that occurred in High Peaks that morning, they spoke of sympathy for the girl; who was recovering. A few spoke spitefully of Weylin, but did not make the usual slander the other townspeople would, at the Touched of the world. Elaina seemed to be held in very high esteem by these individuals. 
 
Remus began to piece these events together. This was certainly a side of the town he had not seen, a secret faction so to speak. They would meet every week or two, and on special occasions; and they passed secret messages to members of their order during daytime hours. Besides that, no mention was made of the meetings during their normal life, no conversation had between members besides the talk of normal town life. On the appointed meeting nights, they would either sneak out or make excuses for leaving. Travelling at night was dangerous, but could arguably be unavoidable in certain trades. Remus and Elaina left as soon as the meeting was dying down. The brandy-haired man had a contented and long night’s sleep, as did Elaina in her house.
 
CHAPTER 3
 
                                                                
The next day Remus and Elaina spent indoors, meeting at Remus’s house. Peering out the window every now and then, it was obvious that the peasants were still testy from the previous day’s events. The pair were determined to keep a low profile for the next couple of days, and to recover from their trek through the woods. Over Duusil tea and baked bread with eggs, Remus queried Elaina about her history with the Witches. She said she had run into one of their meetings years ago, and had kept it from Remus because she did not want to make life in High Peaks even more complex for him. 
 
She reasoned that if he followed his characteristic desire to study the Witches and their beliefs, he could inadvertently get them and himself in dire straits. To the crafty young man, it was obvious her involvement with them was a little more developed, but he let it go for now. Remus noted the irony that his knowledge of the Witches actually made him less sure of his position in the world, as now he could not compartmentalize all of the townsfolk in one category. 
 
That day of rest was all that they got, for they woke up the next morning to a ruckus around town. Strapping on basic equipment, they walked down the road; crisp grass cracking under their feet in the grey pre-dawn. Groups of people seemed to be talking and shouting in panic, but before they could analyze the scene, an explosion of activity to the side alerted them to danger. A group of three peasants rushed them, two armed with rusty yet wicked swords, one with a nasty sickle. Their posture and clenched jaws made it obvious the day would see fatalities, not discussion. Neither Remus or Elaina were real warriors, the sudden adrenaline of impending combat terrified them and set them back on their heels. Two of the men attacked Remus, one of them heading for Elaina. 
 
Unbuckling and raising his hand axe in one motion, Remus deflected the vicious, inward curving jab of the first attacker’s sword. His second assailant dashed to Remus’ left, swooping back in to Remus with a two-handed, sideways sweep of his sickle. Remus shoved the first attacker with his shoulder, breaking the sparking deadlock of axe and blade. As the sickle homed in Remus kicked out with his right leg, connecting on the second attacker’s left knee. Using that stance for balance, Remus swung his hand axe at the man’s left arm, catching it just before the elbow prior to the sickle landing. Gasping in pain, the young man, who was probably still a teenager, retreated. Remus had not swung with full strength, trying to avoid a fatal brawl, but the axe had cut deep in the arm, and the bruised skin around the cut belied the crushing damage. His sickle hung in his retracted right arm. 
 
Remus risked a look at Elaina. She was dodging swipes of her burly attacker’s sword, her form was blurred and impossibly fast. The man seemed to be slowing in his attacks, and a thin layer of frost seemed to be growing on his clothes and head. He fell to his knees, breath coming out in clouds, drool slipping out of his mouth and freezing into tiny icicles on his jaw. Aware that she had the situation in hand, Remus quickly snapped back to his own predicament. 
 
The two men had regrouped, fiercer than ever. ‘Wait!’ Remus yelled, ‘What provoked this? I do not wish for anyone to die!’ ‘Murdering freak!’ one of the men yelled. Remus’s face contorted in confusion, but he had seen the same expressions the men bore on their faces, before. They would not listen to reason, they had decided it was just to murder he and Elaina- what event had affected these ignorant folk to take this action would have to be discovered later. 
 
Remus had survived a few skirmishes with animals, minor Fey and humans before; and had practiced and studied fighting by himself erratically. Lacking real combat experience and expert training, he was no weapons master, but a decent fighter nonetheless. Against two crude peasants, the confrontation could go either way.  Remus tightened his grip on the hand axe in his right hand, and slipped his left hand to the hidden net tucked under his belt. The cretin with the sickle advanced slowly towards Remus directly, while the other man circled around. They were trying to flank him. If he was attacked from front and behind one of the two would end up skewering him. 
 
Remus went on the attack, swinging his hand axe in a downward arc at the sword-wielder’s neck, this time fighting to kill. The man deflected with raised sword, and Remus used the momentum to launch a backhanded swing. The man barely managed to dodge the attack by shifting left. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw the other man readying for a swing. Remus quickly launched the net at the oncoming man with his left hand, it expanded as it went, tangling him. Turning back to his engaged target, Remus’ right arm had continued with the momentum of his missed swing, and Remus reversed his grip and brought the axe in a sidelong swing; right to left at the vulnerable man. The axe bit deep, just under the man’s kidney. Blood burst forth and the man screamed, dropping and squirming.
 
 Lifting his axe and taking a breath, Remus failed to notice the other man throw off the net in a fit of furious activity. As Remus turned he was face to face with the charging man, whose skinny face was etched with fury. He swung the sickle extremely fast, fury guiding swing after vicious swing. Remus managed to dodge most of the attacks, but one attack landed; the curving blade penetrating his leather armour and slicing into Remus’s stomach. Remus yelped in sharp agony, maintaining enough sense of mind to heft his axe. A dull whistle sounded and Remus felt a breeze, as the young man was blown six feet to the right, clothes and hair flying wildly. The man would take time to recover from Elaina’s well-aimed gust of wind, and Remus intended to take advantage of it.
 
Rushing over, he kicked the sickle out of the boy’s hand, then hefted the boy; walking a few steps before rolling him unceremoniously down the rough-hewn path into town. People were staring or running away, and Elaina was running over to Remus; her assailant lying flat on his face behind her. ‘Palrinah’s wrath’ Elaina cursed, getting a good glimpse at the jagged cut on his stomach. Remus began to feel how severe the wound was, feeling a lack of breath or movement. He sat on the ground cross-legged, and let Elaina weave her spell of healing. Reciting words that sounded truly beautiful, she moved her hands over the wound. Remus’s pain doubled, but it was a purifying pain. Soon, looking down, he saw the wound had slightly closed and narrowed, the bleeding dramatically slowed. A cold burn inside his gut told him no infection would spread. 
 
Standing up gingerly, he looked at Elaina. She had a minor nick on her right shoulder, otherwise was fine. The lummox must have managed to scratch her whilst she was dodging. While Elaina was bandaging his wound, he reached for a strip of gauze. Despite her protestations, he bandaged her shoulder. Both friends stabilized, they realized some groups of peasants still stared, wild-eyed. The teenager had long ago run off, the other had died of his wound. The large man who attacked Elaina was dead and pale, as if his blood had been frozen internally. Elaina, as a Touched, could utilize both the forces of water and wind. 
 
Remus glanced at Elaina with new-found respect, but she just stared at the corpse with a look of shamed sorrow on her face. They were justified in defending themselves, but Remus had to admit he felt rotten for hacking one man to death… these were normal people who were just scared at the unknowns in the world. Wrapping his arm around Elaina’s shoulder, he decided they must continue on and uncover what had triggered the commotion this morning. Obviously the people were scared and wrathful because of what happened with Weylin, adding to their initial hatred of outcasts. But it did not explain why the three random peasants were inspired to try to kill them. 
 
‘What happened here?’ Remus and Elaina barked at the gawking peasants, ‘What is going on?’ One bitter man replied resolutely, ‘Missionaries from Telruth were supposed to arrive this morning, from the Steelwielders. They have not. We also found a young child… dead in the woods this morn. We don’t know whose son it is, but we know this is evil fey work! The Touched devil should have been killed, along with ye who associate with him!’
 
The gravity of the death hit the two like a load of bricks, overriding their usual sense of disgust at the peasant’s ignorance. Remus and Elaina backed off to discuss the issue. ‘A child dead, and a missing caravan’ whispered Elaina. Remus confirmed what they both knew, ‘We have to make sure this ends well… as well as possible, lest the townspeople get afflicted with even greater paranoia’. Although most horrific, there was nothing they could do to save the deceased child now, so it was decided they should go aid the missing caravan, whose members may still be alive. With a quick inspection to make sure their wounds had not reopened, they set off on the main road in the direction of Telruth. The main road began on the outskirts of High Peaks. They passed a few locals combing through the woods, but soon they were alone, walking on the side of the road. Elaina queried ‘How did this child die? Could it have been-’, ‘Wild animals, forest fever, thirst. It could have been many things Elaina, there is no indication that it was Fey’. Elaina’s quizzical expression held more questions than answers. 
 
After some passage of time, they began to hear faint sounds… sounds of battle, from beyond a curve in the road. Glancing at each other, they ran around the bend to view a chaotic scene. An upturned wagon was the centerpiece of a contested fight between a band of humans and dwarves. Dwarves… out in the open! The humans, dressed in sensible outfits of chain link, swatted and thrust at the oncoming dwarves with short pikes. The exception was one finely dressed human crouched behind the wagon with a bow, standing up periodically to launch an arrow at the dwarves. 
 
The dwarves were a blur, torchlight briefly illuminating bestial snarls on their faces as they rushed the humans from of the darkness of the forest. The creatures would rush, impossibly fast, towards the men and women, only to be deflected or parried by a weapon. They would scurry forward into the foliage on the other side of the road, with a few jumping back to cover or seemingly disappearing into the darkness. Tense moments later, they would launch another strike, the beleaguered humans beset on both sides by sporadic terror. One man lay dead, caked in blood. 
 
Remus and Elaina saw the inopportune fate that occurred to one man who failed to deflect a dwarf’s charge. The dwarf rushed, attacking his leg, snapping bone with an audible crack. The man yelled but managed to shift his weight off his broken shin bone, in order to maintain the loose semicircle formation the men had formed. Remus was not sure whether the dwarves attacked with their club-like arms, sometimes thinking he could see crude, jagged weapons in their arms. Elaina acted first, enacting a cloud of frost centered on the dwarves, slowly freezing their very life. Remus wondered for a second whether they should take any side, but snapped out of it and ran at the dwarves. Reaching into a pocket, he threw a cloud of steel caltrops in the ground between the caravan and the dwarves on both sides; hefting his hand axe as he ran.
 
The deadly fracas continued, Elaina maintaining the spell on the hard-to-pin dwarves, and Remus struggling to sight targets long enough to chop at them. Eventually, the dwarves starting slowing slightly, due to the enchanted frost permeating them, and one or two stumbled on the caltrops, losing the focus of their charge and enabling the wagoners to stab them more easily. One dwarf was down and twitching, others showed scratches, wounds and a protruding arrow or two. 
 
The Fey regrouped, most launching themselves straight at the wagoners, this time engaging in melee and not backing off into the caltrop field. The longer reach of the humans clashed with the fierceness of the dwarves, resulting in a bloody drawn-out battle that saw lines of blood stain the toppled canvas wagon-cover under their feet. At least one dwarf headed for Remus, and the man soon saw the wisdom of the wagoner’s polearms. Remus’ hand axe was a sidearm, he could never afford or bother to purchase a proper military weapon. He desperately launched sweeps of his axe to fend off the dwarf and its wicked looking weapon. Eyes like red darts of light and hot breath bored into his face from the dwarf fighter, a nightmare become real. Elaina’s second spell snapped off branches of surrounding trees and sent them dancing around the dwarves, occasionally lining up to smash into one’s back or skull. 
 
It was a deadlock. Eventually the dwarves would, hopefully, perish from the ongoing magic attacks; but the dwarves might overrun the humans and hack them to pieces before that happened. A tremendous bang and a flash, caught everyone’s attention, followed by a smell of chemicals. One of the humans held a large, complex device in his hand, vaguely reminiscent of a crossbow. Smoke drifted up from its muzzle. A dwarf lay splattered against a tree, a gory wound in its chest. The Fey ran off into the woods, morale broken. Soon there was no trace of them, apart from the havoc wreaked. ‘Had to find the right moment, to get sight of the beast’, the man huffed. 
 
He was a large, grey-haired man with noble features and prominent brow; dressed in the same chain link outfit as the others. Remus approached the man, musing that he must have drawn the device from the wreckage of the wagon… unless he had stored the instrument on his person. Elaina approached hesitantly, mistrust showing plain on her features. The grey-haired man approached, with a broad smile and extended hand, ‘Albertus, Albertus Hinntharo. You two young folks just saved our hides, I would wager’. Remus introduced himself and Elaina. ‘High Peaks must be close by, permit me to pack up what we can, then I would be obliged if you would show us the way… Remus’. Bandages and splints were improvised, a few spilt supplies gathered. The fancily dressed man had stood up and shouldered his bow, his fair face and features belied his Norlathan heritage. Two caravan guards were dead, Albertus and his comrades inspecting their bodies somberly to see if they still drew breath. There was nothing they could do for them at this moment; their bodies would be retrieved for burial once the surviving members were healed and out of danger. Soon the ragtag band headed back to town, Remus and Albertus at the lead; and Elaina imparting minor healing magicks and support to the wounded as they walked. 
 
‘So Remus, what do you do for a living, when you are not saving foolish old travelers like myself?’ Remus thought a bit then spoke, ‘I am a woodcutter, of sorts, but I have other interests. Tell me, what is that device you carry?’ Albertus smiled as they walked, boots crunching the green-orange leaves that littered the road. ‘That is my Arquebus, an ingenious new kind of crossbow that fires bullets. Not the bullets you would use in a sling, but steel ones. Powered by mechanisms and alchemical reactions, the bullet is launched with tremendous force. It is merely one of the new artifacts the Steelwielders have started manufacturing’.
 
 ‘I know a bit about the Steelwielders’ Remus spoke, stopping to glance behind to make sure Elaina was alright, ‘but do tell me more’. The man responded immediately, apparently used to discussing his creed, even in the middle of a forest. ‘The Steelwielders are a nation-spanning group, we are dedicated to helping humanity survive and prosper in these harsh times. Using our science and inventions we can tame the natural world and the wild forces therein’. 
 
‘What if the natural world does not wish to be tamed, good Albertus? Also, are you sure ‘tamed’ is the most accurate word?’ intoned the feminine voice of Elaina. She was stealthy, Remus smirked, having thought she was a few paces behind. Albertus’ eyes steeled to one of resoluteness, although he seemed to still be in a genial mood, ‘Tell that to the men, women and children who are cursed, killed or abducted by these ‘natural forces’ every year, Madam’. Tension was as thick as oxen cheese for many moments, before Albertus spoke again, ‘Remus, I have told you about myself and what I do. Please elaborate about what you do, you did not tell me the whole story’. 
 
‘Apart from my woodcutting, I also… research lore on the side. This does not make me popular in the town, as you can imagine’ Remus admitted. 
 
‘Ah, but knowledge is our salvation, how can the townsfolk resent this activity? What kind of lore do you collect?’
 
 ‘Well, anything- plants, stories, information about creatures, magick-’, Remus cut himself off, seeing a crestfallen and disturbed look on Albertus’ face at the mention of magick. Arriving in town, the band was given lodging and the wounded medical aid. As the bulk of the group wandered off, Remus gave a nod of farewell to Elaina as she sauntered off, her ponderous gaze lingering on Remus and his partner in conversation. Albertus turned to Remus, ‘I owe you a favour, young man, my life, in fact. Although a shot from the arquebus ended the fight, without you and your friend they never would have ran, until we all lay dead!’ 
 
Albertus went on, ‘I admire your thirst for knowledge, and would like to present you with a gift. Hopefully it will set your curiosity on the right path, and away from dark knowledge and magick’. He slowly presented the arquebus to Remus, pouch of ammunition slung off it. Remus accepted the gift with a curt nod and a profound thanks. He stopped to place the ammo pouch in his backpack, noticing the straps had come a little loose during the battle. As the sun set and the adventure reached its conclusion, Remus headed back to his cabin, hoping Elaina would decide to pay him a surprise visit. He needed the company of an old friend.
 
*  *  *
 
Jabghar slowly crept through the underbrush, eyes skittering back and forth. Yes, this was the place where the unnatural weapon had been used. Bah, if his fellow dwarves had stuck it out they could have overcome the humans. Stepping on to the road, Jabghar sniffed and surveyed the upturned caravan. He had been sent here to scavenge any useful supplies, but he was curious about this weapon. The reports stated that one human used some kind of magic, involving mastery of frost. But that was rubbish, the savages could not master arcane lore, it must have been dwarvish misinterpretation of human technology. Jabghar despised the human technology as much as any dwarf, but knew they had to study it in order to learn to master it. He was not too popular as a result of this inclination.
 
 Yes, there was the smell of alchemy in the air. Moving through the blood and corpses, Jabghar rummaged through some crates; wherein he found books written in human scribble and some basic supplies. Pocketing some food, he resumed his search. Hmm… near the side of the road was another book, this one a thick tome of parchment. It looked different from the others. Flipping through it necessitated sitting down first, in order to heft the large book. Jabghar, aware of the danger that humans may soon appear to bury the dead and recover supplies, tried to be brief in his inspection of the book. He saw scribbles in the human language, then… pictures of plants and fey monsters. 
 
What was this? Flipping pages some more, he was astonished to find samples of dwarvish and elven letters! Crude samples, not all accurate, but how? Was there a human out there studying the Fey? Jabghar’s common sense told him to not waste any more time, and he scurried away, the book in hand. There were possibilities indeed, Jabghar thought with a malicious grin. Deep possibilities. The dwarves could feed information and power to this curious human, in exchange for his… ‘habras’. Habras was the dwarven word for loyalty, but to those who spoke the dwarven tongue it really meant service, someone to use against your enemies.
 
* * *
 
As Remus entered his front yard he spied Elaina in his doorstep along with the garishly dressed bowman from the caravan, and they seemed to be chatting amiably. Elaina’s smile disappeared as she saw the arquebus Remus was carrying, obviously aware that he had been gifted it by Albertus and not happy about the presence of the weapon. She shook her head and said ‘Remus, this is Perfidian, our friend from the caravan’. The young blond man sprung up, clasping Remus’ hand. ‘Let me introduce myself. Perfidian Lefoudraye, travelling bard and minstrel! I booked passage with those dour Steelwielder folks in order to experience the sights and sounds of Corsen, and where better to start my journey than a typical small village. No doubt you have an abundance of fine folk tales here. But in all seriousness… I would not be alive and well if it were not for you two, and I thank you, Remus’. 
 
Remus just continued on into his house, then stopped before he closed the door. Turning around he managed a weak smile and said ‘Elaina… Perfidian, why don’t you both come in?’ Elaina’s ministrations had worked some positive impact on him, he mused; and the young woman’s beaming smile showed that she was thinking the same thing.
 
 The trio was soon sitting at the table sipping Duusil tea, and Remus went to fetch some edibles. He brought his backpack to the pantry to unpack his supplies, then froze… He could not see his Lore book. The one he always brought with him to record any new knowledge he might acquire on the road. Searching through the bag frantically, it was obvious it was not present. He remembered finding the straps on his backpack loose after the fray. He gasped in panicked despair, grasping his hair. The book must have fallen out during the battle!
 
CHAPTER 4
 
 
Elaina learned a lot more about the situation in the town while Remus was out searching for his book, with Perfidian accompanying her. Remus had hurriedly explained that he had lost his Lore book, and had rushed back to the battle scene in the wilderness to try and find it as quickly as possible. The worried Elaina had unsuccessfully tried to persuade Remus to let her accompany him, but he insisted he could focus better on the task if he went alone. Elaina had thoroughly asked Albertus and his people about the book, and none of them had picked it up; but one remembered seeing a strange book lying near the scene. 
 
With nothing left to do until Remus returned, they had a rather unpleasant encounter with the Sherriff and his goons, who had made a point to show up heavily armed to ask about the dead townspeople. They knew very well that the battle was forced upon Elaina and Remus, witnesses attested to that, too frightened to lie. People would leave them alone, but Elaina never recalled the town feeling so unwelcome. 
 
Elaina, Perfidian in tow, sat in the grass within eyeshot of Remus’ cabin, speaking to a townsperson who was also a member of the Witches coven. The townsperson helpfully explained the fitful events of the day, while outwardly affecting an annoyed, distrusting attitude. It was possible for members of the coven to help each other publicly, as long as there was a satisfactorily cynical and pragmatic reason that could be invented when queried by the other townspeople about their interaction with the outcasts. This particular member would claim that she was merely trying to deflect any further violence by the ‘dangerous’ duo of Elaina and Remus, by explaining why everyone in town was so angry at them today. She described how a young child of the town was found dead in the forest that day. 
 
Elaina and Remus had briefly heard about this grim event earlier on in the day, before they had begun their search for the Steelwielder missionaries.  Elaina and Perfidian were shaken and horrified when they learnt the grim details: the child was found torn into pieces, limbs spread over the thick forest floor. It was easy to imagine how this discovery, combined with the attack on the Steelwielder pilgrims, and with the cattle massacre still in people’s minds, created the dangerous psychosis that they experienced today. Elaina was no admirer of the dwarves or of other Fey, their seemingly heartless behaviour never sitting well with her. But… tearing a child apart? She asked the woman if the details were perhaps exaggerated, but no, she was assured that they were not. 
 
Additionally, the townsperson evinced her belief that an angry mob was being formed to potentially launch an attack on the dwarves. She stated that he saw groups of men shouting angry words and arming themselves. This news alarmed the listeners. ‘A war between men and dwarves will not lead to anything good’, understated Perfidian. ‘All the situations in history where this happened resulted in long, bitter, terrifying and protracted fighting’. Elaina nodded her agreement, ‘We will wait until Remus returns and make a plan, we cannot even think of letting a full-blown war occur!’ The conversation subdued, the two individuals worrying about the potential consequences of recent events for the people of High Peaks.
 
Elaina and the bard sat in silence long after the townswoman left on her own business. Elaina’s musing was interrupted by Perfidian, ‘I would like to thank you for your use of magic during the battle, Elaina. A lot of good men were saved who would otherwise have perished’. She nodded, and he went on. ‘It can’t be easy for a Touched in this town… I also saw the way you were looking at Albertus, you’re not too fond of the Steelwielders, are you?’ he asked gently. 
 
Elaina pondered that question, ‘They’re so focused on their ideals, they don’t think about the consequences of what they’re doing. Look at that implement they used today-’
 
‘You mean the one that won the battle?’ Perfidian interrupted ironically. Elaina’s eyes flashed with mild reproach as she continued, ‘Imagine what greater contraptions they are going to impose on the world over time. What uncontrolled damage could they cause? I suppose they are no different than the Church of St. Lusian, or any of those other groups’. 
 
They sat in silence for a while, and Elaina queried ‘Tell me more about yourself, you said you were a travelling bard?’ Perfidian smiled and brightened up, brushing dirt off his fancy clothes, ‘Perfidian Lefoudraye, bard, author and amateur playwright, at your service!’ he exclaimed wryly, before commenting further. ‘I realized one day I needed to make a living somehow, and instead of wading knee-deep in cow dung and mud, or standing over a fire pit making tools, I decided to follow what I always loved: dance, song, and the other arts. I particularly am fascinated with the folk arts of Corsen. I’ve composed a few plays and attempted a few manuscripts, but mostly I perform at taverns or town squares for a few coins. Naturally I need to travel to keep my material fresh’.  
 
‘I suppose High Peaks is as good as any town?’ Elaina asked dryly, with Perfidian nodding in response. If there was a specific reason he was here, which there may not be, she would have to learn that later. Assuming they continued to talk, that was. Elaina had to remind herself that although it was hard for her to make friends in the town, Perfidian was a traveler and could be gone in as soon as a few days.
 
Elaina thought of what the near future would bring. She and Remus would have to do something about the current set of events. Their lives had been relatively comfortable, for outcasts, with the supernatural Fey elements of the surrounding wilderness just intruding in the lives of the townspeople now and then, and causing temporary furors. But the concurrent cluster of events that had occurred recently, were not something they could wait out. Elaina was not sure what she could do, but she must user her powers to do something, after what had happened to the child. The more cynical Remus would be convinced of the reality that they must act for their own self interest at the very least.
 
Quite soon, Remus’ figure appeared, striding towards his cabin. Elaina and Perfidian caught up to him and she inquired earnestly about the whereabouts of his book. He shook his head, the disembodied expression on his face matching his voice. ‘It was not there, I searched the whole site’. 
 
‘Knowledge lost can always be regained’, Perfidian piped in, then quieted down after the expressions the two shot him. Elaina filled in Remus about what she had learned from the townsperson, how the gruesome nature of the child’s death, combined with the missing missionaries, led to the attack on them that morning. 
 
Remus blanched at the details, and the confirmation of the rumour they had heard that morning. She gingerly informed him of the possible impending attack on the dwarves by the angry mob. He felt dumbstruck and helpless at the escalation of negative events. Perfidian, sensing the duo needed a private moment, excused himself, saying he would try to ease spirits in the town with his music, and perhaps sing the praises of the two outcasts who had aided in the battle against the dwarves. Elaina shot him an appreciative look before he turned and left.
 
Remus paced in his doorway, more agitated than Elaina could remember seeing him. ‘Perhaps it won’t make a difference that my book is lost, it never did any good’, Remus stated bitterly. ‘But what else can they expect me to do, besides research the world? There’s nothing else I can…’, he trailed off. Elaina put a reassuring hand on his shoulder, sensing how frustrated he was. His book of lore and research was the only thing that gave him a feeling of control over the world, Elaina realized, and now not only did it fail to prevent any of the horrific events of the preceding days, but it was also lost. 
 
‘Remus, we need to do something. The townspeople are going to implode upon each other, finding people to blame for the events. More townspeople and travelers might go missing. The rumours of a full blown war with the dwarves are too troubling to ignore. We need to try and find and kill whatever did this’, she implored, referring to the dead child, ‘And find out what we can do to… negotiate a truce. There is no way we can fight this enemy that we do not understand’. Remus nodded at her logic, adding ‘A traditional offering of peace that our ancestors used to give to the dwarves was a slab of freshly smoked meat, and a pouch of refined salt. If we… come across the dwarves, this may come in handy’. Elaina smiled at the increasing confidence in his voice. ‘I may remember some basic ways to communicate with the dwarves, though I cannot guarantee they will work’ adumbrated Remus. 
 
The routine of getting ready for travel was one the duo were used to by now, the difference was the smoked meat and salt they had to acquire and pack, and the extra weapons they brought. Remus found a spot for his arquebus, stringing it across his back and strapping the ammunition pouch on his side. The intangible difference was the knowledge that this journey was the most uncertain one they had undertaken. They were not venturing to capture a dangerous criminal, or find out what happened to a missing caravan, they were trying to bring a very explosive situation to a peaceful resolution. 
 
What would they do, assuming they even could find the notoriously tricky dwarves? Would they fight back and try to scare them? Wouldn’t they be ripped apart and outnumbered? Would they try to negotiate with them using the remnants of Remus’ erratic research, that is, the parts that he actually managed to remember? Elaina knew that Remus had no answers, not any more than she did. They both knew, however, that they must do something. Elaina mused that she and Remus had, perhaps, become like the adventurers in those old stories he collected, without even knowing it!
 
 
* * *
 
GorNu’Set sat on a stunted stalagmite in the sleeping cavern, trying to feign concern as pandemonium broke out around him. Boruggh had escaped! The insane and freakishly large dwarf had been locked up in heavy chains for most of his life, in a small chamber. He was vicious, bloodthirsty and without any kind of respect or comprehension of the edicts. He had previously killed and tortured both dwarves and humans, resulting in him being restrained permanently. The Clanhome was scrambling to find and restrain Boruggh, and some scouts had set out already. Nobody would suspect GorNu’Set of loosening the massive shackles that restrained the beast. 
 
No, not after the successful curse that GorNu’Set had put upon the humans. GorNu’Set had loosened the shackles just before one of Boruggh’s routine outdoor excursions, the brute consequently escaped from his shackles and overpowered his heavily armed escort; scampering into the woods. With the ensuing chaos, there was an opportunity for advancement. There always was.
 
GorNu’Set sprang up, getting his weapons. Dorbuuk had ordered roughly half the dwarves to search for Boruggh, with the other half reluctantly taking on guard duty. It would be conspicuous for GorNu’Set to volunteer for guard duty and stay behind, because nobody did. The dwarves who were ordered to stay back lamented the fact they could not participate in the hunt. He shook his head, dark thoughts swirling. That’s how it was, the dwarves would spend their whole lives serving their King. If there was a dwarf who was more worthy or clever than the others, like himself, there was no reward other than temporary praise, if that. He still slept in a single fur blanket, lined up to sup at meal time, and had precious few metals and gems for himself- with most treasures being given to the Clanhome’s coffers. 
 
GorNu’Set smiled as he pocketed his favourite blade. This incident should spark a real war between the dwarves and the human scum… no more big speeches by the King, no more outdated edicts. If his ambitions could not be satiated, at least he would have some fun. And perhaps there would be profit to be had amidst the conflict. Venturing outside the Clanhome entrance, he joined the closest hunting party of dwarves, running through the forest in the impossibly fast manner that only Feykind was capable of. 
 
The three dwarves in the group glanced over their shoulders at him and nodded, happy to have another blade. GorNu’Set crinkled his nose at the rotting smells of the forest. Dwarves much preferred running on rocky, dry ground- but unfortunately much of the surface was covered in pungent trees and foliage. It was part of Feykind as much as the Stone was, but was more the domain of the Elves.
 
The group ran on until a sight stopped them in their tracks. Ahead lay four dwarves, at least one seemed to be dead and the others were injured. GorNu’Set’s party rushed ahead, moving slowly because of a wet, muddy patch in between them and the group. Dwarves lost a lot of their speed and strength around water, particularly the wet, fungal water of the forest. Normally dwarves would maneuver around wet ground, but the alarmed hunting party paid it no heed. One member of the ill-fated hunting party looked up pleadingly as GorNu’Set’s group approached. He shook his head, panting. ‘This wasn’t Borrugh’s doing. We… were on his trail, he ran north, very… very fast’ the dwarf gasped, pointing north. ‘We pursued, but ran into humans. A band of them, and we sensed more searching the forest. They did this’, his face hardened as he added ‘but we hurt them as well’. 
 
One of GorNu’Set’s party, a dwarf called Retuggio, stroked his dirty beard and asked ‘Could the humans be foolish enough to attack us in retribution for the curse, or our attack on the group of humans travelling to their settlement?’ The injured dwarf shook his head again, ‘We found the body of a human child in our pursuit of Boruggh. Boruggh’s footprints led very close to the human settlement. The child was dismembered’. It dawned on them all what he was saying. Boruggh had killed a human child. The edicts of Eldemon strictly forbade the harming of human children. The humans must have discovered the body before the dwarves did, and were seeking retribution. Though the dwarves were shocked at the killing of the child, their hard hearts felt no pity for the humans, or sympathy for the humans’ anger. If this was war, the dwarves would relish the opportunity to teach the humans some respect. 
 
‘Is it possible to catch Boruggh now?’ GorNu’Set asked, feigning worry. ‘No’, the injured dwarf said, with Retuggio and the other dwarves nodding. ‘We should join with a larger group of dwarves, in case we encounter more humans. Depending on how many humans are traipsing through the forest, perhaps we can then continue our pursuit of Boruggh. But, if it is war they want, then we must prepare’. 
 
* * *
 
Weylin stirred in his cell, feverish. The events of the preceding days and his ill treatment at the hands of the Sheriff’s goons, had taken a toll on his health. He had known for years that he was a cursed Touched, but had tried to hide it from others just as he had tried to convince himself he wasn’t one. That’s why they locked me up, Weylin fumed, because they didn’t understand that he never asked for these powers. Images of recent events flickered through his mind… running through the forest, being ambushed by Remus and Elaina, the two freaks. Now he was one of them, a self-doubting voice told him, but he pushed the thought away.
 
 His memory went back to what happened before that, the incident with Lillian. He had been speaking to Lillian regularly over the last few months, his attraction for the young townswoman growing. He spoke to her frequently, even when she was doing her daily work, and when she was on her family’s land. And she had the nerve to rebuke him, saying he was too possessive and pushing him away when he made his advances.
 
 Possessive! Bah, he could offer her a better life than any of the other peons in this damned town could. His father might only be a small-time farmer like the rest of the people here, but Weylin had a future. He had trained himself in studying the laws of the land, and he had already worked as an unofficial town lawyer for the people of High Peaks. He was often asked to craft legal documents that would hold up to visiting city officials, and he occasionally travelled to the courthouse in Yondern, a large city a few days travel to the north, in order to represent clients- mostly local townspeople having their day in a major court. No… Lillian got what she deserved for being so stupid.
 
Snapping back to the present, he noticed that there were only two guards in the barracks. The Sheriff was absent. It wasn’t unusual for the corpulent Sheriff to take frequent meal breaks, but this was different. The two guards leaned against a wall near the fireplace, halberds resting on the wall, and were chatting excitedly. He stood up, rubbing his eyes to clear his vision, and looked out his window, a hole in the wall crisscrossed by bars. There were groups of people running about, many armed, and he could make out people in the distance, heading towards the forest. Weylin didn’t know what was happening, but it was obvious that something had occurred to whip the town into a frenzy. 
 
Even though he was still groggy, there was an urgent thought burning at the forefront of his mind. He was going to be severely punished for the incident with Lillian. What he did would warrant a greater penalty than mere remuneration or whipping. And, with the fact that he was a Touched, instead of being sent to one of the large city prisons, he could suffer a traditional physical punishment; possibly death. Rotting away for the rest of his life (or a good portion of it) was at the bottom of his list of desirable futures, right along with being executed. But, with the distraction… 
 
He bade his time until meal time. One of the guards unceremoniously filled up a bowl with slop specially ‘cooked’ for the prisoners, and wandered over to Weylin’s cell. Opening the gate, the guard began unlocking the iron handcuffs. To protect against the powers of Touched prisoners, guards would clasp their hands in iron shackles. This would restrict their powers, and prevent them from burning off the shackles.  Weylin wore them all day, except for meal time and when he was permitted to use the chamber pot in his cell. His dignity chafed at the handcuffs as much as his wrists did. He also knew the guards’ metal armour was underlain with a layer of ceramic to protect against the elements- it was a necessary defense against the magick powers of Feykind and the Touched. He did notice the guards had removed their helmets, however.
 
As the guard plonked down the bowl of food, he exited the cell and slammed the cell door shut. He proceeded to raise his halberd in a martial stance, the very sharp tip poking through the bars and inches away from Weylin’s neck. The other guard leveled a crossbow and stood near the cell door. They would wait until he finished eating, and then if Weylin wanted to eat again tomorrow, he would pass the bowl back through the doors. That was the routine. Rubbing his sore wrists, Weylin made a pretense of eating, but out of the corner of his eye he focused on the fireplace against the far wall. Although he could generate fire out of thin air, his powers seemed to give him some control over extant fire as well. 
 
Maintaining his focus on the fireplace through furtive over-the-shoulder glances, he concentrated on the heat. The orange-red heat of flame, the essence of fire. He instinctually grabbed control over a chunk of ash with his magick, an inch long piece of burnt firewood shrouded in flame. He did not so much move the ash, as move the flames surrounding it. Not knowing exactly what he would do with it, he instinctually tried to move the ash near the guards. Maintaining concentration meant turning away from shoving spoons of gruel in his mouth to watch the airborne piece of ash. 
 
‘What’re you looking at, lout!’ one of the guards shouted, clanging his halberd’s axe blade against the bars. ‘Hurry up and eat!’ The chunk of ash was now right behind the heads of the oblivious guards. Weylin darted the chunk of ash in front of them, dangling in front of their eyes. They reacted in surprise, one guard trying to swat it away and the other tightening his grip on his halberd and narrowing his eyes. 
 
He had to be fast! Weylin concentrated with all his might on the piece of ash. He gave up all pretense of eating and began gesturing and chanting instinctually. He imagined the burning ash imploding, its very fiery essence disintegrating. The guard with the halberd knew something was afoot, and had already moved his halberd back for a killing strike, ready to impale the helpless prisoner. 
 
A flash of light, and dozens of orange-hot sparks ensued, as the piece of ash impossibly disintegrated. To Weylin, it was merely a bright light, but the guards were blinded, their eyes seeing nothing but white-hot light. They fumbled and screamed, but no one else was in the barracks to hear them. Weylin grabbed the wooden end of the halberd and pulled in, the already off-balance guard slamming against the cell. He wasn’t hurt, but Weylin could see the key-ring hanging on his belt, within arm’s reach. Weylin grabbed it. Hastily, he unlocked the cell door and rushed out. He had a moment of panic as the guard swung his halberd in Weylin’s direction and the other guard fired his crossbow in the direction of his footsteps.  The bolt whished past a few inches from Weylin’s right ear and slammed into the wall. The guards were trying to feel their way to the door. Not before Weylin. He barreled out of the barracks door, slamming the heavy oak shut behind him. Glancing around, he saw no one close by, only groups of people in the distance. He saw no other guards within proximity. 
 
There was no other choice, he must escape into the wilderness and make his way to another town. He trusted his skill and determination to keep him alive. He ran furiously towards the outskirts of town, with the giddy thrill of a man defying fate. Grabbing a handful of food from an unattended merchant stand, he kept running. There were few people who were close enough to possibly see him, and he easily skirted around them and kept sprinting forward. Towards the edge of the forest. Towards a new future, one he would decide for himself.
 
* * *
 
 It was obvious they were being followed, though Remus and Elaina didn’t know by what. They were miles from High Peaks, and had avoided the gangs of angry peasants, forging their own path towards the dwarven territory- guided by Remus’ skill and Elaina’s magick. Elaina claimed to hear muffled, heavy footsteps and Remus felt the hairs on the back of his neck standing up. Whatever it was, it was larger than a dwarf. Signaling to each other, they drew their weapons and kept an eye out for any movement in their periphery. Long, tense moments passed before it struck.
 
Alerted by Elaina’s yelp of surprise, Remus swung around in time to see a huge bear-like creature charge at them, growling deafeningly. The creature was huge, fur light brown streaked with a dull blue. Around its face were three plates of natural chitin, one on its forehead, and two on its cheeks, flexing around its massive jaw. Remus swung his hand-axe just in time to deflect a savage bite, smashing against the monster’s large teeth. The Feybeast had gotten close enough that Remus could smell the fetid breath of its salivating jaw and see its yellowing fangs. Elaina slammed the end of her quarterstaff on the monster’s back.
 
 The monster charged at Remus and lunged with a thick paw, with the lanky man barely leaping out of the way. He chopped his hand axe into the beast’s thick neck, just behind the forehead plate. It was a devastating blow, but the hardy animal continued its rampage. Elaina focused her powers, condensing and cooling the moisture in the air. Flakes of ice and whirling fog began to form, hovering above her outstretched right arm. A shard of pure, magickally hardened ice formed, hovering above her hand. She willed it forward with tremendous momentum, impaling the side of the creature’s belly and fragmenting. 
 
The creature roared and moved with frightening speed, swiping at Remus’ head with a paw, then leaping into the air at Elaina, maw wide open. The clumsy swipe smashed into a tree near Remus, sending chunks of bark and wood flying. Elaina moved sideways and held out her quarterstaff, the blunt, narrow metal end impaling the creature. The staff did not penetrate very deep, the momentum of the creature causing it to slide off, and Elaina to drop the quarterstaff. Remus lifted his arquebus, aimed the clumsy piece of metal, and fired. 
 
There was a flash and Remus’ arm ached from the energy of the weapon discharging. However, the gun missed, scorching a hole in the forest floor a good foot from the beast, which was at least distracted by the noise. He would need more practice, he realized, as he drew his axe again. He scored hit after hit with his axe on the beast’s back, while Elaina picked up her staff and backed off in one graceful motion. The beast was losing blood, and Elaina carefully circled the beast and smashed it repeatedly with her hard-oak quarterstaff, each blow’s impact enhanced by the power of wind she imbued into the weapon.
 
 Wary of the slowing, yet still vicious beast, they managed to score lethal hits between its face plates, finally slaying it. The massive, hairy Fey lay still on the forest floor in a pool of blood. 
 
‘By Palrinah’s boots, what was that?!’ exclaimed Elaina. Panting, Remus replied, ‘A Morrbeast. I’ve seen it mentioned in a book. By the Hells, I can’t remember the last time I heard about someone encountering one of these’. Elaina bore a troubled look, ‘It must be the expansion of the town that’s causing this’, she said matter-of-factly. ‘We’re awakening these things, just like we’re enraging the dwarves’. She spoke without judgment, and Remus could not argue with her reasoning.
 
They travelled for two more hours, putting distance between themselves and the dead beast. They both were visibly tired, having had a trying day. They settled into a rocky outcropping, starting a small fire and quickly eating their rations and drinking generously from their waterskins. They were too exhausted and stressed to talk, so they slept- Remus taking first watch. He warmed his hands by the fire, staring at the twinkle of stars, hearing the chirps of insects and smelling the rich scents of the wild. He sat in silence during his watch, listening to the noises of the slumbering forest. Time passed like a blur, and soon it was time to wake Elaina. Remus gratefully took his slumber, falling asleep as soon as his face hit the bedroll.
 
Morning cast the forest in a whole new light. Sunlight fell from the heavens, dappling the ground and imbuing the skin with delicious warmth. Woodland critters and birds cavorted and quarreled greedily, and the smile on Elaina’s face showed that she was enjoying the day too. This was still the wilds of Corsen, and at any moment the dangerous forces of Feykind could appear. Wariness was always the order of the day, but that didn’t mean you couldn’t enjoy the beauty that nature provided. ‘That weapon of yours did not function very well, Reym’, Elaina said matter-of-factly, packing her supplies. ‘I don’t like it, it is too reckless… too much raw power without focus’.
 
‘The arquebus may be helpful, these kinds of devices may be necessary if we have to battle the Fey’ Remus responded, helping Elaina pack up their supplies. ‘So what is the plan anyway?’ Remus mused lightheartedly, trying to change the subject. ‘Are you asking for advice?’ Elaina replied mockingly, raising an eyebrow. He did not respond. Elaina spoke, this time seriously, ‘A war between High Peaks and the dwarves will not end well, all the stories about wars with the Fey speak of the resultant horrors. We’ll have to see what we can do’. 
 
Remus replied, ‘If the dwarves did kill the child, diplomacy may not work. I plan on fighting alongside the townsfolk if it comes to that. For all their flaws, they do have reason to be angry’. Elaina found herself nodding, feeling a pang of pain and anger at the death of the youngster. ‘I agree, but maybe we can find whatever did this and kill them. Whatever must be done to prevent a protracted war with the dwarves’.
 
They set off, walking carefully after yesterday’s encounter. Remus and Elaina chatted amiably despite their wariness, they were well-rested and enjoying the sunlight. Autumn was in bloom, and the hardy trees shed yellow and green leaves that crunched under their boots. It was a few hours, as they were nearing what was considered dwarven land, that they were alerted by the smell of acrid smoke. Walking in that direction yielded the sight of a human war party from High Peaks. The local guards and militia seemed to have mobilized fully! There were two dozen men in the group, but sounds of battle and shouts from the distance indicated there were other war bands present. Dear gods, was it possible an all-out war could have started in one day? They wondered if they had underestimated the wrath of their fellow townspeople. 
 
The war-band had a full dozen armoured guards bristling with weaponry, and a dozen militia recruits. War dogs barked and scouted the woods, and two steel ballistae were mounted nearby. Several of the men had bows and crossbows in hand, flaming arrows and bolts loaded. They would fire the dangerous ammunition seemingly randomly into the surrounding forest. Fires and smoke were thick in the air. One particular guard seemed to have the regalia of an officer, and was commanding and hollering at the others. Remus and Elaina drew his attention, and he looked them over suspiciously. ‘You come to join in the fighting?’ he barked, then turned and yelled commands to an unfortunate soldier. ‘How many people are fighting against the dwarves? Under whose order are we fighting?’ Remus queried. 
 
The officer contemplated that for a second and said ‘It was decided yesterday by unanimous approval that we should go to war with the dwarves, in retaliation for the death of Brandon. The attacks on our town were cause enough, but the slaying of a child means war’. Remus mused that Brandon must be the name of the slain child. The officer continued ‘We got about half a dozen other squads like this, and the Sheriff has given his approval for local townspeople to form their own squads to deal with the threat. We’re trying to smoke them out’, he added, pointing over his shoulder, ‘And our dogs are helpin’ us find the dwarves. They’re tricky buggers, but not tricky enough to fool our dogs. We’re hopin’ to find their cave eventually, and deal with this once and for all’. 
 
Remus knew that the ‘unanimous approval’ to launch a full-scale assault on the dwarves would have consisted of the loudest and most influential residents hollering for war against the creatures. The Sheriff had no real way to stop them, and somehow Remus believed that the Sheriff and his men would enjoy an opportunity to test their weapons. As for the Mayor, he was merely a figurehead, representing the status quo of the town. Fighting against Fey was extremely dangerous and a frightening concept, dwarves did not fight as straightforwardly as humans did, and their mindset was alien. Remus saw that reflected in the fear in the eyes of the warriors, hidden beneath their bluster. Remus and Elaina conferred, Elaina’s face pale with anger and disbelief. ‘They have no idea what they’re getting into!’ she fumed, ‘Burning down half the forest will only draw the ire of more powerful enemies!’ Remus nodded, agreeing, but reminded her to focus on what their current plan should be. 
 
There was a gap in the wall of fire and smoke, the archers leaving a path they could use to move forward once they were ready. This war band was trying to scout the dwarves and flush them out, they were playing defensive. Sounds of battle indicated that the fighting had spread to other squads and war bands. Remus and Elaina decided they would skirt around the flame and smoke, moving wide of the war band and continuing deeper into dwarven territory. It seemed a forgone concept that war was afoot, Remus and Elaina decided to find the humans engaged in combat and reinforce them. Diplomacy seemed to be off the table.
 
Skirting through the forest, the sounds of battle and the smells of smoke and magick filled the air. It was not long before they came upon the scene of a battle. Humans, both guards and townspeople, lay slaughtered, their war dogs meeting the same fate. There was only one dead corpse of a dwarf, a stunted looking thing. There were areas of scorched ground and soot, blood and… there was no mistaking it, massive footprints lay plastered in the ground around the battlefield, with indentations indicating claws. Remus and Elaina looked at each other. 
 
This could mean only one thing: the dwarves had summoned Fey beasts. Remus gingerly approached the dead corpse of the dwarf and turned it over. Even in death, the Fey creatures were frightening. It had been decades since anyone had attempted to war with dwarves, the Fey were known but ignored and rarely seen. If this battle fanned into a larger war, the terrible times described in obscure books could befall the region. When Men and Fey fought, the world shook.
 
CHAPTER 5
 
 
King Dorbuuk strode back and forth in front of his Chosen warriors, a frown etching his broad, sullen face. The pursuit of Boruggh was called off, reports had come in the preceding night that humans had launched an invasion of their territory. Every dwarf squad that could be contacted was told to retreat and form a united defense, but many of his people were already engaged in battle and had not returned. It did not matter if the misunderstanding over the child’s death had sparked the war; a fight was a long time coming. The fires of a thousand years of leading his people, a thousand years of watching the humans disturb the balance, burned bright in his heart. 
 
Looking at the faces of his brethren, he knew he didn’t need to make any speeches. They were ready to punish the humans, and take the first steps in taking back the region. Dorbuuk asked his Chosen shaman how the summonings were progressing, continuing his pacing. ‘My King, only two of our allies have been called, but more are on the way to aid in the battle’. The King only nodded, pondering the next step. It was an insult to a Clan’s honour to call for aid from another Clan except in desperate times- it was seen as a weakness, an inability to take care of your Clanhome and its people. 
 
Not yet. He gave orders for the Clan to assemble three scouting groups, and one main force of heavy warriors. All returning squads were to be merged with the four new groups. The main group of warriors would stay here, near the Clanhome, while the three groups of scouts would search for the humans and harass them, killing as many as possible and instilling fear in their bellies. His own elite warriors wore crude, yet extremely strong steel plate under their tattered fur; and wielded larger weapons than the others. The more lightly armed dwarves could serve as scouts. He knew that there were other human settlements nearby, and old stories told of massive human settlements with gargantuan walls, pale imitations of the caves of his people. He also knew that humans on occasion put aside their madness to unite with each other. If that was the case, then other Clanhomes, and darker allies, must be summoned to the cause.
 
* * *
 
Their plans had fallen astray. Despite the efforts Remus and Elaina had expended, it seemed that war between High Peaks and the dwarves was unavoidable. Their plan now was to join the battle where they found it, and aid the humans. Remus glanced sidelong at Elaina as they ventured deeper into dwarven territory. Remus was cynical enough to deal with whatever the situation brought, but he knew it was important to Elaina to try and stop the bloodshed. 
 
Despite her perceived failure, she would have to draw blood to survive the battle. It would be something she would not forget soon. Her feelings were a matter that would have to be dealt with later, he realized. They were heading into war, the first war they had seen (for he and Elaina were not warriors); and the first war in this region for decades.
 
 A sharp and vicious pain disturbed his thoughts. Crying out, he looked down at his shoulder where a jagged, dirty shard of purplish metal, perhaps a dart, was embedded. Elaina pointed her staff in the direction of the attack, and Remus hefted his axe. A dwarf shot out of the foliage and charged at Elaina, a blur of bestial features and metal. She deflected his attack with a staff, and the dwarf seemingly disappeared. Rustling indicated more of his allies. 
 
Thinking fast, Remus realized that not only were they ambushed, but this may be their only chance to try and negotiate with the strange creatures. He fumbled with his belt and threw the pouch of refined salt on the ground, followed by the smoked meat. He then uttered, as well as he could, the dwarven word for friend, ‘Uthluck’. He hoped that whatever book had taught Remus the word, was written by someone who knew what they were talking about. He gingerly removed the dart, as the tense situation continued.
 
Slowly, a trio of dwarves appeared, holding weapons at the ready. His heart beat as he got a good look at the creatures. They had hard features and earthy skin, eyes gleaming from inside protruding brows. The unnatural intelligence and anger in their expressions almost made him turn and run. He knew that would have been a bad idea as he looked over his shoulder to see a dwarf standing behind him, weapon also raised. Elaina was in a similar predicament. The dwarves were no more than 3’5’’ tall, but were wide. Wise folk knew that when it came to Feykind, size could be misleading.
 
The dwarf in front of Remus darted his eyes towards the offering on the ground, keeping his jagged spear raised. Slowly he went to inspect and pick up the items. He spoke to the other dwarves briefly, in the garbled dwarven tongue. Remus understood none of the words. Stepping in front of Remus again, the dwarf pointed towards the bare ground at Remus’ feet repeatedly. Then, in a blur, the dwarves all retreated into the underbrush. Remus and Elaina stood still for a few seconds, then walked closer to each other and whispered. 
 
‘It seems like they want us to stay here’, Elaina mused. ‘We’d better prepare’ Remus stated, and they both began taking a stock of their surroundings. They decided to stand nearby, backs against a wide, ancient tree. ‘I still have some caltrops’ Remus said, mentally preparing to throw them in a cone around them both to protect against charging dwarves. Elaina crafted a trap, using her wind powers to raise a nearby boulder and suspend it from a tree branch using vines she tore down. All she had to do to unleash the trap was to use her powers to nudge the rock off the branch, and the rope system would make it swing in an arc in front of their faces, hopefully hitting any charging dwarves. 
 
‘I hope they went off to find a leader who could negotiate with us’, Elaina said. Remus looked down, shaking his head. ‘I could have gotten us killed, trying to negotiate with them. If we fought them, we may have won. Now, they could come back with greater numbers. Perhaps… we can still find that war band from High Peaks’. 
 
Elaina shook her head. ‘You did the right thing, Remus. Someone has to try and negotiate, if this war escalates even further, it could be devastating. If we run back to get our ‘allies’, that throws any chance of negotiating out the window. The High Peaks forces and the dwarves will attack each other on sight’. Elaina smiled, ‘Besides, we have adequate defenses here, and it’s not the first time we’ve fought to the death in the last few days’. Remus chuckled. No longer the aloof woodcutter and scholar, over the least few days he had found himself thrust into the thick of inter-species intrigue and war.
 
They tried to plan how they would try and communicate with the dwarves, Elaina trying to jog Remus’ memory. However, what little lore he had was in his book, the one he had so carelessly dropped.  They were interrupted by the approach of a trio of dwarves. Remus and Elaina had the feeling that there were more of them hiding close by, but beyond sight. One of the trio was obviously a leader, the others giving him a wide berth. He had no uniform or symbol of leadership, wearing the same dirty fur as the other dwarves. 
 
The dwarf approached, carrying a large book. Remus realized with a shock that it was his book! The dwarf began flipping pages, then pointed to a word, showing the page to Remus. The dwarf’s dirty fingernail was over a dwarven rune. Directly below the rune, in small human letters, was the dwarvish pronunciation of the word, and below that in large letters was the meaning of the word in the human tongue. Dwarf. The word he was pointing to was ‘dwarf’. Remus nodded, fascinated. The dwarf flipped some more and pointed to another word, showing the book to Remus. ‘Enemy’. Remus nodded. The last word the dwarf pointed to was ‘Pursue’. 
 
‘Dwarf, Enemy, Pursue’ Remus mused, glancing at Elaina, who looked perplexed. The dwarf motioned to one of his underlings, and they brought a large pair of shackles which had been broken apart. The lead dwarf pointed to the shackles and said ‘Dwarf. Enemy’ in dwarvish, Remus remembering the pronunciation from the book. The shaman opened the book again and pointed to ‘Dwarf’, ‘Enemy’ and then, ‘Kill’. The shaman then held his hand above the ground, palm down, level with Remus’ knee. ‘What are you trying to say?’ Elaina asked, though she knew the dwarf would not understand their tongue. The dwarf again said ‘Dwarf. Enemy. Kill’ in dwarvish, then held his hand palm down, against Remus’ knee. 
 
‘Child!’ Elaina exclaimed. ‘They are saying one of their enemies escaped from shackles, and killed the child. They were pursuing him, and that is why there are so many dwarves scouring the forest’. 
 
Remus replied ‘The townspeople are in the forest looking to spill dwarven blood in retribution, they don’t know about this. This war will escalate based on a misunderstanding’. 
 
‘Well’, Elaina retorted, playing devil’s advocate, ‘The dwarves still did attack the caravan. We also don’t know if we can trust this dwarf, or what the thing that escaped was’. 
 
 ‘The attack on the caravan does not warrant the losses our town will experience with full-scale war. And I do not remember any accounts of a dwarf killing a child, despite the other horrific things they are capable of’. 
 
Elaina concluded ‘Taking into account the size of the shackles, it probably was a larger than average dwarf. Perhaps some violent dwarf held prisoner by the others. Maybe if we explain to the Sheriff or Mayor what happened, and try to capture whatever killed the child…’ Remus nodded his approval. It seemed the only way to prevent an all out war.
 
When they glanced back at where the dwarves had been, they were all gone. Gone with the book. Remus sighed, but he had other concerns on his mind right now. After discussion, they decided to head back to the war band they just left, and ask how to find the main squad, preferably with the Mayor or Sheriff present.
 
* * *
 
King Dorbuuk pondered this latest bit of information. A man and woman had tried to negotiate with the dwarves, even using the dwarven word for friend. No doubt a ploy to glean information about their war tactics. But, he had ordered an inquiry regarding whether any dwarves knew anything about the two particular humans in question. And there had been surprising news. During the attack on the human travelers just days before, a surviving dwarf told of a human woman using magick and a human man using strange tricks during the battle. 
 
These were unusual humans, and Dorbuuk was even more interested in the book of lore that was found. One of his people, Jabghar, had tried to sneak the book to keep for himself, but he had been caught, and King Dorbuuk had ordered the book be given to his chief shaman for inspection. Jabghar could be punished later for his insolence. Some human had been amassing knowledge, mere scraps, but still knowledge, of Fey lore- including dwarven language.  He had ordered a trusted dwarf to approach the humans, guarded by some of his warriors. This trusted dwarf was to then try to communicate with the humans, and explain about Boruggh. Perhaps these unusual humans could be negotiated with, as unusual people tended to be less controlled by the tenets of their people. 
 
‘Habras’, he whispered. One of the highest honours for a dwarf was to convince another to perform actions that were beneficial to one self, by manipulating the notions of loyalty or reward. Perhaps he had been too authoritarian and harsh when dealing with his people the last score years or so. But Dorbuuk was getting old and impatient. Still, a covering of soft fur over an iron fist could make the fist strike all the harder; the victim being unprepared. He pondered this, as he awaited the return of his negotiators. 
 
* * *
 
Elaina and Remus arrived at the war band, finding it missing a couple of members, and with a few injured. The leader, who was slightly injured, told them which direction the lead war band was heading towards, and provided a scout to guide them half of the way. Apparently, the war bands were positioned at different points, and planned to converge towards the centre of dwarven land. Interspersed in between were loose bands of angry peasants, with scouts communicating between the forces. Word was, that some war bands had not been heard of for some time. 
 
The guide was a rough-shaven man in boiled leather and a green cloak. He sprinted in front, eyes alert and ears open, glancing back at Remus and Elaina now and then. 
 
Elaina commented to the man ‘You are quite proficient in woodcraft, your profession must involve travelling in the wilderness’. 
 
He replied ‘I do some hunting, skinning… some guide-work. I have a cabin outside town, but the guards let me sleep in the barracks when I need to stay in High Peaks’. 
 
‘Oh. So what experience have you had of the Fey? Do you think it is inevitable for humankind to be at war with the natural world?’
 
‘I’m just a man who uses the woods to survive, and feed my little ones and missus. There is a beauty to the wilderness, but it is also savage. Nature gives you nothing that you are not willing to take. However, I am not sure if the dwarves can be called natural. There is a distinction between the noble animals I hunt and the strange magick things of the wood’. 
 
‘How has the fighting been going?’ she prompted. 
 
‘We feel like our strategy has been effective. We use fire to stop them flanking us. Dogs and scouts find evidence of activity, and we swoop, with archer and artillery support. Fighting these things is dissimilar to fighting a man, many won’t admit it… but we don’t know if we can win. We feel that the number of dwarves in our area is thinning, but we can’t be sure’.
 
Elaina and Remus, who was a few steps behind, pondered those words. Sounds of fighting echoed in the distance as they sprinted, the forest critters unnaturally quiet. The smaller ones, that was. The two travelers were on edge, but they managed to avoid any more conflicts before they reached the destination. Pushing through a layer of trees into a clearing, they saw the main war band, with the Sheriff and Mayor among their number.
 
Remus and Elaina walked towards them, as their scout ran towards a guardsman so they could update each other on their war band’s situation. The Mayor looked at them incredulously, obviously surprised to see them. The Sheriff had the same smug, calculating look on his pudgy face, even in the grim situation. They also saw Perfidian sitting on a rock, writing in a leather-bound book. The young bard waved in their direction, but did not approach. ‘You two, what’re you doing here?’ hollered the Sheriff. The Mayor looked down his hawkish nose at them. 
 
‘The dwarf who killed the child was a violent prisoner, held captive by the dwarf tribe’ stated Elaina, getting to the point. ‘The dwarves were trying to recapture him’. 
 
The Mayor bristled, ‘What, by Wrazuul’s death, are you talking about?’ he exclaimed, invoking the name of the demon antagonist in the St. Lusian theology. Remus and Elaina explained what had occurred, and what they had learned. ‘So you tried to negotiate with the dwarves?!’ yelled the Mayor incredulously. ‘You realize, if we tell the townspeople about this, you would be burnt at the stake! You are already under suspicion!’ 
 
‘Hold on’, said the Sheriff. ‘You expect us to believe that the dwarves weren’t responsible for all the attacks on our town, on the Steelwielder pilgrims?! Witnesses saw dwarves there, lots of them!’
 
‘No, we don’t. The dwarves were responsible for that. But we killed our share of them and won the battle. I am not saying we don’t have reason to attack the dwarves, I am saying the destruction and death that would be caused by this war will escalate’, said Remus.
 
Elaina added, ‘The straw that broke the camel’s back was the tragic death of the child. But, what if we capture and kill the dwarf that executed the foul deed, and bring him back here? It has been centuries since anyone successfully destroyed a tribe of dwarves, and it was at a huge cost in lives’.
 
‘Even if the dwarves did tell you that, what is to say the monsters are not lying?’ spat the Mayor. ‘We will not stop the war based on this story. No matter what cost we will have to endure, we will avenge this boy’s death!’ The Mayor smiled grimly, ‘If you want to make yourself useful, why don’t you go after Weylin again?’ He was amused to see the bewildered looks on Remus and Elaina’s faces. ‘Or didn’t you hear? We received word from town. He has escaped. Used his magick to stun the guards, and ran. No one knows where’. He turned away, going back to his business.
 
The Sheriff warned ‘You better fight with us, or get back to High Peaks. Don’t ye stir up trouble here’.
 
It was no use. They weren’t going to budge on the war, and the news about Weylin was disconcerting. Remus and Elaina stared at each other pensively. ‘Well, we need to try and find the dwarf. It may not stop the war, but it is the only chance’, Remus piped in, saying what they both were thinking.
 
 Elaina asked ‘What about Weylin? We both knew he was a bastard growing up, but he seriously injured someone. He also is a Touched’. Elaina stopped for a moment, pondering that word. Touched. She was reviled for being born with the powers, through no desire of her own. But Weylin used his powers for ill. There was a clear difference, right? Whether someone is dangerous was surely about intent…
 
‘Weylin will probably be travelling north, that’s where he goes when he undertakes his lawyer work, I believe. Yondern is due directly north, from the main road’. Remus’ words broke Elaina out of her thoughts. ‘That is the same direction that the dwarf went towards. Perhaps we can ask people on the way’, he concluded.
 
 Elaina nodded. So a plan was formed. Perfectly on cue, Perfidian appeared behind them, clasping both their shoulders. ‘I couldn’t help but overhear the conversation! So, where are you guys off to? Chasing after deranged dwarves, as if there were any other kind? And of course, a psychotic Touched is the perfect addition to the adventure!’
 
Remus snorted and set off, patting the guide on the back in thanks and farewell. Perfidian hurriedly packed his belongings and joined them. The three adventurers headed into the unknown.
 
CHAPTER 6
 
 
The main road started just outside the town of High Peaks, and the three travelers cut through the forest to reach it. They headed towards Yondern, keeping on the road. It was faster and safer, despite the risk of bandits.  It was a dim early afternoon, tall green trees towering over the wide dirt road, reaching towards the dull blue sky. There was a rough serenity to the rocky terrain of Corsen, as if everything was chiseled out of granite. Despite the ever-present noises and smells of the forest, the forest was relatively quiet. No one else was on the road. Sometimes a rustling would be heard close by, but the sharpened senses of Remus and Elaina could usually identify the noises as regular forest animals, deer, moose and even a bear that thankfully meandered away. Some noises were unidentified, but they passed. One had to always be careful of Fey. 
 
Glancing at Perfidian, Remus mused that the Norlathan man was too carefree, perhaps ignorant of the breadth of danger the wilderness of Corsen presented. He had to give the bard some credit, though, he had the courage to come to High Peaks and accompany them on their trek, despite knowing how dangerous it was. Evening passed and night sprung upon the forest, not so much an absence of light, but a deep and dark presence in itself. 
 
The trio set up camp in a small clearing by the road. Soon they were sitting around a small fire, warming their hands and roasting their meat. ‘So how did you two communicate with the dwarves’ inquired Perfidian, wiping crumbs from his fancy beard with an ostentatious kerchief. ‘I heard you talking to the Mayor, but didn’t catch all the details. Did your studies come in handy with the translation, Remus?’ 
 
Remus wiped grease from his mouth with his hand and cleared his throat. ‘Yes, partly. The dwarf had my book, the one I lost during the caravan battle. There were a few words of dwarvish translated into Common contained within the book. With a bit of creativity, we managed’. Before Perfidian asked the obvious, and painful, question, Remus elaborated that he had not regained the book, and that in fact the dwarves had disappeared with said book. ‘And, do you both believe what they said?’ the bard asked, the other obvious question. He glanced at Elaina when he voiced the question.
 
‘It’s not so much that we believe it’, she replied. ‘But it makes sense. Dwarves are not known to target children. They have been targeting the town recently, but there is always a danger of dwarves attacking humans, like with all Fey. The people have a right to self-defense, but it is simply a bad idea to attack a Fey community in their home ground’. Remus and Perfidian nodded. All three of the nascent adventurers were knowledgeable enough about history not to doubt that statement for a second. The few occasions in recent history where humans have attempted to wage all-out war with Fey had ended terribly.
 
Remus spent some time practicing using his arquebus, wasting five bullets trying to hit a large boulder. The heft of the weapon was burdensome, and only the last shot hit the target. He did feel that he was learning to manage the weapon’s weight and the energy released when it fired. After the spectacle was over, Remus returned to the campfire, and they all began their final preparations before sleeping.
 
Perfidian walked over to Elaina, who was wiping some minor but painful wounds from her palms. They had occurred when she had grasped a thorny branch that was in her way during their journey, and had started to scab over. ‘Here’, Perfidian stated, opening a small wooden box that contained some type of cleansing aloe extract. He efficiently scooped some on his fingers and rubbed Elaina’s hands. She winced as the antiseptic temporarily exacerbated the pain, then eased it.
 
Remus hadn’t really noticed Elaina’s injuries. They were minor, not logically worth treating. People seemed to appreciate these gestures, though, Elaina certainly did. Was he missing out on a facet of life because of his way of thinking?
 
 Remus shook his head and prepared to sleep.
 
* * *
 
Elaina sat with her back against a large tree, quarterstaff nearby. She was alert, but she let part of her mind wander. Remus and Perfidian were asleep, it being her shift. The low fires of the campfire illuminated the forms of her sleeping companions, and cast a dim blue pall over the trees and the road. The luminous sparkling sky stood in glorious contrast, specks of infinite white and red embedded in midnight black. The two moons of Jorlac and Tiberum glared from the dark tapestry. Jorlac was a smaller moon of white with swirls of red, and Tiberum was a larger moon of stark white.
 
‘It is a beauty that many cannot appreciate’, came an unexpected, feminine voice from behind. Elaina, startled, sprang up, quarterstaff in hand, to face the intruder. Before her stood a breathtakingly alluring female figure, very tall, with a light green-brown tint to her skin and hair. Despite her beauty, there were patches of her skin that seemed to have an ugly bark-like texture. Elaina thought to scream for help, but her voice caught in her throat. The feminine humanoid raised her hands gracefully in a sign of peace. She was completely naked, and seemed unperturbed by the fact. Elaina’s mind reeled as she wondered what this thing was, trying to scour every story and piece of mythology she could remember….
 
Could this be an elf?
 
‘Men tend to sleep during nights such as these, unable to appreciate the beauty of it’ the elf remarked, waving her fingers to indicate Elaina’s sleeping compatriots. ‘But a woman as gifted as yourself, can’.
 
Elaina’s logic fought against the notion- Remus and Perfidian were sleeping because it was Elaina’s turn to keep watch-, but could not help but feel pride at the elegant creature’s compliment. She also realized with a start, that the elf was speaking ‘Common’, the name used to describe the language all humans spoke.
 
‘Why do you approach me thus?’ Elaina demanded, quarterstaff not dropping one bit. 
 
‘It is easy for the children of the forest to watch the goings on of Humankind, and of the more base creatures of the wild. The peace is disturbed by the fighting between humans and our cousins. Trees are being burnt down, animals are being slain or chased off their feeding grounds by the activity’, the elf elaborated.
 
‘By ‘cousins’, you mean the dwarves?’
 
‘Yes, although odd and brutish, they are part of our family. What you call Feykind. The dwarves are contentious, and men often throw kindling on the fire through their own impatience’. She eyed Elaina knowingly. ‘It is tragic when creatures suffer because of the self-interest and tyranny of their leaders. Many of your friends do not understand this, do they? They lack your powers, both the empathetic… and the magickal’.
 
Elaina realized the Fey knew she was a Touched. She also seemed to know about the personality differences she often had with Remus. Elaina shook her head roughly, trying to make sure she was not in a dream. She wasn’t. This creature was really standing in front of her.
 
The creature continued, ‘We hope that people like you can help to preserve the peace’. Elaina asked harshly, ‘Why do you elves not broker peace then? All the stories of elves speak of your deception and manipulation!’
 
The elf appeared hurt. ‘My name is Thilenta… We never give away our names, but I will tell you. I was like you when I was younger. Intelligent… and empathetic. I wanted to help, but people wouldn’t listen. Other creatures do not listen. But we can work with each other, Elaina, to try to affect a change. We are similar’. 
 
Thilenta reached out to Elaina, several large leaves in her hand. ‘These are specially grown leaves, ingesting them will expedite the healing of wounds and will neutralize most poisons or disease’. Elaina took them. The elf said ‘I have something else to show you’, and beckoned Elaina to follow, disappearing into the foliage. 
 
Elaina glanced behind at the still-sleeping forms of Remus and Perfidian, and followed Thilenta. She emerged into a clearing where the elf was sitting cross-legged. She motioned Elaina to join her, and Elaina sat facing her. ‘There is something I can teach you, young one, something that can help you bring resolution to situations of conflict. Your powers over nature’s water and wind will help you learn’.
 
Thilenta stood and began an elaborate dance, gesturing and chanting. Elaina realized it was a spell-casting stance. As it went on, Elaina noticed a translucent purple wave rippling through the air. She felt a strong emotive influence, pressuring her to feel positive and trustful feelings towards Thilenta. She realized the spell was creating an effect over her emotions, and her perceptions of the elf. She looked up, the form of Thilenta standing in front of her, smiling. Elaina spent an hour with the mystical elf under the twinkling canopy of sky, the elf teaching her how to cast the spell. Elaina practiced the spell and its gestures repeatedly. She felt it drawing on her powers over wind and water, her powers of Touched. 
 
Eventually she managed to create the same effect Thilenta had created, albeit not as strongly. After she was finished, they shared a drink of water that Thilenta had procured, a bundle of leaves holding rain water. Thilenta placed her hand over Elaina’s shoulder and smiled at her maternally, then walked into the forest, disappearing from sight.
 
When Elaina returned to the camp, there was about an hour left until she had to rouse Perfidian for his shift. She leaned her head against the same tree as before, and considered all that had transpired this night.
 
* * *
 
Perfidian had reinvigorated the campfire and cooked a hearty breakfast before he shook his companions awake. The sausages and softbread he had brought from the war band’s supplies were still fresh, and delicious. Elaina woke first, with Remus yawning and rubbing the sleep from his eyes. Perfidian noticed Elaina still had the same quizzical expression that she had last night when she woke him for his shift. They gathered around, eating their breakfast and drinking from their waterskins, all of them in a contemplative, yet genial mood. 
 
When they set off again, the sun had fully risen. The morning was a dull one, and the sky was pale blue and free of clouds. They had become used to life on the road now, and the thud and crunch of their footfalls on the road had become familiar. Soon, they saw the outline of a traveler approaching from further ahead on the road. He seemed to be pulling a wagon.
 
 As he neared, they were relieved to see he was an Eruthian man, dressed like a merchant and smiling at them. ‘Hello, travelers!’ the man spoke in his mellifluous accent. They greeted the brown-skinned man in return and stopped to talk. The man was indeed a merchant from Eruthia, visiting selected cities and towns in Corsen. He was heading to the town of Vitter Falls, which was fairly close to High Peaks. He sold jewelry from his wagon; jewelry from his homeland was of particularly high quality.  
 
They informed him of the dangers in the region near High Peaks, and he was grateful, if unshaken. He was, he told them, used to the dangers of the Fey, and the more mundane dangers one could face on the road. When asked about the latest rumours from Eruthia, he told them there were whispers of growing tensions between the Paragonite religion in Eruthia, and the Steelwielders in neighbouring Corsen.  The Paragonite religion worshipped St. Palrinah, whom they considered to be a Human Paragon. Paragonites were rare in Corsen, whereas Steelwielders, who were popular in most corners of the known world; were almost unknown in Eruthia. There were, of course, technological and industrial groups in Eruthia, as in every human country, but not the Steelwielders. 
 
They said farewell to the merchant, and he lifted his wagon, stating that he might drop in on High Peaks on his way to Vitter Falls. Remus smiled as they continued on. The people of High Peaks would be showing off their new jewelry for months now, even the poor folk would compete to see who had purchased the finest copper accessories. He thought of the situation in the forest of High Peaks, and hoped that they could resolve the conflict before more towns, or even cities, became involved. If the humans called for allies, then no doubt the dwarves would call for allies of their own. No one knew what full-scale war with the Fey would bring, but if the cryptic old stories were true, it would be devastating for the region and the people in it.
 
* * *
 
Days of travelling passed uneventfully, at least relatively so, before the trio reached the city of Yondern. The city greeted them with a vast expanse of farmland, the city itself squatting in the distance. Remus and Elaina were taken aback by the sheer size of the city, but Perfidian mentioned that he had briefly stayed here on his journey to the smaller settlements of Corsen. As they approached the city gates they joined an erratic stream of farmers, traders and pilgrims making their way into Yondern, and they could see the figures of farmers tending their fields. The farming hinterland around Corsen was peppered with houses and buildings, rivaling the population of High Peaks in its entirety. 
 
At the gates stood guards, some clad in ceramic-lined steel plate and hefting halberds, heavy weapons, crossbows and long bows. Others wore light leather with fine chain and lighter weapons. There was even a War Suit, the large, mechanical suits of armour which a man or woman would step into. These 8 foot tall machine-suits were favoured by the Steelwielders, but were very rare and expensive. The walls of the city were made of thick wood, with the gate and towers made of sandstone. Visible from the battlements were soldiers, many archers, as well as portable ballistae. The atmosphere was not threatening, however, as the guards left a wide path open into the city, and did not often bar travelers. They merely kept an observant eye on each entrant, occasionally offering a stiff, yet polite greeting.
 
Remus, Elaina and Perfidian entered with no problems. A large Steelwielder banner hung from the right of the entrance, and a large St. Lusite banner hung from the left; deliberately meant to be seen by all visitors to the city. Shifting to the city itself, they were met with a visual medley of blocky, tan-coloured buildings with exact, straight walls and edges, stretching to the horizon. The buildings were made of thick wooden logs, with the occasional sandstone building. There were more elegant buildings visible in the distance, bearing soaring towers and elaborate geometrical designs, and mosaics made of marble; and in some cases, gold. The main road was wide and stretched deep into the city, and other roads in the distance were also quite wide. Their olfactory senses were greeted with the smell of spice, dust and roasting meat. The clamour of everyday life was underset with the louder tones of industry in the distance.
 
Perfidian guided them to an inn called ‘The Broken Arm’. They were relieved to discover that the inn was named as such because of the shape of the building, a squat V-shaped building with a small courtyard and hitching post in the space between the walls. The inn was made of plastered sandstone, and had an adobe feel to it. As they entered the main room, it became obvious this was no luxury facility. Rough edges and hastily-built load-bearing pillars were some of the delightful features that advertised the humble nature of the inn. Inside the main room were humans of all stripes, mostly travelers and citizens, with a few guards, St. Lusite priests and Steelwielder missionaries. A swarthy women in clay-coloured clothes arranged for their room, she was genial enough and the rooms were cheap.
 
Their room was spartan, but was thankfully clean and lacking in holes in the roof or walls. Four small beds lined the corners, covered with rough-spun cotton blankets. There were basic wooden furnishings, a glass window with a moth-eaten curtain, and only a slight smell of dampness. There was even a curtained off area with a large chamber pot, with a seat attached to the rim and a cover nearby. A woodcutter, amateur bard and a Touched couldn’t ask for much better. Remus knew that Elaina eked out a living procuring and selling herbs. Despite their professed dislike of the Touched, the townspeople of High Peaks needed a skilled herbologist, and Elaina was the only one with the requisite knowledge.
 
Settling in and unpacking, the travelers discussed their next course of action. ‘The local authorities need to be informed about the murderous dwarf, as well as your missing fugitive- Weylin, wasn’t it?’, suggested Perfidian. ‘If one of these malignant forces has caused an incident in the area, the authorities might know; though they may not know the cause’. ‘Perhaps we should eat first, before we all collapse from malnutrition’ Remus complained. Elaina and Perfidian shared a disapproving look- considering they had been on the road, they had eaten quite well, especially with the supplies Perfidian had brought and Elaina’s knowledge of herbs and spices. 
 
They all left their weapons behind in the room, with Remus wrapping his arquebus in the travelling cloak he had brought to conceal it. Locking the door behind them, they decided to avoid the dubious in-house restaurant and to eat at one of the many street stalls.
 
Evening had started to set upon the dusty city, which was surrounded by flat plains with sparse foliage, but fertile soil. They sat at a table in a particularly crowded restaurant that seemed to service a diverse plethora of diners. A buxom waitress arrived, and they decided to order plates of roasted lamb and spiced vegetables mixed with wild rice. None of them were drinkers, but Perfidian and Elaina decided to splurge on local bubbling ale, and they cajoled Remus into ordering one. Remus sat back, enjoying the breeze and the view. Perfidian and Elaina were chatting garrulously, discussing mundane issues as well as prognosticating about their main quest. 
 
Remus pondered the path his life had taken in the last couple of weeks. For his whole life he had been a woodcutter living on the edge of town, selling lumber in the High Peaks market and studying lore in his spare time. There was the odd trip he took to other settlements in Corsen for research, though he had never been to Yondern. How had be been caught up in a war in the space of less than two weeks, how did he now bear the burden of finding two dangerous creatures? 
 
Remus’ mind searched beyond that, to when he had left his parent’s cabin in the woods of Corsen. He knew they were still there, but they did not expect him to return…. His mind recoiled from those thoughts, and he thought about Elaina, his closest friend, and the bard who had recently joined their group. 
 
Elaina had been in High Peaks as long as Remus had been there, they had been childhood friends. How did they both get involved in their current journey? Following the dwarves’ curse and the attack on the Steelwielder pilgrims, she and Remus had merely intended to prevent the town from turning to anarchy and xenophobia, to prevent them from punishing any outcasts or vulnerable parties. With the dead child, it became about preventing the occurrence of an unspeakably damaging war. And what about Perfidian? The young bard had ostensibly come seeking backwater towns in Corsen, in order to learn folk songs and tales, and to ply his trade. Why was he risking his life along Remus and Elaina? Was it a chance for more adventure? Did he feel that he owed them for their help with the caravan battle?
 
His thoughts were interrupted by the arrival of their food and drinks, and his stomach forbade any further thoughts until the delicious morsels had been consumed. All three of them ate well, and, perhaps due to the ale, their conversation flowed more freely than usual. It was obvious that a friendship was being formed between the three individuals, one which would undoubtedly hold for quite some time.    
 
* * *
 
Before they set off to find the authorities, they decided to question the waiters at the restaurant, and the owner of the Broken Arm; about any recent incidents or attacks in the area around Yondern. There were two incidents that were on the tongues of tavern-goers in the city, a bandit attack on travelers one day’s march north of Yondern, and stories of a child narrowly escaping from a ‘monster’ in the Yondern hinterland. The child supposedly lived in the farming settlement outside the gates of the city. The latter incident sounded promising, so they kept it in mind as they headed to the local barracks.      
 
The barracks were a blocky, double-storied building with crenellations on the roof and archers manning wooden balconies that jutted out of the building like open drawers. Explaining their business to the guards at the door, they were allowed inside but told to stay within the foyer. The foyer was peppered with guards, and the office of the district captain was in the corner. There were waiting areas and benches for people to sit on, as well as minimalist decorations, most prominently a huge blue-grey rug adorning the floor. This was obviously the public face of the local guard contingent. 
 
Inside, an attendant inquired as to their business, and duly led them to the officer’s public chambers. It was decided that they would be honest about where they were from, and about the missing dwarf and fugitive. They needed all the help they could get, and there was no need to lie. The attendant opened the door to the office, revealing a room strewn with papers, bookshelves and cabinets. The room’s occupant was a strongly built man dressed in the modestly fancy garments favoured by the city’s public servants. Although the officer’s job seemed to involve never-ending paperwork and bureaucracy, it was obvious that the grey-haired man had seen a lot of action in the local guard.
 
‘Come on in’ he said, scribbling on a scroll with a quill. He looked up as they approached. The attendant cleared his throat, ‘Officer Quintus, these people claim they are from the town of High Peaks, to our south. They have news of possible dangers that may be heading in our direction…’ The attendant cleared his throat again and continued, ‘I believe it was regarding a Touched fugitive, and a rogue… dwarf, sir’. The attendant left the room, obviously glad that his role in this affair was done… 
 
It was apparent that they had Quintus’ full attention, and he motioned for them to sit. Remus and Elaina sat on the two chairs opposite his desk, while Perfidian settled onto a spare stool that was near the door. ‘What are your names, please?’ Quintus asked gruffly. They all gave their names, which he scribbled down on a blank piece of paper. He spoke, his hardened face displaying doubt, ‘It is not everyday we hear about a Touched fugitive, and I am not sure what you mean by a ‘rogue’ dwarf’.
 
‘In our town, a man named Weylin recently assaulted a young lady, seriously burning her. He was arrested, but managed to escape during the chaos’, Remus elaborated.
 
‘What ‘chaos?’ Officer Quintus demanded.
 
‘Dwarves have been attacking our town recently, things that are not unheard of… curses, attacks on pilgrims’, Elaina piped in. Quintus nodded, such things were relatively common in Glenryth. ‘But… one day, a dead body of a child was discovered. It was a child from our town, and his body was badly mutilated. The local people have since launched their own war on the dwarves. Even now, skirmishes take place in the forest near High Peaks. The dwarves have come out in force’.
 
Officer Quintus looked dead serious. He knew that although it was common for humans to be forced to defend themselves against Feykind, or even to attack wandering Fey; the idea of waging war on a whole Fey settlement was unheard of. It was something all parties tried to avoid. ‘So why have you come talking of a rogue dwarf, instead of asking for aid in the war effort?’ he asked in measured tones.
 
Remus and Elaina glanced at each other, wondering how much detail they should give. There was no reason to believe people in Yondern would be any more tolerant towards those who studied Fey and magickal lore, than people from High Peaks were. Corsen was not a tolerant country when it came to such things. They both nodded to each other subtly, deciding that the need for aid outweighed any concern for their personal safety. They told Quintus about what had occurred, and of their meeting with the dwarves, in full detail. Perfidian joined in now and then to give his personal experience with how ‘trustworthy and decent’ Remus and Elaina were.
 
‘So you interacted with these Fey? You are not normal residents of High Peaks, are you? I doubt normal townspeople would have the ability to communicate with dwarves in such a manner. Are you Touched? Perhaps one of you is. We are not fond of Touched around here’.
 
Perfidian spoke to Quintus, standing up and leaning on the back of Remus’ chair. ‘I have had the opportunity to travel with these people. They only desire to prevent a war that could cost the lives of their fellow townspeople, and have risked their lives to do so. They were also the ones who captured the rogue Touched, and brought him to justice. I have also mentioned to you how they aided the human pilgrims in their battle with the dwarves. Why would they come to you and alert you of these possible dangers, if they had something to hide, sir?’
 
Quintus stared at them for long moments, his poker face betraying no insight into his mental deliberations. ‘Very well. I will notify the other guard posts and advise them to increase their patrols around the city’s hinterland, and notify them of the possibility of a rogue dwarf. I will notify my own men straight away. We already have guards investigating the sighting of a monster, and it could be this rogue dwarf you speak of. I will also send scouts to be sent to nearby settlements to issue a warning about the rogue dwarf, as well as your escaped Touched prisoner. Regarding you three, I can inform you we have had no reports of Touched using their powers in our city or its whereabouts. However, as I just mentioned, there was a report from the farming community outside our gates, that a child was attacked by a monster while playing in the fields at night. The child managed to escape and notify her parents, who in turn told the authorities’.
 
The local rumours were accurate, Remus mused. Quintus went on, ‘You may assist my guards in their investigation of this issue, and help us find and kill this beast. If you do, we will send an official notification to High Peaks, assuring them that the dwarf has been killed, if indeed it is a dwarf. I will not, however, lend my support to your theory that it was solely a rogue dwarf acting independently, that slew the child from your town. The majority of Fey are certainly vicious enough to do such a thing. I do share your dedication to avoiding war with the dwarves, however, as I do not want the region drawn into any such conflict’.
 
They agreed to the terms, and furnished Quintus with additional information about Weylin, describing the man’s appearance to make him easier to identify. Quintus gave them details about where to find the family of the girl, and assured them that the local guards would be informed of their participation in the investigation. Following that, they thanked him and returned to their rooms at the Broken Arm. 
 
* * *
 
The attendant stood to attention in Officer Quintus’ office, internally annoyed to be drawn back into this troublesome affair. A high-ranking soldier was also present in the room. 
 
‘You were the one who showed the two gentlemen and the lady in today, regarding the Touched and the dwarf?’ Quintus asked.
 
‘Yes sir, I was’.
 
‘Good. I’m sure you still have a detailed impression of their appearance. I want you to sketch their likeness for Captain Trevellus here, as accurately as you know how; and to assist him in any further questions he may have’.
 
‘Of course, Officer’ the attendant replied curtly. 
 
Captain Trevellus spoke, ‘You, boy, meet me in my private chambers in the barracks to draw the sketches. I will be with you within half an hour’. 
 
The attendant nodded, and left.
 
Trevellus continued the conversation with Quintus, making sure the attendant was gone and the door was closed. He leaned forward. ‘I will immediately send the scouts to nearby settlements to alert them of these two dangers, Officer. And, as per your request, we will implement extra guard patrols, and advise the General to order all guard posts in the city to do the same’.
 
Quintus nodded, ‘Good’.
 
‘May I inquire as to why you wish me to meet with the attendant and have him draw the sketches, sir? Do you have doubts about the trustworthiness of the travelers from High Peaks?’
 
‘Yes’, Quintus replied. ‘They are a strange lot. After you complete your orders, you will meet with the attendant in your office. Have him draw a sketch of all three of these travelers. I want you to alert Her Highness and inform her of the presence of these three strange travelers within her city. Also mention that they are helping the guards with our investigation into the monster sighting. However, let her know I have doubts about their veracity, and that one or more of them may be either Touched or consorting with Fey powers. Advise her that we will keep an eye on them, and that I personally suggest that she send the Royal Eye to monitor them; and deal with them if need be’.
 
Trevellus nodded solemnly, and left to execute his orders.
 
* * *
 
Jabghar ran through the forest, sticking to the woods near the main road used by humans. He knew that the man who owned the book had travelled in this direction, with the human woman who was always with him. The dwarves did not know where they were going, although the possibility that they were calling for reinforcements was very real. The dwarves would monitor any incoming human forces, very closely. 
 
But that was not why he was on this journey. No, he had convinced King Dorbuuk that it was worth trying to negotiate with the human man, despite the fierce protestations of his chief shaman. Jabghar smiled as he remembered how angry the irritating chief shaman had been. The King was unusually receptive to Jabghar’s plan, even congratulating him on the brilliant idea. And if Jabghar could discreetly benefit from this himself…
 
Jabghar was to return the man’s lore book to him, with everything intact. In fact, there were some extra bits of dwarven knowledge that the dwarves had been kind enough to put in there. Of course, King Dorbuuk had ordered an exact copy of the book to be made and kept in the Clanhome, with chosen dwarves painstakingly mimicking the human letters. It was a wise decision, as this tome would add to the dwarves’ knowledge of human language, and provide insight into what exactly the humans may know about the Fey. But, the original book would be returned to the human man. Yes, the dwarves would try to… befriend this human. He was a strange one, as was the human woman who accompanied him. They seemed to be distinct from the others in their settlement, and perhaps they could be bribed with secret dwarven knowledge. 
 
As he ran, he thought of the word that was so important to dwarves, but one that they rarely spoke in public. Habras.
 
* * *
 
Remus, Elaina and Perfidian equipped their weapons, bought rations, and headed out the town gates. They wandered through the farming community, which had a completely different tenor to the interior of the city. It was early afternoon, and children were running around playing and adults were performing their daily tasks. The local people seemed to favour dark brown and orange clothing. Quintus had instructed them to go to the grain mill, where the father of the girl in question worked. A few farmers and merchants had stalls set up, and hawked their wares to the passersby. The community was neat and well-kept, if rustic; and crops, cattle and poultry seemed to be abundant. Though the land was very flat compared to High Peaks, it certainly was fertile.
 
They came upon a sight that deflated the pastoral feelings that the landscape inspired; a hanging corpse. A rope hung around the branch of a stout tree in the middle of the settlement, a dead man hanging from the noose. The man had been hung recently, and a small crowd lingered nearby, some holding crosses of St. Lusian and praying joyfully. The deceased was a normal looking middle-aged man, his visage showing the pallor of death. Remus inquired from the nearby crowd as to what happened, and was informed that he had been killed ‘for meddling in the dark arts, and summoning the beast’. Further inquiry gleaned the fact that the man was a herbologist who sold poultices and cures to the local populace. The situation looked grim, an innocent man hanged due to the twin poisons of paranoia and fear. Remus and Elaina exchanged an unnerving glance. They were well accustomed to paranoia and ostracization, coming from High Peaks, but did not remember seeing anyone hanged without just cause.
 
A sharp-nosed elderly woman carrying a fruit basket approached and whispered to them discreetly, ‘’Tis is wrong what happened. Balthern was a good man, he was not involved in any ‘dark arts’, as if there were such a thing. He sold herbs to people, he did naught but good. The local people here are ignorant and prone to violence, take the word of an old lady who has lived here her whole life. Be careful here strangers, and don’t tell anybody that I told you this’. The woman quickly strode away. 
 
It was a reality that they could have guessed. There was nothing that could be done now and there were other evils to deal with, so reluctantly the trio continued on to the mill; minds troubled. The grain mill was a large wooden building, which had a windmill attached to the roof. The crank of large gears and the muffled yelling of workers could be heard. Inside the mill, men worked alongside machines, gears grinding grain and men filling up the refined product into sacks which they hefted deftly over their shoulders. A wiry, pleasant-faced man with the dirt of a day’s work, approached them and greeted them. ‘It’s three silvers per kilo of grain today, strangers’ he announced. 
 
‘We are not here for that… we are here on behalf of the town guard, sir’, Elaina informed him. Remus added ‘We are here looking for Thom, the father of the girl that claimed to have been attacked by a ‘monster’, remembering the name Quintus had given them. The man’s face showed recognition, but also suspicion. ‘Before I can help you, I need proof that you work with the guard. No disrespect, but you have the clothing of travelers, not guardsmen. You are welcome to patronize the mill as customers, but…’ 
 
‘That is fine, good sir’ Perfidian said graciously, ‘what may I call you?’
 
‘Willem’, the mill foreman stated.
 
‘Willem, we will return presently with a guardsman in tow, who will verify our identity, and the fact that we are cooperating with the guards’.
 
‘That would be appreciated’ said Willem, nodding and returning to his business.
 
They had little trouble finding a patrolling guardsman. The guard gave them an appraising look, but had been informed about them, and was willing to go down to the mill to vouch for them.  Willem was cooperative, and walked to the workshop floor, yelling for Thom. A large, dusky-skinned man approached, wiping flour from his face with his hand, which was covered with even more flour.
 
The guardsmen took over, informing Thom of the situation, and that the three strangers were there to help- with the approval of the guard. The guard returned to his patrols, informing Remus that the guard squadron being assembled to hunt the beast would meet them at Thom’s house that night. Thom approached the trio. His eyes were bloodshot and had bags under them, speaking of the toll the recent events had taken on him. 
 
‘You ‘ere to help my little girl?’ he asked weakly.
 
‘Yes, we are trained… to hunt beasts that prey on people, and have been commissioned to assist the guards with this matter’ said Remus, lying. The guard had been vague about the specifics of their arrangement, and the lie barred any need for further explanation. Thom seemed to take some heart in the proffered help, and led them back to his house. Willem was annoyed at his departure during working hours, but acquiesced and permitted him to leave.
 
Thom’s humble house was quite near to the mill, and had small lawns on either side of the rough stone steps leading to the front door, sporting some potatoes and a few flowers. Inside the house a woman, evidently his wife, stirred clothes inside a large bucket with a sizable wooden stick, soapy water spilling down the edges. She was surprised to see her husband home from work so early, and, even more so; to see three strangers in tow. Thom walked over to his wife, and they had a whispered conversation, glancing over at the three strangers now and then. His wife put down her wooden stick, and turned towards the crude wooden loft that graced the right side of the single-room house. ‘Winnie!’ she shouted. ‘Winnie, honey, come down now!’ 
 
The patter of feet could be heard as a small child ran down the stairs to the main room. She had wide, staring eyes and blond pig-tails. She clung tightly to a stuffed animal toy as she gawked at the three strangers. Her parents explained the situation to her, stressing that the three people in the house were friends. Finally they got her sitting down and at ease. ‘We would just like to know what happened the other night. What did the monster look like, where did you encounter it, and any other information that can help us find it’, Remus said. 
 
The girl explained the chain of events to them, with her parents supplying additional information and encouragement. Apparently the incident occurred three days ago, when Winnie was playing in the fields near the house at night. The guards had already interviewed them that night, and had been searching for the monster since. The girl was unhurt from the encounter with the monster, managing to escape in time. Remus guessed that a handful of guards were properly investigating the incident in their spare time, but now that they were taking the matter more seriously there would be entire patrols dedicated to the matter.
 
Winnie repeated the details of the incident for Remus, for some reason she felt most comfortable talking to the taciturn man. The monster that she saw was like an ‘ugly little man’ but with stretched-out arms, deformed features, claws and teeth. She was out playing by herself at night, her playmates having had gone home already. There were few people out at night, Thom explained, most people would be inside their houses resting and completing household chores during the waning hours. The monster attacked her, trying to grab her with its claws and bite her. She mentioned that it had dried blood on its jaws and on its dirty fur clothes. It grabbed her dress and tore a piece off, and her mother was gracious enough to retrieve the dress she had worn on that day, showing the large scrap that been torn off it. 
 
Winnie had screamed and run away as fast as she could. Some locals who were still out at night had heard the scream and came running, but by then the monster was gone; as none of them remembered seeing anything. Winnie had run straight home and told her parents that night, who in turn told the guards. Her mother stated that they never thought their daughter would be in danger playing in the fields so close to the settlement. She added that the girl was no longer allowed to play without supervision, and Thom nodded firmly in agreement. Elaina affectionately pinched the girl on her cheek, and Perfidian graciously thanked the family for their time. Remus offered a thank you, and they left the house; declining the offer to stay for the beef stew the family was having for dinner. 
 
They sat on the steps outside the house, discussing what they had heard, as they waited for the guards to arrive. ‘So, the rogue dwarf is the monster that attacked the girl. At least we are getting somewhere’, Elaina commented. 

Remus gazed at his boots, seemingly oblivious. ‘They hung an innocent man. These peasants are just as worthless as the ones back home, Elaina’, Remus muttered darkly. ‘We are not here to help them, in any case. Let’s capture or kill this dwarf and return the corpse home, and see if we can prevent this war’. 
 
Elaina replied crossly, ‘Just because some of them have done wrong, it does not mean we should let more evil happen to innocents’. 
 
‘Bah, who is to say the dwarves are even wrong? Humans spread like a plague across the whole land, and destroy anything that does not fit into their preconceptions’, Remus retorted. He caught Elaina’s horrified glare and continued, ‘That man was a herbologist, Elaina. It could’ve been you. Or me’.
 
A profound silence fell upon the group, each lost in their own contemplation. Perfidian broke the silence; ‘People only do these things when they get crazy’ he began, collecting his thoughts. ‘People are generally good, if you show them the right way. Things tend to get better over time’. 
 
Remus wasn’t sure who Perfidian was trying to convince. 
 
CHAPTER 7 
 
 
Larian swung his cutlass ferociously, attempting to deflect the impossibly fast attacks of the bloodthirsty dwarves. The forest snapped with fire and smoke around him, the archers limiting the directions that dwarven reinforcements could come from. He could see several of his comrades nearby, others were engaged in battle a short distance away, illuminated by their yells and the clash of steel. A javelin bolt soared overhead, whistling into a dwarf’s shoulder, almost severing the limb and pinning the Fey to the ground. A war dog clamped its jaws around a nearby dwarf, not letting go. Larian silently praised the loyal canine and moved in, delivering a coup de grace. 
 
The tide of battle seemed to be slowly pushing in the humans’ favour, but that only exacerbated the rage of the dwarves. Who knew how the other war bands were faring? Reports came infrequently. Where were those damned reinforcements from Vitter Falls? The Mayor had decided not to petition any city for aid, as their help always came slowly and expensively. A city might blame High Peaks for instigating a dangerous war and try to annex it post-war as payment for their help. And, the folk of High Peaks valued their independence. However, scouts had been sent to the nearby town of Vitter Falls to request aid days ago. They should have arrived.
 
  A stentorian roar seemed to freeze the scene for a second, distant, but not so distant. Larian could swear he saw smiles on the faces of some of the dwarves. What fresh horror was this? He clasped the St. Lusite necklace he wore around his neck and kissed it, beseeching the holy Lord for strength and courage.        
 
* * *
 
Three guard patrols were exclusively patrolling for the rogue dwarf this night, and Remus, Elaina and Perfidian formed a fourth; with the addition of a guard scout named Markham who was embedded into their group. Overall supervision of the effort was led by Captain Delrin, who led one of the patrols. Two patrols were assigned to the hinterlands of Yondern, with the remaining two delving into the forest. Although Yondern was surrounded by flat terrain, there was a forest several miles from town, the same forest Remus and his companions had travelled through while on the main road from High Peaks to Yondern. Their patrol group was one of the two assigned to the forest. Delrin’s patrol was one of the two that stayed in the farming community in the city’s hinterland.
 
The trio, with the addition of Markham, made their way towards the edge of the forest. Yondern lay to the left of the main road, and the decision was made to search the edge of the forest closest to town. The other patrol was approaching the forest, three hundred metres to their right. The canopy of trees loomed closer and closer as they walked through the farming settlement. It was a clear, blue night and one could see for miles in each direction; with the exception of the forest, whose trees cloaked their domain in dark and mystery. 
 
They plunged into the forest, sweeping past the outlying trees and making progress into the deep wilderness. Markham was an expert woodsman, and they made slow but sure progress into the forest as he scanned for footprints and signs of their quarry. Remus and Elaina contributed their rapidly improving perception, with the more urbane Perfidian focused on merely keeping up. There were no signs of anything other than forest critters.  Moment after tense moment passed. Markham announced ‘We are getting deeper into the forest, I am picking up more tracks’. The wiry, hawk-nosed man crouched down, his fine armour of leather and chain making no noise as it creased. ‘These tracks are unusual, but are weak and hard to identify. They are large though. Notice that the birds have stopped singing, this would be unusual if this was merely a bear, or wolf. Be on your guard’. 
 
Remus had not noticed that the birdsong has stopped until Markham had disclosed the fact. Glancing at the spot of ground the scout was observing, Remus did notice faint, sizable footprints. Clawed prints. Markham stood and beckoned them to follow, which they did silently. He seemed to be leading them towards the source, occasionally stopping to peruse the ground. The scout looked at them over his shoulder and nodded somberly, indicating battle could be near. Remus and Elaina drew their weapons, with Perfidian nocking his bow. Elaina seemed disturbed, and peered intently all around her. Markham soon walked back towards them and said, ‘Judging by the tracks, we are near the den of a four-legged beast, most probably Fey. It is not what we are looking for. Let us quietly leave. Now’. 
 
They complied, swiftly walking away from the area, the deep silence belying the hidden threat. When they had put some distance between them and the hidden lair, they continued to make headway into the forest. They lost track of time as the expedition became a tense monotony, the group becoming numbed and fatigued by constant wariness. That was interrupted when Markham stopped again. ‘There are very clear tracks, humanoid and disjointed. This could be it’. He slowly guided them onto the new trail, taking forward point again.
 
 Eventually a cave came into view, formed out of a single humungous boulder, the cave formed by erosion. The cave was pitch black, the perfect conduit for their fears. Each member of the patrol swallowed in fear, careful not to show it to their comrades in arms. Markham swiftly pulled out a torch and lit it with flint and steel, offering to be the first to enter.
 
‘No’, Remus said, his tactical sense overriding his fear, and perhaps his common sense as well. ‘You would be better suited to attack the creature when it is distracted. Everyone take positions’. Markham nodded and handed Remus the torch, stepping aside. Elaina stood in front of the entrance and to the right, brandishing her staff. Perfidian aimed his bow at the entrance from the forest cover to the left. Markham laid his short swords on the forest floor, carefully poured black liquid from a vial onto their tips, and sealed the bottle precisely; returning it to his belt-pouch. Remus threw caltrops near the entrance, taking care to leave enough space for him to enter the cave.
 
It was up to him, and he slowly walked towards the mouth of darkness. He drew a deep breath, and reminded himself he had fought worse adversaries than a single, albeit insane, dwarf. The survival and cautionary instincts entrenched in the human brain could not be quelled, however, and it took everything he had not to turn and run from the pitch black cave entrance. He was very close to the entrance, and the torch lit up the edges of the cave, revealing nothing. He took the plunge into the cave itself, hefting the torch to and fro. It was not very deep, and the orange flames illuminated the dirty interior. Then he noticed the bones. Bits of bones and blood, from animals. He knew then that it was too late to run, that something foul resided inside the cave. That did not make it less horrifying when he took one more step and saw it, hunched against the back of the cave and staring at him. A deformed, feral thing. It was a dwarf, but even more bestial, lacking any humanoid symmetry. Remus’ courage failed and he screamed, turning and sprinting out of the cave. 
 
As he reached sunlight he reflexively turned and held up his axe defensively, as the pursuing creature slammed into it and recoiled. The beast was in the open for all to see. Hard, angular, freakishly long face and disjointed nose. Impossibly spindly and muscular arms for a dwarf, the creature stood a foot above dwarves; still shorter than humans but tremendously frightening. Scraps of dirty fur clung to the almost naked creature, blood lined its sharp fangs and claws. The demented dwarf charged, stumbling on the cruel caltrops and falling. Perfidian’s arrow slammed into its back, but Markham was nowhere to be seen.
 
The beast charged again, but a magick gust of wind blew it backwards, gashing its back on the caltrops again. Enraged, the creature swung with both claws at Remus, who blocked one, but was savagely slashed with the other across his right arm and chest. The dwarf ran straight for Perfidian, whose second arrow thudded into its belly but did not slow it. Elaina impaled it with a bolt of ice, severely injuring it. Still, it continued its reckless charge at the bard, who barely drew a longsword in time to block its relentless assault. 
 
The spry figure of Markham charged out of the foliage, jumping at the thing’s back and impaling both short swords in its back, drawing deep lines of blood and torn flesh. The dwarf emitted a bloodcurdling scream and sprung at Markham, raking with arms and feet; drool spraying from its maw. The scout’s short swords worked in a flurry to defend himself, teeth clenched in desperate focus.
 
Elaina cast the spell the elf had taught her, going through the precise motions. It did not work, the translucent purple bubble fizzing out. It caught Remus’ eye, but there was no time for questions. He continued attacking the beast with his axe. The beast’s savage strikes with all four limbs made it difficult to strike his body. The limbs were coated in unnaturally thick skin that resembled a carapace. Markham somersaulted back and hastily reached under his armour, drawing a conch shell and blowing on it. A cacophonous, high-pitched sound echoed through the forest.
 
The dwarf slowed as poison seeped from the gaping gashes on its back, Remus scoring several chops on the thing’s body. Perfidian slashed and thrust with his longsword clumsily, but landed solid hits. As the beast crumpled, Markham impaled it with the short sword in his right hand, ensuring it did not get up. Perfidian stabbed it through the throat, leaning on the blade and twisting it. He repeated this once, to make sure the thing was dead.
 
Markham was bleeding, apparently one of the monster’s swipes had penetrated his defenses and scored on his chest. He gritted his teeth and assured them that he would survive. Remus’ injuries were worse, the large cut extended from arm to chest, and he was losing blood rapidly. He slumped, immediately supported by Markham. Perfidian hastily drew a roll of bandage gauze, and Elaina started healing chants. ‘He may not make it’, Markham said grimly, ‘he is losing too much blood’. The brutal words rang in Elaina’s ears. 
 
Remus’ eyes flittered  open and closed, as he was bandaged and healed. Elaina’s healing spells merely encouraged the body to mend and produce blood faster, casting them repeatedly would confer no additional benefit on a patient. The blood flow was reducing with their efforts, but was it fast enough? Elaina’s eyes flickered with recognition, and she slung her pack on the ground, fumbling through it. She retrieved a large leaf, and remembered what the elf Thilenta had told her, ‘ingesting them will expedite the healing of wounds and will neutralize most poisons or disease’. She opened Remus’ mouth and gingerly began crushing the leaf over it. To her surprise, green liquid began squeezing from the leaf, the consistency of syrup. She made sure as much of it landed in his mouth as possible. After an interminable moment, his face cleared a bit, and the bleeding was stopped. Remus, the bandages, and his friends, were covered in his blood. Perfidian said ‘He has a pulse, it is slow but steady’. His finger was on the downed man’s neck. Elaina closed her eyes, intense relief shuddering through her. She had almost lost her oldest friend. She snapped out of it, realizing there was still work to be done.
 
Perfidian and Elaina began treating the less serious wound suffered by Markham, which though painful, was not deep and was ebbed quickly. Moments after they finished, heavy footfalls and human voices could be heard from the north. The other guard patrol crashed into the scene, surveying the chaos. Their clothing bore the grime of a wilderness expedition, and one or two of their weapons were bloody. ‘We heard the signal!’ one guard proclaimed, as the others began assisting where they could.
 
‘The dwarf is dead’ Markham said, nodding thanks to the woman and bard and rising to his feet, wincing in pain. ‘We have no casualties, but Remus and I are injured. I will hold, but he needs urgent attention. You look like you have seen some action too, soldier’. The soldier started shaking his head before Markham finished the sentence, ‘We merely ran into a lone wolf, Markham, one whose hunting grounds we must have inadvertently invaded. It was no match for a group of armed men’. The commander of the patrol took charge of the scene, his men applying poultices to Remus and Markham and changing their bandages, the focus being on Remus. It was necessary to stitch Remus’ wounds; the magick not being adequate by itself. Luckily, a soldier with medical training was on hand. 
 
It was determined that Remus, who had regained attention by this stage, would survive if he took his time travelling back to the city and rested immediately upon arrival. One of the guards opened up a large sack that was folded and placed in his backpack. The corpse of the insane dwarf was thrown inside the sturdy sack, and the drawstrings tied. A rope was tied around the sack in loops, and around the sack’s opening; making it easier to carry the load. 
 
They walked back to the city slowly, Perfidian and Elaina supporting Remus. The guards’ countenances betrayed increasing respect for the strange man and his two companions.
 
* * *
 
No further encounters plagued the weary patrol, as they finally broke through the forest’s rim and glimpsed the welcome sight of Yondern. The two patrols had made the journey back together, the sack slung over a guard’s shoulder. The guards complained of the unexpected weight of the dead dwarf, and the burden was shifted between different guards periodically. Delrin stood impassively as they approached, and inspected the contents of the bag. He nodded in approval. 
 
The guards walked back to the city interior, their assignment finished. Only the patrol leaders stayed, and the three travelers. As Markham left, Remus offered heartfelt thanks for the help provided, and this was reiterated by Elaina and Perfidian. Markham nodded respectfully and sprinted away to receive further medical treatment. Elaina ordered Perfidian to escort Remus to their room at the inn, and to make sure he slept. ‘Are you sure you can handle the situation yourse-’ Perfidian began, but Elaina waved him off reassuringly. The three patrol leaders, including Captain Delrin, were left behind, Elaina representing her companion’s interests. ‘So the dwarf is dead. The community will be pleased to hear it’ began Delrin. ‘Come, let us return to Quintus. You too, Elaina’. He slung the sack over his shoulder, and they walked to Quintus’ barracks post.
 
It was no trouble getting in to see Officer Quintus, and the patrol captains were dismissed, with the exception of Captain Delrin. Quintus stared with controlled anticipation at the sack, which Delrin had placed on the ground. Taking a cursory look inside, Quintus smiled uncharacteristically. ‘Very good work’. He reached into his drawer and produced two items, a scroll case and a bag of gold coins. 
 
He placed both before Elaina. ‘This scroll bears my signature, and my assurance that the dwarf has been killed near Yondern, with your assistance’. Elaina slid the scroll out and read it. The names of Remus, Elaina and Perfidian were mentioned, as was the promised message. Quintus went on, ‘I’m granting you a reward for your effort in capturing this monster, as part of my discretionary powers. I have an offer for you and your two friends. Come back here after you finish your business in High Peaks, and I will have contract work for you, well-paying work… and you will be helping people out. It is something to keep in mind’. 
 
Elaina never considered the possibility of leaving High Peaks in the long-term, but politely stated she would think on it, and mention it to her companions. She told Quintus she would be back within a few days to pick up the body, assuming Remus’ health improved. What weighed on her mind was Remus’ condition. Although it was said he should recover in time, it was not guaranteed. The wound was severe indeed.
 
Elaina rushed back to the inn. As she opened the doors to the room, she saw Remus sleeping on a bed, snoring softly. Perfidian sat on another bed, watching him. He held his finger to his lips to indicate the need for silence, and Elaina tip-toed into the room, sitting down next to the bard. ‘How’s he doing?’ Elaina asked with concern. Perfidian grasped her shoulder comfortingly, ‘He is getting restful sleep. All we can do is wait; we have done what we can for his wounds’. Elaina filled Perfidian in on the situation with the guard, and gave Perfidian a third of the reward. She would give Remus his share later. It was not a lot of money, but was substantial, more then she or Remus would make in a month. 
 
They waited several hours, watching Remus sleep, before they were confident he was on the path to recovery. It would just take time. Elaina plucked out her waterskin and dribbled water into Remus’ mouth. She would have to buy a hearty meal for him later, when he awoke. That reminded her of her own grumbling stomach, and she propositioned Perfidian to grab a meal at the inn’s bar . They found a corner table, and awaited the waitress. 
 
A man wearing a thick, stitched robe of blue and red stood up from a nearby table and approached theirs. He was middle-aged and would have been boyish-faced in his youth, before the lines of time’s passage had etched their marks. ‘Dear friends, I represent the Steelwielders here in Yondern, my name is Rennick. I have a most mutually beneficial offer for you, and would ask permission to join you’.
 
Perfidian waved acceptance, but his brow was creased in wariness. They all had seen too much to trust blindly. ‘Thank you’, said the man called Rennick, as he sat down and smoothed his robes. ‘We have heard of your most brave efforts in slaying the monster that terrorized our city, and have heard nothing but praise for your character and abilities-’ he began, before Elaina cut him off. 
 
‘How do you know of our activities, have you been spying on us?’
 
‘No’, the man assured, hands held up placatingly. ‘Word gets around in this city, and we like to keep up to date with events that impact the safety of the residents. That is what our organization is about- ensuring the safety and progress of mankind by utilizing technology, science and efficiency. You are from a town to the south, people say. You may not be aware of the brewing war between our organization and the Paragonites from Eruthia’.
 
‘We may have heard of it, mentioned here and there’, Perfidian responded.
 
‘Jealous of our progress, the Paragonites wish to use force to steal our hard-earned secrets and to erode the institutions and alliances we have built up in commerce and industry. It is nothing more than an attack on free enterprise. The Queen herself supports us, as do the city guards, but they must do so quietly for political reasons. In any case, we have been hiring skilled people to aid our organization in this time of need, and to perhaps join. You need not fight with the Paragonites, as there are many settlements under our wing that need our help against dark powers, as well as more worldly threats’.
 
‘Would that not be the guard’s domain?’ Perfidian inquired.
 
‘The guards do protect towns within the Yondern hinterland, but smaller towns have to manage their own defense. The Steelwielders are an officially sanctioned entity, however, and are legally entitled to offer military aid to those in need. There is a settlement that is beset by a most dangerous, yet temporal Fey. Your help in this matter would be well rewarded, and you would be outfitted by our group and subsidized for your expenses’.
 
‘The Church of St. Lusian has a major presence in this city, you seem to work side by side with them. Are they involved in the impending war with the worshippers of St. Palrinah?’ Elaina asked.
 
‘That is a good question. The St. Lusites support us in our struggle against the Paragonites but, much like the Yondern government; they have to be careful not to involve themselves too blatantly for fear of being wrapped up in the conflict. All I ask is for you and your companions to visit the Steelwielder compound in the city, and hear the details of our offer’.
 
‘We will consider, but have pressing business. We may not be able to visit you for weeks, if at all’ Elaina said, Perfidian nodding in support.
 
‘That is fine. We do not forget exceptionally talented individuals like yourself, and the offer will remain open for quite some time. Our recruitment effort will be a long one, as our organization is entering risky waters’. The man looked at them both appraisingly and announced, ‘I will take my leave now, please consider the offer’. With that, Rennick stood and left the inn, placing a coin on his table to pay for his half-finished ale.
 
Elaina and Perfidian leaned close to whisper conspiratorially. ‘Do you think he has been following us the whole time?’ asked Elaina. 
 
Perfidian shook his head, ‘I think we would have noticed. He probably has contacts in the guards or some such thing. I know you and Remus plan to go home after this, but it wouldn’t hurt scouting out the Steelwielder building’. 
 
Elaina balked, ‘Do you want to talk to them already?’ ‘No’, Perfidian replied. ‘Not now and not without Remus. I just want to make sure we know where the building is, incase… incase we come back. We should also drop in to the nearest St. Lusite church and go back to the guard post. Ask how they feel about the Steelwielders, and glean any more information about this war’.
 
Elaina nodded. It would do no harm. They ordered a meal and ate, bringing a plate of food and cup of water to Remus’ room and placing it on a table. They penned a note saying that they were fine, and were off doing some research.
 
It was not too hard to find the Steelwielder church through asking for directions. The locals seemed happy to direct travelers around, and would always pepper their directions with advice about where to purchase this or that, or where to go for drinks and dinner. Was it something about living in a big city, that made people want to promote it to passersby? The rare passersby in High Peaks would be of interest only it they had tradable goods, and often met indifference or suspicion. 
 
As they walked the dusty cobbled streets, they saw more and more complex buildings. The style was always geometrical with severe lines, an octagonal, squat building with a door comprising one side; a square multi-storied building inlaid with marble reliefs and crowned with a small pyramid.  The most impressive buildings were massive, multi-sectioned complexes tied together with bridges and capped with soaring towers. It was as if the constructors used exact and consistent tools and methods, but granted each building its own personal touches.
 
They passed through bustling commercial markets and residential streets, plazas with water fountains flowing through the mouths of stone lions. The Steelwielder building was made of four stone towers with walls connecting each tower, and a large courtyard in the middle. The gate was open and guarded. It was a fort-like building, and would be plain if it were not for the huge steel Steelwielder insignias, and gold-plated murals mounted onto the walls, portraying significant inventions and events in the history of the Techno-religious organization. After spending a moment taking in the vista, they decided to leave before the guards wondered why the two travelers were gawking at their building. 
 
The closest Church of St. Lusian was not too far away, standing out as a completely circular building, of great girth and height. A large minaret graced the centre of the roof, with smaller, slightly shorter towers protruding from the four corners of the roof. Huge stained glass windows depicted scenes that demonstrated the Laws of Reason St. Lusian’s worshippers followed, and ceramic angels stood etched in the walls, as did figures of St. Lucian, hands resting on the pommel of his sword. There were no recognizable guards, but groups of monks stood praying or in groups. Perfidian and Elaina walked unchallenged into the open oak doors and into the cold, tiled interior; eyes adjusting to the dim light and ears catching low chanting. Despite the priests’ unobtrusiveness, they had the feeling they were being watched. It was not hard to signal a priest and get their attention. A priest approached, hood pulled off. 
 
‘St. Lusian welcomes you, young pilgrims’.
 
‘Thank you, brother’ Perfidian responded. ‘We are setting off from Yondern soon, and came here to calm our minds before the journey, and perhaps to request a blessing’.
 
‘Of course, son. Are you ordained into the Church by any chance?’
 
‘No, we are not. But we are admirers of the faithful’ Elaina equivocated. 
 
‘That is fine. Please come with me’.
 
They followed the man to a quiet spot near the enormous marble figurine of St. Lusian that graced the back wall of the building. Fragrant flowers floated in ponds inbuilt in the wide altar, and gold coins were scattered on the marble surface of the altar. The humungous white-gray marble statue lacked defining colours, and the light-coloured marble blurred the perception of edges; however somehow the grandeur of the figure was enhanced by this. The engraved eyes seemed to stare into the viewer’s soul. 
 
‘Please pray to our most holy Lord, St. Lucian’ the priest requested, folding his hands before the statue. They complied.
 
‘St. Lucian the slayer of demons, protector of human life and birthright, please show us the way’, the priest began, closing his eyes. He opened his eyes and began dipping his fingers into the fonts of water in the altar, anointing Elaina and Perfidian on their faces and necks. ‘Show us the way, protect our bodies and souls with the Laws of Reason, smite the wicked embodiments of magick and vile trickery with your sword. We will protect our children and our human kin, we will toil to follow the Laws you have illuminated, and we beseech you to grant us your most holy strength and wisdom’. 
 
The priest stood silent for a few seconds, ebullient with fervour. The blessing was complete. 
 
‘Thank you, brother’ Perfidian said, Elaina reiterating. 
 
‘You are welcome, stay as long as you wish, and may your meditations be fruitful’.
 
‘Before you go, brother, we would like your opinion on something. We have heard that there are dangers in the wilderness near Yondern, dangers that we are only too familiar with; being from Corsen’, Elaina stammered. ‘However, we also have heard of a budding conflict between the Steelwielders and the Paragonites of Eruthia. What does this mean for the region, and which party is the righteous one?’
 
The priest smiled tolerantly, and considered the question before responding. ‘Many are the dangers that we are beset with, whether magickal in nature or evinced by human greed. St. Lusian set an example for us all, his Laws of Reason and fearlessness in defending innocents a light for us to follow’. He continued, cautiously, ‘Human politics and intrigue do tend to complicate matters… The Steelwielders are our allies, their Technology and skill paving the way for human dominion and protecting towns across Glenryth, matching foul magick with ingenuity and steel’.
 
The priest thought for a moment before speaking further, ‘We do not have hate in our hearts for the Paragonites, though their failure to embrace the teachings of St. Lusian is confusing to us. The culture and practices of Eruthians are things of which we have little knowledge.  We do have trust that the resources and activities of our Steelwielder brothers and sisters are being put to good use, and while our organization cannot involve ourselves in their affairs directly; we stand by their right to defend themselves if need be’. The priest looked at them for a moment, waiting for any further questions, the bowed his head curtly and left.
 
Perfidian and Elaina left the Church, and rested on a wooden bench to converse before they headed to their last destination, the barracks. Children played with a leather ball on the sides of the road, yelling and chattering as citizens walked around them. ‘Well, Rennick did not lie about the position the Church would take, and the Steelwielders seem to have credibility’, Perfidian mused. 
 
‘Working for the factions of Yondern is just an option for Remus and myself; we still don’t know their motives, and we are bound home. We never planned to leave High Peaks for any extended period of time’ Elaina explained to Perfidian. 
 
It wasn’t necessary. Perfidian nodded, ‘I know, I would not expect you to go with me if I went, though certainly your company would be welcome. My path is that of the traveler, and I still have a lot to see. I have yet to discern where that path will take me’.
 
‘Your help has been greatly appreciated, Perfidian, though Remus is a grouch, and would likely not admit it’. They shared a laugh at their friend’s expense. Elaina continued, ‘You are more than welcome to come back to High Peaks and stay with us. We can help incorporate you into the community… well, whatever help a ‘freak’ and a ‘hermit’ are able to provide! You could make a living there simply by telling stories and entertaining folks. As banal and short-sighted as most people there are, they surely could not resist hearing of exciting tales and adventures’.   
 
Perfidian smiled appreciatively, but did not look convinced.
 
* * *
 
When they arrived back at the room, Remus’ colour had greatly improved, and he still slept soundly. They had spoken to Quintus, and he confirmed that the Steelwielders were in good standing with the government, and that it was perfectly fine if they decided to work them at the same time as they tackled assignments for the guards. When pressed about the war, he offered the same dicey sentiments that the priest had expressed. 
 
As they unpacked their travelling supplies, Elaina stared at the sleeping figure of Remus. His slightly rough features and disjointed noise gave the impression of aloofness, yet also of vulnerability. He was not an ugly man, he was arguably handsomish in a sagacious way. His wide brow and strong, though not exaggerated, jaw gave him a figment of nobility.
 
Elaina felt strangely disheartened without Remus’ brooding, cynical presence. She sighed, and continued changing out of her travelling wear, placing her staff against a wall and removing her money pouch, cloak and leather tunic. She wore a fancy, yet tasteful green blouse underneath, shoulders puffed up and blue lining tracing decorations over the garment. She preferred full-length gowns when she was at home, not the billowing, impractical type favoured by some aristocratic ladies, but the simple, comfortable type. Perfidian always seemed to be dressed ostentatiously, despite wearing chain armour and his clothes bearing tears and smudges from travelling. They soon settled in for a well-deserved sleep. 
 
The next morning, Remus was awake and cognizant. He was obviously his old self, and despite still being weak, would recover fully. Remus even was able to walk around, and took a stroll around the block. Two more days and nights were spent in the inn, with the companions keeping a low profile and largely keeping to their room.  On the morning of the third day, Remus was recovered enough to travel, the healing and rest having worked wonders. He still would be slightly sore and feverish for a week, but he was restless and did not want to stay in town for any longer.
 
Quintus was happy to furnish them with the body of the dead dwarf, and a fresh sack to carry it in. The body had been kept in a government storehouse, and they had to wait in the barracks till it was brought in. Spices and unguents had been used to preserve the body, and while it was not pleasant to look at, it did not smell unduly terrible. So it was that the companions left the city of Yondern in the mid-morning, and began the trek back to High Peaks.
 
* * *
 
Gedderick paced through the underbrush quickly, the Royal Eye assassin having no trouble maintaining viewing distance of the departing trio. Queen Millandrae had personally ordered him to follow the group, and had provided him with all known information about the two men and woman. Some mid-ranking officer had been approached by the group and informed Millandrae, no doubt chasing a promotion. Gedderick chuckled. Rising in rank and prestige was not for him, although he enjoyed the reputation he had among the secret order. No, having an occupation he enjoyed and excelled at, being indispensable and very well paid… these were goals worth striving for.
 
The Queen had decided not to alert all the guard posts in the city, as the group had not performed ill actions, but merely needed to be watched. In fact, they had aided the city by slaying some minor Fey that had troubled the peasants. They had claimed to have been tracking it from their backwater town in south Corsen. The reports from Quintus were that they seemed reliable. However, the fact that one was reliable in a specific situation did not mean that they were reliable; this was one aspect he and the Queen agreed on. 
 
These travelers seemed to have the knowledge to commune with, and effectively fight, dwarves. They must be watched. Those were his orders, but if worse came to worse, and they were consorting with dark powers...  Gedderick would get to perform his own brand of magick tonight. He grinned, feeling the pommel of his sheathed dagger as he ran.
 
* * *
 
It was the second night of travel, and they were well on their way back home. They had set up camp by the road, by a large boulder. It was always good to have your back against something, it limited the direction you could be seen from. Perfidian and Elaina had constantly been inquiring about Remus’ health. He felt good, perhaps he needed a few more days to lose the minor grogginess he still felt. Although they underplayed it, he knew that his companions had saved his life and tended to him. He didn’t know how to feel. They were part of his life now. Part of him resented that, the unwelcome intrusion into his own personal space. He had spent so long being reviled by ignorant people, and seeing the miserable and evil nature of so many people and things; it had become comfortable for him to withdraw into his shell.
 
That had been changed. He was partly responsible for stopping a major war now. Elaina and Perfidian had told him of the opportunities for work offered to them by the various factions in Yondern. Bah, he still saw the same stupidity. The image of the hanged man in the farming community of Yondern flashed through his mind. Now there was a war brewing between the Steelwielders and some foreign religion. More mindless loss over beliefs and mythology. But… he could not deny the noble features in his companions. Although Perfidian was too blithe and Elaina too didactic, they had risked their life to do what was right. He did owe them his life. He could not deny the nobility he saw in many different people, bits and pieces of nobility that shined through under pressure. The guards who risked their lives to protect the villagers, Markham who flew at the dangerous dwarf, swords flashing; even an Eruthian merchant who stopped in his journey to share tales with complete strangers.
 
Still, he was no wandering adventurer of old. He would return to his old life, he did miss the peace and quiet. Elaina and Perfidian could visit, of course. He wondered about the safety of Perey, the jovial town courier. Was he involved in the fighting? Did he join the militia? Or had he been in town, had Remus missed him amidst the chaos?
 
Remus volunteered for the first shift, thoughts swirling around his head. Soon, his exhausted companions were fast asleep, and Remus sat against a tree. His martial skill had improved during this adventure, he had noticed. That would be useful. He silently applauded himself on the smart usage of caltrops near the cave. It was the second time the tools had helped him in battle. Learning, preparing and devising strategy was one thing; applying it in the field of real life was another.
 
A rock skittered across the camp ground, softly but noticeably. Remus sprang up, hand axe in hand. Rocks did not throw themselves.
 
A dwarf emerged from the foliage. Remus knew it was not the slain insane dwarf, but had to glance at the sack to make sure. The dwarf was bearded, and held up his palms in an apparent show of peace. Remus stood ready to yell for his companions, and glanced around, expecting an ambush.
 
Then he saw the book. The dwarf placed a familiar leather-bound tome on the ground and backed off a step. It was Remus’ book of lore! How did this dwarf come into possession of it?! And why was it being returned? Remus gingerly picked up the book and flipped to a few pages. Yes, it was his original book. He crinkled his brow in trepidation and glared at the dwarf, axe at the ready. The dwarf signaled Remus to turn the pages of the tome. He did so cautiously, constantly looking back at the dwarf to spot any potential trickery. After he got to the last page in his handwriting, he kept on flipping. There were more pages! There were images that seemed to be metallurgical instructions, as well as writing in dwarvish and crude human letters. 
 
Much like the dwarves that Remus and Elaina conversed with, this one could have learnt some basic human words by comparing the letters and enunciation of dwarvish words to that of human words. Except this dwarf had held possession of the book for weeks. ‘You. Learn’, the dwarf intoned roughly, pointing at Remus. The dwarf wandered off a bit to the side, beckoning Remus. Before the intrigued man could think twice, he found himself following the dwarf. The dwarf pointed at Remus’ axe repeatedly, and then motioned for Remus to open the book. He continued to prompt the bewildered man to turn the pages, and then held out his hand, instructing him to stop. It was a page with detailed drawings, they seemed to be of various kinds of ore, and showed various kinds of processes being applied to the ore to shape it into weapons. There was a blacksmith’s hammer, and complicated devices that Remus could not comprehend.
 
The dwarf pointed at his axe again. ‘You are telling me that I can craft a superior axe with your technology’ Remus asked rhetorically; aware that the dwarf would not be able to comprehend or speak whole sentences. The dwarf smiled and crept closer. It was a surreal and bizarre feeling being so close to a flesh and blood dwarf. Remus found himself staring into the dwarf’s eyes, recoiling from the alien intelligence and self-awareness that he saw. It was similar to what you would see in a human’s eyes, but in another way it was completely different. The dwarf patted him on his forearm in a gesture that seemed to be equivalent to a human slapping a friends’ back in good-natured cheer.
 
The dwarf then removed a pouch from his dirty furs and opened it in front of Remus’ eyes. Inside were small clay spheres. The dwarf indicated throwing them, and repeated ‘Danger. Danger’. He then handed the pouch to Remus, who accepted it out of pure curiosity. The dwarf then turned and quickly walked into the forest foliage. Remus stood staring at the pouch, then tied it up and put it in his pack. He glanced at his companions. They were asleep. Should he tell them? He shook his head, quickly packing his tome into his pack. Remus was panting heavily, overwhelmed by the experience. He could not read the tome now or deal with the experience, there was too much on his mind. He glanced around carefully, making sure he could neither hear nor see any foreign presence.
 
Remus sat back against the same tree, trying to focus his mind. 
 
* * *
 
Gedderick slowly crept away from the camp. He had seen the whole unusual encounter between Remus and the bearded dwarf without being seen by either party. It was almost unheard of for a human to possess the stealth prowess to avoid the perception of a Fey, but with enough painstaking practice and training, it was possible. Gedderick held no small measure of pride in this ability. 
 
The Royal Eye had decided not to assassinate the party, though he wielded the requisite weapons, poisons and skill to do so. They obviously had contact with dwarves, but it seemed the inter-species conspiracists had trouble communicating effectively. The pieces to the puzzle began to assemble in his head. These people had helped slay a rogue dwarf, but obviously had mutual relations with dwarves. Could it be the Fey were bribing these humans to be their spies? Did these three strangers go about earning trust in human kingdoms and then leaking information to the dwarves? He was not sure. They could be the tip of the spear of whatever strange conspiracy this heralded. Queen Millandrae must be informed. Slaying these people would only take away the element of surprise from the Yondern authorities. We could not have that. 
 
* * *
 
The three travelers were quiet, yet content during the journey home. They had survived an arduous experience, and would all enjoy having the time to reflect upon it. The only urgent thing weighing on their conscience was the ongoing war, and the dead dwarf they carried, that might end it. However, whatever had occurred in their absence, it likely would not change in a day, which was when they would arrive in High Peaks. They were not even sure if they could persuade the townspeople to end the war, even with the evidence that it was a rogue dwarf that slew the child.
 
It would all be resolved shortly. Hours flew by like a feather in a breeze for the introspective travelers. Soon, they camped just outside the borders of High Peaks. It was late and they were exhausted. A few hours of walking tomorrow morning would see them arrive at their hometown. Since Remus had taken first shift the previous day, he was taking last shift this night. As he drifted off into a deep sleep, it seemed that mere moments later he was awoken. This was a trick of his mind, as he could see it was a few hours to dawn, and his body had rested sufficiently. Sufficiently, but not as much as he would have liked. That would be addressed tomorrow, as he intended to hibernate like a bear once he arrived back home to his familiar bed. He was sure his companions felt the same. 
 
Perfidian was the awakener, having had second watch. Both men were groggy, Perfidian from desiring sleep and Remus from being torn from it. Few words were exchanged. Remus felt a thrill. He was finally ready to examine the new content in his book of lore. It took all his patience to wait a half hour until he was sure the bard was asleep, before he surreptitiously slipped the book out from his own back pack and opened it. His hands trembled as he examined the foreign handwriting on the new pages. The dwarf had sketched several pages of metallurgical diagrams. It would take intense scrutiny to piece together what they meant, but fortunately diagrams avoided the problems of trying to understand foreign tongues. Pictures told a thousand words, indeed.
 
He flipped to the next pages, curious as to what new words the dwarf might have inscribed-
 
‘What’re you doing, Reym’, Elaina’s voice sounded casually. His heart pounding in surprise, he turned his head to see her standing, yawning and reaching for her waterskin. She had merely woken up thirsty. It was too late to hide the book, and Elaina came over to chat. Her eyes focused on the book and emotions splayed across her face: surprise, confusion, then apprehension. ‘That is the book that you lost during the caravan battle’, she stated carefully. ‘Remus, where did you find that?’
 
Remus stuttered, his mouth struggling to form a coherent excuse. ‘Remus, where did you find it?’ she asked, more deliberately. He stood. ‘Look, Elaina, a dwarf approached me last night. It was the weirdest thing. He returned the book to me, and he added new writing to it. It could-’
 
She cut him off, ‘You have been communicating with dwarves without me? After all the dangers we have been through, how could you keep this from me?!’
 
‘It occurred last night, I have not had any other meetings with Fey that you were not present for. I did not know what to do’.
 
‘What else did he give you?’
 
‘There was also a pouch of spherical objects, I believe they are some kind of dwarvish weapon’.
 
Elaina’s eyes flared up in anger, ‘You are trading knowledge and weapons with dwarves, without telling me, or Perfidian! What if it is a trick, or a trap? Didn’t you think we deserved to know?! We have risked our lives for you!’
 
Perfidian rubbed his eyes and sat up, awakened by the shouting.
 
‘You have your own tools and weapons, Elaina!’ Remus countered. ‘I merely want to have my own, so I can perhaps save your life, as well as Perfidian’s! It is my job to gather lore; that is my role in the group’, he said conciliatorily. ‘I never knew your knowledge of herbology was advanced enough, to cultivate a leaf that could bring a man back from the brink of death’, he said praisingly, referring to the leaf she had used to restore his health. ‘And, I believe I saw you attempting a new type of spell in the battle with the dwarf’.
 
Elaina’s expression changed to one of slight contrition, even shame. She avoided his gaze and looked at the ground. The shift away from anger in her attitude was strange. Remus asked, ‘What is it, Elaina?’
 
‘I… I too was visited by a Fey. I think it was an elf. It happened on the road to Yondern, during my watch. She taught me… some things’.
 
It was Remus’ turn to be outraged. ‘So you scold me for not telling you about the dwarf, but you kept your meeting with the elf secret?!’
 
‘She was trying to help me Remus! She-’
 
‘And just how do you know that!’ he countered. 
 
Perfidian stood near the campfire, watching the fight passively. 
 
Remus went on sarcastically, ‘You always were the preacher type, weren’t you Elaina?! Always pushing others to achieve their best, always cajoling. You kept your meeting with an elf secret, yet have the hypocrisy to condemn me for withholding my meeting with the dwarf! We do not even know what role the elves have in this conflict! The bard and myself could have stood to know that’. He shook his head wearily. ‘I don’t even want to be here, I left my cabin, my life, to prevent people like you and I from being killed and tortured by the ignorant sheep in our town! That is all’.
 
‘Why don’t you return to your cabin, then?!’ Elaina screamed, wan features creasing in fury. ‘I had to drag you, and ‘cajole’ you into opening your heart and getting off your backside to help other people! You are nothing but a bitter hermit! Perfidian and I brought you back to life, tending you for three days! And this is how you show your gratitude!’
 
Remus shook his head and began packing up. ‘Let us just go. We have all gotten enough sleep’. Elaina began packing, and Perfidian did likewise. Observing the level of sunlight, he judged that he had gotten less than an hour of sleep, but he could recuperate in town. The bard shook his head as he joined his friends in continuing the journey. Both Remus and Elaina were inflexible, like weeds who didn’t bend in the wind. His new friends were stubborn folk, and even Perfidian’s communicatory skills may not be enough to smooth over the argument. 
 
The three travelers walked close together; despite the anger Remus and Elaina were feeling, they possessed enough tactical sense to realize walking alone was something best to be avoided. They had enough distance, however, to be well able to ignore each other. The three travelers walked introspectively, just as they had the previous day, but tension and anger laced through the air. Remus had the dwarf slung over his shoulder, and refused any entreaties by Perfidian to let him share the load. Perfidian sighed and fell into a marching trance, concentrating on the sound of his footsteps.
 
They felt apprehension as they arrived in High Peaks, but it had not changed from before. The buildings were intact, and people walked around on their business. But, like before, very few people were to be seen. The war seemed to be raging on still. As they entered the market square, they all felt a feeling of relief. Despite their misgivings for High Peaks, it was home. It was stable, and they had a bed to sleep in, a door to lock behind them. 
 
Seeking out someone to ask about the war, Remus spotted Perey. The young, skinny man sat lost in thought on a bench, face and clothes smeared here and there by grime and sweat. He was glad to see Remus, and explained that he joined the militia for the war effort. The poor boy had battle-trauma, but Remus was glad that he was alive. Questioning the boy about the state of the war effort, it became clear the war still raged on, and that reinforcements from Vitter Falls had joined the fight since last week.
 
That was not good, but at least no cities were involved. It was time to see the Mayor, and it must be done hastily. Remus glanced at Elaina and Perfidian. Despite the tension in the group, they had one last thing to do before they could rest and go their separate ways. Try to end the war. His companions had heard Perey’s recounting, and the three of them began walking towards the forest, asking guidance from straggling townspeople about the general direction in which they could find the main war band.
 
The Mayor’s war band seemed to have retreated closer to the town. They ran into soldiers and militia returning home from battle or heading out to join a war band; some dressed in unfamiliar tabards, obviously being from Vitter Falls. It was not long before they entered the clearing that held the remnants of the main war band. Walking into the encampment, they discovered that it was a lot more crowded than it had been last time. A makeshift hospice had been created, bedrolls strewn on the ground, injured souls lying on them. A makeshift roof had been erected to protect the sick from the rains that sometimes came in the forest. Field medics and nurses tended to them.
 
Most of the soldiers that were in the war camp before, still seemed to be alive, although their numbers may have been bolstered by reinforcements. Most bore the signs of battle, chipped, scratched and torn armour, and minor injuries that they gritted through. The soldiers who were not recuperating were in defensive lines, archers taking position, warriors and war dogs at the ready. Two worn ballistae were still manned. 
 
The Sheriff was preoccupied talking to a soldier on the front lines, but the Mayor was nowhere to be seen. They approached a large, central tent, deducting that the Mayor must be in there. The single guard standing outside glared at them, but stood aside to let them in. The Mayor sat hunched over a chair, bedraggled. He was staring at a map intently. He stood up as the three of them entered, eyeing the sack suspiciously. ‘Mayor, we have slain the rogue dwarf who slew the boy. We have his body here as proof of the deed’, Remus stated. He opened the sack and emptied out the contents, the twisted body thudding against the ground sickeningly. 
 
The Mayor crinkled his nose in disgust at the sight of the creature, and the strong smell of the preserving chemicals. He grabbed a spear that lay on his personal weapon rack and prodded the dead dwarf, turning it over. ‘So this is what they look like up close’. He looked each of the companions in the eye and asked ‘So what do you want me to do? This dwarf, according to you, is the one that killed the boy. That doesn’t change the fact that we have been attacked by these dwarves repeatedly and repeatedly. It does not erase the anger my people feel’.
 
‘Our people’, Remus clarified, drawing a sneer from the Mayor. ‘Dwarves have always attacked human settlements from time immemorial. The attacks have been particularly bad lately, perhaps because of the expansion of High Peaks. But, we have slain our share of dwarves, we have let them know we will not take it lying down. But why are we at war, why have we dragged Vitter Falls into this war? It is because of the poor boy that was slain. You know, as everyone knows, that dwarves never slay children. It is recorded well in history books that children are left be, even during the ancient wars. We have slain the monster that did it’.
 
Elaina walked forward and spoke, sharing a tense sidelong glance with Remus. ‘Mayor, when is the last time you heard of a human army waging war against a whole Fey settlement? It has not happened for ages. There is a good reason. Any prolonged war with the Fey results in terrible casualties, the magic and fierce allies that they can bring forward will be horrific. The boy will not be returned to life by a war, and the one responsible has been slain. Let all these men go home, before you inadvertently start a war that damages the entire region’.
 
The Mayor bent down and lifted the dwarf’s deformed claw. ‘It does resemble the wounds that I saw on the boy. I remember noticing that the wounds resembled claws, not the weapons dwarves favoured. I did notice… that the claw marks were large for an ordinary dwarf’. He stood and rubbed his hand over his eyes, exhausted. ‘This war has resulted in no progress. We have been unable to press deeply enough to find the dwarves’ den, and it has been a back and forth of skirmishes. Word is, giant beasts have been summoned to aid the vicious Fey’. He sighed and was lost in thought for a few moments.
 
‘Very well’, the Mayor said, defeated. ‘I will begin the preparations for a retreat back to the town, and will recall the aid from Vitter Falls. There would otherwise be no end in sight to this campaign’. 
 
The three companions were immensely relieved that their efforts were not in vain. They may have stopped a war that could have engulfed a whole region! 
 
The Mayor turned away to prepare, then stopped and addressed them again. ‘I am disturbed that you seem to be convening with these dwarves, it is not normal for men to talk to these beasts. You have aided us, and slain the evil dwarf. But be careful, lest you forget which side you are on’. 
 
The companions emerged from the tent, Remus massaging the shoulder that the sack had been slung upon. There was a brief moment of silence, as they considered what to say to each other. ‘I almost forgot’, Elaina said somberly, withdrawing a handful of coins from her backpack. ‘This is your share of the reward. Quintus gave us a fair number of coins for the effort’. As Remus began to refuse, Elaina insisted he take it, shoving it into his palm. 
 
The three of them walked home, each taking a separate path. 
 
CHAPTER 8
 
 
The next week was a time of resolution for the town, as it was for the three former companions; an ebbing of the tide. The Mayor ordered a gradual retreat of the forces, proclaiming that it was a rogue dwarf that slew the child, and that the said dwarf had been slain. He promised that the war with the dwarves was not over, but that the humans of High Peaks had to find a more effective way to combat them; as the current war of attrition was one the town could not afford. This was accepted by the still-angry townsfolk, and messengers were sent to the war bands to retreat. Within a few days the last stragglers had returned to the town. The allies from Vitter Falls had returned to their town, and were rewarded for their efforts.
 
Of course, the Mayor did not divulge the names of the heroes who had slain the dwarf, ending the war on the efforts of two outcasts and a stranger, would dilute the ‘victory’ the Mayor had delivered for his people. But, as things tend to, word did trickle down that it was Remus, Elaina and the travelling bard Perfidian who had slain the beast. This did not improve their reputation much, as the townsfolk held them equally in suspicion for the knowledge of the dwarves they seemed to possess.
 
 The Mayor did not divulge exactly how it was discovered that a rogue dwarf committed the atrocity, or how they found the dwarf. Whether this was to spare the three former companions the possible hostilities that the admission they communicated with the dwarves might bring, or whether it was to avoid the political headache that explaining his complicity with people who could convene with dwarves would create; they did not know. And of course, no financial reward would come the companions’ way, even though the soldiers and militia got paid; as they were not an official part of the effort. Who in the town would be generous enough to share rewards with outcasts and strangers, despite how much they may deserve it?
 
Things were relatively stable again, but not returned to normal. Extra guards had been recruited from the militia, and the militia had turned from volunteers who would pick up a spear in times of emergency, to a force bolstered with decent equipment and training provided by the town guard over time. More patrols swept through the edges of the forest and around town, especially at night when visibility was low. The informal alliance between High Peaks and Vitter Falls had not been needed for years before the short war, but elected officials from both towns began hammering out a formal alliance. In the interim, guards from Vitter Falls and High Peaks would coordinate their efforts, and would increase protection for travelers going from one town to another. The local people of Vitter Falls, shaken by the war that had erupted so close by, also began demanding greater security from their local guards. 
 
The war was over before it could escalate into city-spanning and perhaps region-spanning conflict. The people of High Peaks and Vitter Falls had gotten a glimpse of the powers that Fey could bring to bear, but it would have gotten a lot worse. Details of wars between Fey and Humans were scarce, being so rare, but all stories shared the same consensus: destruction and horror on a sheer scale always ensued. 
 
As for Weylin, the rogue Touched, they had not been able to find him, and the dangerous man could be anywhere in the known world by now.
 
Remus spent the first few days resting and recuperating, then resumed his woodcutting and continued his study of the Lore book. Whenever he opened the tome he was reminded of the falling out with Elaina, but it would not stop him from trying to decipher the new content. Elaina and Perfidian also spent a few days shaking off the wear and tear of the road, with the latter sleeping almost the whole first day back, in his rented room at the inn. Elaina continued her herbology trade, whilst Perfidian penned down all the details he could remember of the travels. He created some exaggerated stories with the names of characters replaced, and some ballads regarding the war, which he sampled with the local townspeople; earning a sum of coin.
 
Perfidian was the first to break the ice. He gathered Elaina, stating that it was time to talk to Remus and to bridge the chasm. Elaina was willing. She had been thinking of recent events, and realized it was wrong for her not to tell Remus about her meeting with the elf Thilenta, just as it was wrong for Remus to not inform her of his run in with the strange dwarf. Despite the trusting friendship that they had developed over the years, they both thought that they knew best. If they were to reforge their friendship, they would need to agree to share all of these things, and accept each other’s limitations. She wasn’t sure how the acerbic and unpredictable Remus would react, but Perfidian encouraged her to come with him and meet Remus.
 
They approached Remus’ cabin, noticing several nearby trees had been felled, and smelling sawdust in the air. Perfidian took the lead, knocking on the wooden door that served as the entrance to their former companion’s abode. Remus answered, and the expression on his face indicated he was not surprised they had come. ‘Hello Perfidian, Elaina. Please come in’, he said evenly. They sat on chairs around a small round table, the only table he had in his cabin. 
 
A half-empty mug of steaming Duusil Tea indicated that he had been nursing a cup of tea before being interrupted. Remus poured his two guests a cup of tea without asking, and sat down. ‘It is good you’ve come’ Remus began, ‘we need to talk’. Although it strained his limited social skills to say that, Elaina felt approval for his improved manners. She mildly chastised herself for the thought. It had been her didactic nature that had partly created the rift.
 
‘First of all, Perfidian, I hadn’t thanked you for your role in the journey’. The bard started shaking his head modestly, but Remus continued. ‘You risked life and limb, and had a part in saving my life. Thank you’. Perfidian accepted the compliment with a nod. 
 
Then Remus looked at Elaina, his brown eyes locking with her bright blue eyes. They both started to speak, but struggled for what they might say. The two of them had been friends since childhood, although there had always been a clash of personalities, of approaches, and arguments and admonishments had forever been part of their relationship. 
 
‘You know, where I come from, farmers and peasants have to eke out a hardscrabble existence, day in and day out’, said Perfidian unexpectedly. Remus and Elaina looked at him as he went on. ‘There wasn’t the luxury of helping a neighbour, or sharing with a neighbour, when a man had to struggle to feed his own. When I left my house and my father, mother, and siblings; my father was not worried for my safety. As I told him I wanted to go out and experience the world outside of my hometown, he simply gave me his old suit of chain from his army days, what coin he could spare, and told me to be on my way. I cannot blame him, and am grateful for what he gave. But, one thing that I have discovered to be exceedingly rare in this world is true friendship; true willingness to sacrifice to keep a loved one safe. Both of you have that’. 
 
Perfidian sat silent for a few moments, sipping his tea and letting his words sink in. ‘You two are too stubborn to admit it, or appreciate it, but you have that most rare of things’. Although he criticized them both, he predominantly glanced in Remus’ direction when he used the word ‘stubborn’. ‘I have had an experience travelling with you two, that I will never forget. This was my first foray out into the wider world, my first adventure as an amateur bard. I couldn’t have asked for a better group to travel in; as where else could I find two individuals who were dedicated enough to risk all to stop a war!’ 
 
They knew that it was a generous description of their motives, and of the series of events that led to the journey; but were grateful for his words nonetheless. They sat quietly for a moment, then Remus asked ‘Have both of you recovered from the exertions of the road? Are there any injuries still plaguing you?’ 
 
‘No, I am fine. I just needed a wagon-full of sleep after you interrupted my rest that night’, Perfidian jested.
 
Elaina was quiet. Remus looked at her sincerely. ‘How about you, Elaina? Are you fine?’
 
‘Yes, yes I am recovered. I just had the bruises of travel, and sore feet’ she responded tersely, looking at him.
 
‘Look, Elaina, from now on we have to tell each other anything important that happens… we need to talk about what is on our minds. I don’t think we will ever be the same person, or have the same perspective; but our friendship is something I do not want to break’.
 
Elaina sniffed, holding a kerchief to her face, wiping a few stray tears. ‘I have known you since you were just an impetuous boy. There was always a bond that glued us together in this town… I am willing to accept the offer of friendship from a grumpy hermit, if you will accept the friendship of a nosy, cursed Touched’.
 
‘The ‘grumpy hermit’ accepts’, Remus chuckled, clasping her forearm with his hand.
 
Elaina looked at Perfidian and added, ‘The foolish young bard is welcome to join as well, and accompany us on any further adventures’.
 
Perfidian laughed, but then grew serious. ‘I do have an announcement to make. As you know, I came to High Peaks to learn and perform songs and tales, and I certainly got more material than I bargained for. But now I feel that it time for me to move on to new adventures. I may take up the offer for employment made by Quintus and the other factions in Yondern… We will see’.
 
Elaina and Remus understood, the colourful young man certainly had no reason to stay in High Peaks for too long. 
 
‘Now is as good a time as any’ Perfidian said, ‘I have had my fill of your fine town and am already packed’.
 
Remus and Elaina stood and escorted him to the door, exchanging a simple goodbye. Perfidian began walking away towards his inn, to retrieve his packed belongings. He walked away as his friends watched, and soon he turned a corner and was gone from sight.

* * *
 
Over the next couple of months, Elaina and Remus went back to their routine in High Peaks, except that it was not exactly their normal routine. Elaina helped him decipher the new content in his book, trying to puzzle out what the dwarf was trying to convey; and whether they could utilize the information. Elaina found herself coming over more often, and Remus often came over to her house, book in hand, excited about a new insight. Remus aided Elaina in trying to expand her Touched powers, and they even tried futilely to try and plant one of the remaining leaves the elf had given her. Unfortunately, the leaf would not take in the soil.
 
They would occasionally travel to a clearing outside of town, sometimes accompanied by Ardharwin and other witches from High Peaks. Of course, the ‘witches’ had no real powers, and Remus still felt strange using that word to describe them. Elaina would try and channel her powers in new ways during these sessions, and expand upon the spell the elf had taught her. As she gestured and chanted her spells, Remus would sit on a rock and observe, giving advice and occasionally laughing as Elaina stumbled. 
 
Elaina did not discover any new uses of her powers over water and wind, although her command over the elements certainly increased. Using her powers was not so much about learning spells, as about harnessing her inborn ability to manipulate the elements. Her expertise over the confusion spell increased however, the translucent purple bubble expanding and lasting for a decent duration. It was almost impossible for others to see the bubble, which was an almost invisible aura, unless it caught one’s eye or if they really were looking intently. She was, however, not willing to use it on her friends for practice. Manipulating emotions and instincts magickally was something she would save for enemies.
 
Elaina, who never spoke much about her life-long feelings of isolation very often, began to forget that she was a Touched or an outcast, and truly felt like she had a home. Remus, and her friends in the coven, would be there for her. 
 
Remus continued his woodcutting, and Elaina her herbology; though they had saved their reward from Quintus, they were hardly rich. They also needed an occupation to busy their mind, as they found their thoughts buzzing, and a feeling of restlessness plaguing them. They had experienced a taste of the outside world, and in comparison, life in High Peaks seemed so static. The local townspeople’s attitude towards them had hardly changed, for their work in killing the murderous dwarf had been neutered by their apparent ability to communicate with some of the dwarves. Rumour spread surprisingly fast in a small town. 
 
Remus and Elaina did not want to venture too far in the forest near High Peaks, for fear of sparking another conflict. The forest edge near town was heavily patrolled, and there was an air of overt suspicion in the air, more toxic than before. The town was stable and safe as it was before the war, but they had lost their freedom to explore. Previously, although they were disliked, Remus and Elaina could go about their business, venturing into the forest whenever they liked. Now, it was difficult for Elaina to even gather her herbs without being challenged. Life went on outside High Peaks, as did opportunities for learning and growth.
 
One afternoon Remus was sitting by the fireplace in his small cabin, staring at the arquebus that was mounted against his wall. The beautiful instrument had been given to him by Albertus, the Steelwielder missionary. Where was he now, Remus wondered? He had asked around, and was informed the Missionaries had left soon after the conflict started, helping in the fighting for a few days and then announcing that they must return to their home city of Telruth to rejoin their Steelwielder comrades. They may be there, or may be on another journey for their faction. 
 
Remus had no desire to join any faction, but they were part of the goings on in Glenryth, and he may be able to learn something from them. A knock on his door, which was left unlocked, alerted him. He absent-mindedly said ‘Come in’. It was Elaina. The curious look in her eyes told him that she had something to talk about. She pulled a chair near the fireplace, sitting down. 
 
‘Hello Elaina. It feels different being in town now, doesn’t it?’
 
‘It does. I’m not sure whether High Peaks has changed, or whether we have. Probably both’.
 
Remus couldn’t argue. ‘Tell me more about the Steelwielders, and the offers they, and Quintus, made to you in Yondern’, he requested.
 
She repeated the story to him, and Remus asked elaborating questions about the individuals that they met. 
 
‘This town feels just as oppressive as it did before, but we have lost some measure of privacy and freedom’ Remus said. Elaina nodded, she too had been having the same thoughts.
 
They both felt the thrill of adventure, but did not want to be the one to broach the idea… their recent journey had been the only time they had left the town, besides minor excursions. They were silent for a moment, and there was a tinge of excitement in the air. 
 
‘Well, are you suggesting that we go to Yondern?’ Elaina asked brashly. 
 
Remus nodded slowly, ‘I believe I am’.
 
So it was decided. They paid a visit to the Sheriff and Mayor and informed them that they were leaving for a long period of time. The officials had the same attitude as usual, but agreed to protect their property while they were gone. Remus and Elaina would leave the next morning. 
 
As Remus packed his travelling supplies, he felt the adrenaline coursing through his veins in anticipation. He would be leaving the town and its limitations, and would have an opportunity to explore the world in its vastness. After a night of troubled sleep, the excitement was even more heightened, now that the morning of departure had come. It almost felt that if he did not pack his supplies and leave as soon as he could, that someone or something would arrive and snatch away the nascent adventure. 
 
He finished packing, and waited for Elaina outside his cabin. She arrived a few minutes later, her flaxen-blue waves of hair dancing in the wind. There wasn’t much to say, and they simply started walking towards the main road, taking the first steps of their journey.
 
EPILOGUE
 
 
King Dorbuuk sat on his stone bed in his private chambers in the cave, rubbing his forehead with his hand. The massive stone door seemed to loom over the old dwarf, separating himself from his kin. He was supposed to be in one of the long sleeps that dwarven Kings spent most of their lives in. Dorbuuk had been Awake for longer than usual, and needed his long sleep to recover his energy. Boruggh had been slain, and the weeks-long war had ended. This had occurred a month ago. 
 
The Clanhome had returned to normal, the dwarven army receding as they noticed the human’s own retreat. The dwarves would continue to fight the strange invaders with their usual tactics. Total war was always tiresome, the humans, though primitive, had tools and were incredibly stubborn. When would these hairless creatures stop their expansion, their violation of the balance and of Eldemon’s edicts? The dwarf could not feel sympathy for the loss of the child, it was a simple mistake caused by the escape of Boruggh. 
 
He had ordered some of his trustworthy kin to investigate how the massive shackles and chains had been broken, but there had been no conclusive explanation. The shackles were thick, but the lock was simple and easy to pick. Why wouldn’t it be? Boruggh could hardly pick the lock with his hands shackled, and without access to tools. Any dwarf could easily craft a lockpick to defeat the lock, but why would any dwarf desire to? Dorbuuk would have to keep his eyes open, upon his next Awakening.
 
Jabghar had also delivered the book of lore to the strange human man, who was travelling with the human woman he was usually with, and another man. Dorbuuk did not know what would come of it, but humans could be tempted easily, and it was a situation he must remain informed about. But that would have to wait for a later time. Dorbuuk felt a wave of exhaustion, and lay on the slab of stone that served as his bed, eyes closing and waiting for sleep.
  
 
AN EXCERPT OF THE SHARD OF PALRINAH, THE UPCOMING 2nd BOOK IN THE REMUS ROTHWYN CHRONICLES
 
 
Weylin strode across the marble-lined bridge in the Monastery of St. Palrinah. The monastery was perched on a seaside cliff face, and the complex expanded onto small islands near the cliff-side. The two small islands were as tall as the mainland cliff-side, small areas of land elevated atop of protruding towers of rock. The monastery towered over the roaring surf below, and wide bridges connected the main building with the islands. Sounds of gulls, bright sunlight, and fresh salt air greeted Weylin as he made his way to the main monastery proper, but he was not the kind of man who could readily appreciate these things. His mind was focused on some very interesting and confidential information that had been divulged to him by his superiors, and his steps were quick and guided. 
 
The recent months had been turbulent, but ultimately were a blessing for the dark-haired, boyish-faced man. He had risen through the ranks of the Paragonites fairly quickly; he was still low-ranking, but reaching the position of Disciple of the First Order this quickly was rare. He wore the robes of the order, which were burnt-orange and brown coloured and inscribed with the tenets of the order. His well-made leather sandals clipped on the stone bridge. He certainly looked the part of a Paragonite monk, and had done a good job of conveying his zealotry for the order. However, if one looked carefully at his hazel eyes, you would see not faith or religious zeal, but ambition.
 
Weylin reached the entrance to the monastery, and began ascending the stairs. The interior was dim and cool, intense sunlight being channeled through windows, throwing splotches on the ground. Groups of robed monks stood quietly conversing in corners, or sat on the floor praying. As Weylin walked towards Brother Renaldin’s private chambers, he reflected on the time that had passed since he left his home town of High Peaks. At first, it was an initial rush through the forest, surviving as well as he could. Approaching Yondern, he cleaned himself up as much as he could in a forest pond, so he could be presentable upon entering the city, a place he had been to before to practice law.
 
He talked to some old clients, and there was one who was having legal problems related to land issues. He already had a lawyer, but saw the need for an assistant for his lawyer, to assist in the drudgery of paperwork and clerical matters. Weylin moved to the client’s estate outside the city to complete the task, and remained there for the duration of the job, glad to be out of sight from the authorities. Weylin hardly remembered anything about the case, he had been merely interested in earning enough money to travel further. In the few days he spent in Yondern, he did research about any potential job offers he could find, that would take him out of the city. 
 
The Steelwielders and St. Lusites were strong in the city, but Weylin thought it would be unwise for a Touched to be part of organizations that eschewed his kind, or any connection to magic. He heard of a conflict between the Steelwielders and the Paragonites from Eruthia, and performed more research on the group, discovering that they had a more tolerant attitude towards magick and the Touched. There were a few Paragonites in Yondern, as open war had not been declared yet, and he got to talking with them, persuading them he was a rogue needing salvation, and that he very much admired their tenets. He was advised to go a city in Eruthia named Rhineholm, and ask for admission at the Paragonite compound there. 
 
Crossing the border into Eruthia, he had arrived at Rhineholm. The resourceful man had managed to persuade the priests of St. Palrinah to give him a chance. The work started off as assisting them in diplomatic issues, using his clerical and legal skills, but then soon he became involved in fighting their enemies and defending their interests. He had confided in his superiors about his Touched skills, hoping it would give him an advantage that countered his lack of physical or martial prowess. 
 
They had been welcoming regarding his powers, and Weylin completed more and more tasks successfully, learning about the faith and projecting a dedication to it. He had eventually been shipped to a Monastery dedicated to St. Palrinah, located in a remote area outside the gates of any city, to train and help the cause in a greater capacity.
 
Weylin’s training and routine assignments had been interrupted this day by his master, who bequeathed upon him some private information that was most intriguing. He would learn more when he arrived at Brother Renaldin’s chambers. Weylin snapped out of his reminiscing as he entered the corridor that contained his master’s quarters. Knocking on the door, he was told to step in. 
 
Inside the room sat Renaldin, two senior Disciples, and a man that Weylin had not seen before. ‘Sit, Brother’, Renaldin bade him in his dulcet tones. The two senior priests gave Weylin a curt nod, while the unidentified man simply stared ahead. ‘As I told you this morning, Weylin, one of our fold found a very unique Touched, one such as yourself… but quite different. He sits right over there’. Renaldin gestured towards the unidentified man. 
 
Weylin observed the man, taking in every detail. He was powerfully built, and was a normal looking man, although he seemed to permanently have a dour expression on his face. His brown-hair was close-shaven. Weylin noticed that he wore robes of pure grey, unlike the robes of the Order. Why would they make him wear grey, unless it was to somehow distinguish or separate him from the rest of the Brothers and Sisters of the order?
 
‘What is his name?’ Weylin asked.
 
‘His previous name and identity no longer matter. I… have decided to name him ‘the Prodigy’, for his exceptional abilities in the use of magick’.
 
‘Oh. And where was he found, and by whom?’ Weylin inquired.
 
‘He was found wandering in Eruthia, spurned by all, needing a home and purpose. Who found him is none of your concern, but he or she has been well rewarded. The Prodigy has been with us for months now, and Brother Gaius has been handling his training himself’.
 
Weylin knew of brother Gaius, he had a reputation for being the harshest and most abusive of instructors at the monastery. The reputation was well-earned, as Weylin had discovered during his brief attendance in one of the brother’s classes. As the Prodigy stared forward blankly, a shred of sympathy sparked in Weylin’s mind at the removal of identity and value the monks had subjected him to. Weylin’s own journey had been inspired by the desire to retain his individuality, identity and value- rather than rotting away in prison or hanging from the executioner’s noose.
 
‘Let us get to the main revelation, the very aspect that made us so interested in the Prodigy. He, you see, has access to all four elements’.
 
Weylin was taken aback mentally, carefully considering the words. 
 
Renaldin smiled knowingly, not surprised at the reaction. He had received the exact same reaction when he informed the other select high-ranking members, of the situation. ‘That is right, Brother Weylin. Our friend here is the only human in known history to have control over the power of flame, wind, water and earth. And his raw power with each of these sources is quite impressive. He is a most unique Touched’. Renaldin sat back on his wooden chair and clasped his hands on his chest.
 
‘If this is true, then he will be a great asset indeed’. Weylin immediately regretted the words, he was not sure if he had stepped over the line into subordination by implying he did not believe Renaldin’s statement. 
 
Renaldin simply smiled and suggested a demonstration.
 
* * *
 
 
BIBLIOGRAPHY

If you enjoyed Steel, Magick and Faith, you may want to look for the next in The Remus Rothwyn Chronicles series, The Shard of Palrinah, out now. It would really help if you were kind enough to leave a review as well.

For a list of books by T.P. Grish, please visit: 

The Official Author Page:

http://booksoftpgrish.blogspot.com.au

To join my mailing list, to get first notification of new books and sales, please go to:

https://tinyletter.com/TPGrish


T.P. Grish devoured fantasy books since he was a kid, particularly liking character-based fantasy novels with exciting sequences, complex stories and a lode of deeper meaning. Although he also loved fantasy movies and hobby gaming, his dream to write his own fantasy novels was always at the forefront. Today, he is a PhD doctoral student and part-time business writer who can't help but daydream about writing novels for you to read. 
 
