STRANGE TALES

FOR COZY NIGHTS – 2 

by Brian Bakos


Howdy, folks!


cover art: Tony Ortiz   photography: Brian Bakos

Copyright 2022, Brian Bakos
Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. It may not be re-sold or given away to anyone else. If you want to share this book, please buy an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, please return to Smashwords.com and obtain your own copy. Thanks for respecting the author’s hard work.


Table of Contents
Prologue
Suicide Weather
Summer on Stupid Farm
Autumn Picnic
Scratch-Off Man
The Missionaries
It’s a Wonderful Death
The Green Building
RBU
The Last Trick or Treater
Postscript
Connect with the Author
Brian’s Other Books

Prologue

A word from the author:
Are you the sort who enjoys a little “dead” in the dead of night? Do horrors creeping outside your window hold a special attraction? If so, these stories are for you. They occur in a variety of settings, so with a little imagination, you can put yourself into at least one scenario. 
Please do not worry. Even the worst nightmares aren’t real. Or are they? 
Suicide Weather

1. Unwelcome phone call
Beyond the garage door is suicide weather with thick clouds pressing down like the upholstered lid of a giant casket. Night fog rolls in and chokes the world with the stillness of a strangling victim’s grave. Only the occasional car hissing along wet pavement dispels the impression. 
I close the door and turn to my old sedan. Brenda took the SUV when she left with her latest bum… and Chelsea. 
I pat the hood. “You and me again, Old Paint.”
How many adventures had this car transported me on during my reckless youth? Concerts, parties, dodging the cops—seats loaded with yowling friends and the beer flowing. Now it’s a wreck but still has enough spunk to take me on one more ride. 
As I wrench open the door on its crying hinges, my cell phone erupts from the passenger seat.
“Goddammit!”
It’s my ‘big brother’ Greg calling—my only sibling—the high school quarterback, college jock, and rising star in his company. The smug, condescending one who’s marrying the hot girl. You just know things will work out great for them. Why the hell is he bothering with me now?
I switch off the phone and toss it in the glove box next to the revolver. That ought to shut him up. I start the engine and enter the house through the connecting door.

Here inside “our” home, the atmosphere is more pleasant. My mind relaxes a bit for the first time since everything went to hell. I enjoy the peace of certainty, and the hamster wheel in my head slows. The bourbon relaxes me; it’s quality stuff, a good aroma to it. Car exhaust fumes mingle with the whiskey smell.
This little passageway leading to the garage is a comfortable spot, especially with the reclining chair I’ve lugged in. All is set up—door to the house closed, door to the garage open, Old Paint’s exhaust pipe belching fumes.
How long will it take? I wonder between sips of bourbon.
A garage would be a low place to end one’s earthly existence, so I chose the comfort of my favorite chair. I take a healthy swig of liquor and close my eyes.
Little Chelsea’s face appears. I’ll never see the real one again. She’s in danger… maybe it’ll be okay… her mom would never harm her intentionally. What about her boyfriend, though? I can’t do anything about it… maybe a better man could.
The landline phone rings in the house, just beyond the closed door. 
Damn!
My answering machine voice kicks in, much too loud. “We are not available to take your call. Please leave your name and number, and we’ll get back to you.”
Such a pompous sounding fool! When did I record that message? A month ago? Little did I imagine the nosedive life would take in that time.
Beep!
Greg’s voice booms over the wires. “Are you home, Bob? I’ve been trying to get through to your cell.”
“Get lost, Greg!” I snarl at the answering machine lurking beyond the door. Why the hell did I keep that old landline, anyway?
“Listen, Bob, I’ve checked out an excellent divorce attorney. She specializes in winning child custody cases for men, and she’s got a solid reputation. She works with top investigators. You ought to go see her. If money’s a problem, we can make some arrangement…”
“Listen, Bob.” How many times have I heard those patronizing words? “Excellent, solid, top”—the usual pep talk adjectives thrown at us loser types. Does this “solid reputation” lady specialize in putting crushed men back together? 
Greg is speaking again. “Something’s wrong. I know you’re there. Look, I’m coming over. Stay put.”
Of all the lousy timing! The absurdity overwhelms me. I can’t help but laugh. “Yeah, sure, come on over!” I shout at the now silent answering machine. “Join me in a little bourbon and carbon monoxide.”
If Greg jumps in his car immediately, he’ll be here in ten minutes, less if he doesn’t mind running a stop sign or two. What if he calls 911? The cops might get here even sooner.
I lurch out of my chair, upending the bourbon bottle, and head into the garage. The atmosphere is thick and hazy; the exertion makes me light-headed. Should I stick my nose into the tail pile and inhale deeply? Would the poison gas work quickly enough to foil the cavalry charge? 
Not a good idea. I’d be found on the oil-stained concrete like some bag of garbage, a real bum at the end. And what if they revived me to live on as a brain-damaged vegetable? That would be a real achievement. Brenda could visit me at the meat locker.
I punch the garage door switch, breaking the plastic and cutting my knuckles. The door groans open. Still, night air clears my head a little. I yank open the driver-side door and slide onto the cracked vinyl seat. The old sedan slumps around me, the ideal companion for this assignment. We roar out to the street.
2. Into the night
“Good riddance, Brenda, along with your booze and dope!” I curse the empty night. “Why’d you have to take Chelsea? What possible good is a four-year-old girl to you?”
I try to shove Chelsea out of my mind. She’s gone, lost, better off without me. I’d been an idiot to spill the bourbon now that I need it so much. I motor through the darkness.
What will Greg think when he gets to my house? He might be there now. I can imagine his puzzlement at seeing the open doors, the spilled bourbon. Go ahead and sponge some up. The drink’s on me!
He’d warned me about Brenda. She was a sleazy, unreformed party girl, in his opinion. This created a major rift, and the two of us barely spoke during the past five years. Greg had been right, though, as always. 
He won’t be able to find me as I move through the night in the old car, revolver in my glove box. No one will see me again in this life. 
I’m driving on autopilot, somehow maneuvering the car safely while my mind is far away from the task. My soul is on the hamster wheel going round and round, absorbed with the horror of my situation. Memories of my lost loved one gnaw at my mind—not Brenda; I recognize my mistake with her, but little Chelsea, gone forever. 
The.38 Special will have to do the job. 
Funny thing is, I purchased it for Brenda. She said she didn’t feel safe trekking the parking lot at work and driving after dark. This complaint came with the edge that, if I made more money, she wouldn’t have to work such long hours at the big box store.
So, I got her this lightweight, five-shot, hammerless design. Even has a built-in laser. Before I could present it, along with the included firearms training class, she dropped the bombshell about Jeff and her desire for “more freedom.” This came in a note attached to the divorce papers after she’d already cleared out with everything she could take, including my child, whom she is keeping from me. Needless to say, the joint accounts had also been emptied.
I’d heard of this Jeff character. She knew him before he went to the slammer on “overblown” drug and kiddie porn charges. And, yeah, he does have a bit of a temper and beat up a previous girlfriend, but that’s all in the past. He’s done with jail and is enjoying his tumbles with Brenda. Everything is great now.
Our familiar suburb teems with mystery. I can barely make out the playground equipment in the little park where I used to take Chelsea. Lights from a commercial street peer through the mist ahead. Things don’t seem right. I’m not right myself. Who would be when they’re getting ready to blow their brains out? The liquor store where I purchased the bourbon glides past. It’s still open for business.
Shit! I left my wallet home. 
Maybe I could stick up the place with the revolver. No, that would sully my reputation, and it’s already ruined enough. The shop where I purchased Chelsea’s trike appears. It’s closed and dark—dead. The Presbyterian church glides by, and across from it is the funeral home. Convenient juxtaposition, one-stop shopping, as it were.
I’m through town and entering the freeway, opening up the old V8. It’s still got plenty of power. The familiar, throaty roar settles my nerves a bit. Not much traffic, lampposts illuminating the route. I switch off my headlights and drift into the right lane. Visibility is not much worse without the headlights. The air above is an undifferentiated glow. A bridge abutment zips past. I could have turned into it! Maybe the next one.
When another overpass approaches, an irate driver ruins things. He comes up behind, laying on his horn. He pulls alongside and shouts out the passenger window.
“Turn on your fucking lights!”
I wave a polite thank you and turn them on. Guess it’s back to plan A. Or is it plan B? I’m in the midst of the big city, my staid suburb far behind. I pull off at the next exit, paying no attention to the name.
The sky is full of red and yellow glimmers behind the fog. Aurora Borealis this far south?
3. The grim district
The streets are empty and sparsely lit, with rubbish blowing past my wheels. Deserted multi-story buildings gape at me through their smashed windows. I drive under a nonfunctioning traffic signal. This area has the look of a vast, ruined insane asylum from which the inmates have escaped. Farther on looms a derelict industrial facility, its dead smokestacks affronting the sky.
I pull over next to a big open field of debris and shut off the rumbling V8. It coughs in protest, as if unwilling to park in this Twilight Zone atmosphere.
Well, here we are. 
The fog dissipates, and a cold moon throws shadows across the rubble. The aurora lights flicker and vanish. I pull the revolver from the glove box and get out to walk. The air chilling my face has a subtle burned odor. My shoes crunch on broken glass. 
The gun is cold and heavy in my coat pocket. Where shall I use it? Not such an easy matter now. One thing to die peacefully in your own home and leave a presentable corpse, quite another to blow your head off in an abandoned lot. I think of returning to the car for the final act, but the thought of defiling Old Paint is unbearable.
Greg with his idiotic notions about “specialist” attorneys! What does that matter now? I’m worthless. No path exists out of this hell. My hand rests on the gun butt; I fondle its laser button. Don’t suppose I’ll need the laser to hit the target tonight. I move farther into the rubble field.
Memories of Carla, my high school sweetheart, intrude—a cute little blonde, married now with two children. She’d be a great wife and mother. I passed on her because she was too conventional. I wanted more excitement. Well, I got plenty. If only Mom and Dad were still alive… 
A realization slams into me with the power of a freight train: I want to stay alive! 
I halt my progress and glance around the rubble field. A rotten, gritty smell blows across it and into my nostrils. High in a distant building, a red light flicks on. A shadowy figure paces through it. How did I get to this hellish place? 
In my car, of course, driven along on a wave of self-pity and foolishness. I’m ready to punch my ticket right when the most important person in the world needs me. Little Chelsea, alone with a drugged-out mother and a dangerous ex-con, nobody to fight for her— 
“Nice night, isn’t it?” a low, gravelly voice says at my right ear. 
I should be jumping out of my skin, but I’m not particularly surprised for some reason. A tall, thin man in a dark coat and hat is striding beside me.
“The moon is beautiful, no?” he says. “Like the little buttocks of children, so tight.” 
Moonbeams glint on his smile. I can’t see much of his face, only that it’s pallid and thin. The mouth slashes open with a sandpaper noise, and the grin is sharp.
“Out for a stroll, my friend?” another voice says on my left.
I turn to see another, similar man. He doesn’t smile with the moonlight gleam on his teeth. Something else shines in his hand—a knife. This makes an absurd impression. I stifle my own grin.
“You are amused, my friend?” The one on my right says. He also carries a knife now.
“Not at all. Who are you guys, the grim brothers? What are you doing out here?”
They can’t be real. I’m going off my nut. 
The one on my right bumps against me. He’s solid, as real as anybody else in this crappy world. I take him to be in charge of this pair, the ‘big brother.’
“We are same as you,” he says, “out seeking release.”
“Uh-huh.”
I fumble out a pack of cigarettes and light one up, neglecting to offer anything to my new friends. The knuckles of my right hand are bloody from punching the garage door switch. Hungry eyes observe them. I shove the hand back into my coat pocket and grip the.38. Blazing moonlight assaults my vision. You could read an obituary under it.
Comprehension penetrates my thick skull. These persons intend to kill me. Imagine that, murdering a suicide! I can’t help laughing. The cigarette smoke combined with the bourbon in my empty stomach renders me light-headed. 
“We hunt the young ones,” the creature on my right says. “You wish to help us?”
I’m instantly sober. Mortal fear turns my guts to jelly as a lightning flash of insight illuminates my brain. “I know who you guys are.”
“Oh?” the leader says.
“I know who you’re after. I’m in your way, aren’t I?”
A hand seizes my left arm in an iron grip. 
“No!” I tear my arm away and tumble onto the ground. 
Rubble jabs my back. The two figures tower above, advancing through the darkness. Their arms slither at me like writing snakes. I have the gun out, aiming at the right-side horror. The laser beam strikes sharp teeth.
Blam! Blam! Blam!
To the left, two more shots, then empty clicks. Night soaks up the sound while the blasts echo in my head. Somewhere a dog barks furiously. A knife has landed on my chest; I snatch it and scramble to my feet. Running, stumbling, not daring to look back.
4. Retreat from the edge
The headlong flight across the rubble seems endless. My feet slip; I nearly go down. Vile laughter echoes in my mind. I have no idea where I am or how to escape. Must keep moving, somehow, across the ruined ground. Ahead, a night bird explodes into the air, screeching, a giant rat clutched in its talons. Other rats scurry over my feet. Hammer blows strike my chest; I can scarcely breathe the decayed air. 
Just as I’m about to give up hope, I collide with my car. I wrench the door open and leap behind the wheel.
“Don’t fail me now!”
The trusty V8 roars into life. I’m off too fast, running onto the curb. A street lamp post zips by too near. My heart pounds, and my breathing comes too fast; I’m about to faint! I pull my sweatshirt over my nose and concentrate on slowing my respiration. I ease my foot from the accelerator.
Finally, the panic abates. I grip the wheel two-handed and crawl through the wasteland. The fog settles back in while I retrace my route to the freeway. Unseen terrors lurk outside my windows, praying to their evil gods that my car will fail, that my nerves will crack. I glance around to make sure the doors are all locked. Something catches my eye: a long, wicked knife with a black handle lying on the passenger side floor. 
Ugh! 
My first thought is to open a window and throw the horrible thing outside. A cooler impulse prevails.
“Think I’ll keep you as a reminder.”
I have won for now, but they are still out there, hoping I will weaken. Many times I’ve heard the saying, “Over my dead body!” Now, I truly understand its meaning. 
A stop sign, battered and rusty, approaches. Another sign indicates to turn right for the freeway. I halt and rummage my cell phone from the glove compartment. 
“Where the hell have you been?” Greg scolds by way of answer. “I’m at the house. You left the damn door wide open! It’s—”
“I’m fine. Please spare me the lecture.” My voice is surprisingly calm. 
Greg is surprised, too, judging by the abrupt silence. He’s not used to getting pushback.
“I want to see that lawyer you mentioned,” I say. “Put up some coffee, okay? We’ll talk when I get there.”
A few more seconds of quiet before Greg speaks. “All right… hang tough. Love you, bro.” 
He’s never told me that before. I wipe a tear away and concentrate on the foggy road home.
Summer on Stupid Farm

(Institute for Children’s Literature)

“Get in here quick!” Uncle Pete yelled from the barn door. “Storm’s a comin’!”
We all ran for shelter—me, my older sister Kelley, the dog and cat, even the chickens. I was plenty scared but way too excited to think about the danger. Something interesting had come to this stupid farm, at last.
“Ouch!” Kelley yelped as the first giant hailstones struck. She shoved past me, knocking me off balance.
I barely made it through the door before tumbling over. The dog crashed into me, then the other animals. I lay stunned in a jumble of wet feathers and collie hair.
Outside, lightning flashed and thunder roared like the end of the world had arrived. Hail gave way to pounding rain. 
Kelley tugged at my sleeve. “Nate, are you all right?”
“Sure, ” I said, “it only hurts when I breathe.”
She had a worried frown on her face, a frown that said, “Mom and Dad will kill me if I’ve hurt Nate.”
Since I was obviously not going to die yet, a mean smirk replaced the frown on Kelley’s face. The last time I’d seen that expression was last week. I’d been at the bus station all set for a trip to see Grandma and Grandpa when Kelley suddenly appeared.
“Grandma called,” she’d said in that snotty voice of hers. “They’re not gonna be home.”
They’d decided, at the last minute, to run off to some foreign country and do a ‘church mission’ for the summer. I didn’t know they were religious, or maybe they just didn’t want me showing up at their place. My grandparents are strange and kind of creepy. At least they’re interesting. Grandma makes great cherry pie, too.
I returned home, and the bus left without me. I’d have to go someplace else for the summer, which is how I ended up stuck with Kelley on this farm. She likes the dump for some reason. Aunt Martha and her are real buds. It’s not that Uncle Pete and Aunt Martha are bad people; I just don’t like them very much. They’re boring, and so is their farm.
Suddenly, a huge piece of barn roof caved in, burying Uncle Pete in the rubble.
“Looks like there won’t be an adult character at center stage in this story,” Kelley said.
“Guess it’s just us,” I agreed.
Kelly jerked a thumb at herself. “That makes me the main character.”
I knew from experience that she packed quite a punch if you got her mad. I changed the subject.
“Look at that!”
Water raged past the door like a river rapid. Aunt Martha shot by on a piece of wreckage, kicking and screaming.
“Why is she so upset?” I asked.
“Shows you how much boys know,” Kelley said. “Can’t you see that she got her hair wet? And her new apron looks awful.”
A moan came from under the rubble.
“Hurry, we’ve got to save Uncle Pete!” I cried.
We quickly dug him out. Except for a sprained ankle, he seemed okay.
“Thanks, kids,” he said. “I’d a smothered for sure if you hadn’t a come along. Why, this is the worst storm since— ”
“That’s enough talking,” Kelley said. “Don’t forget who the main character is in this story.”
The water rose steadily, and only the stone walls kept the barn from collapsing altogether. Chickens floated by. Drowning seemed a distinct possibility. Sure, I’d wanted excitement, but not this much.
“Help me with Uncle Pete,” I said.
We dragged him up to the loft, ahead of the rapidly rising water. The pain of his sprained ankle had him yowling all the way. But when water filled the loft and drove us out the window onto the roof, Uncle Pete had no trouble keeping up.
We clung for dear life to the top of the roof, merciless rain pounding us. Kelley was pinned down right next to me. Would her face be the last thing I’d see in this life?
With the water bare inches from us, the rain stopped. In nothing flat, the water drained away, as if somebody had pulled the plug of a giant bathtub. Only mud remained.
“Over there!” Kelley shouted. “I see Aunt Martha.”
“That’s her, all right,” I said. “She’s caught hold of a tree limb.”
Kelley slipped back through the window. Soon afterward, I saw her leave the barn and slog off through the mud toward Aunt Martha. I started to follow.
“Hold on a minute,” Uncle Pete said. “What’s the big rush?”
“Aunt Martha is heavy. Kelley will need help with her.”
“Maybe she will, and maybe she won’t. At least we got rid of them for a while, didn’t we?”
He did have a point.
“Say, Nate, how about you and me goin’ into town, if there still is a town, and tryin’ out that new restaurant? I hear they got good cherry pie.”
I’m starting to like Uncle Pete a lot better.
Autumn Picnic

1. Appetizer
Nichole carried a silkscreened tote bag on her shoulder. Her long, dark hair brushed against the marker buoy floating upon a blue infinity. A red 8 topped the buoy, and a zipper hid the tote’s bulging contents from view.
“Nice bag,” Mark said. “Where’d you get it?”
“Bought it online, one of those ‘starving artist’ websites. They customized the number for me.”
“Is eight your lucky number?”
“Yeah, in a manner of speaking.”
They turned off the main forest trail and continued on a much narrower one. Ground cover intruded on this path, seeking to reclaim the territory.
“How much farther?” Nichole asked.
“Oh, a ways.” Mark gestured to the old-fashioned wicker basket dangling from his right hand. “Hope my arm holds up that long.”
“What’s in the basket?”
“A bunch of stuff from the deli. I think you’ll like it.”
Mark shifted the burden to his left hand. Bottles clinked among the basket contents. The pair continued their journey through the woods, moving farther off the beaten track toward the little clearing and its agitated voices sighing in the breeze.
“I like it out here,” Nichole said. “Very secluded. Are there lots of bugs at the clearing?”
“Naw, especially not this time of year. The buggies are all checking out.”
Nichole patted her bag. “Guess I won’t need my repellent, then.”
“So… what else you got in there?” 
She smiled coyly. “A few things for the picnic.”
“Come on, tell me.”
“You’ll find out soon enough.”
Mark grinned. “Okay.”
Nichole scanned the surrounding trees with their tinges of red and gold. “Fall color’s setting in.” She squeezed Mark’s free hand. “I’m glad you suggested this.”
“Last picnic of the season. Be a shame to miss it.”
“Oh, look!” Nichole pointed to a nearby tree. A mass of greenery with long, rounded leaves and white berries clung to its low branches. “Wild mistletoe.”
Mark swiveled his head. “Really?”
Nichole drew him under the white berries and wrapped an arm around his waist. She pressed her mouth against his for a long and sensuous kiss.
“Whoa,” Mark said when she pulled away. “Can we try that again?”
“Mmm, not right now,” she teased. “Lead on.”
She is so different from the other two!
They continued their trek through the woods. Mark went first along the narrow path, glancing back frequently, grinning with anticipation. 
“Better watch where you’re going,” Nichole said. “Don’t trip and spill everything.”
They arrived at a clearing dominated by a massive oak, its leaves rustling in a gentle wind. Afternoon sunshine filtered through the clouds, making for a cozy and welcoming atmosphere. Chipmunks scampered through the grass.
“Here we are,” Mark announced, setting down the picnic basket. 
“Nice… private.”
Mark shook some life back into his hand. “Glad to put that down, already. I think my arm’s an inch longer now.”
A wicked smile spread across Nichole’s face. 
Mark returned the smile. “What’re you thinking?” 
“I’m thinking…” Nichole unzipped her tote partway and fumbled her hand around inside. 
Mark looked on with keen interest.
“Well, you wanted to know what’s in here.” She withdrew a plastic vibrator, rakishly tricked out in red with yellow lightning bolts.
“Yow!” Mark exclaimed.
Nichole flicked on the device. A low hum blended into the forest ambiance. “Drop the drawers, honey. It’s appetizer time.”
2. Salad course
Two thundering orgasms later, Mark lay sprawled on his back, profoundly satiated. 
Nichole licked her lips. “Tasty. Is there more?”
Mark groaned and rolled over, concealing his goodies. “Not yet, babe. I need some downtime.”
“I thought we already had plenty of ‘downtime.’”
Mark chuckled. 
“Okay, save it for later,” Nichole said. “Wouldn’t want to overtax our little friend now, would we?” She withdrew a mirror from her bag and examined herself. “Looks like I need to fix my face.”
Mark propped his head on his right hand, watching Nichole apply bright red lipstick. Her eyes caught his in the mirror, and she flicked her tongue out beyond perfect teeth in salutation.
She is truly one of a kind.
“You’re a step above the typical loser at the bar,” Nichole said between lipstick strokes.
“I’m a better type of loser, you mean?”
“No, silly.” Nichole looked directly at him. “I meant you’ve got class. Usually, it’s a quick ‘Let’s go to my place and get it on.’ I’ve yet to have anyone ask me on a picnic.” She returned her attention to the mirror.
“Class is my middle name.” Mark sat up and pulled the wicker basket close. “How about some wine?”
“Mmm,” Nichole dropped the lipstick and mirror into the tote. “I’d rather have a salad first. You brought some?”
“Coming right up.” 
Mark pulled Styrofoam bowls, napkins, and plastic forks out of the basket, along with a bag of prepared salad. 
“I hope you like this.” He perused the label. “Says here it’s got all kinds of good stuff—kale, Brussels sprouts, radicchio—ranch dressing, too.”
“Sounds wholesome.”
Nicole held out her hand expectantly, and Mark gave over the salad bag. She withdrew a small pair of scissors from her canvas tote.
“Does that have everything in it?” Mark asked.
“Pretty much.”
Nicole cut open the bag and served up portions of salad. She handed him a bowl. “Eat up.”
“Thanks.”
Mark admired her efficient and sensuous movements as she snipped open a corner of the dressing packet and squirted a liberal portion of creamy white onto his salad. She could turn any task into an erotic display. He heard voices around him, calling from the trees beyond. They didn’t sound happy.
Shut up! 
3. Wine tasting
Mark finished the last of his salad. “How about some wine before the main course?”
“Sure.”
“Might I suggest the pink Moscato?”
“Sounds good.” Nicole dabbed salad dressing from her lips with a napkin. “What is the main course, anyhow?”
He grinned and patted the wicker basket. “It’s my turn to be mysterious. You’ll find out in due time.”
She nodded. “Touché. All’s fair in love and picnicking, right?”
Mark opened one of the basket flaps and poked around inside, glancing over his shoulder at Nichole’s expectant face. “No peeking now.”
She held up her hands. “Of course.”
He produced two single-serving bottles of pink wine and a pair of stemmed glasses.
“Ta-da!” He twisted the cap off one bottle.
Nichole giggled.
Mark filled a glass, the one with the tiny bubble embedded in the base, smiling as he recalled the last woman who drank from it.
“This one’s for you, my lady.” He handed Nichole the wine using an elegant two-handed method.
“You really are a class act.”
He twisted off the cap from the second bottle, cracking the seal with an authoritative little snap! He filled his own glass and held it high in salute. 
“What shall we drink to?”
“Mmm, let’s drink to these.”
Nicole rummaged a quartet of condoms out of her tote bag, each a different style. She held them out in her palm for Mark’s viewing pleasure.
“We have to use those, huh?” he said.
“Sorry, it’s one of the rules.”
“Okay.” He reached for the condoms. 
Nichole closed her hand and pulled it away. “Not so fast.”
She stood and tossed each condom to a different area of the clearing, spinning it like a tiny Frisbee.
“Better go get ‘em before the chipmunks do,” she teased.
Mark scrambled off, laughing.
“Cheers!” Nicole called after him, hoisting her wine glass.
4. Entrée
The condoms proved surprisingly difficult to locate. Each had sunk into the grass out of sight. Even the one in the red wrapper presented a challenge. Finally, Mark had all four.
When he returned to the picnic spot, it was obvious that Nichole had already drunk some of her wine. The rest spilled out when the glass tumbled from her limp fingers. Mark sat nearby, staring intensely at her.
“Ohhh...” She crumpled, hugging her tote bag, one hand stuffed inside.
Mark grinned. “Guess we won’t need the rubbers after all, huh?”
He rose and surveyed the surroundings with deep satisfaction. Everything was picture perfect; even the lowering sun smiled approval upon his efforts. He looked down at Nichole’s inert form.
“Thanks for the blow job. Too bad we couldn’t take things farther.”
Clearly, she was no virgin. Where could you find one these days, anyhow? Yet it would be terrible form offering her to the gods with a pussy full of condom lube. Such things simply weren’t done.
He moved toward the sacred oak. Time to get things ready as it would be dark in a few hours. The vibrator session and the condom hunt had thrown things off schedule. He reached into the hollow space high up and groped for the sacrificial knife concealed within. The voices of the slain women howled in protest from their graves among the trees.
Cool it, ladies. 
Those two were only practice, his first bumbling efforts. Nichole was the real deal, and he would carve her properly. Afterward, she’d have her own place among the trees, already dug and waiting for her. 
It doesn’t get better than this! 

Nichole opened her eyes and observed Mark jerking around at the oak tree. Stupid amateur.
She withdrew the suppressed .22 pistol from her bag and took aim. The laser threw a red dot onto Mark’s spine above his meaty buttocks. 
Pop! Pop! 
“Ahhh!” He went down.
Nichole stood and brushed herself off. Holding the gun confidently, she advanced to the tree. 
Mark stared up at her with pain and hatred on his face. “Fucking bitch!” He tried to stand, couldn’t. He flailed his arms in a futile effort to move.
“Like I said, you’ve got class.” Nichole grinned, showing her picture-perfect teeth. “What’d you put in the wine, Quaalude?”
Mark didn’t answer. Agony tightened his features, and his eyes bulged with fear. Blood seeped from his mouth.
Nichole glanced around the clearing, then up at the late afternoon sun. “That ‘ta-da!’ routine was pretty lame. Didn’t think I’d notice the seal was already broken on my bottle, did you?” She shook her head disdainfully. “Let me guess. It worked for you before, right? Some other girl fell for it.”
The expression on Mark’s face turned to abject terror. The voices were laughing at him now.
Nichole withdrew a long butchering knife from her tote. “You’re number eight, Markie. I’ll have to buy another bag for the next one.”
She closed in for the main course.
Scratch-Off Man
“I’m afraid of all those paranoids out there.” – Anonymous
1. Fall

I hate the fall. Fall of man, fall of the world—everything coming down as foretold, including all the people I hate and fear.
I leave the house today to buy a scratch-off lottery ticket at the little beer and wine store a few blocks down. Why I don’t know. Every week I purchase one that promises big dollar prizes. The big money never comes, of course, just an occasional dinky payment. To be honest, I have lost out in the lottery of life and am not willing to admit it.
It’s all part of the conspiracy, yet foolish hope springs eternal.
Strange works of lawn art have been popping up around town. On the walk back from the store with my lottery ticket and a chocolate bar, I come upon one. It’s a kind of Buddha figure with a bluish face, yellow hair, and various bits of rubbish for the body. 
“Beware of terrible storms to come and the perpetual gloom to follow,” it warns.
This scares me, and I dash into the street to escape. Luckily, no cars are coming because I forgot to look. I walk up a driveway containing a heap of dirt and a sign.
Free potting soil, help yourself 
I’ve seen many little homemade signs like this before—free dirt, free books, free leftover things from garage sales—not to mention the perfectly good items people throw out on trash day. The lawn art must be built from such discards. 
How does all this fit in with the big picture? I wish somebody would tell me.
A twenty-something girl wearing a lacy outer garment rides past on a turquoise bicycle, her arms outstretched like airplane wings. She turns a corner without using the handlebars and keeps going. There’s something about her I don’t like. I watch her a long time, hoping she’ll fall off. That would teach her a lesson! Hasn’t she anything better to occupy her time?
“What can I do for you?” a friendly voice asks.
I turn toward a red-cheeked, portly older guy, a real Santa Claus type. When he sees my face, his smile fades somewhat.
“Uh… I’d like some of this potting soil,” I say. “Could you let me have a small bag?”
“Take more if you like.” 
“No, thank you, I’m walking today and can’t carry too much.” 
As I am every day, whenever I go anyplace—without a car or a driver’s license, haunting the sidewalks.
“All right, just a sec,” the man says.
He enters his garage and returns carrying an empty cement mix bag festooned with aggressive red letters.
Cayo Cement Company
I don’t like those blaring letters but decide not to say anything. This man could be a lot more dangerous than he looks and would get mad if I complained. He fills the bag up partway, to my specification, and hands it over. 
“Enjoy that,” he says. 
What’s behind that smile of his? 
After expressing my cordial thanks, I head off. The man looks relieved to see me go. I am relieved, too, and have a distinct sense of being out-maneuvered. Despite my suspicions about “free” stuff, I’ve taken this bag of potting soil. Well, it looks okay, and I do have a use for it.
As I turn the corner toward home, a huge crack appears above, as if the sky is a shattering mirror. Interesting. The airplane girl passes me on her turquois bike. I don’t like the smirk on her face and think about throwing my CCC bag at her. She moves too fast, though. 
I wonder what part she plays in the conspiracy? I’d thought turquoise was supposed to bring luck, peace, and protection. She doesn’t seem the type.
Upon my return, I rummage a large old pot out of the garage. The moron who owns the house doesn’t mind. He sits in his easy chair with his beer and gives me a passing nod when I ask permission. As long as he gets my monthly housing payment, he’s satisfied. The house is a chaotic dump, with my ground-floor room an oasis of good order.
The philodendron is rather forlorn perched on the little corner table in my room. It has outgrown its current pot and must not be too happy. I transplant it into the larger accommodation and fill the gap with potting soil. I scatter some fake turquoise pebbles over the surface and add water. My life is not very eventful, so I have lots of time for this.
When I first moved into this room, the philodendron was already there. It’s like part of the furnishings, blending in with the vines on the wallpaper. I forget it’s here until, I recall it needs watering. Then it gets a drink.
I hate the wallpaper with its vertical bands of flowers and twisty vines. They remind me of prison bars. Maybe that’s why I go out for walks so often.
2. Winter
s
I hate winter with its cold, icy fingers stabbing through my coat and drafting around my window. The Season of Gray Death. I sit at my desk beside the window and observe people walking through the slush. Some have dogs with them. I hate dogs with their nasty barking and growls. 
Lots of trucks run up and down the street delivering Christmas packages—huge brown trucks with yellow badges on their sides, smaller ones with “We deliver for you” written on them, other types, too. Nobody is delivering for me. They never stop at my house. There are always delivery trucks cruising this street, even when it’s not Christmas season. Why is that?
Open on my desk is the latest issue of the Clarion twice-weekly newspaper. There are always stray copies lying on lawns and driveways. I have no trouble picking one up, always from a different spot. I’m working on the crossword puzzle. Next to the puzzle is an ad for the Swasey Brothers car dealership. The ad shows a smiling guy holding his severed head and saying, “We’ve lost our heads!” and “Great deals on new & used cars.”
Weird.
You don’t suppose he’s both Swasey brothers? One lacks a head, the other a body. Should I win the big money, maybe I’ll go to this car dealership and purchase a large, fancy vehicle. Then I won’t have to walk the streets any longer but ride in comfort.
Of course, they wouldn’t issue me a driver’s license. So what? With that kind of money, I’d hire someone to drive me everywhere. I could look out the window at all the people slogging along the sidewalk. They couldn’t get at me, then, and maybe I wouldn’t hate them so much. 
It’s been warmer than usual, and most of the snow has melted. The scary snowman is still guarding the corner, though, driving me across the street as I walk to the store. He watches me through his single eye. Where will he go when he melts? The sky is its usual gloomy overcast. Maybe I will melt someday.
I despise the people standing in line to buy lottery tickets with their red faces and shapeless winter clothes. They all expect to get rich. The big jackpot is growing, so everybody is playing nowadays. I used to play the number draws for the really gigantic prizes, but after a year of failure, I switched to the instant winner scratch-offs. 
The clerk taking my cash displays a surly attitude. “Look who’s here again,” he mutters to another person behind the counter.
Back in my room, I scratch off the card with the blade of my pocketknife. Naturally, I haven’t won anything. I tear it up and toss it into the CCC bag with all the other losing tickets. Was the cement mix from that bag used to weigh somebody down before getting tossed off a boat?
This is a watering day for the philodendron. I notice that a vine is growing beside it. The seed must have been concealed in the free potting soil. It’s been hiding there, gathering strength, waiting to spring. I think of yanking it out by the roots but don’t know if that would be wise.
I go for another walk after dark, which is pretty early this time of year. I’ve been going out almost every night. Few people walk dogs then, and I don’t need to be so wary. 
The Christmas lights on the houses keep changing. One place, in particular. It was outlined in white lights the first time I saw it. Then it had red lights and a huge inflated Santa on the lawn. Tonight it’s decorated for Halloween with a glowing neon bat in the window and a skeleton lurking behind it.
3. Spring

I hate spring with its load of false promises. Outside should be bright and cheery, but snow and ice are still here under its leaden sky. Buds on the trees remain closed and frightened. 
Why is it that as soon as I reach a corner, cars show up from every direction? They pause at the stop signs and wait for me to cross, but I don’t trust them. The people stare at me from inside. They must be laughing.
I come across another piece of lawn art, this one a flying pig. It has airplane wings with white stars painted on them. The body appears to be made from a discarded propane tank with a squiggly tail attached. It has a flat, smiling, bottle-cap-type face. I’m reminded of the girl on the bike with her arms outspread. Then she zips by on the street, smirking my direction, maneuvering somehow around the ice patches.
The sculpture doesn’t scare me like the blue Buddha did until its head turns my direction and its smile becomes broader. For the rest of my walk to the store to get my lottery ticket, I can hear the pig buzzing in the air. When I look around, it has hidden itself. 
I buy my lottery ticket at a different store today where I’m not so well-known. It’s a long walk, and I considered taking the bus. The thought of sitting among so many people upsets me, though. They always stare at me and whisper comments that I can’t understand. Then there are the drivers speaking into their radio sets. Are they talking about me?
Back at my room after my long trek, I scratch off my losing ticket and toss it into the CCC bag filled with crumpled, torn, and otherwise mutilated old lottery tickets. Why do I keep buying the damned things? 
The vine has strangled out the philodendron and is growing along the floor. It keeps getting longer, even though I stopped watering it some time ago. I’ve thought of trimming it back, but its thick, ropey strand looks dangerous. Maybe if I cut it, acid would squirt out to hurt me. Even if it missed, it could burn through the floor right down to the basement or farther—like in that Alien movie where the creature bursts out of the guy’s chest.
I want to move out of here.
4. Summer

I hate summer. Unpleasant things grow from it—like the awful vine that’s taken over half my room. It curls around the floor with little pointy things sticking out, like a giant millipede. I don’t know what to do, and I’m afraid to tell the landlord. Maybe he’d kick me out. Sure, this isn’t much of a place, but where else could I go?
The lighted eye watches me from the ceiling as I lay in bed this morning. Outside, the weather report lies to me again. The gloomy sky has not cleared for months now. Still, I get up the energy to go and buy a lottery ticket from the snotty man at the convenience store. 
While standing in line at the store, I glance at the Clarion newspaper shelf near the candy bars. The date on the front page startles me—September already. Dang! What happened to the summer? It’s been so dark and gloomy that one season has blended into the next without me.
I return to my room half an hour later. The CCC bag is full of discarded lottery tickets. I scratch off my latest one, fully expecting to add it to the pile. Then…
Something big changes in the world. A bright glow punches through the curtain into my room. The vine quivers and retreats toward its pot. I hold the ticket for many seconds in my hand, staring. My eyes seem too big for my face.
It can’t be. 
It is! I’ve won a HUGE amount of money. Enough to buy a dozen cars at Swasey Brothers dealership! My heart thunders in my chest; energy bursts through me. I open my mouth wide and throw back my head to shout my good fortune to the world.
I catch myself in time. The landlord is parked before his TV with his beer and potato chips. He’d hear me and ask questions. The less he knows, the better. I want to rush to the store and shove my winning ticket into the face of the snotty clerk. Another bad idea. Later, when I have my new car, maybe I’ll stop outside and watch him cringe.
First thing, I must get to the lottery headquarters to claim my prize. Much too far to walk. I fumble my bus schedules out of the desk drawer and study them closely. In the corner of my eye, the vine turns shrunken brown. Good riddance!
Yes, the buses will take me close to Lottery HQ after two transfers. I’ll have to mix in with many uncouth people during the trip, but the idea no longer holds any terror. Besides, I’ll not be riding public transportation ever again. 
I glance at the wall clock. The bus leaves in a few minutes. If I hurry, I can make it to the stop on time. I leave my room and move to the front door, clutching my winning ticket. The landlord looks up indifferently from his television.
I dash across the lawn to the sidewalk.
“Look out!” somebody yells.
The airplane girl on the turquoise bike is coming right at me. I dash out into the street. A truck approaches…

I’m lying on my back. 
A man rushes toward me from the truck. “My God!” 
He kneels beside me. His eyes are wide and terrified. Everything is turning dark.
I hold up my ticket. “I won... finally...”

Unemployed Driver Claims Lottery Jackpot
Clarion – Sept. 28
A man recently fired from his package delivery job due to a fatal pedestrian accident has turned around his fortunes with a large cash prize. Although exonerated by police investigators, the driver…
The Missionaries

Two elderly people moved through the darkening town. They strolled along a fetid drainage ditch and past the little square with its fountain and palm trees. Masses of large, screeching birds swirled overhead. 
“Such a racket they make,” Cora said. “We don’t have birds like those at home, do we?”
“Don’t believe so,” Fred replied.
The pair made a unique sight. Fred under a straw fedora, wearing dark green pants and a touristy shirt covered with fish illustrations. A grinning shark festooned his belly. Cora—wearing a floppy straw hat and white dress with horizontal stripes the same vomitous hue as her husband’s trousers—toted a canvas bag on her shoulder.
“My, it gets dark early here,” Cora observed. “What time is it?”
Fred glanced ruefully at his watch. “I’m afraid it’s not running anymore.”
“Did you put in the new battery?”
“Yes, but…” He smiled. “I’ve had this watch a long time, haven’t I?”
“Maybe you should get a new one.” 
Fred shook his head. “Nothing can replace this. I’ll have a jeweler look at it when we get home.”
“I figured you say that.”
A relaxed silence fell over them, as it does with well-matched people who have been together for decades. They’d arrived two days earlier with a volunteer mission group to help finish the construction of a new church. As a retired electrician, Fred played a key role, wiring the building to first-world standards. Cora and the other women gave classes for the church members and conducted outreach to convert others to the faith. They also prepared the community dinners.
“Your cherry pie made a big hit tonight,” Fred said.
“Yes, I was very pleased.” 
“Everyone asked when you planned to make it again.”
Cora sighed. “Too bad we couldn’t be home for our grandson’s visit. I know he was looking forward to it.”
“I’m sure he’ll have a good time staying at Pete’s farm with his sister.”
“Are you glad we came?” Cora asked.
“Wouldn’t miss it for the world. This is the most memorable time of my life.” He wrapped an arm around her shoulders and gave a gentle squeeze. “Except for our honeymoon, that is.”
“Oh, Fred.”
* * *
From the darkened alleyway, a robber observed the old people approach. He couldn’t believe his luck.
Stupid foreigners! 
He glanced up and down the street, nobody around. This was going to be easy. He drew his knife and stepped out.
* * *
“Money, give me!” the man snarled.
Fred and Cora shrank back. 
“We don’t have any money,” Fred said. “Everything we’ve got is at the church.”
The grim, wild-eyed man confronting them clearly did not understand. Fred withdrew his wallet and opened it wide. He turned it over and shook. Nothing fell out.
“See?”
The robber bared his teeth and turned feverish eyes on Cora. “Bag!”
“This is my crochet work.” Cora opened the bag for inspection. “What on Earth would you want it for?”
The robber hesitated; doubt entered his fierce expression.
Fred saw an opening. “Come on, son. I can tell you’re not a bad sort. Put that knife away and pray with us.”
“That’s right,” Cora said. “Seek forgiveness for your sins.”
More doubt assailed the thief. He glanced over his shoulder. He seemed about to flee down the alley when he spied Fred’s watch. Anger flared in his eyes.
“Give me!” 
“I can’t let you have this,” Fred protested. “It’s a present from my lady.”
“Now!” 
Fred tensed his abdominal muscles. The little gun strapped to his belly sprang up from its mounting and fired. The bullet exited the shark’s mouth on his shirt.
“Gracious!” Cora exclaimed.
The robber stumbled back against the wall, gaping at the blood spreading on his shirt.
“Are you all right?” Cora asked.
“Ugh, my gut,” Fred groaned from his bent-over position. “That’s one hell of a recoil.”
Cora giggled and jerked a thumb at the robber. “Well, I’d imagine his gut feels a lot worse.” She turned toward the wounded thief. “You should be ashamed. Give me that thing before you hurt somebody.” 
She snatched the knife from his trembling hand and studied it in the dim light. 
“You know, Fred, this could be useful for the ceremonies. It’s got history.” 
Fred stood upright, still massaging his sore abdomen. He fingered the hole in his shirt where the bullet exited.
“Damned punk, look what you made me do.” He removed his watch and wrapped the band over his knuckles. “You wanted this? Here it is.” 
He struck the thief a hard blow to the face. The man slid down the wall and lay amid the spreading pool of blood.
“Oh, my,” Cora said.
“That ought to do it.” Fred slid the watch off his knuckles and held it to his ear. “I’ll be damned. It’s ticking again.”
“Moloch certainly works in mysterious ways,” Cora said.
She took Fred’s arm. Stepping carefully around the blood puddle, they continued their walk.

Sorry to get preachy, but this tale is part of my own mission. Moloch truly has risen again. Stop the slaughter of the innocents (and I don’t mean the street thugs)! 
It’s a Wonderful Death
Editor’s note: An alternate version of It’s a Wonderful Life.

When the rich man stumbles, he is supported by friends; when the poor man falls, his friends push him away. – Ecclesiasticus 13:21
“I have no money, so I have no friends.” – H. J. Heinz
1. At the bridge
The little town of Boringford Falls meandered up the hill, glittering with Christmas lights. George Balmy didn’t care. He leaned over the iron rail of the toll bridge, watching hunks of ice float into the shadows.
Dark, swirling water presented a grim invitation. George wondered how long a man could survive in it. 
Only one way to find out. He leaned farther over the rail, contemplating a final swan dive.
A small, white-haired man with a fierce gleam in his eyes approached. “Another schmuck,” he grumbled. “Why do I get all the losers?”
George spun around. “What’s that? Who are you calling a loser?”
Without further discussion, the man flung himself off the bridge amid a blood-curdling scream. “Ahhhh!” 
He hit the river and thrashed about amid the ice chunks. “Help! Help! Ahhhh!”
George gaped, utterly dumbfounded. 
The bridge attendant ran up with a flashlight and a name tag identifying him as Bert. “What the hell’s going on?” 
“That guy in the water, he— Don’t look at me like that. I didn’t push him.”
“Maybe you oughtta get him out then,” Bert said ominously. “Or would you rather I call the cops?”
“Oh, all right. Hold my coat.”
George stripped off the garment and dove from the bridge. Immediately, he regretted his action. That life insurance policy better be paid up. 
He hit the water hard. An icy fist knocked the wind out of him; frigid water forced its way into his nose. 
“Help! Ahhhh!” the old man screamed. “I’m drowning!”
George flailed his way to the man and seized him. “Pipe down, or I’ll finish you off myself.”
A flashlight beam coming from the riverbank blinded George. “Turn that damn thing off!”
The light vanished. George dragged the old man over some ice-covered rocks and deposited him on dry land. Bert waited nearby, chewing on tobacco. 
George struggled to his feet. A sudden wind knifed through his dripping clothes. “Thanks for the help.” 
“Don’t mention it.” Bert spit out a stream of tobacco juice. “Better get your asses up to the office and dry out.”
2. A bizarre deal
Inside the little office, George sat wrapped in a blanket drinking coffee. The strange man he’d rescued busied himself hanging clothes over the potbelly stove. Bert occupied a chair near the door, arms crossed, watching them suspiciously through narrowed eyes. 
“I don’t like the looks of you two,” Bert said. “Get your clothes dry and clear out.”
“Okay,” George said. “None of this was my idea, you know.”
Bert cast a wary eye on the old man. “How did you happen to fall in, anyway, pal?”
“My name’s Clarencio,” the man replied, “and I didn’t fall in. I jumped in to save George.”
“Bullshit!” George scoffed.
“Is it?” Clarencio shot back. “You were planning suicide. That’s why I jumped in first. I figured you’d be enough of a sap to dive in and rescue me.”
“Is that so?” George sipped his coffee.
“Stupid idea to kill yourself over money,” Clarencio said. “Just because your uncle misplaced the cash receipts from the building & loan. Why do you keep that idiot on the payroll?”
“How do you know all that?” George demanded.
“I know everything about you. I’m your guardian angel.”
Bert did a double-take. The tobacco juice he was ready to spit out dribbled down his chin.
“You look like the sort of angel I’d get,” George sneered. “You remind me of an old bookie I used to know.”
“Did you expect somebody from the A-Team to come save your sorry ass?” Clarencio retorted.
“Yeah, well… Where’re your wings?”
“I haven’t earned them yet. That’s where you come in.”
“How so?”
Clarencio’s annoyed expression turned cool and calculating. He placed a hand on George’s shoulder. “You can help me earn my wings by letting me help you.”
“Hey, cut that kind of talk,” Bert protested. “What are you guys up to?”
Clarencio ignored the remark. “I was sent here to keep you from committing suicide, George. If you go through with it, I’m on the Big Guy’s shit list.”
“Why should I care?”
“Good point.” Clarencio hurriedly changed the subject. “Your lip’s bleeding.”
George dabbed at his cut mouth. “Yeah. I had a run-in with some old friends before I got here.”
“Sounds like you hang out with a rough crowd,” Bert observed.
“They seem to think I’d be better off dead,” George said. “Can’t say as I disagree. Everybody’d be a lot better off without me.”
“You mustn’t talk that way,” Clarencio scolded.
“It’s against the law to commit suicide around here,” Bert said.
“Maybe you’re right,” George said. “I wish I’d never been born.”
“There’s an idea.” Clarencio moved to the center of the room and looked upward. “Could that be arranged?”
A light shot through the ceiling and illuminated Clarencio’s face, highlighting every crag. 
“Yow!” Bert fell out of his chair, banging his head against the wall. He scrambled up and fled the office.
“Adios, my good man.” George saluted. “Thanks for the coffee.”
The light switched off. Clarencio turned his attention to George. “It’s been approved. We can arrange it so you’ve never been born.”
George held up a hand. “Hold on a sec. Let me think about it.”
Clarencio scowled. “The Big Guy doesn’t like being jerked around. Are you born or not?”
“It’s… well, I’ve had a bad shock. Maybe erasing myself isn’t the best move.”
“Tell me about this ‘bad shock.’” Clarencio righted Bert’s chair and sat down. “I’ve got all eternity.”
George drained the last of his coffee. “Well, as you know, Uncle Billy lost track of the building & loan’s cash. He shifted the blame on me. When I got home tonight, the bank examiner was waiting. A guy from the DA’s office came along with an arrest warrant. Some damned reporter, too.”
“Bummer,” Clarencio said.
“Then this crowd shows up, people I thought were my friends. Hell, most of them wouldn’t have roofs over their heads if I hadn’t approved their loans. I’d hoped they were going to help me, but they were out for blood. They even brought a noose.”
“No man is poor who has friends,” Clarencio pontificated.
“Yeah? Let me tell you, bub—no funds, no friends. My wife led the pack with her lawyer. She handed me divorce papers.”
“That must be terrible for the kids.”
“Terrible?” George lifted his blanket and indicated a bruise on his shin. “Here’s where my youngest kicked me. She called me a ‘damn jailbird.’ The others were even worse.”
“Oh, my.” The cynical curl of Clarencio’s lips belied his sympathetic words.
“Can’t say as I blame them. I’ve been so busy thinking about everybody else that I’ve neglected my own family.” George shook his head morosely then looked up at his guardian angel. “You know, I haven’t saved a dime for my kids’ education.”
“Nice move.”
George stroked his aching jaw. “Anyway, I managed to fight my way out. Then I came here.”
Outside, a growing uproar indicated the approach of a violent mob. 
“Where’s that son-of-a-bitch!” somebody shouted. “Let’s hang him from the railing!” someone else yelled.
Bert’s voice rose above the mayhem. “He’s up there, in the office!”
George glanced around desperately. “What’ll I do?”
“There’s always the ‘never been born’ option,” Clarencio suggested.
The din drew closer. Enraged faces appeared at the windows. George threw himself down as the door burst open. 
“Yes, do it!” 
All became instantly quiet except for a strong wind blowing through the office. George lay prone, trying to collect his scattered thoughts, amazed that he was still in one piece.
Clarencio pulled the door shut. “You don’t have to make all that fuss about it!” He turned to George. “You’ve got your wish, you’ve never been born.”
George touched his face. “Hey, my mouth stopped bleeding.” He stood up. “Say something in my left ear.”
“Merry Christmas, pal.” 
“I’ll be damned! I’ve been deaf in that ear since I was twelve. It got infected when I jumped in a frozen pond to save my kid brother.”
“It’s working now, Georgie. Let’s blow this joint.”
3. Visit to Mom’s
They left the bridge and headed for town. George drifted along on his soaring spirits. No lynch mob pursued, and Christmas music graced the air. Even the crunch of snow under Clarencio’s plodding feet sounded glorious coming through George’s repaired hearing.
“This is great!” George scooped up a double handful of snow and flung it into the air. “I’d forgotten what I’ve been missing.” 
“Each man’s life touches many others,” Clarencio said. “When he’s not there, it leaves quite a hole.”
“So, what’s your point?”
“I thought we’d stop by your mother’s house to see how she’s getting along, now that she never gave birth to you.”
“My mother, huh?”
“Ex-mother, more accurately.”
George stopped walking, and his euphoria vanished. “It’s this way. I told you I blew my ear out rescuing my kid brother, Harry. If I hadn’t been sledding with him at the pond that day, he’d have drowned. Mom would take that really hard.”
“Think it through, George. Why was Harry at the pond?”
“Well, the little twerp was always tagging along with me and my friends. Mom said I had to look after him, and… hold on. Are you telling me he didn’t go that day and fall through the ice?”
“That’s right. You weren’t there, so he had nobody to tag after.”
“Then he’s okay?”
“He’s doing quite well, as a matter of fact,” Clarencio said.
“Doesn’t that make me feel better?” George puffed out his chest and adjusted his coat. “You know, I paid his way through college. He was supposed to return the favor; instead, he married a girl he’d met at school and stiffed me. Can’t say as I blame him. She was a real piece.” 
“Without you to pay his expenses, Harry didn’t make it to college,” Clarencio said. “He stayed in town and married a local girl. I think you know her.”
“Really?”
“He got in at the ground floor of a plastics company and made a killing. He runs the local plant.”
They approached the house of Mrs. Balmy as a brand new Lincoln pulled into the drive.
“Get a load of that car!” George exclaimed. “It sure beats the hell out of my old rattletrap. The house looks good, too—aluminum siding, new windows.”
Harry Balmy jumped out of the driver’s seat and jogged to the porch.
“That’s my little brother, all right. He’s done well for himself.”
George and Clarencio stepped behind a big elm to keep from view. The front door opened.
“Merry Christmas, Mom!” Harry cried.
“Harry!” She embraced her son warmly. “Merry Christmas.”
George peeked around the tree trunk. “Ma looks sharp. She’s ditched that old-lady hairstyle she always wore. Nice dress, too.”
“Harry’s been quite generous,” Clarencio said.
“Yeah. I couldn’t do much for her with the crappy job I had. I should have chloroformed that cheap, penny-ante building & loan business a long time ago.”
A slim, attractive woman in a mink coat exited the car.
“That’s my wife!”
“She was your wife, George, before you got unborn. Now Harry’s snapped her up.”
“How do you like that? I thought she’d never get married, be a librarian or something.”
Four children poured out of the car.
“My kids!”
“Actually, they’re Harry’s kids. Pretty much like the originals, though, even have the same names.”
“I’ve got to say something to them.”
Clarencio gripped his sleeve. “Not recommended.”
George wrenched his arm away and moved from behind the tree. He approached his erstwhile family members. 
“Hello, everyone. Merry Christmas!”
Blank faces swiveled his direction. 
“Don’t you know me, Mom? I’m your son, George.”
Mrs. Balmy’s eyes widened with alarm. She shrank back into the house.
George turned toward the kids. “Tommy, Janie. I’m your father.”
The kids retreated toward Harry.
“Who’s this schmuck, Dad?” Tommy asked.
“I don’t know,” Harry said. “If he doesn’t move on quick, he’ll get a busted nose for Christmas.”
Harry began stripping off his coat. His wife, still in her luxurious mink, stared daggers at George.
“All right, I get it.” George held up his hands and took a step back. “Sorry to bother you, folks.”
He beat a hasty path to the elm.
“How’d it go?” Clarencio asked.
“Let’s get the hell out of here. I need a drink.”
4. New perspectives
They trudged toward the downtown area. George became quiet and thoughtful, trying to sort out the baffling new realities.
“Have you seen enough?” Clarencio asked. “Ready to switch back to your former life?”
“And face that lynch mob?”
Clarencio made a dismissive gesture. “They’ve calmed down by now. Don’t worry, you’ll get your day in court.”
“For a crime I didn’t commit? Uncle Billy’s the one who lost the funds. I’d like to slug that old bum.”
“When the building & loan went bankrupt, he suffered a total breakdown. He’s at the insane asylum if you’d like to see him.”
A vindictive grin spread over George’s face. “No, that’s the best place for him.”
“He’ll be getting out soon.”
“Really? Let him go wreck somebody else’s life.”
Clarencio shrugged. “Not much chance of that. People have wised up to him.”
“Uncle Billy is too dumb to pull off a scam by himself,” George said. “I’ll bet Henry Platter’s behind it. That warped, frustrated old man tried to do us in for years. I could have sold out, but ohhh no, I had to be Mr. Noble, never thinking about myself.”
“You don’t seem too pleased about your career choices.”
“Pleased?” George kicked savagely at a chunk of ice, ricocheting it off a parked car. “I never wanted that lousy job Dad left me. I wanted to see the world—Tahiti, Rome, Bagdad. I wanted to be a famous architect—build new buildings, design modern cities, lasso the moon! I threw it all away to stay in this lousy town.”
“Another bummer.”
“I could have had that ground-floor plastics job Harry got. Old man Platter once offered me a fat paycheck, and I turned him down, too. I never missed an opportunity to pass up an opportunity.”
George looked to Clarencio for commiseration, received only a sarcastic little smile. He kicked another hunk of ice.
“Confound it! I was always afraid of success. No wonder Mary walked out. Who wants to be stuck with a loser?”
“She is doing better now,” Clarencio conceded.
“You didn’t have to agree with me.”
“Whatever.”
They neared a lighted sign: Welcome to Plattersville
“Hey, that’s supposed to read, ‘Welcome to Boringford Falls,’” George said.
“Without you to oppose him, Henry Platter took over the town and named it after himself. You’ll notice quite a few changes.”
“Are there ever!” George stared along the main street with amazement. “Where’s the movie house, the Emporium, the wonderful old Balmy Brothers Building & Loan?”
“All gone.”
A raucous entertainment district had replaced the staid old boulevard. Flashing neon ruled the night, advertising bars, nightclubs, strip joints, a burlesque hall. Crowds of revelers filled the sidewalks.
“Look at that,” George marveled. “The Midnight Club, the Blue Moon bar, the Indian Club. I was such a stuffy guy I never had time for places like that. Not to mention I was always broke.”
He pointed to the headdress-clad stereotype festooning the Indian Club. “Say, isn’t that cultural appropriation?”
“This is 1945, George. Nobody cares about things like that.”
George spied a roulette wheel through the Midnight Club’s open door. “Looks like they allow gambling.”
“A lot of these places do. The action’s supposed to be pretty good.”
George nodded wistfully. “Old Man Platter sure knows how to get things done.”
A gorgeous blonde wearing a tight, clingy outfit under a fur stole exited the Midnight Club. Her eyes locked on George.
“That’s Violet,” George said. “She was the town bad girl until I straightened her out.”
“She’s different now,” Clarencio said. “Without you to point the way, she’s chosen a different path.”
“A man doesn’t get into a situation like this every day, especially not in Boringford Falls—I mean Plattersville. Hold on a sec, okay?”
Clarencio shrugged. “As you wish.”
George made a beeline for Violet. 
A smile spread across her face as he approached. “Hi, big boy. I haven’t seen you before.”
“I’m George Balmy.”
“Any relation to Harry Balmy?”
“Uh, not really.” George attempted to straighten his collar, cursing himself for the cheap outfit he was wearing. “So, what have you been up to, Violet?”
“A little of everything. Waiting for Mr. Right to show up.” Her sparkling eyes indicated that she might have found him.
“How about going to the hot springs for a skinny dip?” George suggested.
Violet laughed. “A bit chilly for that. Let’s check out the nightspots first.”
She gestured to the various entertainment venues. The arrays of flashing neon dazzled George’s eyes as a bold idea took shape in his mind.
“Stay here, honey,” he said. “I gotta talk to my friend.”
“Don’t keep me waiting too long.”
George rushed back to Clarencio, who was lighting a cigar.
“Hey, I didn’t know angels were allowed to smoke.”
“I told you I ain’t on the A-Team.” Clarencio blew out a contemptuous stream of tobacco fumes. “Ready to go back now?”
George glanced at Violet. She observed them with an amused grin. 
“It’s this way, Clarencio. Looks like everybody’s a lot better off without me.” He stroked his repaired ear. “I’m better off, too. I want to stay here.”
“But you’re nobody. You have no identity. You have nothing.”
“So? Things weren’t much different before. I can always get some counterfeit ID, start over fresh.”
“The Big Guy wouldn’t like it.”
George looked back toward Violet. She tapped her wristwatch. 
“Listen Clarencio, can you let me have a coupla grand?”
The guardian angel’s eyebrows shot up. “That’s real dough for the 1940s.”
“If I signed off that you rescued me from committing suicide, would that get you in good with the Big Guy? Would that be enough to earn your wings?”
A sly, thoughtful expression took over Clarencio’s face. He stroked his chin. “I’ll ask.”
He looked skyward. A light fired down from the heavens, illuminating his face. George trotted back to Violet.
“Your friend’s got quite an act,” she said. “Is he coming with us?”
“No, he has prior commitments.”
“Too bad. You know what they say.” 
“What?” George asked.
“Two’s company, three’s a sandwich.”
“Y-yeah, right.”
The celestial beam switched off. Clarencio stood in the shadows with only the lit cigar illuminating his face. He waved George over.
“Excuse me, hon. I’ll be right back,” George said.
“You’re an interesting fella,” Violet said. “I’m glad I know you.”
George returned to his guardian angel. “What’d they say?”
“It’s been approved.” Clarencio whipped out a sheet of paper and a pen. “Two grand for the recommendation, another one if you promise not to bother us again.”
“Sounds good to me.”
“Sign and date both places.”
George did as directed. Clarencio handed over a bundle of cash.
“Thanks,” George said. “Good luck with your new wings. Say hello to the Big Guy for me.”
He ran back to Violet.
“I’d rather say hello to her,” Clarencio muttered, then vanished into the night.
“That’s quite a bundle you’re swinging,” Violet said.
George fanned the money. “This is nothing. Let me at the blackjack tables. I’m about to become the richest man in town.”
The Green Building
Found among the papers of Francis Angstrom

“It’s not my fault if there’s no peace.” — Thomas, Blow-Up
1. Summer day at Legrasse Park
It all started with the four of us horse-hogging around at the park with my new camera, making jerks of ourselves for posterity.
Bill Parker hoisted a beer can and turned his face sharp right, displaying his prominent nose to full effect. “Over here, Angst. Get my best profile.”
I lowered the camera and said with more vehemence than I’d intended, “Cut the crap, Parker!”
“Sorry, man,” Bill said, “didn’t mean to yank your chain.”
I hate my nickname—Frank Angst, as in the bluntly apprehensive cheese weenie. The Frank part is all right, but why butcher my last name? It’s Angstrom, not Angst. Okay, maybe I am a little paranoid, but who isn’t these days? Give me a break. 
“Yeah, Francis, lighten up.” George patted my shoulder. “Watch me pound this one.”
Using a pocket knife, he jabbed a hole into the lower edge of his beer can, covered it with his mouth, then popped the tab. The entire contents gushed down his throat in seconds, sending a stream of brew down his bearded chin. Very educational. I recorded the episode on video for future generations.
I’d checked out a film school in the northern burbs this summer and became interested in attending their 12-month program. My plan is to ace my sophomore year at State U, then enroll at the film school. If Mom and Dad go along with it. They foot most of the bills, after all.
I switched the camera off and took in the surrounding ambiance. A gentle wind blew through the park, and oak trees towered above us wrapped in a chorus of cicada bug whirs. When you hear that sound, you know summer is on the way out. People shambled past with dogs on leashes, and picnickers at the nearby tables threw disapproving glances in our direction. How long before somebody called the cops on the four guys with too much time on their hands, violating the park’s ‘no alcohol’ rule?
“Let’s go to my house,” Bill said. “I gotta piss like a racehorse.”
“No wonder, all the beer you’ve been guzzling,” Ray said. 
“Hey, I’ve been guzzling, too,” George said. “I’ve got the cast-iron bladder, though.”
“Don’t let it rust,” Bill shot back.
Very high-brow conversation. I found myself wishing I was back at school with the new batch of losers I’d met.
“There’s a john over that way.” George pointed toward a brown brick structure some distance off. “Why don’t you use that?”
“Too far,” Bill said. “Besides, don’t you know it’s haunted?”
“Bullshit! The only ‘spirits’ are in your bottle of Jack.”
I switched the camera on and zoomed full telephoto at the lavatory. Nothing unusual about the place. A squat green building near it seemed more deserving of a ‘haunted’ label. It must have been a storage facility with mowers and stuff inside. This big suburban park would need a lot of machinery to keep the grass trimmed. 
The building had an alien aspect, somehow, as if it had dropped from the sky or pushed up through the ground. Its angles seemed off, and the putrid color clashed with the normal greens around it. A graphic that I couldn’t make out adorned the side. Glare entered my camera monitor, and I lost sight of the building.
“I’m going home,” Bill said. “You guys come over if you want.”
He trotted off toward his house only a block away. Having nothing better to do, I followed along behind the others. I glanced back toward the green building but couldn’t see it beyond the trees. Shoving my camera into its case, I stepped into the street.
A bicycle came at me, and I jumped back onto the curb an instant before being struck. A young woman wearing a lacy outfit zipped past on a turquoise bike, her arms outstretched like airplane wings. A rushing noise accompanied her. I couldn’t tell if she was making it herself or if it came from something else.
What the hell? I fumbled my camera out, but she’d already turned the corner without using the handlebars and kept ‘flying.’ I stared after her, miffed. 
“You coming or not?” George yelled from across the way.
“Yeah, hold on.” Being careful to look in all directions, I crossed the street.
2. Visit to Bill Parker’s house
Bill made a beeline for the bathroom, leaving the rest of us standing around his private lair with its walls full of soft porn photographs and alcohol-themed posters. A shelf sported a crystal beer mug with a Drown the World! motto. A gaming laptop with a 17-inch display and external speakers occupied the corner desk.
“That’s a big-ass computer,” George said.
I nodded. “What do you know about the green building?”
“Green building?”
“Yeah, out in the park by the john.”
George belched. “Piss on it.”
“It’s so nice hanging out with a class guy like you,” Ray said.
George tipped his baseball cap. “Happy to oblige.”
Bill reappeared, toting a fresh 8-pack. 
“I see you’ve met my new friend.” He gestured to the computer. “Mom and Dad bought it for me.”
“That’s one way to keep you out of their hair,” Ray said.
Bill chuckled. “Yeah, except Dad’s bald.” He turned toward me and held out an open palm. “Let’s see the video.”
“Okay.” I reluctantly pulled the storage card out of my camera and handed it to him. “Be careful with that.”
“Sure thing, bro.”
Bill fired up the computer and inserted the card. The others observed, grasping beer cans. My old high school buds—nice guys, though going nowhere: Bill, a nervous type never able to sit still; George Webb, big and pasty with disheveled hair topping an equally unkempt beard; Ray Galvez, tall and thin with a pointy goatee. They all attend the local community college, but don’t expect great things from them.
Ray might do all right. He’s starting a daytime job soon as a delivery truck driver and switching to night classes. He was always the most sensible of the lot. The other two are fairly hopeless.
Guess I shouldn’t talk. My freshman year at State U zipped past in an alcohol blur. Think I’ll clean up my act come fall, concentrate on my studies, hang out with a better crowd. Meanwhile, it was my turn to visit the bathroom. 
When I got back, the clip showing Bill’s moronic antics played across the computer screen. Everyone laughed at my irate “Cut the crap, Parker!” 
“True words of wisdom,” Ray observed.
Next came the shot of George pounding the beer. More laughs.
“I like that one,” Bill said. “Let’s see what else there is.”
He pulled up an earlier establishing shot, a one-minute panoramic view of the park. I’d rotated slowly, taking in everything, including my goofy friends passing around a joint. Typical park vista. Something was wrong with the soundtrack, though. The rumbling, hissing noise sent a chill up my spine.
“Did you shoot anything else on this card?” Bill asked.
“No,” I said. “I took it out of the packaging when we got there. It’s never been used before.”
“True enough,” Ray said. “I saw him do it.”
George guzzled some beer. “That sounds like freak’n I-75 during rush hour in the rain.”
Right. The roar of freeway traffic filled the placid scene despite there being no freeway for miles. George belched just as I thought I heard somebody shouting and a horn honking. Shortly before the clip ended, the traffic noise faded out, and the cicada whirs returned.
“That’s odd,” Ray said.
George shrugged. “Ah, life’s little mysteries.” 
“Here’s another one,” Bill said.
My telephoto shot of the public lavatory appeared on the screen. Again, the audio seemed off. What had been a gentle, rustling breeze had amplified into something loud and a bit sinister.
“That’s like a scene out of Blow-Up,” Ray said.
“Blowup?” George’s eyebrows rose. “I asked Christy for one of those. She turned me down.”
“No, no, I meant the Antonioni flick,” Ray said. “It played on campus a couple weeks ago.”
“I was too stoned then,” George said.
Classic movies ran at the community college all summer, including Blow-Up, Man with a Movie Camera, 2001: A Space Odyssey, The Wizard of Oz, and a Disney flick about Toby Tyler running off with a circus. I viewed them all and became inspired to try my own hand at movie-making—hence the new (used) camera I’d bought online.
Ignoring the banter as much as possible, I kept my eyes fixed on the screen. The lavatory came through okay, but there was no sign of the green building. I’d thought the camera was shooting when I focused on the place. Did it lurk behind that bunch of trees?
“Hey, that looks like you, Angst…rom,” Bill said. 
He pointed to a figure in a bright yellow shirt, similar to mine, and light brown shorts, also like the ones I wore. The individual crossed in front of the trees, then quickly moved off-camera. The clip ended.
What the hell?
Bill pulled my storage card from the reader and gave it to me. “Thanks for the free entertainment. It was worth every cent.”
The card felt clammy in my hand.
3. Escalating weirdness

Dusk advanced as I left Bill’s. Although my house was over half a mile away, I refused George’s ride offer. I was still fairly bombed and wanted to walk myself sober, stop for a coffee at the Speedy Mart. No sense pissing off my parents when I got home. 
I came to the new skate park on the edge of Legrasse. The final skateboarders were leaving, joking around and high-fiving each other. They were only a couple years or so younger than me, but they seemed impossibly youthful, of a whole vastly different and carefree generation. Yet they were rather ominous, too, as if they might enjoy whacking me over the head with their boards. Just my alcohol-fueled angst coming out again, hopefully. I mean, this is a good neighborhood, isn’t it?
One of the guys wore a red pirate-style bandanna with a skull and crossbones. He paused to light a cigarette, casting a distrustful glance my direction. 
“Hey, what’s up, man?” he said.
“Not much,” I replied. “Have a nice evening.”
A smirk crossed his face. “Yeah, you, too.”
He and his buddies moved off. I scaled the grassy knoll leading up to the skate park and looked out over the expanse of twists and dips. The concrete glittered dully back at me in the fading light. could skateboarders have made all that racket in my video? That hardly seemed possible. It would have taken about a thousand of them to make that much noise.
I’d only been to Legrasse a few times. This skate park had been under construction during my last visit. Was the green building here then, too? I gazed through the trees ahead and comprehended the real reason I’d chosen to walk, besides not wishing to get wrapped around a utility pole by a drunk driver. I wanted to check out that green building.
I contemplated a charge across the cement curves and banks, decided I’d likely fall on my face. So, I moved down the knoll, around the skate park, and toward the picnic area with its towering oaks. The wind kicked up, hissing through the branches and chilling my bare legs. Large bushes alongside a wooden fence waved about. At least any mosquitoes were being driven off.
This was something straight out of Blow-Up when the photographer creeps through the park at night and discovers a corpse lying in the bushes—like the ones over there. I’d attended the movie with Ray and liked it, not expecting to be walking through one of its scenes.
Cool it! I scolded myself. Don’t earn your nickname. 
Still, I couldn’t help feeling spooked in the gathering darkness. My alcohol bravado was wearing off, and I found myself wishing I was in George’s car being entertained by his belches. 
The lavatory came into view on the left, sedate, ordinary, an old friend appearing in the wilderness to offer relief. I glanced right, and there it was—the back wall of the green building, dark and mysterious, blocking the way. 
“Whoa.” I took a step back.
The thing reminded me of the monolith in 2001, though the dark mass was square instead of a looming rectangle. This park offered quite the setting for classic movie allusions. I got my camera out and snapped a photo, then moved around the left side of the concrete structure. A crudely spray-painted skull leered at me, the creation of some vandal nitwit.
“How’re you doing?” I snapped a picture of the skull. “Looks like you’ve seen better days.”
I moved to the front. Dents peppered the double doors as if somebody had opened up on them with small-caliber gunfire. More substantial punctures appeared by the hinges. Maybe someone had tried to bash in the door at one time. 
The atmosphere had darkened substantially since I’d entered Legrasse Park, and I wanted to get moving. The doors riveted my attention, though. Were they upright or tilted at a strange angle like the storm cellar door in the Wizard of Oz? I was still drunk but didn’t think it was that bad. I concentrated on focusing my eyes.
A hole next to the handle indicated where a lock must have once been. Another lock higher up secured the doors. I yanked the handle without success. Somebody had scratched the letters TW beside the hole.
What the hell did that mean—Toxic Waste? No, they wouldn’t store crap like that in a public park. How about Totally Wasted, like I was feeling now? Technical Writer, Tactical Warning? Probably just the initials of the loser who painted the skull. I dismissed it as another of life’s little mysteries.
Stooping, I lowered my eye to the hole and peered inside. Utter blackness, like gazing up the anal canal of the universe. There seemed to be a faint roaring noise—a distant river rapid, maybe, or a sewer pipe discharging sludge—but that must have been the alcohol rumbling in my ears. A paranoid vision of a blade shoving into my eye bubbled up from my imagination. I jerked my head back. 
Don’t be an idiot. 
I stuck my eye to the hole again. Were those little flashes spinning in the darkness like psychotic lightning bugs? I turned on my cell phone flashlight and tried to illuminate the inside of the building, but that left no room for my eye at the keyhole.
“You can see it too, huh?” a voice at my back said.
I spun around, nearly dropping my phone. A weird, squirrelly-looking guy in a yellow windbreaker stood there with a Bomb Cola bottle in one hand and a scratch-off lottery ticket in the other. He smiled. Even in the failing light, I could see his teeth were bad. I couldn’t make out much more besides the yellow outfit.
“See what?” I asked, trying to conceal my astonishment.
“Damn good question.” He hoisted the cola bottle. “Drown the world.”
He shambled off into the gloom, his rustling in the breeze. Did I really see him? Am I that drunk?
Suddenly, my bedroom with its little-kid wallpaper at Mom and Dad’s house—the room I escaped from last fall—glowed in my mind like a celestial palace, a secure refuge where all mysteries were only make-believe. I hurried toward it, keeping a wary eye out for the scratch-off man.
4. At school
It’s late September, and my nose-to-the-grindstone lifestyle still holds. When I returned to State U, I feared that Donovan, my old roomie, would drag me back into the party scene. He’s been out of it since OD’ing at a concert, though. Word is he’s not coming back, even if he recovers.
So, I’ve got the place to myself on the 12th floor of Thurston Hall on the eastern outskirts. My room faces west with a panoramic view of the campus. I spend most of my free time here or at the library, studying. I’ve cut loose the old party crowd, bailed on social media, and stopped posting witticisms on my blog, The Angstrom Edge. My online activities are strictly academic. 
My old friends are history. Even Mom and Dad don’t keep in touch. My sole contact with the hometown is through the Clarion newspaper’s online edition. What I read tonight almost knocks me out of my chair:
Unemployed Driver Claims Lottery Jackpot
A man recently fired from his package delivery job due to a fatal pedestrian accident has turned around his fortunes with a large cash prize. Although exonerated by police investigators, the driver, Raymond Galvez, had been dismissed....
Forgetting my ‘old friends are history’ stance, I immediately phone Ray. His voice is thick and slow.
“I can’t talk now,” he rasps. “Can we do a video chat later? I’d like to see you.”
“Okay.”
I settle back to wait for Ray’s call. Further study is out of the question because my stomach has turned into a knot. Another cramp spreads to my neck, and an acid taste fills my mouth. I try to distract myself by looking out the window across the darkened campus.
It’s Saturday, and EMS vehicles rule the night. Ensconced in my academic bubble, I’d paid scant attention to the reports of escalating drug overdoses and suicides on campus. This changed yesterday morning when I saw the cordoned-off pavement where a student exploded his head after jumping out a dorm window. I haven’t left my room since, opting to virtually attend my Friday afternoon lectures and eat up my cache of food à la microwave.
This orgy of self-destruction has become quite an issue. To my discredit, I was not particularly upset by Donovan’s OD. From my elevated, self-righteous perspective, I almost felt that he’d gotten what he deserved. Why did he have to fool around with that druggie crap? Anyway, it’s nice to have private quarters.
Now I’m not so smug. Ray’s situation, not to mention that bloody splotch on the pavement, has upset me more than I care to admit. The gravelly voice is disturbing as if Ray has advanced throat cancer. Through my big window, I observe two groups of flashing lights. One is at the South Complex dorms. The other is on the old North Campus by the lefty college where students hang out with weed and ‘mind-expanding’ drugs. Fools. Why don’t they just get drunk as God intended?
I think to take some video of the events outside, but there’s insufficient light. All I get on the camera monitor is darkness and an occasional colored blip. Then I think of reviewing the green building pictures from Legrasse Park. I haven’t seen them before. Nothing appears on the monitor, though. The stored pictures skip from the lavatory video to some party pix I took my first night back at school with Donovan. This is major league weird!
There isn’t time to get creeped out. Flashing lights approach as an ambulance barrels toward Thurston Hall like a drag racer. I move to the window and yank it open. Wailing sirens invade my redoubt. The EMS vehicle has stopped below, and paramedics are opening its doors. A crowd has gathered, including somebody in a loud yellow jacket. I open the window further and gaze as straight down as I can. 
All I’d have to do is punch through the screen. I wonder how that guy felt before he took the plunge. Was he terrified, exhilarated, high on drugs and convinced nothing could harm him? The little crowd gives way as the paramedics wheel a stretcher into the lobby. The guy in the yellow jacket looks up at me—
My computer bleeps, heralding a video call. I return to my desk and pick up. “Hey. Francis here.”
“Hello.”
Ray looks awful. I scarcely recognize the haggard face and vacant eyes peering out of my computer screen. His goatee is gone; beard stubble covers his face. He looks much older. Smoke curls in the background, giving the image a demonic cast.
“I, uh, read about what happened in the Clarion,” I say.
“Yeah, everybody’s talking about that.” 
At least Ray’s voice doesn’t sound quite as terrible as before. I fidget in my chair and sip lukewarm tea, uncertain how to continue. 
Ray needs no prompting. He shakes his head as a stupefied light comes over his face. “Man, I’ve driven drunk so many times. Then, when I’m stone-cold sober, a guy runs right in front of me. I haven’t boozed since that day in Legrasse Park.”
“Uh-huh.”
A hookah enters the frame. Ray drags on it, solving the smoke mystery. 
“The guy had a lottery ticket, said he’d ‘finally won.’” Ray takes another toke. “He asked me to cash it in… then he was gone.” 
The scratch-off man! 
“I-it was just an accident, right?” I say hastily. “There must have been witnesses.”
“Yeah. This weird girl in a lace outfit. She hung around a while but took off on her bike before the cops arrived. Some neighbors saw it, too.”
I sink back in my chair. The recollection of my own experience with the ‘weird girl in a lace outfit’ chills me when I think of it. I want to reach through the monitor and embrace the friend I’ve known since grade school. He looks like hell, totally alone and vulnerable. I know he doesn’t get along with his family—some stupid political disagreement. Ray is too “right-wing” for them. Couldn’t they bury the hatchet and help him now? 
My own face trapped in the side image doesn’t look much better. All my anxieties are on full display… and something else, too. My computer camera should be capturing the darkened window behind me; instead, lacy flashes quiver about like strange northern lights. The effect is hypnotic; the lights are trying to snatch my mind away. I spin around and see only blank glass with darkness behind it. 
I shut off the side image and chug the rest of my tea, wondering how many marbles I might be losing.
“What about Bill and George?” I ask.
Ray snorts a sarcastic chuckle. “They split.”
“Where to?”
“They left on some ‘green mission.’ Maybe it’s an environmentalist thing.”
“Have you called them?” I ask.
“Can’t. They left their phones behind and took off in George’s car.”
I’m utterly astounded. Before I can formulate a reply, Ray glances away from the screen. 
He turns back. “I have to go. Somebody’s here.”
“Ray?”
The call terminates.
* * *
I wake up the next morning feverish and achy. As the day progresses, I become increasingly ill and drag myself to the campus medical center where I am ensconced for six days. The case of flu, or whatever the hell it is, really kicks my ass. 
Apparently, I’m not near death enough to merit a transfer to the big hospital in town where they stick tubes down your lungs to keep you breathing. So I remain confined to a little room being poked and medicated. My ringside seat on the parking lot enables me to observe the EMS vehicles come and go, hauling the latest campus casualties.
I have the disturbing sensation that the window is the thinnest of barriers between me, with my marginally sane life, and utter chaos, as represented by the medical emergencies outside. I ask to have the curtains drawn and avoid even looking toward the window.
My condition gradually improves, though my legs are terribly weak. I can scarcely make it to the john without falling over, and if I’m on my feet too long, the room starts gyrating like a psychotic carnival ride. During my third day of captivity, Mom pays a visit. She sits across the room from my bed, wearing a surgical mask. Her eyes are sad.
“I must look awful,” I croak, “but I’m really better.”
“Yes, that’s what the doctor said,” Mom replies, her voice muffled.
This is a strange experience, like talking to a zombie or something. I recall how pretty Mom is when not hidden beneath that terrible mask. She looks much younger than her actual age, younger than Dad. I wonder how he snagged her? 
“How’s Dad doing?” I ask.
Mom twists the handkerchief she’s holding in a death grip. “Oh… fine. He sends his love.”
“Uh-huh.”
Mom and I have never been very communicative, and it really shows now. I sense an invisible wall between us. She seems to have an aura, as if she’s not really of this world—of my world, anyhow. She’s from the past, and my future doesn’t seem to have a place for her, as odd as that sounds. It’s likely just my fever speaking. After a few more strained attempts at conversation, she leaves. No good-bye kiss is possible.
The encounter tires me, and I drop off to sleep. When I awaken a few hours later, a voicemail is waiting from Christy, George’s former girlfriend. She’s all choked up and says that Ray was found hanging from the rafters in his garage. He left a note saying, “Drown the world.”
The news strikes me a sledgehammer blow. My illness, which had been in retreat, comes roaring back. It seizes my head in a vise and cuts off my breath. When I recover enough to phone Christy, there is no answer. She never replies to my message.
The world is turning to shit, I think. 
5. Toward winter break

Keeping my grades up is a hassle when I get out of the clink—virtual lectures, online tutors, extra hours pounding the books. If I’m lucky, I’ll get through the semester without too much academic damage. 
I’m feeling better and spend a Saturday wandering the campus on my electric scooter, taking random stills and video clips like that Soviet guy in Man with a Movie Camera. I’m thinking more about the film school now that illness has clarified my life. Even a temporary loss of health and mobility can put matters into sharper focus, letting you know that the old Grim Reaper will eventually show up, so you’d better make the most of things.
I zip along bike lanes and through parking lots at maximum velocity, enjoying the wind on my once feverish face. The sun is almost painfully bright. I stop, fire my camera, take off again. 
Most of my shots are pretty bland—students walking around glued to their smartphones, a mass of people headed to the football game. The thought of mingling in a crowd fills me with angst. I photograph a soulless dorm complex with cookie-cutter brick structures six stories high, then some big satellite dishes at Communications Arts and Sciences. 
The saucers cluster in a restricted area, and I have to push my camera lens up to the fence to get a shot. A security guard, who looks like a goon from some gangster movie, gives me a suspicious look and walks my direction. I’m off on my scooter before he arrives.
I’m reaching a creative dead end, unable to think of an original angle. A creeping lethargy is taking hold with the camera accentuating my mood of isolation and disengagement. I call it a day.
Back in my dorm room, I load the clips into an editing program where a disturbing theme emerges. A distant figure, always in yellow and brown, keeps showing up—standing in the background, walking in the mob going to the football stadium, looking down at me from a dorm window. The person seems to be male, though I can’t make out a face no matter how much I blow up a frame. 
The saucers have assumed an eerie glow as if they are communicating with some alternate reality instead of man-made satellites. Sure it was a bright day, but the picture seems wrong. Who owned this camera before me? It’s like the damn thing is haunted. I return to my studies.

A week later, my angst shoved aside, I venture into town seeking photo ops but finding little of interest. I have the strange feeling that somebody is filming me as I glide along the sidewalks on my scooter—as if I’m a fish in a huge aquarium, my glass wall shielding me from the outside. I stop occasionally to take a picture, always careful to scan the area for anyone in yellow. 
I come to a friendly, red-brick church with arched stained-glass windows. I think to go in, but the stairs deter me. My legs still aren’t up to par, and I don’t like the idea of dragging my scooter up those risers. The alternative is to lock my transportation outside. Even in this supposedly liberal and laid-back town, thieves roam the streets. 
A tree somewhere throws a dark, hand-like shadow across the front edifice, seeming to threaten the windows and the people within. I don’t see any trees nearby, though, and decide to move on. 
Still, I’m in a religious mood. I was too sick to attend Ray’s funeral, and ever since then, I’ve felt the need to enter a spiritual space to recharge my flagging batteries. The Clarion obituary was quite nice: “Raymond Galvez, beloved son and brother, etc.” Seems his family may have come around after all—when it was too late. 
I arrive at another church, this one stark and modernistic. The front is a peaked structure about four stories high sporting a huge cross. It makes a forceful impression, like God’s battering ram. I snap a picture and peruse the area. Nobody around, and the parking lot is nearly empty. After some hesitation, I decide to go in. Only one step separates the entry from sidewalk level, and I roll my scooter over it into the building.
The narthex is quiet and subdued with a mirror-like polished floor that throws no echoes. Locked, windowed doors lead to the nave. I gaze through them at an environment of cushioned pews and a high, stately pulpit. Light filtering in through stained-glass windows throws lacy color patterns about the space. Huge organ pipes adorn the walls. 
Beside me, a rack contains printed sermons and a box for donations. I inspect the titles. Most are standard fare similar to sermons I’ve heard before during church services. One catches my eye. It’s sticking out at an angle, hanging over, as if offering itself to me. The paper is yellowed.
TOHU WABOHU
the thin wall
I pull it from the rack. The sermon opens with a young counselor at an exclusive summer camp accepting an invitation to visit the home of another counselor friend. The friend lives on an idyllic farm with verdant pastures. Everything is cool until the friend reveals a secret:
He led the way to a big white barn. He pushed open the big white door, then removed several bales of hay, revealing a second locked, door.
When the inner door was opened and a switch thrown, brilliant light permeated a room filled with posters, books, flags, guns, ammunition, and armaments of every kind—along with pictures of Hitler, Nazi insignia, stacks of hate literature, and inflammatory slogans.
Turns out the guy and his family belong to a hate church, gearing up for armed revolution. The counselor looks on aghast while his friend tries to recruit him to the cause. I read further:
This story may help you understand the thinness of the wall separating the goodness of God’s creation from the waters of destruction chaotically surging against it.
The bizarre narrative is enthralling, but a middle-aged secretary drifts across the polished floor toward me, eyeing my scooter with disapproval. 
“Can I help you?” she asks.
“Uh, I’m just leaving, thanks.” I drop some money into the box and beat a hasty retreat with the sermon.
Back at Thurston Hall, I examine the latest pix. No strange figure in yellow or other unexplained effects. God’s battering ram looks a bit strange, though, tilting away in the camera angle. I return to the sermon: 
Tohu Wabohu, the way things were before God, and the way things feel without God—foreboding, confusing, relentlessly surging! How close the chaos sometimes looms, and how relentless is the formless dark.
How do you keep the sea contained? How do you keep the darkness shuttered, the Pandora’s box nailed? 
How do you explain the letters TW on the green building door?
* * *
A few days after my foray into town, the university informs me via e-mail that I’m getting a new roommate. He’s apparently been here while I was away at class, but I didn’t get to meet him. The only evidence of his visit is a yellow jacket hanging in the closet. 
I stare at the garment a long time, wondering what the hell it means. Not long ago, I would have been profoundly shocked, run out of the room, even. What’s changed? Has my illness purified my emotions through suffering—put me in the hands of God? 
Maybe the jacket has no meaning at all. At least I might find out something when the guy shows up. Perhaps my life is on a fixed track, leading to a fate as yet unknown. I slide the closet door shut and do my best to forget the mystery hanging inside.
Basketball is in full swing. I was a fan last year, mostly because of the after-game parties. Now, the thought of mingling with a crowd is repellent. This works in my favor when a terrorist group crashes a game. From my ivory tower window, I see legions of cops and national guard troops surrounding the field house where the crowd is being held hostage.
Classes are suspended indefinitely; the whole campus grinds to a halt. Such students who remain at my dorm gather at mealtimes, murmuring in agitated voices. Their fearful talk about the terrorists mingles with other disturbing themes—a looming pandemic, climate breakdown, political breakdown, wars, food shortages. I remain alone at my little dining hall table, making it my business to know as little about the situation as possible. 
No word from my new roomie. He must have decided to stay away during the crisis. I examine the tag inside his jacket: Toby Wilcox. That’s an unusual name, like that kid in the circus movie.
I hear nothing from Mom and Dad. Somehow, this does not surprise me.
6. Confrontation

The hostage crisis ends, the troops clear out, and the campus becomes a ghost town. The university proclaims that classes will resume after winter break. It used to be called “Christmas break,” but such terminology has lost favor in these Godless times. 
Thurston’s dining hall serves the remaining residents from the entire East Complex, mostly foreign students. They spread throughout the vast room and eat quietly in little groups. I avoid contact and take only enough nourishment to keep hunger at bay. I cloister in my room like a monk, being prepared for… what? 
Still no word from home. I consider calling, but the idea fills me with unease. I keep seeing Mom nervously twisting her handkerchief, and I remember how fit and youthful she looks. Then there’s Dad—potbellied, balding, and quick-tempered—a beer clutched in one hand, a cigarette in the other. I don’t want to know what’s going on with them.
Winter break finally comes, so I catch the bus home. The ride is quiet and sullen for the most part. The bus is almost empty, so I have plenty of room to spread out in the front-most seat. At one station, a man dressed in a shabby yellow jacket clambers aboard. 
He glances about with wild eyes and starts shouting about the iniquities of the world. “The great reckoning is coming!” 
“Get your ass off this bus,” the driver says.
“I paid for my ticket, same as anybody else.”
“Go get a refund, but you ain’t riding on my bus.”
The driver is a large, burly man, while the interloper is frail and looks ready to collapse. He glowers at the driver, then at me. 
He offers a final bit of invective, “Drown the world!” and stumbles off.
“Just in time for the holidays,” the driver mutters, closing the door. “The crazies always come out this time of year.”
He’s about to pull away when two gunshots erupt. Holes appear in the windshield. I dive to the floor as the bus driver crashes down beside me.
“Fuck!” He smears a hand over his bloody cheek. “Sonovabitch!” 
He opens the door and tumbles outside. Chaos reigns on the street—shouting, horns blasting. The man in the yellow coat flees around a corner. 
The police soon arrive, and an emergency vehicle hauls away the driver. He’s still full of fight, though.
“I’ll get that sonovabitch!”
After speaking with the cops, I and the few other passengers are herded onto another bus to finish our trip. We even get a free coffee. 
* * *
Since I have only a small, rolling suitcase, I choose to walk from the bus station to my house. The weather is unseasonably warm, and the sidewalks are ice-free. After so many days of dorm confinement, exercise is a good thing—plus I can delay my arrival home a bit. I head down the main drag, which is quieter with much less traffic than I remember. The businesses are mostly closed. Must be due to the holiday season, I tell myself.
As I turn down the side streets, cars and pedestrians disappear altogether. Houses stare at me across brown front lawns. They appear like empty shells that would tumble over if you pushed the door. The town gives the impression of being half-erased with sketchy, generic details appearing in my peripheral vision. When I look directly at things, they snap into sharper focus. My suitcase wheels make hardly any sound.
Where the hell is everybody? I draw my jacket tightly under my chin, keep my eyes fixed on the sidewalk, and hurry to my house.
* * *
The first thing that strikes me when I enter the living room is the stench of old cigarette smoke. I’d forgotten how bad it is in our house. Dad sits before the TV with a 40-ounce bottle of beer and an ashtray full of butts. He looks up indifferently.
“Where’s Mom?” I ask.
He stares at me a few seconds, then looks back at the TV. “She left.”
The finality of his statement discourages further discussion, so I ascend the stairs to my room and unpack. I’m suddenly exhausted and flop onto the bed. Though I seldom smoke, a cigarette would be good about now. I could ask Dad for one, but he doesn’t seem very sociable. 
I spend half an hour on my back, staring at the ceiling and at the wallpaper that’s been hanging here since I was a little kid. My parents never got around to changing it. I could have painted it over myself, of course. The fact I didn’t speaks to my general state of sloth over the years.
The wallpaper depicts a complex and idyllic world of rolling hills, trees, and flowers. Balloons and kites float through the air amid beautiful rainbows. Various wildlife scamper about, including plump little chicks in bright yellow. I’ve scarcely noticed the wallpaper in more recent years, but when I was a kid, I’d stare at it for hours, fantasizing about its freedom and looking for hidden details. There seems to be a detail I’ve missed.
I get up and examine a section of wallpaper near the ceiling. Is that a small green structure tucked between the folds of two hills? I can’t tell for sure; it’s too high up. The only available chair has wheels, and I’d probably fall trying to stand on it.
* * *
When I come back downstairs, Dad is gone. I mean really gone as if he never existed. The cigarette stench has disappeared. I poke my head into their bedroom and see only a stripped bed and an open, empty closet. None of this surprises me. It’s all part of the track my life is running down. Dad’s car is not in the driveway; it was never there.
I head out to Legrasse Park with my camera, determined to photograph the green building in daytime. As I near the place, the ‘flying girl’ zips past on her turquoise bike, arms extended. She gives me a knowing leer.
So, she’s still around, but the green building isn’t—just an open grassy space where it used to be. Some high school kids with skateboards are lounging around the picnic tables in the nearby shelter. I recognize the red bandanna. The skull printed on it is the same as on the green building wall.
“What happened to it?” I ask him.
He pulls the cigarette from his mouth long enough to reply. “What are you talking about?”
I gesture to the empty grass. “The green building. It used to be here—now it’s gone.”
His lips curl into a snide grin, and he mutters something to his buddies. They all laugh.
“Sound like you’re half ‘gone’ yourself,” the red bandanna says.
He flicks away his cigarette butt and stands up. The others stand, too. They walk off toward the skate park.
* * *
It’s nighttime, and I’m jotting these final remarks in my notebook under flashlight illumination. I’m back at Legrasse Park, and so is the green building, as I knew it would be. The door is partly open, and I can see the light swirls amid the blackness inside.
This is what I’ve been prepared for? Why else all the supposed coincidences—my “haunted” camera, the scratch-off man and Ray’s death, the old sermon reaching to me from the rack, the disappearances and the airplane girl—the green building itself? Tonight, I will find out. 
I wanted to post this commentary on The Angstrom Edge, but my blog has been deleted, along with my e-mail and social media accounts. Fortunately, I got some money from an ATM before my banking account disappeared. It seems I’m being erased myself. 
So, I’ll leave this notebook on a picnic table with some cash and a storage card containing my pictures and video files. Maybe whoever finds it will feel motivated to publish my story. If I make it back, I’ll write some more.

I’m going to enter the green building now. 
RBU
RBU = robotic bodyguard unit, the latest status symbol

1. Bad morning at the office 
“The average person is an idiot.”— Peter Latimore
The People Machine, a.k.a. Cattle Car, mass transit network is a crash program generating predictable outcomes. Another fatal accident is distressing the mucky-mucks at the ministry where I work. 
Vast amounts of public money have gone into constructing the system. It was supposed to solve the problem of moving around human beings who no longer possess private transportation. Results have been disappointing. I happen to be in Commissioner Latimore’s office when a flunky brings the latest report printed on light blue paper.
Latimore snatches the sheet. “What is it now?” 
The flunky makes a helpless, noncommittal shrug, then disappears. I squirm within my rumpled clothes and cheap polyester necktie, wishing I was someplace else, having surgery or something.
Were it not for Latimore’s squat presence hulking behind the desk, this office would be nice. It’s carpeted and paneled with temperature control that actually works. The back wall has a large, solid window and two smaller ones that can open to the outside. The aroma of quality coffee issues from a brewer on a small table. I’m not offered a cup. The contrast with my cramped and stuffy cubicle in one of the ministry’s “prole floor” habitats is jarring. I imagine myself seated behind that fancy desk, issuing orders.
“Dammit!” Latimore crumples the accident report in his fist. “The dust hasn’t settled from the previous smashup.”
“How many casualties this time?” I venture to ask.
“Nearly 400.”
The statement fills me with horror. I cannot stifle a gasp. An image of my loved ones piled amid smoking wreckage barges into my mind—though I have no loved ones, just me and my job to worry about.
“Looks like a few heads will roll,” I blurt.
He shoots a rancorous look my direction, his pudgy face radiating malice. I’m at the wrong place at the wrong time and have stuck my neck way out with my foolish comment. Better reel it back in, if possible. 
“Meaning those in the technical divisions, of course,” I add hastily.
“Right… you techie know-it-alls.” Latimore shifts his bulk, and the chair groans. “Keep quiet about this, eh? I don’t want you feeding the rumor mill.”
“Of course, sir.” I assume my droopy penitent look, always willing to be the butt of irritation. “Do you still want your RBU?” 
“Yeah, Miller, get on it.”
“Yes, sir.” 
Latimore’s desk phone rings. He picks it up as if he’s handling a venomous snake. I retreat from the office.
I maneuver past the rabbit-warren cubicles, trying to be obscure, wrapped in my unassuming name—Bob Miller. Good old Bob. Nobody would suspect anything unusual from that guy. He’s just another low-level techie slobbering at the government trough, getting by as best he can. I’ve got the looks to match my inconspicuous persona: sandy hair, a few extra pounds (rare these days in my social stratum), and a dimply smile. I background well.
This is all nonsense, of course. What about that Jim Jones lunatic? Now, there was an uncommon person with a common name. More nonsense, the sort of thing that runs through one’s mind in a tedious environment. 
Hopefully, the upgrades to the unit are completed. I wouldn’t want to face Latimore’s wrath if I can’t produce his mechanical bodyguard on time. It’s the latest and greatest. All the big shots have or want them. Latimore never misses a chance to parade around with his.
Chip Harris joins me, toting a paper cupful of free coffee that’s worth every cent—one of our few fringe benefits. 
“Hi, Bob,” he says.
“How’s it going, buddy?” 
We exchange knuckle bumps, our equivalent of a secret handshake. A bit of coffee slops out.
“Sorry, Chip.”
He brushes the wet spot on his threadbare blue shirt; the garment is the same color as the accident report. “Hey, it’s an improvement.”
Talk about another guy with a bland name and the appearance to match. Chip—sounds like a little kid. Kind of looks like one, too, with his curly red hair and freckles. We make an uninspiring pair. 
I think to mention the latest accident report but decide against it. Latimore’s threat must be taken seriously. And why distract Chip at this critical time? I can only hope that no one Chip cares about is among the casualties. Then again, he has no family or romantic attachments. We’re a lot alike in that respect.
“Big day, today?” I ask.
“Damn straight.”
We perform another knuckle bump, no coffee spill this time, and we walk toward the RBU storage area.
“Are the upgrades finished?” I ask. “All of them?”
Chip nods while he slurps down coffee. 
“Latimore wants his ASAP.”
“Well, let’s give it to him,” Chip says.
After passing through Security, we enter the big, windowless storage area with cold light buzzing from its ceiling fixtures and deactivated bodyguard units lined against the walls. Many spots are empty, their former occupants out on active service. The place seems a cross between a meat locker and a morgue. Chip and I draw instinctively closer together.
Each machine is a uniform two meters high of caricatured human anatomy sheathed in armor plate. Their smooth, bald faces contain large “eyes” that are really weapons. Visual sensors are concealed about their frames so that nothing can escape their attention. 
They all look identical, except for their colors—reds, blues, and greens in various shades. The highest level big shots can get any color scheme they want, such as the rainbow-hued machine ordered by the chief solicitor. We stroll down the rank like officers reviewing a platoon of dead soldiers and stop at a red unit, Q-933.
“This is the one,” I say. 
“It’s a real charmer.” 
“Yeah. I think Latimore would take it to bed if he could.”
Chip nearly gags on his coffee. “Fat chance of that!” He tosses the cup into a trash receptacle. “I’ve had enough paint thinner for one day.”
Not hard to see why Commissioner Latimore treats this thing like a security blanket. These robotic bodyguards are something new, designed to counter the violence directed against government officials. They’re much more reliable than fickle human guards, who have been known to abandon their charges in a pinch. Attacks by rowdies and “anti-social elements” have fallen to almost nothing. An RBU at one’s side is the ultimate, lethal status symbol.
I reach up and flick the switch at the base of the thing’s cranium. It hums into zombie mode and swivels its head down toward me. The face remains blank.
“This part always gives me the creeps,” Chip says.
“Nothing of the sort.” I take the unit’s forearm. “We’re old pals.” 
The staff over in Prep will bring the unit fully online, charging up its “death-ray eyes” and providing a bullpup assault rifle for longer range work. They’ll also pack a couple of grenades into the abdominal storage compartment for special occasions. 
The latest upgrades include better optical and motion sensors (Chip and I played a major role here) and improved directed-energy weapons. An RBU can fry a human being up to 17% farther away now. Also, we’ve made numerous changes to the software. Hopefully, everything will work out. If not, all our geese are cooked, so to speak. Some roast goose would actually taste pretty good about now rather than those synthetic meat blobs served in the cafeteria.
Chip gives a mock bow. “After you, gentlemen.” 
The three of us head toward the Prep department. I know the guys there; we cooperate well.
2. Stroll with the unit
“Control the fear and you control the people.”— Cynicus Universalis
Shadowed by his robotic guard, Latimore exited the sprawling Transportation Ministry building and passed by the line of SUV limousines parked out front. He straightened his drooping posture and threw out his chest to present the best possible front to the underlings.
The furious voice of the chief solicitor shouting on the phone still rang in Latimore’s ears. The tongue lashing had been momentous. This afternoon, he’d have to give a full account of the latest People Machine debacle to the chief solicitor and other top brass. The meeting promised to be unpleasant. It might also confer benefits, though.
Jenkins, his usual driver, approached. “You’ll be needing a car this morning, Commissioner?” he asked with a polite bow and wary look at the towering RBU.
“No,” Latimore replied. “I’ll be walking.”
“Walking, sir?” 
Jenkins’ eyebrows went up, and relief registered on his face. Clearly, he did not want the RBU hulking in the back of his limo.
“Yes. That’ll be all.” Latimore moved off. 

Jenkins returned to his assigned limo and began polishing the right fender with a chamois cloth. After a few seconds, he looked back toward the retreating shapes of the commissioner and his mechanical goon. 
“Good riddance,” he muttered. 

Latimore was in no hurry. His meeting with the chief solicitor was still some time off, and he had to ponder important issues—specifically, how to shift blame for the People Machine catastrophes. This could be the most important day of his life.
We’ve got to pin everything on the techies with their smug, above-it-all attitudes. 
Of course, he knew the techies were not at fault. Bureaucratic incompetence had caused the disasters: the promotion of politically connected idiots, turf squabbles, and the advancement of meaningless “qualifications.” Favoritism, nepotism, and racism thrived in the government ministries. At least half the managers could be liquidated. 
This wasn’t the time yet for such radical action. Latimore had to first sidle his way into the topmost ranks of the elite, move up from the Transportation Ministry. Then the axe could fall. He’d been reading up on Stalin’s tactics. The late Soviet dictator had interesting ideas for handling bothersome, though necessary, technical types.
Yes… how could we do it now? 
The guards manning the security zone barrier a block from the ministry stood to attention as Latimore approached. They waved him through their checkpoint with apprehensive sideway glances at the RBU. 
Latimore grinned at their discomfort. “See you boys later. Count on it.”
“Yes, sir.” The head guard snapped a salute. He sounded relieved to be rid of his mechanical counterpart.
Latimore strolled beyond the security zone and into the grimy downtown. Tense, aimless people wearing shabby clothes haunted the sidewalks. They shuffled in defeated, hunched over postures. Latimore wondered where they could all be going. Not to work certainly with so many of the masses unemployed. 
People made way when they saw his black government uniform with the leather boots and the RBU trailing behind. He swelled with pride, flexing the flabby chest muscles beneath his official badge. The humiliating phone call from the chief solicitor faded from his consciousness.
The decayed district seemed a fittingly humble backdrop against which an extraordinary person like himself could appear more formidable. The burned-out hulks of once thriving businesses towered above him like ghosts from the failed, despised past. The streets sprawled cracked and devoid of cars. Rancid odors emerged from sewer grates.
He returned his attention to the dispirited pedestrians and snorted with contempt. Amazing! It’s only taken five years. 
One day a pandemic broke out, then a hyped-up climate crisis, another exaggerated pandemic. Wars flared in numerous areas. Fear stalked the country and the world. The masses had to sacrifice. Their wasteful habits had to be discarded to save the planet, promote the common good, and ensure the privileges of the elite. People buckled to their fear and gave up their basic rights, cowering toward the all-knowing government for protection. 
Latimore shook his head. The average citizen truly is an idiot. 
Any political leader who spoke with courage got excoriated in the press, elbowed aside, prosecuted, or voted out in a rigged election. Inflation raged. Then came the guaranteed annual income pittance, the collapsed job market and the poverty explosion, the banning of guns and personal transportation—for all except those wise enough to jump onto the right side of history. 
I’ve done well for a guy who started as a bus supervisor. 
After a few blocks of uneventful progress, he turned a corner and spied people gathering on the sidewalk ahead. Common sense dictated avoiding the crowd, but Latimore was feeling his oats, or at least the eggs Benedict upon which he’d breakfasted. 
He stole a glance at the dull red bulk of the RBU, walking silently a few paces behind. Its glowing eyes and expressionless face cut through the gray morning. The thing’s unearthly quiet and air of latent violence spooked Latimore while reassuring him at the same time. I’m glad that thing’s on my side.
Latimore squared his shoulders, puffed out his chest, and continued on. At first, nobody in the crowd noticed who he was, and he had to push a few aside.
“Hey, you sonuva—” a burly man protested as Latimore elbowed him out of the way. A wave of cheap whiskey breath came with the words.
The man actually raised his fist before noticing Latimore’s government badge. His eyes moved toward the RBU, then quickly away. He vanished into the crowd. 
Latimore chuckled. “Dumb bastard.” 
People made way for him then, and he advanced to the front where a dead and bloody man lay on the sidewalk, an apparent stabbing victim. Latimore pursed his lips. 
“That’s the second one I’ve seen this week,” somebody in the crowd boasted.
Others murmured approval.
“This ain’t nothing compared to Brush Street,” a man wearing a scruffy baseball cap retorted. “There was two guys and a broad sliced up yesterday.”
The crowd pressed up to the baseball cap guy, eager to hear more about the triple murder, their blood lust rising. The corpse lay on the sidewalk at Latimore’s feet, momentarily forgotten. Blood seeped onto the toes of Latimore’s shoes. He began to feel nauseous, palms turning cold and sweaty.
I’ve seen enough of this shit. He turned to leave, only to discover the crowd had pressed him in. Damn! 
A new batch of gawkers had arrived, standing on tiptoe, trying to get a better view of the crime scene. Their eager leers and crude brutality frightened Latimore; at any moment, they could turn savage. He glanced about for his RBU. The thing stood motionless on the edge of the mob, like an alien statue. Would it even know if somebody stuck a blade into Latimore’s gut? 
Sudden panic gripped him in its icy claws. I have to get outta here! 
Latimore slipped between tensed, smelly bodies, trying to escape the press. A rough hand gripped the front of his tunic. Whiskey-soaked breath assailed his nostrils. The ugly face of the man he’d pushed aside earlier stared into his. Cold anger had replaced its fear.
“Big shot government official, eh?” The man growled. 
He stuck a knifepoint under Latimore’s chin. Latimore’s knees gave out. Were it not for the press of bodies and the hand gripping his jacket, he would have collapsed.
“I… I…”
An ear-piercing whine issued from the RBU, freezing everyone in place. The knife remained at Latimore’s throat as he swiveled his eyeballs desperately toward his mechanical protector. Q-933 waded through the crowd, forcing people out of its way. Latimore felt a hot burst of energy shoot past him. He shut his eyes tight.
When he opened them again, the mob had scattered. It soon regrouped itself and congregated around a new point of interest—the burly man lying on the sidewalk with his face blown off. Excited comments filled the air:
“Look at that!” 
“He got his head remodeled.”
“Whoo Wee! That’s three this week.”
Only the baseball cap guy looked disgruntled, having lost his audience. Latimore vomited eggs Benedict onto the pavement and stumbled off with his bodyguard following impassively.
* * *
A bench in an overgrown little park offered refuge. Latimore flopped onto it and loosened his collar, his breath coming in ragged gasps. He wiped a hand along his throat. It came back bloodied from where the knife had punctured the skin.
Ugh! 
Things like this were only supposed to happen to other people. The RBU stood nearby, immobile, while Latimore regained his composure. A few winos sitting on other benches cast indifferent looks his direction then went back to their private hells. 
What’s to be done with such human rubbish? 
That was somebody else’s problem. Latimore’s problem was more immediate. How could he cover his own ass and rein in the techies while still keeping them on the job? The violent incident this morning had terrified Latimore, but it also focused his mind. He finally had the solution to his predicament:
Conduct a show trial charging the techies with sabotaging the People Machine system. Throw in a treason accusation for good measure. Shoot some of them, especially that Bob Miller smart mouth, as a warning. Issue lengthy prison sentences and incarcerate the others. The techies would keep working while they did their time, enjoying nominally better conditions than the usual prison inmate. Stalin had established similar prison camps for his technical elite and enjoyed success. 
The idea had to be subtly presented. Gaining the chief solicitor’s cooperation would be step one, then getting other key bureaucrats on board. 
We’re all in the same boat. They’d better cooperate. 
The right words, spoken at the right time, advancing himself as the hero of the people—the man who brought justice to the crash victims. With luck, Latimore could get out of the Transportation Ministry and move on to better things. He needed more time to think, finalize his arguments, get away from this awful park and the leering winos. 
The thought of trekking back to the ministry through the ruined neighborhood became unbearable. His legs still felt like rubber, and his stomach churned. Latimore pulled out his phone to call his secretary.
“Yes, Commissioner?” she answered.
“Tell Jenkins to come pick me up. I’m at—”
Explosions and the rattle of gunfire assaulted his ear through the phone… screams, shouts. The connection went dead.
What the hell?
He glanced up at his RBU. It had moved closer, its eyes glowing.
“Don’t look at me like that!”
A beam of intense energy shot from the unit’s eyes. Latimore went up in smoke. He didn’t even have time to scream.
3. Back at the ranch
The gunfire inside the building finally dies down. I poke my head out from under Latimore’s desk to see Chip Harris casually pouring himself coffee from the side table brewer. His other hand holds a phone to his ear.
“You think it’s safe yet?” I inquire.
He looks my direction and grins. “About as safe as it’s going to be.”
I emerge fully and move toward the window bank. Five stories down, a large group of civilians has massed outside the main door behind a barricade of limousines. Armed guards defend their position. An occasional gunshot keeps everyone crouching behind the vehicles for cover. 
“It seems to be going well,” I say. “A lot of the guards have joined our side.”
“Glad to hear it.” 
I examine the bullet holes along the top of the main window and the long cracks running down the pane. Then I look toward the door where more puncture wounds are evident. “Can’t say as I like the remodeling job much. I was hoping to move in here.” 
Chip finishes his phone call and raises his coffee cup in salute. “It’s nationwide, bro. The coup is true.”
“My man!” I cross the room and exchange a knuckle bump. “Not bad for guys at the bottom of the heap, eh?”
He gulps a triumphant swig of coffee. “So, you want this place, huh? I kind of had an eye on it myself.”
A screaming man hurtles past the large window.
“Yow!” I rush to the glass and look down at the corpse in the senior-level red tunic decorating the pavement. “Looks like the chief solicitor.”
“Forget what I said. I’ll take his office.”
“Deal.” 
A heavy thump at the door interrupts our bonhomie.
“Sounds like we have a visitor,” Chip says.
I straighten my rumpled clothing as much as possible and open the door. RBU Q-933 towers above, staring straight ahead with its death-ray eyes.
“Welcome back, buddy,” I say. “Come on in.”
I step aside, and the machine skulks into the office. Amazing how such a giant thing can move so quietly. As I reach out to close the door, I notice the secretary hiding under her desk.
“It’s all right now,” I tell her. “Thanks for sticking around. There’ll be a bonus for you.”
Chip aims a remote control at the RB and presses a button as if he’s switching off a television. The unit enters zombie mode.
“Better let me have this before somebody gets hurt.” Chip removes the assault rifle from the machine’s slackened grip and lays it on the desk.
“You know, I’m going to miss him,” I say. “Too bad we’ve got to scrap all the RBs.”
Chip shrugs. “Can’t be helped. We’re running them today; tomorrow, they could be running us.”
“Let’s give this one a proper send-off.”
“Good idea.”
Chip and I push the desk aside, leaving a clear path for the unit. I open a small side window and shout to the people below. 
“Everybody, keep clear! Company’s coming.”
“Move straight ahead,” Chip murmurs into the remote control.
Q-933 walks unswervingly across the room. Its giant frame contacts the main window then crashes through amid a shower of glass fragments.
“Cool!” 
We look out the gaping maw where the window used to be and observe the broken hulk sprawled on the concrete, obliterating the chief solicitor. An explosion tosses the RBU off the human corpse, making us flinch. People duck farther down behind the limos. 
“The grenades must have gone off,” Chip says. “I didn’t count on that.”
I offer another knuckle bump. “Blame it on the techies!”
The Last Trick or Treater
“I have a definite, sadistic delight in seeing or causing death … From an early age, I knew strongly the lust to kill.” – Justice Wargrave, And Then There Were None, by Agatha Christie


1. Devon’s night out
Little Devon kept to the shadows, clad in his Grim Reaper outfit. He peered through his skull mask at the kids rushing about with their candy bags. 
I have missed so much, he thought.
Legrasse Park loomed behind him, its towering oaks rustling in the night breeze. Across the street, porch lights blazed. Kids dressed in all manner of costumes charged up to front doors with excited “Trick or Treat!” shouts. 
A group of parents stood on the sidewalk, laughing and socializing. One of the moms noticed Devon, and her smile faded. Then the others looked his direction. Soon they were gone, shepherding their kids away.
Devon moved on, trying to be inconspicuous. As he navigated the suburban streets, doors closed, and porch lights went out. It was getting late, and the littlest trick or treaters headed for their homes. A group of high-school-aged kids dashed ahead of him, heralding the end of the festivities.
At last, he came to the house he sought—a modest bungalow at the end of a block. He mounted the porch stairs and rang the doorbell. 
* * *
This is my first Halloween without Mom. She so much enjoyed giving out candy, and our porch light always burned the latest. I have kept the tradition going for her. 
Things were pretty busy for a while, but when the high school kids showed up, I knew the great giveaway was coming to an end. There are always a few of them bringing up the rear, enjoying their last fling at childhood. So, I dumped the remaining candy into their bags and turned off the light. 
“Well, another one over.” I sat down in the big recliner and flicked on the TV. “Time for beer and horror movies.”
The house seemed so empty without Mom. Her death last month after a brief illness had been a time of great sorrow. She’d told me so many things in her last days, her precious secrets. Strange as it sounds, I already knew the most important one without being told.
The doorbell rang, startling me out of my melancholy recollections.
“What now?”
I left my comfy chair to squint out the peephole of the front door. I couldn’t see anything besides a darker space in the general gloom—a sort of condensed darkness. I clicked on the porch light and opened the door.
A small figure in a Grim Reaper costume stood amid the pool of light. He held a toy scythe in one hand and a plastic bag in the other. Par for the course, except for the extremely realistic mask. It almost seemed as if a real human skull hovered under the black hood. I glanced toward the sidewalk to see if parents accompanied this last trick or treater—no one.
“Uh, sorry,” I said. “I’m out of candy.”
He did not reply.
“It’s kind of late for you to be out, isn’t it? Where are your parents?”
He rotated his head both directions, glancing up and down the empty street. Then he looked up into my face.
“Hi, Mike,” he said. “Did Mom tell you about me?” 
“W-what?” 
My chest recoiled as if it had absorbed a heavy blow. I gripped the doorknob for support.
“Well, did she?” the little figure demanded.
“She … I …” My breath came in ragged gasps. “Is that you, Devon?”
He nodded.
“B-but you’re dead.”
“I was never born.” 
His little-kid voice seemed to come from inside my own skull rather than behind the mask. 
“That man stopped my heartbeat and tore me apart,” Devon said. “He pulled me out in pieces.”
My throat had gone dry, and my trembling hands felt icy. A hot tear rolled down my cheek.
“Mom wanted me so much!” The high, anguished voice tore at my heart. “Grandma and grandpa wouldn’t hear of it, though. Then my papa… and him. They all hated me.”
I held the knob in a death grip. I lowered my head and covered my eyes with my other hand, struggling to keep from passing out. The voice continued.
“Do you know how that feels? Hated by your own family? They gave me a death sentence. They sent the gray killer.”
Maybe I did pass out for a moment. When I was able to look up again, Devon had gone. Only the skull mask remained, lying near the door.
I stooped to retrieve it. The mask seemed quite ordinary now, like one you could buy in any store. Taped inside was a single sheet of heavy paper. A message scrawled at the top in a childish hand read, 
Please stop them.
Printed below were the addresses of two men: Joe Whalen and a Dr. Angell.
2. Grandma and Grandpa

The long walk to Grandma and Grandpa’s house the next morning gave me time to think about my lost elder brother. On some level, I always knew he’d existed. I even created a name for him—Devon. It seemed unique without being odd. Anyhow, I’d never known anyone else by that name.
His agitated presence hovered in the background my whole life. I swore I could see him in my peripheral vision numerous times. Mom looked for him, too, whenever she glanced toward the empty chair at our dinner table or scanned the vacant street, hoping for the last trick or treater to show up. Devon would be 27 now. We could have been great friends.
Mom was such a good person, but she got a lot of bad breaks and made too many poor decisions, such as marrying my abusive prick of a father. I vividly recall the whippings he gave me and the vile things he shouted at Mom. The two of us “inconvenienced” him, he once yelled. 
Wouldn’t it have been great to have an older brother backing me up when Dad walked out eight years ago? Someone to help me look after Mom as she declined into melancholy. If my dear father had had the nerve to show up at her funeral, I’d planned to beat his ass. He didn’t come, though. That must be why he left when he did; he knew I was getting old enough to knock his head in. I’m thinking of tracking him down for a happy reunion.
Toward the end, Mom told me about the abortion she’d had six years before I was born—how it had devastated her and left a hole in her life. It didn’t seem proper to press for more details. I didn’t know it had been a late-term procedure when a viable child is ripped from its mother, and I didn’t know of my grandparents’ involvement. Had Devon told the truth about them? Today I would find out. 
Grandma and Grandpa had always been so smiling and generous, trying to spoil me with expensive gifts and constantly stating how much they loved me. I could never take to them, though, when I saw how Mom kept aloof. 
I was cool and composed when I arrived at their place. Halloween decorations festooned the front and side yards of their corner house, including dummies rigged out as witches, skeletons, whatever. My grandparents were big on Halloween decorations and had won several awards over the years.
A particularly gruesome display consisted of a towering, satanic figure dressed in a black tuxedo with a grinning mouthful of sharp teeth. Before him, a terrified little girl hung from puppet strings controlled by the demonic figure. This horrid display hardened my heart. I no longer wished to confer with my grandparents but to confront them. 
I rang the doorbell, as Devon had done last night. Grandma opened the door. A smile spread across her wrinkled face. 
“Michael! Please come in.”
I stepped inside and fired my first salvo. “Devon says hi, Grandma.”
A frown creased her forehead. “Who?”
“You know, the grandson you had killed.”
Her mouth became a rigid circle, and her eyes widened. “She told you about that?”
“Yes. Mom said it wrecked her life. How old was she at the time, fifteen? She really needed your compassionate support.”
Grandma stared up at me, frightened, as if the razor-toothed fiend outside had stepped into the house. She looked shrunken to half her former size.
“As an added touch of class, you waited until Devon was almost ready to be born before you ripped him apart.”
“I-it wasn’t like that,” Grandma stammered. “We planned to have it done sooner. She ran away, and… the father didn’t want it.”
I heard Grandpa lumbering up the stairs from the basement. He entered the living room.
“What’s wrong, Emma?” he demanded.
She turned toward him, her lips trembling. “He knows about… the procedure.”
Grandpa looked confused for a moment. Then a thunderous glower darkened his face.
“So tell me, Grandpa,” I said. “How can you claim to love one grandchild while murdering another?”
“You bastard!” he snarled.
I held out my hands. “Oh no, you killed the ‘bastard.’ I’m the one you let live.”
Grandpa flushed crimson. His eyes transmitted lethal rage. 
“Calm down, old man,” I said. “You’ll give yourself another heart attack.”
Grandpa moved across the room and took Grandma in his arms. She wept freely.
“Seems I’ve worn out my welcome.” I turned to go.
“Can’t you forgive us?” Grandma squeaked.
I spun back around. “God forgives. Try to square it with Him.” 
A thrust from my elbow knocked open the screen door. I strode across the lawn toward the puppeteer monster. I kicked it over and freed the child from the strings. She was only hollow plastic and weighed almost nothing.

Some blocks away, I encountered a group of little girls playing on a front porch. One of them pointed at the dummy I was carrying. 
“She looks scared.”
“Right.” I set the oversized doll on the grass. “See if you can cheer her up.”
“Thanks!” The girls charged down from the porch. 
I beat a hasty retreat before anyone could accuse me of being a weirdo. As I tramped along toward home, I kept seeing the image of a 15-year-old girl running ahead of me, braids bouncing on her shoulders. She couldn’t escape, couldn’t hold out by herself.
3. Reckoning
“You won’t find anyone can do a job like mine unless they get some kick out of it.” – Fairy Hardcastle, That Hideous Strength, by C.S. Lewis

“Bitch!” 
Joe Whalen slapped the woman hard. Her head snapped back, and she nearly tumbled from the kitchen chair.
“Had to get yourself pregnant, eh?” 
Joe backhanded her again. Blood oozed from her nose. She took a napkin from the table and pressed it to her face, weeping bitter tears.
A tiny voice cried from the bedroom. “Mommy! Mommy!”
Joe contained his fury, standing before the defeated woman, his hands on hips, legs spread wide. 
She looked up from her bloody table napkin. “Joe. What am I gonna do?”
“Do whatever the hell you want. Get an abortion, have the damn thing.”
Joe seized her blouse collar, pulled her halfway across the table, and thrust a finger into her face. “Just don’t come around asking for child support money ‘cause I’ll take your fucking head off!”
He flung her back into the chair. The crying escalated, both from the woman and her child in the bedroom crib. Joe stomped through the living room of the crappy little apartment and out the door to his car. He roared off into the darkness and was on the freeway driving through a light mist when a grin spread over his features. 
“Joey, boy, you’ve still got what it takes.”
Here he was, mid-40s and still dropping babies. How many was it now? Had to be at least ten, not counting the abortions, all races and colors. Joe swelled with pride and squared his shoulders.
He recalled the first one more than 25 years ago. What the hell was her name—the 15-year-old girl with the Pollyanna hair braids? He couldn’t remember. It had been a bad scene. He’d been underage himself then, or the shit would have really hit the fan. Imagine, she wanted to run away together! Joe chuckled at the memory.
He was so wrapped up in his recollections that he didn’t notice the big sedan ahead of him until it was almost too late. The car had its lights off. Joe laid on the horn and pulled alongside. 
“Turn on your fucking lights!”
The driver flicked on his low beams and looked over with a polite wave. Something about the gesture terrified Joe. The guy seemed to be on a death trip and wouldn’t mind ramming that big car into Joe’s vehicle, killing them both. Joe sped up, tires hissing on the damp road, keeping a nervous rear-view eye on the sedan until it pulled off at an exit. 
Joe let out a sigh of relief as his mind returned to his many conquests. The trick was to find timid females over 21 who had no backup. The ones who lacked fathers, brothers, or maybe a psychotic ex-boyfriend who might take your own fucking head off. You also had to avoid anyone ballsy enough to pump a bullet into you herself.
There was no lack of vulnerable women—undereducated, on welfare, frightened. They were always so impressed that a man with a steady job would take an interest in them. Until they got knocked up, that is. He’d given this last one the standard treatment. It always worked. Nobody ever asked to run away with him again.
Joe left the freeway and drove the final blocks to his apartment building. He parked in his designated space in the back lot and exited his car. What the hell? The light was out, darkening the area. Better tell the manager tomorrow.
He felt a blunt jab against his lower spine and heard a muffled explosion. Joe pitched forward onto his face. A vast numbness seized his lower body, and he could no longer feel his legs. Blood oozed from his nose onto the concrete.
A foot wedged under his shoulder and rolled him onto his back. He stared up at a figure in a dark hoodie, wearing a skeleton mask and holding a suppressed, small-caliber pistol.
“Fuck!” Joe exclaimed.
The hooded figure shook its head. “Your fucking days are over.”
It fired two more shots into Joe’s groin. A kick to the head silenced any outcry.
* * *
Everything about Dr. Angell was gray—his eyes, complexion, the fringe of hair around his bald head… and his soul. As he jogged through the wooded area, he savored the prospect of the late-term abortion he was to perform tomorrow. Those were the best by far, but they were becoming less common. The “right to life” sons of bitches were ruining things all over the country. Maybe it was time to retire. 
Dr. Angell shook his head. The taking of human life was a powerful addiction, and he could no more give it up than renounce breathing. He thrilled at seeing tiny babies in the ultrasound images, watching their beating hearts, knowing that he would soon be snuffing them out. Just thinking about it gave him a hard-on under his jogging suit. 
Then there was the baby parts selling business from which he’d profited greatly. His own life had been richly blessed. In what other profession could he indulge his lust to kill and get paid for it? Be a soldier? The enemy could fight back. Better to take on the helpless and rejected.
He stopped at his customary bench and sat down to rest. His heart rate slowed to normal. Such an excellent day for November—high sixties, bright and sunny with remaining traces of fall color here and there. Dr. Angell spread his arms along the back of the bench and let out a sigh.
“Ah, on a day like this, I could almost believe in God.”
A heavy blow struck the back of his head. Before he could tumble over, somebody flung a cord around his neck and pulled it tight. Dr. Angell jerked back, fingers vainly trying to relieve the deadly pressure. The sky turned black, flames roiling at its center. A thousand tiny voices shouted with glee.

The figure in the dark hoodie pulled Dr. Angell’s body into the thicket behind the bench. The corpse’s gray face stared into eternity with an expression of absolute horror—eyes bugged and mouth gaping into a silent scream.
“Looks like you’re having a bad day.” The hooded figure placed a skull mask over Dr. Angell’s distorted face and left.
4. Aftermath
On Christmas morning, I discovered little footprints in the snow on my front porch. Another mask lay near the door—the grinning face of a Santa elf with a message taped inside: Thanks!
I smiled and brought the mask into the house, where I hung it from the Christmas tree. Decorating the big Scotch pine by myself had been a hassle, but I didn’t mind. I’m maintaining the Christmas tradition as Mom would have wanted.
I settled into the reclining chair with my cup of coffee and flicked on the television. The classic movie station was airing It’s a Wonderful Life, Mom’s favorite Christmas movie. I don’t care much for the film myself, but I can watch at least part of it to pay homage.
Well, Grandpa had another heart attack, a fatal one this time. Grandma died soon afterward. Seems they were the type who couldn’t live without each other. I’m not sure how I feel about that. As far as the other two are concerned, I feel pretty good.

END of the stories


Thanks for reading! You must have liked the stories if you got this far, so why not write a review? Just a few words, either at the online bookstore where you obtained this book or in any other medium you wish. May numerous blessings come your way. 
Postscript
It was fun adapting bits and pieces from various works for this manuscript. I am pleased to list them here:
Blow-Up, Michelangelo Antonioni, dir.
Call of Cthulhu, H.P. Lovecraft
The Greatest Gift, Philip Van Doren Stern
It’s a Wonderful Life, Frank Capra, dir.
Tohu Wabohu, Dr. William Ritter

If you or someone you know has been injured by abortion, or if you have a casual opinion about the issue and would like to see an opposing view, please check out this website: https://www.abortionchangesyou.com/ 
Connect with the Author
I hope you enjoyed the stories. Please visit my website at: “The B2”
Also, please check my Smashwords author page.
Brian’s Other Books
Here are brief descriptions of my other adult books. They are available at all major online retailers in e-book format. To find the relevant links, please visit my website at “The B2”

ROBOT HORIZON SERIES

Return to Mech City
Book one of the Robot Horizon series
The end of the world as you’ve never seen it before. Life goes on in Mech City, but it is no longer human. 
As mankind succumbs to its follies and exits the stage, scholar model robot, Winston Horvath, makes a perilous journey to Mech City, where he was manufactured. He meets Star Power, the world’s only functional female robot.
Things unravel when a Roboto Fascist dictatorship seizes power. Its leader has designs on Star. Winston flees with her to gather forces for a counter-coup and, perhaps, get himself upgraded to bring Star true satisfaction.
Science Fiction / Humor / Dystopian

Expedition Westward
Book two of the Robot Horizon series
What is the cost of rediscovering true love in a shattered world? Whatever it might be, Star is willing to pay or not survive the outcome. A trek along dangerous roads provides the answer. The dystopian adventure continues.
Science Fiction / Humor / Dystopian

Battle for Mech City
Book three of the Robot Horizon series
Winston Horvath regains control of Mech City, but his success is soon threatened. Violent religious fanatics are approaching with a robotic army. A disgruntled Dr. Che is also coming to kidnap Star. Meanwhile, Star’s out-of-control sexuality is causing difficulties with various robot and human partners. The fun continues!
Science Fiction / Humor / Dystopian

COUP
A military-backed coup brings substantial benefits to a small nation’s people who experience unprecedented prosperity and freedom from rampant crime. Motivated by his desire for the enigmatic and hyper-sexual Chocolay Strick, former sportswriter Tomasio Hagridoon (a.k.a. T.H.) becomes a top propagandist for the government. His natural curiosity and sense of justice bring him into conflict with the regime when he attempts to peer at the horrors concealed beneath its mask. Politics makes for strange morgue fellows. 
Mystery / Political Intrigue / Dangerous Romance / Light Horror

BriSoc Follies
Follow the personnel of BriSoc Enterprises, Inc. as they navigate life and love in astonishing ways. It all starts when one of them achieves fame. The others try to carve their own paths and find suitable partners for the journey.
Humor (sometimes dark) / Satire / Romance

Great Republic on Rye
When dissolute card sharp and ladies’ man Eugene Walton unexpectedly inherits a plantation, his life assumes renewed purpose. After freeing the slaves and narrowly escaping a lynch mob, Eugene moves into the wider world, bearing a message of liberation. 
Accompanied by dedicated friends and a shadowy former bondsman, he plans to found a “Great Republic” based upon the highest ideals. But things are not so simple in an unready world. Let no good deed go unpunished!
Adventure / Social-Political Satire / Dark Humor

Raptor Aces
The terrifying Zone of Destruction – ZOD, the absence of God. It has taken over the Raptor Aces, an elite Youth League air squadron.
Its leader, Dytran, is the cream of his totalitarian country. His world unravels when a poor decision goes horribly wrong, resulting in death and destruction. He grabs a chance to volunteer for support aviation duty in the war. At the front, he and his comrades are swept up in violence and revenge until escape seems beyond reach. 
New Adult / Action-Adventure / War

Strange Tales for Cozy Nights – 1 
Nine offbeat tales to disturb your cozy nights. From strange voyages and baffling powers to dystopian athletic competitions and the in-laws from Hell, these stories are for you if you enjoy burning the midnight oil with a good yarn.
Horror-ish / Mystery / Whatever

4th Musketelle
Trophy wife Laila Armstrong chafes under the domination of husband Frank. When she learns her adult “stepchildren” are plotting to cut her out of their dad’s lucrative business affairs, she must act fast to avoid being thrown back into the poverty she escaped years earlier. Murder seems to be a reasonable solution—much better than a messy divorce. 
Laila plots to use Frank’s infamous temper against him and make his death seem like an “accident.” Things don’t work out as planned, though, and it’s not certain who will survive the final cut. 
Dark Humor / Romantic Homicide

DAS ROAD
A road novel with fascinating turns through exotic Asia, middle-class America, and Iran caught up in revolution. Travel realms where anything is possible, wonderful, or horrible. And always on the road ahead is the mythical figure of Jon Glass, who haunts the entire journey. A story imbued with meaning just below the level of articulating. A siren call to your wanderlust.
Travel / Mystery

Career Moves for Burnt-Out Personifications
Santa, the Grim Reaper, and others scramble to find new careers and identities. Outrageous political and social satire. “A smorgasbord of paranoid ramblings ideally suited to today’s sensibilities.”
Humor / Political Satire

