Strands of Memory Miniseries:
Strands Of Memory: Leona Winthrope Part One
Written by: Brianna Clayton
Copyright 2013
ISBN: 978-1494862756 
 Copying, redistribution without consent or permission from the author is prohibited.  The character names and settings are from the imaginations of the author.
Published and Distributed by: CreateSpace; and KDP
Dedicated with love to Terry E. Clayton II
Table of Contents
Foreward
5
Prologue: Closure
7
The Baron's Boarding School
22
Tillathried
29
The Baron's Proposal
33
Scars and Secrets
41
Intertwining
47
Shadows of the Past
56
The Gypsies
61
Azadar
68
Recollection
74
Reunion
80
The Halls of Judgment
88
Author's Note
95
Archived Knowledge
97

Foreward
As the writer of this little set of adventures, I am not very religious.  I am open minded to the various aspects of faith: absolute reverence, reverence, passive reverence, absent-minded disrespect, and of course disrespect to the highest and most aggressive degree.  (Note: I do not add the religious groups by name but rather by the potential behavior of the respective followers.)  However, I did grow up Catholic and was “confirmed” during my teenage years and it was during that time that death (among other morbid fancies of a teenager) piqued an interest in me.  Where I grew up and during that time, I had met with one type of crowd that was into and also got me into the paranormal.  This particular group had various other groups which would often desecrate the hallowed grounds of a burned down black church (a church where black people went to worship back in the day) in order to summon or communicate with the dead.  I was also led to believe, or rather duped to believe that the particular neighborhood that I grew up in had several murders on each plot of land (something now in hindsight I find hard to believe, but it did make childhood a bit less boring).
My time growing up was nothing short of depressing at first, then interesting, then depressing once more, then interesting.  With loved ones off to their better places during 2001, inspiration and the idea of death kept me somewhat occupied while relatives grieved.  As I looked at the first two corpses during that autumn, I was stunned with shock at first (well I was stunned through the entire wake and funeral of my father), but then I wondered what he was going through.  What is he still going through?  Is he up in his better place?  Is he just asleep?
Sleep, that must have been it!  My half attempt at closure!  One dreamed and might often times relive instances that held some kind of meaning.  Some kind of poignant memory.  And thus the idea that all circumstances led by any and all possible decisions that sentient creatures could make were woven into strands of memory and wrapped around the soul while it slept.
Family had also been a strong aspect of these little adventures, particularly broken families.  I grew up in a somewhat large family with four sisters, a mother and a father.  Before the first set of “cataclysms” in my household and even during and after them, I looked up to two older sisters.  The second oldest was left handed like myself and very eloquent with words and story telling.  After listening to the dozens of times when she felt like reading to my little sister and I, I found that I could somewhat emulate her prowess.  The middle child, like the second oldest, wrote the most captivating of stories.  The four of us (second oldest, middle, me and youngest) became close at first during the harshest of strife and the three of them I hope stay close to this day.
Psychologists may think that since I come from a broken family that this is a vain attempt to either relive the pain or reveal to an audience the pain that I went through.  And they would be right about the first half, the second half is just inevitable unfortunately.  I wouldn't call it vain though.  To me, it's my odd-ball attempt at closure, another word that resonates in this series.  Without closure, grudges are forever held, sorrow is constant, and peace is non-existent.
Prologue: Closure
1554 A.iC. Springtime

Deep beneath the gently rolling waves of the Ambrose Ocean was an extensive underground cavern system linking the Chapin Isles to the main continent of Adamar.  Several of the caverns were dry and the sandy roads were used by the inhabitants of Chapin to make impromptu pilgrimages to Lunar Lake.  However, on this trip, a lone rider made his quick journey, the walls echoed his steed's galloping strides.
As soon as the Severing Sickness, an ailment that befalls relations once blood ties are physically severed, gripped the rider, he knew he had to find Jaerethe Winthrope and his blood brother, Chieftain Ghaust.  His armor, tailored from the tough hides of Lunar Lake seals, melded into the darkness of the caverns.  His speckled feline-like face, though pale from the sickness, was stoic.  His hazel eyes, flickering orange as light from the caverns was caught in his retinas, stared on at the growing light at the end of the tunnel.  How he longed to open his wings and fly to the main continent, so anxious was he.  But he knew, with his growing weakness, that he would be unable to fly far.  His steed kicked up the sand from the road, stretching its legs as far as it could with each stride.  The rider had stayed true to the trail, stopping only at the last fork to discern the new carvings pointing the way out on the right instead of the left.  He remembered taking the closed off fork to find that the end had been caved in, yet strangely the cave in did not compromise the entirety of the cavern system.
He was greeted by the golden rays of the sunset, his tawny steed bolted out of the exit and past the gawking pilgrims camped offshore.  One of the pilgrims, a Feliskin male with brown striped fur, waved to hail the familiar rider.  The pilgrim's language held an islander accent but managed to catch the rider's attention.
“General Daesar,” the pilgrim shouted.
The rider turned in a wide circle, doubling back to the camp.  He eased his puffing and panting steed to a halt.  His voice was ragged and dry from days of his sickness symptoms, yet he refused to rest and heal.  He uttered in the Feliskin language.  “Tell me pilgrim, have humans passed your vigilance?”
The pilgrim rose to his feet and walked to the rider, shaking his head.  “None know of the Ambrose Pass, and none that are not Akrhyn Feliskin will.  You look ill General Daesar.  Won't you come inside and rest?”
General Daesar, the rider waved his hand feebly.  “I must get to Tillathried.  Have you seen His Eminence?”
“The High Priest has not been this way during my family's vigilance,” the pilgrim said sadly.  “If you will not rest, my liege, I have horses tied at the treeline.  Your trip will be faster with a fresh one.”
General Daesar sighed, relieved.  “I thank you, pilgrim.  May you find peace through your vigilance, brother.”
The pilgrim bowed,  “And may you find what you seek, General Daesar.”
The gray speckled rider resumed his journey, stopping at the treeline where two horses were tethered and grazing.  Picking the mare broad of muscle, he switched the reins and made his journey northeast.  Trees and shrubs blurred past the rider, and the thicket burst away from the mare's gait to reveal a large crescent shaped lake.  A wave of sickness assailed the rider once more.  His vision became blurred and tinged with red.  He needed to keep riding.  As the mare made her way to the shore, to a set of crimson striped tents, her rider fell from her bare back.  His wings crumpled and tore with the impact against the rocky shore.
The inhabitants of the tents, Akrhyn Feliskins, who had been setting up their bonfire, rushed to the spooked mare and the fallen rider.  Murmurs and whispers of the rider's name were uttered, concerned at their fallen brother.
“General Daesar!”  a young female Feliskin whispered, she knelt at the shore to pick up a one of the general's fallen feathers.  She ran to catch up with two of her older siblings.
“Diae,” her older brother slung the fallen rider's arm over his broad striped shoulder.  “Go back to camp and tell Mother to make a cot, quickly!”
The female's booted paws slid against the smooth rocks as she dashed back to camp.
The rider's free arm was draped over another older Feliskin's shoulder.
“What does this mean, Father?” asked the older brother, regarding the grim older Feliskin.  “Why would the king's adviser and the leader of Akrhyn forces leave?”
“I-I'm not sure, son,” the father grunted as he heaved the general's free side to his own shoulder.  “We will be able to ask him once he has rested.  Stay on guard and be ready to pack the tents up at once.  Tell your brothers and your cousins that are out on watch as well once we get him inside.”
Shouts echoed from the shore, the younger Feliskin nearly stopped in his tracks to see his two eldest cousins running toward the tent.
“What is it now?” grumbled the father, urging his son to keep up.  “Let us meet the scouts inside, Raedir.”
Raedir pulled back the flap of the first tent.  His three younger sisters scurried out to the distant supply tent.  The  mother had spread blankets and rabbit hides on the ground for a makeshift cot.
“Bring him around this side, Raedir,” the mother pointed to the cot.  Her brown and gray striped face crinkled with concern.  She drew blankets over the fallen Feliskin.
“Elder Faedin,” one of the scouts shouted from outside of the tent.  “Elder Faedin!”
The father, Elder Faedin, ignored the cries to make sure that his guest was settled in.  His patience waned like the sun's rays.  He then finally stormed out of the tent with his older son Raedir.  The peace of his nightly bonfire was shattered by the familiar rider and now-
Elder Faedin yanked away the tent flap to see a being cloaked in linen bindings.  His pale fur was spotted with flecks of gold.  Staying loyally behind were two guards of the same towering height.  These new visitors had not come on horseback, and for good reason.
“Ch-Chieftain Ghaust,” Elder Faedin fell to his knees, his family gawking around him outside of the tent followed suit.  This had been the night to receive visitors.
“I luk for von of my oan,” the Chieftain spoke with a thick accent gained from life in the desert plains.  “He sent note of hes departhure, and haz asked for my aid and de aid of Hes Em'nence.  He ez gray spautted.”
Elder Faedin looked up, craven.  “The Feliskin of whom you speak, is his name Daesar?”
“To de Akrhyn, yes,” the towering Feliskin with golden cheetah markings nodded before turning to his escort.  The language of the desert-dwelling Grengan Feliskins was authoritative and dark.  Though their discussion had been about who was to go back to their own camp, the curt shouts and yelling put the Akrhyn Feliskins on edge.  Then, without changing his tone, the leader spoke.  “Arise, fellow Feliskeens!  Please, take me to des Daasar.”
Elder Faedin jumped to his feet, startled at the leader's voice.  He scrambled with the tent flap, fumbling over his words.  “W-were we to know of what befell Daesar, my mate would be able to help mend him further-”
“Daasar,” Chieftain Ghaust, somewhat unfamiliar with the Akrhyn's dialect, resumed his discussion with the elder pilgrim in common, though his own accent clung to the words with a grip as strong as his rule.  “He hez vot ez caulled, 'seferenss seekness'.  Et ez en aalment det I vood naut vesh awn my oon enimee.  I did naut need hes missage to fiand aut.”  He stepped through the open flap, his heart breaking at the sight of the emaciated body of one he looked to as a brother.  “Daus, mis eidif, Daus.”
Daesar's eyes winced and opened.  Standing at his side, a brown and gray striped female Feliskin held a cloth to his fevered brow.  An older striped Feliskin regarded Daesar with concern, but what startled Daesar, was the towering white cheetah marked Feliskin who stood before him.  His fretful face struggled to stay neutral and regal.  For the first time in Daesar's long life, this individual, a Feliskin whom he grew up with in the same household, had finally cracked to show emotion, if only for a brief instant.  “M-mis aedis eidif, Ghaust.”
Chieftain Ghaust cleared the huskiness from his voice.  His question was direct, despite not knowing whether Daesar would remain conscious enough to answer.  “Who es she, Daus?”
“She es,” Daesar's common lapsed to his old Grengan accent.  “My granddaughter.”
Chieftain Ghaust was livid.  How could she do this?  Her own daughter?
“My lord,” Elder Faedin began sheepishly.  “We will do what we can to-”
“He needs claushoor,” Chieftain Ghaust tried to suppress his fury.  “Ent I vill thry vot I can.  Tank yew, vitout yoor camp, Daasar vood hev been vors auf.  Nau von hes yet died fraum a tird sefrenss seekness.  He vill pull troo.”
The father looked from his worried mate to the grim chieftain  “With all due respect my lord, but Severance is unpredictable, one father's symptoms could be deadly.”
“I edmire such, eh, tenacetee,” Chieftain Ghaust watched as Daesar's eyes shut, his fight for consciousness was lost.  “It es throo, patreeaurchs suffer deff'rentlee.  Ent et es throo that ve Grengen breed hev maur euf de vyolint semptems.”  He lifted away the tent flap to the twilight that fell upon the land.  A large bonfire crackled and roared at the center of the pilgrim camp.
Elder Faedin followed Chieftain Ghaust to the bonfire where his family had erected branches that held large chunks of sizzling seal meat.  The Chieftain’s escort stood at the lake shore, watching their leader from an arrow's shot distance.  Cubs hurried from tent to tent in a game of tag.  The older cubs took turns turning the makeshift spits and distributing food among their awaiting, hungry family members.
“De reesen de Grengen hev vyolint semptems es becoss, ver yew hev a larj femelee ent ecauntibilitee,” Chieftain Ghaust continued.  “De Grengen hev smaul femeleez.  Aur bonds are maor pautint.  Sometimes ve do naut know of edishens to aur femelee unteel et happens.”
“We of the Akrhyn breed are caught off guard from time to time as well,” Elder Faedin murmured, his growing family had always been one he enjoyed waking up to every day.  “We will help to regain Daesar's strength-”
“Yew may caul Daus by hes title,” Chieftain Ghaust began to walk to his companions.  “Ve are et peece vit Ekirins.  I vill find Hes Emin'nce ent bring hem here.”  With a grateful bow to Elder Faedin, he then turned to his companions.
Chieftain Ghaust removed his cloak, his gaunt body was covered in linen bonds.  His long tail unfurled, twitching with anticipation.  His companions followed, folding their cloaks at their thin waists.  Neither of the three Grengans wore boots, their claws poked from their bare, spotted paws.
Elder Faedin was struck by their spotted grace.  All three of the Grengans were of the cheetah breed, with Chieftain Ghaust being the one of the rarest of the cheetah coloring.  They began their journey from the camp, and once their paws touched the soft grasslands, they picked up the speed that would match the gait of any horse.
Chieftain Ghaust, fortified by his vengeance and fury, lead the way through the swamplands of Ambeigh.  His long, silent strides left whispering leaves and small breezes parting the curtains of hanging moss.  He caught glimpses of female Feliskins, oblivious to their presence as they slept peacefully.  Disgust for these females melded with Chieftain Ghaust's emotions.  How he longed to slit their throats, or leave them chained to the blood red rocks in the Grenga Desert to die a slow and painful death.
The trio climbed a swampy mound, their claws finding the solid grip in the worm-infested soil.  Once they scaled the top, they jumped several of the neighboring mounds.  Their paws sank into the soft soil with each leap, but their journey through Ambeigh was shorter by jumping the mounds.  The final jump, the three Grengan Feliskins landed crouched.  A seemingly impenetrable wood line halted the Feliskins' progress.  Chieftain Ghaust carefully slipped between the thick boughs of the pine trees.  Bark chipped and fell away.  Bushes thick with bramble and thorn vines made their journey tedious.  Their thin linen bindings proved to be useful armor against the sharp thorns.
The crescent moon showed high in the heavens when the three Feliskins stepped into a lush, fertile meadow.  The meadow seemed to be bare of tree and bush.  Blades of dark green grass carpeted the meadow.  In the distance, the trio could see the shimmering surface of the Eightfold River.  White marble stone remnants of a temple glowed in the moonlight.  With a quick command, the three Feliskins sprinted to the crumbling stone ruins.
As they neared the ruins, they halted before a flash of silvery fur.  Chieftain Ghaust recognized the familiar silver Feliskin.  The original sire, Jaerethe Winthrope, lay stretched out on the grass.  His wine-colored gaze had been turned to the glittering sky.
“Yoor Emin'nce,” Chieftain Ghaust returned his heavy cloak over his shoulders.
“Pale Stalker of Grenga,” Jaerethe sat up, revealing a pair of silvery wings tucked behind him.  “I would have thought Daus would see me first.”
“Daus es,” Chieftain Ghaust cleared his throat.  “He es heelengk.  Sefrenss seekness  hes gript hem.”
“As has it been for me,” Jaerethe motioned for the three travelers to sit.  “Do you seek to right his wrong for him?”
“Daus es aedis eidif.  I vill keel de von who ded dis to hem.”
Jaerethe studied the leader calmly.  His dark eyes narrowed slightly as he regarded the Feliskin that towered over him.  “And do you know of whom you speak?”
Chieftain Ghaust could no longer repress his growls.  He hissed the name, “Kaedra.”
Jaerethe's stern gaze held Chieftain Ghaust.  “Kaedra brought her into the world.  You cannot fault her entirely.  I know who severed her.  And his punishment will give your brother the closure he needs, but Daus must punish the one who severed her.  Through this, the line will mend successfully.”
“De Venthroaps hev dun enuf unpuneshed.  Dey ebenden deir cobs becoss deir feemale, dey tek yer title uf Clensire.  Dey elmost kednap Prencess Layra.  Dey shetter femelees!”
“You should not be concerned with what they do or do not do,” Jaerethe heaved a sigh, his visage became tired, almost showing his true age.  “But I cannot stop you.  All I ask is that the punishment of Haede Winthrope should be reserved for Daus only.”
Chieftain Ghaust's eyes widened, incredulous as he recognized the name.  “Haede Venthroap?!”
“The one and the same,” Jaerethe squeezed his eyes shut, his ears drooped slightly.  “I do not understand his motives.  But I awoke from the vision of Haede severing her.  Daus most likely did as well when the sickness hit him.”
“He vants to see yew.  He rests et de Luner cemp,” Chieftain Ghaust lifted himself to his feet.  “I must mek claushoor for myself.”
Jaerethe's standing height stopped beneath the chieftain’s chest.  Nevertheless Jaerethe's dark gaze humbled the grim leader.  “If you must do by your will, Ghaust, give them peaceful deaths.  Do not descend to the abominable level of torture.  Let their deaths be swift.”
Chieftain Ghaust nodded.  “Ent I vill hev my clariks cleanse de graunds.  Thuar, Duar, klekti eisauf.”
“Uyis,” Chieftain Ghaust's left companion saluted in assent.
“Uyis,” said the remaining companion.
“Ghaust,” Jaerethe called once more.  “Erleif dendai audenir.”
Chieftain Ghaust's speckled face broke into a weary smile at Jaerethe's quick blessing in the Grengan tongue.  For though he did not bless the eminent butchery of tens, maybe hundreds of Feliskins, Jaerethe's prayer was for peace to still the hearts of all Feliskins.
Jaerethe glanced at the crumbling ruins for a brief moment of longing.  The three travelers had disappeared within a cloud of dust created by their sudden and quick leave.  Their cloaks discarded and folded once more at their backs with lightning movements.  Jaerethe knew of the camps that the Akrhyn Feliskins erected for their pilgrimages and protection of the secret cavern system.  The camp by the Lunar Lake was the larger of the two, typically housing two or three families.  He knew he had more than enough time to venture to the Lunar Camp and return well before his absence would be noticed.
Opening his wings to the full wingspan of twelve feet, a westward wind gave him the lift he needed to push off.  He glided with ease, the winds ruffling his silvery fur and linen vestments.  His feline face broke in a rueful grin as he finally caught up with the trio.  But their journey would take them further south back to the Grenga Desert.
Jaerethe soared above the trees and the swamplands of Ambeigh.  His thoughts wandered back at when he last encountered the gray speckled general.  Daesar had been born to the Grengan tribe as Daus of the Two Sickles, and had been raised in the chieftain's hut alongside the chieftain's son Ghaust the Pale Stalker.  At the age of eighteen, Daus was made an official blood brother of the chieftain's son, though why he was brought into the chieftain's hut to begin with, Jaerethe never knew.  Both blood brothers were inseparable, the lanky white cheetah with titanic brute strength, and the smaller jaguar with dagger-like claws at the ready.
Both brothers had become fathers at around the same age, but such fortune would be their undoing.  Somehow Clansyre Taer breached the defenses of the Grengan tribe, and kidnapped both cubs.  Their world had been shattered with the cubs' disappearance.  Daus did everything he could to find the cubs while his kingly brother descended into a vengeful fury, only slaked through bloodshed.
After Clansyre Taer abducted the cubs, whispered rumors were carried to the now insane chieftain.  His cub had seemed to change abductors.  She was used as human entertainment in the kingdom of Zherim.  She then somehow fell into the paws of vengeful Khanin that brought her to Amer.  But what set the leader of the Grengans into an incredulous rage was the news that King Dagaeros, leader of the Akrhyn Feliskins, kept her in his island kingdom.
Daus went wherever the news would carry him.  Though he was suspicious that a rival clan of Feliskins was behind the kidnapping, his words were not trusted.  Chieftain Ghaust's paranoia and anger had begun to sever the blood bond between the two brothers.  It would seem nothing would return the chieftain back to normal except his cub's homecoming.
The cubs had aged, and with their severance at a young age, their fathers would not know if they survived at all.  The chieftain's cub had white fur like her father, but her golden spots were larger.  His mate named her Daeyur.  Daus's cub, a gray speckled daughter, would lose her birth name to the annals of time and be renamed Kaedra.
Lunar Lake shimmered beneath Jaerethe.  He ignored the nostalgia that made him avoid the lake unless he was summoned for an emergency.  The lake had always been the meeting grounds and sanctuary of his race, the Feliskins.  He folded his silvery wings, lowering himself and landing on shore to the sounds of awed murmurs melding with the gently rolling waves.
His wings arched at his back, Jaerethe gazed at the younger Feliskin pilgrims panting, their eyes widened with wonder.  The taller of the Feliskin males drew Jaerethe's attention.
“Which family has chosen pilgrimage?” Jaerethe asked the male.
“Tydre, You Eminence,” the male bowed.  “My father Faedin is at the campfire.”
Jaerethe followed the group to the main camp.  In his long absence, Jaerethe had forgotten his islander cousins made such large families.  Cubs of varying ages followed the silver cougar Feliskin at his heels, though their discipline kept them at a safe distance.  All of them had dark brown tiger stripes over their tawny fur.  Their simple seal leather attire made Jaerethe guess that this family was of the lower nobility class.  Tents of the same seal leather were erected in a half moon area overlooking the lake.  To the northeastward tip, a grim sinewy female Feliskin kept her guard over the pilgrims' horses, though she looked with longing to the new guest.
Standing before the giant bonfire was the grizzled countenance of  Elder Faedin Tydre, the patriarch.  He lowered himself to his knees, revering the presence of Jaerethe Winthrope.  His simple, respectful title to the newcomer: “Sire.”
Jaerethe held the urge to flatten his ears slightly.  He felt the respect from his fellow Feliskins was not deserved by one such as he.  But the Akrhyns would only give him prestige for being the very first of the race.  “Elder Faedin, it seems you have chosen the right time for your pilgrimage.  To have been met by the Akrhyn General, and the leader of the Grengans.”
“And yourself as well, Your Eminence,” one of the cubs spoke up, and was silenced by her father's reproving glare.
Jaerethe's airy chuckle broke the tension among the pilgrims.  “My apologies for burdening you with yet another guest, patriarch.”
“You are always welcome here, Sire,” Elder Faedin straightened to his height.  He looked to his family who stood around the fire.  “Off to bed, my cubs.  Raedir, go fetch your cousins' relief for watch.”
With his simple instruction, the cubs scurried to the tents, the taller male Feliskin motioned to four others in the group to follow him out of camp.  Elder Faedin smiled back at Jaerethe.  “They were waiting to see you, Sire.  General Daesar is in my tent.  My mate has been trying to keep his head cool.”
“Have you found his line, patriarch?” Jaerethe followed Faedin to the larger of the tents near the bonfire.
Faedin lifted away the tent flap.  “The line is at the right side of his throat, Sire.”
“He must have seen her,” murmured Jaerethe.  He stepped through the threshold to behold Faedin's mate helping General Daesar sit up as he coughed violently into a piece of blood blotched cloth.  The scene had pained Jaerethe, though he knew from experience of Severance.  However, his Celestial blood would give him such symptoms that were far more painful and lethal.  
General Daesar lapsed into another fit of coughing, his mouth and nose oozed blood.  He was relieved to see Jaerethe, but felt chastened that he could not meet him more honorably.
Jaerethe's ears folded, wincing from the fallen Feliskin's sickness.  He felt burdened, hesitant of speaking.  “General Daesar, do you know of Severance?”
General Daesar wheezed, gulping air.  “I-I have been t-told of it.”
“Do you know I cannot take your symptoms from you?  I can,” Jaerethe squeezed his eyes shut, his silvery face crinkled as he whispered.  “Leave me, please.”
Faedin and his mate scurried from the tent, and when he could hear their footsteps fade into the night, General Daesar could see Jaerethe's wine-colored eyes looked sorrowful.  He trudged to General Daesar's side and dropped to one knee.
A cold fear gripped the general.  He coughed another globule of blood into the cloth.  Did he know more about her?  Was she still alive?
“Forgive me, Daesar,” Jaerethe heaved a bitter sigh.  “But I do have a link that I can give to you.  The Blood Sire Line.”
A wave of relief washed over General Daesar.  “Sh-she's a-alive?”  He coughed once more.
Jaerethe's face furrowed, confused.  “She is.  But you-”
“You worry that I would hate you for what happened?  Taer be damned for doing such a thing as to temper with the Celestial line, but as long as she is alive.  I could care less who sired her.  Kaedra refuses that I am her father, but there is hope for her cub.  I want her alive.  I want her safe, and I want her home.”
“And if she refuses like her mother?”
“She is young, there is hope for her,” General Daesar's voice weakened. “Please, Sire.  Help me to find peace.  If I cannot have her, raise her like the daughter that was taken from me, let me find peace.”
Jaerethe was struck by the blind love and adoration that General Daesar had for this unknown female cub.  Truly, this was the love that only a father could have.  Jaerethe cupped the right side of Daesar's neck, he steeled himself.  “Begin with your past lines.  Let them float above your fur.”
Daesar felt entranced by the cougar's voice.  His hazel eyes darkened to an emerald green.
Jaerethe continued.  “Your past, do not dwell upon it.  Let it disperse...Find Kaedra's line.”
Thin tendrils of blood red colored ribbons streaked Daesar's skin, hiding his gray spots.  He closed his eyes,  concentrating as the small ribbons pulsated.  The ribbons at his throat were thicker than those that lined his limbs.  These were the links to those he loved and protected.
Jaerethe's eyes began to glow a soft white light.  Millions of white and red colored tendrils formed over his own skin and soon floated around him.  Nothing in the tent was touched by the ethereal ribbons.   Jaerethe suddenly felt a weightlessness to him. Several of his white ribbons had begun to ensnare him.  He had to act quickly.  “Open your eyes, Daus.”
Daesar obeyed, his eyes returning to their normal hazel color.  “I see her, Sire!”
The ribbons churned and swirled around them.  Jaerethe spoke once more, his voice filled with urgency.  “Take her! Take her now!”
An almost thread-thin tendril fell away at Jaerethe's shoulder.  Jaerethe drew away his paw, reeling from the phantom visions.  He felt the sudden pain of landing on his left shoulder before his vision blackened.
“Sire!” the familiar voice of Faedin rang in Jaerethe's ears.  “Sire!”
Jaerethe's eyes fluttered open to see the older Feliskin cradling him in his arms.  He felt the dull pain from falling, and wondered how far he had been lifted.  To his relief, he saw General Daesar drenched with sweat.
“His Severance is going away!” the female said joyfully.
Faedin helped Jaerethe to his feet,  “A true miracle, Sire.”
“One only through the Lady of the Moon,” Jaerethe murmured feebly, chuckling in spite of himself.  “She is the one to thank.”
“We saw the top billowing,” explained Faedin.  “Your wings were folded and yet you were in the air for a mere moment before you fell to the ground.  General Daesar is asleep at last.”
Jaerethe's face broke into a weary smile.  “He should heal more quickly that way.”
“Were you able to give him peace?”
Jaerethe shook his head.  With one last glance at the sleeping Feliskin, he murmured.  “I merely gave him more reason to hope.”
The Baron's Boarding School
1562 A.iC.  Autumn

The trading district of A*K*Y was nearly filled to the brim with traders from across the Ambrose Ocean and from parts all around the main continent of Adamar.  Adamar's mapmakers never knew why the inhabitants of A*K*Y named their city with three letters, but so long as their trade was well received, not even the kingdoms of Tela and Zherim were deigned to ask.  The A*K*Y was a kingdom of its own accord, with few laws.  Some would say that the Gypsies of the Elements ruled the city to ensure a place for their spectacular festivals.  Others would argue that the city's inhabitants took care of the city's economy and social standings ever since the Leger of Neutrality was signed and posted over three decades ago.  Of the people who wanted to rule A*K*Y singularly, none but the prior baron of Zerranata, Baron Paul Bausio, thought would be the best candidate to take care of A*K*Y's affairs.  But after being refused by most if not all of the citizens, the Baron silently recoiled into the darkness of his accumulated wealth to build the Baron's Boarding School for Girls.  The Baron had taken a liking to young girls who were orphaned and wandering the streets for food and a place to rest their heads, though conveniently he never took in any of the boys that were prone to vandalizing the old wharfs and warehouses.  His goal for the girls he took in was to turn them into beautiful, bright, well-mannered women of tomorrow.
At the edge of the trading district, perched above the sea cliffs, the Baron's Boarding School stood as the largest mansion in all of A*K*Y.   The Baron spared no expense for the lavish building crafted from the strongest timber.  Sixty bedrooms, eight lavatories, twenty classrooms and various common areas such as the dining areas, kitchens and libraries were arranged in the building's one half square mile floorspace.  
The Baron hired a small staff, ten spinsters to teach them etiquette, cooking, sewing, housekeeping, reading, writing and history; and five young men to stay long enough to repair the building's flaws from time to time.  Only one of the spinsters, the oldest one named Jaana Hestein, or Lady Jaana was rarely seen by the young tenants, but those who saw her twisted withered form would cower from it and her piercing gaze.  She held a deep resentment and jealousy of the girls that stayed under her roof, but of the girls she loathed, two of them were the ones who saw her the most.
The two girls had been among the first wave of students to attend the school.  As the red haired one began to grow up from being a foundling toddler, the majority of the students were in their last years of learning.  And as the dark haired one entered at the age of six, the older girls of the first wave began to disappear one by one behind the closed doors of the Baron's study.   Both the redhead and the dark haired one shared the same age and were put together in the same room in the southern wing.   The Baron loved all of his girls that came to him in their time of need, but the redheaded girl and the dark haired one were among his favorites that he called “his little darlings”.
Where one of the girls would fail at one subject be it history, cooking or housekeeping, the other would succeed and in turn help out her failing friend.  Both were inseparable in their studies, during meals, and even in their morning and afternoon breaks.  Often they were left alone to their own musings, but sometimes they were victim to bullying by a specific group of more mature-looking girls.
Lea looked up from her unusually diminutive visage to see a pair of blue eyes flecked with green.  The thin black strip of an iris widened in the coming darkness that turned the creature's coat of dull gray to black.
“Come on, sleepy head,” a childlike voice chuckled.  “You'll sleep through all the snow.”
“Snow?” murmured Lea.  Her eyes adjusted to the darkness and she discerned that her creature friend was a wild cat cub.  In her waking world, she would have run away from the beast, certain that his mother would be lurking in the shadows.  But this cub seemed...all alone.  He also seemed so closely familiar to her that she tried to remember.  She hesitated, leaving the cub to excitedly run off to an opening where snow had already been piled into little banks from earlier.
Moonlight cast its pale glow upon the snow banks and upon the cub's peculiar stripes.  Three stripes against the back of his neck were among the first to catch Lea's eye.  Noticing that he was having all of the fun alone, he looked back and called her name...
“Lea?” the familiar, quiet voice of her friend and bed sister called her name.  “Lea?”
Lea sat up with a jolt, loose paper fell away from her face to reveal the faint red line crossing above her right eye and left cheek.  “Hnh?”
“History's over now,” her friend explained gently.  “We're the last ones for break time.”
“Mmkay,” Lea said as she gathered her papers and books.  Rubbing the sleep from her eyes, she looked to her friend.  “You let me sleep this time?”
“Well you don't snore so the teacher didn't notice,” her friend smiled.  “Maybe some fresh air will wake you up?”
Lea stood from her chair, relieved that she was at her normal height.  Descending the steps to the lower level of the classroom, she followed her friend to a set of wooden shelves with labeled compartments.  She shoved her books into her compartment and proceeded out of the classroom.  “So what did I miss out on today, Lilith?”
Lilith waved dismissively.  “Nothing important.  It was actually more of a story-telling session until the new lessons come out next week.”
Lea's thin red eyebrows raised and she nearly halted to gawk at her friend in mild shock.  “So we were just wasting time?”
Lilith nodded her head as she continued walking.  Her long hair swished freely with each confident, bouncing stride.
“You seem to be in a good mood,” Lea chuckled and caught up with her friend in two longer steps.  “Does that mean I slept through something else?”
Lilith twirled happily, leaving her friend to guess for a moment of relief and triumph.  “We might be doing projects for the rest of the week.  And I think I might try the sewing-”
Lea groaned, exasperated and berating herself for not paying attention.  “D'aw Lily, tell me you didn't?”
“Didn't what?  We don't really know if they are going to do projects and even still they won't be posted until afternoon break in the library.”
“Oh, right,” Lea flashed a chagrined smile.  She descended the set of stairs on the left end of the hallway, their boots clunked on the hard wooden surface with each step.  The emptied hallways and quiet corridors made her wonder how long she was asleep.  She was grateful for a loyal and friendly bed sister like Lilith and not a day passed that she would remember their first meeting and chuckle.  Bringing her right arm around Lilith's bony shoulder, Lea rested her head atop her friend's head lovingly and still relishing her height over her diminutive friend.  She followed her friend in step through the maze of corridors.
Lea had already spent six years in the boarding school when she first met Lilith.  Until that time she was living in a communal living and sleeping area known as the Shade Quarters.  She passed her time making few friends and facing off against her enemies since tall girls were rarely and socially accepted.  But the quality that made her stand out the most was the thin crimson line that, for reasons that could not be explained, marked her face.  Her few friends would try their best to ignore Lea's facial flaw, though they seemed to be more distant with her as time passed and her enemies became emboldened enough to physically make their points.
Fights ensued in the Shade Quarters to a point where not only Lea's safety was in question but the safety of Lea's attackers.  And when the threat of being “put out” did not deter the behavior, the Baron decided to move Lea to the south wing with an odd spirited older girl named Emera Jhones and a demur newcomer called Lilithlien Attenduin.
For the first month, Lilith did not speak to either girl.  She would follow her new sisters to their classes and try to sit behind them.  Lilith even put a distance of one seat from the pair during meal time and would stay in the library during their breaks.  Lea's concern about her new sister grew when, during her third night in their small bedroom, she heard Lilith's broken, choking sobs.
The sound of low murmurs halted Lea in her steps.  She instinctively pulled Lilith back when she heard the familiar booming voice of the Baron in the threshold on their right.  In her musings, she forgot that this path would take them past the Baron's study.  Both girls loathed to pass the Baron's study, however, all passages and corridors, no matter how many twists and turns, would always lead to a way past his study.  And what was more uneasy about the foreboding study were the odd visitors that frequented it.
“You seem to be mistaken, Ergin-Kai,” the Baron's attempt at secrecy had left with his patience for the man in his study.  “I would know the difference between a human girl and a Feliskin.  Just because she has the last name Winthrope does not make her a Feliskin.”
The Baron's visitor had a grating, low pitch that, had the girls been several feet further away, they would be unable to discern.  “Winthrope is an uncommon name for a human and any family stupid enough to take that surname does not live too long around these parts.”
I've passed this damn room thousands of times, thought Lea as she recognized the visitor's voice and name from a prior meeting.  Why does he have to be here again?
“I give you one last opportunity to relinquish her,” Ergin-Kai slammed his fist against the polished wooden desk.  “By doing so, you will save your girls from danger.  I even triple my offer-”
“Hollow proclamations based on a name!”  shouted the Baron.  “You have no documents, and you cannot get an account of the person who dropped her off.”
“Let's go,” Lea whispered to Lilith.  “While they're still yelling at each other.”
Both girls slipped by quietly, relieved to find that the door was closed.  Lilith pushed open the courtyard door.
The crisp, autumn morning air was refreshing and jolted Lea awake further.  Dozens of girls occupied the span of swings along the southern wall while eight more girls tended to their gardening projects on the north wall.
Lilith walked along a gravel path that skirted the courtyard.  The crunch of the gravel beneath her boots was almost cathartic to the girl, though she preferred the quiet of the library.  She ran her fingers against the smooth wooden wall.  “I wonder why Winthrope is such a dangerous name?”
Lea shrugged.  “I don't know.  It's not like we call each other by last name anyways.”  Lea climbed onto the wooden garden divider and began to walk along in perfect balance with Lilith.  “Did you hear about any cooking projects while I was out?”
“Yes, but only a few of them aren't apprenticeships.  Most of them seem like large orders as well.  It's all she talked about at the end were the cooking projects and the flowering projects too.”
“Flowering? At this time of the year?”
“It sounded more like harvesting than putting flowers together.”
Lea folded her arms,  “Harvesting...or cooking?”
“We'll find out this afternoon,” smiled Lilith.  
“Inside girls!” came a shout from the courtyard door to signal the end of break.  After two more calls, the girls began to part from their recreational activities and began to funnel into the double doorway.
Lea heaved a sigh, “But we just got outside...”
“We were out longer today than yesterday,” giggled Lilith.  “I should try to wake you up better tomorrow.”

Tillathried
West of A*K*Y, and blocked by a large mountain ring known as The Tools, the valley of Tillathried was a tranquil place of refuge.  However this lush flatland was also the home of two humanoid creatures known as Feliskins, humans with catlike appearances and qualities.  Among one of their many qualities is the power to revert to their beastly form of a wild cat.  Their family, the Winthrope Clan was one of the most renowned and dangerous of the Feliskins.  Their rule over the central Ecylich Woodlands and swamp hills of Ambeigh was discouraging for all travelers who needed to navigate Adamar.  The oldest of the two Feliskins was named Jaerethe Winthrope and the second was known as Jaecar Winthrope.  Both almost resembled each other in different stages of life, however Jaecar's bulkier frame showed twelve stripes and he was far more impulsive than the older Feliskin.
The morning sun glistened on Jaecar's white stripe across his breast.  The flecks of green in his eyes glittered, a plan began to bubble in his mind.  His precarious height upon a fallen log was reminded with the churning waters of the Eightfold River below.  He dug his claws into the flaking wood, his long gray tail twitched as he regarded Jaerethe's smug, victorious stance.
Jaerethe had sparred the young Jaecar to the log's decaying edge.  He smirked, knowing how much Jaecar hated water and the position he was in.  Jaerethe's silvery wings arched slightly, ready to catch a draft should he be knocked over.  However, seeing that only brute strength might prove a chance of besting him, Jaerethe believed that Jaecar would think too much into strategic strikes.
Both of their linen vestments were already soaked from falling into the water before.  The white robes clung to Jaerethe's silvery, sinewy form.  Their fur was slowing drying in the morning sun.
Jaecar noted Jaerethe's preparation.  He sees something...  He stepped forward, the log cracked and splintered once more.  In several moments, Jaecar was going to fall back into those freezing waters if he did not act quickly.  Sliding forward, he rose to swipe Jaerethe downward.
Jaerethe's smirk still persisted as he stepped away from Jaecar.  He could hear the log chip away from where Jaecar once stood.  The log began it's lop-sided descent into the water.  However, his triumph was short lived when he felt the shattering pain in his tail.  Jaecar grabbed a hold once more and pulled the startled Jaerethe with him.
The bracing waters greeted both Feliskins.  Jaerethe relished the refreshment, while Jaecar instinctively resurfaced with a hiss and a growl.
Jaerethe laughed, invigorated.  “An impressive move.”
Jaecar clawed the rocky shore, dragging himself out of the water.  His ears were pulled back in derision.  His vestments, drenched once more, were heavy and cold.  “I'd say so too since you were ready for something.”
As his hands sank into the muddy shore, Jaecar looked up to see that Jaerethe reverted to his feral form and was now proceeding to drag the stunned Jaecar to the grass.  Jaecar, though still tired from the early morning sparring session, rolled out of Jaerethe's hold and onto all four paws of his feral form.
The river's water darkened Jaecar's dull gray fur and the stripes on the back of his throat seemed to glow in the sunlight.  Jaecar jumped away from Jaerethe's second attack, sending the older Feliskin sliding against the rocky shore.  Jaecar raced further onto the grasslands, ensuring that their second sparring session would be as far away from the water as possible.  Jaecar glanced up, wondering if Jaerethe took to the skies.  He pumped his legs as fast as they could carrying him, the shadow of his teacher flitted overhead.  He followed the shadow's path to where Jaerethe landed several paces ahead of him.
With wings still arched, Jaerethe whirled to face his attacker.  His teeth brandished and his violet eyes darkening to black orbs, Jaerethe charged.  Jaecar veered to the right and crashed into Jaerethe, rolling over him and pinning him to the ground.  Jaerethe lifted himself forward with his wings, and wriggled free from Jaecar.  Jaecar twisted his body and regained his footing.  Jaerethe swiped in a wide arch to make certain that his pupil would not be hurt.  Jaecar dove away and reached forward in what would have been a clawed strike if this was a true battle.  Finishing his swipe quickly, Jaerethe brought his left wing forward to block Jaecar's strike.
Jaecar drove his strike forward, his hind paws dug into the dead grass.
“What is it that holds you back?” Jaerethe asked calmly, taking the young Feliskin aback.
Jaecar relented, disturbed at his teacher's dark gaze.  Not this time, Jaecar flashed his dagger-like teeth and growled, pushing forward with vigor.
“You hold something back,” Jaerethe held firm.  “Let it go, now!”
Jaecar panted from the exertion,  “Damn it what do I-”  His eyes widened, the blue in his eyes began to darken.  His stunned stare brought a smile to his teacher's face.  Jaecar could feel the muscles begin to bunch and bulge painfully.  He gawked at the stripes on his wrists widening and covering his forearms in white.  His blood felt like liquid fire being pumped from his heart.
Jaerethe pushed Jaecar away before he could be crushed by Jaecar's final form.  His weary smile stopped when he saw Jaecar's upper torso grow into the larger, bulkier form of a dire cat while the lower half remained feral.  He knew he had to get Jaecar to one form before the strain would either kill him or make him unable to walk.  Jumping on top of the writhing half dire cat, Jaerethe grabbed a hold of Jaecar by the scruff of his meaty neck.
Jaecar yowled and roared.  His entire upper body was white.  The pain had worn away to an indescribable, addicting sensation.  He arched his great back, his now fully formed lower torso lifted his dire form to his feet with ease.  He could feel a small annoying tug at the back of his neck and began to whirl on the nuisance.
Jaerethe held fast on Jaecar's scruff, digging into the skin and drawing blood.  His eyes lightened to a soft glow as Jaecar began to roll onto his back.  And just before Jaecar's titanic size could crush him into the ground, Jaecar's dire form quickly reverted into his humanoid form and lost consciousness.
Jaecar toppled onto Jaerethe, his breathing slow and ragged.  Cradling Jaecar's limp body between his wings, Jaerethe walked to the crumbling white stone ruins that lay ahead.  He did it, Jaerethe thought in exultation.  His heart is still holding her memory but he did it.  He awoke the dire beast.
The Baron's Proposal
Lady Jaana was in her small study on that late autumn afternoon.  She would look out her window to check on the girls during their outdoor break.  The Baron had been very good to the girls by having the hired young men build a long line of swings stretching the entire forty feet of the southern wall.  In the center of the northern wall, a small garden was tended by some of the girls who loved flowers.  With the instruction of Dalida Gorgen or Lady Dalida, the girls were able to learn how to grow fruits, vegetables and beautiful flowers.
The fat fool, Lady Jaana scoffed as she saw Lady Dalida's rotund form from so far away.  When will she learn that those stupid flowers will be crushed so early in life?
Lady Jaana crossed her small study to her tiny wooden desk.  She eased herself into her seat and pushed away at transcripts and homework of the girls.  Picking up the quill from the inkwell, she began to grade the girls' progress in their studies.  For years, Lady Jaana had seen the girls in almost every stage of their young lives: from infancy to teenaged years.  She knew that she could look back from the window to see so many girls, all of them so young...So stupid.
A loud crash in the hallway, followed by chuckling of girls startled Lady Jaana from her thoughts.  She put her quill back into the inkwell and quickly stood up.  She could hear booted feet racing past her closed door and as she opened the door, she was nearly knocked to the ground.  Her bony hands clutched to the threshold, bracing herself from the impact as she glared at the two girls who were the bane of her school.
A smaller girl with long black hair huffed, trying to explain.  “Lady Jaana-”
“Save your breath for a better excuse, Miss Lilith,” Lady Jaana said icily.  Her dark gaze then turned to the taller girl with red hair.  “And as for you Miss Lea...”
“B-but we were trying to hurry to break before it was too late, Lady Jaana,” Lilith explained.  “Heather and her group locked Miss Lea in a closet again.”
“It's true Lady Jaana, Heather locked me in a closet with a bunch of tools and stuff,” the taller girl with red hair spoke up.
Both girls were in unkempt uniforms as black as the spinsters, showing only the skin on their faces and hands.  Lea's red hair was cropped beneath her chin and her pale face was only marred by a red streak from an old scar.  The smaller girl. Lilith had shoulder length dark hair that was tied back.  She held a young face despite being sixteen.
“Your story may have some credit to it Miss Lilith, but I will check and see for myself,” Lady Jaana grumbled.  “Now leave for your break, out of my sight!”
The girls flinched from her shouts and walked as fast as they could down the hallway and toward a set of stairs on their right side.  Lady Jaana sighed, exasperated at their foolishness as she walked the opposite way.  She exited the corridor and came into the main hallway on her left side.  She was startled and paled at the sight of the Baron in the center of the hallway.  His brow was knitted with anger and concern.  One hand rested in one of the pockets of his red satin vets and the other hand was running through his silvering hair.  The contents of a tool closet had been strewn on the floor and the thin door hung ajar.
“I could hear the noise from the study, Lady Jaana,” the Baron said with disgust.  “I'd learn to control that Heather girl and her group away from my little darlings...”
“Yes, sir,” Lady Jaana lowered her head in apology.  “I had no idea that the girls were so hated by their peers.”
“See that this does not happen again,” the Baron instructed.  “And as a token of my sincerest regrets, I'll have you bring both Lilith and Lea to my study for a private dinner tomorrow evening after they've had their break.”
“With all due respect, Baron but-”
“There will be no need for questions, Lady Jaana.”
“Yes sir,” Lady Jaana replied before kneeling to grab the fallen brooms and bucket of nails and hammers.  She could hear the solid stride of his thick leather boots as they walked back to the room at the end of the main hall.  The large oaken doors had been wide open to reveal the coal black maw of the grand fireplace and a large empty table.
As Lady Jaana straightened to her height to put away the tools, the large oaken doors slammed shut.  I see you are at it once again Paul.  After all of these years you have come to claim them.  You have told me much about your habits, your ambitions against Overlord Saffornichous who took your rule over the townsfolk of Zerranata.  You have even confided in telling me your dark past.  Yet you refuse to tell me why.  She shut the closet door after finally gathering the rest of the tools, then set out to find the bane of her school.
Lea and Lilith opened the door to the amusement area where their class, nearly twenty girls of all ages, enjoyed their break.  Many of them were on the swings, and a group of three were with Lady Dalida to check on their progress of their flowers.
“Are you alright Lea?” Lilith asked, concerned.
“It's only a broom closet,” Lea smiled, the thin red streak of her scar breaking at the corner of her mouth.  “Thanks for helping me out back there.”
“I suppose we should have thanked the Baron as well,” Lilith averted her gaze to the gravel path along the wall.  “But he makes me uncomfortable.”
“Don't remind me,” Lea brought her arm around Lilith's tiny shoulders.  “But we're out of there, and ole Boogey Baron doesn't like the sunlight.”
Lilith laughed nervously, despite her friend's comforting presence.
Lea leaned her head against her friend's shoulder, and looked up at the clear skies.  “Guess it's that time of year, eh Lily?”
Lilith began to walk away, trying to brush off the unnerving feeling, as though she could feel the eyes of the Baron on her.  “What time would that be?  The sky looks the same as it usually does.”
“Actually there aren't as many clouds,” Lea still leaned on her friend, following her down the gravel path.  “And it's getting cooler upstairs.  Do you think that the Autumn Festival is going to be here this year?”
Both girls stopped to see a girl smaller than Lilith run up to them.  Her light brown hair was a mane of curls that bounced with her movements.  The little girl stopped before Lea and Lilith, her hazel green eyes brightened, relieved.  “Lea! Lily!”  She threw her tiny arms around the two girls.
Lea patted the little girl's curly head.  “Laurie, I'm sorry we couldn't make it out here earlier with you.”
“Heather was bragging about hurting you two again,” Laurie's face twisted in a frown.  “Why does she have to be so mean?”
“Some girls are like that, Laurie,” Lilith said softly, she glanced at a group of girls chuckling and pointing at their group.  “And it's a choice to be mean or be kind.  I guess Heather made that choice a long time ago.”
Laurie released her embrace, staring up at the two girls like a lost puppy.  “I wanna be like you guys.  You two are really nice to people when you aren't by yourselves...Wanna go check the garden?”
“No, but don't let us stop you,” Lilith gestured to the garden.  “I just wanted to take a walk during break.  Since the swings are taken...Naturally Lea wanted to follow me though.”
“We were just talking about the Autumn Festival,” Lea leaned once more on Lilith's shoulder.  “Would you care to join us?”
Laurie nodded eagerly, her curls bouncing.  The three girls walked further toward the southern wall as Lea explained.  “Three years ago, around this time of the year, a band of people gathered to this town to throw a festival in thanks to all of the elements.  It was called the Autumn Festival and it was an exciting time.  It was actually one of the few times we were all allowed to leave the school.  The ones who gave thanks to the air element would show feats of grace and agility with dancing.  The people who were thankful for the water element would show fluid movements of combat without touching each other.”
“Oooh,” Laurie's eyes widened with wonder.
“The earth element was my favorite,” Lilith chimed in.  She knelt at the southern wall, her back resting against the giant timbers.  “They would work with animals so well it was a wonder if the animals were really tamed or not.  Though the gypsies would always say that they communicated with the beasts through trust and friendship.”
“Why don't they have it anymore?” Laurie stopped, recognizing her friends' favored spot where they went to muse.
“I'm not sure,” Lea answered, taking her seat as Lilith had knelt.  She plucked a blade of grass and began to fold it in half. “But we might all be able to go again sometime.  Maybe if we all have good marks in our studies?”
Laurie plopped down before the two seated girls.  “I think I might have a good mark on that essay you helped me with Lilith, thank you.”
“Well the only way you did good is if Lady Jaana doesn't come to you,” Lilith chuckled, her mirth cut short as she stood to her feet quickly.  The willowy form of Lady Jaana came closer and closer to them.
Lea jumped up and helped Laurie to her feet.  She dusted off her black woolen dress and swallowed nervously.
“It seems there is another matter to discuss with you two,”  Lady Jaana's dark eyes narrowed.
“Come along,” her bony hands clamped around the girls' shoulders as she herded them inside the building.
Lea and Lilith could always tell the difference between the teachers' offices.  Lady Jaana, who was mainly responsible for grading their class work and working on the itineraries for the month, had the office to tailor to the well-organized scholar.  Her office was not as accommodating for more than one person for there was barely any room to walk in amongst the books and papers.  However, Lady Dalida had more of a resting room than an office.  And unlike Lady Jaana who had her office close to the Baron's study, Lady Dalida's office was on the second floor on the other side of the building.  Lilith and Lea loved to visit Lady Dalida's office not only because it was accommodating with its large couch and small sewing station, but because her office was only four doors down from their shared bedroom.
The door to Lady Dalida's office was, as always wide open, and she ushered the girls through the threshold. Lady Jaana nervously shut and locked the door behind them.  When the second bolt fell into its secure locked position, Lady Jaana heaved a sigh.
“Have a seat, girls,” Lady Jaana said finally after she turned around to face them.
The girl seated themselves on the couch, but they regarded Lady Jaana cautiously as she began to pace slowly by the window.  She gazed down at the other girls who were still playing outside finish she brought her gaze back to them.
“I know it seems rather awkward of me to drag you away from your play time though I assure you that I will repay you for your time,” Lady Jaana began.
Lilith swallowed quietly and Lea stifled her gasp as they both thought, Lady Jaana, repaying as time?
“Your stunned stares are insinuating something close to correct,” Lady Jaana bit back a harsh tone.  “Though this is not the time for jokes and games.  The Baron was apparently your starring witness as to what happened earlier today.  He wishes to treat you to a dinner in his study to make amends.”  She tried to voice for concern, but words failed her at first.
“With all due respect,” Lea was the first to muster the courage to speak up.  “We would appreciate the offer...  But I feel that would be too gracious for something as little as-”
“It is because of that,” Lady Jaana interjected, her gaze seemed to whither the girls.  “I decided to voice my concern this time.”  Her voice softened, stunning the girls.  “Yes, there have been other times.  You two are the oldest now of the school, surely you must have had friends when you were growing up here?”
Lilith brought her hand to her chin in though.  “We had one other Lady Jaana,” Lilith said slowly.  “But there seem to be more and more girls coming into the school.  We both assumed that she was adopted out or that her father came for her.”
“Emera was her name,” Lea murmured.  She remembered the older girl who took them both under her protective, spunky wing.
Lady Jaana held back the urge to shatter their resolve with a rueful chuckle.  “I see.  You assume that the girls are adopted out or reclaimed.  Well that is the case for some lucky girls to be reclaimed by their parents but this establishment is not an orphanage.  I am concerned with you because ever since the Baron has opened this place, and ever since I have been employed with him, I have noticed around this time of year that some of the children go missing.  They're never seen again and I am instructed to destroy their documents. Lady Dalida and I are responsible from erasing them from your memory by acting as though those children never existed.
“I feel that I can trust you by saying this, I have worked here longer than Lady Dalida.  I have managed to endure his establishment through dozens of sitters and teachers.  It is for that matter that he has entrusted me with keeping information about every single one of you.  He sees me as someone he may keep secrets with.  But what he does to the girls that he allows behind the threshold to his quarters I do not know...  All I do know is after they are allowed to a study for any reason at night do not come back.”
Lilith's eyes widened, and she shook away some of the fear that began to chip at her serene facade.  Lea stood up quickly to hide her startled jump.  She smoothed out her dress, trying to calm down.  “But Lady Jaana, you must have been asleep while they go back to their rooms or something?”
“No Lea,” Lilith said slowly through dry lips.  “You remember they wake everyone up in the morning and Lady Anne walks through the hallways at night.  But that doesn't mean that-I mean this place is very big, maybe there might be different ways to get to other places or secret hallways?”
Lady Jaana shook her head wordlessly.  “He expects you tomorrow evening.  Though I advise you not to go near him until that time.  If necessary I will keep you in your room and talk to him once more.  Your studies will just have to be put off for the day tomorrow and your morning and afternoon meals will be brought to your room.  To compensate for your break time, you'll have a full hour this evening to do as you wish outside.”  She walked back to the door and unlocked the bolts.  “As for the rest of the day you may stay in your room.”

Scars and Secrets
Lea slammed her book shut, her exasperated sigh fell on deaf ears.  Uneasy thoughts of the Baron distracted her from her studies.  Running her hand through her short red hair, she glanced back at her friend who had taken to staring at the sunset through their only window.  “You don't seem too shaken by this.”
Lilith could see distant shapes of shop owners closing for the night.  Sconces placed in ten-paced intervals were being lit by a group of energetic street urchins.  She envied the boys for their freedom, and inside she knew her brother would never have abandoned her if she was a boy.
Standing up from her bed, Lea's bare feet stomped across the smooth wood floor.  She stopped at the corner of the room near the window and knelt before a large wooden trunk.  Her hands ran along the heavy lion-faced iron clamps.  “Sometimes I wonder if it's a good thing to not know what's going on in that head of yours, Lily.”
Lilith blinked, turning to her friend.  “Huh?”
Pressing her fingers into the lions' eyes, the clasps flung open.  Lea lifted the lid.  She laughed at her friend's reaction.  “You mean you haven't been listening to me?”
“Oh, I just,” Lilith began sheepishly.  Her hand to the frayed ends of her long black hair, she wrapped the locks around her finger.  “I think Lady Jaana might be scaring us is all...And I think it works.”
“She doesn't have to threaten us with the unknown to scare us.”  Lea grabbed a bundle of clothing and let the heavy lid close with a thud.  Her concerned gaze fell to the tray of seemingly untouched food at the foot of her friend's bed.  “You're not going to do that tomorrow are you?”
“I'll try not to.  I'm surprised you had an appetite today.”
Lea slung the bundle of clothing onto her bed, the tight knot that secured their clothing bounced against the woolen blanket.  “Meh, I can eat anything, anytime.  And yet-”
Lilith hid her blushed grin.  “And yet the other girls are seething at your...what do they call it? 'Gaunt' form?”
Lea chuckled ruefully as she plopped back down on her bed.   
The door to the girls' room opened quickly, startling Lea and Lilith. Lady Dalida's shiny round face peered from the opening.  “Gather your things, it's time for your bath girls.”
“Yes ma'am,” Lea grabbed the bundle of night clothes.
“Yes Lady Dalida,” Lilith slid off her bed and followed her bed sister to the baths.  Lilith shut the door behind them, her bare feet scuffling on the wooden floor.  The darkened hallways of the southern wing unnerved the young girl, and she stayed close to Lea.
Lady Dalida carried a wavering candle, her mood still as pleasant as ever.  “So how did you girls enjoy your dinner?”
“It was delicious,” Lea tried to grasp the adult's cheery mood.  She turned to Lilith behind her, nudging her along the conversation.
“I err-I couldn't eat another bite, Lady Dalida,” Lilith met Lea's satisfied grin.
“Oh well the cake was something Miss Laurie made in class,” Lady Dalida rounded a corner and began to descend to the lower floor.  “She wanted to make sure you two had a piece.”
“We should thank her in the morning as is custom?” Lilith said sheepishly.
Lady Dalida's merry chuckle, though usually something that brightened any of the girls' spirits, instead shook their resolve.  “I can't guarantee you will see her tomorrow girls.  Lady Jaana's orders are to keep you in your rooms tomorrow.”
Lea swallowed nervously, her grip on the bundle of clothes tightened.  Lilith grasped her friend's arm to comfort her, though her own hands were shaking.  After taking the last step, they entered the first threshold to their left and proceeded through another corridor.  Closed doors of bedrooms and the familiar pair of doors leading to the library passed by the trio.  Girls giggled and held muffled conversations behind their closed doors which made Lea and Lilith feel more alone in the world.
As they walked further down the corridor, the smells of flowery and fruity fragrance became stronger.  The wooden floor gave way to a walkway of stone drenched from the bathers that had long left the communal baths.  Two wooden doors, lined and barred with iron loomed before them.  Steam seeped from the bottom and the holes in the wood.
Lady Dalida grabbed the iron handle and pulled one of the doors open.  “Off you go, girls.  I'll just be up the hall when you're ready.”
A wave of warm, fragrant steam greeted the two girls.  To the right side of the large room, bronzed benches stood to hold clothing and brushes on their dry surfaces while the bathers were in the main room.  Open shelves revealed bathing oils and salts with soap, bathing brushes, bathing clothes, towels, and other vanity items.  All twelve basins, each able to bathe fifteen girls comfortably, were empty of bathers.  Out of the twelve stone basins, only one held clean, heated water.  The two girls had been last to bathe.
“I guess we should hurry before they start the nightly cleaning,” Lilith walked to the bench, thankful for the lighted candelabras giving a comforting glow to the room.
Lea threw the bundle on a nearby bench and began to yank off her shirt.  Her short red hair was mussed, “What are you using today?”
“Lavender,” Lilith pulled down her skirt, and gathered it in her arms.  “It might help me sleep tonight.  How about you?”
“Lavender sounds fine,” Lea turned away from Lilith's naked form, a testament to their unspoken agreement to not look at each other.  “Grab a-”  Her voice trailed off.
Lilith turned to see her friend's confused stare.  “What?”
“Your back,” Lea couldn't help but gawk.  “And...your chest.”
Two white star shaped scars covered Lilith's shoulder blades, and as Lilith turned more, Lea could see a smaller white scar above her breast and resting below her neck.  Lilith quickly drew her hand to her throat, covering the scar.  “I've had these ever since I could remember.  I think they were from the fire.”
“Oh, right,” Lea burned her gaze into the floor, embarrassed.  “I'm sorry.  I just-”
“It's fine,” Lilith walked to the cabinet and grabbed two rags and a glass bottle marked: Lavender.
Crumpling her clothes onto the bench, Lea hurried to join her friend in the basin.  The water felt deliciously warm.  Seating herself on the stone slab that served as a bench in the enormous basin, Lea submerged her head.  Her red hair clung to her face when she surfaced.
Bath time had always been awkward for both girls.  At some times, when they were bathing with most of their peers, they would notice the sisterly camaraderie that they could never recreate.  Girls splashing each other playfully, gossiping to one another about the day's proceedings, all of which with an air of comfort about each other and their own bodies.
Lea made quick work of her bath, scrubbing the oil into her pale skin.  As she began to wipe down her face, she was interrupted by Lilith's peculiar question.
“You were here in the school first, right?”
Lea dunked her head under once more, breaking the surface and spitting away the oil coated bath water.  “I've seen you before a while back for the first time, yeah.  But it doesn't mean I was here first.”
Lilith twirled her wet locks into her fingers, thinking.  “Do you remember how many girls were here when you got here?  I always thought there were nine of us.”
“I got about nine or ten,” Lea answered, perplexed that her bed sister, after years of quietly bathing together, would start talking now.  “Why?”
Lilith pulled herself out of the tub, her long, slicked back hair streamed down to the small of her back.  She carefully crossed the stone floor and sat at the bench across their bundle of clothing.  “I wonder, with six to seven girls leaving, why didn't either of us notice?”
“This place is huge,” water droplets fell from Lea's arm as she waved it in a wide arch.  “You can't expect just two of us to know everything about everyone.  We've been up in that room for most of our lives with Emera-”
Lilith untied the bundle and began to dry off.  “But you were in the Shade Quarters to start.”
Lea's arm fell back into the water with a dissenting splash.  “Shade filled quickly.  All of the quarters did.  The nine or however many turned to several dozen over two weeks.  I didn't think they actually left, just moved quarters like I did.”
“Moved quarters?”
“Yeah, Lady Gertile from Shade made sure that her girls got along.  After a couple of fights, they decided to move me in with you and Emera,”  Lea left the tub and stomped to the benches.   “Whatever the Baron is up to, he probably makes sure there's enough girls to cover the numbers.”
“You say it as though you know,” Lilith gawked.
“I have an idea of it,” Lea briskly toweled herself off.  “It's all I can remember is one would be replaced by another or even several others.  That's how it was in the Shade Quarters and in any of the large communal bedrooms.  They put us together because we are among the last, if not the last of the originals.  But even I'm not so sure about that.”
Lilith knew that Lea had more extensive knowledge of the school than she.  Moreover, Lea's ability to retain the amount of knowledge from eight years ago was astounding but made her amnesic situation that predated her entrance into the school more confusing.  “What are you sure about, as far as the Baron?”
“That we have an audience with him,” Lea draped her black dress over her arm.  “It may be good news.  We might be apprenticed out since the school is running out of space?”
Lilith's feelings of the unknown made Lea's reassurance hard to swallow.  However, she painted a relieved smile and followed Lea out of the bathing area.
Intertwining
Jaecar's sleeping form twitched as the last rays of the sun faded away into twilight.  His muscles bunched and tightened.  His dark gray fur was becoming damp around his eyes from tears as he dreamed.
His vision was blurred with thick black plumes of smoke until a gust blew to reveal horses, sheep and cattle scurrying from a burning building.  A lanky boy, laden with a tiny body of a girl, brushed past Jaecar's stunned stance.  Jaecar could see the boy racing toward a meadow.  Wooden gates around the burning building were wreathed in flame and Jaecar whirled to see two beings face each other.  Jaecar recognized the taller being as Lord Phinen, the Angel of War.   Lord Phinen had the lower body of a dragon, and the upper body of a black armored humanoid.  Leathery wings protruded from the angel's shoulders, arching in his anger toward the elven being he towered over.
“Your time spent with these humans has caused you to become as soft as them, Azadar,” Lord Phinen's gravelly voice resonated from the black horned helm.
“I refuse to follow you anymore, Lord Phinen,” the elven creature shouted above the roar of the flames.  Jaecar could see the elven creature's once white tunic was stained with blood and soot.  His left sleeve had been ripped and tattered.  The elven being's long raven hair hung in a matted mess.  He leaned on a wooden crutch and his left leg oozed with blood.  “I know of your plan for me!  I will not share the fate of Jaerethe Winthrope!”
“Jaerethe?” Lord Phinen laughed.  “Ghudduri had her chance with him...She was too yielding-”
Master Jaerethe? Jaecar thought after listening to the conversation.  At his left, a silvery form charged toward the laughing angel.  Jaecar lunged away, his eyes widening in awe of the giant cougar with silvery wings crash into the angel.  Jaecar recognized the silvery form as his master.  A dire cat, Jaecar gaped.
“Azadar,” Jaerethe grunted, he pinned the surprised angel to the ground.  “I'll hold him off.  Get out of here!  She needs you now!”
Azadar, the elven being limped as fast as he could to the meadow.
“That infant of a creature?” Lord Phinen roared.  Wrapping his large dragon tail around Jaerethe's torso, he lifted the dire cat and threw him with ease toward the burning building.  He whirled on the fleeing Azadar.  His reach was equal to that of the High King himself as he grabbed the girl that the boy placed in the thicket.  “You choose the love of a child over the loyalty to your teacher?”  His arm pulled back and in his metal clawed grasp he held fast to the unconscious girl.
Jaerethe's silvery wings arched and pushed back before he could crash into the building, “Leave her out of this Lord Phinen!”
“You have no power against me,” Lord Phinen sneered as he pointed to the dark, empty sky.  “Ghudduri is blind to this...”
Jaerethe roared, soaring with ease to Lord Phinen.
With his free hand, Lord Phinen brought a clawed finger to the girl's chest.
Azadar paled.  He willed himself to move, to run to the girl and rip her from his teacher's grasp but to no avail.  He stood frozen before the might of the one who taught him every source of magic in his life.
“Her heart beats strong for you, my pupil,” Lord Phinen laughed.  His claw dug deep into her flesh, causing her to jolt from unconsciousness.
Jaecar's ears flattened as he heard the girl's blood curdling scream mixed with the anguished yell of Azadar.
“Jaecar...” a whisper came to his ear.  “Jaecar...Jaecar...”  The beckoning grew louder until-
“Jaecar!” Jaerethe shouted from the ground floor of a crumbling white temple.
Jaecar tumbled from a slanted pillar and onto the ground in a plume of dust.  Jaecar jolted awake and coughed from the dust.  He growled groggily as he noticed the twilight.  “I'm awake, Master...”
“You were dreaming again,” Jaerethe reassured Jaecar.  Jaerethe stared down at the fallen Feliskin.  Both of them were in their feral form of cougars.  “Would you care to share what you were dreaming about?”
Jaecar rose to his feet and shook away the dust on his fur.  “You were in it this time.”
“Flattery is not the key to becoming a Master, Jaecar,” Jaerethe retorted.  He turned to a threshold that opened to the starry sky.  “Though it does seem to make the day go by...”
“That girl was in it again as well,” Jaecar remained serious.  He followed Jaerethe outside of the temple ruins and into a flat meadow.  Jaecar glanced at the moonlight glimmering on the rushing waters of the Eightfold River in the distance.  “Azadar was trying to protect her from Phinen.  And you were trying to protect both of them-Are these dreams memories?”
Jaerethe resumed walking toward a clay hut in the distance.  “It seems that the strands of memory are intertwining with us.  As I have said about the last dream which you described to me, I was in a similar incident...Was your dream near a barn?”
“Some sort of burning building with animals,” Jaecar said slowly.  “Is that what humans call a 'barn'?”
Without any hesitation, Jaerethe answered.  “Yes.  And depending on the size and type of animals one might call it a farm...but your lessons with humans will be later on.”
“Do you suppose the druids who were here had a barn?”
“The druids I know of only eat grass,” Jaerethe glanced back at the crumbling ruins of the former Druid temple.  “The one time that they sought to make an animal sacrifice to their goddess, Ghudduri herself tore this place asunder.”
Jaecar stayed silent.  He knew that a lesson could be found at any time.  He could not prepare himself for what Jaerethe said next.
“Let us go to Burtha's hut for some cooked venison,” Jaerethe said.  He rose to his back paws and stretched into a taller humanoid form.  His limbs lengthened into sinewy arms and legs.  His feline features were still evident in his long silvery tail and ears.  His fine velveteen fur stretched tightly over his lean naked body.
“Just for a meal, nothing more?”
“We have trained earlier today, Jaecar.  I feel that we deserve a break...Unless you would like another lesson?”
Jaecar stammered, trying to avoid more training.  “I err—uhh...”
“Come now Jaecar I am not too strict on you,” Jaerethe chuckled, his pawed feet crushed the dry grass in his long strides.
Jaecar could remember the prior fighting lessons and how his tail had been on the receiving end of knocks and taps.  His tail still throbbed with pain.  He hung his head and continued his pace with Jaerethe.
Jaerethe stared up at the pale countenance of the moon.  “I see Ghudduri is at her full strength again.”
Jaecar glanced at the moon before averting his gaze to the ground,  Ghudduri, the Lunar Servant.  We serve her and she serves His Majesty.  But I wonder, “Master?”
Jaerethe sighed, “The title is flattering, Jaecar, but I do not consider myself as your master...What is it?”
“In the dream, Lord Phinen says that you do not serve Ghudduri.”
Jaerethe stopped walking.  He could see puffs of smoke oozing from the chimney of the clay hut.  His concerned, wine-colored eyes fell on Jaecar which made the younger Feliskin halt in his tracks.  “What he said was true...If I had served Lady Ghudduri in the way she wished, I would not be here.”
“How else can you serve her?”
“She wants me to be on the Celestial Plane.  In the Crystal Hall at her side.  She holds me in the same caliber as His Majesty holds his only son...It is an honor that I am not worthy of.”
“But she is your mother, with the way your kin treats you here, why would you not want to be at her side?”
“Again, in a sense she is my mother.  She took care of me when my own mother tried to kill me.  And it is not my own kin but yours as well.  If you can remember that it has now been five years since you came back to Tillathried.  My brother must have been harder on you.”
“Those days when I was gone are a blur to me.  I remember going to the Den , but I also remember waking up in Burtha's hut-”
Jaerethe let out a mirthful laugh, “Indeed we were both covered in bandages.”
“What happened to me?”
“I am unsure of it myself.  I remember coming to your rescue, Haede was standing over your unconscious body and the body of Leona.  And I assumed that he was back to his scheme of killing you...Do you still not remember her?”
Jaecar shook his head.  “Though you have been implying that it's important to remember her.”
Jaerethe's face broke into a long toothed grin.  “Would you have your body hurt from my lessons or your head hurt from remembering?”
Jaecar squeezed his eyes shut.  “I'd rather neither hurt if it's all the same to you.”
Jaerethe chuckled once more.  “You would learn nothing if something didn't hurt.”  He resumed his pace to the small clay hut.  Within moments of Jaerethe tapping his paw against the door, they could hear the sound of an elderly creature with a strange northern accent muttering to herself.
The door opened to reveal a stout female humanoid creature whose height seemed to stop at Jaerethe's knee.  She was clad in a long tattered blue tunic that served as her dress.  Her matted orange hair was kept at bay by a piece of blue cloth as she regarded the two Feliskins with her stern brown-eyed gaze.
“Milady,” Jaerethe bowed reverently.
“Jarr'th, Jak'arr,” the creature uttered through a thick accent.  “Coom insed, the soop's almust doon.  I see ya didn't teech 'em how ta change forms yet?”
“He knows,” Jaerethe raised an eyebrow to Jaecar.  “He is still a little shy.”  He chided as he patted Jaecar's head.
Burtha tossed a bundle of linen clothing to Jaerethe. “So whatcha been teachin' tha coob tedae?” She hobbled toward the roaring fireplace where a cauldron was suspended over the amber flames.  As she lifted the lid, an aromatic steam of cooked venison and herbs wafted into the main room.
Jaerethe wrapped the robes around himself and walked further inside to a spot near the hearth.  His long legs folded in front of him on the floor as the short woman handed him a clay bowl filled with soup.  “I decided to take it easy on him, Burtha.  I imagine he is fancying a particular story from you.”
Burtha's eyes brightened.  She hobbled back to the fireplace to prepare another bowl.  “So ya be wantin' ta heer a story from me?”
Jaecar walked into the main area of the hut.  The entirety of the hut was one room.  He could see the small round bed in the center, plush with goose down pillows and woolen blankets.  This was the bed that Burtha healed anyone who was in need of her aid.  At the far end of the room Jaecar could see Burtha hunched near the fireplace, spooning a large chunk of meat into a clay bowl.  Jaecar had taken his normal place at the sill of the only window in the hut.
Burtha's tunic dragged along the floor.  After handing Jaecar his portion, she then waddled to where Jaerethe had seated himself.  She eased into her chair and picked up the chords of yarn to the right of the chair and began to weave them into cloth.  “Oy hev only been'n tha den a fuw tiems...  Oy wus curious abou' i' a' first sence Ja'rrth ceme from thar.  An' oy wan'ed ta know whoi he wus tha only one tha' di'n't live there since a'lot o' tha Feliskins his age still live thar.  Each toime we wen' to tha den, the path was diffren', but the purpose wus tha seme, ta check oop on ya.  Most o'the toime we saw ya with another coob...  Paussibly youngar o'tha seme age as ya, though it coul'na tael.  She wus a rare 'ne fur the Feliskin cougars.  She wus spotted.”
“Just like her mother,” Jaerethe murmured through another sip of his portion.
“Aye bu' she wus sweet,” Burtha continued.  “When tha other coobs woul' fai' against ya, she would be there.  An' because she wus tha dau'er no 'ne could touch her.  She woul' seve yer hiede from Hade as well.  That Hade was a mean 'ne.  He'd peck a couple males with him every evenin' to hunt.  But ya like to show off just like yer master heer.”
“So if you have not been as many times as my master has, then why does he not tell the story?” Jaecar, thoroughly amused by Burtha's story-telling, smiled as he ate .
“I suppose yer rei', why do ya le' me talk?  You go' better stoof tha' meself,” Burtha lowered her chords of yarn and regarded the reclined Jaerethe.
“Well you never asked,” Jaerethe winked as the finish the rest of his soup.  He sighed with content as the set the bowl down, “Your deer stew is as delicious as always.  Now, to continue her story, yes Haede had his hardships against any and all.  He still believes Taer is too soft on his subjects and their crimes, whatever they may be.  His hunger for retribution is slaked through killing.”
“Suppose the reason why I was on the bad end of his claws is because this mystery cub is his?” Jaecar thought a loud.
Jaerethe sighed.  “That oaf had a hand in her creation, I do not give all of the credit to my younger brother as being her sire.  She is the daughter of the Den Mother and the Den Mother belongs only to Clansyre Taer.  Leona was a spotted cub.  You two were the perfectly matched odd cubs, and for of most of your cub hoods you two were inseparable.”
Burtha scooped the last of the stew in two bowls.  She then shuffled to the grateful recipients.  “Ya poot a lot o'talk on this Leona.  Why oot o' all o' them?”
Jaecar glanced at his teacher, relieved that he didn't have to ask.
Jaerethe stroked his whiskers, brooding.  “I have my reasons.  But I suppose it's more of a reason for Jaecar's peace of mind.”
“-or Taer,” Jaecar said before devouring his portion.
Jaerethe took a long pull of the broth and set the bowl on the ground.  “As I've said before we are a creature of blood.  Both the blood of Taer and Haede flow in that cub's veins.  I should like to sever that tie so as to give Jaecar peace, and to possibly restore his memory.”
“Ya sey as though he's ded,” Burtha eased herself back into her chair and began to weave once more.
“His past five years are blocked and it stays without reason for now,” Jaerethe ignored Jaecar's growing glare.  “Suppose he meets Haede or Taer, the inner turmoil for vengeance would have dire consequences.  It is in our bestial nature that we seek to right whatever or whomever has wronged us.  And for the wrongs that Taer and Haede have brought upon Jaecar, death is the only answer.”
Jaecar had completely stopped eating to stare at his teacher indignantly.  Does he not trust my judgment?
“You may seem tame on the surface, Jaecar,” Jaerethe grabbed his bowl and stood up.  “But you are still young, and your past is shadowed in grief and confusion.  Once your questions are answered will you begin to grow in knowledge and strength.”
Jaecar's fur bristled slightly.  He hated his fragmented memories.  So many restless nights.  So many open ended conversations.  Jaecar had enough.  With flattened ears, he rose to his paws and stalked out of the hut through the nearby open window.
Jaerethe and Burtha could hear the sounds of his heavy paws storming out onto the open field.
“Have ya no' told 'im yet?” Burtha ceased her weaving once more.  Her brown eyes darted from the leaving Jaecar and back to Jaerethe.
Jaerethe released an exasperated sigh. “I have alluded to it, but nothing could be better than proof.  To see for himself.”
Shadows of the Past
Jaecar's blood boiled.  He ran hard and fast toward the river.  He neither knew nor cared if he was being followed.  He slowed to a stop at the river's rocky shore and tried to quiet his rapid breathing.
The waters churned slightly around the smooth rocks.  He could still see his blurred reflection and longed for an answer instead.  He lifted his blue gaze and turned to see the small shape of the troll's hut, and far off northward, he saw the pale remnants of the Druid temple.  Jaecar wracked his mind to remember...
The Clansyre and the Den Mother looked on in horror.  Two hunting parties were at a standoff on the southern border of Ecylich Woodlands.  A man in shiny silver armor held the scruff of a spotted a Feliskin in his gauntlet and a sword in the other hand to her neck.  The spotted Feliskin's paws hung in the air, for she could not stand to the man's towering height.  Jaecar could see the bodies of men and Feliskins strewn on the forest floor.  And at his feet he could see the lifeless body of Drethar, the Clansyre's only son, riddled with arrow's and blade wounds.
“So it seems you beasts have a heart,”  the leading armored man said as he jerked the cub closer to his cold silver chest.  “It's come to my understanding that you speak common words as well as your own language.  You encroach on territory that is not your own.  You hunt our livestock and feast on any victim that is in your gaze.  Now I think it's time to settle the score.”
“No,” the Den Mother whispered.  Several Feliskins blocked her path to rescue the captured cub.
“Have you not killed enough of my kin?” the Clansyre growled beneath iron chains.  “Lay down the cub and I will promise you leave with your lives.”
Jaecar could recognize several of the Clansyre's hunting party but could not find Haede.  His search was interrupted by the hearty laugh of the armored man.
“Is she that precious to you?" the man laughed once more.  His men held firm with their swords and spears.  Two men knocked arrow's to their bows.
Jaecar could not see the cub very well.  He stepped forward-
“Why waste your effort  on that little whelp?” Jaecar could hear the familiar deep voice of Haede.  “Clearly you humans have no sense of blood worth.”  Jaecar saw the bulky tawny cougar slink forward to the Clansyre's side.  “For you see, she may cause the Clansyre to quake with fear at her peril, but can you not see you are in the presence of the High Priest's-”
“Jaecar,” Jaerethe's voice interrupted his visions once more.
Jaecar snapped out of his reverie to see that Jaerethe had joined him at the river.  Jaerethe stood in his cougar form, his gaze dark with concern.  “M-Jaerethe,”  Jaecar stammered.  “I thought I could see her-why is she so elusive?”
“You're impatient, and you try to force something that I've brought before you,”  Jaerethe's wine-colored gaze squeezed shut for a moment.  “Let it come to you, at its own time.  The training has worn you out, and these memories-”
“If there's something to say then why not say it?” Jaecar's indignation welled within him.
Jaerethe paused slightly.  His gaze traveled down the river to the opening of the mountain valley.  Jaecar followed his master's gaze and could detect a faint smell.
“Let's get some rest, Jaecar,” Jaerethe said dismissively.
“Did you smell something?” Jaecar followed Jaerethe back to the temple.
“Just a shadow of the past, nothing more.”
Jaecar fell silent, annoyed yet brooding.  He knew that had been the first time since the beginning of the season that Jaerethe had gone to the river, and had guessed there was a reason why it.  That smell, he thought.
“The Autumn Festival is coming,” Jaerethe's attempt at changing the subject was feeble.  “I haven't realized another year has gone by.  I will speak with the travelers when they pass by in the morning.”
Jaecar and Jaerethe finally arrived at the temple ruins after hours of silence. As the moon neared its zenith, they entered the broken threshold.  Chunks of white marble roof were strewn about with only half of the roof leaning against the far end of the temple.  Jaecar approached his slab of stone that lay near the crumbled window.  From where he lay he could see the river and the opening to the mountain valley.
*  *  *  *  *
Lea opened her eyes to see herself once again as something small, though she could not quite understand what.  Standing above her, a large silvery cougar pinned her to the ground with his long razor-sharp claws.  He was slowly squeezing the air from her tiny lungs as he roared at a group of wild cats.
“You go to Chapin and threaten my family,” the silvery cougar's voice resonated something familiar to Lea.  “And now you will pay the price...”
The silvery cougar's voice cut into Lea's heart.  Hopes and thoughts swarmed her mind and bubbled in her mouth until she blurted.  “F-father, why...Why are you hurting me father?”
Startled at Lea's pleas, the cougar brought his dark, glittering gaze to her.  His brow furrowed and as he leaned closer to her, the familiar, childlike voice of the white and gray cub shouted from the crowd.
“Leave her alone!” the cub roared and charged at the towering silver cougar.  Lowering his head, he buried his skull into the adult's shoulder with enough force to bowl him over.
Lea gulped in air, she searched for her rescuer as the mob of wild cats rushed toward her.  She was suddenly yanked to her feet.
“Come on,” the white and gray cub urged.  “This way!”
Lea followed the cub to a rocky incline.  The thunderous roars and shouts of her name were deafening.  She could almost hear the female wails of what she thought was her mother.  Fighting the urge to be reunited with her family, she climbed into a small crevice and crawled on her belly higher and higher.  The cub's white tip of his tail was her guiding line.  Ducking into another, larger passageway, she stopped with the cub to catch her breath.
“Where are we?” she asked.
“We're almost in Tillathried,” the cub huffed, his wide grin was oddly relieving to her.  “No one's going to hurt us or catch us there.”
With renewed vigor, the cub darted into another passageway.  “Come on, we can't stop long.”
“But why-” her question hung in her throat as a pair of jaws clamped shut around her throat-
Lea jolted awake, her night gown clung to her sweaty body.  She tried to slow down her rapid breathing.  Bringing her hand to her cheek, she saw that she had been crying in her sleep.  She could see that Lilith slept soundly in her bed next to the window.  Her once sweet dreams about a cut cub were turning into horrifying nightmares, and she began to wonder if the Baron should have taken Ergin-Kai's offer.
Pulling away her blankets, Lea got out of bed and crossed the room to Lilith's bed.  She chuckled, realizing that, at a time when Lilith would usually awake from her nightmares and join her, Lea was doing instead doing the exact thing.  Lea gingerly lifted away the covers.  Her friend was curled into a ball against the wall.  She slid onto the downy mattress, and wrapped her arms around Lilith's stomach, pulling her closer.  As her friend's low, steady heartbeat began to lull Lea to sleep, she tossed away notions of blood relations.  This girl in her arms, her loyal friend, would always be her sister no matter what.
The Gypsies
The autumn wind blew the smells of the A *K *Y's trade in to Tillathried, giving it a faint fragrance of fresh fish, perfume, and livestock.  Jaecar stretched out on a warm slab of stone from the old druid temple that crumble to the ground long before he was even born.  The morning sun shone on the dull gray and white striped coat of his cougar form, warming and as he lay.  His ear swerved back as he heard the sound of boots against the crumbling stone.
“Where are you going, Master?” Jaecar opened one eye to see Jaerethe walking toward what was once the threshold to the temple.
“I see you're wake,” Jaerethe ceased walking, the creaking of his leather boots stopping.  He wore a woven white tunic and brown wool britches that hung on his lithe form loosely and showed the find silvery fur that stretched and served as his skin.  His wine-colored eyes scanned the area of the flat grassland.  To the southwest, he could see the shimmering waters of the Eightfold River.  “So you would not mind if you watched the place while I go to the southern border.”
His interest piqued, Jaecar rose to his fours,  “Is it that time of year again, Master?  Shouldn't those damned gypsies see that their request will be denied again?”
“There's no need to talk like that, Jaecar,” Jaerethe snapped.  “Nevertheless I see nothing wrong with greeting them at the door so to speak.  If any trouble should arise Burtha Bagglehopper it is but two sprints away.  I should be back before moon rise, and might I suggest you repaying miss Bagglehopper for all the broth you've been eating from her...unless you guess your prowess?”  Jaerethe laugh softly, shaking his head emphatically.  
Jaecar snapped up, his pride hurting.  “I never said I couldn't!  I'll even get some fish for her tonight!”
“Very well, Jaecar, fish tonight it is,” Jaerethe walked away.  He reached in his pocket to produce two brown gloves that he was able to fit over his paws and instantly turn them into human hands.  He then brought his gloved fingers to his lips and whistled shrilly to a giant gray steed that was in grazing close to the river.  The mare sprinted loyally to him, showing her true form as the eight legged Slepnir named Janreigh.
His head came to her shoulder when she stood by him.  Grabbing a handful of her mane, he lifted himself up and over her.  Jaecar saw Jaerethe then dig his heels into Janreigh and ride to the southern border.
Jaecar stretched into his human form and pulled on his clothes he found next to his resting stone.  As he pulled his green tunic over his head, he pushed his lower paws into his boots.  His gaze swept through the rubble until he found his bow and quiver of arrows.  Might as well work on ranged hunting, he convinced himself, though that was the only way he could hunt.
Jaerethe arrived at the southern border as the sun was at its zenith.  He could see the mountain pass yawn before him, and within its gaping mouth, creatures and humans of every shape and size waited as two taller humanoids rode out on horseback to meet with Jaerethe.  One of them he recognized as a Feliskin like himself, only as it drew closer he noticed by the long pale blue dress that she was female, her fur nearly blood red in color.  The other was a human male, though Jaerethe could have sworn was a giant, for though the man was seated, and his horse far shorter than the mighty Slepnir Jaerethe rode, the man's height stopped below Jaerethe's shoulder as he stayed mounted.  The man's skin was as dark as the mountain rock, and just as strong for his chiseled build.  The dark skinned man smiled at Jaerethe, recognizing the being before him.  His forest green cloak whipped in the winds as he came to a halt.
“High Priest Winthrope,” the man said and tilted his head in a bow.   “It is an honor yet again to meet you at the threshold of Tillathried.”
“It makes me wonder if it really has been that long since you and your entourage have visited,” Jaerethe said with contrite.  However, he laughed and despite his mirth.  “But enough with how humans should greet one such as I.  I see you're starting to recruit Feliskins like myself.”
The young Feliskin smiled.
“Little Serenity she likes to call herself,” the man introduced her.  “She is learning to speak common and slowly.  She can tell you she is hungry, or if she is thirsty, or if she is tired.  Perhaps you can get teach her lessons one of these visits that you may allow us to enjoy?”
“My sincerest apologies, Rauksye,” Jaerethe bowed once again.  “But this valley unfortunately still houses my troll and she may not like so many visitors so late in the day.”
The Feliskins eyes widened and she recognized the term, “T-tr-trowle?”
“She's harmless though, right?” the man, Rauksye, tried to assure Little Serenity.
“Harmless to guests of course,” Jaerethe sighed as he ran his hand over his closely cropped mane.  “But to me that's another story.  Sad to say, but as usual to the north on the table is the spot where you have our full permission to set up your camp.  You may even get the same amount of customers from the A-K-Y to the east of you.  I will escort you and your crew personally and show you the way to the A-K-Y for your safety as well as your advertising for your season here.”
Rauksye nodded his head, defeated though his smile never left his face.  “I see you will not consider once again.  Very well, we should follow you once more.”  He turned to his group and waved his great dark arm in consent.  Jaerethe could hear the sound of horses moving and the creaking of wooden wagons wheels as the large troupe gathered their things and began to move.  Rauksye rode to Jaerethe's left, his dark eyed gaze glanced across the green mountain valley.  He remembered every year when his eyes beheld the beautiful sight despite the changes of autumn being present everywhere else.  They rode past the opening and along the smooth walkway near the eastern mountain pass.
As Jaerethe guided them through he noticed that Little Serenity stayed loyally at Rauksye's side.  Her amber gaze darted from the woods nearby to the trail and back to Rauksye.
“ I see you must have found her at a very young age,”  Jaerethe said as he kept his gaze to the trail.  “She protects you as though you were her own father.”
Rauksye patted her shoulder assuredly as he beamed.  “That I did, Jaerethe.  She was only a cub in your eyes.  It seems she was left near the swamp hills to the south of Ecylich.”
Jaerethe kept his gaze forward, a rueful smirk played on his whiskered lips.  “You'll have to forgive my family for that.  As you know she is a female of my kind, and as a ritual of elimination, the Clansyre chooses his females to breed and those that are overflow are taken south.  You humans, particularly the humans of the A-K-Y call that place Ambeigh.”
Rauksye was stunned, not only for the safety of his troupe but of the audacity of leaving an infant to die in the elements.  He turned to Little Serenity who was focused on trying to see predators in the treeline.
Jaerethe murmured in the language of the Feliskins, a coaxing phrase that kept Little Serenity at ease.  He uttered further in their language that Rauksye was safe in his presence.
“Little Serenity,” Rauksye called to her.  “I am safe with Jaerethe here but I want you to see if our animals are safe in the back while I talk to Jaerethe about something.  Would you mind checking the rear in coming back to me when everything is safe?”
Jaerethe translated Rauksye's instructions, reveling in the nostalgia from their language.
Little Serenity's eyes brightened as she nodded eagerly.  She pulled her horse back and rode to the end of the trail of the wagons which rolled lazily beneath the weight of their provisions.
When he saw that she was out of his sight, Rauksye turned back to Jaerethe who still sat calmly on Janreigh,  “Why would they do that?  She could barely walk, nor did she have the fur to protect her as she does now.”
“Some of them do manage to survive, some of them do not,” Jaerethe said simply.  “And those that do survive stay in Ambeigh.  There are a couple of generations of female Feliskins living there as we speak, but since they raise themselves they're just as much hunters as those in Ecylich, only to the males of your kind, they are far more dangerous.”
Rauksye heaved a sigh as concerns filled his mind.
“I can tell from her actions that she is fond of you,” Jaerethe continued.  “I doubt she will change into something like that.  The only thing you need to worry about, my friend, is where you travel.  Avoid Ecylich at all costs especially the southern border to the southern kingdom.  Treat her well and she will be a valuable protector of you and your troupe.”
Rauksye nodded, his gaze turning to Jaerethe's blank expression.  “I understand your warnings, though I am still compassionate of all living things.  And you say that your family has done yet another atrocity like this-”
“Save your speeches for others that would care,”  Jaerethe snapped as he turned his wine-colored gaze to him.  “Even I've gone down that road that you've started, my friend.  Keep it to your own kind, not mine.”
They could hear the sound of hooves clopping from behind.  Rauksye smiled at Little Serenity who rode to his side.  She nodded reassuringly that the rear was secure.
Jaerethe's nose twitched and his left ear swerved back as he could hear Jaecar's hacking coughs in the distance.  He pulled a Janreigh before Rauksye's mount, halting their progress.  “Put your Little Serenity in one of the caravans, please.”
“What-”  Rauksye began.
Jaerethe interrupted him sharply.  “There is no time to explain, please in order for the safety of you and everyone else in your troupe.”
Little Serenity glanced at the grave look in the older Feliskin's eyes that made her shudder as she quickly fell back among the group of large wooden carts.
“Stay to the trail, Rauksye, there something I must take care of,” Jaerethe said as he rode west through the underbrush.
The troupe stopped, panic slowly rising among the gypsies.  Rauksye quickly joined them to calm them down.  The wagon driver that now held serenity cast a concern glance at Rauksye.
“What's going on, Rauksye?” the wagon driver asked as she adjusted her hat and shifted nervously in her seat.  Others began to voice their similar questions.  The dagger tossers grasped the small hilts of their weapons, fire dancers readied their deadly whips.
“There's no need for raised fears, fellow gypsies,”  Rauksye's voice boomed above their cries.  “Settle down and let's keep to the trail.  Wagon drivers keep close to each other in the center.  Children and goods vendors get into the wagons.  If necessary harness more horsepower.  Quickly now, before the sun sets-”
The wagon driver barked as she jumped at oversee and began packing goods from nearby vendors.  “Why the rush if there's no panic, Rauksye?”
Rauksye laughed, driving their fears away.  “Why hurry you say, Marie?  Our best customers come for the fire dancer performances at sunset.” He smiled comfortingly as he dismounted and began helping children into the wagons.

Azadar
As Jaecar walked to the river to fish, he was suddenly over come  with the fit of coughing from something in the air.  The smell was the faint smell of blood, but of a certain kind of blood that made him reel and cough.  Jaecar crumpled to his knees at the rocky shore, gasping for breath.  He could see the river flowing eastward and blurring his reflection.
“You smell it too, don't you?” he could hear a voice that sounded similar to Jaerethe's.
His blurred vision became tinged with red.  “M-m-master?” He coughed and tried to crawl away.  In his confusion, he left his bow on the grass.  He felt a firm hand grab onto his shoulder.  “H-help me master, I-” he coughed.  He felt vulnerable.
“It's the smell of your kin,” the voice continued.  “The kin that must be taken...”
He felt around for the waters of the river, though as he approached close, the smell grew stronger.  He knew before him the cool waters would temporarily alleviate his growing bestial rage.  He splashed the water onto his face and drank from his cupped paws.
“Here,” the hand that held his shoulder went away to come back with a strange leaf that it put in the young Feliskin's mouth.  Jaecar struggled at the first bitter taste, but relaxed as a sense of cooling sensation of mint that cleared his vision and dulled the strength of the smell.
Jaecar looked up at the figure that stood before him.  He recognized the raven-blue hair that was tied back neatly, his long turquoise robes that cover his feet, and the dark blue eyes that looked down on him kindly.
“Azadar,” Jaecar croaked from his dry throat.  “My Lord Azadar!  I thought you were dead!”
“Dead?”  Azadar tilted his head with concern.  “I've been around for awhile, young Winthrope.  Tell me, where might the High Priest Jaerethe be?”
Jaecar rose to his feet, glad to see a familiar face.  “He's negotiating in the southern border.  He should be back by moon rise, my lord.”
“I see,” Azadar hid a quiet smirk.  “Well, since he is busy I don't see why you can't come up with me to fetch a parcel of sorts...”
“My apologies, my lord, but I promised payment for Miss Bagglehopper in fish for my master when he gets back-”
“Oh but where this particular parcel is I will get food for you, and without the necessity of arrows.  We can get your food on the way there.”
“This parcel?  Would it be anywhere near the smell I just encountered?”
“All the more reason to go there, so you may gather food and find yourself to break the source of that odorous plague...  I'm sure your master is burdened by it as well, and I believe this may match any fish catch.”
“You say he is burdened by it as well, my lord?”
“I have been visiting off and on I've noticed that he does not venture thus far to the river.”
“Visiting?  How long have you been back?”
“Come, I will explain more on the way there.  Summon Zheraner and I will meet you across the river.”
Azadar left Jaecar at the river to grab his horse and quiver.  Jaecar ran back to the temple and searched the nearby field to see a dark brown steed grazing.  The shadows cast by the giant steed's muscular girth hid the two extra pair of legs.  And as Jaecar walked closer to the steed, its size became larger until it towered over Jaecar.  Grasping onto the Slepnir's mane, Jaecar heaved himself up.  Jaecar gleaned his surroundings, Azadar seemed to vanish as quickly as he appeared.
A sudden splash in the distance startled the young Slepnir.  Jaecar stroked the stallion's neck reassuringly.  His gentle coaxing urged the eight legged steed named Zheraner to a gallop.
Azadar awaited them, astride his black shire steed, and as Jaecar came to his side, Azadar threw him a small bundle of clothes.  Jaecar unwrapped the bundle to find his own pair of brown gloves.
“Wrap the other cloth around your face, it'll block out most of the smell and shield you from suspicious eyes,” Azadar instructed.
Jaecar wrapped the cloth over his mouth and nose.  He then pulled the makeshift hood over his feline ears to show only his ice blue gaze.  “Did you see a splash down the river?”
Azadar shrugged, stray hairs of ebony blue crossed his sun-kissed face.  Digging his heels into his horse, Azadar led the way to the east mountain pass.
Jaecar looked to the high sun, quietly calculating the time they may take.  “Forgive me for not realizing that you were still alive.  My master has no longer talked of you as of recent.”
“I suppose you have never really asked of me, young Winthrope,” Azadar retorted without turning to the young Feliskin.  “Though it has been a long time since I have met up with High Priest Jaerethe. For you see I've been eluding my own masters' wishes.  Surely he has told you of Ghudduri and the others?”
Jaecar was struck with the realization of the dream he'd had the night before.  He remained composed as he answered.  “My master has told me of them.  And of his choice he has made with Ghudduri.  It is under my assumption that she has respected his wishes for now.  Will not Phinen honor yours?”
“The Angel of War is not as compassionate as his sister is unfortunately.  And those ends are not known to me, is it not by choice that I stay in the mortal realm of Adamar as Jaerethe has done?”
Jaecar cast his hooded gaze before the well worn road.  By sunset, he mused, Jaerethe and the gypsies would be on this road heading further north.
Azadar spoke more of his masters' wishes for him.  How he had been chosen as an acolyte shared between two masters, and that, had he not made his own decision, he would never be able to live on Adamar.  However, in the process, he thoroughly confused the young Feliskin.
“Where are we going?” Jaecar muffled as they rode.
“To the port city of A-K-Y,” Azadar kept his gaze to the thinning trail.
“What is Aky?”
“A-K-Y is the name of the city.  Though I am not certain what those letters stand for.  It's a place where humans like to go to barter one thing for another.  It's one of those cities that isn't particular to social etiquette and standings, but I want you to wear that just in case.”
Jaecar nodded, half-understanding.
The mountain road was carved a took a winding mountain pass to the northern tip of the Ecylich Woodlands until they arrived at the open area of the A*K*Y by sunset.  Azadar dismounted when they approached the edge of the wood line.
“Dismiss Zheraner,” Azadar said.  “Then I'll tell you as to how we will get the parcel.”
Jaecar jumped off gracefully to his feet and gave Zheraner a comforting look.
Unfazed, Zheraner stood by the shire and regarded Azadar darkly.
“I guess he likes your horse,” Jaecar sighed.
“Then he can keep him company...  Now, to the parcel.  She's a human girl who knows a bit too much for the other humans' liking.  And I must get her out of there before her knowledge is lost.  The benefit for you to come with me is that the source of the smell is her friend.  I have the proof of reclamation for both girls, you being the one who will claim-”
“Why should a claim something whose presence is so revolting?”
“It is a sacrifice that you will not have to endure for long.  If everything goes to plan you can rid yourself of this accursed presence once and for all,” Azadar tried to calm Jaecar down.
Jaecar was glad that the mask kept most of the smell away.  He wondered what exactly this accursed thing looked like and he imagined ending her life by his own claws.  He nodded, resolved.
“Very well, I will claim the smaller one and you shall claim the taller one.  I have told this Baron of sorts that I would be back to claim them after I got the documents of proof.  Here is yours.  All I ask is that you follow my lead.” He handed two slips of paper to Jaecar.
Recollection
Dinner at the Baron's Boarding School for Girls was quietly spent as the two guests of honor finished dining with the Baron.  An awkward feeling resonated in the room as Lilith tried her best to stomach the food, though it was delicious and in a lavish dining room, her nerves had made the food taste like dirt and of first taste of wine, like molten lava.  Lea managed to eat only a few bites more than Lilith.
“As I've said before,” the Baron began as he pushed aside his emptied plate.  “Your pasts are catching up to you two.  You, Lea were a foundling given to us by a strange man and you, Lilith were dropped off by your brother.  That is all I know of you two, and since you two are my favorite darlings in the school, I would like to know more about you.”
“There's nothing much I can tell you respectively, Baron,” Lea stated gingerly.  “I only know what you know, aside from that my memories seem to be dreams, they aren't real memories.”
The Baron gleaned from his memory about Lea.  She carried the last name Winthrope and she had been brought in broad daylight by a mysterious cloaked man named Haede.  Only one thing came to mind with the surname Winthrope: Feliskins.  However, the tall girl seated before him had no catlike ears, no fur and certainly no tail.  He dismissed the mysterious man as a crazy forest hermit who couldn't differentiate between a human girl and a Feliskin.
“Ah, I see,” the Baron pulled his fingers together to form a steeple.  “And you, Lilith?”
Lilith set her fork down, defeated of taking another bite. “Well, I was the only daughter.  My mother said that my father named me on his deathbed.  I remember my older brother saving me from a fire ten winters go.  He said that my mother and my other brother never made it out.  He tried raising me until the following spring but he said that he could not raise me.  I never really understood why, I tried to hunt with him and I don't think that I asked for much.  I remember he took me to a tavern called Locke's Place, and I worked for really hard so he can sleep at the inn, but he said he didn't want me working there anymore.  He was worried that something might happen to me while he went hunting.  So by summertime, he took me here and I haven't seen him ever since.”
The Baron sniffled, moved.  What Lilith had said had a ring of truth, though he remembered a different matter:
The night that Lilithlien Attenduin came to his doors, she had been drugged to a near comatose state unwittingly by her own brother.  However, the Baron's own brother, Horace, the tavern keep of Locke's Place had coerced the boy into making his decision.  Lilith's brother did not have the heart to take his sister into the mansion, though according to Horace he had the stomach to give her the little cake dosed heavily with the Ophioid Elixir.
The Baron had expected the usual fare from Horace: food rations from the tavern to last the entire school for a fortnight; wooden eating utensils for the newer arrivals; bundles and bolts of wool and linen for the girls to make their own clothing and bedding; and vanity items such as brushes, mirrors, toys, fragrant oils and soaps.
“Got ya 'nother 'ne,” Horace grumbled, carrying the last of his cargo, Lilith, over his shoulder.  He set the girl down a bench in the Baron's study.
The waif's only outfit had been a once white linen gown, now gray from dirt and soot.  Wrapped around her arms and covering her face was a tattered blue silken shawl that was singed at one end.
The Baron's face wrinkled in derision.  “Did you find this one in a burning barn? She's filthy!”
“She had a li'l bit o'a scuffle with one of me regulars,” Horace hefted a meaty thumb behind him.  “The boy had ta save 'er.”
The Baron cocked a mischievous eyebrow.  “Your customers must be very bored indeed.”
Lady Jaana stood quietly at the door.  Her gaze affixed to the roaring fire in his study and ignoring the Baron's lewd humor.
“Lady Jaana, I believe Miss Emera still has yet to sponsor anyone,” the Baron's gaze went from the girl to his trusted assistant.  “Fetch her for me.  Once this little one is cleaned up then we can perform the inventory.”
“Shall I fetch Mister Llyam as well?” Lady Jaana asked before leaving.
“Well I'm sure he'll have quite a wait, but tell him to come straight to my study,” the Baron waved dismissively.
Emera, an oddly spirited girl was soon ushered into the Baron's study.  She rubbed the sleep from her eyes and her mane of strawberry hair was mussed.  “What is i-”  Her eyes widened and she had awakened quickly to see an infantile child curled upon a bench.
The Baron's shiny dimpled smile greeted the groggy teenager.  “Ah Emera, dear.  My sincerest apologies for awaking you at this hour but I'd like you to meet your new sister.”
Emera rolled her hazel eyes. Her arms folded in front of her breasts as she said sarcastically.  “And here I thought you had a pony for me.”
The Baron released a hearty laugh, his slightly rotund form jiggled.  “Well perhaps if you are a good girl at the end of the year, we shall see about getting you that pony.  Be a dear and clean up your new little sister for me?  And you may use my private quarters down the hall if you wish.”
“You really are too kind,” Emera began with more sarcasm, but after withering looks from Lady Jaana, her mouth snapped shut.  Emera took the girl in her arms and dutifully left for the bathing quarters.
Lilith had been cleaned and wore a clean ivory linen gown.  And as she was carried back into the Baron's study, the Baron's eyes widened in shock.  He had recognized the girl, and judging by Llyam's odd behavior, the Baron suspected that his most trusted alchemist, one of the only men who had resided in the mansion other than himself, was familiar with this girl as well.  Or that he had known something about her.
Upon further questioning and inspection, this opportune foundling was the key that the Baron needed to reclaim his title of Baron in Zerranata!
Lea rubbed  Lilith's shoulder soothingly.
“I-I-I never knew you went through so much,” the Baron blew his nose into his napkin.  He dabbed his face of stray tears.  “I am truly sorry for your hardships but I admire your strength and courage working at a place such as Locke's so young?  I was also wondering if you or your brother happen to know of a young man named Saf?”
Lilith's eyes brightened at the name.  She cleared the huskiness in her voice.  “Uh, he was...Saf helped my brother hunt while we stayed at Locke's place.  It's been a long time since I've seen him.”
The Baron's voice lowered.  “Tell me then, Lilith, why if he knew your brother would he leave him to make this decision when he couldn't easily taken you in has his own?”
She remembered the promise that Saf told her when she was little.  She also remembered that Saf was not his real name, however she could not remember his real name however hard she tried.  Saf was not her brother's hunting companion but more less her teacher in the ways of nature.  He taught her wisdom of the trees, the language of the animals, and the remedies with various herbs and plants.  She also remembered on their last night together, your gazing at the stars and he told her stories about worlds and heroes fighting the valiantly for the different but noble causes.  She remembered the stories of the twelve angels and four demons, just as she remembered the whispered promise, This time together, the wisdom that I've granted you, unfortunately you must put it aside for now.  Do not be embittered or saddened by it.  Remember the good times and remember me as, Saf but do not remember...
“Lilith?” the Baron had leaned closer to Lilith. 
“He went over the seas I think to sell his wares,” Lilith answered smoothly.  “He was in the same position as my brother and me, and according to the tavern keep there, I could only work to keep one of them under his roof.”
“With all due respect, Baron, but I see you have been taking a liking to our pasts.  May I ask why?” Lea chimed in, averting the questions from Lilith after seeing her discomfort.
“Well, Miss Lea, it seems I can't put it off for long,” the Baron chuckled, assuming that her question was like a game to him.  “You see, this young man, has become an overlord to the place where I use to reside.  A cozy town called Zerranata.  It was also the town that still houses the infamous Locke's Place in which you, Lilith used to work.” He rose from his chair and began to walk around, slowly pacing toward them.  “Whether he was selling wares across Ambrose or going to Zherim to chat with the other overlords, I may not know.  All I know is that since a certain overlord decided to toss away the Baron system to push in sufficient reports given to Her Majesty by overlords instead, I've been here filling my coffers and teaching young girls to become the productive women of tomorrow...You two were among the first to come here and have since been my favorites, almost like daughters to me.”
He clasped his hands over their shoulders, startling the two of them.
Lea swallowed nervously,  “B-B-but, Baron, with all due respect I thought there were others before us.  And how exactly do you fill your coffers by teaching girls out of charity...”
Lilith's jaw tightened, her heart raced with fear as she tried to reach for Lea's hand.

Reunion
Jaerethe pushed Janreigh as fast as she could go.  The giant Slepnir steed dashed over the small rivulets that led a muddy marshy path into the Eightfold River.  She sank knee deep into the crystal clear waters and preceded through the gathering current.  The chill ran down his spine as Jaerethe looked on the other side of the river.  A tall figure cloaked in dark gray.  Its hood was cast aside, revealing a long black hair blowing to the side.  The figure had its back facing Jaerethe, and it stood patiently, unmoving.  Then suddenly he lifted his hand to the side as he shouted in an authoritative  masculine voice, “Relogniphin!”
In the distance, Jaerethe could hear a horse cry out so loud that made Janreigh rear him off of her back.  Jaerethe fell hard into the river, drenching his clothes and his fur to a gray as dark as the man's cloak.  Jaerethe shook off the shock that overcame him and ripped away his humanoid form.  Leaping from the river as a bolt of silver he pounced on the man as a recognized the voice.
Jaerethe growled, revealing his long fanged teeth, and he attempted to dig his claws into his pinned victim.  What are you doing here in my valley, and what have you done to him?  What have you done to him Phinen?
“So good to see you as well Priest,”  the man spat.  He continued summoning.  “AID YOUR MASTER, RELOGNIPHIN!”
And before Jaerethe could move, he felt a sharp pain against his ribs as he was knocked back into the water.  His back hit the sharp rocks below, knocking him out.  Jaerethe tried to fight the pain that wracked him into unconsciousness the last thing he saw as he fell into the river was the sight of Jaecar upon his Slepnir in the distance, riding from the temple...
“Sire...sire...sire,” Jaerethe could hear softly at first then louder until the familiar voice of General Daesar shouted.  “Jaerethe!”
Jaerethe's eyes opened to the darkening sky.  He coughed out water, hoping that his head stopped spinning.  His dazed look caught a gray speckled jaguar standing over him.  His seal leather armor was drenched with the waters of the Eightfold River.
“D-Daesar?” Jaerethe recognized the Feliskin.  He tried to stand but managed to sit up as another dizzying spell came over him.  “What's...how-”
“I came to the temple to find you,” General Daesar helped Jaerethe to his feet.  “But I saw a man in black riding away from the river with Jaecar.  When I came closer to the river, I saw you floating down the river and I dragged you out.  Who was he?”
“Phinen,” Jaerethe could feel his feet were still submerged in the river.  His head throbbed.  “I think he's done something to Jaecar.”
“This area of the range is leading me to her.  Do you feel well enough to catch up with them?”
“I have no choice, Jaecar's being pulled into something I just don't know what.” Jaerethe shook off the dizzying feeling as he unfolded his large silvery wings.  “Keep up with me, general.  And at all costs, if you find her, take her back to Tillathried.”
With a grim nod, General Daesar unfurled his own spotted wings and followed Jaerethe to the skies.  Both Feliskins rose in altitude, peaking the closest mountain.  However, before the tiny flakes of ice could form on their wings, they dipped through the opening and soared above the swamplands of Ambeigh.  Jaerethe's heart sank, for the river had taken him further south.  He stood high in the heavens, his silvery wings beating to keep him in the air.  He surveyed his surroundings from the vantage point.  Turning to the meadow clearing at his right side, he motioned to General Daesar and continued his flight.
*  *  *  *  *
“Here we are,” Azadar said as he came to the cliff side mansion.  Some  of the rooms were lit, others were dark and as night fell in the A *K*Y.  Jaecar stifled his coughs and as breathing became raspy.
“Here is some more mint,” Azadar handed him a leaf.  “This shouldn't take long.”
Jaecar nodded, taking the leaf gratefully.  He breathed through his mouth as Azadar knocked on the door.
A corpulent woman answered the door, her round form was covered by a long, loose white gown.  She clutched her brown shawl from the cold and led them in.  “Good evening sir, you must be-”
“Lord Saffornichous,”  Azadar lied.  “My friend Haede and I are here to pick up the girls.”
Jaecar shrugged to himself,  I guess I'm Haede Winthrope.
“Yes sir, the Baron is in his study with them.  This way,” the woman led them to the main corridor.  They went up the stairs to the right and followed her through a hallway.  At the end, two great wooden doors were cracked open.  The faint light, like that of a fireplace flickered from the open slit as they heard raised voices.
“I see the Baron's having his fun with them before they leave,”  Azadar said with sarcasm as they were led into the study.
“Baron Bausio, Lord Saffornichous and a Mister Haede is with him,” the woman announced.
Azadar nearly paled as he could hear the little black haired girl cry and clasping her shoulders as the taller girl protected her from a calm faced man.
“Frisky little rascals aren't they, overlord?” the Baron smiled.
“So I've heard,” Azadar replied sullenly.  “Play time's over, Baron.  I have the documents as proof of custody, or ownership as one might put it, of these two girls.  My friend, Haede has documents as to Lea's last name, Winthrope, proving a danger to everyone in the A-K-Y let alone the tenants of the school.  I also know of his lordship's coffers that must be filled so I give you eight gold pieces and six silver pieces for each girl."
“So much trouble for two little girls, overlord?” the Baron sighed.  “I am not certain of the redhead, but let's just see if the little one recognizes you and if she doesn't...Well then you know what will happen.”
Azadar held his anger in check.  He didn't know what the Baron had done to her, all he knew was that she was craven and so filled with fear that she dared not leave her spot.  Azadar went to the redhead that protected her.
“With all due respect overlord-” Lea shouted fiercely.
“I see you have the loyalty and compassion of the Den Mother in Ecylich,” Azadar said smoothly as he whispered to her.  “If you please, may I see the cub and which you protect?”
Dumbfounded, she still held her position.  “I beg your pardon my lord but is this some kind of trick?”
“Lea,” Jaecar muffled.  “Please, I have not seen you throughout the whole of your life.  You do not recognize me, but Lord Saffornichous recognizes her.”
Tears began to well in her eyes.  She pushed aside the longing to raced her father's embrace to guard her friend.  “I'm sorry, Sire!  I can't-”
She was interrupted by a wrist in her grasp and the awkward proposal whispered in her ear.  “Should she scream from my presence, I grant you full permission to break my sword arm.”  She grabbed his wrist and pulled it behind him as she revealed Lilith standing, trembling.  Awkwardly, with his free hand, he brushed away her hair from her face and called her name.
“Lilith,” Lea asked quietly through tears.  “Is this him?  Is this the man that you have told me about?”
Her gray eyes blinked open.  Her vision was bleary with tears, as she saw him stand before her.  He was taller than she remembered and he no longer were the simple tunic and pants, but a long robe of turquoise and black.  However, she did recognize his shoulder length hair that was always tied back and the bright blue eyes that regarded her with concern.  She wrapped one arm around him lovingly, and was relieved that someone came for her.
“It's okay, Lea,”  Lilith answered.  “He's here.”
Lea released her grip and raced to Haede.
Jaecar no longer coughed.  He no longer gagged.  For some reason the girl that held him in a warming embrace.  Though he noticed that he could look more like her brother than her father.  He felt happy to release her from this place, he also felt a deep anger as dark gaze fell upon the Baron.
Azadar gazed back of the baron.  “That settles it.  Your money is before you, as well as the documents.  We best be going.”
The Baron's corpulent face became purple with rage, yet there was nothing he could do.  Defeated, the Baron dismissed them.  Azadar smiled darkly as he guided Jaecar and the two girls out.  As they entered the main hall, the familiar frail form of a woman emerged.  Her face twisted in a painful smile as she scoffed.
“The Baron's best children,”  the woman exclaimed, her voice consumed with annoyance.  “How lucky you two are!”
Clutching onto Haede's arm, Lea smiled darkly.  “Indeed we are lucky Jaana...”
Lady Jaana snorted derisively.  “Get out of my sight!” She raised a hand to Lea to chastise her.
Jaecar's left and shot to Lady Jaana's wrist, stunning her.  His eyes glittered from the darkness of his hood as though to suggest that her actions would not be wise.
“Come along, Haede, we needn't keep your family waiting,” Azadar chided.
Jaecar's gloved hand opened and he followed Azadar to the door.  The walk to their horses was deadly silent.  Lea had so many questions to ask Haede, though she was too nervous to start.  She cast a smiling glance at Lilith, but noticed as she was acting differently.  Her eyes were halfway closed, and she walked slowly.  Her half-closed gaze was straightforward and her face held no expression.
“Hey Lilith, what's-” Lea has started to reach over to her, but was pushed away.
“You have her now, Haede,” Azadar said, a twinge of sarcasm in his voice.  He pulled Lilith onto the saddle.  He mounted behind her and pulled the reins to steady his horse.  “As your reward, you may do with her as you wish.”
“What?” Lea and began, she looked to the hooded man.
“This girl is not her,” Jaecar began.  “She is hum-” Within moments, Jaecar felt a sharp pain wrack his skull.  He fell to his knees, and his body lurched and arched in painful convulsions.  The searing sensation fell down his spine, coursing into his body.  Confusion mixed with his growing fear.  He groaned in agony as he tried to stand.  His breathing was painful and short.  “W-w-what's happening?”
Lea was pushed to the ground with such force that her hands burrowed beneath the leaves of the forest floor.  Lea scramble to her feet against a tree.  She looked with stunned horror at the man she only knew as Haede.  The strange man had concealed every inch of his body with cloth was now changing right before her eyes.  His clothing tore away and littered the ground.  He stood on his hands...  She thought.  No, he standing on paws!  His skin became silvery fur and along great tail unfurled twitching in pain that wracked the creature's body.
“Poor little cub...  Deceived by her lies!” Azadar said softly.  He dismounted and approached Lea who was frozen with fright.  He effortlessly grabbed the girl by the throat and looked into her horror-stricken eyes.  A sneer crossed his face as he realized,  “You think you are human?”
“What am I?” Lea whispered, choking from his grip.  Her a eyes caught a small flash of light as he lifted his free hand and brought it back down.
Was that a dagger?  Her thought abruptly fell to a wracking pain.  Her blood-curdling scream resonated through the forest.  She looked down to see four gashes running along her arms, her body, and her legs.  Her skin peeled away from the four wounds clinging to the shreds of her clothing.
Azadar, satisfied by her expression, released his grip.  She fell hard on to the leaf-littered forest floor.  He walked past the newly formed cougar who now had his lip curled in a growl.  Mounting his horse, Azadar cast a last glance at the cougar preparing to pounce on his exposed prey, and in the distance, another flash of silver that made him smile.

The Halls of Judgment
Lea's scream nearly made Jaerethe's blood freeze.  General Daesar halted in his tracks from the shock.  Jaerethe darted to the arrogant smile that crossed Azadar's face as he vanished into the night.
“Quickly Daesar!” Jaerethe shouted as he dove out of range.
Snapping out of his daze, General Daesar picked up speed, searching fervently for his granddaughter.
Jaerethe glided along the forest floor.  His folded silvery wings caught fast draft.  Though he tried to search for Azadar, he could see Jaecar's seething gaze.  And as Jaecar released to pounce, Jaerethe collided into Jaecar, sending him toppling backwards against the thick oak tree.  Jaerethe lunged away before the tree's impact.
Jaecar whirled on Jaerethe, his vision was dark red and his mouth frothed.  “Let me do this, master...  Let me kill the one who killed my family.”
Jaerethe's eyes widened, infuriated and confused at Jaecar's behavior. “She is younger than you.  How can she kill your family?”
“I will deny them what they denied me-let me do this!” Jaecar lunged at the frightened girl.
Jaerethe pushed Jaecar hard to the side.  “She is not worth your rage, cub!” Jaerethe roared and pounced on to Jaecar, pinning him to the ground.
With a free paw Jaecar swiped Jaerethe's face, leaving four crimson lines along his left eye.  Jaerethe held strong, his blood fell upon the floor as his dark eyes held Jaecar's gaze.
General Daesar stopped before a body crumpled on the forest floor.  Lifting her to his gaze, confusion assailed him.  The body of his granddaughter was changed drastically.  She had been disguised as a human.
“Get her out of here!” Jaerethe roared, snapping General Daesar out of his thoughts.  “Bring her back to Tillathried, hurry!”
General Daesar gathered the girl's broken body into his arms and flew away.  Shreds of the false skin folded away to reveal patches of thin, spotted fur.  He wondered if the healers of Chapin Isles would know what to do.  However, Jaerethe did not tell him to go to Chapin.  Perhaps Jaerethe thought the girl would not survive the journey.
After several long moments of focusing his gaze on his apprentice, Jaerethe released a malevolent laugh that echoed throughout the forest.  Jaecar's blood ran cold at his master's laughter.
“Forgive me Jaecar,” Jaerethe said as he still chuckled but held his grip.  “I would have thought you of the two would have remembered your past together.”
“I do remember my own past,” Jaecar felt his hackles rise.  He growled, his fury peaking.
“You obviously do not remember her, therefore you do not remember your past with her,” Jaerethe replied coldly.
“You are implying that I shared my cub hood with the spawn of my murderers?”
Jaerethe smiled his long toothed grin, “You will understand soon enough.”
With one powerful swipe, Jaerethe flipped to Jaecar onto his stomach and grabbed him by the nape of his neck.  Jaecar's limbs locked close to his body in his tail curled between his legs.  Jaecar growled louder as he tried to regain control of his body, “Let me go..”
I shall be bringing you back like the cub you are!  Jaecar could hear Jaerethe's thoughts in his head.  Jaerethe's eyes glowed bright blue as he hummed inaudible words.  Jaecar fell into unconsciousness.  His body shrank.  His tail grew shorter, and his fur became lighter in color until it was off-white.  By the end of Jaerethe's incantation, he held Jaecar as a small kitten.  Jaerethe kept his grip on the kitten's scruff and flew into the night to rejoin Burtha and their new guest.
Jaecar, Jaerethe's thoughts whispered once again.
Master?  What's happening?
I have prepared a lesson for you.
*  *  *  *  *
Jaecar could not tell of his eyes were open, for all he could see was darkness.  He could hear a scratch of stone and suddenly he saw a dim light in the distance.  His vision cleared to see that a small cloaked creature was carrying a white flickering candle in its gnarled sect colored hand.  Another set of gnarled hands wrapped around Jaecar.
Be still Jaecar, you must wear their vestments, Jaerethe voice reassured him.
The hands disappeared and Jaecar felt heavy cloak around his shoulders.  He felt around for a hood and pulled it over his face out of habit.
“You are in the Halls of Judgment, acolyte,” a gurgling voice said.  “I am Heradryte Deacon Kherun, your guide.”
Jaecar assumed to the candle holding creature to be still far off into the hallway and was mildly amazed to find the knee high creature at his side.
“Come with me, for your master has given me his instructions,” Deacon Kherun commanded.
Jaecar obediently followed him, slowing his pace for the creature.
“Ghudduri has shown her compassion for her son by rescuing his very soul from these halls and brought him back into the realm of the living.  Her ending result is the high priest who teaches you to this day,”  Deacon Kherun began.  “You say your parents were killed by the parents of one whom you feel you have merely met and this conviction has no strength to it...  It is true that your mother was killed, by your father has saved your life as well by taking your soul from these halls and bringing you back into the realm of the living.  How can he do such a thing if he was dead?”  Deacon Kherun ceased walking to glare at Jaecar.
“My uncle has proclaimed his victory-”
“Your uncles fear him, insolent cub.  That is why they banished him and took you in to keep him tamed.  But he took you back to Tillathried and has named you his acolyte.  You have only called him Master.”
If Jaecar could breathe he would've gasped.  “Jaerethe is my-”
“But something has blocked that memory, and it is this reason that your father has put you into the Halls of Judgment.  You must convince your friend to live.  It is with her life that you will find out what happened to you so long ago.”
Jaecar one in to express shock, sorrow, anger, anything but was overcome with a wave of numbness that made him fall to his knees.
“You are in First Sleep like your friend,”  Deacon Kherun commented.  “Earthly attachments such as emotions and instincts do not exist here.  It is for that reason why you have no fear and reaction is dulled.”
The deacon walked further to a wooden door that was cracked open.  He pushed it open further to show Jaecar a naked body suspended by millions of white ribbons wrapped around its body like a long white gown.  His hands were outstretched and his legs were bound together.  His head was lolled to one side.  Below the being were twelve cloaked beings like the deacon.  Eight of the twelve were chanting with inaudible guttural sounds, and the remaining four were hacking away at the ribbons.
“This human is on the verge of Second Sleep,” the deacon said.  “The Heradryte monks below him our severing his Strands of Memory, each strand is an instance of his past, his once present, and his never becoming future.  The twelve monks are summoning his Judgment Shroud where he will no longer have an identity.  He will be a Shroud in the land of the dead until he is harvested and judged based on his life and by his deity he worshiped.  If his deity finds that he has lived to his standards, then it will take him into his paradise, but if neither deity takes him, he will forever wander.  You must use your friend's strands to unlock her truth to save her from a fate far worse than death...  That is, if you can before they finish severing her strands.”
“Where is she?” Jaecar demanded.
“She is in the next room, the monks will come to her when they finish with him,” the deacon showed him to the next room.

Jaerethe slumped back against the bed, his strength ebbing.  Along with the tedious task of peeling away the Feliskin's false skin, Jaerethe's mind buzzed with questions for General Daesar.
General Daesar toiled alongside Jaerethe, careful to follow his exact instructions while the pygmy troll Burtha cleaned and bound the wounds.
“She donna luk lek 'ne,” Burtha wiped her brow as she tried to make sense of the body.  “Fek sken?”
“Someone wanted to make sure she wouldn't be found,” Jaerethe uttered.  Bringing a bloodied hand to his face, he sighed.  “And they almost accomplished that goal.”
“So we are blessed that Phinen found her?” General Daesar said bitterly.  Pulling back the false skin at the left side of her stomach, he cut three of the thinner vessels.
“Yes, and before Jaecar could deliver his killing blow,” Jaerethe glanced at the infantile cub curled up near the fireplace.
“Wha' happen' te him?” Burtha followed Jaerethe's gaze to the fireplace.
Jaerethe returned to the girl's right side.  “He is with her, in the Halls of Judgment.  Her fate is no longer in my hands, but her own.  Both will remember their cub hoods in Ecylich Woodlands.”

Lea neither knew if she was asleep nor dead.  She had no power over her body.  All she could feel was cold, and her visage was only of darkness at first.  She lifted her gaze slightly to the sound of a large wooden door creaking open on rusted hinges.  A small flickering candle was held by a shorter person cloak from head to toe in what she thought were holy vestments of the clergy.  Another, taller person wearing the same cloak followed the smaller person.  However the smaller person waited in the doorway as the taller figure walked toward her.  The figure stopped only a few steps before her.  But as she saw that she noticed it was shorter than her view.  The shorter figure closed the door, and light shone down in the room.  As she stared at the remaining cloaked figure, she was drawn to the room which add millions of strands a cover for body in a bright white gown.  She could not see her outstretched arms, she could not see her legs bound tightly together.  She thought she was simply taller than the being...without knowing that she was suspended high above him.
The being gazed behind himself for a moment and turned his dark in gaze back to work.  With one hand he pulled away the hood of his cloak to reveal his face.
To be continued...
Author's Note
A tidbit about me, the author: I grew up in a little town called Dothan, Alabama where I was inspired to write more fervently when I reached high school age.  This is among my first books published and I hope to have many more out in the near future.  Though most of my tales involve cats (no pun intended), I do love dogs and most other animals too.  I live with my husband in California (that would have been a cliche where I grew up but it is true), and my time is spent writing or gaming, or entertaining Zoey (my little Maine coon/Rag Doll angel).  Friend/Follow me on Facebook if you wish for upcoming books at :https://www.facebook.com/brianna.clayton.545.
Special Thanks
A special thanks to all of you readers who dove into my little world as well as my husband Terry who brightened my world.  I also would like to thank family, friends and coworkers:  Ashley; Bonnie; Rosanna, Travis, Megan, MommaConnie (mother-in-law), Brenda (aunt), Tony (uncle), Nina (aunt), the entire side of my husband's family that have shown me a lot of love and support; my nieces Laura, Cassie, Ally, baby Russ (nephew); Michael (Grandpa); Miriam (Aunt Betty); Judy (aunt); actually all of the Michaels in my family since there's a lot of them; Marge (aunt); Marc; high school friends: Kara, Dianne, Elana, Rachel (you guys rocked the school world!),Amanda, Stevie, Anne, Jacob, Krog; coworkers: Elaina, Rhiannon, Sierra, Justin, Alvina; and neighbors: Roberta (gurus eat your hearts out), Dave, Katie, Jason, Ben and McKinzie.  For those of you not listed, my apologies and thank you to the people across the way via gaming.  A humble thanks for your support and your time!  I hope you enjoyed this little adventure and the ones to come!

Many greetings to the guilds (MMOs) who kept me:  Corruption, HidPro, Infinity!, KoS, and KoA

And to those who have left this world to their better place:
Robert Anthony Rodarte, Terry E. Clayton I, Bonnie Rodarte, James “Loudeath” Asbury
May you rest in peace.
Archived Knowledge from the Book of Jaericho (Bestiary, History, Character Information)
Characters
Baron Paul Bausio
A former nobleman of Zerranata with peculiar taste in company.  He funded the creation and owns The Baron's Boarding School for Girls in his new place of residence, A*K*Y.
Further description:  A rotund, middle-aged man who relishes his wealth upon his foundlings as well as himself.  He is typically dressed in silken vests over plain linen shirts, brown or black breeches and silver buckled black boots.  His graying hair is slicked back with fragrant oils to also cover his bald spots.
Burtha Bagglehopper
One among the oldest Pygmy Trolls in Adamar.  She is a hospitable healer and faithful keeper of the exiled Winthropes in Tillathried.
Further description:  Orange skin covers her thick, hearty musculature.  Her clothing of choice are humble, oversized tunics that she wears as a gown.  She stands at the unusually tall height (for a pygmy troll) at 3'6”.  Her curled mane of lighter orange hair is kept at bay by a leather strap or linen ribbon.
Chieftain Ghaust/Pale Stalker
Leader of the Grengan Feliskins.  He is the youngest of the four leaders that govern the various groups of Feliskins.  He is a warrior of brute force despite his lithe build.  He is the father of Daeyur.
Further description:  His cheetah markings are golden blonde spots against white fur.  As further protection from the desert sun, he and his kind are never truly naked and are wrapped in what looks like linen bindings over the arms, upper torso, legs, and neck.  His bindings are hidden by thick brown woolen cloaks for diplomatic purposes or “clothing”.
Clansyre Taer Winthrope
Leader of the Winthrope Clan.  He usurped the title from the original Clansyre Jaerethe Winthrope.  He claims to be the only father of Leona Winthrope.  Under his rule, he maintains a strict number of females, and those that are surplus are exiled to Ambeigh.  His hatred for Jaerethe Winthrope leads to insidious plans, unholy alliances, and slow destruction of all Feliskins.
Further description:  He has the tawny coloring of a cougar and is broad of muscle.  Like many of the Winthropes under his rule, he maintains his “feral”, non-humanoid form, only shifting into his humanoid form when he seeks audience with the Feliskin leaders  or humans.
Daeyur/Queen Adaera
Daughter of Chieftain Ghaust.  When she is cub-napped by Clansyre Taer Winthrope, her father becomes inconsolable and succumbs to a madness that nearly wipes out all Akrhyn and Grengan Feliskins.  During her different captures, she becomes a trophy of war to King Dagaeros where she eventually catches the attention of the young Prince Gadaeros, future king of Chapin.
Further description:  She retained her mother's jaguar markings, but her father's extraordinary coloring of blonde spots against white fur.
Daie Tydre
Younger cub of the Tydre family.  She is among the first to find the fallen General Daesar in this tale.
Further description:  Like all in the Tydre family, she has black stripes against brown fur.  Her black and brown mane is braided back to show the definite striped coloring.  At the time of this tale she is eight years old, two years away from “voyager age.”
Dalida Gorgen/Lady Dalida
The nicer of the two headmistresses.  She teaches the girls of the boarding school how to cook and how to plant certain plants in their communal gardens.
Further description:  She has a similar round build to the Baron, but with definite motherly features.  She wears the standard black woolen dress with a white sash and apron to identify herself as a headmistress.  Her long, dirty blonde hair is kept in a neat and tight bun atop her head.
Deacon Kherun
Jaecar's guide in the Halls of Judgment.  He tends to souls by severing their strands of memory, escorting the souls into their chamber, or escorting the Shroud into the land of the dead.
Further description:  He wears the blood red cloaks of the Heradryte Order, his gargoyle-like features are typically shrouded in the darkness of his hood.
Den Mother Kaedra Winthrope
Daughter of General Daesar.  She was cub-napped with Daeyur but kept in Ecylich Woodlands to be Clansyre Taer's mate.  When she was severed, she became brainwashed to believe that she was born a Winthrope and to hate all Grengan Feliskins.  She is the mother of Leona Winthrope.
Further description:  She has snow-leopard markings and stays in her feral form at all times.
Drethar Winthrope
Son of Kaedra and Taer Winthrope.  When Jaecar Winthrope, known to them as “Chole”, was reclaimed by Jaerethe Winthrope, Taer decided to groom and train Drethar to be Jaerethe's killer.
Further description:  He is a lighter blonde cougar with a similar build to his father and his mother's ice blue eyes.
Elder Faedin Tydre
Patriarch of the Tydre Family.
Further description:  He has black and brown tiger markings and is typically dressed in polished seal leather armor.
Emerald “Emera” Jhones
Sponsor of Lea Winthrope and Lilithlien Attenduin. She is responsible for taking the two girls under her wing before suddenly disappearing.
Further description: A tall, sinewy, odd-spirited teenager with red and black streaked hair.  She wore the typical boarding school girl uniform of a black woolen dress. 
General Daesar/Daus/Daus of the Two Sickles
Leader of the Chapin military forces and trusted adviser to the current King Gadaeros.  He grew up in the house of the Grengan Chieftain with the young Prince Ghaust.  In this tale, he returns to the main continent of Adamar in the hopes to retrieve his only family, his granddaughter Leona Winthrope.
Further description:  A gray speckled jaguar wearing the linen arm bindings of the Grengan cheetah with the Akrhyn scout armor to signify peace between the two groups.
Haede Winthrope
Assistant to Clansyre Taer Winthrope.  He is responsible for maintaining alliances between humans known as “harvesters”.  In this tale, he severs Leona Winthrope's Heart Line and brings her to A*K*Y to live under the disguise of a human.
Further description:  Far shorter and huskier than Clansyre Taer.  His fur is blood red.
Heather
One among many bullies of Lilith and Lea.
Further description: A girl very well endowed with two thick, blonde braids.
His Majesty
The nomenclature for the creator of all things in the books' universe.
Horace Bausio
Brother of the Baron and owner of the Zerranata tavern known as Locke's Place.
Further description:  Similar build to the Baron but thick of muscle, barrel chested.  Unlike his brother, Horace typically wears the stained apron and loose woolen vestments of a tavern owner.
Jaana Hestein/Lady Jaana
The older of the two headmistresses.  She is responsible for keeping the records of all the girls and grading the progress of their studies.  Though she is trusted with the Baron's secrets and history, she wonders what he does to his special guests behind the doors of his study.
Further description:  Her black and white vestments drape over her bone thin frame.  Her piercing gaze and stray strands of her silver hair that wreathe her weathered face render many of the girls helpless in fear.
Jaecar Winthrope
Younger of the two exiled Winthropes.  In this tale, he finds out his true relation to his teacher and tries to piece together his shattered past.
Further description:  A dull gray coat with nine white stripes and eyes that interchange from blue to green.
Jaerethe Winthrope
The older of the two exiled Winthropes.  He is the first Feliskin created by Lady Ghudduri and intended Clansyre of the Winthrope Clan.  He teaches Jaecar everything that he knows about life, and in this tale, he tries to let Jaecar witness his shattered past instead of tell him.
Further description:  His coat shines like silver and because he is blessed as Lady Ghudduri's son, he flies on silvery wings.  He is proficient at both his humanoid and feral form and, once enraged, can transform into a dire cat.  He has violet or wine-colored eyes depending on his mood.
Janreigh
A Slepnir also known in Akrhyn Legend as the Western Wind.  She carries Jaerethe on journeys from time to time.
Further description: An eight-legged gray mare of titanic size.
King Dagaeros
Father of King Gadaeros and once ally of Chieftain Ghaust.  [His name is mentioned in this tale but he has no other interference with Leona's story.]
Lady Anne
She patrols the halls of the boarding school at night to ensure the safety of the sleeping denizens. [Her name is mentioned in this tale but is otherwise not present in this story.]
Lady Ghudduri/Lady of the Moon
Angelic servant tied to the moon.  She adopts Jaerethe Winthrope when he was a cub.
Further description:  She appears in the mortal realm as a woman with skin the color of night and with hair that sparkles like stars.  She wears a white silk gown with various intricate patterns in blue thread of the constellations.
Lauren “Laurie” Khael
One of the only few friends of Lilith and Lea.  She looks up to the two girls and tries to stay by their side through their adventures during their morning and afternoon breaks.
Further description:  Her light brown locks, though tied back in ribbons, constantly bounce with her high energy.  Her tiny face animates in extreme when she is emotional.
Lea Winthrope
Brought into the boarding school as a toddler. She retains her fiery rebelliousness from Emera.  Her height keeps her friends, Lilith and Laurie, in a constant shadow.  Her raw strength and tenacity makes her an outcast among the other girls, but despite those traits, she has a gentle nature that is only opened around close friends.
Further description:  A tall girl with lithe musculature.  Her closely cropped red hair veils a thin red line streaked across her face.
Leona Winthrope
Granddaughter of General Daesar and daughter of Kaedra and Taer Winthrope who disappears mysteriously.  Because she was ever present during Jaecar's cub hood in Ecylich Woodlands, she is the key to uncovering Jaecar's past.
Further description:  Her fur has gray snow-leopard markings and she has bright blue eyes like her mother.
Lilithlien Attenduin
Friend and bed sister to Lea Winthrope.  She enters the boarding school at the age of eight.
Further description:  Far smaller and shorter than her friend with a similarly youthful face.  She has long black hair and blue eyes.
Little Serenity
Founded by Rauksye in Ambeigh, this Feliskin female protects the gypsy caravan.
Further description:  Her fur is blood red in color and she has the markings of a cougar.  Rauksye and the other gypsies spoil the Feliskin with blue or teal silken gowns.
Lord Phinen/Angel of War
Angelic servant of war.  His interference in the world leads to calamities and adventures of the characters.
Further description:  He appears in the mortal realm with the lower half of a black dragon and the torso of a black armored knight.  
Overlord Saffornichous/Lord Saf/Azadar
Azadar disguised himself as a human to hide from Lord Phinen and find a specific individual in A*K*Y.  His persona of Overlord Saffornichous won the hearts of the Zerranata citizens, and the charismatic overlord became the new leader of the farming town.
Princess Laera/Princess Laeress
Daughter of King Gadaeros.
Raedir Tydre
Older son of the Tydre patriarch.
Rauksye
Leader of the Gypsies of the Elements.
Relogniphin
Azadar's faithful steed.
Zheraner
A Slepnir that carried Jaecar on his adventures.

Races/Social Groups:
Akrhyn Feliskins
These are the Feliskins of the Chapin Isles led by King Gadaeros.  The markings of these Feliskins are primarily tiger stripes but come in an array of colors such as black, red, white, brown, gray and blonde.
Language:  Though they do have their own dialect and language they primarily speak Common with an islander accent.
Druids of Tillathried
An order of humans that resided in Tillathried.
Feliskins
A Celestial-touched race of humanoids with the features, markings, and abilities of wild cats.  The shorter of this race are the Winthrope Clan that choose their feral forms, followed by the Calzyn Clan standing in their humanoid form at 5'2”; the Akrhyn Feliskins at 6'4-6'6” and finally the Grengan Feliskins towering at over 7' tall.
Grengan Feliskins
These Feliskins reside in the Grengan Desert and are ruled by Chieftain Ghaust.  They are the spotted group with cheetah, jaguar, or ocelot markings.  The ones with cheetah markings are known for their speed and endurance and are also the tallest among the group.
Language: Various phrases dot this story with their language, and, like the Akrhyn, they do speak Common.  However, their accent is far stronger, hence the way Chieftain Ghaust speaks.  Their voices and dialect sound like a combination of Russian and Dutch.
Gypsies of the Elements
Humans and many races among the main continent of Adamar that have flocked together to pay tribute to the Elemental Demons.  They hold festivals, primarily during autumn and spring, to give thanks for the balance in the world.
Heradryte Monks
An order of monks on the Celestial Plane with the purpose of harvesting and preparing souls in the stead of Mortë.
Khanin
A Celestial-touched race of humanoids with the characteristics, markings and abilities of wild dogs and wolves.
Pygmy Trolls
A sparse race born to serve and protect.
Slepnir
Eight-legged horses with the legends of being the directional winds.
Tydre Family
A family of Akrhyn Feliskins who take their pilgrimage to Lunar Lake during this tale.
Winthrope Clan
Feliskins living in the Ecylich Woodlands that are known to be among the most dangerous.  Led by Clansyre Taer Winthrope.
Chieftain
A title among the Grengan Feliskins given to the leader.
Clansyre
A title in the Winthrope Clan given to the patriarch and leader.
Den Mother
A title in the Winthrope Clan given to the favored female.

Geography/Cities/Places:
Adamar
The main continent setting of this story.
A*K*Y
A seedy, neutral port city.
Ambeigh
The swamplands below The Tools.  Once the original home of the Akrhyn Feliskins long ago, now the exiled females of the Winthrope Clan are abandoned on the mossy hills.
Ambrose Ocean
The ocean to the west.
Ambrose Pass/Pilgrim's Pass
A maze of underwater caverns linking the main Chapin Island of Gaeros to the northeastern shore of Adamar.
Amer
The larger, secondary continent.
Celestial Plane
The heavenly plane where angels reside with His Majesty.
Chapin Isles
A vast island chain north east of Adamar.
Crystal Hall
The resting quarters of Lady Ghudduri on the Celestial Plane.
Ecylich Woodlands
The largest forest on the northern half of Adamar.
Eightfold River
The river that cuts the continent of Adamar in half, stretching from the northwest corner to the southeast corner.
Grenga Desert
The desert at the center of Adamar.
Halls of Judgment
A set of chambers on the Celestial Plane used to house, judge and keep souls of every living thing.
Lunar Lake
A lake to the south of Tillathried said to be created by Lady Ghudduri and is also the place of Jaerethe's reincarnation.
The Baron's Boarding School for Girls
A vast mansion used to house, groom and teach orphan girls in A*K*Y
Tela
The western human kingdom.
The Tools
The mountain ring protecting Tillathried.
Tillathried
A mountain valley that is home to the exiled Winthropes.
Zerranata
Northeastern farming town.
Zherim
The southeastern human kingdom.

States of Mind/Ethereal:
Closure
The cure for Severance which can be typically be done by facing the cub that was severed, or facing the one who severed the cub.  Each type of closure is different for each father.
First Sleep
This occurs when the soul is first harvested, escorted into the Halls of Judgment and then suspended by the Strands of Memory.  
Second Sleep
The preparation of the shroud.  Second Sleep occurs when a major portion of the strands are cut.
Severing Sickness/Severance
An ailment that befalls the fathers if their cubs have their Heart Lines severed too early.  Each ailment is different for each father, and with fathers of larger families, the symptoms are more mild such as headaches or mild lapses of depression.

Miscellaneous:
Mis eidif
A phrase in the Grengan language meaning: “My Brother.”  It is a term of endearment among families.
Erleif dendai audenir
A blessing in the Grengan language meaning: “Begin heart's peace.”  Grengan clerics and priests use this blessing for vigilantes, assassins and for tactics of war deemed “not honorable”.
Mis aedis eidif
A phrase in the Grengan language meaning: “My faithful brother.”  This term is a more intimate, respectful phrase of endearment meant to keep brotherly bonds strong during strife.
Uyis
A word in the Grengan language meaning: “Yes.” or “Aye.”
Klekti eisauf
A phrase in the Grengan language meaning:  “To feet.” or “Get up.”  This is short command to prepare the movement of troops and escort.
Heart Line
A Feliskin strand that holds the crucial memories of a cub's first twelve years of life; the Mother's Line; the Father's Line; and the line to an identity that cannot be suppressed.  Once the cub reaches twenty years in age, the father can choose to sever this line without succumbing to Severance or Severing Sickness.
Blood Sire Line
A Feliskin strand linking a cub to a sire in which the mother drinks the blood of the sire while she is still pregnant.
Leger of Neutrality
An agreement signed by all of the northern and central kingdoms of Adamar to further cement A*K*Y's identity as a neutral, “ungoverned” city.
Autumn Festival
A festival held by the Gypsies of the Elements every year during the autumn typically with circus-like attractions and activities.
Ophioid Elixir
An oddly sweet elixir used as a sedative and paralysis potion.
Strands of Memory
Millions of thin silken threads wrapped around the soul's body.  Each thread is a part of the soul's past, present at the time of death, or elusive future based on all theoretical decisions and circumstances in that being's lifetime.
Judgment Shroud
An ethereal cloth used to remove the identity of the soul after Second Sleep.
A.iC.
The age one thousand years after the first cataclysm: The Deluge

A Peek of What's to Come:
Jaecar's hollow voice echoed in the chamber amidst the whispers of clipped strands that held the soul in place.  “May I have access to this creature's memory?”
“You may,” croaked Deacon Kherun.  “But to only look upon that which has yet to be severed.  Once they are gone, however, no amount of intervention will give you what you seek.”
Choose wisely, Jaecar remembered Jaerethe's warning.  Jaecar stepped further into the chamber, standing beneath the feet of the suspended soul.  His outstretched hand wrapped around a thick, blood colored ribbon with frayed edges.  His eyes followed the strand to see that it wrapped once around her speckled throat and around her face.
The Heart Line, Jaecar thought, denied the emotion of surprise at how easy the line would be found.
“Ah,” Deacon Kherun sighed.  “The Heart Line.  It holds her most poignant memories...even those that have been repressed.  This is her truth, her destiny.  What could you possibly want with such a line?”
“His Eminence is curious as to which ends I could meet with this soul's knowledge?” Jaecar tried to ask humbly.  “This experience?”
The thin ribbons began to slowly turn and twist, their growing speed created winds within the chamber.  Jaecar held onto the Heart Line which suddenly lifted him away.
“The strands are awakened my brothers!” Deacon Kherun outstretched his arms.  “She fights to seek her truth.  She fights together with Jaecar Winthrope!”
The blades fell from the acolytes' grasps.  The strands of memory sank back into the suspended soul.  As the winds grew stronger, the haze that held Jaecar's emotions in check cleared.  A cold fear gripped the young Feliskin, turning his vision red.  The object, no, the very being that would solve his life's puzzle was going to the cosmos.  Ribbons wrapped around Jaerethe's left wrist and throat, pulling him closer to the soul's visage.
Ground her, Jaecar could hear Jaerethe's command.  She is being launched into wandering and she will take you with her if you do not keep her grounded...
