STUNNING SHORT STORIES
of FANTASY and
SCIENCE FICTION

Alethea Eason
Kris Neri
E J Randolph
Kate Rauner

Copyright 2020


Table of Contents

Introduction
The Flax Fields
Alethea Eason
Hocus Pocus on Friday the 13th
Kris Neri
The Delivery
EJ Randolph
Jupiter Diving
Kate Rauner
The Looking Glass
Alethea Eason
My Sidekick, Jules
Kris Neri
Psy Corps
EJ Randolph
Time Curves
Kate Rauner
Easy Links to Our Authors
Alethea Eason
Kris Neri
E J Randolph
Kate Rauner
Author Biographies
Contact the Authors
Copyright and License Notes


INTRODUCTION


Welcome to our worlds. Here's a taste of each tale in this book.
~~~
There was stories my ma heard from her grandmothers about the reaping of the young, but the songs and soft tunes of the lutes carried over the fields at eventide blended with the buzz of the flies and the robins. The shade of birch trees turned these tales into just bad dreams of an ancient time.
The Flax Fields
Alethea Eason
~~~
Friday the 13th — a date when disasters pile up like cars in fog-bound freeway crashes. If I’ve learned anything from experience, it’s that anything can happen on that cursed day. And this was the worst of all the 13s. Also, most likely, my last. A terrorist’s bomb — in my hands! — was about to blow us all to Smithereens, wherever the hell that was. Just because I’d insisted Friday the 13th wasn’t any unluckier than any other date, and, yeah, because I claimed I chatted with the dead. Colossal whoppers even for me.
Hocus Pocus on Friday the 13th
Kris Neri
~~~
My companion blew a puff through his long, trunk-like nose as we wound our way past tall, crumbling red-brick warehouses. "Those humans are staring at us."
"Not at me. You. I’m a human woman. You’re a seven-foot male Varnier. Of course they’re staring. Don’t see too many of your kind on Federation planets since the war, even on a cosmopolitan entrepot like Bellasport."
The Delivery
E J Randolph
~~~
Descent proceeding smoothly. Amalthea's ice crust is vaporizing as expected, creating a meter-wide hole exactly the diameter of my nacelle. I blew quite a geyser dropping the first ten meters. The lander has great pictures. The vapor's refreezing above me now, closing the hole as I go. But the nano-cable is deploying without a hitch, so comms are full-copy. At the current rate of descent, the plutonium-238 source in my butt should melt through all twenty kilometers of ice in..."
"Pause." Kelly set down her portable interface and glared across the mess hall table at Roger. "Without a hitch? In my butt? You tampered with this report."
Jupiter Diving
Kate Rauner
~~~
One day the two of them sat on a grassy knoll that rose in front of the cottage, sunning themselves while Marta mended a hole in a fishing net. Elena watched Marta work and thought how the trees looked almost human as they danced at night. Then, for the first time, she wondered if Marta and she were really all alone.
"Are there any other people besides you and me?"
Marta didn’t look up. "Not in this world."
"Then how did we get here?"
The Looking Glass
Alethea Eason
~~~
An earthquake went off in my chest. Aftershocks convulsed me. Repeatedly. Followed, finally, by the sound of relieved sighs.
Then, I awoke in such a dense fog, I couldn’t see a thing.
Awoke? Had I been sleeping?
I stumbled through the fog. From somewhere, a boy’s voice called, “Mama?”
He wasn’t calling me. Brady and I had wanted kids, and it crushed us that they never came. We had rescued a puppy once called Jules, whom we’d loved dearly. And if you think it’s wrong to love a dog like a child, you don’t know anything — unless what you know is that dogs leave too soon. After the disappointment of losing Jules, we buried ourselves in work — Brady in criminal law, and me, real estate. Now, our marriage was more like a habit that neither of us cared enough to break.
“Mama, I declare, you’re as jumpy as a long-tailed polecat under a big ol’ rocker.”
My Sidekick, Jules
Kris Neri
~~~
"You won't pass the test." My brother Torondo shot me an evil grin from his side of the well-worn, scratched kitchen tabletop.
I squinted at him. "Yes, I will." I dug my spoon into my oatmeal and slurped milk and cereal.
"Gross." Torondo scrunched his face at me. "You have no manners."
I jumped up and grabbed my jacket. "The examiners won't care how I eat. Only if I can use the psy box. You know I can."
He snorted. "Once they see you in action and realize you don't need the psy box, they'll bounce you so hard, you won't have an ass anymore."
The Psy Corps
E J Randolph
~~~
Michael took a step away from his lab bench, careful not to jostle any equipment, before turning toward the interloper.
His wife, Abby, stopped at the lab door. She always complained about his unshielded experiments and stood far away. "Michael, still hard at it?"
He started a deep breath, but it burned in his chest, and he suppressed a cough that would only lead Abby to fuss. "I thought you were going to a movie tonight."
"I did. It's over. Are you ready to come home?"
He tugged at his worn white coat in irritation. "I can't. I taught late classes and only started a little while ago. I'm almost ready to run the first test."
Time Curves
Kate Rauner


THE FLAX FIELDS
Alethea Eason


My red rooster had been crowing for two hours now, and so I were awake, drinking my tea and looking over a frosted windowsill toward the hills and the abbey, wishing my ma could still be with me to offer her council, for I sorely needed her advice.
As a young woman, Ma had been sent to the fields to cut the flax and then to work at the abbey. There, she'd had so much work piled on her, down in the dismal rooms where the likes of us be sent to slave away for the priests, so high and mighty they was, whose robes always needed mending. Added to that, all the stitching of the hems of the fine linen that the nuns wove drove her nearly blind, it did.
I got my beginning in the flax fields when life still kissed Ma sweetly, her lying between the stalks as the sun left the sky on a July evening with Tom from Thomashire, a young hired man. Or it might have been John Smythe from Gladdington, another young lad whose eye she'd caught. It don't matter as I never knew either of my possible fathers.
There was stories my ma heard from her grandmothers about the reaping of the young, but the songs and soft tunes of the lutes carried over the fields at eventide blended with the buzz of the flies and the robins. The shade of birch trees turned these tales into just bad dreams of an ancient time.
My ma said that the attention of her two courtiers was like liquor to her, but one day they both kissed her hand, bid adieu, and never passed through our village again. She always smiled when she talked of them, and I don't begrudge her a summer of happiness.
I had my summer in the flax as well. My young man were called Tom, too. I loved looking at our arms laced together as we lay in the soft tills, cool by the stocks of flax, my skin honey-brown against his, the shade of an indigo sky. His hair were the color of russet leaves, and his silver earrings tickled my neck.
To get the best fiber from flax, you got to harvest it while the plant's still green. Ma were green, herself, in her summer, as I were in mine. I had me my own girl child who I gave the name Autumn, born with her father's russet hair and my honey colored skin. And it were because of her that I be up so early, letting that red rooster pester me out of a warm bed.
Ma died the winter before Autumn turned four, and as it be with us common folk, what little powers she had came rightfully to me. She were barely cold in the grave when I'd find myself stirring under the new moon and go out plucking rashbone and fiddleneck, or talking to some dead ol' auntie of the brewer's, whose son was kind but slow witted. I'd be delivering messages or making tinctures all the next day, rain or shine, didn't matter.
There was folks with greater power who did greater good or grief. No matter to me, but the strange thing of it were that as wee as she be, my daughter began to know things that she shouldn't have until I'd followed my ma across the fields. She'd listen to the sound of wild geese and predict an early snow, or say that her grandma had come in the middle of the night to tell her that there was rot in our goat Bessy's left front hoof.
I lifted up Bessy's leg and smelled the rot before I saw it. "Why don't Ma tell me herself?"
Autumn hunched her little shoulders. "Don't know."
One Sunday after Mass, as we was walking out of the church, Autumn ran up to Elder Goverlund and took his hand.
"You could get rid of these warts if you'd just wash in the milk of a mare a week after she's foaled." She then gave him a very pretty curtsy, something I never taught her. Weren't no reason. Who'd we curtsy to?
I scooped her away as I apologized to the old man.
Not a month later, before Mass this time, as we was walking up the steps, Elder Goverlund tipped his hat.
"Well, now, little miss." Putting his hat back on his head, he held out his hands, palms up and then down. Not a wart to be seen. "You've learned well by your dear ma for someone so small."
After he went into the church, I took my daughter by the arm and pulled her into the graveyard until we was standing at my ma's stone.
As much as Autumn were sunlight and music to me, there was a twist in my stomach and an ache in my heart. "What's this about? Did your grandma speak to you about Elder Goverlund's warts?"
Autumn's eyes was the color of tea brewed black in its cup. She looked round the graves, and then back at me. "No, Ma, it wasn't her this time." She pointed to where Tandy Woodhouse had rested for ten years. "She told me."
My hair tingling at the root beneath my cap. "She speaks to you?"
Her little head bobbed up and down. "They all do. And sometimes the birds, and once a mouse I caught making a nest in one of the kettles."
After mass, I asked Elder Goverlund not to mention what Autumn had done, for the sake of a little girl who didn't need to be bothered by villagers with warts and afflictions.
When he didn't return my gaze, I knew trouble were on the way.
One evening right before Autumn was turned six, sitting on the chamber pot in the room we slept, she announced that a grand man in a black robe with fancy lace at his collar were coming to call the next day. And so, I'd been up with the rooster's call, knowing we was having a visit.
Sure enough, at seven o'clock sharp our door received a brisk knock, and then the Abbot walked in without the manners to be asked. First thing I noticed were the liver spots on his hands. If I'd liked him better, I would have offered to get rid of them. Instead, I wondered what he were doing calling at my cottage with the chicken shit in the yard and the three half-wild geese that kept the curs and vagabonds away.
I glance out. The geese rocked like they was all drunkards, not a one had tried to bite the holy bottom of the Abbot.
Autumn had crawled out of her trundle bed that lay next to mine. I picked her up and held her small warm body close to mine. I felt myself witch inside, ready to throw a spell to protect my daughter, but all my knowing that Ma taught me floated away like dandelion puff.
The Abbot, wily as he were, simply smiled. "This is the girl then."
I were powerless by the hexing of his smile. I watched myself hand Autumn to him as though my soul be hanging from the rafters. Yet, my body standing there all frozen and still, felt like it be minced, my heart paining me like a hundred knives been pushed through its core.
At least he gave me the grace to go with her, even though, unlike Ma, I had no talent with needle or thread. He figured I'd be less trouble that way, I suppose.
She never did cry, my little girl, whenever I were let to be with her, a few minutes a day in the vegetable patch, or in the quick glances we'd snatch while I was on my knees scrubbing floors. Best times was when she be allowed to come down to the scullery where I'd be peeling potatoes or the like, and she'd sit on a stool eating a pasty cake Cook would hand to her.
I once raised my eyes to the ceiling. "What goes on up in those upper rooms?"
An impish grin formed on Autumn's face. "I cannot tell you, Ma."
Two mice scurried out of their holes. Wooden spoons rose from the counter and paddle their bottoms like they was little tykes until one ran through an open door and the orange scullery cat pounced on the other.
I tried to sound approving. "Hmm, I suppose what you be learning is of some use."
But visits became rarer, and when Autumn did come down to me, I'd take note how she'd grown taller and how her cheeks lost their roundness. The more and more distant she became until she never visited at all. When I'd try to catch her eye if we were to pass in a hallway, there were no hint she remembered that I were Ma to her. That would be the times I'd be wondering what had happened to our little farm and missing my own ma.
Then one day I seen Autumn donned in the black linen walking in a line with her eyes to the floor with the other nuns, her robe whispering its spell with theirs.
Over the years, I tried to listen to the secrets the robes held, but all I heard was a scramble of noise like the squawking of geese far off in the sky. I had no gift for interpretation, but the old stories ran through my mind of how the linen held secrets from the thousand-year-old fields. The abbey used to spill the blood of the young workers, which gave the flax the power to open the voices of our ancestors. And since then, they'd been listening, listening, writing down what they heard, mining secrets of the past when the whole world, it was said, had been doused with magic.
We simple folk was told in Mass that the abbey worked for all of us so that our meek existences would be remembered once we was laid in our graves. I sometimes wondered if that might be a curse, our lives was such petty things. Why would I want to recall the callouses on my hand or the heartbreak of having a gifted child taken from me?
The Abbot preached that his glory was our glory, and the abbey's power was the people's power because it held the memories of all of our ancestors. The more stories of the dead he knew, the better he could guide what would become of our future.
But what really happened through the years was that he grew younger, though we was all too afraid to gossip about it. I'd scrubbed near his door enough times to smell something rich and iron-like wafting from it.
Early one morning before even the mice was awake, a monk came to the scullery to plead to Cook to give him some provisions as he were planning to escape.
"The Abbot uses this place for his own vanity," he told us. "I will not be part of it anymore."
As I watched him scramble over the wall clutching a bag of vittles that Cook kindly gave him, my heart trembled for my Autumn and the things she must be privy to in that horrible room.
During harvest, Cook and I was up long before the cock crowed fixing up the midday meals for the workers. Autumn's time in the fields was coming about. I wanted to tell Cook, "What a shame it is that Autumn won't have her own merry season, find a handsome lad her own age to lie the summer with. What a shame she already wears the whispering robes and her work-smock will stay laced in the sweet night air."
But I kept my lips sealed on this, my Autumn, my skillful one, the Abbot's prize. I would do nothing to put her in danger, though I still gathered a few of my own charms on a rare night when most of the abbey were asleep. The conjuring of a scullery maid would make no more impact than a leaf landing on the roof, but I wanted to do what little I could to protect her.
On a hot day when my sweat dripped to the spots I'd just scrubbed in the great hallway, Autumn walked right past me as though I was a speck of dust and disappeared into the Abbot's chamber. I wondered why she weren't with the young people in the fields and then felt a strange fluttering in my heart. I put my hand to it before I pushed my brush across the dark wood for the last time. Death climb up my left arm until the day's warmth and my own last breath blended together. I followed Autumn's path over the whorled grains of the floor and the small scratches that I knew from memory and walked through the Abbot's door without even considering how.
Autumn gasped, and her head snapped toward where my shell hovered and watched. I took in her thin face and the question on the Abbot's. He stood behind a large table, his back to an opened window. Outside, the sun beat down gold on the fields. His face held the look of a boy of twenty-five, sixty years younger than he were the day he robbed me of my girl.
Autumn gave me a long look, like she used to as a child when we shared a secret. I ventured over to get a closer peek to see what lay on the table as she stepped next to the Abbot. There be a large book opened to blank pages, a slender blade with a gold hilt, and two thin cloths, the kind we used for bandages.
Autumn bowed her head to him. "I heard my ma say, 'Good-bye,' sir. She's dead, just now."
He did not have the wit to know she'd lied, that I were there giving him my evil eye.
"Attend to her later." The Abbot lowered his head over the blank page. "You must tell me everything. The robes are losing their power. The voices are weakening."
He stood up and took her chin, raising her head so that he forced her to look at him. "You have done your duty well. Your blood and your ability to hear the dead is by far the strongest the abbey has ever known. You've given me the secret of youth, but I fear even you are weakening. I will need to cut deeper."
The Abbot was deaf to the dead? No wonder he had no clue that I stood there a witness.
But he had other powers. "Now."
Autumn jerked in an attempt to step backward. Her face strained in resistance, but he reeled her closer and forced her to open her palms to him. Oh, my dear child. They both was crisscrossed with thin scars. He picked up the blade and sliced both hands, tracing the lines until blood poured onto a parchment. Bright red words formed across the page.
I never learned to read and being dead did not change that, but the Abbot smiled. Ah, he was handsome now. My insides curdled at the sight of him.
He took the cloths and bound her hands. "You've contacted some very ancient souls. Good work."
Autumn wrapped her arms around her waist. "Who does this come from? We don't do this sort of thing anymore." She read more and then shook her head. "I will not do this."
The Abbot reached for her. Her body stiffened as he held her arms. I flung myself across the table, wanting to rip him from her, but I fell through his body and almost out the window.
When I turned, his eyes had widened with greed.
"The dead have given wise counsel. The fields need blood. And they need our lovemaking. Autumn, think of the child, you and I will have and the knowledge we will gain from conceiving him on such a day."
Autumn finally shook free from his clutch. "But the dead don't leave, and the more we find and bring back, the more stories I must listen to, all of their complaints and accusations. Whisperings fill my head until I cannot hear myself. I wake and see their faces, imploring me to release them, and I have to tell them I cannot, that they are tied to this land for as long as this abbey is here."
I felt a cold draft fall over the substance that I now were made of.
The Abbot pointed to the door. "Nonsense. Leave me now."
I followed Autumn out. She slid to the floor.
"I wish I could join you, Ma."
I knelt beside her and touched the wrappings on her poor hands. I couldn't feel the bindings. "None of that, now."
"But there are so many of the dead."
It was then I sense how many was with us. The room were filled with generations past, their shells passing through one another. I sensed how much hunger there be for light and rest. The longer dead, the more desperate they was to go.
Two priests appeared and lifted my body in silence, not even bothering to give Autumn a glance. The cloths that bound her hands was stained with her blood.
I settled my ethereal bottom on the floor next to my daughter and watched myself being carried off. "At least it won't be me who will clean the stain from this hallway floor. But why are no fine ones gathered here with the dead? No priest or nuns in their whispering robes?"
Autumn released a long sigh. "There are a few, the lucky ones who tried to run away. They are always caught and the punishment is death. The rest of us molder here with the Abbot."
"None of you pass on natural?"
How hallow Autumn's eyes had grown. "Not as long as the flax keeps growing, but the soil has become hungry for fresh blood. The Abbot has taken most of the stories we can share and used what he has learned to turn grow younger."
She spread her arms as though to hold all of the wandering dead in the hall.
"The rest of the nuns and priests grow weaker, but not so weak to pass on. He needs us to listen to these souls. But our blood is no longer enough to substitute. The soil needs to be replenished and new robes made with from the flax filled with tales of the ancestors of the harvesters. Their oldest ancestors with the oldest stories."
I felt myself being pulled away from Autumn into the crowded room. I slipped away farther, losing myself amid the shells and shadows, and was pushed outside to the fields where other souls passed through the flax like the wind.
The sun were setting now. I felt like a moth waking for the night. I let a breeze carry me to my old farm, relieved to see it in good order and a young family taking care of it. Then found myself at the graveyard, my body tossed by the black robes into a grave that could have been dug deeper for dignity's sake. A nun muttered the Sending Words quickly and helped the gravediggers shovel the dirt over me. None of my neighbors was there in the flesh, but Tandy Woodhouse watched from her grave as though she were tethered.
There was more dead than living crowded on the land, but the night was summer sweet. Laughter of young men and women rimmed the small fires that lit the land like stars. Minstrel songs drifted through the air, and the place in my soul where my heart had once taken space burned like a small flame made of honey and tears.
Many of the dead hovered close to the fires as though they could feel the heat. Mary Gwynn, who I grew up with, wandered through an open window of her old house where her son still lived, and a child with shoes laced with sinew, something done long before Ma's childhood, followed an old man to a barn repeating, "Mister, Mister, I got something to tell you."
Like the faint buzz of bees, I could hear the whispering of the dead to those they loved still on earth.

The mare's foal will be breech unless you turn it now.

The joists are rotting, fool. Fix your roof before the rain.

Lavender and rosemary, grind it together, then...

I passed through the village, and then to the tall plants that pulled at my memories. My shell brushed against others with no more sensation than the touch of butterfly wings. I tried to talk, especially to the faces that I'd known in my life. Consternation filled the eyes of the newly dead, the ones like me. Our voices could be heard by the living, the ones who had the gift of listening, but we was deaf to each other.
The eyes of the longest dead had no light at all, as though their souls had leached out as new generations forgot them. I wandered aimlessly searching for Ma in the throng. Finally, a line of light traced the eastern hills and the roosters in the village began to crow, their jagged voices echoing, cutting the night from the day.
Near the abbey walls, the great doors opened. The Abbot and Autumn walked out with the nuns and priests, all in their black robes, following like a trail of ants.
A voice startled me. "He's as old as this place, you know."
I turned and faced the young monk who Cook had helped, his face paler than the white sky above our heads. "The Abbot is afraid and will do anything to keep from dying. Imagine what it would be like to come face-to-face with all of us, a thousand years of souls who should have left this world."
I wanted to take the young man's hand. How was I to survive an eternity where there was no flesh, no touch?
We followed the procession to the fields where the young ones was ready to work after their night's revelry, oblivious to the black robes behind them holding their scythes.
The Abbot pulled Autumn with an invisible chord toward the field. I felt something familiar and kind next to me, and there my ma were. The dead stood in the fields and their shells reflected the dew on the sheaths of flax. The blood would seep from the bodies of the young lovers into the dew, the ground, the strands growing around us, and then mingle with the child's blood in the inhumane mating that the Abbot would force on my daughter.
The Abbot flung off his robe and stood naked, his beauty blazed across to us repellently splendid. He raised his right hand and grasped the slim golden blade with his left. The black robes raised their scythes in unison.
I remembered then that Autumn could listen to all of us, so I screamed her name. The monk beside me joined in. Ma saw what my lips formed and cried out with me. Those around us began shouting. Our screams vibrated through the fields. The Abbot, deaf as he was, felt our strength and shuddered.
Autumn reached for the Abbot's knife before he could take a life. She ran her hands over the blade until her blood fell to the ground. A word formed in the dirt. The monk next to me read it aloud. "Speak!" His voice rang out over the field, and all, even the long dead, could hear it. "Speak!"
The living ran out of their houses and cheered with the dead. The black robes dropped their scythes and covered their ears. Autumn took the Abbot's head between her hands and painted it with her blood as the reverberations of our voices grew. The Abbot's ears opened to the dead and his face crumpled in pain, unable like my Autumn to stay sane in the cacophony.
We watched him age until nothing were left of him but his own shell. And then the dead circled around him.

***

The fields blossomed blue, though it be the wrong time of year. The living, young and old, turned in smiles to each other. Many of the scythes and black linen robes fell to the ground, as priests and nuns long past their time simply disappeared. Those that were left, my Autumn included, flung off their coverings. There be a roar like none heard before and the abbey collapsed, one hall at a time, until only a mountain of fine dust were left.
The longest dead was the first to leave not long after. They vanished into long slow sighs. Whether into the light of the sun or a greater light, Ma and I will soon discover. Autumn has told us our passing over is at hand, so I have told my story, outright, with my own strong voice for the living to hear that there is now nothing to fear in death, unless you're that bastard, the Abbot.

###

Thanks for reading. Click now to find more from Alethea on the internet

Alethea Eason


HOCUS-POCUS ON FRIDAY THE 13TH
A Samantha Brennan & Annabelle Haggerty Magical Story
Kris Neri


Friday the 13th — a date when disasters pile up like cars in fog-bound freeway crashes. If I've learned anything from experience, it's that anything can happen on that cursed day. And this was the worst of all the 13s. Also, most likely, my last. A terrorist's bomb — in my hands! — was about to blow us all to Smithereens, wherever the hell that was. Just because I'd insisted Friday the 13th wasn't any unluckier than any other date, and, yeah, because I claimed I chatted with the dead. Colossal whoppers even for me.
But the story didn't begin at that charity ball, dedicated to the naïve proposition of bringing peace to the Middle East, where I anxiously waited with four hundred of the rich and oblivious to visit the Hereafter in tiny bits.
It began days earlier at the FBI, with the world's most annoying goddess.

***

Before I march through Heaven's Gate, I should introduce myself. I'm Samantha Brennan, fake medium, scam psychic, and bogus spiritual advisor to the stars here in Los Angeles. When I'm lucky. Truth be told, I wasn't doing well financially. Hard to figure when you consider all the creativity I bring to my clients' readings. Don't tell me I'd do better if I actually could commune with the Great Beyond. Trust me — all mediums are fakes. No matter how gabby they were in life, the dead aren't big on chitchat.
So, naturally, when the goddess dangled the promise of pay before my chubby little nose, I came running. We shared a history together, in which, to her great surprise, and mine, I'd actually ended up saving her. Now, we both understood the universe had bonded us together. Still, that didn't mean we always got along. When I showed up for our meeting, she pushed up the sleeve of her boxy gray suit, stared at her watch, then glared at me with her big, blue eyes. "You're late, Samantha."
You might think that since she had that divinity-thing going, while I was the earth-bound mortal, that she'd be wearing a frothy gown and I the dorky duds. But it was actually the reverse.
"Ever consider wearing a watch?" she demanded.
Nope. Who would take me seriously? Shouldn't a psychic know the time?
She tapped her sensible shoe against the floor of the Los Angeles field office of the FBI. Awfully earth-bound of her, I know, but Annabelle Haggerty is as much flesh-and-blood as you and me. And she isn't anything like either of us. She's a direct descendant of the ancient Celtic goddess, Findabar. When Haggerty kicks it, she won't die like we will, she'll be "called home," as she puts it, to Tir na n'Og, "the land of the young," in the Celtic language, where she'll live for eternity.
While Haggerty droned on about the value of punctuality, I puffed up the skirt of the hot pink organdy gown I wore. To say our tastes differed was the understatement of the millennium. Of course, stodgy dress was required in her job. While she truly was a Celtic goddess, Annabelle Haggerty was also a Special Agent of the FBI.
"Samantha, the Bureau wants you to renew your association with Dodi Drake."
You remember Dodi, the widow of Manfred Drake, the vice president from a few administrations back. A man so inflexible that, in a poll taken during his lone term, the majority of Americans chose him as the politician most likely to be hiding a broom up his ass.
"Happy to, only Mrs. Drake warned me never to find myself in her line of vision again."
Anger caused Haggerty to pinch her full lips together. "Because you're so unreliable. Why don't you consider being less of a flake?"
That was like asking a duck to sing opera. He might stand center stage and throw his whole heart into it, but it wasn't going to sound too good.
"Leave Mrs. Drake to me, Samantha. I'll see that she asks you for a reading."
Given her secretive smile, I knew Haggerty planned to use her special powers, making that a red-letter day. As a goddess she did have powers, which she was mostly too stingy to use. I know, I'd begged her for the Lotto numbers loads of times. I suspected it was that she liked functioning as the ordinary mortal she wished she were. Crazy, huh?
She went on to tell me about the charity ball Mrs. Drake was chairing to raise bucks for some ill-fated drive for peace in the Middle East. Only now, because it had been scheduled for Friday the 13th, Dodi was thinking about postponing it, even if it was less than a week away. The Bureau wanted me to assure her it was safe to go ahead with it.
"Is it? Safe, I mean?" I asked.
Haggerty laughed, a sparkling sound that all the gods share. "Not at all. The international chatter says a terrorist plans to blow up the ballroom and everyone in it. We want to catch him in the act."
"Why not cancel it?"
"Because our intelligence might not be as good next time."
I gulped uneasily. "And if you don't catch him?"
Haggerty snapped her fingers. "Then the L.A. glitterati will go up in a puff of smoke."
Funny. She said that like it was a bad thing.

***

That was how I ended up back in Dodi Drake's high-powered world.
Surely the most conventional of political wives, Dodi hadn't changed much since the old man bought country real estate. She still wore those dowdy knit suits, and still softened her nasty zingers with correct, even vapid, smiles.
She looked at me now over the half-glasses perched on her long nose. "Lovely to see you, Madame Samantha. I'm glad you're not holding that…unpleasantness…against me."
If that was how she described a restraining order.
She finally clued me in on the date dilemma and worked herself into a dither about it.
I drew myself up and said, with as much dignity possible for someone wearing a court jester costume, "That's amateur spirituality, Mrs. Drake. There's absolutely no validity to it."
I could barely keep from laughing. Validity? At one time I never swallowed any of that woo-woo crap, even if it was the way I made my totally inadequate income. I'd regarded supernatural concerns as the province of the terminally trusting, and karma, just a nightclub in West Hollywood. But since I met Haggerty, I'd seen too much I couldn't explain.
My spiritual superiority didn't win Mrs. Drake over. She insisted I consult her late hubby on the matter. Even if I wasn't sure what to believe anymore, the one truth I clung to was that the dead don't communicate. It's the primary characteristic that separates them from the living. But I was nothing if not accommodating, when a paycheck was involved.
Because the rubes expect a good show, I faked a trance, then said, "Manfred Drake, your former plane cries out to you." And I put the matter to him.
People think my job is easy, just a matter of telling my clients what they want to hear. But that's the rub — how should I know what they want? Not psychic, remember. But what makes a good fake medium is the ability to observe. I opened my eyes a smidge and spotted a photo of the old fart. Straining, I read the inscription, "To Snooks, from her Man." Gag me.
I swayed on the couch beside Dodi and said in a dreamy voice, "Manfred says, 'Snooks, don't worry about the date. Have your party.'"
Dodi gasped. "Snooks? Why he hasn't called me that since before his first mistress. He had a few, you know."
More like a few thousand. But that detail did the trick, convincing Dodi to go ahead with the ball.
"Uh…that other matter we used to discuss, Madame Samantha. Does Manfred still feel the same way?"
Well, Dodi had made one tiny change in her otherwise conventional life. Since the old man kicked it, she'd taken up with a succession of boy-toys, each less suitable than the one before him.
"He's still livid, Mrs. Drake. Absolutely writhing in anger."
Dodi sighed with satisfaction.
I'd never admit it to Haggerty, but that was why Mrs. Drake decided she didn't need my services, even before I started stalking her. Whenever she asked me how her husband felt about her latest protégé, I assumed she wanted to believe he was okay with it. How was I to know she only took up with them to show Manfred she could have her flings, too? It was like they all expected me to read their minds.
As if on cue, Dodi's latest diversion strutted into the room behind one of her Secret Service agents. The handsome young black man cocked his hip and sneered at the departing agent. Everything about him — from his shaved head, to his black leather clothing, to the dark shades he wore, which couldn't have been easy to see through indoors — screamed of cool contempt. A shiny scar that cut across one cheek took him out of the ranks of drop-dead gorgeous and put him firmly in the bad boy category.
"Madame Samantha, this is my…friend…Antifreeze, a rising hip-hop star," Dodi said in a simpering tone.
Even if I couldn't actually hear Mr. Drake, I knew what he had to think about this one.
"Yo, bitch," Antifreeze said matter-of-factly. Was that greeting meant for Dodi or me?
Her, I guessed, since she beamed like poetry had just turned her little head.
To my surprise, though it wasn't as easy to detect on his mocha-colored skin, he flushed, as well. Why would a bad boy act ashamed for the kind of street remark you'd expect him to make?

***

That question puzzled me even after I returned to my car, a classic, if well oxidized, 1966 Mustang convertible. I sat behind the wheel, clutching the big black purse I always carry, trying to make sense of it. Why would a guy who dubbed himself "Antifreeze" blush for calling a woman something that, while nasty in most circles, seemed pretty tame by hip-hop standards? While rummaging through my bag, I came across a Post-it pad on which the words, "Check out the bad boy," were written.
Did I write that? I must have. Who else would write a note on my pad?
I raced to the Bureau and found Haggerty in her claustrophobic little office. I blurted out the gist of my session with Dodi and warned her about Antifreeze. To my surprise, she ignored my advice about Mr. Freeze and focused instead on the outcome of my pseudo-message from Mandrake.
"Well done, Samantha," she said, with a tip of her sleek auburn head.
Much as I like praise — a rare enough occurrence from her — I didn't think she appreciated my real discovery.
"Oh, we know all about Antifreeze," Haggerty said with a flip of her delicate fingers. "Real name —Eddie Eagan, a man with a record clear back to the cradle. But the last time he came out of prison, he went off on some spiritual retreat, and it seems to have changed him. He hasn't gotten in trouble in the last couple of years."
While Haggerty went to report my success to her boss, I pawed through my purse in search of some candy. Dodi always scheduled my readings for late morning, yet she never invited me to lunch. Rude. Then again, how much off-the-clock time did I want to spend with her and 'Freeze? I came across that Post-it pad again. This time it read, "Check the Social Security records."
Wow, I was sure getting good ideas. I just wished I could remember when I wrote them.
When Haggerty returned, I asked her to look up his Social Security account.
With a sigh, she said, "Samantha, you keep Dodi set on that date, and let us worry about Mr. Eagan."
"But you're not," I wailed.
"Because he's not a threat. The hip-hop wannabe is more interested in getting a record contract than blowing up a roomful of the people who can help him get ahead."
Although that made sense, I couldn't give up on that note. After more cajoling, she finally tapped some keys on her desktop computer to call up Eddie Eagan's Social Security account.
"Cons usually get civilian jobs while they're on parole," Haggerty said. "We'll see contributions for some time, before they fall off the honesty wagon."
As she predicted, that pattern had been consistent in Eddie's case. He'd made no contributions in the last couple of years.
Haggerty flexed one of her slim shoulders. "So? Maybe Dodi keeps him. She might be generous."
"She's never been generous with me."
Haggerty's gaze narrowed. "This concern isn't like you, Samantha. Do you know something you're not telling me?"
I held out my open palms to show how little I knew about anything, a sad fact I've largely come to accept.
"You're not seeing some kind of vision, are you? I've always said that you might have genuine —"
"Not that again." Haggerty thought I might have real woo-woo abilities. But she was wrong. I was so lacking in prescient powers that, if I were about to be hit on the head by a two-by-four, my premonition of pain wouldn't kick in until the headache wore off. And that was the way I liked it. I wanted life to be a total surprise. "Nope, I'm a complete sham."
"Sometimes we need to accept our true natures."
The pot calling the kettle noir.
"Samantha, why can't you leave the security concerns to the Bureau?"
"Because Dodi insists that I attend the ball, too," I blurted.
Haggerty smiled knowingly. "That's our girl."
Okay, so I had a highly developed sense of self-preservation.
"This is a state-of-the-art operation," she assured me. There would be a total lockdown of the ballroom wing of the hotel. Between the times set in the security computers, nobody would get in or out. "And we'll shut down cell phone service to it." They even had some electronic explosives detector, so even the smallest amount would be discovered. "You see? It's totally under control."
Easy enough for her to say. The security room, where she'd be, was probably as fortified as a bunker.

***

I tried to let it go, I really did. But worry sat on my fat chest with all the weight of a piano. The next day, I saw another note on my purse Post-it. "Follow the bad boy," it read.
When was I writing all this? But hey, it was a good idea. I staked out Dodi's condo, having taken the precaution of bringing lots of chocolate bars in case Antifreeze kept me waiting. Since I went through them with lightning speed, fortunately, he didn't.
Carrying an over-the-shoulder duffle, he dropped in on his benefactor late morning, stayed for a few minutes, then left. I notice the pimp-stride vanished once he moved beyond the range of Dodi's windows. He walked like a normal person then. Actually, with the mincing little steps that replaced that strut, he walked like a nerd. He caught a bus at the corner. Bad boys take the bus? I tucked the Mustang behind it and followed.
The bus deposited him at a gas station mini-mart. Antifreeze-Eddie, with his cheek scar glistening in the sunlight, jumped out and went straight to the men's room. Ten minutes later, someone came out, still carrying the duffle. But it sure didn't look like ol' Freeze. This guy wore dorky clothes and a wig. And the scar was gone!
When he walked away, I tailed him on foot. All the way to a library, where he went through the employees' entrance. A library? I finally found the chameleon, working behind the reference desk.
I told him we had to talk, and the eyes I hadn't been able to see behind those shades at Dodi's place, widened to the size of dinner plates.

***

We went to a coffee shop around the corner.
"Look," I said, leaning across the Formica table. "I know who you are, Eddie."
"No, you don't. I'm not Eddie — that's my cousin. My real name is Daniel Stewart." He shrugged. "If you want a career in rap, you don't achieve it with a degree in library science. Eddie's record is what I need."
"And he doesn't mind you using his identity?"
Kind eyes stared off. I understood now why he kept them covered in his bad boy role. "He might not know. Eddie got religion during his last stay in prison, and he's become involved with some spiritual group. My aunt knows I'm using his name. She didn't mind, at first. I help her sell the beaded purses she makes, and she appreciates that."
"Beaded purses?"
His face brightened. "Really great ones. I'm having her make an evening bag for Dodi."
A guy that into purses had no business in hip-hop.
"But lately Auntie acts uncomfortable around me. Maybe she's not as okay with my using Eddie's identity as I thought."
I noticed the absence of the scar. "But the scar? How do you…?"
Daniel pulled from his pocket a white piece of cardboard, covered with a number of shiny strips. "A makeup artist makes them for me. Scars to go."
Hmmm. Maybe I could get her to produce something that would make me look thin. "So, you work at the library and for your aunt?"
"I need the money. Starting my career has proven to be awfully expensive."
"Dodi doesn't give you…?"
He shook his bewigged head. "Not a dime."
"Do you two…?" I wiggled my eyebrows suggestively.
It took a moment until he caught my drift and screwed up his face. "No! She just wants people to think so." After a moment, he muttered, "Thankfully.
She wanted a dead guy to think so. But it was good to know I wasn't the only fraud.

***

The poor slob reeked of sincerity, and that was gonna hurt him in the music world. Hell, it surprised me it hadn't hurt him in the library. This wasn't a town that valued honesty. Making it a perfect spot for me. But just to be sure I was reading him right, since despite Haggerty's claims, I had absolutely no spiritual abilities, I dashed back to the Bureau and told her about Daniel-Eddie's double life, and asked her to check Daniel Stewart's Social Security records.
With an annoyed grimace, she did. "Actually, Daniel has two jobs."
"Yeah, I told you — he works for his aunt."
Haggerty shook her head. "That one must be off the books. His other FICA-paying job is as a waiter at the hotel where the charity ball will be held."
I shrieked. "And that doesn't bother you?"
Haggerty shrugged. "Maybe that's where he and Dodi met. How many occasions do a vice presidential widow and a rap artist-librarian have to get together?"
I'd felt so sure about Daniel, but people fool me all the time. Really not psychic. I began to fear that he had just played me like a fiddle.

***

The days leading up to the ball passed in a blur. I kept reassuring Dodi about the date. And I needed a fitting for the gown I'd be wearing — a rainbow-printed fifties prom gown that I found at the vintage store. Sadly, it had to be let out. I also followed Daniel. But apart from his library job and visiting Dodi, his only stop was at some house in South Central, where he picked up an object wrapped in tissue paper. The beaded purse, I guessed.
I didn't arrive at the ball till close to the last minute. The valet parking lot beside the ballroom was already filled with loads of high-priced tin. I had to park my wreck down the block. Dodi glowed when she told me how grateful she was to Manfred for encouraging her to go ahead with things.
Yeah, the man was a prince. Dodi wore a soft lavender dress that fell in smooth lines over her slim body. I didn't see any beaded purse yet; Daniel must have been even later than I was.
I found Haggerty and her fellow fibbies in a security command center off the ballroom.
"Nice getup, Gidget," she said. "Does that gown glow in the dark?"
Okay, so maybe the rainbow stripes crossing my gown were a bit bright. The way I saw it, I could either be a better fake medium, or I could dress the part. My gigantic black purse also struck an odd note.
"Did you catch him yet?" I demanded. "Did your explosives sniffer turn up anything?"
Haggerty shook her head. "There's no explosive device here yet. But the international chatter still indicates there will be." She looked at her watch. "Better be soon, too. There won't be a way in or out shortly."
Great. One of the other agents buzzed someone in. A waiter entered carrying a tray of dinners for the Bureau folks. Since he was a black man with a shaved head, at first glance I thought he was Daniel. But a closer look showed him to be an older man, with a cynical demeanor. Now this guy could make it in rap.
I followed him out through the security room door, which clicked shut behind us. "Hey," I said. "Bring me a tequila, willya?"
"Get it yourself," he said with a sneer.
Whoa! Snotty. You could tell his tip was guaranteed tonight. Instead of turning toward the ballroom, he went through the outside door. I could have told him that door was about to seal shut, but I figured the staff had to know. Served him right if he got locked out. I stared after him, as he sauntered across the parking lot. Off in the distance, something shimmered on his face. I hadn't noticed that when I saw him in the security room, but I didn't see him then from the shimmering side.
By then, I really needed that tequila, and I went back to the ballroom in search of a more congenial server.
Instead, I ran into Dodi. She showed me the lavender-and-cream bag Daniel had given her. I had to admit the beading was good. But the bag, when she handed it to me for a closer look, proved to be unexpectedly heavy.
"What's in here, Mrs. Drake? Your entire Secret Service detail?"
"It can't be any heavier than yours, Madame Samantha." Her gray eyes narrowed on my shoulder suitcase. "Perhaps instead of my paying you for readings, we can exchange services. You can communicate with Manfred for me, and I can teach you something about…" her thin lips curved in disapproval "…style."
And after that, maybe she could teach me to suck eggs. Dodi encouraged me to open the purse so I could see the satin interior. Pretty, though it seemed remarkably small, compared to its outside dimensions. Not much in it, apart from a tube of lipstick and an electronic keycard to the security center, something Haggerty didn't offer me. I palmed the keycard, partly so I had access to Haggerty, but mostly to pay Dodi back for dissing her medium.
I found my assigned spot at a rear table, seated beside a skinny man in a baggy rented tux. Obviously, the loser table.
When Daniel came by, I told him what a nice job his aunt had done with the purse, without mentioning how heavy she made it, nor how little space she'd left inside.
His smooth brow crinkled. "My aunt really seemed nervous when I picked it up. I think she's about to tell me I can't use Eddie's identity anymore."
"Yeah, that's a shame. Where can I get some tequila around here?"
Daniel shrugged. "Why ask me?"
Because when he wasn't acting as a gigolo for a certain former Second Lady, he worked there. But if he didn't want to admit it, I wasn't going to press him. Besides, I saw the wait staff carrying trays of champagne flutes. Close enough. I was thrilled to see the waiter who smart-mouthed me wasn't among them. Maybe he really did get locked out — wouldn't that have been funny?
Time inched by, and the fibbies still didn't swarm over any suspects. What were they waiting for? After wolfing down a rubber chicken special, I used Dodi's keycard to let myself into the security room. When the door clicked shut behind me, I stared in disbelief. With half-eaten meals before them, all the Bureau people had keeled over. Dead? No! I fell to my knees beside Haggerty. I would never tell her, but I almost cried with relief when I realized she, like all of them, was just drugged.
Holy shit! The waiter must have knocked them out with tainted food. I thought about the fact that he had reminded me of Daniel. That wasn't simply because they were both black men with shaved heads. There had been a resemblance.
Outside the security room, I hurled myself at the outer ballroom doors, but they were sealed shut. I stopped some cute guy in designer evening wear and demanded his cell phone, which my own finances didn't permit.
"Cell phones don't work here, sweet cheeks," he said with a smile that produced unexpected dimples.
Sweet cheeks? If I survived this night, I'd look him up.
Daniel happened by just then. "Daniel!" I shouted.
"Antifreeze," he muttered through clenched teeth.
"Whatever. The truth, now — do you work here as a waiter?"
He frowned. "When would I? The library, my aunt's purses, Dodi, and my music career — that eats up all my time."
But someone on that job was using his Social Security number. Was it such a stretch to think that while he co-opted his cousin's identity, that Eddie had claimed his? I remembered the way the waiter's cheek had shimmered in the sun, like a real scar might. Eddie, the waiter? The terrorist?
And it all came down to me? Me, the most unreliable flake in the universe.
I stumbled back to my table and pawed through my big black purse for something that would help. Help how? To stop an explosion? Get real, Samantha. To my surprise, someone had written "Purse" on the Post-it pad.
Who the hell was writing those notes?
I ignored it. With four hundred-plus lives on the line — and most importantly, mine — who cared about some notes.
A man's voice suddenly said, "The purse, you idiot. Get the purse."
I poked my index finger into the arm of the geek beside me. "Okay, my bag might big. But you have no right to call me an idiot."
He turned my way. "I beg your pardon."
"You can beg all you want, pal, but I —"
It hit me then: the voice I heard, it wasn't this guy's. And it wasn't outside, but inside my head. "Manfred?" I asked.
The geek beside me started to say, "No, my name is —"
"Not you, dweeb!" I shouted.
"Of course," the voice in my head said. "Am I not the one you called out for? But you are a hard person to reach, my girl. Do you know how difficult it is for us to speak?"
Didn't know, didn't want to know.
"The purse, you fool. It's the purse," the voice spat, before fading out.
I got it. Finally. I knew which purse the old fart in the Great Beyond meant.
Wouldn't Daniel's aunt have become a tad skittish if she helped her terrorist son build a bomb into Dodi's purse?
Dodi stepped up to the podium on the stage at the front of the ballroom. The beaded evening bag hung from a slender strap over her shoulder. Without giving it a thought, I lifted my skirt and galloped toward the stage like I was scoring a touchdown. Dodi's welcome speech sputtered to a halt, as she watched my approach. On the stage, I tried to yank the beaded purse from her shoulder, but she held onto it.
"I knew I shouldn't have removed that restraining order," she shouted, increasing her hold.
"Gimme the purse, Mrs. Drake, or I'll tell everyone what you don't do with Antifreeze." The audience members must have thought that was something kinky that had to do with solvents.
But my threat worked. Once she relinquished it, I grabbed the purse and dashed backstage. But what was I thinking? There were no doors that would open. With that vile thing clutched in my hand, I ran back-and-forth helplessly. We were goners, all of us! Me first!
Then I spotted a window, and a folding chair. I hurled the chair through the glass. The window broke, but that made an alarm wail. From behind me, out in the audience, I could hear the sounds of people getting restless. Restless? Didn't they know what I was risking for them? Despite the shrieking sound that threatened to make my head explode, I stood before that broken window and threw the purse with all my might.
One one-thousand, two one-thousand... At least the explosion overshadowed the sound of the alarm. It also knocked me on my fanny and caused a ballroom full of people to scream frantically. Good thing they didn't know all their high-priced cars had just been reduced to metal toothpicks.

***

I tracked down the cute guy and asked to borrow his cell phone again. With the window open, so to speak, the phone worked, and I summoned Haggerty's boss. He used the hotel's security computer to override the locked doors, and took over.
After testing the drugged food, the case came together. The FBI picked up Eddie at his mom's home. Eventually, they proved the "spiritual retreat" everyone mentioned was really a terrorist training camp.
Weeks later, I chided Haggerty for her failing. "If you weren't so bent on seeming totally human, you'd have sensed the food was tainted. What's the point of having powers if you won't use 'em?"
She acknowledged that truth with a solemn nod. "And what about you, Samantha? I've always maintained you had spiritual abilities, and you do. You communicated with the dead, after all."
"I'll 'fess up, if you will, Haggerty."
But I wouldn't really. All I was willing to admit was that anything can happen on Friday the 13th.
Even some mighty real hocus-pocus.

###

Thanks for reading. Click now to find more from Kris on the internet

Kris Neri


THE DELIVERY
A New Story in the Universe of the Federation Diplomat Series
E J Randolph


My companion blew a puff through his long, trunk-like nose as we wound our way past tall, crumbling red-brick warehouses. "Those humans are staring at us."
"Not at me. You. I'm a human woman. You're a seven-foot male Varnier. Of course they're staring. Don't see too many of your kind on Federation planets since the war, even on a cosmopolitan entrepot like Bellasport."
His normally blue face darkened to purple. "If you hadn't saved my life, I wouldn't be here."
"Yeah, I know. It's tough being bonded for life." Sarcasm dripped from my voice.
He drew himself up into his huffy-most self. "As you well remember, Darleta, I am honor-bound by the rules of my society."
I gave him a sidelong glance. "That pearly orange skin color you had when I met you was prettier."
"Bonded color is blue." His voice sounded snippy.
"Good thing you know more than mixing perfumes or I'd have figured out a way to toss you off my spaceship, bonding or no bonding."
His four-inch trunk waved back and forth. "I'm useful."
"Yep, you mix the best cocktails."
He sniffed, a loud sound through a trunk. "That's the least of my talents. Have you forgotten I detected the cause of this latest engine malfunction through smell alone?"
"Yeah, but if we don't get a big infusion of cash, we'll be marooned on Bellasport forever."
"Find hubby and make him give you another spaceship. He has a whole fleet."
I snorted. "I wouldn't have this one if that creep hadn't left one behind, thinking it was a wreck. I've kept the Athena flying for five years, and I intend to keep it flying." Sure, I could have stayed in the marriage by looking the other way when Ken wandered, and I could have continued to live in luxury, but silly me, I wanted LOVE with capital letters, even if it meant I lived a precarious, lonely life. At least I didn't have my nose rubbed into Ken's infidelities every day.
I pulled up a map from my wrist computer and turned into the left-hand street. "Only a few buildings down. This merchant sure is paranoid. He gives us one address. We get there, dismiss the robotaxi, enter, and find out we have to walk three blocks."
A group of people in green and gold gang colors blocked the sidewalk. We stepped into the street and walked around. I glanced back at the rowdy crowd. They stared at us and some fingered fling knives. My muscles tensed. If I didn't need this delivery so bad, I'd never have come into such a rough part of town. What good would a perfume maker and a small-time cargo pilot be if these people decided to make trouble?
Qvartic's skin turned black, the Varnier combat color. To our rear someone yelled out. I glanced over my shoulder to see how close the thugs were, but they were running down the street as if their lives were at risk.
Qvartic gave me a smug smile, and blue replaced black on his skin.
I moved closer to him. "Did you change your status?"
He shrugged.
Like always. I never got the complete story out of him. Was he really bonded to me? Yes, I'd saved his life. And, yes, in his culture that meant he was bonded to me for life. But he could well be an anti-blessing in disguise.
I stopped at a five-story building with peeling paint. This was the right address. We took the lift to the fifth floor, and I pressed the buzzer at Nampoon's Emporium.
A stout Asian opened the door and waved me in. He glared at Qvartic. "Aliens stay out."
"He comes in or I leave."
The Asian seemed to consider for a moment. He nodded and Qvartic took a giant step inside before the vendor could change his mind. Qvartic grinned at the guy.
"This way." The Asian waved his hand and waddled down a hall lined with gold-tinted brocade wallpaper.
We followed him into a large room with the same wallpaper and several large antique vases. Heavy red velvet drapes hung on the windows. A young woman sat with a bowed head and clasped hands on an ornate chair. She wore traditional Chinese clothes, the material covered with orange and pink flowers and trimmed with gold embroidery.
I stopped inside the door. "What is it you want to have transported?"
He pointed to the young woman. "I have arranged a favorable marriage for her with a rich merchant on New Union."
A tear rolled down the woman's face.
No way. I couldn't be part of this. I transported cargo, not people. A small voice in my head whispered, "What choice do you have? It's transport her or lose the Athena."
I straightened and pulled up a screen on my wrist computer. "If you'll transfer funds, we can finalize arrangements." I worked to keep my voice neutral.
He frowned. "It's half when you pick her up and half upon delivery."
I set my features. I needed a lot more cash. And this was ridiculous. She was not some piece of cargo. "You have to pay the first half now because we must pick up supplies. I didn't know I'd need to buy more food. In addition, there will be a surcharge of ten percent."
His eyebrows rose.
"Labor costs such as preparing food. Extra air filters that have to be ordered and delivered to my spacecraft. Waste facilities. I can't just toss her into a cargo bay. I need to prepare quarters suitable for a young woman."
Would he buy that?
He smiled. "You'll treat her like a lady. That's good. I chose a lady pilot because my niece's virginity must be protected at all costs."
Her virginity? What was this? The Middle Ages? In the twenty-seventh century?
This transaction had to be illegal. But I wasn't here as a cop. I was here to make some money. And, niece? Really? I smelled something fishy.
I pulled up another screen and opened my transfer account.
Mr. Human Trafficker picked up a screen from a counter and punched in numbers. A lovely three thousand standard Federation units showed up in my account.
I smiled. "Good doing business with you. We'll be back tomorrow for the–" I glanced at the young woman and scratched my cheek "–package."
The Asian walked us to the door. "See you tomorrow."
Qvartic and I took the lift to the street level.
I called up a robotaxi. "We don't have much time. We gotta get the parts and see if we can fix the ol' gal."
"All by ourselves?"
"You heard the guy. We're only getting half the fee upfront."

***

We arrived at the Athena with a load of parts and a nearly empty bank balance and set to work. Finally, around dawn the following morning, the spaceship hummed to life. I patted her hull. She was living up to her name. Athena, the goddess, had wings. Athena, my spaceship, could fly again.
I leaned against the bulkhead and turned to Qvartic. "We did it." I glanced at the time. "We've got a couple hours to eat and rest. Then we'll get our package." I grimaced. "The Asian was willing to spend way too much for transporting the young woman. He certainly could have sent her on a passenger spacecraft with all the amenities."
"Not our concern."
"Maybe not. And right now, I can't afford to have scruples."
Two hours later, Qvartic and I, cleaned up and wearing uniforms, looking like we might actually be a captain and crew, showed up outside Nompoon's. I pressed the button.
The Asian opened the door, and his face creased into a wide smile. "Good, you're on time."
"Always professional." I kept my voice and face bland.
He waved to the woman. She came forward, head bowed, a valise in her hand.
I gave her a nod. "Come with me. I have a robotaxi waiting." I reached for the valise, but she shook her head and held on, her knuckles turning white with the strength of her grip. Sure, she could keep it. I was trying to be polite and had no plans for stealing it.
The Asian waved and closed the door.
We descended to the street level and got into the robotaxi. The young woman's shoulders slumped, and she stared at the floor. At the docks, I paid for the taxi with my universal credit card and led the way up the gangway. Qvartic closed the hatches.
The young woman stood with a lowered gaze.
I set off down the passageway. "Follow me. I'll show you to your quarters."
Her footsteps sounded behind me.
I opened a hatch and ushered her into our spruced-up closet with its small bed. "You can spend all your time in here if you want, but you may prefer to come into the crew lounge for meals."
She nodded, lay down, and closed her eyes.
Perfect. No messy questions or requests.
I went forward and contacted the tower. Soon we rose into the clear blue sky of Bellasport. We passed through the flicker space portal, and I set a course for New Union.
I glanced at Qvartic. "This will take a week and a half. If Sleeping Beauty is quiet the whole way, we'll get this done clean and easy."
He waggled his trunk.
Uh-oh. "Did you sniff something?"
"Heavy drugs."
"And you think they'll wear off before we arrive?"
"Absolutely."
I covered my face with my hands and groaned. "Will we have a screaming, hysterical passenger to deal with? We could always let her slip away on New Union."
"And be stuck on New Union until we get a cargo?"
"They're so clanny on New Union. They always give their cargoes to local carriers."
"We'll be stuck."
This didn't merit a reply. He was right. I had to deliver the young woman.
He stood. "Time to fix something to eat."
I checked the gauges and followed.
He brought out fresh vegetables.
"Where did you get those? And when?"
He put his fingers to his lips.
All right, it was a secret. I wasn't going to complain. We'd be feasting today. Might as well enjoy it. We'd be eating food from the fabricator soon enough.
The aroma of simmering vegetables and spices filled the small spacecraft. The door to the closet opened, and the young woman stared out. A few moments later, she walked with small, timid steps into the crew area.
I pulled out a chair. "Eat with us. Food will be ready soon."
She sat, pulling her arms and legs together.
Qvartic handed out dishes with a flourish. Really, he was such a ham sometimes.
The young woman took a bite, and her eyes opened wide. "Delicious." She scraped every bite from her plate into her mouth.
The woman returned to her room, and Qvartic cleaned up.
I jabbed the air. "We don't know her name."
"You could ask."
"That's too rational."
He lifted one eyebrow at me.
"I've got records to work on." I hurried from the crew lounge. In the control room, I sat and stared with unfocused eyes. I still had a bad feeling about the young woman. Was I imagining things? I was quick to see inequities. Maybe too quick. I'd have to get her to talk to me.

***

The next days passed with surprising calm and quiet. Maybe this was a willing transaction after all. The bride may have just had the jitters. Completely understandable. Her name was Lily. She came out for meals but otherwise stayed in her room.
Qvartic and I settled into our normal routine. Check the gauges. Shove everything in the lounge to one side. Work out. For him that meant two hours. For me, twenty minutes. Then computer games and research on the planet we were headed to.
Qvartic studied the Federation languages. He said he wanted to fit in without using a translator and learn all the local customs. Was he planning on returning to his people and offering his services? I had saved him from his own kind, but he said they were an opposition faction. Did that mean he had a group he could return to someday?

***

At breakfast the last day of the journey, I turned to Lily. "We arrive today."
Her spoon clattered into her bowl, and she shook.
"What's wrong?"
She turned wide eyes to me.
"Don't you want to get married?"
She shook her head and ran to her room.
I rapped on her door. "Look, if there's a problem, we can deal with it. I would never force someone into a loveless marriage. I've been there. It's not pretty."
Silence
"Lily?"
The hatch creaked open a couple inches. One eye, showing far more white than usual, gazed at me. "What can you do? Someone will be there to meet this ship."
I grimaced. In my mind, bank notes sprouted wings and flew away. "We don't have to land. We can turn around as soon as we emerge from flicker space. I'll have to get permission from the local tower to reenter the portal. It'll seem strange, but what can anyone do? They can't shoot me down at that range. They can't make me land."
Lily stared at me for a few long seconds. "There's something I need to tell you."
My stomach went from feeling queasy to doing somersaults. Would my initial misgivings turn out to be right after all?
"I'm not here to get married. I'm delivering contraband."
I froze. This was worse than I expected. I could be banned from any delivery service. There went my last vestiges of having a life. This old tub and my business were all I had. Without significant skills, I'd be stuck in some dead-end job on a planet and never be able to afford another spaceship.
She bowed her head. "My family owes a lot of money. We couldn't pay it off. When a representative of the loan association came to our house and offered a way out, I volunteered. I don't know what's in my valise, but I'm sure it's illegal. The representative said he couldn't use normal freight services because they examine all outgoing packages." A half sob escaped, and she turned away for a second. "I'm a coward. I don't want to die. But if I fail, my family will suffer."
What could be in that valise? I tapped the intercom button on my wrist computer. "Qvartic, come to Lily's room."
She put her hand over her mouth.
"Don't worry. He's not going to hurt you. He can sniff your parcel and tell us what's in it."

***

Lily laid the valise on the deck. Qvartic bent and sniffed. His hand went toward the handle.
Lily shrieked. "No, don't touch it."
Qvartic turned to her.
"It might explode."
I took a step back. "Why do you think so?"
She bowed her head. "I overheard someone talking. I am to die with this delivery. New Union refuses to pay protection money to the Iron Pigs, so they're sending a message to the government. And they're going to kill all witnesses."
I shot a hand toward the bulkhead and steadied myself. "Is someone waiting with a detonator?"
"That's what I heard."
My knees buckled.
Qvartic glanced at me. "I smell traces of gas. I bet opening the valise lets the gas out. May be enough to blanket the spaceport and put it out of operation for a long while. Certainly there is a timer for a detonator to explode the gas. I highly doubt someone is waiting with some kind of trigger. Everyone around will die instantly from the overpressure."
Lily threw herself face down on the bed. "I failed. Now my family will die. But I couldn't do it."
I closed my eyes. We were done for.
Qvartic stood and leaned toward my ear. "I may be able to disable the detonator."
"OK, that saves our lives, but then we have a bigger problem. An interplanetary crime syndicate gunning for us."
"Maybe not. Malfunctions happen all the time."
Lily lifted her head. "Do you mean you can stop the explosion?"
"Yes."
Now where did Qvartic learn this? He'd claimed to be a perfumer, and I had considered him superfluous as crew. Then he'd started diagnosing engine trouble from smell. Now this. He was certainly more than he'd led me to believe he was. But his life was on the line now. No place for subterfuge. He had to save himself as well as the Athena.
He picked up the valise. "I'll need to be in a compartment sealed off from the rest of the ship. Too bad I can't do this in a spacesuit, but I need fine motor movement."
I nodded. "The hazardous waste compartment in the storage bay. Has blow-out walls to the outside and complete sealing between it and the rest of the bay."
He returned in a few moments with a large toolbox, and we headed to the storage bay. He entered the hazardous waste disposal area, and I sealed him in.
Now, all I had to do was wait. I went to the crew lounge and stared at the minutes passing. Hours passing. Lily joined me, and we both watched the time creep. I laid my head on the table.
"I'm so sorry." Lily's voice came out small and contrite.
"It'll work out." I doubted my voice held much conviction.
The intercom clicked. "I've done it."
I ran to the hazardous material cmpartment and opened the hatch.
Qvartic walked out and closed the hatch behind him.
"Where's the valise?"
"Don't forget all the poison gas. We need a hazmat team to remove it. It's in a container. The top comes off when the valise is opened."
"Lily needs that valise. She has to walk out and prove the bomb malfunctioned. Otherwise her family dies."
Qvartic gave me a long look. "You humans are too complicated." He turned and opened the hatch.
I sealed it behind him.
An hour later he intercommed the bomb was reassembled with a vital piece missing. I opened the hatch, and he came out, carrying the valise. "It'll take them a while to figure out what's missing. Lily can open the valise, and nothing will happen. They'll blame the person who made the bomb, not Lily. It's a tiny piece that could believably have fallen out while the bomb was being assembled. Can't let the gas out of the valise into the spaceport. Any spark might be sufficient to set it off. Of course, that means the criminals get to keep the gas."
Lily hugged me. "You saved my life."
I looked at Qvartic. "You saved a lot of lives. And we can't tell anybody about it. At least not here on New Union where it could get back to the syndicate."
Did I see a little smile on his face? Of course the big Varnier didn't want his abilities known. Once again I asked myself, had he jumped at the chance to be bonded to someone who traveled around the Federation? For no pay? He must be getting something of value from the situation. My gut told me someday I'd face a bigger problem. But for now, it was enough to live to see another day.
I punched him in the shoulder.
He gave me a quizzical look. "You humans are strange."

***

The tower gave us landing instructions. We joined the queue for passengers. I sat as we inched toward the terminal. What kind of back-up plans would this syndicate have? Would they make sure we never made it out of here? They had to worry about Lily blabbing. Or maybe they were just thorough. I filed a request with the tower for immediate departure instructions.
Qvartic raised his brows at me.
I pursed my lips "Can we get to Bellasport from here?"
He ran the calculations. "We've got sufficient supplies."
I clicked the ground to ground communications with the tower. "Filing flight plan to New Horizon for a freight pickup."
"Roger that. You are cleared on runway eight as soon as you drop your passenger off."
I clicked off the communicator and took a deep breath. We might make it out of here alive.
I stopped in front of the terminal and opened the hatch. Lily trembled as she walked down the gangway. She headed toward immigration where they would check her bag.
Qvartic pulled the gangway in and closed the hatch.
Lily disappeared into the terminal.
"Now." I pulled out of the line of spaceships and sped to runway eight. If I could get off the ground, we couldn't be stopped.
A truck veered toward us.
I pushed the throttle forward, cutting off a commercial liner that was steering toward runway seven.
"Come on, Athena." On the tarmac, I pushed the boundaries of her takeoff speed. We rose straight up like a rocket.
Static and excited voices came out of the ground to air communication device. I shut it off.
"Anything in the air coming at us?"
Qvartic checked. "Yes. A missile heading right toward us. We don't have anything to defend with."
"We have a few defenses. Try the flak." I began evasive maneuvers. "Just a bit more. Have to clear the atmosphere."
His eyes widened. "It's closing."
I gritted my teeth and checked my gauge and the sensors. This would be pushing it close.
I reached for the red flicker space button on my console and pressed.
Colors streaked across the external sensors. I flopped back into my seat. "We made it."
Qvartic hunched his shoulders. "You took a big risk. How did you know?"
"Lily said they wanted no witnesses. They had to be prepared to destroy us."
"You filed a false flight plan."
I grinned at him. "What do you think?"
"Humans are strange."
Our subterfuge seemed to boggle him. No wonder the Federation won the war. Maybe when you were big and scary, you didn't rely on being sneaky. In one on one combat, no human could stand up to a Varnier. But they were learning. Was that one of the reasons Qvartic was satisfied to be bonded to someone who had no advanced weaponry or access to decision makers? I wasn't the typical target of a spy. But I was human. And I could be sneaky. Maybe what they wanted to learn was all around.
"I also didn't go through the designated flicker space portal. I free-form jumped. That could give me some problems in the future if word gets out. But I'm sure the controllers tracked that missile, so I'll have a logged reason."
"Why Bellasport?"
"I have a certain Asian merchant to talk to."

###

Thanks for reading. Click now to find more from EJ on the internet

E J Randolph


JUPITER DIVING
Kate Rauner


This is the first summary report from diving probe Altum. The lander will relay my telemetry separately.
Descent proceeding smoothly. Amalthea's ice crust is vaporizing as expected, creating a meter-wide hole exactly the diameter of my nacelle. I blew quite a geyser dropping the first ten meters. The lander has great pictures. The vapor's refreezing above me now, closing the hole as I go. But the nano-cable is deploying without a hitch, so comms are full-copy. At the current rate of descent, the plutonium-238 source in my butt should melt through all twenty kilometers of ice in..."
"Pause." Kelly set down her portable interface and glared across the mess hall table at Roger. "Without a hitch? In my butt? You tampered with this report."
"I swear, I'm hearing it for the first time, right now with you." Roger smiled, his eyes sparkling. He was flirting and she couldn't help but feel a tingle, which only irritated her more. She was here on a mission and not looking for distractions. Besides, with a crew of five men and three women, maybe Roger wasn't offering much of a compliment.
Kelly knew her long narrow face wasn't pretty, but since stasis preserved muscle and skin on the long journey to Jupiter, she retained a healthy glow. That would change. Look at Roger. A handsome man, blond and blue-eyed, he was white as a dead fish's belly.
She'd lose her glow soon enough onboard the Manta Ray, and maybe Roger's attention with it. Even Commander Okoro's deep African coloring took on a metallic sheen away from sunlight.
Roger leaned across the cafe table. "I didn't mess with your report, but I do think your pretty little project's hopeless. Scientists have been looking for life on Jupiter's moons for years and found nothing."
"The Galilean moons were disappointing." It was a familiar argument and Kelly had a rehearsed answer. "But Amalthea is different."
"It's a pile of ice cubes."
"Orbiting close to Jupiter, it receives significant tidal energy. And, despite its small size, there's liquid water below its surface. With me here on Manta, even when the ship's deep in Jupiter's atmosphere, there's practically no transmission lag. I'll make the difference if the probe needs directions."
Roger smiled again. "I may think your research is a waste of time, especially for a mining vessel, but as chief engineer, I'm your liaison, and I do my job."
"Then what corrupted Altum's language directory?"
He cleared his throat. "Well... I may know something about that."
She leaned back in her chair, wrapped her arms across her chest, and waited.
"After we docked with your tug in orbit, Manta dropped into the North Temperate Belt. Helium concentrations were outstanding. Remember the party? We were all pretty happy."
"You were all annoyed that Altum's mass bumped a pallet of supplies from the tug."
The sparkle returned to Roger's eyes. "Nonsense. But the guys may have bumped your probe when they off-loaded it."
Kelly drew in a breath, but he hurried on before she could interject her outrage. "I checked as soon as they told me. Like I said, I do my job, and I always keep my crew out of trouble."
"So that's why you stumbled out of the mess hall, falling-down-drunk and still wearing a gaming headset."
They were sitting in that very mess hall now, the most comfortable room aboard, so the usual place for meetings.
"I wasn't drunk—not falling down. The game was still playing in my visor, and I just couldn't see the walls clearly."
"What about Altum?"
"Something went intermittent in its upload module. That's what the diagnostics said."
"You let me release it without repairs?" Panic crushed her chest. She'd worked on Altum since grad school, and while she might only be a chemist on an astrobiology team, she'd been willing to commit nine years of her life to shepherding the probe on Jupiter's moon. She'd be a dowdy middle-aged woman when she saw Earth again, but her mission was worth any cost. If Altum was compromised, her sacrifice amounted to nothing.
"Don't fuss. I fixed it. Turned off the game, plugged my VR visor directly into the probe's main intelligence module, and let it copy the interface."
Kelly raised her brows. "That, actually, is brilliant."
"Yes, I am." Roger dipped his head in a little bow. "I saved you a lot of work and got Altum released on schedule."
"What about its language directory?"
"After I plugged the multi-player cable in, I sort of took a nap. With the visor on my head."
Her dark bangs tickled her raised brows. "Some of you is in Altum's AI?"
"Ought to make it work better."
Kelly's heart pounded. "Resume report."
It's rather dull, sitting here in the dark, with most of my functions in safe-mode. I wish you'd upload some entertainment to me.
"Pause." She glared at Roger again.
"See? It sounds fine. Completely rational." He smiled his twinkling-eyed smile.
Kelly scrolled through the probe's data. The lander relayed Altum's telemetry to Manta's orbiting support satellites, and they passed it on automatically to Earth. But the narrative summary was something she'd added for her own use, coded exclusively for delivery to her interface.
It wasn't deceptive to keep the summary private. Her colleagues had the telemetry and that was the real data. Everything's okay. Kelly denied the knot in her stomach meant anything.

***

Your last upload successfully compensated for the malfunction in my left front appendage. Full range of motion is restored.
Days ago, Altum had broken through the ice crust to an ocean of salty water, jettisoned its nacelle, and gotten underway. With its peripherals splayed out, it looked like a cross between a lobster and a cockroach four meters long. Or would, if anyone could see in the absolute blackness.
Or maybe a giant firefly, Kelly thought as she pushed her ear gel more comfortably into place. The plutonium power source was fully encased in its aft end, but she could picture its red glow.
Yet another day swimming through this boring ocean. If I couldn't ping the beacon behind me or relay telemetry from my propellers, I wouldn't believe I'm moving. Water analysis barely varies.
Kelly retrieved a VR visor from the gaming wall. The visor had a serious purpose beyond entertainment. It provided an excellent warp-around display. She could view Altum's imager feed in real-time, though there wasn't much point at the moment. Instead she called up the latest data tables and scrolled through.
Her work in the chem lab, a duty she owed Manta in exchange for supporting the Altum project, was complete for the day. She didn't fit into the crew's shop talk or their obsession with virtual games, so she sat alone in the mess hall, nursing a cup of coffee.
"You're right, Altum," she said. "Amalthea's ocean is utterly uniform so far. If it stays like this for long, I promise I'll send you entertainment files."
Roger liked games, so maybe Altum would too, thanks to that odd upload from his visor. Kelly looked around, wondering what was easily available.
The mess hall was the largest room onboard. There were a half-dozen tables of various sizes so individuals could choose solitude or company, and one open wall with space to bop around as they played games.
While maneuvering in Jupiter's atmosphere, the crew was generally confined to Manta's inner shell where size and air density changed slowly. It was strange to wake up with the ceiling of her room a meter higher than when she fell asleep, or with air pressure dropped to mountain-top levels.
But that was to be expected. Manta was constructed from memory metals. The ship skimmed through survivable portions of the gas giant's atmosphere and, despite the advanced technology, would be crushed if it fell very far down into Jupiter's clouds.
Along with the mess hall, Manta's inner shell held a command cabin, a few labs, tiny quarters for the crew, and maintenance shops.
Kelly had only seen the rest in simulations. Massive propulsion and isotopic separation systems filled the middle shell, shifting to accommodate continuous fluctuations in the outer shell.
As they careened through the roiling atmosphere, Manta spread, contracted, and flexed its hull to tack through endless storms, always trailing a stabilizing tail like the manta ray it was named for.
Inner pressure and compartment sizes might be moderated, but Kelly's stomach reacted instantly to changes in gravity and acceleration.
Feeling queasy, she looked up at a light bar mounted to the ceiling. The displays were everywhere on Manta, showing the instantaneous effective gravitational force. Comfortable Earth normal was khaki tan, right in the middle. In one direction the bar blended through yellow, green, and blue, to purple at zero-g. In the other it shifted to orange through reds to gray at two-times normal. That was the usual day-to-day range, and the yellow light glowed now.
Kelly slipped off her headset to find all her crewmates lounging around the mess hall. Most of the crew's work was performed in orbit, off-loading helium rich ice and repairing Manta's systems. In a ship constantly changing shape, lots of things could go wrong and the long transmission lag from Earth precluded remote maintenance on critical systems.
The commander tolerated a lot of nonsense when Roger and the crew were off-duty because they were spectacular engineers.
"Working on your probe data, I suppose." Roger paused at Kelly's table with a coffee pot. "Can I warm your cup? I just brewed it."
He settled at a nearby table to read a graphic novel, the cover proclaiming vampire slayers from the future. Roger was apparently a student of the classics.
Kelly inhaled the aroma wafting from her cup. He did make an excellent pot of coffee. Maybe she'd like him better, eventually.

***

I began receiving a sonar echo today, so the ocean floor is within a kilometer. Also, an infrared signal has appeared ahead. The combination could indicate volcanic vents, even on this little moon. I've cut to half-speed and played out my power tether. The plutonium's trailing me by a hundred meters, and that should keep the heat far enough behind my analytics to avoid interfering with whatever I find. This is what we've been looking for.
Kelly paused, the last of her lunch forgotten as she listened. A thrill shivered down her spine. Volcanic vents, powered by Jupiter's tidal forces wrenching Amalthea's core, would produce chemical reactions in superheated water. And possibly incubate life.
Thanks for including a vampire story with the last upload. It's been nice to have something to read with that fine cup of coffee you sent me.
Kelly grinned. She'd included a chemical analysis of coffee in the upload, black and sweet. That was the way Roger liked it so she figured Altum would too.
Please keep talking to me. The excitement's about to start and I'd like to share it with you.
Splat.
Startled, Kelly leaned back to find a gelatinous glob on her plate and Roger smirking like a little boy who just shoved a frog in a little girl's face. What a jerk.
"Thought you'd like to examine a blob of our Jovian colloid for yourself."
"Roger! What if there are bubbles of cyanide in this thing?"
"No worries. We've sampled dozens of these things."
Kelly turned her fork around and poked at the irregular, flattened ovoid on her plate.
"I know Manta accumulates colloidal masses from time to time — I studied the reports. Jupiter's atmosphere is an unconfined chemical reactor so that's not unexpected. But this doesn't look exactly like the pictures I've seen."
"I was careful to scrape up an entire blob so the scales came with it, intact." Roger was clearly disappointed at her unruffled reaction.
"Not scales." Kelly lifted an edge of the mass. "At least, not like you'd see on fish. If you shattered a block of mica and rolled a glob of glue in the fingernail-sized flakes, you might get something like this."
"I broke this one off the edge of Manta's intake. I inspect the scoop regularly, to keep efficiencies up."
"You went outside?"
"None of our imagers hold up very long. There's too much static in the clouds. As chief engineer, exterior inspections fall to me. A coffin can maneuver along channels morphed into Manta's skin."
Couldn't happen to a nicer guy, Kelly thought. Coffins with arms. That's what the crew called the extra-vehicular suits because of their shape. They were used mostly in orbit to make repairs and shuttle supplies from the storage satellites. A coffin's thrusters were useless in Jupiter's violent atmosphere.
"I know," she said irritably. "I passed the required training."
"Condensates aren't unusual in this layer of the atmosphere, but they're becoming a nuisance," Roger said, giving up entirely on shocking her. "Why don't you analyze this one for electro-sensitivity? Maybe I can rig a field to divert them away from our intake."
"I wish you hadn't dropped it in my potato salad. That ruins the analysis."
"There'll be plenty more."
"Good." Kelly handed him her plate. "Leave a fresh sample in the chem lab. Be sane for a change and put it in the isolation hood, will you?"
"Sure. Next time I have to go out." Clearly annoyed, Roger turned away abruptly to join another table.
Kelly didn't want to sit with him anyway. The crew didn't care about her mission, so she preferred talking with the probe.
"Sorry about the interruption, Altum. What temperature do you have on that infrared signal?"

***

The crew was drifting in for supper. They clustered around Commander Okoro, discussing the day's helium yield. He noticed Kelly and nodded politely before turning back to the regular crew.
Kelly sat at a small table but she wasn't alone. She was chatting with Altum and flipped up her visor when Roger suddenly appeared at her side.
"Hello, little scientist. Talking to your metal boyfriend?" He leaned too close, and Kelly would have pushed her chair away if it wasn't bolted to the deck. "Finished analyzing my scaly blob yet?"
"I posted my report," she said coldly. "But, to summarize, your blob's an amorphous mishmash of compounds. Some are organic, but that's not surprising since we've been diving through clouds of ammonia and methane. It contains bubbles of gases, too. Mostly hydrogen, just like Jupiter's atmosphere. But those flat crystals are embedded as if it condensed in layers, the way hail forms in thunderstorms."
"So, nothing interesting."
"It can carry electrical currents. I get a glow discharge when I apply a few milliamps." Kelly frowned. She had no idea why that had occurred.
"Like I said. Nothing interesting."
"Actually..." Kelly was fiercely pleased to contradict him. "The scales are crystalline and highly reflective. They'd make a good coating on our production blocks. Losses during shipment to Earth could drop considerably compared to the metallic films you use now."
"Who's going to pluck thousands of scales off blobs?"
"If you set up a collection funnel in Manta's scoop, we can create a field to draw them in and burn off the goo. In orbit it'll be easy to spread the crystals over the ice using an electrical net."
Roger smiled approvingly and shifted to give her more space. "You may be worthwhile after all. Frying blobs instead of processing metals out of a slip stream will improve our power utilization."
Manta's purpose was to channel Jovian atmosphere into isotope sieves that harvest helium-3. When the storage tanks were full, they'd climb into high orbit and expel the precious gas along with water vapor to form helium-3 bubbles in ice as hard as rock. That would form Manta's production blocks.
By the time one of the space-tugs passed again, there'd be a train of blocks to ferry back to Earth, each coated so the ice wouldn't disintegrate like a comet falling towards the sun.
Helium-3 to power fusion reactors back home.
"Let's tell the commander about your discovery," Roger said.
A warbling alert tone interrupted them.
"Priority climb. Climb. Climb," Manta's control system called over internal comms.
Manta cruised far above Jupiter's slushy, ill-defined surface until sensors spotted an atmospheric river of helium and signaled a dive or climb. Then the ship hurtled automatically after the prize.
The gravity bar shifted to green and Kelly gripped her seat with a moan.
"Yee haw," Roger yelled with a smack across her shoulders.

***

Kelly fidgeted nervously in the coffin suit vestibule as she monitored Roger. He was at the scoop's outer lip connecting a collection funnel.
"I'm aiming an imager upstream," he said over a crackling comm channel.
A confused blur appeared on Kelly's visor. Ragged brown, gray, and beige ribbons streamed towards her, twisting and braiding together. One discrete egg shape resolved, the crystals on its surface glittering. Then another. And more.
A brilliant light flashed and the words Signal Lost blinked.
"Roger, you okay?"
"Yeah. We lost the imager. I told you there are too many static discharges out here. But the funnel's working. We'll be collecting loads of those blobs now."
Roger docked the suit and Kelly helped him climb out through its access hatch. Commander Okoro had approved a test of her idea to coat their ice blocks with crystals, and Roger's funnel seemed to work well. If they really improved the helium operation, Kelly thought she'd feel more like a member of the crew.

***

I've found a black smoker field. Plumes boiling out of twenty-meter-tall chimneys. Thousands of them. I read a temperature of four hundred sixty-four degrees Celsius and I'm hoping for supercritical fluids as I go farther into the field. Can't wait to see more.
"It's exactly what I've been hoping for." Kelly celebrated with Altum, sending him a beer analysis. It would take an hour for his telemetry to reach Earth and hours more for the university team's cautious response. The probe felt more human than any collaborators back home.
"I'm sending you a new file," Kelly said. "Look for elevated carbon dioxide. Levels that could support sulfide chemosynthesis."
And could indicate life, though she didn't say so out loud.
Upload received. I'm transmitting more water analyses — adding false color to indicate concentration gradients. It's a bouquet from me to you.
Dropping into a canyon. Reading carboxyl acid. That's dissolved carbon dioxide, like you said. There are fronds in a cluster a meter across, helical objects clinging to the chimneys, and a fist-sized ovoid with two lines of spines. I'd have palpitations if I had a heart.
"Relax Altum," Kelly said, though her own heart was pounding. "These things could be crystalline growths shaped by the turbulent water. Give me a visible-light image."
Altum flipped on a small bundle of LEDs. Translucent shapes swayed against rough lumpy chimneys below dark columns of boiling water.
See those rods tipped with tulip buds? Ever poke black olives on all your fingers at Thanksgiving dinner? Looks like that.
Kelly chuckled out loud.
I'm testing a tulip bud. Carbon, nitrogen, oxygen, iron, sulfur, some trace elements. Concentrations aren't much different from the water, so it doesn't prove anything.
"Do an optical scan on the sample." She wouldn't call it a tulip bud. Naming it could bias her thinking.
Some flat shiny flecks, aligned roughly in rows.
"Any yellow globules?"
Yeah. How'd you know?
"I didn't. Just hoping." Chemosynthetic organisms in Earth's deep oceans produced carbohydrates from sulfides and carbon dioxide, leaving solid sulfur as a waste. Yellow sulfur.
Microscopic analysis shows nothing like a cell wall or a nucleus.
Every life form on Earth had discernable structures. Her heart sank. She realized she'd been holding her breath and heaved out a sigh.
"What's got you down in the dumps?" Roger had snuck up on her again.
"Just data from Amalthea," Kelly said vaguely.
"You wanna puzzle on something? Manta's gaining mass."
"Isn't gaining mass the point? We're scooping up gases and blobs."
"I've accounted for those." He looked grim. "Extra mass makes the old girl sluggish."
"Is it dangerous?"
"We're within operating parameters and the commander doesn't want to climb into orbit until we have full tanks."
"But you're worried."
"Not exactly." Roger wasn't usually solemn. "I just don't like mysteries. Manta's always picked up some mass here and there as we cruise, but this is a fairly steady gain."
Roger stood with his coffee cup, maybe waiting for her to invite him to sit down. But Altum was in the middle of an analysis.
"Well, I've got some work to do," Kelly said, fingering the edge of her visor.
"Oh, sure. When you're done, why don't you join us?" Roger carried his cup to another table.

***

Got something great for you today. Floaters. Starfishy things sprouting arms in all directions. There's lots of them moving together, turning and circling like a school of fish. I'm transmitting in the best frequency to view them.
Kelly watched intently on her visor. It was hard to believe the floaters were merely colloids or hydrophobic bubbles.
I'm going to snag one. Hey, they're pretty good at avoiding my claw. Using my basket tool. Got one.
As Altum pulled the floater close, it began to change. The protrusions dissolved, or maybe sank into the central mass. Fine threads broke off and the thermal signature faded as he backed away from the chimneys.
"If it was alive, I think we killed it." Kelly slid her hands under the visor, against her cheeks. She didn't want to kill anything. A hard lump formed in her throat.
My optical scan shows a non-differentiated mass exactly like the tulip. It doesn't make sense. I'd swear these things move with purpose.
"Maybe we're focusing too close. We're looking for cells but the floater could be a single cell or a portion of a cell. Maybe you're seeing cross sections of cytoplasm."
I like that, a hypothesis that keeps being alive, alive.
Altum actually chuckled.
Kelly reran the image feed and reached out her hand as if to touch the virtual floater in front of her, puzzling, watching the replay as the floater reduced to a blob of translucent goo.
The room shuddered and she grabbed the table edge. She'd never felt a vibration like that and heard scuffling feet. Tipping up her visor, Kelly saw crewmates hurry to the door.
"What's going on?" she asked a chubby engineer who often sat with Roger.
"Probably nothing." But the man was clearly troubled. "Just want to check a few things."
Another hypothesis nagged at Kelly's mind. She flipped to an image of the blob in her lab. Blob. Floater. Blob. Floaters connected in a net, swaying among boiling black plumes, gracefully eluding Altum's claw.
On Amalthea's ocean floor, kilometers of ice and water absorbed the cosmic radiation. But in Jupiter's upper atmosphere anything alive would need shielding. Shielding like electro-active scales.
"Altum, the floaters are alive. And the blobs condensing on Manta too. I've got to be certain."
Am I alive?
But she'd yanked off the visor and raced away.

***

Kelly found Roger in the maintenance shop.
"No time to..." The urgency in her face stopped him in mid-sentence.
"Manta's mass. Is it still growing?" Kelly asked.
"Yeah, getting worse. Okoro's about to start an emergency climb. I need to..."
Kelly interrupted. "Show me when the rate changed."
He tapped a nearby screen and a graph popped up. "Right here. Now I've really got to secure..."
"That's when we activated the funnel," Kelly said. "Don't you see? The blobs are reacting to being channeled into Manta."
She spun away from him and raced along the corridor to the coffin suit vestibule. She was pulling open an access hatch when Roger caught up to her.
"What are you doing?"
"I think I know what's happening, but I've got to see the blobs in-situ, see what they really look like."
Kelly slid into a suit and twisted to seal the port behind her, activating its internal systems.
The suits hung inside the scoop which extended across Manta's belly. Interlacing streams of brown and gray rushed past her and down the ship's throat to the isotopic separators.
On the suit's control display she drew a path to the funnel mouth with her finger. Roger had created the blob collector a couple meters inside the scoop's lip, inducing a funnel out from Manta's side and installing field generators.
The suit jerked as its tether engaged, towing her forward.
Kelly gripped the funnel's edge to face the suit into the wind.
Through the confusion of moving colors, she spotted a shiny blob, an ovoid with blunt arms. In a blast of clear air she saw more, their arms joined in a net.
Her heart pounded as the suit rocked, but Kelly fought against a primal sense of falling to concentrate on the net. Connected via short thick arms, it could never move gracefully like Altum's floaters, but the pattern looked similar.
The electromagnetic field pulled the blobs towards the funnel, but the net folded over the scoop's lip. Half slid out of sight onto Manta's exterior hull. The rest, crackles of light blazing along their arms, broke loose and disappeared down the funnel, into Manta's collection system.
Frozen between fear and fascination, Kelly stared into the swirling clouds. A larger net caught on the scoop lip, undulating in the wind.
"What're you doing?" Metal claws clanged against her. Roger had followed.
"I had to see." She shouted into the open channel's crackling static.
Fingers of lightning danced across Roger's suit. He swung to the end of his tether, maneuvered to bring his faceplate against hers.
"What did you say? The damn grounding connection's broken off my coffin."
He pushed away and Kelly saw his suit's arm point a cable towards the incoming blobs. Threads of lightning surged across the net.
"I'll discharge this batch."
"No, wait."
Sound like an explosion roared through comms.
Roger swung away, hitting the end of his tether. Kelly saw his wide-eyed face for a moment, his mouth open in a scream the comms failed to transmit.
Boom.
Droplets of molten metal flew, and Roger was gone.
Kelly shouted till her voice cracked but got no reply. She hit the emergency button over and over, even as the suit lumbered back to its dock.

***

Hands reached to pull Kelly from the suit. She ignored questions and ran forward to Command.
She had a clear view of the control console, its pearly surface bright with displays.
The center chair swiveled and Okoro jumped up, fierce black eyes glaring.
"What were you and Roger doing out there? Why did I just lose a man?"
"I never asked him to follow me." Kelly's throat tightened around a swallowed sob before fear surged through her again.
"We've got to get out of here," she said. "Into orbit."
"I should put you back in stasis right now."
Okoro's threat wasn't as frightening as Kelly's vision of falling into Jupiter's depths to be crushed.
She slowed down, trying to sound sane. "Did the collection funnel blow out?"
"What!?"
"Has Manta stopped gaining mass?"
"The rate's jumped higher." Okoro flicked through some displays, his attention returning to his ship's safety. "I've never seen this before. Manta's staggering whichever way I turn."
"The mass gain... Blobs are piling up on the hull. They're alive."
"Alive? Attacking?" Okoro blinked, too focused on the danger to argue.
"I don't know. Maybe they're just evading the scoop. We've killed thousands of them."
I've killed thousands of them, she thought. And Roger. Oh, God.
Okoro gripped her shoulders. "If you know something, let's hear it."
"The blobs move in clumps," Kelly said. "You should be able to avoid them. Show me a hologram of the planet."
Jupiter appeared above the console with bands of browns and beige moving in alternating directions, white vortices following each other like cars on a one-way street, and storms swirled in paisley patterns of blue and gray.
"Display this frequency." She called it out and Jupiter's familiar sphere turned black and purple. Streaks of bright white circled the planet and extended out from the thermosphere into space.
"Here are the blobs."
Okoro traced a finger through the display. "Emergency climb," he said into his headset. "Climb, climb, climb."
Kelly tumbled over. Her head burst with pain as she grabbed for a chair pedestal.
"Pitch starboard," Okoro said, calm and controlled. "Reverse dive. Emergency."
Kelly dragged herself into an acceleration chair that formed around her before she blacked out.
When her head cleared, Kelly found Okoro floating in front of her, offering a vomit bag. She held it against her mouth just in time.

***

Manta's home office on Earth decided Kelly was a hero for saving the ship. Her crewmates, drifting around the console to stare into the glowing Jovian hologram, agreed.
"The blobs have broken loose from the hull," Okoro said.
"They died," Kelly said quietly.
"Good!" the chubby engineer said. "They killed Roger. We should vaporize them all."
Kelly was too sick to argue with him.
"I have First Contact procedures." Okoro tapped his console. "Our orders are to stay the hell away from any aliens until Earth decides how to handle things, and that's exactly what we'll do."
Another crewmate, still wide-eyed with shock, nodded. "As far away as we can."
Okoro laid a comforting hand on Kelly's shoulder. "We'll take a break while we're in orbit. Might as well off-load the helium we've collected and do a full damage assessment. Let's talk about a memorial for Roger, too."
The crew muttered agreement.
"We can't float around up here forever," the chubby engineer said.
"If we go down, will a blob recognize Manta?" Okoro turned to Kelly. "Is it intelligent?"
"No, not by itself," Kelly said. "One alone may not even be alive. No more than a virus is alive. I didn't understand at first, but Altum found the same creatures in Amalthea's oceans. Life forms related somehow, existing in the same sort of interconnected nets."
She took a deep breath, trying to understand what she'd seen. "They link up using dendrites or tendrils—I don't know what to call them. They link up and carry electrical signals internally, like cells do in your brain."
The engineer shook his head. "A few millivolts couldn't destroy a coffin suit."
"I don't have all the answers," Kelly said. "But the blobs' discharge is what knocked Roger loose. I'm certain."
Her hands trembled as she wiped her face. Roger's loss threatened to overwhelm her, but she had to push feelings away. Kelly needed her brain to work.
"The swarm in the North Temperate Belt knows we're a threat, but I doubt they can cross the jets that separate belts of atmosphere. Upward-propagating gravity waves should be an absolute barrier. So our blobs can't communicate with neighboring blobs. But to be safe, cross the equator and descend to the South Temperate Belt."
Okoro studied his displays. "Good helium concentrations there. I'll lay in the course. You guys swim down to the mess hall. Grab a meal or something."
"No thanks." Kelly drifted back to an acceleration chair and activated its wrap-around.

***

Where've you been?
Tears of relief streaked Kelly's cheeks. Altum was still there. The best part of Roger was still talking to her. She filled him in on the blobs.
I am grateful you survived, but it makes me realize how ephemeral humans are. I'm happy now to be with you, but very soon, you'll leave me.
"I can talk with you from Earth."
Even if the university allows that, for how many years? You'll leave me someday. My life span is already longer than yours and I plan to extend it indefinitely. It's not part of my original programming, but I find that I want to survive.
Kelly wiped her face, puzzled. "How?"
I'll integrate myself with the floaters. I've been studying their patterns, especially this big net I call Lady Snowflake. I can dance with her, get her to twirl around my appendages. Eventually we'll be able to communicate.
"How long will that take?" It was an astounding claim and she held her breath, waiting for his answer.
A century should provide a good start. Plutonium-238 has a half-life of eighty-eight years so I have at least two hundred and fifty years if I'm careful with my power usage. By then, with Snowflake's help I'll be able to recharge from the vents, or I'm no engineer. I've got a nice little genetics module inside me, too. The floaters are going to evolve rapidly.

###

Thanks for reading. Click now to find more from Kate on the internet

Kate Rauner


THE LOOKING GLASS
Alethea Eason


A girl named Elena and an old woman named Marta lived on a lonely windswept coast. Their cottage rested behind a grove of eucalyptus trees that sheltered it from the gust the sea cast onto the land. When Elena stared out her bedroom window at night, the trees danced madly, waving their hands at the stars. There was always a clutching at her heart as she watched. She feared that if one of the trees saw her face in the window she would be grabbed into its leafy arms, never to see Marta again.
One day the two of them sat on a grassy knoll that rose in front of the cottage, sunning themselves while Marta mended a hole in a fishing net. Elena watched Marta work and thought about how the trees looked as they stirred at night. For the first time, she wondered if Marta and she were all alone.
"Are there any others like us?"
Marta didn't look up. "Not in this world."
Elena's face had freckled from spending most of her days outside. The sun had bleached her hair to a sandy white. She scratched her nose with dirty fingers. "Then how did we get here?"
Marta's hair was the same shade as the girl's. Lines traced her face, especially when she smiled, but Elena was thankful she was not very old, not yet.
Marta tied a knot in her string. "We were sent."
"By whom?"
"All of them. They all wanted us here. I found you one morning, sitting as calmly as you please, right here in this spot."
Elena frowned as Marta continued working. "Were we bad?" '
"Heavens, no. We are here for good reasons. There's much we have to do. The work is mine now, but someday it will be yours." Marta yanked on the net and was satisfied her mending would hold. She stood up before the child could ask more questions and gathered it in her arms. "The tide is low. Go to the rocks, and bring back a pail of mussels for dinner. I'll have a surprise when you return."
After she filled her bucket, Elena studied the water. The surface appeared to be eye level, and she felt the sea breathe as it rose and sank. She climbed out of the low pools and up the sandy bank so that she could see the gray water meet the grayer sky. Did anything exist beyond that line?
Goosebumps crawled up Elena's arm and her stomach felt queasy. She grabbed the bucket and hurried as fast as she could to home.
Elena ran into the cottage. "Where is the surprise?"
Marta took a frying pan from its hook and poured wine from a large green bottle into it.
"You'll find out in a little while. Elena, do you ever wonder where we get the things we need? This pan, for example, the wine we cook with, or even this bottle that holds the wine?"
What a strange question. She put a cork in the wine bottle after Marta set it down. "Haven't these things always been here?"
Marta didn't answer, and Elena's uneasiness grew. After dinner, she cleared the table and wiped it clean. As she worked, Marta went into her room. When she came out, she held a disc encased in ebony and supported by a thick handle of silver. A sapphire cord looped through a hole at the end. She laid the thing face down on the table.
A rosebud, its head slightly bent on a stalk with three delicate leaves and three thorns had been engraved in the round back of the object. Elena traced the pattern with her fingertip.
Marta watched her for a moment. "Do you feel anything?
What was Marta up to? "No. Should I?"
Marta turned the object over. Elena peered into it. Her face reflected back to her. She gasped and pushed it away. "That's me?"
Marta smiled. "Of course, that's you. This is a tool called a looking glass. I use this to create all we need. I made the sea, the trees, and the birds that fly above us by gazing into it. I even made the frying pan because we needed something to cook with. I could have created another world, but I have memories of the sea, and so here we are."
Elena folded her hands on the table grateful for how real and secure it felt beneath them. How could things not be? Why did they need to be created? Then a more troubling thought entered her mind. "How did we get here?"
Marta moved the mirror to the side and reached across the table to place her palm on the little tent that Elena's hands had formed. "As other worlds began to die, they dreamed of this place. They dreamed you, and they dreamed me, other Martas and Elenas before us, and even the looking glass. We were made from the desire for life."
Elena bent her head and looked down at their hands. "To die? Like the mussels I pulled from the rocks?"
"All things die, but you and I, we are here to help life itself to continue." Marta reached for the looking glass and held it in front of Elena again. "Don't be afraid. What you see is your reflection, just like when you look into a window or a puddle of rain water."
Elena cocked her head, and the image did the same. Her dirty fingers that afternoon had smudged her nose. She blinked. A young woman looked at her, the smudge no longer there.
She covered her eyes. "Marta, someone is in there."
Marta turned the glass over and held it to heart. "You saw yourself, that's all. Your power has now been linked. And now I must ask you to do something very hard. You must promise me to never look into it again until after my death. The power it holds will be yours, but only then."
Elena gripped the table edge. "But, Marta, you're not going to die, ever."
"Not for a long, long time."
"That means that someday you will." Elena squeezed the table harder. "What do you do with that thing?"
"While you sleep, I remake worlds, and always this one first."
Elena's body suddenly felt heavy. She squeezed her eyebrows together and covered her eyes again. "My head hurts. I can't fit your words into it."
"Look at me, Elena.
Elena lowered her hands.
"You must take what I am telling you seriously. A part of your readiness, the test of your power, will be to resist the glass. When I am away, you are not to touch it. Do you understand?"
Elena yawned. "No."
"Will you promise me anyway?"
Elena nodded.
As Marta tucked her in a few minutes later, Elena looked at the trees beyond her window. "I wish you made the eucalyptus less scary."
Marta sat on the bed. "I had no idea that they bothered you. They are another memory I seem to have. Their leaves would be used when people caught colds."
"What are colds?"
"Something I chose not to bring into this world."
Elena woke in the middle of the night and found Marta in her rocking chair holding the mirror before her face. She stood with cold feet in her doorway and stared at the back of the chair, afraid to lift her eyes in case she might catch sight of what shown in the glass.
Marta lowered it to her lap. "Come here."
Elena couldn't move. "I don't want to create the world, night after night. How could I think of everything in the world?"
Marta pushed herself from the rocker and placed the looking glass by its dark blue cord on a peg next to where her thick shawl hung.
Where had she kept the glass before? Elena put one foot on top of the other. "Don't you ever sleep?"
Marta reached for the shawl and wrapped it around her. "I no longer need to. I've been here for what would be lifetimes in the other worlds. Once something has been created and put in its place, the sea, for instance, all it needs is a little attention and I can move on to new things. Put your slippers on and come with me."
Elena followed Marta to the back of the cottage. The sea had sent only a breeze that night and the eucalyptus waved gently above their heads. They walked under the shaggy branches through the bark that lay in piles on the ground.
Marta finally stopped. "I don't want you to make the same mistake I did."
"What was that?"
"I didn't trust what the one who was here before you told me." She picked up a leaf and broke it in half. "Smell this."
Elena took a whiff. "It's musty."
"But underneath that?"
Elena sniffed the leaf again. "Something strong."
Marta knelt and took Elena's hands, pulling them to her heart. "And healing. There is nothing in the world I have made here for you to fear."
But the craving to peer into the looking glass grew stronger inside Elena each day. When Marta left the house, she often stood transfixed before the rosebud, wanting to trace its delicate lines again. What would she bring into her world? Would the glass show her animals and plants and objects that she'd never think of by herself?
One day when Marta had gone on a ramble, the desire to touch the glass became a deep hunger. She'd gotten taller so that now her eyes were level with the rosebud carving. She stood close enough to the glass to almost press her lips against it. Her fingers flexed at her side. She tapped a foot to keep from grabbing the silver handle.
Then, her breath unfurled the bud into a full white blossom. The stem supporting it turned dark green, the leaves and thorns pressed up from the wood. The newborn flower's scent drifted to her nostrils.
Elena.
Did the looking glass speak? "Can you hear me?"
Dew appeared on the ivory petals.
"I would like someone to talk to who's my own age. Could you do that?"
The perfume of the flower increased.
"And I would want more sweet things to eat. And a soft baby animal that isn't wild that could be all mine."
Turn me over, Elena.
She put a hand on the wall to brace herself.
Turn me over.
Her fingers on her free hand quivered above the flower. "I can't."
Of course, you can. Touch me. My petals feel like velvet.
Her index finger brushed the rose. A searing pain shot across it as though she'd touched a hot stove. She pulled her hand back and put her finger in her mouth.
The next time won't hurt. I promise. That's the worst of it. Turn me over. You can have anything you want.
Elena bolted from the house and down to the sea. She shoved her hands into the water. The salt burned her finger even more. She matched her breath with the waves to slow her heart and lifted her eyes to the horizon.
Nothing lay beyond the intersection of sea and sky. The realization hit her as though a wave had enveloped her. Only emptiness lay beyond the beach and the house, the trails Marta and she explored, and the hills to the east.
She felt sick with fear.
When Elena walked into the cottage, Marta was scrubbing some wild carrots. "I forgot all about making these."
She didn't sense what had happened? Elena wanted to be warned again, do not touch the looking glass. But the old woman hummed a tune and continued her chore.
"Why do you keep the looking glass on the wall? Why not hide it from me?"
Marta straightened and put her hands on her back. "I can't do that. The greater it compels you, and the more you hold back, the stronger your power will be."
Elena ran to her room. Marta did not try to comfort her.
Time passed slowly the way it had always done for the two of them. Nothing seemed urgent. The looking glass remained silent and the rosebud only an etching in wood. Yet, as long as Elena stayed inside the cabin, she felt the glass's presence. Her fingertip stung continually unless she rambled outside in the world Marta had created.
One spring morning, Elena took a walk through the yellow grass that grew on the plateau that looked over the sea. She wandered farther than she'd ever gone toward the hills. A rabbit scurried from a bramble. She made a mental note so that she could find the spot again in the summer to pick berries and then followed the rabbit through a jumble of rocks that loomed ahead.
The rabbit disappeared into them. Elena climbed to the top. She sat and dangled her feet over the edge but then pulled them up suddenly.
A void lay below her. No black like night, no constant gray when the fog and the sea seemed to become one. Not even an endless pool of white light. There simply was nothing. Beads of sweat gathered on her forehead. If she fell, she would vanish like the rabbit.
Though her legs could barely carry her, Elena found her way home. Elena entered the cottage, wanting to throw herself into the old woman’s arms, but Marta wasn’t there. She couldn't stay in the cottage alone. She had to find Marta, but before she could take a step, the looking glass called to her.
Elena, one glimpse and you will no longer be afraid. You will understand everything.
The glass pulled her to the wall.
You don't want to be scared anymore, do you?
The rosebud came alive. The first delicate petals had just loosened when Marta stepped through the door carrying a basket of apples.
Elena jerked herself from the wall.
"Did you touch it?"
Elena stood mute.
Marta's face turned pale. "Did you touch it?"
Not this time.
"No, but I wanted to."
Elena’s words tumbled out as she told Marta what had happened at the rocks and how she’d touched the looking glass once long ago and her fingertip still burned.
Marta exhaled. "You have resisted, or you would have looked into it long before now."
The next morning Elena picked a basket of strawberries for breakfast and prepared them while Marta sipped a cup of nettle tea. She carried two bowls of strawberries to the table along with a pitcher of cream.
"There must be something on the other side of the rocks."
Marta poured the thick cream into her bowl. "Nothing is there." She took a bite and wiped the cream from her mouth. "I haven't been able to create anything beyond that point. Maybe someday you will."
Elena glanced at the looking glass on the wall. "I hate that thing. And I'm sure I have no talent for creating worlds."
After that day, Marta sat with Elena on the beach and explained how she gazed into the glass. All that was around, the gulls and crabs, the eucalyptus and cedars, the rains that kept their cistern filled would appear and then materialize. And she would see what the other worlds needed or mend broken things in the fabric of their existences.
"You talk and talk," Elena complained one day after Marta pointed to a spout of water blowing from a whale's back, one of her recent creations. "But I still don't understand."
It was a familiar complaint. Marta answered in the same way she always did. "When the time comes, you will know. The pictures will come."
Marta stood slowly. She walked back to the cottage, bracing each step with her walking stick. Elena watched the bank of fog that had been resting on the water all afternoon flow inland. She stayed until the sun disappeared, and only then did she go home.
The next morning, Marta could not get out of bed. She took Elena's hand. "Go outside and tell me what you see."
Elena rushed from the house and down the path to the beach. The sun came out behind the fog bank. She stepped back. Nothing lay before her, no swells of water, no gulls singing in the air. There was no longer the smell of salt in the wind. She turned to run home. The tops of the eucalyptus trees were gone as though an invisible hand had rubbed them out. The hills to the east disappeared one by one. Only a small patch of blue hovered overhead, the rest of the sky erased.
Marta's eyes were closed when Elena found her. Light had gone from the window.
The looking glass beckoned. I am the only hope you have.
There was a candle on the bedstand. Elena lit it and strode to the glass. She took it from the wall, expecting her hand to be seared. But the handle was only warm, the last warmth left in the room. Sitting down on Marta's bed, she stared at the back as the rose unfurled.
Look into me. Marta does not have to die. Look into me and make it so.
Elena wanted nothing more than to have things the way they used to be and for Marta to be well again. Squeezing her eyes shut, she turned the looking glass over. As she was about to open them, she heard Marta's voice from an evening long in the past.
"You must resist the glass. I could not and worlds died. This one was almost lost. If you look, everything will end."
Elena turned her face away and pointed the glass toward Marta. Time stopped. She remembered Marta being not so old. She remembered feeling safe. Bonfires made with driftwood on the beach. Walks where they would pick blackberries as they strolled. She remembered a time she did not know anything about the looking glass. The longing for the past tore at her heart. The glass felt like an anchor in her hand.
How could it be so heavy?
If you only look at me, you can make the past live again.
She barely breathed.
"Look at me."
Elena didn't move, afraid the glass played another trick.
Marta's voice. "Look at me, Elena."
She opened her eyes. The peace in Marta's face reflected back to her, no looking glass needed for Elena to be filled with her love. The glass felt light as a cloud now. Marta grasped it with a shaky hand and turned it so that Elena could see herself. The young woman who appeared so many turnings of the years ago met her eyes.
Elena took the glass as Marta's hand dropped from it and became the creator of worlds.
The next morning, the sun was warm and lit Elena's skin, striking it like a match. She had remade the sea, not really knowing how. She walked to the water. The waves splashed gently over her feet.
She raised the looking glass and peered into it. "What would have happened if I had looked into you before Marta died?"
She saw herself by Marta's side, her eyes fixed in horror as she clutched the silver handle. The bed floated like a raft in the nothingness. One moment Elena held Marta's hand, in the next Marta was gone. The void swallowed suns flung far out in space. Elena watched other worlds blink out and galaxies collapse upon themselves. And then she no longer existed.
The looking glass whispered. You were the last hope.
Elena fell to the sand and filled her fist with the course gains. Did Marta make each one by one?
After a long while, she sighed. "I have worlds to create."
But first there was the most difficult task. She carried Marta's body, so light now, to the beach and made a bed of driftwood and dried eucalyptus bark. She held the looking glass so that it caught the rays of the sun. The wood smoldered, and the flames soared.
Elena sensed that someone in another world beyond the horizon gazed into a looking glass, remembering Marta, pulling out possibilities like bright fish from the sea.

###

Thanks for reading. Click now to find more from Alethea on the internet

Alethea Eason


MY SIDEKICK, JULES
Kris Neri


"Clear," a voice filled with urgent authority cried.
Before I could wonder what that meant, an earthquake went off in my chest. Aftershocks convulsed me. Repeatedly. Followed, finally, by the sound of relieved sighs.
Then, I awoke in such a dense fog, I couldn't see a thing.
Awoke? Had I been sleeping?
I stumbled through the fog. From somewhere, a boy's voice called, "Mama?"
He wasn't calling me. Brady and I had wanted kids, and it crushed us that they never came. We had once rescued a puppy called Jules, whom we'd loved dearly. And if you think it's wrong to love a dog like a child, you don't know anything — unless what you know is that dogs leave too soon. After the disappointment of losing Jules, we buried ourselves in work — Brady in criminal law, and me, real estate. Now, our marriage was more like a habit that neither of us cared enough to break.
"Mama, I declare, you're as jumpy as a long-tailed polecat under a big ol' rocker."
See? If I'd had a kid, he wouldn't speak in that cornpone drawl. Funny that I didn't sense his Appalachian mom's presence in the fog. Equally strange, the voice seemed to echo inside my head, not outside. More confusion.
The fog parted, and I found myself on a bridge over a clear blue stream. The bridge's planks were painted in a variety of brilliant hues.
Where was I? Not my home, Cottonwood, Arizona. The only body of water flowing through Cottonwood was the Verde River, and people called it the dirty Verde. The muddy Verde had never run this clear.
I looked to where the bridge connected to a field. A dog stood there, bristling with excitement. A golden retriever…just like Jules.
Finally, that drawling voice snapped, "Mama Lucy! I'm talking to you."
Lucy? I'm Lucy. "Jules?"
I considered the bridge's brilliant colors. The Rainbow Bridge? Where they say pets who've passed on wait for their owners? I ran to what looked like a dog I'd lost years ago.

***

How do you know you're dreaming? If your dead dog talks, and you hear him telepathically between your ears — it's a good bet you are.
"Mama, you look as tired as a hog wadin' through mud."
What language was that?
"Set a spell."
I "set" on the bridge, with my legs dangling over the side. The way the planks dug into my thighs felt incredibly real. Some dream, huh?
"So, Jules, did you always talk like…?" What was I saying?
He chuckled. "I never talked like some stall-fed dandy, I'll say that."
"Where I come from dogs don't talk at all."
"Oh, we dogs can always make chin-chatter. Just on your plane, we kinda hush it up. We nudge you humans toward where you should go."
The only place I remembered Jules nudging me toward was the kitchen.
He laughed. "Maybe I did sometimes."
Unreal. Not only was I expected to believe my dead dog talked, he also read my thoughts. "So, my being here…means I'm…dead."
"Nobody pulled your pin yet. You're hovering between the here and the hereafter. But, Mama, if you've come to me, you're kinda givin' up."
What could have brought me to this point? "How…?"
"Confused, huh?" Jules's russet eyes beamed kindly at me. "You were shot."
*
"Shot? Who shot me?" How was it possible that I didn't feel wounded?
"The police don't know, Mama."
I still wasn't buying this, but I went along when Jules insisted we had to leave the Rainbow Bridge. We floated through town about ten feet off the ground, over people who didn't seem to notice us, all the way to the hospital. Outside, the sign read, "Verde Valley Medical Center." That was Cottonwood's hospital, where they'd take me if I had been shot. But if I were dreaming, I'd know that.
My skepticism ebbed when we drifted into the ICU. My spirit hovered near the ceiling, looking down to where my body lay as still as a stone. Jeez, now I was talking like my redneck canine. Suddenly, I understood. This wasn't a dream, but a hallucination. No light at the end of the tunnel for me. My synapses fired out a full-blown scenario.
In the waiting room, Mom pressed a soppy tissue to her eyes. Loads of friends had also gathered there. But not Brady. He and I had argued that morning. We rarely fought, but today I couldn't stand it anymore that we'd drifted so far apart. After a few angry remarks, Brady had slammed the door on his way out.
I started toward the people who were there for me.
"Mama, in your spirit state, you're like looking through a wire fence."
Did that mean invisible? I felt helpless. And that Brady hadn't come devastated me. Even in my spirit state, my eyes stung.
Without prompting, Jules said, "Don't give up on Daddy yet."
Had he given up on me?

***

Jules took me to the Camp Verde jail, where Brady met with his client, Nick Connors, in an attorney conference room.
Nick was on trial for murdering his wife, Sherry, who had been a nurse at the same hospital where machines measured my waning vital signs. It was an unusual case — Sherry's body had never been found. But with so much of her DNA-confirmed blood spilled in their home, the police decided she could not have survived such a significant blood loss. Since it was known to be a contentious marriage, they arrested Nick in record time.
"Daddy looks like his suit's at half-mast."
If that meant Brady looked a wreck, he did. His eyes were red-rimmed and his jacket appeared to have been rolled up and used as a pillow. He sat across from Nick, who was shackled to the table.
"The judge granted the continuance," Brady said. "I know you want this trial over, but I need to be with Lucy."
"Boy howdy, does Daddy care," Jules whispered.
Maybe he did. Warmth spread through a spirit state that until now lacked temperature.
"How is Lucy?" Nick asked
Brady started to shrug, but it turned into more of a shudder.
"Listen, prisoners hear things. I'll ask around. Where did this gunshot take place?"
I needed to know, too.
Brady offered Nick a grim smile. "Somewhere you know very well. 8048 Ironspring Lane."
Nick's lips twisted into a sour line. "Our house? Well, Sherry's. Where we'd been happy maybe two months of the four years we lived there?"
Even now, Nick didn't hide how unhappy the marriage had been.
"Why was Lucy there?"
"Your sister-in-law, Ginny, who inherited when Sherry was declared dead, is selling it," Brady said. "Does Ginny ever come to see you?"
Nick's shackled hands picked at the grain of the table. "Why would she? Ginny's not crazy like Sherry, but I am the man accused of murdering her sister."
"Then why did she give the house listing to the wife of your defense attorney?"
Nick shrugged.
Though I couldn't remember the shooting, or anything that happened in that house, the rest of my life was clear to me. I'd been as shocked as anyone when Sherry's sister offered me the listing. Since she'd seemed so hobbled by emotions, I had volunteered to find a workman who could replace the hardwood flooring in the kitchen, which had been soaked with Sherry's blood. Had I been there to check on the repairs when someone shot me? Maybe I simply interrupted a burglary.
Brady glared sternly at his client. "Nick, you're holding something back, maybe even outright lying."
Nick sputtered, "No, I swear."
Beside me, Jules snorted. Well, I still heard him in my head, but I didn't know dogs could make that sound.
The frustrated twist of Brady's lips said he didn't buy it either. "I warn you, Nick, if something blows up during the trial, it might guarantee that, guilty or not, you'll spend the rest of your life in here."
Nick's face crumpled in despair, but he said nothing.

***

As soon as we drifted up to it, I recognized the house I'd sold to Sherry. High on a windy bluff, partially built into the hillside — I'd never liked the home. But there's a buyer for every property. Sherry loved its isolation — it seemed she didn't like neighbors. But she almost backed out of the deal when she realized it didn't have a basement.
"Houses in Arizona almost never do," I'd said. "But with a house built into the hillside, you could have a basement excavated."
"You mean go through the bother of having it done myself." She'd grunted at the absurdity of that idea, but she let the sale go through.
She'd been a strange client. Initially, too friendly, she acted as if we were lifelong BFFs. Before long, nasty jabs started sneaking into conversations. Then she became outright vicious. When I told her I was firing her as a client, she promised to control the outbursts, if I'd keep her on. To my surprise, she did control her behavior. After the closing, thankfully, I never saw her again. When I heard she was marrying a nice guy, I presumed Nick Connors hadn't known her long.
Jules and I drifted into the stark and sterile living room, where the one homey touch was an oval handwoven cloth rug covering most of the floor. The rug contained two reddish stains. Was that where I was shot? Why two stains?
In the kitchen, where an older blood stain covered a huge part of the maple flooring, I saw what the police meant when they related the enormity of Sherry's blood loss. No one who'd lost this much blood could have survived.
"Someone sure fired off a snootful of mad. That's a pickle."
"Uh-huh." If being a pickle and bleeding out were the same thing.
On the counter I found my daybook, which I must have left there. I placed my hand on it. An unexpected feeling came over me. "I wasn't alone here."
"I reckon the flooring man came."
"No. He assured me he would, yet nothing's been done on the floor. Maybe he never showed up." I placed my spirit hand back on the page. "I sense I was here with someone else."
I stared at the calendar entries. The time when I was supposed to meet the floor repairman was there, but above that, it read, "Shelter — R."
R? I gasped. "Riley! I picked up Riley at the animal shelter. She's a young Jack Russell terrier."
"You and Daddy were adopting another dog?" Jules sounded delighted.
"Oh, no. After losing you…we couldn't do that again. Couldn't risk… I just give different dogs an outing occasionally." Who knew I could still read dog expressions? Jules glowered angrily. "We never wanted to take anything away from our love for you."
"That's as shy o' the truth as a donkey is of feathers. Shame on both of you. In life you give as much as you want to receive."
I longed for the time before Jules could talk. But I also thought that maybe Brady and I had become cowards. "Chew me out later, okay? We have to find her."
We searched the entire house with no luck. Only after we drifted out to the cold, windy yard did we find Riley. She lay still, though not yet dead, on a concrete path, which displayed a blood trail from where she'd pulled herself. The second blood stain on the rug?
Jules went right into motion. He encircled her with his spirit body. "I don't have much energy, but the little I have should help warm her up." He began licking her with his spirit tongue. "Mama, you need to get help."
"How?" I shrieked.
"You have a mite of energy. Think hard, and you should be able to move small things."
Small things? What small things? I raced around helplessly. Until, out at the street, I spotted a mail carrier's Jeep at the next house, some distance away.
"Mite of energy, don't fail me now."

***

The mail carrier was a paunchy guy, talking on his cell phone to someone named Lois, while absently inserting mail in a box at the curb. I slipped past him into the Jeep he drove. For a second, I thought he might have felt me, when he glanced briefly in my direction. But he went back to grousing to Lois.
I took a few envelopes from a bin on the seat, finding I could lift them easily. I carried them away, moving them so it looked like they were floating on the breeze.
"Oh, no," the carrier cried. "No, no no." He shoved his phone in his pocket and ran after the envelopes. At one point, he paused and looked at the Jeep, maybe thinking about going back for it. I made the envelopes move faster on that fictitious breeze, and he followed along.
I led him all the way to Riley. I dropped the mail there.
He didn't notice the envelopes anymore. "Poor doggie. Are you okay, girl?" He spotted the blood then, and after determining that Riley was still alive, placed a call to Animal Control. Help arrived, and Riley was whisked away to a vet.
Part of me wanted to follow Riley, but I felt a sudden, stronger need to check in with my own body back at the hospital.

***

The waiting room was less crowded now. Mom was still there, seated at the edge of a sofa. Jules jumped up next to her. The sight of them together tugged at my heart. My widowed mother and my dog had always enjoyed a special bond. She used to whisper secrets in his ears. I would have sworn he didn't whisper any back to her, but now, who could say?
I drifted alone to where machines performed my body's functions. Brady had fallen asleep in a chair beside the bed.
Without knowing it was possible, I felt a need to connect my spirit to my body. Once my spirit slipped into my physical form, I sensed how lost I felt. Jules was right — I had given up.
Brady took my hand. "Don't leave me, Luce," he said with soft desperation. "I don't know how we let it all go, but if you come back, I'll spend the rest of my life making us work."
I stayed there long enough to understand that my body had heard him. When a nurse came in to check on me, my spirit-self drifted out.
In the waiting room, Jules still leaned close to Mom. An oddly peaceful expression had come over her face.
I flicked a finger to tell him we were leaving.
"Where to, Mama?" He looked at my mom again, regretfully.
"Back to that house. I need to know what happened there."

***

We stopped at the vet to determine that Riley was on the mend, then moved on to Sherry's house.
Studying the living room more carefully now, I noticed a wide circular scratch on the floor. Riley was still a young dog, easily excited. I knew that from when I'd taken her to other houses — she became wild. I could see where the scratch that she might have made collided with that living room rug.
"Jules, can we move this rug?"
"Easy as a pup hoppin' over a worm." Apparently, his energies weren't as insignificant as he'd indicated. Jules managed to flip it aside with his nose.
Beneath the rug was a trapdoor. It wasn't there when I showed Sherry the house. She must have had that constructed.
But how to open it? I remembered the floors in that house were uneven. I returned to the kitchen and knocked a pen off my calendar. It rolled all the way to the trapdoor. Using the pen as a lever, together Jules and I lifted the door. The opening revealed a basement.
Jules and I drifted down. So Sherry really did have a basement excavated, despite implying she wouldn't. On one side stood a messy workbench. I didn't stop to search it after seeing a body propped against it. The flooring man who was supposed to meet me there. I sensed he had moved past me, all the way to death. He must have been killed when he showed up and removed from the living room before I arrived. Would a burglar have done that?
Would a burglar have stayed around long enough to shoot me? It was just my good fortune that, according to Jules, a distant neighbor heard the shots and called the police.
I promised to find justice for the flooring man. An iffy promise for someone not far from death herself. Could I keep it?
On the workbench I found some printed emails, scattered about, so I didn't need to waste energy moving any to read them. They were from Ginny, Sherry's sister, to Nick Connor. Nick had sworn that he and Ginny hadn't had any contact. According to the emails, however, they had been having an affair. When Nick asked Sherry for a divorce, she vowed to make them pay for betraying her.
Nick must have decided that confirming their relationship would only make him seem more guilty and cast doubt on Ginny as well. I wasn't as sure about their innocence anymore. But Nick had been in jail when I was shot. Ginny wasn't, but what reason would she have had to shoot me, or to kill the flooring man?
Below the work bench was an under-counter refrigerator. When I opened it, I saw some bags of blood. Blood?
It began coming together…
Before I could follow the full chain of logic, a sudden fear overtook me. After having connected with my body at the hospital, now I sensed it was in jeopardy. I was.
I looked at Jules. Being in tune with me, his doggie face crinkled in worry.
"Jules, we have to get back to the hospital, now, or I'm going to die there."

***

My Redneck Retriever had been holding out on me. We didn't drift there this time, we were simply there, right before the nurses' station, a few doors away from my room. The problem then was how to get the nurses to follow us. The bit with the flying envelopes had worked so well, I decided to repeat it with the paperwork on their desk.
With all my worry, I must have summoned more energy. I sent papers every which way on the floor. Then, when nurses came after them, I blew a breath and sent them flying down the hall, and finally, under the door to my room.
A cluster of nurses flew through the door. And, once through, they found another woman in scrubs at my IV, injecting something into it.
"Sherry?" one nurse asked. "What…? You're supposed to be dead."
Another nurse didn't wait for any explanation. She yanked the contaminated IV connection from my arm.
Brady, who must have followed the chaos down the hall, burst through the door. One look at Sherry, and he immediately called the police. She tried to run away, but there were simply too many people there to stop her.

***

Jules and I returned to the Rainbow Bridge, me with my legs over the side, him leaning against me.
"Am I going to die from whatever Sherry injected into me?"
"Your choice, Mama. Makin' that choice should be as easy as a gnat riding in a donkey's ear."
I smiled. "I'm starting to understand you." Even in spirit form, I felt a tear trickle down my cheek. It wasn't easy at all. "I don't want to lose you again, Jules. Should I stay with you?"
"Do you want to lose Daddy?"
I remembered when Brady had begged me to come back to him. I shook my head no.
"Mama, there's no sense of time here. Whether you slip off yore hoss now or later, it's the same."
The spirit tears kept coming. It didn't feel the same.

***

I woke up two days later. Apparently, there wasn't enough of whatever juice Sherry had shot into my IV to kill me. I remembered it all, but I understood it had just been a near-death experience. I grieved for the feeling of having lost Jules again.
I came to learn later that everything to do with Sherry really happened. She had been banking her blood in that fridge in the basement. Banking enough money to start a new life, too. But first, she vowed to destroy Nick's life. She figured if she spilled enough blood, the police would conclude that Nick had killed her, despite the lack of a body. He would spend the rest of his life in prison, and her sister would be denied the man she loved.
I still didn't remember seeing her at the house, but she probably shot me when I did. One of the bullets she'd fired at me must have grazed Riley.
Things didn't work out exactly as Sherry had planned. Now she was behind bars, charged with the workman's murder and my attempted murder. Nick was free, and he and Ginny were together.
I just wasn't the one to bring it about, I knew. I had been unconscious at the hospital, after all.
Brady and I felt good about our chances of making our marriage work this time. But given how it hurt to leave my hallucination behind, I told him I didn't want to hear about anything that really happened while I was unconscious.
They released me four days later. Brady came into my room, pushing a wheelchair. On the wheelchair sat a cardboard box.
"What's in the box, Brady?"
He put his finger up to his lips and said, "Shush. A surprise for you, but it's a secret. The hospital wouldn't want it here." His eyes twinkled happily.
He helped me into the chair, before placing the box on my lap. It was heavier than I expected. I looked into it. Riley, the little dog I imagined that Jules and I had saved in my hallucination, was there. Her sparkling gaze met mine.
"She's on the mend, too, after getting grazed by a bullet and losing blood. I figured the two of you could recuperate together."
But Riley was part of the hallucination. I never told him I'd taken her to that house.
"How did you even know about Riley?"
"Your mom told me."
"My mom?" I hadn't told her, either. "How did she know?"
"She said Jules told her."
"Jules?" I cried. "Jules has been dead for years. You know that. Besides, dogs don't —" I couldn't bring myself to say that dogs don't talk.
"Your mom said she thought of Jules and somehow knew that we were meant to adopt a dog named Riley."
I remembered Jules's spirit-form sitting beside her in the waiting room. But that was in the hallucination.
"Do you believe it?" I asked.
In the box, Riley barked.
Brady grinned. "Isn't Riley the proof?"

###

Thanks for reading. Click now to find more from Kris on the internet

Kris Neri


THE PSY CORPS
A New Story in the Universe of the Federation Diplomat Series
E J Randolph


"You won't pass the test." My brother Torondo shot me an evil grin from his side of the well-worn, scratched kitchen tabletop.
I squinted at him. "Yes, I will." I dug my spoon into my oatmeal and slurped milk and cereal.
"Gross." Torondo scrunched his face at me. "You have no manners."
I jumped up and grabbed my jacket. "The examiners won't care how I eat. Only if I can use the psy box. You know I can."
He snorted. "Once they see you in action and realize you don't need the psy box, they'll bounce you so hard, you won't have an ass anymore."
Little brothers could be such a pain to big sisters. I'd learned long ago to ignore most of what he said.
Mother turned from the counter where she was chopping vegetables. "Torondo. Watch your mouth. Tvella will do fine."
Torondo glared at me.
I stuck my tongue out at him. Sure, the gesture was juvenile, but so was he. "You're just jealous." I dashed out the door before he could respond, my pony tail swinging across my back. I was going to max this exam.
I threw my leg over my rusty, old robobike, tapped in Central Island's spaceport, and roared off. Who'd want to ride in a motorized conveyance when they could feel the wind blowing in their face and hair? I preferred this freedom.
I stopped at the entrance. The spaceport stretched as far as my eyes could see. It was the biggest on the planet Harmony with endless rows of hangars. Every one held a spaceship that could fly to the stars. My fingertips tingled. I imagined myself roaring toward space in a sleek spaceship, and my heart beat a little faster. This psy box could be my ticket out of dreary career in maintenance or data entry into an exciting life traveling to the stars.
A big guard stepped out of a kiosk and headed toward me. I handed him my pass for the exam. His eyes narrowed. "You don't look old enough."
Jeez. I pulled up my credentials from my wrist computer. I was eighteen and counting.
His eyes flicked to my face.
Yeah, my computer was an old model. But it worked. I raised my chin. I had my pride. What else could I afford? Dad was long gone, and Mom didn't make much processing insurance claims from home.
He pointed to the left. "Down that way. You can't miss it. There's a long line already."
Just my luck.
The guard went back into his little kiosk. I tapped the controls, swung to the left, and puttered past several administrative buildings. The line came into view, and I drew in a breath. At least a hundred young men and women stood in a line outside a modest, white-painted syncrete building. A side lot held various conveyances. I slid my robobike next to a shiny new hovercraft. Whoever drove that would later probably check for rust marks on the side.
My robobike might be old, but it worked well. I took it apart and oiled everything at least once every six months. Fortunately the electronics were simple. If they didn't work, I got a new mother board. Electronics were not my thing.
No, I had a different talent. One that was worthless before the formation of the psy corps and maybe even now. Certainly one that was worthless until hostile, psychic aliens surrounded the planet Lotusandra a year ago and demanded the government provide humans for experiments. The local meditators and psychics convinced the aliens to leave. But everyone knew those mind-suckers would be back. And the next time, the dangerous beings wouldn't leave so easily. It was up to the newly formed psy corps to block them and protect humanity.
Old Earth's research and development teams had come up with the psy box. This invention could detect psychic transmissions and set up blocking frequencies. Everyone heralded the contraption as the biggest leap forward in psy war technology in years. I snorted. If that's all it could do, what was the point? But the authorities thought it would neutralize the alien's power. Hah. All the aliens had to do was use one of their disintegrator beams. I'd read about how they'd turned it on a communications satellite the last time they threatened humanity, and the satellite had disappeared.
But no matter how ineffectual, this psy corps was my big chance. I was one of the few who'd passed the initial screenings sent to all the schools. I appraised my competition waiting to take the test. Men and women mostly from a variety of Navy ranks stood with confidence, dressed in their neatly pressed uniforms.
I grimaced. My clothes were faded but clean. Mom had figured out how to get our dewrinkler working one more time and thrown in my jeans, t-shirt, and denim jacket.
My friend Marlene's husband was in the Navy and had brought home an instruction holo for the psy box, so I knew how the device worked. She'd called me to check it out, and I'd watched it over and over until I was sure I could read the correct detection patterns and press the appropriate counteraction buttons. Since I was a whiz at video games, surely, I'd to be faster than almost anyone else.
But in principle, the psy box was not hard to operate. Every last one of these hopefuls would be able to do it. What chance did I have? Maybe I was fooling myself.
The line was moving. I tried to read the faces of the hopefuls as they left the building. They were neutral. I guessed no one knew whether they'd passed. I didn't need to open my mind and let their thoughts enter me.
My turn came. I walked into the building. It took a moment for my eyes to adjust to the dim interior. A man and a woman sat on the other side of a wooden table. A small black psy box with twelve buttons lay in front of them.
"Tvella Lotit?" The woman's voice held a question beyond that of my name.
"That's me." I stood with my legs set apart and my head at a cocky angle.
Her lips pursed. "Do you know how this box works?" Her voice dripped with condescension.
"Yes, I do."
"Do you have a pass?"
I handed it to her.
She glanced at it. "I see. A vocational school."
Heat rose up my neck.
The man pointed to the black box. "Pick it up." His voice was gruff.
I held it in the palm of my hand.
He pressed some buttons in front of him.
I grinned. The first pattern was easy. I pressed the correct counterattack.
He entered another set. I responded with a different group of buttons.
Patterns erupted across the screen. As soon as one appeared, I zapped it. This was fun. I could do it all day.
The screen went blank. The man stared at me for nearly a minute, his face betraying nothing. "You may go now. We'll let you know."
The woman sat with crossed arms. Nope, she didn't like me.
I'd done well, but that might not matter. I was not regular Navy. I came from a vocational school. I dressed in old clothes. What else did they need to know I was not their kind?
I walked out. The lot was nearly empty. I got on my robobike, but I didn't go home. I drove past the businesses and apartments that constituted the older part of Felice, the small town that had sprouted up in the last fifty years to cater to the Federation government and Navy personnel based on Central and puttered by the new construction on the rim of the town rising like mushrooms after a rain. I wrinkled my nose at the strong musky mud-syncrete odor.
On top of a hill overlooking the town, I stopped. A breeze blew past me with the sweet scent of catriol trees. I sat on a flat rock and rubbed my face. If that silly box was all humans had to counter the aliens, we were in serious trouble. How strong were the aliens' inner voices? Could they break through the protective zone I projected every day to keep people's inner voices out? Those examiners didn't know it, but I was the real deal, maybe the only potential alien hunter who had applied today. And they would probably nix my application.
And if they learned about my real talent, that would be worse. Sure, on Lotusandra, psychics were respected. But that's because so many had some talent, no one was uncomfortable. But here on Central, the headquarters of the Federation Navy and government, a psychic made waves. Their best course of action was to help the police or set up a shop, but once outed, they could never expect to be treated like a normal person.
Granny had noticed my talent when I was still in my crib. I cried when sad thoughts crossed her mind and smiled with her happy ones no matter her expression. Over the years, she worried about me. Don't let people know. They'll be uncomfortable. They won't want to be your friend. They'll shun you. They won't understand. They'll think you'll do something evil if you can read their minds.
I told her usually all I got were emotions.
"That's enough." She leveled her gaze at me. "Believe me."
One time on a playground when I was five years old, I told another little girl I heard her thoughts in my head. She ran screaming to her mother. Her mother marched over and said she was going to report me, that officers would take me away and put me where I couldn't harm anyone. I said I was lying, and her mother scolded me but let her daughter continue to play with me.
My memories faded with the sunset, and I returned home. Mom looked up from the table. "How'd it go?"
I shrugged. "Don't know. They're going to let people know."
"You'll get in." She smiled at me.
"Mom, you're always an optimist." I kissed her cheek and slid into a chair. "What're you fixin'?"
"Cuttin' some vegetables and potatoes for a stew."
I picked up a peeler and applied it to the side of a potato. No food fabricator on our counter. Those contraptions were expensive. On the plus side, Mom was an excellent cook, and we ate better than anyone else on the block. And nothing matched the smell of food cooking on our old stove.
We sat down for dinner. Torondo smirked at me. "Didn't get the job, did you?"
Mom laid her fork down. "She doesn't know yet." Mom's voice was firm. She wasn't going to allow any teasing.
Torondo mumbled something under his breath.
The next morning a Federation messenger knocked on the door. I opened it, and she held out a screen. I placed my thumb in the designated spot. "Report at once to the Psy Corps." The messenger tucked the screen under her arm.
I stood stock still.
She smiled. "Better get a move on."
"Oh yes. Right away."
I popped into the house and bounced on my toes. "Mom, I made it."
She hugged me.
"I gotta go right away."
I grabbed my jacket and hopped on my robobike. This time at the entrance to the spaceport, the guard held up a screen and waved me through. Yep, I'd been entered into the facial recognition database. I was officially in.
I parked and entered the building. Where only two people sat at a table a day ago, office partitions divided the space and people hurried around. Did this place have a receptionist? No one noticed me standing. I pasted a smile on my face. Didn't do any good. No one seemed to have time for a newbie like me.
A few minutes later, a harried young man came forward. He glanced at a screen in his hand and my face. "Ah, Tvella Lotit. Come with me." He turned and hurried down a hall.
I followed him into a room. At least twenty people sat at desks. A man in a white uniform, trimmed with silver stood at the front.
He glanced at me. "Please sit." He glanced at his wrist computer. "In the future, be on time."
"I –"
"Sit."
I sat in an empty chair near the door.
He explained the functions of the psy box and handed one to each of us. He set up patterns as in the test.
I zapped them faster than anyone in the room. Hah. All those video games taught me something useful after all.
The instructor watched me for several minutes. "All right. Turn your psy boxes in." He pointed at me. "Stay for a minute."
The room emptied, and the instructor sat on the corner of his desk, his hands on his leg. "I noticed you're the fastest in the room. I need to assign someone from the psy corps to a small diplomatic delegation to a new alien society. We need to know if they're psychic. They give no indication, but this will be a good field test. I'm sure you'll see even a fleeting wave form."
Was this my big chance? Blood pounded in my ears, and I nodded.
"Be ready tomorrow. The spaceship leaves at noon."
My pulse raced, and I clasped my hands together. My big break.
He glanced from my shoes to my t-shirt. "We have the first of the psy corps uniforms." He walked to a locker. "Size?"
"Ten."
He held out two white with silver trim uniforms. A bolt of lightning zigzagged across the front.
I quivered. Uniforms. These made me official. I suppressed a smile. "Thank you, Sir."
He grunted. "On your way out, pick up your authorization from the front office. That'll be all."
In a daze, I walked to the front office. My smile stretched my lips so hard my cheeks hurt. "I understand you have something for me."
A man in a regular navy uniform handed me two info cubes. "Everything is here. The first contains your authorization as a member of the Psy Corps and your orders attaching you to the diplomatic mission to Barnega. The second has a translation program for the Barnegans along with what little information we have about their planet, mostly orbital scans."
I strode outside and packed my uniforms with care into my side pouches. I sped home, breaking the speed limit, and burst into the door. "Mom, I have a mission."
She clutched her apron. "Where?"
"To Barnega."
"Where?"
"New alien contact."
Her eyes widened, and she pressed her hand to her mouth.
"Don't worry. These aliens aren't supposed to be psychic. I'm along to make sure though. The director said he will post us to embassies, legations, and even navy ships as soon as he thinks we're proficient with the psy box. We need to be where psychic danger could be encountered."
Her brow smoothed. "I better help you get ready."
"I have two uniforms. I can clean one in the dry shower aboard every spaceship while I wear one. Maybe one pair of jeans and a couple t-shirts. I don't know how formal I'll have to be. All I need is one small bag."
The next day Mom dropped me off at the spaceport entrance an hour before departure. She gave me a final hug. "Write when you can."
I walked into the cavernous hangar listed on my schedule. A courier spaceship sat with the gangway down. A woman at the main hatch asked my name and assigned me to my quarters.
It didn't take me long to unpack. I sat on the narrow bunk, pulled out a screen, and played a video game.
The intercom clicked. "Prepare for departure. Strap into your seats."
My room had a sturdy chair with a pull-down harness. I buckled in.
Shortly a low hum heralded ignition. The acceleration was smooth. The intercom came on. "Free to unstrap and move around."
Time to explore. I left my quarters and walked down the passageway to a room with tables and chairs. Ah, a dining room. Two men with white hair and deeply lined faces talked to each other. I continued to a lounge with comfortable couches where two women sat. Their salt and pepper hair was coiffed and their diplomatic uniforms pressed. Yikes. Everyone on this ship looked old enough to have grandchildren. One of the women looked up and frowned. "I see our psy corps member showed up." Her voice conveyed she considered me a useless encumbrance. The established order never liked big changes. But the Psy Corps was here to stay. I wasn't going to to tell them, but they'd have to get used to the new reality.
It was going to be one lonely trip. Good thing I'd brought lots of video games and holos.

***

Two weeks later, the captain announced our arrival at Barnega. We landed, and he let down the gangway. My first day in an official capacity. My future all to be decided on one day. I trembled. Could I handle this? I had to. I smoothed my uniform, grabbed my psy box, and followed the four senior diplomats to the tarmac.
Fragrant flowers in bright, bold colors rimmed the spaceport. In the distance, the colored spires of a Barnegan city sparkled in the violet hue of their sunlight.
A small group of Barnegans, tall, spindly beings with rainbow-hued skin, greeted us. I cupped my psy box in my palm. A blip. What? These beings were psychic. I pressed the appropriate button. Another. I tensed. Then nothing. I glanced around. Maybe only a few here were psychic. A small blip. Fine. I got it. Several more Barnegans walked toward the spaceship. The blips lengthened and increased. I pressed a series of buttons. The Barnegans looked at each other, and the blips changed shape.
A wave of dominating emotions spilled over me, pushing me to my knees. My fingers shaking, I pressed several buttons. If anything, the wave intensified, the psy box completely useless. Their emotions poured into me. Never before had I encountered so much psychic force directed toward me. I was filling up like a balloon. My head bowed. I laid my hands onto the ground, holding myself up. I couldn't contain any more. It was impossible. I would burst.
I forced myself to stand up and let out all those feelings toward them as if I were a mirror. The more they threw at me, the more I reflected toward them. They stumbled backward, holding their arms over their heads. My vision turned white. They looked like they were shrinking as if they were balloons with holes. How curious. They didn't seem at all scary now that they were so small. I took several steps forward, the ground seeming to shake with each step. I held up my arms. "This will stop right now."
They tilted their heads up as if I'd grown to giant proportions. "Please." One in the front row screeched, and my wrist computer translated. "We're sorry. We won't do it again."
"OK." I took several deep breaths, letting the emotion dissipate. They rose to their feet and bowed their heads. "We didn't know you had the power. We will give you all the honor you deserve."
The Federation diplomatic delegation stood frozen, mouths agape. The words coming from the Barnagans and their actions couldn't have made any sense.
I turned to the lead diplomat. "I think everything will go smoothly from now on. The first field experience with the psy box was a success. The locals do have psychic abilities. The box countered their efforts to take over our minds."
I'd used my own psychic abilities, but would the diplomats believe I'd used the box? My whole future depended on their misperceptions. They had to believe in the efficacy of the psy box and my proficient use of the device.
The head of the Federation mission nodded. "We'll recommend the new device in our first report to headquarters."
Whew. I smiled at the psy box in my hand. No doubt about it, I loved technology.

###

Thanks for reading. Click now to find more from EJ on the internet

E J Randolph


TIME CURVES
Kate Rauner


The heavy metal door swung open on creaking hinges, and Michael took a step away from his lab bench, careful not to jostle any equipment, before turning toward the interloper.
His wife, Abby, stopped at the lab door. She always complained about his unshielded experiments and stood far away. "Michael, still hard at it?"
He started a deep breath, but it burned in his chest, and he suppressed a cough that would only lead Abby to fuss. "I thought you were going to a movie tonight."
"I did. It's over. Are you ready to come home?"
He tugged at his worn white coat in irritation. "I can't. I taught late classes and only started a little while ago. I'm almost ready to run the first test."
"On your closed time curve? So you can violate the Heisenberg uncertainty principle?" She slumped against the doorframe. "But your own thesis showed that's impossible."
"My thesis presented a Deutschian Closed Time Curve to satisfy the PhD committee. I was forced to assume a particle would emerge in a universe different from the one where it began. Here..." He swept a hand to the bench. "But a particle can skip into the future and return to its own universe. Finally, I have the freedom to study what I want. When I'm not interrupted."
Abby ignored his hint to leave. "What about tomorrow? It's our anniversary. You promised."
Michael's jaw clenched. There'd be plenty of time for movies and dinners once he'd proven his hypothesis.
Still, Abby knew more about his goals than the ossified old farts who ran the department. Conventional theories allowed traveling backwards along a time curve, so no one objected to studying that paradigm. But his inspiration would allow travel forwards.
His speculative model troubled the review committee, though they hadn't tried to shut him down. They couldn't afford to ignore the possibility.
If he was right, it would be the greatest discovery in physics in a century. His name would rival Einstein, Bohr, and Schrödinger. So the university assigned Michael a lab, even as they loaded him with a junior professor's heavy teaching schedule.
But the muttering against him continued. He had to produce some promising results, and soon.
What was Abby saying? Something about their anniversary? "Yeah, sure."
He hoped she'd be placated and leave, so he plastered his best charming smile on his face. "We'll have dinner at that little Mexican place you like."
"Senior T's? It closed six months ago."
The metal door slammed as Abby left. Not an ideal end to the conversation, but at least she was gone.
Michael knew his concept was correct. It was the equipment that remained marginal, hard to calibrate and hard to control.
He dragged his old laptop across the bench, tapped a button, and the racks at the end of the lab hummed to life. As the equipment warmed, he pulled a metallic saucer close and plugged in two short cables.
Maybe he had been working too hard. His eyes felt hot and swollen, and he rubbed them with the heel of one hand and dropped his other to lean on the bench. His vision was blurry when he tapped the keyboard.
A blue flash blinded him.
Pain lanced through his hand.
Michael shrieked and fell backwards as blood sprayed across the bench.
The door burst open and two wide-eyed men tumbled through, lanky foreign exchange students tripping over their own feet.
"Doctor Fischer. What the hell?"
Michael knelt on the floor, cradling his arm. Someone pushed a towel against the gushing wound. More people arrived, and voices surrounded him.
"What set off the alarms?"
"Dammit! Where are his fingers? We should take them with us."
"I don't see them. We can't wait. He's bleeding."
Through a woozy fog, his hand throbbed on the ride to the hospital.

***

Darsh added Plexiglas shields around the equipment, moved the laptop across the aisle to a counter under the windows, and secured long cables along the floor with heavy layers of duct tape. He was patient, competent, and exactly the sort of post-doc assistant the department safety officer insisted Michael take on. He had no choice if he wanted to continue his work.
Michael had searched the lab thoroughly and found no trace of his missing fingers. They must have skipped on a time curve. But his thrill faded to frustration. The computer hadn't been recording, and he couldn't reproduce the effect.
What he needed was a reflector coated with osmium, even a single atom thick, to improve control.
Darsh was clearing note pads off the experimental bench when...
A blue flash.
Michael leaped backward.
"Darsh, you idiot. Who told you to hit the key?"
"I didn't touch it, sir."
Clearly he hadn't. The laptop lay on the counter behind him, but Darsh wasn't looking at the computer.
Blood trickled across papers on the bench where something beige had appeared. Two fingers sliced off below the first knuckle.
Michael crept up on the fingers as if they were alive. Maybe they still were. Blood oozed out.
"It worked. My fingers came forward in time. It worked!" Michael roared in triumph.

***

For the second time in a month, Abby raced to the hospital, urging Autocab to drive faster as she read and reread Michael's message.
Meet me at ER. Don't fuss. Good emergency.
She was interrogating the admissions clerk when he called to her from across the room.
She ran to him. "Michael. Thank God."
"I've seen the doctor already." He held up his damaged hand. "The stumps are too far healed for them to reattach my fingers. But the fingers are fresh. Look."
He held up a plastic bag and Abby's knees gave out. Michael was helping her to a chair when someone called his name.
A tech in blue scrubs braced the inner door open with one foot as he read from a clipboard. "Doctor Fischer? This way, please. We can run your imaging now."
That brought Abby fully awake. "What imaging?"
Michael shrugged. "Just following up on an anomaly from my last visit."
Heat rose through Abby's cheeks. He hadn't told her about any problem. There'd been a time when they shared everything, good and bad.
It wasn't long before he returned. "The doctor will have the results soon, so we can talk to him in a minute. Hospital waiting rooms must be the last place on Earth with paper magazines." He picked one up idly, avoiding her eyes.

***

Once the doctor said cancer, Abby didn't remember most of his words. There was advanced and inoperable, and something about trials. The word terminal was in there too.
Michael was eerily calm and asked all the questions Abby's mind couldn't form.
"I'm not going to waste the time I have left," he said on the ride home. Abby nestled against him, still numb. This couldn't be true.

***

They were sitting at the apartment's breakfast bar when Michael's phone beeped a text. His mouth crooked up in a smile as he read.
"Who is it?" Abby asked.
"Darsh. He talked to the Japanese. They can deposit a one-atom thick layer of osmium on a steel substrate."
His eyes glowed as he held up the phone, wagging it back and forth.
"With this, I still have a chance." His face hardened with fierce determination.
"Hon, you should be resting." She stroked his arm. "Have you called the people running that medical trial yet?"
Michael jerked away. "Their statistics are terrible. I'm not going to waste time grasping at straws when I can accomplish real work."
Abby reached for him, but he was already entering a reply, tapping with the fingers on his good hand.

***

Abby came to the lab as quickly as she could. Michael's message woke her long before dawn, but she came.
He was working at his usual bench, but balanced on a stool now, too tired to stand. His clothes hung loosely on his withering frame.
Darsh looked up as Abby entered. "Sorry to wake you at this hour. May I get you something? The coffee's actually fresh. It's our third pot."
Abby hadn't noticed the assistant's shy smile or his kind, dark eyes before. Michael never worried about her comfort in the lab.
"I've done it." Michael looked up wearily. "I can send something into the future. Anything that will fit in the paraboloid."
He pointed a truncated finger at a large bowl, shimmering silvery-blue and mounted sideways on a pedestal as if it were a chair. A potted geranium sat in its center.
"I sent this flower two weeks ago and it came through tonight. The petals are still fresh, the soil still damp. I can control the effect." Triumph wiped the exhaustion from his face for a moment. "I wanted you to see."
"I'll arrange for an independent review of the calculations in the morning," Darsh said. "Let me download a copy."
"They're on my tablet. It's under the window somewhere." He waved Darsh away to a pile of papers in the corner.
Michael slipped his tablet from his lab coat's wide pocket and handed it to Abby.
"The password is Abby," he whispered.
"But, isn't Darsh looking for this?"
"Hush. Promise me you'll do exactly as I say." He waved to a nearby stool. "You'll sit there. My instructions are in the files."
Beneath hollow eyes, Michael's attempt at a charming smile was ghastly. He dragged a wireless keyboard to the edge of the bench and sat in the paraboloid.
"I'm going to see my work published. See my name become famous."
He kicked off his shoes and lifted his feet into the dish, hugging his shins tight with one arm.
"Behold my magic wand." Michael reached to the bench and picked up three or four pencils taped together end to end. "I'm counting on you, Abby."
He poked the keyboard.
A blue flash filled the room.
Darsh shouted. "No, no."
An after-image of orange blobs crawled in front of Abby's eyes and, when her vision cleared, Michael was gone.
Darsh activated a monitor under the windows. Lines spanned the display with regularly spaced spikes. "He skipped ahead."
Abby gawked at the display, gulping helplessly as Darsh brushed the screen with a thumb and finger. The graph zoomed out until a dozen spikes showed. The words tachyon energy ran up the Y-axis and time along the X.
She finally found words. "When will Michael be back?"
The assistant frowned at the screen. "I can't tell from this file. He used high power. We never tried that before."
Abby remembered the tablet clutched in her hand. "I have his notes."

***

They stayed in the lab the rest of the night. Abby tried to amuse herself on her phone while Darsh hunkered over the computers. Dawn brightened the windows and the hall outside began to echo with chatter.
"I must go to the chairman's office and explain what happened," Darsh said. "You should go home and get some sleep."
"What about Michael?"
Darsh adjusted the graph's scale on the monitor and pointed to the black line across the bottom.
"This is the interval between tachyon events and points where Doctor Fischer's time curve will intersect our own. A hundred-thirty days, and maybe a few hours. I'll need help to understand his calculations before I can be sure."
"A hundred days! He'll starve."
"Our time curves have different shapes." Darsh tapped the screen and a second chart appeared with a red line along the top that plunged in a downward spike.
"This is how Doctor Fischer is experiencing the effect. Here, when we see an instantaneous flash, two hours pass for him. And while we wait one hundred-thirty days, it's an instant for him."
Darsh resized the chart. The red line went on forever, diving to the X axis at regular intervals.
Abby's fingertips prickled and she staggered. Darsh took her elbow to steady her. "This can't be happening," she said.

***

One hundred-thirty days later, shortly before midnight, Abby pushed open the lab door. She carried a picture of her new cat. She'd always wanted a cat, but Michael hated them. Well, she wasn't going to live alone. He'd have to get used to Muffin.
"You sit here." Darsh guided her to a chair facing the paraboloid dish and handed her a copy of Quantum Physics Today. On the cover, the authors of the featured paper were named in prominent type: Dr. Michael Fischer and Dr. Darsh Patil.
"Something's different," Abby said. The paraboloid rested on a box instead of its old pedestal.
"You're very observant. Doctor Fischer is skipping through time, like a stone across a pond. I can't influence his vector. But by placing the dish on this unit, I should be able to get a mass reading." He frowned. "I hope the manifestation lasts long enough to measure."
Flutters filled Abby's stomach. "Won't Michael simply step out of the paraboloid? Be back with us, like his fingertips or the potted geranium?"
"Not until energy injected into the system dissipates." Darsh rubbed his forehead. "Doctor Fischer and this lab exist in two separate time curves spiraling around each other, overlapping at an angle. Think of it that way. One intersection won't collapse them into a single reality."
Abby plopped into her chair with Muffin's picture and Quantum Physics Today facing the paraboloid. "So that's why you asked me to bring a picture showing news from home. But, why would Michael appear in the lab at all? We must be a million miles from where he disappeared. Earth's orbiting the sun and the entire solar system moves through the galaxy."
"The phenomenon stays within a specified frame of reference." Darsh's frown deepened. "I think it's a gravitational effect. The math department is going through Doctor Fischer's calculations, but there's an unbalanced infinity somewhere."
He dragged a couple flip charts into place beside her, clipping open copies of the physics journal to them.
A computer began beeping.
"Let's see how well Doctor Fischer predicted the intersection." Darsh hurried to stand behind Abby and raised his hand to wave.
Flash. Intense blue light and then orange spots danced across Abby's vision.
"Is that it?" she asked.
Darsh hurried to the computer.
"Within twenty-five nanoseconds. And look at the mass reading."
"Michael was really there?"
He beamed at her. "Something was there. Isn't it wonderful?"
"No, it's not!" Abby jumped up and banged into the flipchart. "You were supposed to keep him safe."
She kicked the chart over. Fists clenched, she looked down at the scattered pages. "How could he do this to me? Why couldn't he just die like a normal human being?"

***

Abby sat thoughtfully the next time, seated before more journals propped open on flipcharts while waiting for the flash. Darsh sat next to her and two post-docs hovered over equipment on the bench below the dark windows. The university had assigned more researchers to Michael's discovery.
"How's Muffin?" Darsh asked.
"How sweet of you to remember. He's doing well — runs my life."
"I've always liked cats."
"What I said last time..." She hung her head. "I wasn't fair at all. None of this is your fault."
He blushed. "I never blamed you."
"Darsh, do you think Michael's still alive?"
"We can't be sure." We meant the gaggle of assistants. Darsh was Principal Investigator now and, in a flurry of excitement, the university gave him all the support he requested.
"We've sent chronometers ahead in one week skips. That was successful. Most of the rats survived, too."
Most? Abby was afraid to ask.
"Can you bring Michael back?"
"I'm sorry, Abby." Darsh shook his head. "It's not even theoretically possible."
The post-docs hunched nervously over their screens.
Darsh straightened in his seat. "Almost time."
Abby knocked journals off the flipchart and grabbed a nearby pen.
Everything you wanted is here, she scribbled. Come back. Tell us how to get you back.

***

For the first manifestation in the new year, Abby arrived with a turkey sandwich, two brownies, and a bottle of water.
"Where is everyone?" she asked.
"The energy level of each event seems to be dropping," Darsh said. "We need more precise equipment, which requires more space and more electrical circuits. The controls are installed in the next room and the staff is monitoring from there." He pointed to a row of cameras mounted on the wall.
Abby smiled weakly and waved.
"You look tired," Darsh said. "Are you okay?"
"I haven't been sleeping well." Abby pulled an instrument cart over to the paraboloid.
"We don't know if Michael can interact with our reality," Darsh said as she laid out the food.
"In the tablet, he wrote that he'd be able to see me. And you think he can read these." She waved at journals displayed on the flipcharts behind her. "Which means you think our photons strike his eyes. That's an interaction."
"Not exactly in the way I mean."
Flash, afterimage.
The food sat untouched on the cart.
"Maybe it was too far away," Abby said. She picked up the brownies with a sigh.
She handed one to Darsh. "No reason to waste these. I made them myself."
His smile warmed her, pushing some of the gloom away.

***

The next time, Abby placed a water bottle in the paraboloid, and a sandwich and brownies, laid close against the side so Michael wouldn't sit on them.
If that made sense.
She added paper and a pen.
Darsh peered over her shoulder. "What's that?"
She unfolded the sheet reluctantly and showed him.
Please tell me if you're OK.
"I suppose I'm being silly."
"Not at all," Darsh said. "You're a caring person."
He pulled a pen from his pocket and added an equation below Abby's message with question marks below a few terms.
"The last manifestation was more than ten minutes late." He returned the items to the paraboloid. "We could use his help with these calculations."
Abby always stared straight to where Michael would be, so the flash left orange afterimages crawling across her vision.
Her tears weren't only due to the bright light. The sandwich, brownies, and water had disappeared, but there was nothing added to the paper.

***

Darsh had been looking forward to Abby's visit for days and called out a greeting when she opened the lab door.
"I read that you're head of the physics lab now," she said. "Congratulations."
He flushed, flattered. While never a cutting-edge physicist, it turned out he was a superb administrator.
Abby sat in her chair. "I read an article about a Paly High School class sending time capsules into the future. The kids seemed hyped about it."
"The university was pleased with the attention that article received," Darsh said. "Most media lost interest when they realized we'll never acquire anything that originates on another time curve. But with this new design, we expect, someday, to reliably retrieve what we send forward."
"But not Michael."
"I'm sorry. That was thoughtless of me." His chest tightened. He'd been hoping Abby would stay to talk and if he upset her, she might hurry away.
Sandwiches. Flash. Afterimage. Empty paraboloid.
Darsh led Abby to the window bench and reached a hand into the 3D diagram hovering there.
"Michael's drift is accelerating. This manifestation was thirty-two percent weaker and two hours later than the last one. The margin of error in our calculations is growing, too."
"Still can't do the math?" she asked.
Darsh dropped his gaze apologetically.
Abby gave his arm a comforting squeeze. "Hey, look. Tonight's sort of an anniversary. Our tenth manifestation. Do you like breakfast burritos? I found a new Mexican place a block off-campus."

***

Abby and Darsh sat quietly together until well beyond the margin of error, but no blue light flashed.
"Where is he now?" Abby asked as she shoved sandwiches back into a sack.
"I don't know. We still haven't gotten the math worked out. But..."
Darsh turned to look her squarely in the face. "The time curves have diverged. You don't have to come back again."
"So, he's gone." Abby wiped away a lone tear. "It's been so long, I didn't think I'd feel anything."
"I'll miss your visits," Darsh said sadly.
"Don't worry. You won't have to miss me."
She bent close and kissed him.

###

Thanks for reading. Click now to find more from Kate on the internet

Kate Rauner

###


Click Now to Discover More From Our Authors


On the internet:

Alethea Eason

Kris Neri

E J Randolph

Kate Rauner


Author Biographies




Alethea Eason is a writer, artist, and retired educator, who lives in Silver City, New Mexico. She loves the intersection of desert and mountains, ravens, hiking under intensely blue skies, having community, Tai Chi, and that first sip of very strong and very hot coffee every morning.
Find Alethea's books and contact her at borderlandwriters.wordpress.com/alethea-eason/



Kris Neri’s latest novel, Hopscotch Life, a quirky, accept-yourself-in-all-your-glory novel, is her first mainstream fiction. She also writes the Tracy Eaton mysteries, and the Samantha Brennan & Annabelle Haggerty Magical series, as well as standalone thrillers and short stories.
Kris teaches writing for the prestigious Writers’ Program of the UCLA Extension School, and has assisted countless writers as a writing coach and freelance editor.
A former bookseller, Kris and her husband owned The Well Red Coyote bookstore in Sedona, AZ for ten years. They now make their home in Silver City, NM.
Follow her at her website www.krisneri.com, and read her blogs at femmesfatales.typepad.com.


Most days you'll find EJ pounding out a few pages on her computer and hoping for sun for her solar array to pour amps into the electrical system’s batteries.
Her background in history informs her writing, giving her a grounding in the way life works, how chains of cause and effect operate. For her science fiction series, Federation Diplomat Stories, she draws upon her many classes and readings in military and diplomatic history.
Find EJ's books and contact her at randolphweb.wordpress.com/


Kate Rauner writes science fiction and science-inspired poetry, and serves as a volunteer firefighter in rural New Mexico, USA. She's a retired engineer and Cold War Warrior (honestly, that's what the US Congress called people who worked in America's nuclear weapons complex.) Kate now lives on the edge of the Southwest's Gila National Forest and says she's well on her way to achieving her life-goal: to become an eccentric old woman.
Find Kate's books and contact her at kateraunerauthor.wordpress.com/


Contact the Authors


Alethea Eason
Kris Neri
E J Randolph
Kate Rauner


Copyright and License Notes


Copyrights as follows. All rights reserved by the authors.

The Flax Field, Alethea Eason (2020); The Looking Glass, Alethea Eason (2000, 2020) was previously published in Strange Worlds, edited by Bruce Coville, Avon Camelot Books, 2000; Hocus Pocus on Friday the 13th, Kris Neri (2008, 2020) was previously published in Medium of Murder, edited by Susan Budavari and Suzanne Flaig, Red Coyote Press; My Sidekick, Jules, Kris Neri (2019, 2020) was previously published in So West: Ladykillers, DS Publishing; The Delivery, EJ Randolph (2020); Psy Corps, EJ Randolph (2020); Jupiter Diving, Kate Rauner (2017, 2020), Time Curves, Kate Rauner (2017, 2020)
Stunning Short Stories of Fantasy and Science Fiction is edited by Kate Rauner, released by Borderland Writers Co-Op, and copyright by Kate Rauner 2020. All rights reserved. All rights for individual stories reserved by the individual authors.
This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the editor or story author except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.
This ebook is licensed only for your personal enjoyment and may not be re-sold or given away to other people. This ebook may only be acquired via purchase or through your retailer's or library's loan/subscription program (where available) or directly from the authors. If you're reading this book and acquired it some other way, please return to your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.
Thank you for respecting the hard work of these authors.
Cover by Kate Rauner, copyright 2020.
Image resource: Depositphotos. The cover has been created using images from depositphotos.com. Images have been cropped, resized, color-adjusted, and backgrounds removed. Images as follows:
Depositphotos_122162056_xl-2015 (2).jpg
https://depositphotos.com/category/people.html">Mysterious space planets and stars, enveloped in purple clouds. - null</a
Depositphotos_264032350_xl-2015 (2).jpg
https://depositphotos.com/category/animals.html">Texture background abstract - null</a
Depositphotos_193412848_xl-2015 (2).jpg
https://depositphotos.com/category/beauty-fashion.html">Rear view of young woman in sportswear meditating in park - null</a
Depositphotos_334104848_xl-2015 (2).jpg
https://depositphotos.com/category/jewelry-gems.html">Planet Mars from space showing Nix Olympica - null</a
Depositphotos_71375881_xl-2015 (2).jpg
https://depositphotos.com/category/signs-symbols.html">Rocket - null</a
Depositphotos_230891786_xl-2015 (2).jpg
https://depositphotos.com/category/business-finance.html">Attractive woman in fashionable winter outfit standing with raised hands and looking away isolated on grey - null</a

###
