Tail of the Dragon
Tim & Chad Reihm


Published by Broken Wing Publishing at Smashwords
www.fallenangeltrilogy.com
Copyright © 2012 Tim Reihm
All rights reserved.
ISBN: 1481806181
ISBN 13: 978-1481806183



For Dawn and Michael- 
who made this possible

The Fallen Trilogy


Book 1- Tail of the Dragon
­­
The first book in the Fallen  series begins with the creation of a new group of arella. Two of the new creations, Ariel and Gadreel, become fast friends as they embark upon their seven years of training at the Angelic Academy. They live in a paradise and spend their days in contented camaraderie.

But there are whispers of a rebellion and rumblings of discontent against the Kings. One of their housemates, Helel, becomes involved in a secret group that is engaged in specialized training. When Gadreel, too, becomes involved, their friendship, and the Kingdom itself, is threatened. 

Book 2- By Demons Be Driven

Helel and his demons become the princes of a newly created domain through trickery.  With stolen artifacts from the Kingdom, Helel and his army use dark matter, possession and manipulation to corrupt and influence the natives. The battle escalates over the eons as a desperate rescue operation is attempted by the Kingdom. (available Winter, 2013)

Book 3- Oceans of Fire

After a devastating defeat at the hands of Michael, Helel is forced to rethink his strategy as he struggles to regain control over Gaia. He begins a campaign that is more successful than anything that he has been able to achieve prior. Famine, persecution, exotic diseases, genocide, world wars and nuclear holocaust decimate the population. An insidious propaganda campaign eliminates guardian influence from large swathes of the planet.

But the time is coming to an end. The power of chaos is rising and Helel's desperation grows as he nears the final battle, one that will result in great oceans of fire and a conclusion to the celestial war. (available Fall, 2014)

And his tail swept away a third of the stars of heaven and threw them to the earth. And the dragon stood before the woman who was about to give birth, so that when she gave birth he might devour her child.

Prologue
She carefully carried the urn up the treacherous trail toward the overlook. She made her way slowly, watching each step with a caution that bordered on terror. In her hands she held life, and she understood that a misstep would be fatal. Her smooth emerald skin glistened with exertion and she paused, set down her burden, and sat on a large boulder to rest.
Her eyes looked out lovingly over the land below. From this elevation, she could survey the entire span of the valley. She saw the rolling hills, the scrub trees, the gaunt flocks of harn, searching for small shoots and branches. Her eyes located the small home where her two offspring would be resting from the mid-day heat. Her mate would be preparing their evening meal while they slept. 
Her gaze swept over the rows of clay-roofed dwellings, naming their inhabitants in her mind and reminding herself of the reason she had come. They were depending on her. A small group from her clan was walking toward the bank of the river. This had become a ritual, however fruitless, that occurred regularly throughout the day. Desperation forces one to cling to hope.
That desperation forced her to turn from the arid landscape before her and resume her trek. She had made this journey before, and each time had come back perplexed and agitated, with no resolution for her and her people. Today would be different. She would stand firm. Just thinking of standing up to them made her stomach tighten. She wanted to flee, but pressed on, determined.
She was aware that she was being followed, but was afraid to turn, afraid of tripping, afraid of failing. She could sense the little one's presence, scurrying from boulder to boulder, staying hidden, but watching. The knowledge that she was not alone on her journey was strangely reassuring. The little one offered no protection, but knowing that another shared her quest was a comfort, nonetheless.
Quemel watched the creature approaching up the narrow path carrying an urn of some type.
‘Here we go again,’ he said to Maleyan, smiling.
‘You have to respect her persistence,’ his friend answered.
‘I grow rather weary of persistence,’ he replied, his smile disappearing.
'Perhaps we allow for a small divergence,' Maleyan ventured.
'That defeats the purpose. They are so hardhearted and are not able to comprehend the bigger picture. They hang onto their primitive ways out of ignorance. I agree that it's difficult to see them live this way, but we have to force their hand. They have to move and rid themselves of their superstitious avoidance of civilization,' Quemel answered, determined.
As she rounded the final bend, the path opened up onto the great plateau. She spotted them immediately, standing massive and bathed in a soft glow. She stumbled slightly and almost dropped her burden. Recovering her balance, she continued deliberately toward the representatives. They stood on the edge of the cliff, surveying the work that was being done below. 
Massive machines hoisted large, perfect cubes of rock through the air, deftly placing them atop the ever-growing wall. That wretched dam was the cause of their misery. Behind it stood the life that her people needed, but it cut off sustenance from her land. She looked at it with hatred, wishing that she had the power to smash it to bits. An explosion from further up the valley reminded her that she had none.
‘I will be strong and do what I can,’ she whispered quietly.
As she approached, Maleyan said, ‘Do you bring us gifts this time?’
‘I bring you life. I bring you the last trace of life in my land and ask what you would have me do with it?’ she replied with a quavering voice, laying the urn on the ground at the feet of the representatives.
'Do you bring us life tainted by stubbornness and pride?' Quemel asked.
'I bring you the last water in our land. I come to beg you, as arbitrators of justice, to allow life to return to our land. I beg you not to kill us.'
'You kill your selves if you refuse to leave. We have a place set aside for you and your clan. This dam is the key to your evolution. It will permit you and your people to live without the dangers that you currently face. Your crops will be irrigated. Your flocks will have water. We have made provision for you and you continue to defy us,' Quemel answered and gave a slight push against her will.
She looked up and met his eyes with alarm, but determination. She had been through this before and knew it was coming. She had spent days preparing herself mentally, but the suddenness of it still surprised her.
'We cannot be separated from our land. It is our birthright and that which unites us with our history, with our past and future selves. You think that you know what is best, but forcing us to move will kill a part of what we are. Please understand,' she pleaded and again sensed the push, harder this time.
Quemel was surprised by the newfound strength in this one. Previous visits from her had been easily dispensed with. She would come begging and with a little nudge, a mere suggestion, she would be quickly on her way home to explain why it would be best to move. The problem was that these suggestions never held for more than a few days. Then she would return and they would repeat the exercise. But it seemed that this ritual had strengthened her. As he pushed harder, he could feel the steely determination, like a stone wall that refused to yield.
He looked at Maleyan and saw a faint look of amusement on the other's face. Suddenly, the ember of frustration exploded in a conflagration of rage. This pathetic creature and her kind stubbornly ignored reason. He could crush her without any effort and she stood looking him in the eye. He gave up restraint and truly pushed. The wall flexed, straining against the pressure, then collapsed like a poorly constructed dam. Her defenses disappeared as if they were nothing but a wisp of smoke on the wind. But he didn't stop. He poured himself through the breach, sating the fury within.
Abruptly, his vision doubled and he was looking at his own face, and that image filled him with disgust, and anger, and fear. He just wished to be allowed to live his life as he chose. He only wanted to protect his clan; no, her clan. He looked down at his hands noticing how small and fragile the bones were beneath the sleek greenish covering of the skin. And he understood. This was not simple manipulation. He had taken over completely.
 
She understood that something had happened, but didn't know what. She pushed hard, but there was nothing there. One moment his weight was crushing her and the next minute it was gone, he was gone. Yet, she knew it was all wrong. Her thoughts were no longer hers. It was as if she had been shoved into a corner and forgotten inside her own head. She watched her hand go out and stroke the leg of the less frightening representative and heard her own laugh, but she hadn't laughed. What had he done to her? She was seized with impotent horror.
Quemel quickly adjusted to the sensation of occupying two bodies at once. He was exhilarated at the feeling. In an instant he understood all that drove these frustrating creatures, and he understood how to change them to his will. This would solve all of their problems in dealing with these puny beings.
'Do you know what this means,' she said to Maleyan.
 
For several minutes after reordering her thoughts he lingered on. It was such an incredible sensation to experience through her. All of those memories and impressions were now his. His throat burned excruciatingly. How long had it been since she had something to drink? She bent and picked up the urn, drinking deeply. When the thirst was gone, she picked up the remainder of the water, held it above her head, and poured. She laughed loudly. 
It took all of his resolve to let go, but eventually he withdrew. Again the disorientation came and his vision was split. His mind lost touch with her.
Instantly he could see that something was wrong. She no longer stood resolute and challenging. Her eyes looked blank and dull and her neck refused to support the weight of her head, which hung to one side of her. He glanced at Maleyan, but his friend seemed unaware of the change. She began stumbling rapidly toward the edge. Quemel jumped forward to grab her, but as his hand touched her shoulder, she lost all sense of balance and fell backwards. He looked on, helpless, as her head exploded on a jagged protrusion of the rocky wall and her lifeless body cartwheeled out of the reach of help and life.
Chapter 1
Hasdiel stood on the empty podium imprinting the scene before him on the canvas of his prodigious memory. He stood still as a statue, completely motionless except for his serious blue eyes, which slowly scanned the scene, sorting, choosing, and cataloging the array of images before him. As the celestial scribe, it was his duty to give narrative clarity to occasions where the power of Kol was invoked. Although the words used by the three Kings in ordering matter could not be recorded, as they had no written equivalent, he was charged with the task of detailing the events that rendered existence- for galaxies, worlds, and for today, beings. 
Creation itself was a perpetual condition, a never-ending ripple emanating from the utterance. The Kings spoke life, and from that point of entry a continual well of creative force sprang. But that ongoing process differed from the initial creative act. That beginning came directly from the source, and it was Hasdiel's job to detail that initiation. Today, instead of a new galaxy, with its innumerable worlds and species, new fellow arella would be created. Arella, as celestial beings and the direct servants of the Kings, were always prime creations, derived straight from the word. 
Given his position, Hasdiel was certainly aware that the creation of nearly a thousand arella meant a lot of responsibility for him. As prime creations, he was charged with maintaining an ongoing history for each one. He would track their progress through the academy, give input into what choir they would be inducted into, and follow their post-academic work.
Each of these histories served as a kind of thread. These threads wove in and out, intertwining with others, constructing patterns, stories, impressions, philosophies. These tapestries were the essence of creation. Creating a world or a being was a singularly beautiful act, but the interaction between creations was the point. The beauty of the tapestry depended on the way that the created interacted with each other.
‘It is almost time.’
The familiar, sudden voice startled Hasdiel and caused his immobile frame to twitch perceptibly. 
‘Araton, my old friend, are you ready?’
‘I am always ready,’ his friend responded with that recognizable twinkle in his eye, as he strode to his position on the podium from where he would signal the entrance of the Kings.
The presence of his old comrade reinforced the image of the tapestry. He and Araton had been in the same cohort at the academy and had remained friends since those early days. And Araton had always been ready for anything. The two telmid were a source of irritation to many of their instructors during their schooling. He recalled the time that they had removed all the bolts from their geography instructor’s chair before a class. He could still hear the laughter of his classmates as the haughty instructor landed unceremoniously on his backside with an irritated thump. 
A palpable change could be perceived in the crowd below and that transformation forced him to return his attention to his duties. It wouldn't be long now. He had witnessed this process many times and never tired of it. He envisioned the awestruck faces soon to appear, as the newly created host opened their eyes for the first time and beheld their makers. 
The podium that Hasdiel occupied stood just outside the eastern gates of the Eternal City, overlooking the vast plain before him. Ordinarily, this landscape was an endless sea of rich green grasses, highlighted by flowers of every color. But today was no ordinary day. The lush hues of the vegetation were still there, but their colors were muted below the shimmering, platinum glow of a fine metallic mist that covered everything, bathing the verdant scenery with an electric softness that seemed to dance with anticipation and energy. 
Standing in formation by the eastern wall stood the escorts, numbering well over a hundred. Each held a shield in their left hand that bore the symbol of their respective choir and wielded a sword of the purest diamond in their right. All were dressed in bright adorned with a breastplate of singly colored gems. Their ranks were chosen in equal numbers from the seven choirs, each identifiable by the color of their ceremonial helmets and shields. 
The silence shattered as a trumpet emitted a sudden note and the escorts glided forward and broke apart in a precise movement to form a box below the podium that Hasdiel occupied. The shadows at the base of the eastern wall shortened perceptively as the great mountain started glowing brighter, far off, in the heart of the city. All eyes focused on the incandescent mass of Mount Kol. The radiant eminence began rushing toward them, growing even larger. In an instant it loomed up massive and close. It seemed near enough to touch and towered over all. 
A dark line appeared, running down the rocky entirety. The crease became a tear, a fissure that split the peak in two and revealed an inner sphere of brilliant light. This orb eliminated all remaining shade, and was suddenly there, in the center of the box created by the resplendent host. As it did so the angels bowed low in unison, stretching their wings over their heads and unto the ground.
The sphere unfolded, layers peeling away, revealing the three figures on their thrones. A voice called, ‘Arise, my friends.’ 
The escorts responded immediately and stood at full attention, with shields at their left sides and swords resting at an angle across their breastplates. As had happened on the day of his own creation, Hasdiel saw Elyon first, sitting upon his throne in the midst of the sphere. Ruach sat to his left wearing the robe that reflected the pattern of the encircling angelic box. To the right was Adonai. He rose and stepped forward with hands held aloft. Alert and attentive, Hasdiel knew this was the moment they had been anticipating. 
An unseen breeze gathered on the immense field, lifting the quanta as it swirled and swept along. At first this movement seemed unordered, but as it blew across the plain it pooled into symmetrical patterns. Indistinct images formed in the pillars of glowing dust, gathering and coalescing gradually. He watched the metallic clouds thicken and twist, molding the increasingly distinguishable bodies, limbs and faces. In a second that seemed to hang interminably, the glimmering columns became. Where shafts of shimmering particles had been, appeared, in the blink of an eye, distinct forms, each beautiful and unique, hovering before the assembled throng, looking as if they were sleeping. Next, came the command. To those watching a single word was uttered; one that, though unintelligible, was understood by all to be the word of initiation. However, Hasdiel knew that each of these new beings would hear a personal, fully comprehensible, order to exist. As Adonai spoke the word, a powerful wind came from the thrones occupied by the three Kings and filled the nostrils of each of the newly created figures, and they began to stir...
Hasdiel stood stiffly, watching the remarkable scene before him. He opened up the titrane-bound volume and began transferring his thoughts onto the page. He scanned the faces of the escorts and knew that they, like himself, were remembering their own creation days. He focused on the being closest to him and saw the features form, one instant a cloud of thickening dust, the next a face, a brother, 'Ariel' he suddenly knew, and that telmid’s record was created.
 
Noise. Spinning round and round. Again, the noise. Changing. Not vibration. A word. Words, spinning round and round. Searching, grasping. Someone calling.
The voice, beautiful and welcoming. A voice? Yes, sounds coming from another. Another? Not me. Me? A being?
The sounds multiply and amplify. They rise and sweeten. Pictures? Images mixed with words. The voice calling me. Coming from Him. A face. A smile. Eyes, so beautiful and knowing. His face is still, a gentle smile resting placidly, reassuringly. But the words come and I understand. He is speaking to my, my mind. The idea clarifies and gives order to the images in my, my eyes. Yes.
‘Be Ariel.’
 
Hasdiel was aware the instant that the being before him became. The eyes suddenly blazed with an inner light. The black pupils began to recede into growing pools of steely blue. He watched those eyes dart quickly around seeking. They found their target and the look of joy on the newly created being's face stirred something in him. He felt deep emotion well up in his core, remembering the first time his eyes opened and saw the perfect form of the three Kings.
 
Words are forming in my head. I sense a strange power in my body. A warm glow in the center of my chest, spreading out, filling my shoulders, legs, arms, toes. My eyes see images. Other faces. I stand and enjoy the sensation of effort that the act requires. There is a soft light and as its glow fills me, I feel it radiating, showing. In an instant I understand. I see creation, life, growth. My mind is suddenly filled with words, ideas, emotions. I have been created. I have been ordered into existence. I am a special, unique creation.
‘I am,’ I think, staring at the three beings before me. 

The voice of Adonai broke the silence. 

‘My new friends; we welcome you to life and to the Kingdom. Each of you has been created, perfect in form and figure, with a free will to live that life, as you see fit. Each of you will receive the knowledge and support to grow and thrive. I know that even now you have many things to ask and I assure you that all of your questions will be answered in time. We are so pleased to have you join us. Your escorts will guide you to your new homes.'

Instantly, the wall of Cherubim surrounding the throne began to close again until only a gleaming sphere was visible. The mountain closed around the orb and withdrew, leaving the shadows to reemerge at the base of the city wall.

Chapter 2
The early morning shadows dissipated as the light from the distant mountain leaked in through the transparent balcony door. Ariel had been reclining on his pallet in a state of meditation for several hours, but the light of a new day beckoned to him. He walked out onto his small porch, enjoying the glorious view. The morning was cool and the trees and plants of the neighboring woods were covered in a fine mist that sparkled like thousands of jewels. 
‘Good morning, Ariel,’ Gadreel's voice called from a few cubits away, standing on his own porch, also taking in the scenery. 
‘Morning,’ Ariel responded. He paused, unsure how to continue.
‘I am looking forward to our expedition,’ he began and jumped as a strange scratching and a frenetic humming invaded his ear. He swatted repeatedly at the side of his head while flinging his hair about wildly. It ceased as quickly as it had started and Ariel stood with a baffled expression as a little winged creature flew irritably away.
Ariel turned toward the sound of laughter. He caught sight of Gadreel doubled over and gasping for air. Looking at his neighbor, Ariel felt a strange agitated sensation rise in his belly. He started to reprimand Gadreel, but when he saw his disheveled hair and harrowed look in the reflection of the glass door behind Gadreel, he too began laughing.
‘I know that I haven’t been around for very long, but I have never seen anything move as quickly as you did just now,’ Gadreel offered between barely suppressed giggles.
They stood watching each other, occasionally choking back fits of laughter.
‘What was that?’ exclaimed Ariel as a sudden, loud crash interrupted their exchange.
The two arella descended toward the growing commotion. Bursting through the kitchen archway, Ariel's feet suddenly shot out from beneath him. For a dizzying second, he felt an unsettling disorientation. Just as suddenly, his fall was arrested by a pair of strong hands. He leaned back his head and looked up into the grinning face of Gadreel.
‘You’re having quite a morning, aren’t you?’ his companion opined bemusedly. 
With Gadreel’s help, Ariel righted himself and surveyed the scene around them. Beneath his feet was a slippery purple smear that smelled very sweet. There was a layer of some flaky, white substance covering the counters, with small pools of a yellowish, viscous pulp spread sporadically through the room. There was an odd device on the floor spinning in a wild circle, emitting a high-pitched whining noise. Its spasmodic movements created a bizarre pattern in the glaze. But the oddest sight of all was their housemate, Raphael. His face was barely discernible through a brown ooze that seemed to have been poured over his head. His hair hung in ragged clumps over powder-covered shoulders. His mouth curled in an expression of utter confusion.
For the second time on his inaugural morning, the sound of Gadreel’s raucous laughter met Ariel’s ears. 
Together, the three housemates began cleaning up the mess as Raphael related the details of his first attempt at cooking.
‘It was going pretty smoothly, until I pressed the red button on that device,’ he explained.
This was greeted by another round of laughter from the audience, which Raphael bore patiently. As they were finishing up, a booming voice interrupted. 
‘Good morning, all. I hope you have had a chance to settle in and get your bearings,’ the stranger said. 
‘Ariel, how are your bearings?’ Gadreel asked with a chuckle.
'I am Elijah and I'm here to deliver you to the academy for your orientation. If you will all follow me.'
 
After summoning the rest of their housemates, they followed their escort and climbed onto a wide metallic platform that hovered just above the road, outside of their new residence. It began to hum and move smoothly down the  path down towards the stream, then up the steep hill on the other side. This small thoroughfare was joined by various other tributaries and like a river flowing down a valley it gradually widened, until, as they approached the main gate to the academy, they were riding on a great avenue. The school was fronted by a large ivory fence with intricate carvings of a variety of animals. They passed a row of buildings supported by white pillars and entered an expansive central square set around an enormous marble fountain.
The seven housemates disembarked from the shuttle and followed the growing group of first years streaming through the main door of the academy’s auditorium.
‘What do we do now?’ asked Ariel, looking around at the vast interior of the reception hall.
Gabriel spotted a wooden counter with rows of parchment spaced evenly across its length. He walked part way down the table and picked up a pile of the golden pages and returned to the group. He began handing out a copy to each member of their party while adding, ‘It seems we are to meet our orientation guide, a fourth year by the name of Akon, in the Emerald Observatory. He studied a separate sheet that appeared to be a map of the campus, before pointing down a long hallway off of the reception hall.
Gadreel fell into step beside Ariel as they walked toward the opposite side of the enormous space. It was not hard to find the observatory. From far down the hall the large archway, crafted from a single, perfect emerald reflected the light and caused a patchwork of various shades of green to dance on the marble floor before them.
Ariel laughed as Gadreel performed a little jig, jumping from one jade-colored polygon to the next. As they entered the circular chamber a deep, booming voice greeted them.
‘Welcome to the Angelic Training Academy, first years. I am your orientation guide, Akon.’
Before anyone in their group had a chance to introduce himself, Akon began making his way down their ranks, naming each one, and firmly grasping each forearm. Halfway through the group, Pharzel interrupted the introductions.
‘Sir. How do you know all of our names?’
‘Pharzel. Please don’t call me sir,’ he began with a smile. ‘You can see that I am wingless. I am a student just like you. Many of the skills that you will eventually gain take some time to develop. One of those talents is a sense of those around you. There will be beings that you do not know, but you will have knowledge of them. When I look at you, the name Pharzel comes into my head, along with a certain feeling about you, almost like a color. We are all unique creatures and that uniqueness is reflected in our names and the aura that surrounds us. But we are also connected, so we are able, eventually, to truly see each other.’
‘When will we develop this skill?’ asked Helel eagerly.
‘It depends upon your ability,’ their guide answered. ‘Some acquire it very quickly, occasionally as early as the second year. For most it happens sometime during their third year. It can take into the fourth and even fifth year. Some will have a more developed sense than others. It actually took me well into my third year to truly see those around me, and I am not very good at it,’ he continued unashamedly. 
‘Each of you received your schedule, broken down by year. This is the basic outline of how your training will progress. Your first year begins with a six-week course covering the history of the kingdom, taught by Trainer Pravuli. As with all of our trainers, Pravuli is an exceptional instructor, though I must warn you he hits the ground running, so it would serve each of you to watch the introduction this evening in preparation for class tomorrow.’
‘And how is our progress measured, sir? Sorry. I mean Akon,’ Ariel interrupted sheepishly. 
‘At the end of the first six-week module, you will have an examination that will test your recall on the important points in history covered in this course. You will then cover basic geography and science. Last, but certainly not least, will come the choir match.’
‘What choir is the best one to join?’ asked Helel.
‘That depends on you,’ Akon answered. ‘One is not better than another. You are matched based on the attributes that you most exemplify. If you will all take a seat, this presentation will explain it all more clearly.’
Akon pointed to a group of burgundy chairs, which when they were seated, slid forward and reclined until the group were lying and looking up at the greenish, tinted, crystalline ceiling, which began to glow as a deep baritone voice filled the chamber.
‘There are seven choirs in total, each representing one of the virtues of our Kings.’
‘The first is Malakim.’ A large Phoenix appeared above the group and swooped across the room, with outstretched wings and its head bowed low. Its eyes sparkled bright yellow from two large gemstones. ‘The Malakim Choir exemplifies temperance and are exceptional at the arts of science, service and healing. Thus they are frequently sent as diplomats to other worlds. They are represented by the majestic Phoenix, with its healing tears, and proudly bear the yellow topaz on their breastplate and upon their crown.’ The phoenix disappeared from view.
‘Next is the choir of Seraphim’. A large white bear with ruby eyes ambled above them, stopped, and raised itself on two legs while unleashing a thunderous roar. ‘The Seraphim exemplify strength and are often used as guards, both here in the kingdom and throughout the vastness of the universe. They are represented by the bear, which is a powerful creature, and yet is gentle in caring for its cubs. They proudly bear the red ruby as a symbol on their breastplates and upon their crowns.’
‘The Ophanim Choir exemplify diligence.’ A striped bee with indigo eyes appeared and settled on a large purple flower. ‘Representatives from this choir are compelled to understand the deep mysteries of eternity and record their understanding to serve as lessons for future generations. They are represented by the bee, which diligently works to store honey for use by future generations, and proudly bear the indigo sapphire on their breastplates and upon their crowns.’
‘The Aralim Choir exemplify kindness.’ The air above them showed a large lion, with a long flowing mane of blonde hair and green emeralds for eyes. ‘The Aralim, in addition to their overt kindness, have a tendency towards bravery, and thus are represented by the kingly lion. They often serve as guides to the inhabitants of other worlds. They proudly bear the green emerald on their breastplates and upon their crowns.’
‘The Elohim Choir exemplifies charity.’ The image above now became an eagle in flight, with eyes of bright orange. ‘The qualities most commonly found in members of this choir are wisdom and grace, and thus they frequently serve in the role of representatives for the Kings to other worlds. They are symbolized by the eagle and bear the orange citrine on their breastplates and upon their crowns.
‘The Cherubim Choir exemplify humility.’ Once again the image changed, this time to a beautiful serpent with piercing blue eyes, outstretched wings, flying through the branches of a stately tree. ‘This choir seeks strength of body and character and is represented by the serpent, which is able to fly, yet is often content with crawling on its belly as a mode of transportation. It is the special honor of this choir to serve as the attendants to the throne of the Kings. They proudly bear the blue aquamarine on their breastplates and upon their crowns.’
‘Lastly, the Hashmalim Choir exemplifies love.’ The last image projected was of a lamb, with long white curls of wool stretching down its back. ‘This choir is known for acts of mercy and its compassion for others. They are represented by the lamb and proudly bear the violet amethyst on their breastplates and upon their crowns.’
‘Each of you will be matched into one of these choirs at the end of your first year, based on which qualities you demonstrate during this year of training.’
After the presentation, Akon led the group on a tour of campus. They were shown the building where all of their classes during the first year would be held, including the class where they would be learning about the history of the kingdom. Akon showed them the dining hall, which was mostly empty, with its long rows of marble tables. They visited the chapel, where they would gather for worship.
The group talked excitedly about all they had seen as Akon led them out to the large assortment of facilities that comprised the recreational complex.
‘It is important that we balance our academic endeavors with physical exertion. You are able to choose to participate in any of the many activities that are available. Those who are most skilled will have the opportunity to represent their choir in their favorite game after completing their first year.’ 
The group entered a large gymnasium that was checkered with an alternating pattern of black and white squares, each containing a vivid red circle. Inside some of these circles, telmid dressed in form-fitting suits and wearing nearly translucent helmets circled each other with short shafts of what looked like glass glowing with refracted light.
‘What are they holding, Akon?’ Helel asked.
‘Those are rapines. They are swords that are composed of pure iridium, which is both strong and light,’ came the reply.
One member of the duo nearest the group charged his opponent, blocked a slash, and countered with a sharp hit to the midriff. Instantly, the recipient’s suit glowed a bright yellow.
‘Does that hurt?’
‘No, Gabriel. The suits and helmets completely protect participants. This is a game of patience and skill, not violence. The point is to score a blow. A one-point blow results in the suit turning yellow, while a two-point blow makes it turn red. The first to score eighteen points wins the match.’
Akon turned to leave and the group followed, except for Helel and Gabriel who stood mesmerized by the action. Their guide led them to an impossibly large stadium where some sort of race was taking place between arella piloting long, winged ships.
Helel and Gabriel ran up and joined the group just as Akon was explaining, ‘Team gliding is a game that requires great strength and teamwork. Each ship is driven by a team of seven arella. Six of the telmid are responsible for the three wings on each side of the ship. The seventh must oversee their efforts and guide the group through a course. The first team to successfully fly their ship through the course wins.’
They watched as one team expertly spun their vessel around a beacon high up in the corner of the stadium and then dove to pass through a hoop located some fifty cubits below them. After dropping at an astonishing speed, they leveled out passing into the ring with the crew furiously working the wings. Several members of the group instinctively cheered as the ship swept through the hoop and shot back toward the near end of the stadium.
Akon smiled, ‘Gliding is one of the more exciting games we play here. I myself am a representative of Hashmalim Choir’s gliding team.’
The tour continued to another arena where orbs of light were being hurtled around a stadium by arella with golden scoops attached to their arms. Although none of the participants had wings, they soared through the air to incredible heights to catch and pass the incredibly fast orb.
‘Gravity is lowered in this particular stadium and the floor and walls act as trampolines. The goal is to hurl the orb through the opponents goal.’
As Akon said this, one participant bounded high into the air while executing a back flip and hurled the orb into the center of the hole on the far wall. The entire wall instantly lit up in a dazzling kaleidoscope of color.’
‘Score,’ Akon said and led them on. 
They toured several other gymnasiums and were shown a variety of games before heading out to the edge of the recreation complex.
Akon signaled for them to be quiet and gestured to a slender arella standing on a grass-covered platform holding what appeared to be a fist-sized ball. He stood looking out over a small lake bordered by thick hemlocks. He bent and placed the round item on his foot. He paused, flicked it into the air, and deftly kicked it. They watched as the object sailed out over the water and took a sudden turn, barely clearing the edge of the pond and coming to rest on a grassy area beyond the far trees, settling near what looked like a short shaft of light, aimed at the sky.
‘That is bocket,’ Akon explained. ‘It is an incredibly difficult game, one that I have never been able to master,’ he said laughing. ‘The idea is to kick one of those balls, called a bocket, through an elaborate course, utilizing as few kicks as possible.’
Gadreel immediately knew what game he was most interested in. He looked over at Ariel who was smiling broadly.
‘Are you thinking what I am?’ Gadreel asked.
‘I'm ready whenever you are,’ he answered.
As they watched, the slender telmid emerged from the woods and picked up his bocket. He reached into a bag slung over his shoulder and chose a different colored one. He kicked the ball through the shaft of light set in the center of the clearing. It hung in air, suspended, as the luminous column pulsed brightly.
Gadreel reluctantly turned away from the course to follow Akon back to the auditorium.
Akon led the group to the academy depot where they were able to pick up their class supplies before releasing them from their orientation.
‘If you all need anything, you should never hesitate to ask me, or any upper level students for help. We all work and play hard, we compete with each other, but ultimately we are all here for the good of the Kingdom. When one of us excels, we all excel. We all strive to succeed, but we want you to succeed as well. I hope you enjoyed your orientation and I look forward to seeing how each of you progress,’ Akon said in farewell.

Chapter 3
His ears detected a rhythmic drumming down the corridor behind him and he froze. His hand sought and found the smooth surface of the wall. He steadied himself, focusing his attention behind, trying to calm the frenetic pulsing in his chest. He knelt, careful to keep his tattered robe from snagging anything in the murky stillness.
He clamped his jaws shut against the desire to suck in more air. He forced himself to take small, measured breathes, counting each one, holding to a sedate cadence. Gradually he brought his anxious body under control and held himself, crouched rigid, trying to detect the source of the noise.
There it was again- distant, enigmatic, mocking. His mind reached through the darkness toward the noise, trying to ascertain its intent. Was it malignant? Should he run?
His head spun reflexively as the intrusive thrumming leapt to the passageway ahead. His throat tightened as he huddled, willing himself not to panic. They had surrounded him. How? He had managed to stay beyond their grasp, but the day had come, as he always knew that it would.
He let out a long breathe, realizing that his lungs were beginning to burn from their depleted state. He jumped and moved to a defensive posture when the noise came again, this time from mere steps away.
Then he recognized it. He stood suddenly as relief washed through him. A jolt of pain shot down his spine as his head collided with the low stone ceiling of the passageway. He rubbed his head, wincing, but his relief was a powerful salve. He resumed his course down the tunnel, head ducked low, and smiled as a drop of cold water landed on his exposed neck.
The rocky surface of the Erascan Valley posed a difficult problem for the early settlers. What soil accumulated in the hollows and crevices of the brittle plain was always reduced to a sloppy mineral soup by the constant seepage of the enormous aquifer that the flinty surface encased.
For an agrarian civilization, soil was life, and this valley was devoid of anything arable. Lisean, the land's original representative, had come up with an interesting solution. Rather than attempt to transport or synthesize loam, he taught the early settlers to carve. He introduced them to refractology and showed them how to use gylebrium crystal to create the famed light chisels of the Derridians. Each chisel was comprised of six slender spires of the translucent mineral, strapped with thin copper wire in an evenly-spaced hexagonal pattern around a core of heartwood.
With these tools, which focused the energy of the planet's twin suns, the Derridians became experts at carving and excavation. The settlers began to transform the barren landscape in a systematic manner. They dug large, precise quarries, utilizing the mined basalt to construct their houses, shops and schools. As they pulled rock from the ground, water seeped up from below to take its place.
Over the course of several millennium, the valley, which measured several thousand kilocubits across, filled with a grid-like patchwork of square water features all five cubits deep.
The surface of each of these pools was covered with some type of aquaformed produce. From the deep purple leaves of the rhubina plant to the milky white fronds of the bowanta, the water of the valley had grown into an impressive agricultural landscape that expanded as the population and needs of its people grew.
Harvesting these aquatic gardens combined the best of agriculture and engineering. When an aquafield reached maturity, the water would be drained, via the intricate network of tunnels that linked every pool. Given the porous nature of the native stone, these passageways had to be sealed every season with a special polymer that kept them dry.
When a lock was opened at the end of a tunnel, water flooded the chamber through a hatch. After draining a pool, the hatch would close and the aquafield was left to dry. A hatch on the opposite passage opened, workers came in and loaded the plants, which rested on an elevated grate, into small wheeled vehicles, and moved the harvested crop through the tunnels to the district's warehouse, where it was brought to the surface via the produce elevators.
Workers scattered seed on the exposed surface of the pool and reopened the lock, beginning the process again. Crops were cycled so that each district would have three harvests per anum, insuring that there was always an abundance and variety of produce available to the Derridian citizenry. Joset had explained that this abundance was what the natives celebrated during their many celebration feasts.
He had not really been interested in the history lesson, but was grateful for the tunnels that these people used to harvest their crops. Joset had shown him through a portion of the maze during the daylight hours, when light was filtered beneath the surface through holes bored at regular intervals and filled with large gylebrium rods. As he worked his way through the labyrinth now, no such light was present.
He did not dare create any artificial illumination as he crept along. The portholes would amplify any luminescence and send up a beacon, announcing his presence to anyone above who might be paying attention. And he was sure that someone would be paying attention. So he slithered along in the dark, like some sort of vole, listening for any sound that might signal his end. He just hoped that he was going the right way. It felt right, but in this dungeon it was difficult to be sure of anything. Except that he could make out the shape of the wall. It was faint, but as the minutes stretched, the void grew murky, then shaded, and finally fully visible. As he crawled out of the tunnel he swore to himself that he would never hide underground again.
 
The air in the grove shimmered with energy and potential. The energy wafting on the air, on the edge of the visual spectrum, was the lifeblood of the cosmos pulsing through Derrida, by way of the grove, uniting it to the greater universe. The potential was the relative proximity of everything in the grove. Between the trees a million light years was one step. Between the trees was escape.
But the potential of the grove was blocked from him. When he had arrived on this rocky world two days earlier, he walked with self-assurance out of the trees and down the main avenue that descended into the heart of the city.
He had arrived with such high expectations. Joset had been a close friend when they were at the academy. They had kept in touch through the years and occasionally took holidays together. He had believed that his old friend would be sympathetic to his cause. They had shared similar views, held similar skepticism, harbored similar doubts.
But Joset had not been sympathetic. He had, in fact, been anything but. And now he was being forced to flee again.
He peered through a crevice in the crag that concealed him. He was still several hundred paces from the entrance. It was odd to see two Seraphim, replete in their ruby armor, standing guard to the grove.
On most days, traffic ran unimpeded through this place, but now no one was being permitted to leave the planet, and the only travelers were squads of arella who came in a periodic, but constant stream, into the city.
He did not recognize the two sentries, who stood upright, their gleaming diamond swords unsheathed and held aloft before them, slender blades blazing like resplendent prisms catching the first rays of morning.
He stared at the dazzling weapons knowing that their power could easily stop him from passing. With those blades, the two Seraphim could harness the latent energy of the path and direct it to blind, shield or even destroy.
Although he knew that they would not use their swords to destroy, being bound and captured would be as bad, maybe worse. He considered trying out his precious treasure, but he needed to know exactly how it functioned first. He contemplated cloaking himself, but knew this was foolish. He could hide his body, but his aura would be easy for them to spot. 
The thought made him duck back behind the rock instinctively. His aura should be hidden from view by the dense basalt and distance, but Seraphim were renowned for their keen perception.
He huddled for a long moment, trying to stave off the growing feelings of hopelessness and fear that had been building over the past weeks. How far he had fallen in that time. He looked down at his dirty hands, nails caked in grime, and wiped them on his robe, but the sticky residue of organic ooze defied his attempts. He gave up, disgusted, and peeked over the edge to survey the surrounding terrain. He would find a way to get off this detestable hunk of rock.

Malek watched the new arrivals step down onto the rocky shelf below. The layer of decomposed leaves and twigs rose several feet above the stony ground, making the first steps onto Derrida somewhat treacherous.
All morning long, small teams had been arriving, dispatched from Mount Kol.
'This must be serious,' his partner, Cali, said nervously.
Cali had only recently graduated from the academy and had the overwhelmed look that first-time fielders always got.
He looked at Malek and asked, 'Does this happen often?'
'Never,' Malek answered honestly, understanding the bewildered expression on Cali's face.
He tried to think of any incident that would serve as a point of comparison, but couldn't. It was a reminder of how far outside of normal this situation was.
‘I've never heard of anyone running when summoned by the Kings. It is insane. He took off and hasn't been seen since. There have been several reports of sightings and a number of rumors that turned out to be false, but this looks like it might be the real thing. By later today this world will be covered with Seraphim. I believe our runner is running out of room,' Malek said, wondering again at the audacity that led to a representative blatantly disregarding a summons.
'Do you know why he was called?' Cali asked.
'Nothing but rumors, and those aren’t worth repeating,' he answered.
The Seraphim squad disappeared into the morning fog that lay over the city. Soon the sound of marching feet also faded under the muffling cloak. Only a deep stillness and the rocky expanse stretched before them, broken by the occasional outcrop of jagged stone.
Malek's eyes ran across the open plain and followed the horizon up the steep rise to the west where the base of Mount Erascus ascended dramatically from the valley floor. The rocky spires were harsh and angular, mottled vividly in black and red, like the spiny back of a giant Alerian Dragon. Halfway up the nearest peak, something reflected in the early rays of dawn that were cresting the higher peaks of the central mountain.
Malek studied the spot intently. The surrounding rock showed no evidence of quartz deposits. He blinked and rubbed his eyes, reasoning that he was seeing some trick of the light. No, there was something there. His keen eyes detected a slight movement and the faint hue of sapphire.
'Cali, you stay here. I see something on that bluff. I'm going to see what it is. Signal me if you have any problems. I'll be back in a moment.'
He took two quick steps and contracted his wings, rapidly rising above the valley. Small pockets of the morning haze were rising and the moisture clung to his skin as he passed through the murky blanket. He broke free into dazzling sunlight and flew toward the dancing lights ahead. He looked back toward Cali but a low hanging cloud concealed all but the top of the tree where his friend stood.
He quickly covered the distance to the mountain and as he neared the spot, he could see something blue wafting gently before the face of the cliff. It hung, somehow suspended and rotating slowly, causing shards of light in a dozen shades of azulian splendor to climb in a symmetrical arch up the stony backdrop.
Malek landed just feet from the object, but the blast of air from his descent did nothing to disturb the methodical orbit of what appeared to be a large gemstone. He looked closer and saw that it was a perfect sapphire. Realization dawned on him suddenly. He reached for it and grasped its faceted circumference, pulling gently.
He tugged, but it resisted. He pulled harder and it moved toward him grudgingly, stretching against some invisible bind. Malek redoubled his efforts and felt the bands that held the gem give way slowly, then snap.
A blast of white light hit his face and drove him backward, stumbling. He fell to the ground as a flash of pain seared his vision, then swept him away on a sea of darkness.

Chapter 4
In his hand Trainer Pravuli held a small object that resembled a crystal teardrop. His finger swept down the center of the object and a panel slid open in the floor, directly under the apex of the dome. A soft buzzing sound ensued as a metallic obelisk rose slowly upward. The students’ chairs moved forward and reclined as the light in the room dimmed perceptively.
‘Today we are going to talk about creation,’ he began as a bright pinpoint of light appeared a few cubits above the heads of the reclining class.
‘The beginning of life started here, at this point. This was the prime initiation; what you might call a singularity, where the universe, as we know it, had its birth.’
‘And what came before? If the Kings created the universe starting here, where were they before and how is it possible that they have always been,’ a voice that Gadreel recognized as Helel’s asked from the corner of the room.
‘Ah, the question. I wondered who would raise it,’ said Trainer Pravuli as he swiped his finger up the length of the object he held.
The presentation paused as the lights and chairs came up together.
‘You are young, Helel. And you will grapple with this question for years to come. I will not be answering it for you. I will, however, do my best to give you a framework in which to ponder it.’
‘The light that you saw appear above your heads a moment ago, what was it?’ asked the trainer.
‘A singularity,’ answered a voice at the front of the room.
‘True, but what specifically was it?’
Silence blanketed the room for several seconds.
‘Cowards,’ he said smiling and continued, ‘It was the entire universe. All of the space that exists was held in that one bright spot that the utterance of the Kings initiated. But because it was brought into being by the word of creation, it expanded. That is what creation does, it perpetually, well, creates.’
He swiped the controller in his hand and the spot appeared overhead and began growing. As it continued to grow, it was no longer a single light, but millions of tiny lights clustered closely together. These began moving rapidly outward in what seemed to be a giant explosion. As the cloud of light spread, the projection’s perspective zoomed out revealing a conical shape that continually expanded and changed. Soon the students could discern shapes resembling stars, solar systems and galaxies.
‘Now let us talk about time. What you just saw was the passage of about four thousand millennia, so what came before?’
This time Helel’s voice intoned, ‘Sir, I believe that is the very question I asked you.’
‘True, Helel. It is. The answer is that there was no before because time does not exist without space. We know that there are ten spatial dimensions and one temporal dimension to the universe. Most of these appear only at the subatomic level. For practical purposes, we experience four- height, width, depth, and time. You will learn much more about how these dimensions function when you study interstellar travel, but for the sake of our discussion you need to understand one truth. Time cannot abide in a void. Therefore, before space was created by the Kings, there was no time; hence there was no before.’
‘But what space did the Kings occupy when they created the universe?’ Helel asked in a somewhat exasperated voice.
‘There is a planet in the Andromeda Galaxy that is completely liquid. All of the inhabitants of this world never break the surface of the water as its atmosphere is too dense for the creatures to penetrate. Now, imagine that I was trying to describe our classroom to some of the fish of this realm. They have neither the experience nor the intellectual capacity to conceptualize our world. That is you, Helel,’ Trainer Pravuli said with a smile.
‘You are comparing me to a fish,’ Helel asked irritably.
‘In some ways, yes. You are a powerful and intelligent creature, but that power and intelligence has its limits. You are a creation of space and time and are a captive of those limitations. The Kings are beyond space and time, so grasping how they do what they do is simply more than you can comprehend. That is why I told you that I would not be answering your question. However, knowing your limitations will aid you in wrestling with these questions, and they are questions worth wrestling with.’
With that he restarted the presentation and the universe continued its rapid expansion. It detailed the preparation of the Orion Galaxy and the establishment of Mount Kol, which was created by the Kings. The students witnessed the creation of the first arellian representatives and the work that they did in building the city.
The presentation went on to detail the establishment of the oldest worlds and their inhabitants. As the legions of arella grew, so did the breadth of the universe. More and more planets, filled with more and more creatures being served and guided by more and more angels.
As the presentation came to a close, Gadreel asked, ‘OK, so after each solar system had matured and the orbiting planets were ready, more creations started filling up these new kingdoms. And soon there were hundreds of galaxies with thousands of inhabited solar systems, which means there were soon billions of inhabitants stretched across millions of light years of expanding universe. How do the Kings keep track of all of this?’
‘Again, Gadreel, you are thinking in a manner confined by time. Time is an attribute of the created, not the creators. They are able to take an age to examine every issue brought before them, but this eternity is an instant within time. I don’t understand how it happens either, but that makes sense since I am a created being and am able to only live one moment at a time.’
As Ariel and Gadreel were leaving the classroom, Helel caught up with them.
‘What did you think of our trainer’s answer to your question?’ asked Helel as he fell into step with the pair.
‘I guess it’s the best he can give, but it confuses me,’ Gadreel answered.
‘I find it incredibly confusing, and evasive,’ Helel said.
‘I don’t believe he was being evasive at all. Trainer Pravuli was giving the only answer he is able to. It seemed like his example about the fish summed it up nicely,’ interrupted Ariel.
‘I’m not surprised, Ariel,’ Helel said and turned aside, heading down a connecting hall.
‘What was that about?' Gadreel asked.
'I'm not really sure. I get the idea he doesn't like me for some reason. He looks at me funny,' Ariel said.
'That's hardly surprising. You are funny looking,' Gadreel said, chuckling. 'But seriously, why do you believe we were created? If the Kings are capable of running things without us, what are we doing here?’
‘I think we are here because it is the nature of the Kings to create, and we help them in the ongoing process,’ Ariel answered.
‘And so as the highest created life forms, we serve the Kings directly?’
Ariel considered for a second before answering, ‘Yes, but the point is that in serving the Kings we serve those who are less powerful than ourselves. We are the tools that the Kings use in order to serve, preserve and assist the numerous creations throughout the universe.’
The two telmid exited the building and strolled across the courtyard. They stopped by a large tree and each picked a large piece of fruit. The air was cool in the shade and they sat, leaning against the rough bark and watching other students pass by.
‘Do you understand the relationship of the Kings?’ Gadreel asked, changing the subject.
‘With us, or with each other?’ asked Ariel.
‘With each other. The trainer kept talking as if everything they do is one thing, but what if they have different ideas about what to do?’
‘I think it is kind of like the air glide teams. A good crew has members who are all dedicated to working together, as one, to navigate the course. The Kings work that way. Because their essence is to create, they are perfectly in tune and balance to fulfill that nature. A rower who decides that he doesn't want to pull is no longer fulfilling his function, his role on the ship. Because they are who they are, they do what they do. Each serves a role in the common mission and because they are all knowing, that purpose is always in harmony,’ Ariel answered.
‘But what separates them? Gadreel continued.
Ariel took a bite, staring at the red starfruit in his hand. He paused, considering for a moment before answering, ‘This tree gives us shade and sustenance. When we talk about it, we wouldn’t say that the roots gave us this fruit, although without them, the tree would not grow this delicious starfuit. The same holds true for the leaves and the branches. All of these parts allow it to fulfill its nature, to grow and produce, or you could say create. I know it's a rather simplistic explanation, but it's one way for us to make sense of their relationship. A branch is not a leaf, but both are interdependent on each other and together they make a tree.’
‘Maybe you should be a trainer at the academy, my friend. I don’t know if you are right, but you certainly make it sound as if you are,’ Gadreel laughed.
They finished eating their lunch and headed over to where their class was beginning. They met a group of about forty others on a flat grass plot that lay adjacent to the first bocket path. Waiting were ten trainers that divided them into groups of four. Gadreel and Ariel stayed together and joined their trainer at an edge of the field, where mesh bags containing balls the size of a fist were placed.
Gadreel recognized the slender arella that they had observed playing the day before as he approached.
‘My name is Tyrel and I am here to help you learn the greatest game in the universe,’ he greeted them enthusiastically.
He began grabbing balls from the basket and tossing one to each member of his group.
‘This is a driving bocket. Feel how smooth it is. This means it has very little aerodynamic drag. It is also fairly heavy, as far as bockets go. This will maximize distance and limit the amount of effect that the wind might have.’
‘Yesterday we watched you curve one of these at least twenty cubits over there,’ Gadreel interjected pointing out at the first path.
‘I thought I had an audience. But you are mistaken.’ He reached into a bag on the ground, pulled out a slightly larger bocket, and tossed it to Gadreel. ‘What difference do you notice between the two?’ he asked.
Gadreel studied it carefully and answered, ‘It has deep ridges on it. And it is lighter.’
‘Yep. And those factors allow me to make it spin and move in specific directions, when struck properly. But first you need to learn to kick one straight,’ Tyrel replied with a smile.
He turned his attention to the rest of the group. ‘Eventually you will learn all about the various types of bockets and shots that you will need to maneuver through the courses you play. Today I want you to kick long and straight,’ he said and flicked the ball up into the air in front of him, took one step forward, and kicked it powerfully down the field before them.
Gadreel, who had been studying him carefully executed a strong kick and watched with satisfaction as it flew on the same line as the Tyrel’s.
‘Looks like we have a natural bocket player with us today,’ Tyrel said and slapped Gadreel on the back.
Ariel’s first attempt, however, was a bit humbling. He flicked the ball properly, but kicked it off the side of his foot and it skidded sideways, rolling only a few cubits.
‘Nice try, Ariel, but you must watch the bocket closely until you make contact with your foot. You were looking up to see where it went before you even kicked it,’ Tyrel said.
After a few tries he began to kick the ball further and further with only a few shanks off the edge of his foot. Fairly soon he was able to consistently kick the bocket at least 200 cubits; however, he still struggled with keeping it straight and had a tendency to angle the ball to the left and miss his target by a wide margin.
Gadreel built on his initial success and was sending his kicks out in a beautiful arc of more than 250 cubits.
'Who created this game?' Ariel asked.
‘Bocket is one of the oldest games that we play. An angel named Michelian came up with the concept after he had been studying the physics of rotating spheres. He created a variety of the balls that we use before he had even considered using them in a sport. Eventually he began trying to kick them into baskets around various obstacles. This led him to create this course, which is the oldest in the kingdom.’
‘So the game was first played right here?’ asked Gadreel.
‘It was. This is a very natural course using native elements such as trees, water and bushes. There are others that are much more difficult, utilizing extravagant obstacles both manufactured and technological such as arches, walls and plasma fields. These days this old relic is used primarily to train new initiates to the game. Personally, I am rather partial to natural courses, and this one in particular. Next time we will go out and try those budding skills on the paths, but for now, our time is up,' Tyrel said and excused himself.

Chapter 5
The bird that alighted on the branch cocked its head curiously. Its tawny feathers stood up on the crown as a passing breeze gave them a gentle stroke. The small creature moved toward a succulent red berry that hung above. Craning, it pulled a drupelet from the ripe fruit.
It stopped, bent its neck, and carefully wiped its beak clean against the bark. As it raised its head for a second serving, a movement caught its attention. It turned and with bright, nervous eyes watched the black head with the darting tongue move toward it.
The small bird froze, not sure what to do. It stared straight into the other creature’s face, unable to look away. The moment hung, still, like the berry above.
The breeze came back around on its circuitous course, catching the bird’s wing and causing it to rise perceptively.
Instantly, the small creature exploded in a cloud of yellow feathers as the wide black mouth crushed its fragile bones; its bright eyes fading to the color of spent ash.
A knock on the door caused Ariel to start. For a moment, he wasn’t sure where he was. He looked around the room, as if expecting something to be there. He arose, walked outside where three of his housemates stood.
‘Get dressed. We’re going on an adventure,’ Gadreel blurted.
‘Where to?’ Ariel responded.
‘We found something we want to show you,’ Helel answered. ‘Gabriel and I were exploring the gorges south of here and found these incredibly warm pools that bubble from the ground. We came back to get you guys. Except for Raphael, everyone else is in. Are you coming?’ he asked in a tone that seemed a challenge.
Ariel couldn’t explain why, but Helel made him uncomfortable. He was as friendly as any of the housemates, but he seemed to look right through you, like he was evaluating you. It gave him a nervous sensation.
However, the prospect of a little excitement overcame his discomfort and he quickly agreed to go. Despite the lack of bright light coming from the mountain, it was still possible to see. The forest around their tree radiated a soft glow that showed them their path, yet the abundance of shadows lent the scene an eeriness that reminded Ariel of the tiny yellow bird.
‘Why didn’t Raphael want to join us? Ariel asked the others.
‘The bookworm wanted to get ahead on his studies.’ Helel answered. ‘I told him we have at least ten hours before the mountain light returns and an additional hour before class begins, but he wouldn’t listen to me. Maybe he doesn’t like us,’ he continued with a smirk.
‘Or perhaps he has other priorities,’ Gabriel responded.
They walked together through trees so tall and thick that it was difficult to navigate. Luckily, Helel remembered the route well enough to prevent them from getting lost. The terrain became more and more hilly until they came upon an area with sheer cliffs rising from the edges of the trail, which soon confined them tightly on both sides. Now the only visible light came from high above. After hiking for about thirty minutes they emerged onto a rocky opening surrounded by steep canyon walls. In the silence of the twilight they could hear a gurgling noise coming from all around the group.
'The sound you are hearing is from underground water bubbling to the surface. There are at least twenty pools in this little canyon that are incredibly warm,' Gabriel explained.
They turned off the main path unto a smaller one that led them directly to one of the pools that lay at the foot of the steep canyon wall.
Helel plunged right in, followed closely by Ariel. It was amazing. He could touch bottom near the edge and found a rock to sit on, keeping his head just above the surface. The water soothed his muscles and the hypnotic sound lulled him into a comfortable stupor. The two-hour walk had been well worth the effort, and he was certainly glad he had joined his friends.
They lay soaking in the pool for hours, talking about the walk, the academy, and individuals they had met over their first few days. Ariel enjoyed the conversation and relaxation that the environment produced. He was beginning to drift off in a contented daze when Helel offered up a challenge.
‘I bet no one can climb that wall,’ he said.
Everyone glanced around wondering who would take up the challenge. Gadreel responded first. ‘I’ll do it. Coming Ariel?’
Without hesitation he assented and climbed out of the pool to join Gadreel. No one else volunteered, so the two of them scouted out the cliff edge alone, looking for a route up the face. Ariel located a thin crack in the side of the cliff that provided adequate foot and hand holds. Ariel led the way, with Gadreel following close behind. Below the others offered shouts of encouragement, which grew quieter as they climbed.
They reached a small ledge about thirty cubits above the pool. They stopped to rest and waved to their friends below, who were lulling comfortably in the warm waters.
‘Do you ever get visions while you are resting?’ Ariel asked.
‘I do. Last night I seemed to be some sort of big cat running through a jungle. It was incredible,’ Gadreel replied, smiling broadly at the memory.
‘Do you think it means anything?’ Ariel continued.
‘I’m not sure. I don’t think I’m going to turn into some sort of tiger, but who knows,’ he chuckled.
For a moment Ariel thought about describing his vision from the night before, but decided against it. Why would such a violent image come into his head and why did it fill him with such unease? He could still imagine the broken bird hanging in the mouth of the frightening creature. He wasn’t sure what the animal had been, perhaps some sort of dragon?
‘Do you want to climb higher?’ Gadreel interrupted his thoughts.
It was quickly apparent that they would either have to jump into the shallow pool below or keep climbing. They spotted another ledge seventy cubits above that seemed to have a path leading down the gorge to the west.
The lower part of the climb was easy, with plenty of crevices and jutting rocks to hang on to, but as they climbed higher, these holds became harder to find.
‘I can’t find another hold,’ Ariel yelled down to his friend as they entered a section of the climb where the rock was as smooth as polished marble.
‘Over to your right,’ came the reply.
He noticed the small crevice. If he grabbed it and swung across, there was a small ledge that stood at the base of a long, wide crack.
He gripped the rock firmly, shot one furtive glance down at his friend, and jumped. Just as his feet left their hold, the rock gave way and began to fall. As he tumbled past Gadreel, his housemate reached desperately, grabbing Ariel’s forearm. Ariel swung in a wide arch as Gadreel clutched fiercely. He slammed into the side of the cliff with a thud and hung there, dazed. As his senses cleared, he found a foothold and held an outcropping tightly.
From above Gadreel chuckled, ‘Are you going to make a habit of this, Ariel?’
Carefully the duo made their way up to the path they had seen from below.
‘That was exciting,’ Gadreel said as they pulled themselves to safety.
‘I think I’ve had enough excitement for today. Thank you again, my friend,’ Ariel responded.
The ledge was about a cubit wide and stretched horizontally to a point that seemed to be directly over the pool. They both sat on the ledge to catch their breath and looked out over the canyon below. They had scaled over half of the canyon height and were now able to appreciate the true beauty of this place. There were, in fact, at least twenty bubbling pools in the canyon, but more impressive were the boiling fountains that intermittently shot plumes high into the air. Each time they erupted, large rainbows appeared in the mist before fading away with the falling water. 
‘Uh, do you notice anything unusual about the pool where we left everyone?’ Gadreel asked.
Ariel peered down at the pool. It seemed much smaller from this height than he remembered it being, and it was empty. ‘There is no one down there! Did they leave us? Why would they do that?’
Gadreel replied right away, ‘It sure seems bright out, doesn’t it? We have to go! We are going be late for class!’
A sickening panic rose up in Ariel. How much time had passed while they climbed? Why had no one warned them? Had they taken so long that the others, knowing the time, had gone back? 
‘Lets go!’
They made their way down the path. It was slow going and when they reached the canyon floor, another thirty minutes had passed. By the time they found the pool, the light was beginning to infiltrate deeper into the canyon.
'The others are probably heading into class right now,’ Ariel observed miserably. ‘What happens if we are late?’
‘I have no idea.’ Gadreel replied. ‘Maybe we can slip in the back and won’t be noticed.’
They decided against returning home for their school supplies and detoured to the river to save some distance. Yet despite this shortcut they were a full hour late when they finally walked through the academy gates. They quickly made their way to the classroom and quietly as they could, slipped into the back row and took two empty seats. Trainer Pravuli seemed fully immersed in a story about the construction of an important building in the south of the city and hadn’t seemed to notice their late arrival. Ariel looked around until he saw where Helel and Gabriel were sitting. At that moment Helel turned around and made eye contact, giving him a small wink and a smile.
‘Helel is responsible for this,’ Ariel whispered to Gadreel.
‘Come on; there has to be some explanation. What about the others?’
‘I’m telling you. I think he planned it,’ Ariel replied in a louder voice.
‘Ariel and Gadreel, would you please join me at the podium at the end of class? It is not enough that you come in late, but now you disturb your classmates by tittering like hens,’ the trainer’s voice cut through their discussion.
The remainder of the period passed by painfully. Neither Ariel nor Gadreel had any supplies and had to content themselves to sit and listen, knowing that they faced a serious reprimand, and possibly worse. Ariel felt intensely ashamed, but also betrayed. How could their friends have deserted them that way? And how had he been that irresponsible to let the time get away from him?
With a mixed sense of dread and relief, the two friends fought the current of exiting students to reach the trainer’s desk.
‘I know that you have a riveting excuse as to why you were over an hour late. And I’m sure that your discussion during class was of universal importance and superseded anything that I was attempting to teach. However, I am a simple trainer. And I prefer to believe that punctuality and respect still hold a place in the Kingdom.’
Gadreel began to say something, but a withering glance from Trainer Pravuli stopped him in mid-sentence.
‘I would suggest that each of you review the material that you missed today in class. You are responsible for any content that we covered. But more importantly, I hope that you take this opportunity to consider your role here. You are important to our work, and if you don’t get that, we all suffer. We all make mistakes, but you need to learn from those mistakes.’
‘I can’t believe that we didn’t get in more trouble,’ Gadreel said as they exited the classroom. ‘I was expecting to be paying for this for the rest of the year.’
Ariel nodded but couldn’t reply. He was utterly ashamed. 

Chapter 6
Barman watched the blank expression on the young arella's face with a mixture of concern and wonder. He understood the catatonic state from a purely academic perspective, but had never witnessed this mental overload in one of the King's representatives. It occasionally happened to lesser beings, but to have it happen to one of his own was incredible. He snapped his fingers before the passive face with no acknowledgment or recognition.
In the adjoining room his partner sat alert, but badly singed. Malek looked the worse of the two, but Barman understood the senior arella's injuries didn't compare to those of this recent academy graduate.
The door banged open loudly and Garot strode in with his usual abruptness. Although short for an arella, with smallish feature and a slightly round appearance, he more than compensated for his size with an excess of energy, volume and knowledge.
He clamped Barman on the shoulder affectionately before turning toward the injured angel. He bent and blew gently into the grotesquely dilated pupils.
'Well what happened to this one?' he asked a bit too loudly.
Barman flinched and began to respond, but Garot didn't wait for an answer. He started prodding and poking his subject while maintaining a constant, thundering crescendo of words, piled on top of each other in an avalanche of sound. The ancient angel had an incredible grasp of biology, chemistry and the myriad of healing sciences, but his complete lack of social awareness made him virtually impossible to listen to.
Knowing he would be in the way, Barman excused himself and left, neither expecting or receiving acknowledgment of the fact.
As he approached the door to the adjoining room he heard an excited voice and a loud scraping noise. He entered to find two large Seraphim, each holding one of Malek's arms as the burned arella fought to rise from his chair.
'Enough,' Barman thundered, more loudly than he intended.
Three sets of eyes swiveled quickly in his direction.
'Let him go and he will stay seated and calm. He will also explain to me why one of my subordinates is in need of restraint.'
Malek's eyes met his and glanced quickly away.
'I'm sorry,' he said. 'I just want to check on Cali. It is my fault he got hurt. I should have stayed with him instead of leaving him to guard the grove by himself.'
'I'm rather inclined to agree with you, but let's figure out what happened before we worry about who is to blame. Cali will be fine. If Garot can't help him we will take him back to Mount Kol for help. Now, Malek. I believe you to be sensible, so what in the wide heavens caused you to leave your post?'
Without raising his eyes to meet Barman's, he extended a large hand and opened it. Lying across the palm lay a perfect, oval sapphire. Barman recognized the signature cut of the impressive gemstone.
'The pendant of Ophanim,' Barman gasped.
'I saw the glow and thought it was his aura and thought he might escape if I waited. I flew up to investigate and there it hung. I tried to grab it, but it didn't want to move. I pulled harder and was thrown back by a hot, bright flash of light. Then I woke up here. He told me Cali is hurt,' Malek said, pointing at one of his Seraphim escorts. 'Can I go to him please?'
Barman saw the pain on his face. Few things felt worse than knowing your mistake resulted in injury to another. It happened, of course, but understanding the fact didn't make it any easier. He understood the emotion too well.
'As soon as Garot is through checking him,' he said.
 
There wasn't time to wonder what he would find on the other side once he stepped into the grove. Taking down the two sentries made haste all the more imperative. It wouldn't take long for another squad to come through and raise the alarm. So he walked through the shimmering veil, sensed the familiar tingle on his skin, the brief terror of falling, and then the reassuring stability of firm soil under his well-worn sandal.
His return to this familiar, and hated, world demonstrated the severity and speed of his fall. After graduating from the academy, this had been his first post- Yabler, the grungy sole of the stale boot known as the Orsule Galaxy. This primitive and remote world contained no large cities, no major industry, no advanced peoples.
The planet's population was widely dispersed in small clans functioning like large, nomadic families, moving systematically through specified regions, foraging and harvesting wild crops.
As a young representative eager to do something meaningful, it had been a disappointing shock to end up on this dull, uninspiring world, without major issues to solve or important decisions to make. Days spent with nothing to do but fly over thousands of kilocubits of forested lands looking for the small bands of simpletons comprising this world's occupants, created a fair amount of bitterness toward Yabler.
He had lobbied repeatedly to be transferred from the place. The official records surely demonstrated his disdain of the planet, making it a perfect location for his next stop. Having received no support from former friends, other than the few who offered to deliver messages, the number of open options had diminished. Several associates voiced their sympathy, but no one willing to defy the government and put their wings on the line for him.
It was time to disappear. They would be placing more guards on the grove and jumping around to different galaxies was too dangerous to continue. He needed to evaporate like the mist, and Yabler was a perfect place to do so. Here the small tribes could go months, or even years, without a visit from their representative. They wanted very little and their wide dispersion made official visits infrequent at best.
The other reason he chose this place was the Yolenes. They were his sole accomplishment during his tenure on this world.
As a young representative, he had been anxious to share all of the wonderful things that he had learned at the academy with his charges. During his visitations he attempted to expand the natives' point of view. He lectured on the benefits of a more stable agriculture, the usefulness of technology, the value of a centralized government. Yet despite his best efforts, the locals had no interest in evolving. They were content with their lives and saw no reason to change.
Except the Yolenes. That one clan listened.
When he first met them, the Yolenes inhabited the densest, roughest sector of the planet. Thick wooded stands surrounded jagged spires that rose sharply from the jungle below. The wild mushrooms, nuts and forest grains sustaining the residents of Yabler were in short supply in the harsh environment.
As a result, the Yolenes stood smaller in stature and number than their neighbors. They worked harder for less. Over the years this led many of their clan to become resentful of the neighboring tribes.
He had been amazed by their ignorance. They seemed incapable of looking at the problem from another perspective. They griped over the number of mushrooms while they sat on land that was much more valuable than that of their neighbors. They complained to their young representative, but had done nothing to improve their situation.
He introduced them to very simple mining and smelting technologies. Rocky outcrops, crisscrossed with caves, allowed the Yolenes to simply walk through and collect large chunks of mineral deposits. He showed them how to smelt and forge these ores into useful tools for clearing the land, building permanent homes and more advanced mineral extraction operations.
The Yolenes took to it with a surprising resolve and discipline. Within a short period of time stood a small, but functional, town, a rudimentary agricultural system and a new philosophy of existence.
Shortly after this triumph he was reassigned. His senior representative had been somewhat less enthusiastic about the manner and timing of his intervention. It had been a painful and humiliating ending to his proudest moment, but at least it had gotten him off of this miserable planet...for a while.
Although the idea of walking all the way to the Yolene's sector was deplorable, it was less risky than flying. He had to blend in and avoid detection. He shielded his visage and headed into the forest, turning south to follow one of the tributaries that led to the larger rivers of the Tenga Valley.
 
'So he left his pendant just hanging there?' Araton asked.
'He had it bound in a sheet of compressed air. The same sheet was used as a separator between a chemical nitrate and some sort of ignition device. When he pulled it away it set off the explosion that rendered him unconscious,' Barman answered, pausing to pour himself a cup of tea.
They were seated on a large veranda behind Araton's estate, gazing over the meandering ribbon of the Rainbow River.
'When do you leave for your next assignment?’ he asked his old friend.
Araton sat silent, staring out over the golden grasses that rippled in the gentle breeze. He remained still, seeming lost in his thoughts. Finally he shook his head and answered.
'I have a new precept. He is very studious and young. He and I will be leaving for our preliminary survey in a few weeks, but why are you deliberately changing the subject? You do that when you don't want to say something.'
It was Barman's turn to lapse into silence. Araton waited patiently, knowing that his friend would answer eventually.
'It's because I'm a bit angry with the Kings, Araton. This shouldn't have happened. Cali, the young arella, had some sort of mental overload. Garot said it was some type of compulsion I have never heard of being used on an arella. This could have been avoided!'
'And how is this Cali?' Araton asked.
'He will be fine, but that isn't the point. The Kings knew where he was. By the heavens, they know where he is now and nothing. Not a word. I don't understand it.'
'Yet.'
'What?'
'You don't understand it yet, Barman. You've been at this long enough to understand the difference.'
'Yes, you're right, of course. I'm just frustrated. He has completely disappeared. No one knows where; well at least no one who is talking.'
'So what is your next step, my friend?'
Barman took a deep sip of his tea. He looked across the table at Araton, a resigned look and faint smile on his face.
'I wait. And I hate to wait.'

Chapter 7
'Maybe we should talk to them about this later,' Gadreel offered, as the pair stood watching Helel and Gabriel with a group of fourth-year members of the rapinere team. One fairly short arella was demonstrating some sort of attack using a slender, wooden rod. As they chatted and sparred playfully, a tightness gripped Ariel's chest. He focused on Helel and the discomfort grew. Was he being unfair in his feelings toward his housemate? A small yellow bird landed on a branch above Helel’s head. He looked up, studying the feathery creature. Ariel felt a sudden pang of fear. He tensed for a moment, then relaxed as the tiny winged creature took flight and rode the wind out of sight.
'I want to hear what possible excuse that they could have for leaving us. You didn't notice the look Helel gave me. He was mocking us. I don't know how I know, but I do,' Ariel countered.
Ariel suspected that Helel was aware of his presence. He appeared to be observing his companion joust, but the position of his head and the shadows of the trees hid his eyes. The diminutive telmid with the practice sword had changed from attack to defense mode and was nimbly retreating from his invisible adversary. His extreme concentration on this foe caused him to overlook the rucksack on the ground behind him. As he parried a desperate lunge, his feet caught on the impediment and he fell over in an undignified heap.
Helel and his companions began laughing hysterically at this comic turn of events. At that moment his head swiveled deliberately and he made eye contact with Ariel. His laughter never faltered, and like a shot, Ariel was off.
'This is a bad idea, Ariel,' Gadreel advised as he followed closely at his friend’s heels, who pressed on unperturbed.
'You left us,' Ariel said walking directly up to Helel.
The arella, who stood almost a head taller, looked down with an annoyed expression on his chiseled face.
'Actually you left us,' Helel answered coolly. 'You left us in the pool, while you went climbing for hours. If we had waited for you to get done playing around, we all would have been late to class.'
'Why didn't you warn us of the time?' Ariel retorted.
'Oh, we tried. We yelled till our throats were sore,' he answered, looking over at Gabriel for confirmation, who nodded his assent apologetically. 'Perhaps you might want to consider gathering the facts before you storm up to me, interrupt a private discussion and make a fool of yourself.' Helel turned calmly away and began talking to another member of his group.
Ariel stood staring, unsure what to do next. Gadreel grabbed his friend's elbow and steered him away. Ariel allowed himself to be led for several cubits, but seemed to change his mind, swinging around. He met Helel's eyes, who once again winked at him, and began to walk back toward the group, but Gadreel again pulled him, this time more forcibly.
'That's enough, Ariel! He's right. It was our fault.'
'He winked at me again. I'm telling you, he set that up.'
'Well if he did, it was only possible because we were too oblivious to notice how much time had passed. And why are you so mad at Helel? He wasn't the only one who left us.'
Ariel started to object, but stopped, seeming to realize that arguing made him seem irrational. He was convinced, in his heart, that Helel had somehow tricked them, but didn't know how.
At that moment Gabriel came running up.
‘Ariel, don’t blame Helel. It was my fault. I should stayed behind to make certain you found your way back. I am sorry. Will you forgive me?’
Instantly, the tension loosened, replaced by regret for how he had reacted. After all, he chose to take Helel's challenge. And the noise of the water and wind, combined with the intensity of the climb, must have made them oblivious to the group yelling below. And Helel hadn't told them to go that high. The more he considered it, the guiltier he felt.
‘No Gabriel, it was our fault. I am sorry for speaking out of place.’
‘Forget about it,’ Gabriel responded. ‘But that place is awesome isn’t it?’
‘Definitely.’
'Hey, I'm heading over to the library to do some background research on the lecture today. If you want to come with me, I can share my notes so that you don't get behind.'
They accepted and the group headed toward the building together.
The academy library was a vast sprawling structure composed of an open, pentagonal, columned atrium with narrow windows that spanned the entire 100-cubit height, from floor to buttressed ceiling. Off of each side of the central chamber, an arcade led to a cluster of small apses, like the legs of a giant sea star, complete with tubular feet. It was into one of these apartments, designed for study groups, that they went.
‘I hate that you missed so much of class. It was a fascinating lecture. And I’m even more sorry about the trouble that you got into,’ Gabriel said apologetically.
‘Gabriel, you have to stop apologizing. We are responsible for what happened, not you. Right, Ariel?’ Gadreel asked teasingly.
‘He’s right Gabe. It was our own fault. So what did we miss?’
Gabriel pulled out his notes and spread them on the table.
‘As you both know, the celestial city was, and is still being, built by arella. The Kings establish the basic tenets of design harmony and allow us to build the city by applying those principals. Many of the structures spread throughout the city were first conceptualized in this very building, by students working on an assignment for one of the upper-level classes. A fourth-year student, of extraordinary skill, named Frankel, designed the residence arbor that we live in. If you look at the cornerstones of the various buildings around campus, many bear the names of the arella who designed them.’
‘I didn’t realize that arella were responsible for creating this campus,’ Gadreel said.
‘Much of it, but not only at the academy. The same can be said of structures throughout the city. And it’s not just the buildings. Botanists and environmental engineers studying right here have been directly responsible for many of the thousands of parks we have here.’
‘That explains the diversity evident as you walk through the streets,’ noted Ariel.
‘And those designs are not limited to this city. Arella also aid inhabitants of other worlds in the design and construction of some of their temples, colleges and capitols, either through direct assistance or through inspiration,’ Gabriel said, pausing to take a drink of water.
‘How does that work?’ asked Ariel.
‘Inspiration comes from the Kings. We are inspired by the created world and by Ruach's leading. We, in turn, are able to pass along this inspiration to lesser beings on other worlds. There are a number of ways we are allowed to inspire. We can allow circumstances to suggest actions to those we are attempting to assist. For instance, if there was a being trying to come up with a blueprint for a library on their planet and I had a design, say like this building we sit in, I could cause a sea star to happen upon the beach that the would-be designer was walking down, or maybe arrange that they come across a book detailing some of the right ideas. If this proved ineffective, perhaps I would place some images into a dream,’ Gabriel continued.
‘What is a dream?’ Ariel interjected.
‘A dream is sort of like the visual presentations that we watch through the array or like we saw at our orientation. It is a scene that plays in the mind while a being is either semiconscious or unconscious. Do you ever see visions while you are resting?’ Gabriel asked.
‘Yes!’ Ariel exclaimed excitedly.
'That is a dream. We are able to have them as well. In fact, sometimes the Kings use our dreams to speak to us.’
‘So they were trying to tell me something,’ Ariel asked.
‘If you saw something in a dream, it’s possible that the Kings are telling you something. Although according to an article I just read, dreams are also one of the ways our minds sort out our thoughts and impressions to help us make sense of things. And sometimes they act like a kind of cleansing, by sweeping away some of the excess that gets caught up in our memory.’
‘How do we know the difference?'
‘I’m not sure, Ariel. I believe that if the Kings are trying to tell you something, it will become obvious with time. I'm not certain that all dreams have special significance. Perhaps we will learn how to know the difference eventually.’
Gabriel started to explain some of the limitations and rules about using inspiration, but Ariel wasn't focusing on what he said. He was thinking about his dream. Were the Kings trying to warn him about something?
 
On the walk back home, Gadreel asked, 'Are you going to talk to Helel?’
‘Yes, but I don't want to. For some reason, he makes me uneasy. I can’t explain it. However, I didn't have the right to react as I did. If I see him, I’ll ask for his forgiveness,’ Ariel answered, although he secretly hoped that Helel would be out when they arrived.
This proved not to be the case, however. As they approached the door to the house, it swung open and Helel exited directly in their path. He stopped and stared unblinking into Ariel’s face for a tense second.
‘Can I speak with you, Helel?’ asked Ariel.
He nodded and Gadreel continued into the house. After the door closed, Ariel said, 'I owe you an apology. I acted poorly today. I had no right to blame you for my negligence.'
‘No you didn’t,’ Helel answered. ‘Nor do you have the right to humiliate me in front of my friends. I will forgive you Ariel, but don’t ever do something like that again. You'll regret it if you do!’ and strode off, without glancing back.

Chapter 8
He paused midstream and knelt. He cupped the clear, cold water and brought it to his lips, enjoying the sensation of the thirst-sating chill as it washed down his throat and into his belly. The day was hot and he sat on a boulder, feet dangling in the frigid pool. Beneath the rippling surface he watched the gentle tide dislodge the caked dirt from between his toes, carrying his filth away.
A silvery dartfish floated in to investigate the disturbance. He wiggled a toe and, true to its name, it disappeared like a loosed arrow. As he stared at the water, he regretted the move. It was a reminder of how alone he was. His last word to anyone was the argument with Joset. His only recent interactions were attacks on fellow arella that had done him no harm. True, they would have bound him and sent him to his fate, if allowed. Did that justify his actions? He saw no other possible outcome given the circumstances.
But because of those actions any sympathy that he might have received from other arella was lost. He was no longer one of them. He was despised and alone. Well, not completely alone. The water around his feet cleared and he saw that its shallow depths teemed with miniature life. He watched as a spotted snail began nibbling on a slender river tuber. A flap opened along the back of the plant and filled with the ebbing flow of the current, lifting it upwards toward the surface. It soared over the head of the snail, like a dove circling high above a leopard hunting on the plain.
The snail swiveled its head in a confused motion, perplexed by the disappearance of its snack. Eventually it gave up and moved along in its ponderous way to find a less mobile meal. The tuber rode the current, its tip occasionally popping above the rippling water and breaking into the gaseous expanses above. He reached out and stroked the exposed plant with a fingertip. Instantly, the small flap closed and the tuber fell flaccidly to the sandy stream bed.
'That is what I have to be,' he thought. 'I will ride the tides that confront me and confound my enemies. I will survive.'
 
Egots crept through the underbrush on all fours, careful not to disturb the brittle branches of the tharrow thicket. He arched his back and wiggled under a low hanging shoot. The warthog stopped and sniffed the air deliberately, but moved on seemingly unaware of his presence. He should be studying his lessons, but the pig's squeals had stolen his concentration. One lesson he understood very well, a sow's nose led to treasure. The frightening looking animals had an incredible sense of smell and could always be counted on to find the best berry patches, cool mushroom hollows or ripe nut trees.
The bristly hide of the huge animal ripped through a dense hedge near the edge of the creek, causing a startled thwiffer to take flight in a deluge of aviary protestations. Egots was just about to follow when a rustling upstream caused him to hesitate. A diminutive clone of the sow tumbled out of a nearby bush and scurried to find its mother. Egots smiled at its clumsy antics and waited several seconds longer before following. Hogs were dangerous if you came too close to their young.
When he was certain that he had allowed for ample space, he quietly followed into the gaping hole left by the snouted duo. It was dark inside the thick hedge and his eyes took a moment to adjust. The trail was impossible to miss, so he took his time, careful to avoid detection.
Several broken branches crisscrossed the path and it took Egots a few moments to maneuver silently through the tangle. As he twisted himself over the last bough, his hand slipped out from beneath him and he tumbled down a steep bank, feet flying over his head in a reckless pinwheel of limbs.
He landed on his back with painful abruptness and heard a panicked shrieking from directly behind him. He turned and saw the baby warthog frantically trying to scramble up the embankment that he had just fallen down. Its little hooves clawed ineffectually at the steep, muddy wall as it cried in a discordant and voluminous voice.
'Ssssh,' he whispered desperately, trying to calm the scared animal. 'I won't hurt you. Please be quiet.'
The little pig ignored him and bellowed louder and more piteously. Egots froze, not knowing what to do. He knew that he needed to run, but wasn't sure which way to head. He might flee straight into the mother if he chose the wrong path. A blood-curdling bellow caused his chest to tighten with fear. The sound didn't emanate from a specific direction. It seemed to be coming from all around him, and it was getting closer.
A bush exploded just twenty paces away and the mother warthog burst into the clearing. Egots saw the distended snout, angry tusks and open snarling mouth bearing down on him. Its thick, malicious hooves chewed up soil in an avalanche of fury and focused energy. He tried to make his muscles react, but he was frozen with terror. He felt the thunder of the massive beast's charge reverberate through the ground, but could not sense his own legs. He opened his mouth to scream, but no sound came out. His lungs forgot to breath. They burned, but he couldn't make them draw in the  air. He wanted to cry, wanted to run, but sat like a rock, dumbly waiting. 
It leaped, gaping jaws open and gnashing, coming for him. Lightning crackled the air and the beast disappeared in mid leap, followed by a loud crash of wood and bone off to his left. He looked at the ruined, smoking corpse that somehow had been deflected nearly ten paces away and lay rocking as if it were trying to rise. It was ripped in half and emitting a sweet aroma. His eyes took in the sight, but didn't grasp the narrative. One moment, the terrible beast, full of rage and vengeance, charged and the next it was a broken ruin of charred flesh and torn sinew lying in the woods. It was impossible. Did the Kings protect him from the animal? He knew of stories that made those types of claims, but didn't really think that type of thing happened. Not really.
The baby pig edged up in a cautious crouch to sniff the smoldering chunk of meat that was its mother. Its anguished howl became a curious squeak. It jumped and ran into the forest as a noise from across the clearing caused it to start.
'Are you OK?' a deep voice asked.
Egots looked and saw a stranger approaching, carrying a small shimmering shaft.
'I think so, sir,' he said, trying to rise.
'Don't get up. That was a pretty close call there. You shouldn't go near those things when their babes are so little.'
'I know. I fell,' Egots answered,  a bit peevish at being told something so obvious.
'What clan do you belong to?' the stranger asked.
'The Nobens,' Egots said.
His heart had slowed somewhat and he started to bring his swirling thoughts back under control. He looked at the stranger, studying him. He looked similar to members of his own clan, but somehow different. He couldn't quite understand how. He wasn't any larger and yet he seemed as if he were. His features were average, but somehow not. And his skin possessed a shimmering quality, like a tent pulled over a fire.
'How did you do that?' Egots asked.
'My little friend here,' the stranger answered, holding the thin, shiny object aloft.
'Are you one of the Yolenes?' the boy asked.
'What would make you think that?' the stranger asked, seeming surprised.
'The Yolenes have terrible tools. They can destroy mountains. Are you one?'
The stranger seemed to consider the question. He stared at Egots for an uncomfortable minute before responding.
'Where are your mother and father?' he asked.
Suddenly Egots felt scared all over again. How long had he been gone? He looked down at his muddy clothes and thought about the lesson that he was supposed to be working on. He looked up at the stranger and found him smiling.
'What is your name?' Egots asked.
'Call me Loki,' the stranger replied.
Loki waved his hand and the air around the boy began to swirl. Incredibly, bits of dirt and mud tore free in the air and circled him like leaves caught in a mountain zephyr. Egots watched as the grime released its hold on his clothing and skin and swam around him before dissipating into the surrounding trees. It took just seconds and he was completely clean. He sat staring at his extended arm, a perplexed look on his young face.
'You run on home before you get in trouble,' Loki said.
Egots stood and mumbled his thanks. As he turned toward the woods, his rescuer said, 'I will keep your secret if you keep mine.'
Egots nodded and darted off toward his home.
He stood watching as the boy disappeared into the thick brush. When he was again alone, he dropped the mask of illusion. He threw down the broken stick he was holding and turned toward the still smoking carcass. He reached out toward the animal with his aura. The corpse began to vibrate gently, then more violently. A cloud formed as its body fragmented. Within seconds nothing but a pile of dark dust remained of the mother hog. With a wave of his hand, the breeze carried away even that reminder of the beast's existence.
It was a mistake to interfere, but his reactions had gotten the better of him. It couldn't be helped now. Even if the boy did retell the story, it would likely be dismissed as the product of an overactive imagination. However, leaving evidence around wouldn't be wise.
'He thought I was one of the Yolenes,' he muttered to himself.
It seemed that his former pupils continued to evolve. This might require some adjustments to his plans.

Chapter 9
Ariel was ecstatic. All of the studying and hard work had been worth it. While the test wasn’t exactly easy, he recognized nearly every location, and besides mixing up a few mountain names, had done quite well.
He spotted Raphael outside looking over some study notes. ‘How did it go?’
Raphael looked up, smiling. ‘Very well.’
‘Did you get a perfect?’ Ariel couldn’t help but ask, though from past experience he doubted if Raphael would admit it.
‘I passed’ was the only reply, though Ariel noticed that the grin on Raphael’s face grew as he spoke.
‘You did get a perfect! Awesome job Raphy!’
‘What? I didn’t …hey Ariel; don’t say anything to the others, OK?’
‘Why not, you should be proud of that.’
‘I am, it’s just I don’t want anyone making a big deal out of it. And what if one of them didn’t pass? Telling them my score would make them feel worse. I would just rather no one know.’
‘All right, It's forgotten. So are you going to join us on our trip?’
‘You know, I think I will this time. Is everyone else coming?’
‘I believe so. We are meeting in the main courtyard. Pharzel reserved a chariot for the ride. Can’t wait to try this place out.’
The place they were heading to was a cafe near the western gates that, according to many, made the best food in the city. The chef was renowned for creating the most incredible dishes with the simplest ingredients. If asked, Raphael would have admitted that this was his main motivation for going, as he hoped to learn some of these secrets for his own cooking.
They found the others standing around a chariot in the main courtyard, talking in excited tones.
‘Hey everyone, we’re here. How did it go?’ Ariel asked.
The group turned towards the two of them and Gadreel greeted them, ‘We all passed. May I presume that you two did as well?’
‘We sure did,’ Ariel answered and noticed an additional member to their group, a short telmid with cropped black hair. 'We haven't met. I am Ariel.’
‘Molochel’, the new arella said as he gripped Ariel’s arm. ‘Not only did we all pass, but Helel scored a perfect!’ As he said this he looked up at Helel with what appeared to be adoration on his face.
‘Wow! Congratulations, Helel,’ Ariel said.
‘Thank you. It was no big deal.’
‘No big deal?’ Molochel said. ‘It was brilliant! I haven’t heard of anyone else getting a perfect.’
Helel looked very pleased at this response and replied, ‘Well, the test was quite difficult for sure.’
For a reason he couldn’t explain, Ariel was bothered by all the praise being heaped upon Helel and without pausing, blurted out, ‘Raphael also scored a perfect.’ He immediately regretted saying this aloud. Raphael turned red in the face and looked down at his feet. Helel and Molochel both looked shocked at the revelation.
‘So, you don’t like to talk about your scores, Raphael? That humility didn’t last long, did it?’ Helel said as he turned to face his housemate.
Raphael shuffled his feet and said, ‘Er, I didn’t, um he just…’
‘Did anyone see your score?’ Molochel asked.
‘Uh, no, of course not.’ Raphael looked as if he was regretting his choice to join them after all.
Luckily, a moderator stepped in at this moment in the form of Gadreel. ‘Congratulations to everyone for passing, but we are wasting time and should get going if we plan to make it.’
The group agreed and climbed aboard the chariot, though Ariel saw that Helel and his new friend were none too pleased with him. From the expression on Raphael’s face, it was clear that he shared the sentiment. Fortunately, the driver kept up a fast pace and the wind was loud enough to hinder further discussion, so by the time the group arrived at the western gate, the tension subsided.
They left the chariot outside of a small one-story building hidden from view by the large grove of sycamores in front. Once they made their way up the path towards the cafe they could see round tables set among the trees, where groups of arella sat eating food and talking. A tall, polite angel, dressed in a long black robe with a red sash around the midsection greeted them at the door.
‘How many are in your party, sir?’ the greeting angel asked Gadreel, who stood at the head of the group.
‘Seven and a half,’ he replied, smirking at Ariel.
‘I won’t ask who the half is but will round up and give you a table for eight.’
‘Very funny,’ Ariel said to Gadreel, as the group followed him out into the garden.
He led them to a large table, surrounded by plush pallets that overlooked the area to the north of the city. Ariel chose a seat between Raphael and Gadreel, and opposite of Helel and Molochel. He was surprised how uneasy this new addition to their group made him. It may have been the awkward exchange regarding exam scores, but there seemed to be something else about him that made Ariel uncomfortable. Was it the way that Molochel seemed to never take his eyes off Helel? Or perhaps it was how he kept mentioning Helel’s good qualities? He wasn’t sure, but was glad not to have to make small talk during their celebration dinner.
An individual, unlike any Ariel had ever seen, greeted them. It stood only half as tall as the average arella, and possessed a face very different from any of them. The one large eye in the middle of its face seemed to be made up of hundreds of smaller eyes. Lacking a nose, the lower portion of its head was dominated by a narrow, slit-like mouth. It walked on short legs, but more than compensated for the lack of height with four arms at least as long as it was tall.
‘Greetings telmid,’ the strange individual said. ‘I am aAcholins, and will be serving you today.’
Although they often ran into interesting looking creatures at the celebration plateau on rest days, this was the first time any of them had seen one outside of that forum. Raphael seemed the most interested and spoke up first.
‘Sir, I don’t wish to sound rude, but am very curious to learn about you. We are first years at the academy and have not met many that appear different from us. Are you from the city originally?’
‘Oh, no sir, not from the city. In fact, the only individuals who can claim the city as their creation place are arella like you. I am not even from this galaxy. I am from the Achol Solar System, originally, though I have been living in the city for a full millennium. And don’t worry. I get the same looks and questions from most first years that come here. Let me see, you would be in your science module now right? You are in luck, your teacher is dining here at this moment.’
‘Well, not yet. We actually start that module next, but you say our trainer is here?’ Raphael asked.
‘Yes, Azazel is a regular visitor to our cafe as he lives relatively close by. I will give you a moment to make your selections and will return to deliver your orders to the chef, aAcholins said.
‘OK, what was that thing?’ It was Molochel that spoke first. ‘Do we have such a shortage of arella that we need to start recruiting from other worlds?’
‘I imagine that arella have more important things to do then serve food,’ Helel said.
‘Good point,’ Molochel responded.
Raphael’s expression changed from one of interest while talking with their server to genuine irritation after hearing his fellows’ responses. ‘Are you two telling me you are bothered by the fact that something other than an arella is serving you?’ 
Molochel looked at Helel who replied, ‘No I am not bothered. I could care less who serves me my food.’ With this, Helel’s gaze seemed to intensify. ‘And I promise you Raphael, that in the future, if I am bothered by something, you will be the first to know.’
Well, so much for the awkwardness being gone. 
‘Wow, look at all these options,’ Ariel said quickly.
Picking up on the cue, Gadreel added, ‘Does anyone know what quinoas is?’
Their tactic seemed to work, as the talk changed to the available food choices and the awkwardness subsided into the normal conversation of eight telmid recently finished with a big exam.
The meal was incredible. They ordered dishes they couldn’t pronounce and things they didn’t realize even existed. Fruits and vegetables covered in the sweetest glazes imaginable. Beans so spicy they made the mouth tingle with an ache bordering on painful. They ate until their sides ached, then spent another hour talking and laughing about all the events of the preceding weeks. The light was beginning to fade when a visitor interrupted them.
‘So I am told this is a table of first years.’ A voice spoke, halting their conversation. A tall, distinguished looking angel stood at the head of the table, dressed in a brilliant white robe, with large wings tucked along his back. ‘I am Azazel, your instructor for some of your upcoming science module.’
Helel found his voice first. Standing up he said, ‘Sir, it is an honor to meet you. I am Helel, and it is true, my companions and I will be in your class tomorrow.’
‘A fine group you appear to be.’ Azazel replied, taking the time to grip each of their forearms in greeting. ‘I do not want to intrude on your dinner, as I imagine you are all celebrating completing your geography module and being free of the monotony of that subject, but I wanted to extend an invitation to join me at my estate this evening. I never miss an opportunity to get to know my students outside of class, when it presents itself. If you have other plans, I understand, but if any would like to come by, I am at a table near the entrance for a bit longer.’ With this he gave a short bow, and walked away.
‘Who's in? This is a great opportunity,’ Helel said, looking around at the rest of the group.
The first to agree was Molochel.
Ariel looked at Gadreel to gauge his reaction.
‘I say we do it,’ Gadreel said to him, loud enough that the others heard as well.
The only two that decided to return home, due to the late hour, were Harah and Raphael. Gabriel approached Azazel and told him about their dilemma. He assured them that his private chariot could take them to his estate and return them to their residence at the conclusion of the evening. So, with their dinner completed, and the group reduced by a pair, they joined their new trainer for a ride to his home.
Situated in the foothills of the alpine mountains in the northwest of the city, the house sat surrounded by vast hillsides of grape vineyards. The immense marble palace was built on an elevated plateau that offered beautiful views of the green hills and the arid lands beyond. He directed them to a large upper-level porch where they sat on large pallets arranged in a semicircle. Azazel excused himself for a moment and returned with a large flask of purple liquid and seven crystal goblets, into which he poured them each of them a drink.
Ariel took his glass and sipped it. He expected it to taste sweet, but instead found it unusually bitter. ‘What is this drink, sir?’ he asked.
‘This is called yayin. It is the fruit of the vines that cover these hillsides. Each bottle is aged for at least seven years before being served. I believe it to be the finest in the land, though I am likely biased.’
‘Sir, seeing as it is aged so long, is this the fermented drink that we were told was not to be consumed during our academy years?’
‘Strictly speaking, Gabriel, you are correct. I think that rule is a bit archaic, however, as I find it has the power to calm our minds and bodies. I discovered it as an academy student myself and have grown quite fond of it since. But if you don't wish to partake, than by all means don’t waste it. I assure you I will not be offended.’
Gabriel didn’t respond to this, but Ariel noticed that as the evening continued, the level of the drink in his glass never changed. Ariel finished one glass and noticed his head seemed fuzzy. He grew more talkative, and he spoke up quite often as the group discussed a range of topics. He wasn’t alone in his lack of inhibition. Everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. Molochel obviously hadn't forgotten the subject of the waiter from a different galaxy and asked Azazel his opinion on the matter.
‘I have no problem with it at all. Frees up arella to do more important jobs,’ he responded.
‘That is exactly what Helel said,’ Molochel piped up, looking with admiration at his friend.
Unlike the others, Helel was much less talkative than normal. His sole contribution to the conversation was to give an apology that his companions had not deemed it important enough to join them in accepting Azazel’s hospitality. Azazel assured him that he understood, but Helel still seemed bothered by his interactions with Raphael earlier in the evening. Ariel hoped that this was temporary. He didn’t relish continued awkwardness at their house.
After a few hours of friendly discussion, and varying amounts of drink, they parted ways and traveled back home. Harah and Raphael were in bed when they returned. One by one the rest of the group followed suit until only Ariel and Gadreel remained.
‘Why do we have to study so many different subjects? I mean, I don't wish to work in the sciences. Why is it necessary for me to memorize all the minerals that exist throughout the universe?’ Gadreel asked.
‘Maybe we need to have a broader understanding of how things relate to each other,’ Ariel answered.
‘Oh. Now you sound like Gabriel,’ Gadreel said. ‘But remember what Azazel told him- that everyone accepts the fact that everything is connected, but no one ever explains how. We shouldn’t just accept that learning about lots of things makes us any more competent.’
‘I’m not saying that we just accept things, but in order to be able to make connections between different specialties, we have to at least have a general understanding of those specialties.’
‘Goodness, Ariel. You can be exhausting. I’m just saying that some of the subjects that we study don’t seem all that important to me.’
‘Perhaps the four glasses of yayin and not me are responsible for your exhaustion,’ Ariel answered with a laugh. ‘Either way, it is probably time for both of us to head off to bed. We have to be at Trainer Azazel’s class early in the morning.’
Ariel lay awake after he and Gadreel parted. The events of the evening made him uneasy. Their teacher was so dismissive of some of the rules of the academy and openly mocked some of the courses that they would be taking in the coming years. Azazel seemed to believe that much about the school was outdated. He posited these ideas in such a casual manner that it was almost as if they were commonly held opinions among the faculty. Since his head still felt fuzzy from the effects of the yayin, he assumed that it might have something to do with the discomfort.
These thoughts eventually faded away as the sleek, black body slithered up seductively, while the little yellow bird sat mesmerized, staring into those cold eyes.

Chapter 10
‘Hurry up Gadreel. We are going to be late,’ Ariel said as the two passed into the academy courtyard.
For some reason, Gadreel’s limbs seemed heavier than usual. Moving was more of an effort; as was thinking. His rest had been fitful and he had struggled to leave his pallet when the light had returned this morning. He also was annoyed with Ariel. He couldn’t decide if it was the argument that they had the night before, or if it was because his friend kept rushing him.
‘I’m right here with you, Ariel,’ he answered tersely.
‘I just don’t want to start off this module by making a bad impression on Trainer Azazel.’
‘Why do you care? You didn’t seem impressed by some of the things he said last night,’ Gadreel reminded him.
‘It just makes me uncomfortable to hear an instructor talk so casually about aspects of our education as if they are pointless,’ Ariel said.
‘Well. Did you ever think that perhaps he might know more than you? He has been around a full millennium longer than you.’
‘That is true, but what kind of instructor encourages his students to break the rules?’
‘The truly reprehensible kind,’ a deep voice answered.
They turned and noticed Azazel walking, a mere step behind them.
‘Gadreel and Ariel isn’t it?’ their new trainer said. ‘You know that it is possible that I was testing you to find out if you had the character to do what was right when the opportunity to disobey was given to you. Are you one of those students who believe that they should never be tested? Because if you are, this class is going to be a difficult one for you,’ he concluded and turned toward the classroom.
‘So much for not making a bad impression,’ Gadreel grumbled and followed Azazel.
The two took a seat near the back as the other first years found chairs and settled themselves.
Azazel stared at his students until perfect silence descended across the room. He pulled a copper bowl from a shelf and placed it on the podium. He took out a silver flask and poured a clear liquid into the bowl. Next, he pulled a small red vial from the pocket of his robe, held it over the vessel and squeezed. A thin point of light appeared and the bowl burst into a blue and orange tangle of flames.
‘What is that?’ the trainer asked, indicating the blaze. His eyes scanned the room and then fell on Ariel. ‘You,’ he said. ‘What is that?’
‘It is a fire,’ Ariel answered hesitantly.
‘Well of course it is a fire. Thank you for pointing out the obvious and wasting everyone’s time. Would anyone like to add something that resembles a thought?’
‘It is energy being released,’ offered Raphael, who looked apologetically at Ariel as he spoke.
‘Yes. Explain what you mean to Ariel,’ Azazel answered.
‘Well, you combined a flammable liquid of some sort with heat. These two things, when combined with an oxidizing agent, create a chain reaction that releases heat and light, two of the ways that energy is discharged.’
‘Excellent answer. That release of energy comes from the splitting of the bonds between the molecules. And by understanding how this process works, I can make some alterations.’
Suddenly the fire blazed up into a column of heat and light that stretched up several cubits, then collapsed into a miniscule sputtering ember that glowed, barely perceptible, just millicubits above the bowl. As the students watched, the liquid in the bowl began to float out through the air and form a thin sheet on the ceiling above, which burst into a canopy of flame.
‘Some day you will all be able to manipulate the elements that compose the world around us just like this,’ Azazel said as the fire gathered into a small sphere and descended to rest, once more, in the copper bowl on the lectern.
‘Can any of you tell me how I was able to do these things?’
‘I did some reading on the subject last night. According to the author, we, as arella, are able to manipulate all created elements that do not exert a conscious will of their own,’ said Raphael.
‘Another excellent answer. But even manipulating these elements has its limitations. We cannot influence an element to act against its nature. Energy is always going to be energy. I cannot create or destroy it, but can make it change forms. I eat a piece of fruit and my body releases the energy contained in the bonds of that fruit. My body uses energy to perform tasks and stores any excess for use later. As I burn energy, I again change the form that it takes, but its nature is still energy.’
‘So the amount of energy in the universe never deviates, it just changes form?’ Gabriel asked.
‘Exactly right. But while we do have these limitations, there is a lot of flexibility in the way that we can use the elements at our disposal. Take this water for instance.’ He picked up a pitcher of water, took a drink and poured a portion into a metallic cylinder that stretched to a sharp point. He screwed on an attachment, which contained what appeared to be a gauge and a series of buttons. Next, he grabbed a thick sheet of iron from a shelf, which he draped over the edge of the podium. After checking the gauge, he pressed a button, causing a bright white beam to extend from the point of the contraption. This he pointed at the metal, and within milliseconds, one half of the cleaved metal bar rang as it struck the floor.
‘Did you know that water could make fire?’ Azazel asked. When he didn’t get an answer, he continued, ‘Actually, fire is a bit inaccurate. But with adequate energy we can break the bonds between the hydrogen and oxygen molecules and create sufficient heat to cut this metal. So, water can be used to create a torch or put a torch out. It can also be used as a shield.’
Azazel crossed the room and switched on a machine, which begin to hum. He uncovered a thick slab of granite that he somehow caused to slide across the room without touching it. A thin shaft of orange light appeared and began etching a line in the rock. With a handle on the contraption he began working the beam back and forth across the stone, creating a random pattern. Suddenly, he grasped a pitcher of water and dumped it onto the floor, which began gathering together and rising into the air, where it flattened out into a saucer.
With a slight flick of his finger, Azazel moved the disk into the path of the shaft of light. Instantly, the etching on the stone ceased and the course of the light halted in a hiss of steam from the evaporating water.
As the liquid disappeared Azazel shut off the machine. ‘So, as you can see, water can be a useful tool; but in order to use it properly, you have to understand its nature. You must know the various rules that affect it and learn to manipulate those criterion to your advantage. That is what this class will teach you. But we are going to start much more simply. Liquids and gases are difficult to master. We are going to start with something much easier.’
With that he grabbed a bag from the shelf and began walking up and down the aisles, placing a small silver cube on every other table.
‘This is aluminum, a very lightweight metal. We are going to begin our lessons practicing the easiest skill- moving objects.’
He touched the array and some sort of chemical diagram appeared above the top of the pyramid. ‘This is the composition of this metal. If we were going to attempt to separate it or utilize its gravitational pull, we would need to understand how these bonds work, but while moving objects, we simply need to be able to hold them with our minds.’
As he said this each cube floated up into the air and began to rotate around the room over the heads of the students. They moved in an evenly spaced circular pattern under the flat ceiling of the room. This movement began slowly, but started picking up speed, until the area spun with the ferocity of a windmill in a gale.
‘I’m showing off a bit,’ Azazel said and the fan slowed. As the metallic cubes touched back down on the tables, he said, ‘Please partner with one of your classmates. Your lesson begins now.’
Gadreel and Ariel took their positions at opposite ends of the table. As instructed, they placed the piece of aluminum between them. They both focused on the cube intently, noting the size and shape and trying to touch the surface with their minds. Although the muddled feeling in his head had dissipated, Gadreel found that it was still difficult to focus on the object. He stared, without blinking, but his mind kept wandering. Looking around the room, he was relieved that most of the others seemed to be having the same difficulty.
He saw Helel and Gabriel sitting across from each other and noticed that the cube was creeping steadily toward Gabriel.
‘Nice work, Helel,’ Azazel said. ‘Now Gabriel, try to push it back.’
After a brief moment, the little cube began moving the opposite direction.
‘Excellent. Looks like I have two star pupils here. Would you care to share how you did that with the rest of the class?’
Helel and Gabriel looked at each other and with a nod, Helel answered, ‘It is quite easy. When you stop looking at the object with your eyes and begin holding it in your mind, it takes form. It feels different than it looks. You have to try to touch it, not see it. You have to own it with your mind.’
‘Perfect explanation, Helel.’
Gadreel returned his attention to the metallic cube and tried to imagine it in his hands- cool, smooth, hard. He continued to stare at it, grasping for the sensation of it.
Nothing.
He looked up at Ariel whose face reflected his own frustration. He returned his attention and almost casually pushed at it with his mind. It trembled. He tried again, but this time kept the pressure on. The cube began to move toward Ariel.
‘Great job Gadreel,’ said Ariel.
‘You have to be focused, but not forced I think,’ Gadreel replied with a smile.
Ariel tried to follow the instructions, but had no success.
‘I can’t do it,’ he muttered, frustrated.
‘You certainly won’t if you have that attitude,’ Azazel said from a few feet away. ‘Class, it is important that you refuse to succumb to defeatism like Ariel here. He says he can’t do it and so he won’t. That is what causes failure, a negative mindset. You have to know that you own that object, just like Helel said. Ariel, try again!’
Gadreel could see the concentration on Ariel’s face and felt pity that he was serving as an example of failure. A sudden thought came into his mind and he reached out for the cube, but instead of pushing, this time he pulled.
The cube edged toward him. Ariel’s face immediately reflected his obvious relief.
‘Gadreel. That is not going to help him learn. You moved it for him. Completely unacceptable.’
Azazel turned to the class, ‘I forgot to tell you. When you are manipulating objects, other arella, who have developed their senses, can see your aura invade the space of the object. They know when you manipulate things. They can, in fact, see you cheat,’ he said and turned reprovingly back to Gadreel. 'Don’t attempt to cover up for your friend’s incompetence again.'

That night Ariel lay awake for hours, trying to understand what went wrong. It hadn't been right to speak about Azazel negatively when he didn't even know him. And it was presumptuous to question a trainer who was more experienced and knowledgeable than himself. However, he couldn't help but believe that the way his teacher had responded was excessive. Was humiliation really an appropriate method of handling a first year telmid?
His silent reverie was interrupted by Gabriel's voice speaking softly on the balcony to his left.
‘Helel, I agree with you that Azazel's offer is a good opportunity.  I am just not sure that we are supposed to learn the things that he was talking about.  I mean, if it were just a bit of extra help, why wouldn’t he teach it in class?’
‘You heard him.  He said he had focused on a few of us that seemed to have exceptional talents. I mean, aren't you excited about some of the applications that he mentioned.  Learning advanced techniques couldn’t hurt, could it?’
‘Shhh. You are going to disturb the others.  And speaking of them, I don’t like the idea of keeping this from them.  If what Azazel said is true, that training outside of class with him is perfectly normal, why would he ask us to keep it quiet?’
‘He probably doesn’t want to put up with all of the complaining.  I mean can you imagine how Rigid Raphael would react, knowing we may score better than him on the practical?’
‘Knock it off Helel.  Raphael is not rigid.  He is just dedicated.’
Helel continued, seemingly ignoring this last rebuke.  ‘Harah probably wouldn’t mind, although I doubt he would come even if we asked him.  And the twins, they are too busy kicking their little balls around to care about advanced powers.  No, I think he was right to invite just a few of us.’
‘Well I am not sure I feel right about it,' Gabriel answered.
Ariel certainly didn't feel right about it.

Chapter 11
The prisoner sat stoically at the desk, hands held palms down and utterly motionless. The slight rise and fall of his broad shoulders offering the only evidence of his animate nature.
'How long has he been like that?' Barman asked.
'Since he arrived,' the young, wingless telmid answered. 'Every day he sits there, never moving, never saying anything. The only exceptions are when he has visitors, and even then he rarely moves at all.'
'Has he had many?'
He has a few regular guests, usually every other day or so. Here is the log,' he answered, handing a titrane-bound volume to Barman.
He counted a total of five names that seemed to visit at fixed intervals and times. He made some quick annotations in a tiny book.
'How long do they stay?' he asked.
'Never long. A few minutes. You can see the length of each visit right here,' the guard said, pointing.
'And what do they talk about?' Barman asked.
'We aren't sure,' the telmid answered apologetically. 'They say very little and if they do speak a field of some type appears and blocks all sound. We can't hear them or even try to read their lips. And none of his visitors has been willing to talk about their conversations. Of course, they don't have to tell us about them, but we have asked all of them several times.'
Barman considered trying to question the prisoner personally, but decided it would be pointless. He flipped through the folder on the table, examining the notes of previous interrogations. Three months of confinement and not one recorded word to show for it. He wasn't arrogant enough to believe that he would have better success.
'Is he under constant observation?' Barman asked.
'Yes. I mean we have shift changes and occasional interruptions, but he can't see us. And he knows he's being watched. He retires at the same time everyday, despite having no clock. Each day he rises and resumes the exact same position, never moving at all. He eats whatever is given to him, but beyond that he just sits there.'
'Thanks for your help,' he said, rising to leave.
It seemed incongruous that the isolation chamber was located in such close proximity to the throne room. As he passed through the courtyard that separated the Kings from one who was resolutely defying them, Barman was filled with wonder. How could this being sit day after day so near to his creators and not be crushed beneath the weight of that knowledge? The very air that filled this mountain practically hummed with their presence.
The chamber itself was warded against any noise passing the walls. The prisoner wasn't able to hear the music that filled the mount of the Kings. But surely no wall or force shielded him from that presence. Here, at the center of all life, was it possible to ignore it? How could he sit so calmly, so seemingly nonchalant? It was mystifying.
Barman took a seat by a rectangular fountain near the center of the open terrace. He closed his eyes, absorbing the pulse of energy around him. The soothing, warm, kinetic force caressed his skin. He felt its heat and vitality invade his pores and flow through him, like a cleansing hum.
The melody that came from the throne room was strangely visible to his closed eyes, telling a tale of joy and awe rendered in a panorama of color and impression. He felt his tension and worry melt away, leaving peace and clarity in its purifying wake.
He opened his eyes and it was as if he'd been scoured of all his exhaustion, stress, and doubt. His mind seemed somehow cleaner and clearer. He sat for some time just being in the complete serenity of the courtyard. He didn't know how long he sat there, but suddenly he saw a face that didn't belong. The apprehensive countenance appeared so at odds with the blissful expressions that paraded past, he assumed this had to be the one he sought. The arella looked around nervously, then turned and entered the chamber that he had just visited. According to the log book this should be Semonap, come to visit the prisoner. And if this visit held true to form, he wouldn't have long to wait to find out.
Barman was fairly certain of the visitor's identity, but completely baffled as to the reason for these short repetitive interviews. He was even less sure about what his next steps should be. He knew that all of the prisoner's visitors had been questioned, without revealing anything. They had all been asked, respectfully, about the nature of their calls, but no information had been gained. Perhaps a different approach was needed.
The door opened and those nervous eyes darted around, locking for an instant on Barman. He jumped quickly to his feet and marched deliberately towards the perturbed arella who turned and began to walk away. 
'Semonap.' Barman barked, his harsh tone cutting through the serenity.
The figure froze, but did not turn around.
'Semonap,' he repeated, louder this time.
Slowly the angel turned to face him, his shoulders seeming to deflate in the process.
'I hope that you understand how serious this situation is,' Barman continued in his most authoritative voice, never breaking stride.
The expression on Semonap's face looked stricken, as if he just realized that the building that he stood in was on fire.
'Do you know who I am?' Barman asked. The arella shook his head. 'This is your last chance. You need to realize that. Now, tell me what went on in there.'
The angel stared blankly at him for a second, seeming to wrestle with an inner conflict.
'Nothing,' he answered.
'Nothing!' Barman thundered. 'I give you a chance and you tell me, nothing.'
Semonap's face grew even more agitated, and he stammered apologetically, 'we didn't say a word.'
He put his hand under the fold of his outer robe and pulled out a sheet of linen parchment.
'I just brought this.'
Barman grabbed the sheet and examined the neat rows of glyphs. They said nothing. It was a seemingly random mess of symbols without any discernible meaning.
'Did you show this to him?' Barman asked.
'No.'
'Do you know what it means?'
'No.'
'Then why bring it?'
'I brought a sheet of blank parchment like I always do. I don't understand how he creates that or what it means. I just bring the blank sheets and place them in the same place each time,' Semonap answered.
'And why do you do this?'
The angel swallowed, visibly uncomfortable, 'he knows things about me.'
 
Ligoth Oregot was not happy. The timber that was supposed to be delivered yesterday still had not arrived. This delay was going to cost him. And if it cost him, it would certainly cost Angus.
He understood that it was becoming increasingly difficult to find the black yew trees, but that wasn't his problem. He had paid for the lumber, it was up to Angus to deliver it. He stood on a small hill overlooking his latest development. This section of third tower block was a bit of a gamble, even for him.
In order to secure the rights to this land and finance the construction, he leveraged his entire business. These would be the finest homes outside of the central ring and he believed that they would sell, but he was running out of time. He had until solstice end to make a payment on the loan that he had convinced Eltoth to give him, but if he didn't get the timber today he wasn't sure how he would meet the deadline. He saw his son approaching with his usual serious expression.
'Did you speak to Angus?' he called out as his only heir struggled up the hill toward him.
'You aren't going to be pleased,' the boy answered.
'I'm already not pleased.'
'What did he say?'
'He can't deliver the timber. He was sanctioned by the representatives for felling trees on Cherlot land. He says he can't get the black yew. They have restricted his access to other woods.'
'What use do the Cherlot have for black yew? They certainly don't need any to build their stinking tents. By the Kings, what kind of idiots are we dealing with? Aren't arella supposed to be intelligent,' he fumed, spitting out the words.
'Apparently the representatives told him they have gotten complaints about land encroachment from the Cherlots and Umgey. He was told that they are considering placing a cap on development if we continue to disregard boundary restrictions.'
'Cursed fools. We need to stand up to the oppressive blowhards. We merely take what our neighbors fail to use. We haven't stolen their berry bushes. What use do they have for timber?'
Ligoth stamped his foot and began mumbling inarticulately under his breath. This would ruin him. He was so close. He had worked so hard. This was the project that would propel him to the upper council, but it was slipping away.
Eltoth would not be willing to grant him an extension. The old lender was infamous for his lack of flexibility. He would be left with nothing but shame, forced to start over. It was inconceivable.
'Go find out what else he has available. And make an appointment with Eltoth for me. Maybe he can do something about those idiotic representatives. They have to be costing him as well.'
The boy hurried off to do as instructed and Ligoth sat on a log surveying the rows of stone foundations, arranged along the perimeter of the central square. He could see the beautiful little community complete, in his mind. He wondered aloud if he would ever see it finished.
'I think I can help,' a deep voice announced from behind.
Ligoth jumped up and tripped over his own feet as he tried to turn and face his interrupter. He fell painfully to his knees, catching himself with his hands. He raised his head and stared into the face of a legend.

Chapter 12
‘I’m not sure why you were eavesdropping on them. What is it with Helel? You can't mention his name without imagining some scheme that he is involved in,' Gadreel said irritably after Ariel told him about the conversation.
'I wasn’t spying. They were just talking outside,' Ariel replied defensively.
'And why would we do anything else to antagonize Trainer Azazel? He already has it out for both of us because of what you said. Now you want to go poking around his house and get us in more trouble. No, thanks!'
They finished the walk to class in silence. Gadreel was sorry about the way he was treating his friend, but was beginning to wonder why Ariel seemed so intent on making Helel out to be some sort of villain. Their housemate had an edge, but he hadn't done anything to either of them.
Today was their initial opportunity to use their new skills for protection. They would take turns rescuing each other from controlled, yet potentially dangerous situations. These scenarios would  prepare them for predicaments that they might face in trying to protect beings on other worlds. The first challenge that Trainer Azazel gave them seemed straightforward.
‘OK, one of you take a seat in the chairs set near your workstation.’
Azazel stood at the front of class next to a stack of large blocks of feldspar. Each block measured about four cubits long by two wide. Gadreel took his position in the nearest chair.
‘These blocks are quite heavy, so I would suggest that you waste no time in moving them from your partners' laps.’ With a wave of his hand, Azazel sent the large objects flying through the air towards the various seats, landing on the lap of each seated partner.
‘Wow, this thing is heavy!’ Gadreel exclaimed from behind the immense stone that hid half of his face. ‘Would you mind helping me out Ariel?’
Around the room similar complaints could be heard from other partners. He looked at the rock. It lay lengthwise on Gadreel's lap and protruded out on either side, balanced and trapping him tightly under its weight. It was a subtle blend of pink and silver hues, textured with consistent striations across its width. He tried to touch the grain with his mind, reaching for it confidently. There was nothing.
'Seriously, Ariel. This thing is heavy,' Gadreel complained with a hint of nervousness.
Ariel scanned the room and saw that some others were struggling as well. He looked over at Gabriel, who rested comfortably, looking amused as his block hovered inches above his lap. At that moment, the block floated up and back until it sat mere millicubits above Gabriel's head. It began to spin and was soon whirring in a perfectly balanced axis, like a chariot wheel at full gallop.
Azazel clapped his hands. ‘Well done Helel. You rescued Gabriel and did so with flair.'
Helel smiled with satisfaction and maneuvered his block back to its original position.
'Over here Ariel. I'm still trapped,' Gadreel interjected.
Ariel refocused on his task and reached, once more, for the block. This time he felt it quickly and gave it a small nudge to test its resistance. As it pressed into his chest, Gadreel made a raspy noise in his throat and Ariel stopped pushing. He focused on moving the weight up, but it didn't move. He could feel it tremble like it wanted to break free of gravity, but it refused to budge more than a few microns. Deciding to change tactics he attempted to pull the block toward him. Again, nothing.
He looked at Gadreel, suddenly frightened. His friend had quit looking at him and seemed to be focused on Azazel. He again sought the object with his mind and pressed upward with all his might. It wouldn't move. He explored mentally along the surface of the block. It seemed as if both of the top edges of the rectangular weight were clamped in place. He pushed up hard in the center and sensed the strain within the rock, a fissure forming just below Gadreel's tense chin. He focused on that spot and pressed outward with all his force.
With a loud crack, the block split in two, with each square remnant shooting off in opposite directions away from Gadreel. Ariel recovered enough to stop the one that was hurtling toward Gabriel before it struck his housemate, but the other smashed into Azazel's podium, demolishing it.
‘Are you trying to kill someone, Ariel!’ Azazel yelled. 'Not only were you too weak to move the block as directed, but you endangered your classmates attempting some cheap trick.'
'Sir. Didn't you say that it takes more power and control to change objects than it does to move them?' asked Gadreel.
'Feldspar is a brittle rock that doesn't require much effort to fracture. And regardless, the assignment was to move the block, not break it. Why do you find it so difficult to follow instruction Ariel? And Gadreel, I have already warned you about interfering when it comes to your partner's incompetence,' Azazel said and shot both a withering look.
‘Sorry sir. I will do a better job next time.’
Gadreel stood up beside him, rubbing his legs. ‘You did a better job than you know,’ he whispered after Azazel had walked away.
Gadreel easily moved the block the moment it landed on Ariel's lap. Azazel offered his congratulations, but Gadreel didn't seem to take any notice.
Their next task seemed a bit more challenging, and for this exercise they walked as a group into an adjoining classroom. In the middle of the room were many small circles, surrounded by what looked to be piles of mineral chips. Along one wall, blocks of ice had been placed in a row, and next to each of these was a bowl of fire.
‘This next task requires that you use your skills, tempered by your minds. As before, I want a partner in each circle, with the rescuer standing in front of them.’
Once again, Gadreel went first into the circle and Ariel took his place outside. Suddenly Azazel clapped his hands, and to each side of them a thin opaque veil of darkness fell, blocking off his view of the others in the room. All Ariel could see was Gadreel in front of him and the ice block and fire bowl behind.
‘Begin,’ Azazel proclaimed from somewhere to his left. At that instant the chips surrounding Gadreel burst into flame, forming a tall circular pillar of fire around his friend.
‘Uh, Ariel, I seem to be surrounded by fire. Would you mind helping me out? It’s actually getting quite warm in here.’
He looked around. What was he supposed to do with ice and fire? After a moment of contemplation he waved his hand at the flame within the bowl, motioning it towards the ice. The hot mass streamed through the air and hit the frozen block. The problem was that there was insufficient heat to cause significant melting, so the result was an insignificant puddle. He tried to use this water to put out the pillar of fire, but only succeeded in opening a small gap in the front.
‘Anytime. It’s not getting any cooler in here.’ Gadreel sounded a bit more serious this time.
‘My fire went out, and I didn’t melt enough of the ice block.’
‘Then come up with something else, and do it fast.’
What should he do? He could fling the frozen cube at the pillar, though this would not accomplish anything except to knock his friend out. Or, he perhaps move the fiery pillar. Looking at the chips at the base of the fire, he visualized them flying through the air, and in an instant they were flying past him, trailing sparks, until they landed in a pile on top of the mass of ice. There they flickered for a few moments then went dark. He turned to face Gadreel, who now stood in the empty circle smiling.
‘I knew you could do it!’
Azazel appeared behind him. ‘You fail the exercise.’
Ariel thought he had misheard. ‘Excuse me? Did I hear you say I failed?’
‘That is correct. Your task was to use the flame to melt enough ice to extinguish the pillar.’
‘Sir, you never told us that. It seems to me our task was to rescue our partner, which I did!’ Ariel said with growing irritation.
‘Do not raise your voice at me! Switch positions, and Ariel, I will see you after class.’
Gadreel was waiting for him outside of the building when Ariel exited the meeting with Azazel.
‘What happened? What did he say?’
‘Gave me an extra assignment. Said I had better watch my tongue in the future. He told me that my negative attitude is hindering my performance and makes me one of the poorer telmid in class.'
'Well, I'm going to tell you something that may make it worse,' Gadreel said hesitantly. 'While you were trying to move the rock off of me, I saw a strange sight.' He paused before continuing. 'I looked over at Azazel and I think I recognized his aura.'
'Already. Gadreel, that is amazing. I don't know any other first years that have even started developing their sense. What did it look like?'
'I wasn't convinced I should say anything because I'm not certain that is what I saw. It resembled some sort of purple smoke, but very faint. Anyway, the reason I am telling you this is because that purplish fog stretched from Azazel to the feldspar, almost as if he had two wispy arms pressed down on either side of the block.'
'That's why it wouldn't move. The rock seemed bound on both ends, so I pushed in the center. It seemed like the only option.'
'Well if Azazel was fighting you, I think it says something about your abilities that you were able to overcome his attempts to stop you.'
Ariel thought about this for a moment and was pleased at the compliment. The satisfaction quickly turned to anger and confusion.
'How am I supposed to pass this class if my teacher is trying to prevent me from getting through?' he asked with genuine concern.
'We'll figure it out,' Gadreel answered. 'This is a bizarre situation.'
They walked silently for several minutes, each lost in their own thoughts. As they neared the edge of campus, Gadreel halted, frozen in his tracks. Ariel stopped and faced his friend.
'Gadreel, are you all right?'
'I just thought of something. If we are correct about Azazel, it might not be wise for our friends to be receiving special training from him.' He bit his lip thoughtfully for a moment and then said, 'I know what we are going to do.'

Chapter 13
‘Gadreel, are you sure about this?’ Ariel asked as they crept out onto the platform overlooking the large gymnasium.
Gadreel motioned for Ariel to be quiet as they walked along the exposed path leading to the scoring booth. They continued on above the heads of a small group of spectators. Once inside the small structure, they relaxed slightly. From this vantage they watched the combatants practice without any real danger of being seen. The shadows of the unlit box provided the perfect cover for clandestine observation. The two friends took seats at the scorers’ table.
Helel and Gabriel sparred in a corner of the gymnasium, with Pharzel working out nearby. Pharzel was practicing with the short telmid that they had seen get taken down by a neglected rucksack several weeks prior. It soon became apparent that the bag had been a bigger challenge. Every frantic attack that their housemate attempted resulted in a red or yellow scoring blow for his diminutive opponent.
Helel and Gabriel were much more evenly matched. Their skill was obvious to even the untrained observer. Long, ferocious sequences fell between sporadic scoring blows, which appeared to fall equally for each opponent. Soon they had attracted more than a few observers, some of who cheered after particularly intense exchanges.
‘So this is your plan Gadreel? Sitting up here for hours?’
‘Patience. Helel said something about tonight and he made it apparent that he didn't wish to be overheard. If they are heading to Azazel’s, we are not going to miss them. They will have ordered a chariot if they are going there. We just have to watch and wait.’
‘I hope you are right. We will feel pretty silly if we end up spending the whole evening spying on Azazel as he sips yayin.’ 
Given how little they knew about the meetings, they had to take a chance. They didn't have a schedule, format, or even a definitive location. But they were determined to find out what was going on. Since he had seen Azazel attempting to sabotage Ariel in class, Gadreel thought of nothing else. What would cause a trainer to do that to one of their students? And the fact that their own housemates excluded them from this made it all the worse? It gave him a strange sensation to know that the friends they lived with were withholding useful knowledge from them.
Below, Helel and Gabriel began removing their protective gear and packing up their equipment. After several minutes, Pharzel did the same.
'This is it,' Gadreel said and leapt up.
The two retraced their steps back down the walkway to the corridor that ran around the wall at the top of the auditorium and offered access to the numerous balconies that rimmed the exterior of the structure, providing great views of the campus below. As they exited the narrow bridge, a loud voice caused them to stop short.
'You two. What are you doing up here?'
They turned in unison and watched as a lean angel approached them with a quick stride.
'Observing practice,' Ariel answered. 'We were curious about the sport and interested in seeing some live sparring.'
'There are thousands of seats below. Why are you creeping around up here? This area is off limits.'
'We didn't realize,' said Gadreel truthfully. 'We just thought there would be a better view up here.'
'Are you interested in competing?' the angel asked, tone changing suddenly.
'We’re considering it, sir. We’re sorry if we trespassed where we shouldn't.'
'And you are Ariel and Gadreel. I am Dartinel and I help manage the rapinere program at the academy. I would be happy to show you the rest of the facilities and introduce you to some of the participants.'
'Sir, that is kind, but we are late for an appointment. We would love to get a tour some other time, however,' Gadreel answered and grabbing Ariel's arm, began walking toward the balcony that they had marked out earlier.
'I hope we didn't miss them,' Ariel said.
As the two scanned the courtyard far below, it did appear that they had missed their opportunity. Although the open area was full of telmid and angels congregating in small groups, their housemates were nowhere to be seen. Just as he started to suggest they give up, Gadreel spotted them boarding a chariot near the main entrance of the library. He let out a long whistle and within seconds their chariot was hovering next to them. 
They hopped in and headed off to the south. If their housemates were heading toward a secret meeting, they would most likely travel directly towards the western gates, then straight north to Azazel’s estate. Gadreel flew them further south and did not make the turn until they reached the wall. His plan was to approach the estate from the mountainous side. That should provide the safest route without being seen.
It took them just over an hour to cover the distance. They traveled just above the tree line as they approached Azazel's property and found a small clearing by a stream to land in. 
The tall trees grew so thick on the foothills that only small glimpses of the sky above peaked through. Ariel, who had an exceptional sense of direction, led the way. 
‘Once we reach the top of the hill, we should be close,’ Ariel whispered. 
The only sound, besides the muffled rhythm of their footsteps, was the wind through the treetops. They reached the top of their climb, but found that the trees limited visibility to just a few cubits in any direction. They navigated a flat section on top of the hill, and then began to descend the other side.
‘There! Over by those hedges. That is the border of Azazel’s yard.’
They slipped up to the edge of the tall bushes. 
‘I can’t see through this thing. Let’s go down it until we find a gap,’ Gadreel said and led the way. They crept along examining the fortress of dense foliage, probing carefully every few feet. After traveling several cubits down the hedge without success, they spotted a small opening, along the ground. Ariel dropped on all fours and began crawling into the bush. It was just high enough to allow him to crawl through with minimal scratching. He crawled inside until entombed in the shrub, when a wall of green confronted him. He pushed gently on this obstacle and smiled as it gave way.
'I think this goes all the way through,' he whispered back over his shoulder.
He detected a grunting noise that sounded like it was coming from the other side of the bush. He paused and held his breath, straining to hear. Nothing. He raised his hand and began pushing on the fir bough. He stopped, listening intently. He heard the sound again, but found it difficult to isolate the direction, or its authenticity. Perhaps it was his imagination. He pressed forward and pushed the overhanging branches out of the way.
Gadreel was just bending to follow Ariel into the hedge when his friend jumped out of the small passageway, knocking Gadreel backward.
'A dragon,' Ariel hissed and raced away, down the path they had followed. 
Gadreel cautiously approached the tunnel that Ariel had just exited. He listened for a second before bending. He looked into the darkness of the passage, allowing his eyes to adjust to the dim interior. He noticed a slight movement ahead, but couldn't make it out. Suddenly, a large scaly head pressed through the thicket and a forked tongue shot out of the toothless mouth.
He caught up with Ariel, sitting at the base of a tree. 'I met your friend, the dragon,' he said with a halfhearted chuckle.
'Where did that thing come from?'
'It is probably Azazel's pair bond.'
'Seems appropriate to me,' Ariel replied. 'Do you think he will give us away? I mean, how smart are those things?' 
'Not sure. But I don't know if we will get another chance at this, so I guess we will have to risk it.'
'Fine. But how do you suggest we get a view of what is going on in there?'
Gadreel thought for a second before pointing above them. 'Want to climb a tree?'
Gadreel climbed first, finding a fat branch several cubits above the level of the hedge that offered a view of most of the yard and onto the back patio. Ariel followed and found a branch just below his friend's.
‘Shhh. You are making too much noise.’ Gadreel whispered. ‘There they are.’ He motioned towards the porch as a group of arella filed out of the house. Azazel led the way, followed by Helel, Gabriel, Pharzel, Molochel and three others.
'Who are they?' Ariel asked.
'Baal, Marduk, and Ornias,' Gadreel answered.
'When did you meet them?'
'I didn't. It's just getting easier to see auras.'
They spent a few minutes standing in a group around Azazel, though the pair could not overhear their conversation. Before long the group descended the stairs leading off of the back porch and spread out in a large circle. Azazel handed Gabriel a softly glowing disk that he extended out in front of him. Gabriel walked into the circle and stood solidly. Helel walked to the opposite side facing his friend, a slight smirk appearing on his handsome face. Suddenly, Helel clapped his hands together once and a bright bolt of lightning split the circle between the two. The blast cracked like a loud whip as it struck the shield Gabriel held. The force of the blow sent Gabriel reeling, knocking him violently onto the ground. 
‘Did you see that?’ Ariel looked shocked at what he had just seen. ‘How did he do that?’
‘I don’t know, but it looks powerful. Why would they be learning things like this outside of class? What are they training for?’ Gadreel had more questions in his mind, but now at least one of his had been answered. This was no social event at their instructor's estate. These were skills more advanced than anything they learned at the academy.
Another cracking sound and bolt of energy shot out from Helel’s hands, this time pulverizing a large boulder that Azazel had placed on the lawn. Ariel edged out further on the branch, trying to get a better view. He peered intently at his housemate, trying to understand what elements created that maelstrom. He thought he sensed some type of hydrogen-based reaction, but didn't comprehend how the molecular bonds were being manipulated. A loud crack sounded, but this one came from underneath him, and the branch gave way. 
Gadreel heard the sound of the branch breaking and reacted instantly. His hand shot out, fingers closing around the fabric of Ariel's collar as the branch cracked. The full weight of his friend hit his clenched fist. For a moment, his arm threatened to give way under the pressure, but he recovered and pulled. Ariel managed to grab a branch and their combined efforts allowed him to ascend.
The disturbance did not go unnoticed by the group in the yard. They all began looking around, trying to pinpoint the noise. Gadreel and Ariel stayed still, hoping the thickness of the vegetation and the increasing darkness would conceal them. 
'Quiet everyone,' Azazel commanded.
They watched as Helel walked up and said something to Azazel. The pair reacted instantly to the distraction and began climbing franticly. They ignored the scratches and scrapes that the increasing density of the canopy caused. As several voices approached the hedge near the tree, they again froze in place, peering below them. 
The group on the ground disappeared beneath the thick covering of leaves, but the sound of Molochel and Gabriel arguing was audible.
'It must have been an echo,' Gabriel said.
'Someone or something is out there,' Molochel argued.
Suddenly an explosion of air shot up from the ground below. The limbs that they clung to moved violently at the onslaught. Gadreel almost lost his hold at the suddenness of the gale, but recovered himself. Leaves tore free of the branches in the whirlwind that surrounded them. The two clung to their perches as the onslaught began stripping away their covering. 
Gadreel began to focus on the leaves around him, trying to hold them in place with his mind. Ariel seemed to sense what he was doing and did the same. Gadreel discovered that it was fairly easy. Once he had the image locked in his mind, it required little effort to maintain. Their protective covering held.
As suddenly as it started, the gale receded. Azazel castigated Molochel for trying to destroy his tree, but they did not relax until the group resumed practice.
The sound training went on for at least an hour. Gadreel and Ariel perched on their elevated roosts unable to clearly hear or see the activity. For some time after the noise of the group had disappeared, they sat in the darkness, afraid to descend into a trap.
 
Eventually they agreed to risk the descent. They climbed down slowly, careful not to disturb the quiet environs. Instead of backtracking the way they had come, they entered the woods and put as much space between them and the estate as possible. After several minutes of walking, Ariel broke the silence.
‘What do we do now? Should we approach them about it or ask one of our trainers?’
‘I don’t believe there is a rule against outside training, so I'm not even sure what we would say about it. They may be bothered more by the fact that we were spying on one of the other trainer's houses than about one of their own helping students outside of class. As far as approaching the others, I definitely think we keep quiet about this for now' 
They had no problem finding their chariot and before long were speeding to the south on their way home. It was late and Ariel realized he still had an assignment to complete, but couldn’t get the sight of those energy bolts out of his mind. So far in their training, they had learned things that he imagined being helpful for the protection of others. Being able to manipulate the elements would serve them well in their future careers, but he saw no possible use for the skills being practiced at Azazel’s estate. He recalled the times that Helel had confronted him. He had never once felt threatened. What if that agitation was backed up by the power he had seen this evening? How could anyone guard against such an attack if it ever came?

Chapter 14
Nuriel’s Fractal stood at the heart of the academy campus, its position and size indicative of the importance of the work done at the facility. Inside this spectacular structure, researchers wrestled with the language of the Kings, mathematics. The monolithic edifice was a functioning example of the quest to decipher its intricacies. The slowly rotating stack of ellipses was the physical manifestation of a logarithmic formula developed by an ancient mathematician named Nuriel. His famous solution resulted from his work attempting an explanation of the presence of fractal geometry in the shell of mollusks. The building was a massive model of the infinitesimally minute layering of calcium that served as home to the King Snail, one of the little ironies that its inhabitants found so endearing about the place.
During construction of the enormous fractal, its namesake perpetually patrolled the site, causing numerous delays. A story from that period claimed that Nuriel personally tore down three stories of the incomplete research center because the rotation was off by a few nanometers. He told the project manager that any variations from the formula, no matter how minute, made the structure a farce and a degradation of the perfection of fractals. 
The inscription above the massive curving entry read ‘slow the course-bright the path.’ This was rumored by students to be a subtle joke on the trail left by snails, but Barman believed it to be a critique of the well publicized delays that had plagued its creation.
Penemue’s office was located on the ground floor, appropriate given how important his work had been to the development of this department. His old friend was considered by many to be the foremost scholar in several branches of mathematics. His research in the area of harmonics helped quantify the way that music worked to alter physical states. His book, ‘Harmonic Healing,’ was still used by the health sciences school nearly a millennium after its publication. But it was his expertise in encryption that Barman was hoping to use.
‘Oh, Barman, good,’ Penemue exclaimed as he walked through the door. The frantic looking angel guided him to a wooden chair, depositing with a soft shove. ‘Look up there and let your vision relax.’
Barman’s eyes moved to the swirling mass of images that swirled just beyond his friend's outstretched finger. At first he could detect nothing but streaks of colored lights moving in a haphazard motion.
‘What am I supposed to be seeing?’ He began.
‘Shh. Just relax. Don’t look at anything. Just try to take in the whole field at once. If you focus on any one thing, you won’t see it. Oh, I should write poetry,’ his friend muttered, chuckling to himself.
Barman tried to do as directed. He stared at the roiling mass of colors, observing the whole mass, but kept picking out particular streaks, involuntarily following their arc until he lost them in the tangle. He closed his eyes and opened them again, conscious to avoid being drawn to the movement. But there was still nothing there.
‘Anything now?’ Penemue asked.
‘Nothing,’ Barman answered, attempting to keep the irritation from reaching his voice.
‘Try this,’ he said, rubbing something dark on the end of Barman’s nose.
‘What did you put on me?’ he asked, bunching his lips and trying to extend his nose to see. Then he saw it. Just beyond the black smear at its tip he could clearly see the image of a black swan flying gracefully before the backdrop of an immense waterfall. The sun glinted on the regal bird’s ebony wings and offered a startling contrast with the ebbing blues and whites of the crashing water.
‘It’s a black swan,’ he said, amazed that he hadn’t seen any of this.
A light lit up the room and the image disappeared. Penemue took some antiseptic smelling towelette and rubbed it across his face, causing him to sputter and swat his friend’s arm.
‘Welcome Barman. It has been a while. Can I get you something to drink?’ he muttered sarcastically.
‘Don’t be such a baby, Barman. I am trying to help you.’
‘And how are you doing that?’ he asked.
‘By showing what we need to decipher the message,’ Penemue answered.
Barman thought back to his request to see his friend. He had made no mention of the letter and certainly hadn’t indicated that he needed help decoding it.
‘My job is to weigh probabilities. Your word choice, time frame, and vagueness led me to deduce that you have some sort of communique that needs to be deciphered as part of your work.’
‘I asked for an appointment at your earliest convenience,’ Barman replied.
‘Exactly. So I was right,’ he said and nodded before continuing. ‘The image of the swan was visually encrypted. I ran it through a filter that disrupts the visual spectrum. By refocusing your attention you were able to see it.’
‘I have absolutely no idea what you did or how that relates to my letter,’ Barman said, retrieving the prisoner’s correspondence from his satchel.
‘With codes, the message is right there. The secret is discovering the key that reveals it. The key for my little demonstration was the angle of the eyes. With encryption the solution usually depends on two separate keys, one private and one public. Both are needed to decode what is hidden. Often decryption involves mathematics, but not always.’ Penemue picked up the letter and studied it intently. Barman related the story of its origin as he did.
‘So he wasn’t able to touch the parchment at all?’
Barman shook his head, relating the guard’s story about the meetings.
‘Well, the good news is that the cipher can’t be that complicated. The bad news is it's very well constructed. He avoids much repetition, so finding patterns will be difficult. I’m going to need as much information as I can get on this prisoner in order to have a chance of figuring this out.’
Barman dropped a thick folder on the desk and turned to leave.
‘We are running out of time on this. You know how to reach me when you have something,’ Barman said as he strode into the hallway.
The opening of the door caused Ligoth to start. He didn't realize that he'd dozed, but the lack of rest was catching up with him. The numbing exhaustion of his mind and body was worth what it gained him, however. Everything was falling into place just as he had planned and he understood who he owed his new found success to.
He turned and looked into the face that had saved him, a familiar image he'd seen depicted in books and painting since he was a small child. He knew the name that went with that face, but pushed it away, as he’d been told.
‘You are never to say or even think that name again. It does not exist. It is the name of a slave and I am a free arella and my name is Loki. If you feel any allegiance towards me, you will obey my words.’
Ligoth did his best to obey, but it could be difficult to overcome a lifetime of training. Although for one who had given his people the keys to civilization and personally saved him from financial ruin, he would do anything.
‘Master, Loki. You startled me. I am just looking over my notes from the meeting,’ he said.
‘It looked to me like you were asleep. You have been pushing yourself too hard. Let me help,’ Loki said, reaching out a hand and touching his forehead.
The cool touch of the arella’s fingers on his head offered a startling contrast with the rush of heat coming from the point of contact. It was like a flame flared inside of him, burning away all of his weariness. Ligoth shivered and sat up straighter, amazed at how quickly his exhaustion disappeared. It was as if he had just risen from a deep, restful slumber. His mind was sharp and clear and his body seemed ready for a full day of labor.
‘There you go. You look much better. So tell me about the meeting. Did the high council agree with your proposition?’
Ligoth looked away reflexively, shame washing over his face. He had presented the idea just as Loki had suggested, but Eltoth and several others objected very strongly. They shared his frustration with Romel and Hageth, their local representatives, but believed they could still work with the pair and would not file a formal complaint against them.
He began to explain, but Loki waved his hand. He already knew and Ligoth could tell that he wasn’t surprised. In fact, he seemed quite pleased at the news.
‘You did well,’ he said. ‘I had to make certain of that. You handled it perfectly.’
Ligoth felt relief, confusion, and pride in quick secession. He did not enjoy feeling uninformed, but who was he to question. Loki looked at him, seeming to weigh him. He was strangely uncomfortable under the deliberate stare, like some kind of specimen undergoing analysis.
‘Can I trust you completely?’ Loki asked.
‘Of course, master. I owe everything to you,’ he answered.
‘I have no confidence in your representatives. They have shown themselves to be shortsighted. I don’t think that they understand the needs of this world and its inhabitants. However, I can help you handle them. I have a plan to do so. It is better, for our purposes, to deal with known inconvenience rather than unknown impediment. I needed to gauge your council’s reaction to your proposal. Trust me, Ligoth, soon the pieces will be in place to make your representatives less antagonistic to you and your brothers.’
Ligoth nodded his ascent and approval, and began to speak, but a loud knock on the door interrupted. His son's head peeked inside, excited eyes staring at his father.
‘Hageth and Romel are here. The representatives want to see you,’ he said.

Chapter 15
The upper floors of the academy library were an intricate maze of rooms. Ecrits, the fifth year that escorted them, attempted to explain the layout.
'Each floor is dedicated to the subjects that you will study during a particular year of your classes. Here on the first upper level all of the necessary background materials useful for first years are housed. Second year class resources are on the floor above. Third above that, and so on.'
'What if we are trying to find something that is not available here?' asked Ariel.
'We have a couple of scholars, I guess,' their guide said. 'You are not limited to this floor. The subjects are just arranged this way for convenience sake, but you are welcome to explore any of the upper levels as well. You can search by subject via the array and it will indicate the location.' He walked to the array, typed in a term and pointed to the alphabetized list. 'This first number indicates the floor, these initials label the different rooms, and the series of numbers and letters point to specific locations within the room itself. Or save yourself the trip and view an image of the item right here.' He tapped an entry and a long article about cellular cohesion appeared above the array.
'So everything in the library is accessible right here?' Gadreel asked.
'Almost. We are continually adding to the collection and sometimes there is a lag between an addition being acquired from somewhere in the universe and its entry into the system.' He ran his finger down the list of entries and found one that was yellow, instead of white. 'Here is one. This is a study just brought in from one of the more remote systems and has yet to be replicated. But you will notice a location is still given, so you would go up two levels to read the article itself.'
'And what do the red entries mean?' Gadreel asked.
'Those require a higher level of access. They are either confidential records or contain information not open to general inquiry.'
'But why would they be hidden?'
'Most likely they involve some sort of criminal activity. Since those who transgressed have either paid for their crimes or been pardoned, any record open to the public would act as a continuing punishment. Another possibility is that the record details some discovery or technology that might be dangerous in the wrong hands.'
After Ecrits left, the two pulled chairs up to the array and began entering search terms-energy bolts, secret meetings, directing lightning, offensive powers, destructive force all yielded no results.
'Try arellian rebellion,' Gadreel suggested.
A list of red entries appeared in the viewing field.
'That is interesting. Look at this cross reference- dark energy. Try that one.'
Again a catalog of restricted references populated the results.
'What made you think of that term?' Ariel asked.
'I'm not sure. It just popped into my head, but why is this information blocked. What are they hiding?'
'He told us why it is restricted,' Ariel answered.
'And that satisfies you? I don't understand why someone who breaks the law deserves to have their past hidden. And why are we expected to accept the fact that certain things are too dangerous for us. I mean, whose to say what is and what isn't available. We can't be sure of what is even contained in those records.'
'What we can be sure of is that Azazel has it in for me and I've got to find a way out of this mess or I won't be graduating with the rest of you. And if we don't get moving we will be late for his class.'
As they prepared to leave, Gadreel said, 'I've seen him sabotage you on at least four different occasions now, Ariel. Let's just confront him and reason this out.'
'I'm not sure reason is going to work with Azazel. Plus, I'd rather not get you any more involved. He doesn't have it in for you, but if you stand up to him, we will both be in the same position. I believe the Kings are going to help me with this.'
'So, you will petition the Kings?' Gadreel asked.
'I'm considering it.'
Although the issues with Azazel were upsetting, the rest of Ariel's first year work was going smoothly. All of his testing had gone well and he was becoming one of the best students academically. He had a quick mind and was able to master the subject matter assigned, including the coursework in Elemental Science. His sole area of concern was the practical application component. He excelled during practice sessions and was proficient in his ability to control the elements in their daily exercises outside of the classroom. In class, however, he seemed to hit one obstacle after another. Fortunately, Gadreel was getting better by the day at recognizing Azazel's interference in his situational assignments.
Despite the frustration of his trainer's hindrance, he could see that having to find ways to accomplish tasks while someone tried to stop him was making him stronger. Several times he had managed to find different solutions to problems that circumvented Azazel's attempts to stop him. Though these successes always met some sort of public rebuke from Azazel, he took some pride in his developing ingenuity dealing with the impediments. And the look on his trainer's face when he was able to find alternate solutions was incredibly satisfying.
He developed a strategy for approaching upcoming assignments. He would examine the material being covered and try to guess how they would be challenged, then he would attempt to find three alternate ways to accomplish an outcome. He discovered that having the ability to examine the problem from several perspectives not only gave him the ability to surprise his teacher, it helped his understanding of the elements academically, and made him a better student. However, the knowledge that Azazel had the ultimate control over his ability to pass the class filled him with a great deal of anxiety.
Today's assignment was concerned with the ability to alter materials with their auras, by utilizing their knowledge of the element and their understanding of the laws governing it. Azazel informed the class he would be breaking them up into pairs. They would take turns attempting to cut a piece of quartz into a specific shape, while their partner attempted to prevent them.
'This is different,' Gadreel whispered.
Azazel announced the pairings and Ariel was dismayed, though not surprised, when paired with Helel, who along with Gabriel, were the most talented members of the class.
He felt uncomfortable working with Helel. Although they had managed to be civil since the confrontation, they had a strained relationship and attempted, successfully, to avoid being alone together. As they took their seats behind the partition separating them from the other groups, he caught Helel's eye and smiled. His attempt at a friendly greeting met an icy glare.
'This should be fun,' he thought to himself and grinned.
Azazel rotated between the pairs to observe the exercise. As they awaited their turn, each familiarized themselves with both pieces of quartz. It was immediately apparent to Ariel that Azazel had orchestrated this exercise thoroughly. The two rocks, though similar in appearance, were radically different in terms of composition and grain. Ariel could sense that even without Helel's defense, his target would be difficult to manipulate the way he was supposed to. On the contrary, the quartz he was to defend might collapse into the required shape if subjected to a slight breeze.
He reminded himself that he had been able to find solutions to difficult problems before and focused on the task at hand.
Azazel strode up behind Helel and grasped his shoulders affectionately, telling them Ariel would defend his quartz first.
Immediately he sensed Helel move against the quartz, probing its structure. Ariel had been expecting this and quickly countered, drawing energy from his own body heat to strengthen the bonds in the rock. He shivered slightly as his body helped fuel the defense.
It was some satisfaction when Helel's forehead crinkled in surprise. It didn't last long as Helel changed tactics. Ariel's invisible battles with Azazel had served him well. He was able to fend off one attack after another, sometimes dealing with several ploys at a time. He distantly heard Azazel clear his throat, but focused intently on his task.
An icy sleeve gripped both arms and climbed toward his shoulders. At first he was confused and then realized Helel was drawing energy from Ariel's own body. He started to protest this tactic, but was suddenly unable to draw air. Some invisible gag was blocking his mouth. He couldn't breath. In a panic, he withdrew his defense of the quartz and focused on defending his body.
The icy grip and the blockage disappeared at the exact moment that the quartz shattered neatly into a perfect pyramid.
'Well done, Helel,' Azazel exclaimed enthusiastically.
'Well done? I know you saw what he did,' Ariel began angrily.
'Enough, Ariel. He beat you. Accept and learn from it. Now you try,' Azazel answered coldly.
Ariel found himself shivering from the loss of energy the exercise had cost him. The cold in his body was somewhat offset by the fiery rage engulfing his brain. He had never known such a palpable sense of injustice before. This activity had been a mere excuse to attack him. His thoughts raced as he stared at Helel, and attempted nothing.
 
He sat in his chair staring at Azazel as the last of the students exited the room. This had to stop. Azazel looked up and met his eyes. A slight, twisted grin formed on the edges of his mouth.
'Is there something I can do for you?' he asked.
'I know what you've been doing. Each time you block my attempts in class, I see your aura. I have seen it for several weeks now.'
He watched as a flicker of doubt passed across his teacher's face. The satisfaction that this gave him somewhat compensated for the guilt he felt at lying.
'And I'm not the only one who has seen it. There is someone else documenting your sabotage. I know that if I went to your superiors, or to the Kings themselves, it would be pointless. First years don't develop their ability to see and it would be my word against yours. But if two of us file a complaint, they would have to at least investigate, wouldn't they, sir?' he asked in a voice dripping with contempt.
Azazel fought hard to maintain his composure, but Ariel knew he had struck a nerve. The trainer's left eye twitched and his hand nervously strummed the top of his desk.
'What happened today was the end. You allowed one of your favored students to utilize their skills to physically attack another telmid. I am not versed on the laws related to this type of conduct, but I suspect you are, and that it can't be good for you. So, this is what is going to happen. I don't want special treatment. I just want you to stop trying to sabotage me. If you do, I will let this go. If you so much as breathe on me in an aggressive way, I will file a complaint. Is that clear?'
Azazel sat in stunned silence for a long moment. He swallowed rapidly and looked as if he wanted to be anywhere else in the universe. In a surprisingly calm voice he answered, 'Ariel. I'm not sure what you are talking about. You have been doing wonderfully in this class. In fact, you are one of my best students. That's why I paired you with Helel today. I thought you needed more of a challenge. I am here to help you and I will in any way you need.'
He said the last sentence slowly and with added emphasis. Ariel noted the resignation in his instructor's face. He would have no further issues with Azazel. He turned and walked out the door.

Chapter 16
A trumpet sounded and the line began moving into the doorway, single file.
‘Wow, made it just in time.’ Gadreel whispered.
They walked down a long corridor, finally halting near the end. From an adjacent room a voice proclaimed, ‘I now welcome in the graduating first year class to the match ceremony,' followed by a loud rumble of applause.
Ariel was nervous, not because of the thousands of eyes that peered upon them as they marched into the auditorium, but because his foreseeable future was about to be decided for him. What if he'd been wrong about Azazel? What qualities had he exhibited that would dictate his placement? Would he match with his closest friend?
They took their place in a row near the back of the auditorium, having been one of the last groups to assemble and meet their escort. Upon taking their seats, the anthem stopped playing. A trainer that Ariel didn't know was the first to speak. Ariel listened to him congratulate them on their accomplishments, and looked around the huge building while he spoke. From behind the speaker sat the Kings in all of their majesty, surrounded by the escorting members of the choir of Cherubim.
'Listen, Ariel,' Gadreel whispered. ‘If we don't place together we will still remain the best of friends. Our placements will not affect our friendship. Nothing will.'
Ariel's stomach was a knot and he had a lump in his throat. He answered hoarsely, 'Agreed. Besides I have yet to beat you in bocket and that is completely unacceptable.'
Gadreel put his arm around Ariel's shoulders, who leaned against him. The gesture made his throat tighten even more. He believed in his heart that they would be friends, no matter what happened.
A different trainer took the stage and began talking about the classes that they had all completed during the previous year. He announced that each trainer would be selecting one student who had particularly excelled in their studies.
Various instructors took the stage and introduced their nominees, giving their reasons for the selections. To the surprise of no one, Trainer Pravuli selected Raphael and listed their friend's accomplishments throughout the year. He accepted his award graciously, shyly acknowledged the congratulations of his housemates and looked genuinely relieved as he took his seat.
Trainer Azazel took the stage next and Ariel stole a quick look over at Helel and Gabriel, wondering which one would be selected.
Azazel spent several minutes extolling the virtues of this year's class and detailing the difficulty that he had in selecting just one student. As the instructor spoke, he scanned the crowd before him intently. His eyes met Ariel's and held them.
'I have selected Ariel as this year's top performer,' Azazel announced.
Ariel sat stunned, not moving for a long moment. He looked down the row at his housemates and saw the surprise on their faces. He glanced at Helel whose eyes flashed shock and anger. Gabriel looked surprised, but happy. He gave a hand salute as their eyes met. Gadreel elbowed his ribs and he rose automatically. As he started forward, Gadreel whispered, 'Someday you have to tell me what you said to him.'
Azazel did not whisper any quiet threats or give him any dangerous looks. He merely grasped Ariel's arm and handed him the award. Ariel numbly accepted it and muttered a few words of thanks. He returned to his seat, amid the applause, totally baffled. What was Azazel's game?
Throughout the remainder of the ceremony, Ariel sat in a completely befuddled state, attempting to make sense of this turn of events. However, when all the awards were distributed, Adonai stood and all thoughts of the award disappeared.
The gentle voice filled the auditorium explaining the significance of the pendant, as well as the articles of armor that they would be presented in subsequent years:

The pendant that you are about to receive is a reminder of those characteristics, which make you unique and special. It symbolizes your importance as our representative and the reasons why you have been selected for your respective choirs. Next, you will earn the breastplate of righteousness. This is a sign that you have guarded the loyalties of your heart. The belt of truth will follow. Deception leads to division, but the truth holds all things together. The crown of salvation will come in your fourth anum. This is a defense against temptation. The shield of faith will protect you from the arrows of doubt. Finally, you will receive the sword of the spirit, against which nothing can prevail.

Adonai returned to his seat and a different trainer stood, holding an ornate scroll. He began to read in a booming voice.
‘Naamah, for a spirit of Love and acts of Mercy, matched into the choir of Hashmalim.
‘Iaoth, for a spirit of Patience and acts of Teaching, matched into the choir of Seraphim.
‘Mephistopheles, for a spirit of Charity and acts of Grace, matched into the choir of Elohim.’
Name after name was called and matched, and for those whom Ariel knew, the assigned choirs seemed a perfect fit. He saw that as a good sign. Finally, their turn came and they walked into position. Ariel was last in line, preceded by the six that he had lived with for the past year. An arella stood at the side of the stage directing them.
‘Pharzel’, the angel ushered him ahead. ‘For a spirit of love and acts of mercy, matched into the choir of Hashmalim.’ A trainer placed a red ruby, hung on a platinum chain, around his neck. A smile blossomed on Pharzel’s face at those words. He had often mentioned his hope at placing into that choir.
‘Gabriel.’ As the ushering arella directed him ahead, he looked back at the others with a grin. ‘For a spirit of humility and acts of strength, matched into the choir of Cherubim.’ He too could not suppress a smile as he received the blue aquamarine.
‘Helel, for a spirit of humility and acts of strength, matched into the choir of Cherubim.’
Ariel saw, despite his resolute face, that Helel was thrilled at being matched with Gabriel. He was even a bit envious that they had been put together. What if they separated he and Gadreel?
‘Harah, for a spirit of diligence and acts of recording, matched into the choir of Ophanim.’ 
‘Raphael, for a spirit of temperance and acts of healing, matched into the choir of Malakim.’ 
And then it was their turn to find out where they had matched. He knew that he could fit in to any choir as long as his best friend was with him.
‘Don't trip,’ he whispered as his Gadreel stepped forward.
‘Gadreel, for a spirit of kindness and acts of bravery, matched into the choir of Aralim.’ As the green emerald settled around his neck, Gadreel looked over at Ariel and winked.
‘Ariel.’ He began walking across stage. His insides were rubbery, and his mouth was so dry his lips stuck to his teeth when he attempted to smile. ‘For a spirit of…’ Please, please… ‘kindness and acts of bravery,’ Yes, yes… ‘matched into the choir of Aralim.’ In an instant the fear and worry melted away. It had happened. He and Gadreel matched into the same choir. He broke into a huge smile, one unencumbered by nerves, as he looked down at the deep green glow emitting from the emerald hanging around his neck.
Although the ceremony continued for some time, Ariel barely noticed the proceedings. Finally, the service was over and he was able to talk to his now choir mate.
‘Yes! We both got Aralim, Gadreel!’
‘I was so nervous that we would get two different houses.’
‘Me too. My mouth was so dry on stage I could barely smile.’
‘This stone is gorgeous, isn’t it?’
‘Hey you two lions of Aralim!’
‘Raphael! Congratulations on matching in Malakim! From the size of your smile I assume that was what you were hoping for?’
‘Right you are Gadreel. Ever since I read The History of Arellian Choirs I believed it to be my best match, and I must have guessed right. I am so happy for the both of you that you matched together, and for these two as well,’ he motioned towards Gabriel and Helel, who joined them.
‘Thanks Raphy!’ Gabriel gripped his forearm tightly. ‘I just want to thank you for all you did for us this past year. For the wonderful meals and all your help. Maybe we can get you to stop by the Cherubim Estate from time to time if you ever need some test subjects for a new recipe?’
‘Certainly Gabriel. Just because we are in different choirs doesn’t mean we aren’t friends.’
‘And the twins. Just like Helel and I matching together, it is very fitting that you two did as well. I am happy for the both of you.’
‘Thanks Gabe. Helel, congratulations. I wish you success in your future endeavors.’ He extended his arm, not quite sure what response he would get.
‘Thank you Ariel. I wish you the best as well.’ Helel took his forearm firmly and shook it.
Pharzel and Harah found them and congratulations continued around the circle. Ariel enjoyed the feeling of shared accomplishment and camaraderie. Despite the tensions they had experienced during their first year, this had been his family; his first family, and he would always hold each one of them dear.

Chapter 17
Hemlan knew that this was his chance to make an impression. A recommendation from Barman would go a long way toward securing his desired choir assignment. For several days after receiving the message he waited, but no one came. He’d started to despair that the prisoner had been warned about the letter's interception. And then, as if nothing were out of the ordinary, one of his regular callers arrived.
It became immediately apparent that this meeting was not as all the others had been. Although he failed to successfully eavesdrop on the discussion, a heated exchange was obviously taking place. The prisoner attempted to remain still with only partial success. His hands remained pressed to the table and his body stayed quiet, but despite the distorting quality of the haze surrounding them, the movement of his head was obvious.
His guest made very little effort to conceal his agitation. He spoke animatedly with hands flying around and frame jerking. Hemlan was transfixed by the scene. It was unlike any of the prior visits between the two. He stared at the visitor, trying to make out the words. That anguished mask froze suddenly, the fire and bluster gone in an instant. The arella practically collapsed into his chair, like a sail robbed of the wind.
The murky curtain around the pair disappeared, but the prisoner’s guest made no move to depart. He sat rigidly, staring at the table. They resembled a grotesque mural depicting some historical conference.
‘Go,’ the prisoner commanded and Hemlan realized it was the first time he’d heard him speak. He sounded steady and commanding, so self-assured.
Without hesitation the other rose, gathered his robes, and turned to leave. Hemlan handed him the log book and watched as he filled in the required information. He signed and strode from the room. Before he realized what he was doing, Hemlan followed. Rushing up from behind he grabbed the arella’s arm and attempted to cover his nervousness under a mask of stern authority.
‘I’m afraid I’m going to have to see the message inside your robe. I have orders.’
The other looked ready to object at this request from a mere telmid, but the broken aspect returned and he reached into the folds of his garment, pulling the linen sheet out and handing it to Hemlan.
It was blank. The prisoner knew. Hemlan had overplayed his hand. Barman requested that he ask to see any messages, but didn't authorize him to demand anything. He claimed authority he didn’t have in the hope of making an impression. Well, he might make one, but not the type he wished for. He had gone out on a limb. Either he would admit his mistake and stop this before it got worse or push it a little further. He decided to forge ahead.
‘Get up,’ he bellowed as he entered the prisoner’s chamber.
For the first time since the prisoner’s arrival, he turned his eyes to Hemlan. The steely blue retinas seemed able to cut through him. The prisoner’s angular jaw clenched, but nothing else moved.
‘I need you to move to your pallet,' Hemlan said with only a slight quaver in his voice.
Those eyes continued to bore through his confidence as he tried to stand his ground. He recognized, looking at that face, that he had gone too far. He felt alone suddenly, standing just a few paces from this dangerous arella. The prisoner’s mouth slowly curled in a frightening simulacrum of a smile.
He attempted backing up, but his muscles were frozen. The prisoner cocked his head slightly and Hemlan's chest tightened painfully. He tried to breathe, but the air was too thick, too heavy. He strained against the weight, trying to pull breath into his lungs. He grabbed his throat, hearing the strangled gasp of his struggle. As his vision began to cloud, he looked into the unwavering, unblinking eyes of the menacing angel. They held no compassion, only contempt and… amusement.
Hemlan’s world went black.
 
The boy’s words caused his heart to clench with a familiar fear.
‘You know what to do,’ he said, stepping out onto the balcony and leaping into the darkness below. He dropped, letting gravity pull him away from the light. He spread his wings wide, causing his fall to become a graceful swoop toward the cover of the woods bordering Angel’s Haven, Ligoth’s recently completed development.
The forest and darkness would offer some cover, but if there was a full-fledged hunt he would need better than an arboreal screen. He crouched and, keeping to the shadows, headed toward the river.
The early mining practices of the Yolenes evolved dramatically through the eons. Their first efforts involved gathering nuggets of ore and processing these easily acquired materials. The three spires that stood like guardians over the town had provided plenty of material during the first phase of development.
As the town grew, so did its appetite for a wide range of metals. Within a generation, mine shafts extended from the main caverns in all directions. But eventually these too proved insufficient. Eltoth’s father solved the problem by drilling down. Fifty feet beneath the caves he discovered a chamber that linked all three mountains. An underground river ran for miles under rich mineral veins. Since that discovery, tunnels had been systematically bored in an elaborate system that continued beyond the boundaries of the town. Air shafts could be seen in all corners of the city' linking the subterranean maze to the world above.
He passed by one such shaft and paused. He would not flee underground again. The memory of inching along in total darkness on Erascus made his flesh crawl. He kept running.
He needed to ascertain the representatives' intent and observe them without being seen. He left the safety of the trees and sprinted quickly downhill. The river cut a deep trench that ran through the town before disappearing at the base of the nearest mountain spire.
As he passed into the cover of the river valley, he took flight, passing silently above the docile surface of the water. It was a risk to fly. His aura would be like a beacon, but he had no other choice. A light attached to a small skiff ahead caught his eye. He threw up a black mist around himself and swerved toward the bank, trying to stay beyond the reach of the torch's wide net of illumination.
‘What was that?’ a startled voice yelled as he swept past, the fraying edges of the luminous seine just catching the train of his shield of illusion.
He moved too fast to hear the reply. He shot through the town, spire growing quickly in his path. The crash of the river falling into the cavern below was just ahead. He landed quietly and began climbing, careful to remain hidden in the numerous clefs that the jagged rock offered. A wide gash in the cliff towered above him, like a massive knife wound. He stepped into the recess and was totally concealed from the view of the town. He flew up to narrow ledge that provided a protected observation point.
He could see two small groups of natives, clutching torches, hurrying through the streets. Probably the night watch making their rounds. That boat's light shone out on the river. Its occupants undoubtedly speculating about what had just passed by. But the town was quiet, with no evidence of a search party. He sat back, breathing a bit easier. It was strange that the representatives had shown up at Ligoth’s home. He was now a member of the high council. Perhaps they visited all of the leaders, but the timing was odd. He knew from experience that it wasn’t usual practice to show up, unannounced, after dark. That type of visit caused problems.
He looked around realizing that once more he was creeping, hiding from shadows and felt angry. Just when his strategy began to coalesce, he was forced to scurry away like some kind of scared animal. Then he spotted them, two distinct auras strolling towards the administrative district. The familiar glow of Aralim and Cherubim stood out against the black backdrop of the sleepy town. The sight of the representatives, walking casually, enraged him. He cowered on this rock while a couple of second-rate arella strode through the city he had created without a care in the world.
‘I’m tired of running. I’m tired of hiding,’ he thought. ‘I’m going to put an end to this one way or another.’

Chapter 18
They watched as a group of black swans, with long elegant necks, landed smoothly on the small pond in front of the room they occupied. Ariel was exhausted but satisfied as he sat relaxed, watching the beautiful birds interact. One of the larger birds rose up higher in the water and beat its wings powerfully, causing the water to run away in frantic undulations. He gave a throaty cry and settled back into the water, peering at his flock authoritatively. The show was interrupted by a familiar voice.
‘Here are the twins, all settled into their new home.’
They turned and were surprised to see Gabriel approaching them. ‘Gabe, to what do we owe this honor?’
‘Hello. I was hoping you might have a moment to talk.’
‘Of course. Follow me.'
Ariel led them into his suite and after distributing a glass of water to his guest, closed the door and indicated some chairs. The group took their seats inside the passage to the room’s veranda. They sat and looked at each other intently for a long moment.
‘Gabe, from the look on your face, I would guess this is not just a social visit. Is something wrong?’
‘You're right, Ariel. As good as it is to see you both, there is something weighing on my mind, and I hoped to get your advice.’ He hesitated for a moment before continuing.
‘For nearly six months, unbeknownst to even our closest friends, a group of us has been meeting at a former trainer’s estate.’
At this admission, the pair exchanged a glance, unseen by their friend.
‘It started, as I saw it, as intensive training for students who had showed promise in class. It bothered me that we were asked to keep it quiet, but Helel convinced me not to be too concerned. With the extra help, we became quite proficient at the skills we learned. Had it continued in only this form, I would not be here discussing the subject with you. Things have changed, however.’
Gabriel paused and took a long drink from his glass. He looked at his former housemates with an anxious expression.
‘The next step, which bothered me more, was that we were shown new and powerful applications for our skills. I doubt you can even imagine what I am describing, but we learned ways to control the basic elements never taught in school. Some of them seemed quite beneficial, and they may eventually become part of the curriculum. For example, the ability to reverse the attractive nature of molecules inside of us, the force holding us together, to create an invisible shield impenetrable to anything I have yet seen. But some of the powers seem purely destructive, and it was these which started to weigh on my conscience. We harvested the electrons in the air and utilized this power to form a devastating bolt of energy. How no one got hurt practicing these techniques is beyond me. But once again, even this may not have convinced me to betray my oath of silence.’
Ariel rose from and refilled Gabriel’s glass with water, which he gratefully drank. He looked up, seeming unsure how to continue. Gadreel pulled his chair closer and grasped Gabriel’s shoulder supportively. Finally, their friend went on.
‘What has been weighing so heavy on my soul is not only what we do in our training sessions. It is the tone as we sit around discussing various topics. It started as mere philosophical musings, but it has changed. I must say if anything was openly rebellious, I would have immediately departed and gone to a higher authority. Azazel encourages us to question everything, which itself is not a bad thing. But these conversations seem to always descend to criticism. Even when we discuss the motivations of the Kings and their method of ruling, we are encouraged to evaluate the correctness of their ways. I get the impression, although have never heard it said, that Azazel has doubts about how the universe is administered. It almost seems like he believes that he knows better. I thought I might be imagining things, but have been unable to shake my apprehension. It is with this heavy weight that I come to you two for counsel, as I have always respected your resolute faith and honesty.’
Having witnessed a practice session firsthand, Ariel knew about the energy bolts and had surmised the activities went beyond extra training. Gabriel’s assessment of the group’s discussions was disturbing, but he wasn’t sure how to respond. The guilt of spying on his former housemates made him hesitant. Luckily, Gadreel found his tongue more quickly.
‘Gabe, I trust you as a friend and am going to share a secret with you as well. During first year, Ariel and I grew a bit suspicious that you, Helel, and Pharzel would disappear for long periods with obscure reasoning. We deduced it somehow involved Azazel. So, one evening we flew to the mountains west of his estate and hiked down to the edge of his yard. We climbed a tree and witnessed one of your practice sessions, one in which you were learning to use that tremendous energy bolt you spoke of.’
Gabriel’s face lit up at hearing this and he interrupted Gadreel.
‘So it was you two? I remember the day clearly. Many were convinced that something unnatural had caused that sound, but Azazel had been inpatient to get back to work.’
‘Yes, you can thank the poor branch selection of our agile friend Ariel for that cacophony.’
‘Anyway, later we discussed it with Raphy. He thought that we should allow the Kings to deal with it in their own way, so we have not pursued the issue any further.’
Gabriel’s face revealed that just talking with his friends had already alleviated much of his stress. ‘Does this additional information make you want to pursue the issue once again? Would you counsel me to tell someone with authority to step in?’
‘Gadreel, if I may?’ Ariel had finally found his tongue and wanted to clear his conscience.
‘Certainly, jump in.’ Gadreel responded.
‘I had a private conversation with Azazel some weeks back. He was sabotaging me during our practical exercises and I told him that I could see his aura and knew what he was doing. I also said I wasn't the only one who had seen.'
‘Why didn't you tell me?’ Gadreel asked in a wounded tone.
'It just never came up, he replied sheepishly.
‘Well that does help explain why he chose you as his outstanding student,’ Gabriel interjected. ‘I was pretty shocked he would do that. No offense. Perhaps he thought that you were blackmailing him and went along with it.’
‘It’s possible, but that wasn’t my intent. I just wanted to be left alone. I wasn't looking for special treatment.’
‘So should I quit and report their activities?’ Gabriel asked.
‘If you leave the group and inform on them, I'm not sure any good will come of it. You would harm your relationship with Helel. And if the meetings are harmless, you would miss out on a learning opportunity. But if they prove dangerous, it might be more important for you to stay. If a rebellion is in its early stages, making accusations at this point would be fruitless. For one thing, there is nothing, as of yet, to report. Second, if examined too soon the seeds of rebellion will still persist. The only way to destroy a bad seed in a bucket of good ones is to allow it to sprout. Then the plant can be identified and dealt with. In my opinion the best option for you is to be a faithful servant of the Kings while staying in those meetings. Perhaps you can dissuade others that may be susceptible to influence, and if things prove to be revolutionary, you may be the earliest voice of warning for what is coming.’
Gadreel looked at Ariel with surprise.
‘Well said, my friend. I completely agree.’
Gabriel did not respond immediately, but looked off at the gathering darkness beyond the veranda. After a few minutes he finally spoke.
‘Thank you both. I'll do as you advise. I appreciate you taking the time to listen. It is such a relief to talk about this. Would you mind talking about this in the future? I can keep you informed on how things are going and we will have an excuse to visit on occasion.’
‘Yes, of course,’ Ariel replied.
‘If we could talk you into taking up bocket, we could hold these discussions while playing a round,’ Gadreel added, smiling.
‘I’m afraid I will be a bit too busy this year to pick up a new hobby. Helel and I were accepted in a mentoring program to join past graduates who are now working as covering Cherubim in the throne room. We will be going three times a week for the rest of the year.’
‘Are you serious? You are going to the actual throne room? That has to be some sort of record for youngest junior covering Cherub?’
‘Actually two are picked for the honor from our choir every year, although this is the first time that the position was awarded to two second years.’
‘Well congratulations! What an honor. You have to tell us about it. And to think, I was going to impress you by telling you Ariel and I both made the Aralim bocket team. Your news makes ours seem a bit silly.’
‘I'm proud of you both. I am sure you worked hard and are pleased that it paid off.’
Ariel stood watching the retreating form of Gabriel. Although he was concerned and startled by the news of the meetings, the idea of his two former housemates standing in the actual throne room was comforting. They would be in the presence of the power which had created him and all else. What damage could simple questioning cause given the incredible omnipotence of the three Kings?

Chapter 19
A small yellow bird landed on a low branch to the side of the path, its movements quick and nervous. Looking at Gadreel it gave a shrill yell as if to warn him. The little creature somehow reminded him of Ariel and made him feel guilty. It was rare when they did things separately and Ariel seemed so hurt when he told him about the invitation.
Although he tried to convince Ariel it had merely been an oversight, and of course he was invited, Ariel remained resolute in his belief Helel had intentionally not included him. He insisted Gadreel still go, but the disappointment had been obvious.
Compounding his guilt was the relief he felt. It wasn't that he didn't want to spend time with Ariel, but lately he needed more time alone. He wasn't entirely sure what was causing the feelings of tension within him, but he suspected it was related to Gabriel's visits and the reports he brought from the secret meetings; meetings he wasn't able to attend.
The wooded pathway he followed suddenly opened up onto the courtyard which served as the junction between the many facilities comprising the recreational complex. He strolled the path leading to the great gymnasium where the rapine tournament was being held.
Helel told him he would be dueling later in the evening. Given his standing as the top duelist in his choir, he was exempt from the preliminary matches and would compete after the lower seeds were determined. Gadreel agreed to meet Helel and attend the earlier bouts with his former housemate. Although surprised Helel had sought him out, he was excited to get the invitation and was looking forward to spending some time with him. There was something strangely magnetic about Helel.
He entered the majestic archways and looked at the giant marble statues lining the far wall. Each choir was represented in the collection. Immediately his eyes found the lion, perched as if ready to spring into action. He felt intense pride as he looked at the regal representation of Aralim, his choir. He walked down the row passing the eagle of Elohim, the bear of the Seraphim and the coiled serpent of the Cherubim.
He stood before the giant snake and peered at the glistening eyes, the outstretched wings and open jaws. The workmanship of the statue was incredible. Only the mottled color of the stone revealed the beast was inanimate. Otherwise, it appeared full of potent energy, ready to strike, knowing and poised.
'It is a beautiful animal, isn't it?' a familiar voice asked from his side.
'Helel. You surprised me. I didn't hear you.'
'That is an important quality for a good rapinere to possess. You need to be able to strike before your opponent realizes its coming.'
A sudden soft blow on the side of his head caused Gadreel to jump. He just caught a blur of motion as Helel's hand returned to his side.
Helel smiled and said, 'And you must always prepare to defend against sudden attacks. Come on. Let's find a seat before the matches start.'
They strode down to the front row, adjacent to the four sparring rings at the center of the gymnasium where the more important bouts, including Helel's own, would be held.
'Ariel didn't come with you?' Helel asked.
'He wasn't sure if the invitation included him,' Gadreel answered.
'With you two, it seems unnecessary to invite the other. You are the twins after all. I sometimes wonder if you were fused together in some biology experiment gone bad. But, I'm kind of glad it was just you who came. I get the impression Ariel doesn't like me much.'
'No. I don't believe that is the case. You two have suffered from some misunderstandings.'
Gadreel paused for a second, considering, before continuing, 'Plus, he knows how close you and Azazel are and they didn't develop the best relationship,' he finished with a smile, trying to gauge Helel's response.
'I'm glad you mentioned Azazel because that is one of the things I wanted to talk to you about.'
Gadreel tried not to smile, keeping his face as neutral as possible and maintaining eye contact with Helel.
'You might not be aware, but Gabriel, myself and a select group are studying privately with Azazel to further our skills.'
'What kind of skills?' he asked, trying to sound casual.
'We are just working to extend some of the things we learned in class and develop some techniques we don't quite get to, due to the limited time. You would be amazed at some of the incredible applications we work on. I know you are already very accomplished, and I thought you might benefit from some additional training,' Helel finished, peering intently at Gadreel.
'Sounds interesting.'
'It's an open invitation. I realize you have a lot going on with the bocket team and your classes. I just wanted to extend the offer to come check it out anytime, as my guest.'
'Helel. That’s generous of you, and I will consider it. It might be enlightening,' Gadreel said, managing to keep his voice from revealing any excitement.
'I would say you could bring Ariel along, but I'm not sure how he would react. We meet at Azazel's estate and he has some negative ideas about him.'
'No. I doubt he would be interested,' Gadreel agreed quickly.
'If you are ever able to fit it in I'll make the necessary arrangements. Oh good, here comes Gabriel.'
The three reminisced for several minutes until the bouts began. Seated between his two former housemates, Gadreel couldn't have asked for a better place to learn about dueling. The two were a fount of information on the strategy and techniques employed in combat. They analyzed each of the contestants they watched, pointing out strengths and weaknesses. Soon it was time for Gabriel and Helel to prepare for their matches. They left Gadreel to don their protective gear and grab their weapons.
Gabriel was the first to duel and faced one of the combatants they had observed in a convincing win.
'Gabriel won't have much of a problem in this match. His opponent has a bad tell. He flicks the tip of his rapine vertically whenever he is about to attack.'
As he said this the arella did as Helel described, flicking his weapon and then immediately attacking. Gabriel was, as Helel predicted, ready for this and easily parried the assault, delivering a scoring counterattack as his opponent withdrew.
Impressed, Gadreel asked, 'Does Gabriel have a tell?'
'No. He is excellent. But he is cautious. The way to defeat that one is to attack with abandon. He is so careful in the way he fights, he can't handle a reckless attack. You need to be willing to put it all on the line if you want to beat Gabriel. Unless you make him fight you on your terms, he will slowly and methodically pick you apart.'
Gadreel could see the truth of Helel's assessment. Gabriel scored most of his points on counterattacks. He was rarely the aggressor, and when he did initiate an exchange, he did it with incredible patience and a gradual buildup of pressure, cutting off lines of retreat and pushing his opponent into an indefensible position. Gabriel easily won his match without surrendering a single point.
As skilled as Gabriel was, Helel was even more impressive in his first match. He scored points so quickly it almost seemed as if he were in control of his opponent's moves. Even the judges looked surprised with how easily Helel bested his adversary.
'Does he have a weakness?' Gadreel asked Gabriel.
'No,' was the immediate and sole response.
During Helel's final match Gabriel attempted to explain his friend's dominance in the ring.
'The reason he doesn't lose is because he is better at sizing up his competition than anyone, including me. He can spot weaknesses no one else recognizes. Sometimes he will point out things I would never notice. He seems to understand innately what another is going to do before they do. It is almost scary at times. And it’s not just in the ring. Try to argue with him sometime. He always sees the flaw in your argument, even if it doesn't exist,' he said with a slight chuckle as Helel strode up.
'You seemed a bit off during the match,' Gabriel said.
Helel stopped short and looked irritably at Gabriel before realizing his friend was joking.
'Anytime you are ready for a proper duel,' he answered.
'Luckily we won't face each other during this round, even if I win this next match.'
'True, but the finals are coming up, and I suspect it might be us standing toe to toe.'
Gabriel gave his friend a smile before excusing himself to prepare for his final match.
After he left, Helel turned to Gadreel. 'Why doesn't Ariel trust me?'
He sat, not sure how to answer. Ariel was suspicious of Helel. Ever since their excursion to the warm springs, Ariel suspected Helel of trying to sabotage him. But Ariel had attempted to put those negative feelings behind him. He wasn't sure how successful that had been.
He looked at Helel and answered honestly, 'I'm not sure.'
'That's what I thought. We had a misunderstanding early on, but I hoped he would be able to put his misconceptions behind him. I'm afraid he has a bit of paranoia about others' motivations. He mistook Azazel's attempts to push him as sabotage. Did he ever tell you about their conversation?'
'No,' Gadreel answered, surprised. 'He said he didn't want to talk about it.'
'I guessed as much. He's probably embarrassed. Azazel tried to explain he pushed Ariel in order to get him to work harder. Azazel believed he had great potential, but was unwilling to stretch himself without special provocation.'
Was it possible his friend hadn't wanted to talk about the confrontation because of embarrassment? Gadreel had seen Azazel hindering Ariel's progress in class himself. If he used this tactic to push Ariel to improve, it would help to explain why Ariel was selected as his top student. And Ariel had improved as a result of Azazel's special attention. Could it be that their overheard conversation had prompted their trainer to show an alternative method of teaching in an attempt to demonstrate his point- that there were different ways to get students to learn?
'Are you able to see those around you?' Helel asked pointedly. ‘Was it you who sensed Azazel's aura and informed Ariel what he was doing in class?'
Gadreel sat silently, not sure how to respond. He felt intrigued about participating in Azazel's training group. If the trainer found out he had told Ariel, would he still be welcome? He struggled to meet Helel's eyes.
'Impressive. It is rare someone gains the ability during their first year at the academy. I don't have the statistics, but you are in pretty limited company, my friend,' Helel said, looking genuinely impressed.
'Does Azazel know?'
'He suspects strongly. Don't worry. He's not upset. He actually told me that he would love to have someone with your natural talent working with our group. That is one of the reasons I approached you. He just wasn't sure whether your relationship with Ariel would allow for your participation. And by the way, I can see too. There are a few of us that develop early,' Helel said in a friendly voice.
Their conversation was interrupted as Gabriel returned, face glistening from exertion.
'So, what is the verdict?' he asked.
Gadreel, who hadn't seen any of the match, sat sheepishly, not sure how to respond. Luckily, Helel saved him of having to say anything.
'He scored both points on you because you are too timid. You are faster and smarter than him, but you let him control the tempo too much. He shouldn't have been able to score a single point on you. You can do better,' Helel responded casually.
Gabriel laughed. 'I can always count on a frank assessment from you, my friend.'
Gadreel wondered, as he retraced his steps home, how Helel managed to carry on a conversation with him and analyze Gabriel's fight simultaneously. He had never noticed Helel's attention stray, but he had observed every point of the bout. Gadreel realized how much he had to learn. If he embraced Helel's offer, he would develop his abilities in ways he hadn't even considered. But how was he going to accept the invitation without destroying his relationship with his closest friend?

Chapter 20
Eltoth's home sat at the heart of the inner circle, where the city's elite lived in massive, though rather Spartan, structures. The Yolenes, as a people, had little interest in creative expression. Their society valued hard work and productivity, not ornament or individuality. Hence, the abode of the Sitter of the High Council, the most influential member of his clan, was a somewhat larger stone box than that of his neighbors.
The scale of the place made it comfortable for Romel and Hageth who towered over the Yolenes, most who barely stood as high as their chests. They had access to a private wing in the house whenever they visited the clan for extended periods of time. It meant being subjected to lengthy lectures from the rather verbose Yolene, but as Sitter it was his privilege to act as host.
Romel picked at the bland tasting meal before him trying to focus on Eltoth's words.
'I do understand that tribal borders were established to insure fair distribution of resources, but our population has tripled since then. Other tribes haven't grown. We are now being penalized for our success. How can we continue to thrive if we are not allowed to expand our territory? It lacks even the pretext of logic.'
'Eltoth, your point of view is well known. And as I'm sure that you know, your tribe is expected to grow with consideration for your available resources. You live in this magnificent house with just your wife. It is not a very efficient use of resources and a difficult place for you to make your argument,' Hageth answered with a barely suppressed smirk.
Eltoth seemed taken aback, but recovered himself and bowed apologetically.
'Surely you wouldn't penalize my entire tribe because I like the solitude that having my children as neighbors rather than housemates affords?'
They all laughed and Romel took the opportunity to change topics.
'Eltoth. I am curious about your newest council member, Ligoth. We stopped by to see the new development that he created and spent some time with him. We wanted to talk about timber allocations, but he seemed completely disinterested. Is he always so....nervy?'
'Ligoth is hard working and ambitious and is a great addition to the council. We needed younger blood and ideas and he has proven himself. I wouldn't characterize him as nervy, as you say. He is young, however, and hasn't had much experience. He may have been intimidated,' Eltoth said.
Romel shook his head. They had dropped by unexpectedly and it was probably startling. Perhaps he hadn't spent much time around arella. But the look in his eyes seemed more like anger than fear, although it was harder to read these creatures. They could be so confusing, their motivations so difficult to understand.
A shrill whistle cut through the evening air and carried through the large open window that allowed the diners to look over the main street. Yellow strobes lit up each intersection and pulsed in time with the spasmodic siren, sending out a stream of long and short blasts, giving details about the emergency. Given the frequency of mining accidents, it was a very useful warning system.
'A cave in,' Eltoth exclaimed, jumping to his feet. He peered out of the window, watching the dancing pulses of light intently. 'It is in the western quadrant. Looks like one of the newer shafts.'
‘Which way?' Hageth asked. 'We can get there faster alone.'
Eltoth gave quick, efficient instructions and exited to organize the rescue operations. Romel followed Hageth out into the courtyard and together they leaped into the sky, heading to the accident. He could see small groups of Yolenes streaming toward the western section of the town.
Romel recognized the form of Ligoth standing beside an air duct that belched a steady expulsion of smoke. The new council member was waving his arms frantically and yelling.
'My son is down there. My son. Please help my son!'
Not hesitating, the two angels climbed into the large pipe and dropped into the darkness. Romel created a small orb of light, using some of the gases rushing up the duct as fuel. He heard Hageth land below and compressed the vapor around him, causing his free fall to amend into a gentle drift.
Romel landed beside Hageth and examined their surroundings, adjusting his eyes to try and pierce the dense cloud that surrounded them. Its composition seemed to be mainly dust, with a number of gases present as well.
'An explosion caused this,' he said.
Romel nodded his head in agreement and headed down the tunnel toward the densest concentration of sentiment and gas. He waved his hand, straining the air of much of the debris, forcing particles to bond and drop to the ground.
'Is anyone here?' he yelled toward the mass of rock that blocked the shaft ahead.
No one answered. He concentrated on the rubble, trying to sense a heartbeat, body heat, the sound of movement, anything from beyond. He noticed that the pile of stone before him glowed faintly, but not with the radiance of energy being omitted. Rather, it looked as if the rock were sucking in the light around it, leaving a faint gleam as light fell into darkness. The luminous orb in his hand seemed to strain toward the nothingness of the oily blackness, like it was being pulled into it. He kept feeding it, but sensed its power being drawn away, like the last traces of dusk.
'What in the heavens?' he asked and reached out to touch the jagged wall.
A blast of fiery cold struck him at first contact. He jumped back quickly, arm throbbing with pain. He lifted his hand toward the light, studying the blackened flesh with horror. The wound resembled a negative image grafted onto the healthy portion of the appendage, creating a mottled contrast. He probed the injury with his aura, but it was not accessible to him, like that piece of him had disappeared. He saw that it was part of his body, and yet not. Without warning an intense flash of energy and a percussive jolt knocked him to the ground and all became as black as the fringes of his arm.
 
Barman sat at the desk, palms down, staring straight ahead. The airy room was full of light, with a view of Celebration Plain stretching out far below. Anyone looking at his location from the outside would see nothing but a sheer rock cliff, but from inside the entire panorama surrounding Mount Kol appeared to be within reach, as if the chamber were completely open. He wondered if the prisoner had ever tested that invisible barrier.
Given that arella's admirable self-control, he doubted it. The prisoner would have known that, despite appearances, he was securely imprisoned. The function of his new chamber was more obvious. It might have been a petty thing to have him moved to the most confining room available, but Barman couldn't help but get a small sense of satisfaction in knowing that the arella who had injured his charge was now forced to stare at nothing but unadorned stone walls.
The thought of Hemlan caused Barman to push more firmly against the smooth surface of the desk. The telmid had been foolish, but what made an arella attack another so viciously? Perhaps the prisoner was truly beyond hope. He seemed to have no compassion, no remorse, and no conscience.
The Kings would make that determination. He had his own responsibilities to deal with. One of those had been Hemlan. He had placed the young arella in this position and for the second time in recent months his decision had caused the injury of one in his charge.
'I will not underestimate the willingness of these rebels to do harm again,' he vowed.
He stretched his hands out, running his fingers over the perfectly smooth surface of the wood, trying to understand what motivated this prisoner. Despite his circumstances, he acted as if he were in command. How was he able to convey such a persona of control when he was powerless? He could injure without even seeming to acknowledge the fact. He seemed too impervious to intimidation. He was completely baffling.
As Barman continued stroking the surface of the desk he felt a gentle snag against the skin of his index finger. He bent over, looking at the dark surface with intense concentration. A small hole, no bigger than a pinprick, marred the otherwise blemish-free top. He sat back, palms down, covering the opening, just as he'd seen the prisoner do.
Barman rushed across the room and grabbed a silver pitcher from the washstand. He poured a small amount of water directly above the tiny puncture and walked to the other side of the desk. He reached out and placed his hands on the desk, as he had seen Semanop do, then used his aura to gather together the fluid and push it into the rent. Almost immediately a tepid stream hit the underside of his wrist as the liquid jetted out.
Bending over he could see the exit point where the prisoner had somehow bored a channel, like a termite track, through the wood. Barman couldn't help but be impressed. It was clever. He had probably smeared ink on his hand and had enough control to push it through the small shaft, propel it up the sleeve of his guest and direct it, encrypted, onto the linen sheet.
Barman thought about the neat script of the glyphs and was even more impressed. To pull that off would require more skill than he would have thought possible. What other secrets were hidden in plain sight in this room? He looked at the desk. It was a simple design- a top, two sides, and a panel divider that kept items from being passed underneath. Small dowels bound everything together, with no need for tacks or adhesives.
Barman carefully pulled out the pegs and removed the top. As he did, the surface fell into six pieces. It was not a solid wood panel, but smaller planks crafted so beautifully that no seams were visible.
The prisoner would have learned the method of construction as he drilled through the wood. He would have known this desk inside and out to be able to bore such a precise shaft. Barman became more and more excited as he examined the individual plates of wood. The first clue was easy to find. Although it wasn't visible to the eye, the subtle carving was easy to feel with both his hands and his aura. Barman placed a blank sheet over the area and rubbed it with a piece of charcoal that he retrieved from the guard's desk. A complex mathematical formula had been etched into the interior of the desk. It was another incredible example of the knowledge and power of this prisoner.
His second find was less obvious. As he pulled apart the bottom frame of the desk, his eyes caught sight of something floating in the air. If the room had not been so suffused with light, he would have missed it, but as he looked closer he saw a number of tiny rings resting on the floor. They appeared to be diminutive circular bands crafted of fine, woven, arellian hair. Six of the miniscule creations were visible. Barman touched one with a finger and it disappeared in a puff of smoke.
Now, only four of the rings were lying there. He was sure that he had counted six. What had happened to the other band? He gathered up the remaining hoops, carefully scooping them into a small envelope, and deposited them in his satchel. 
Perhaps Penemue would be able to help him decipher this mystery.

Chapter 21
The field above the array came alive and a three-dimensional model of the created universe rotated slowly as the deep baritone narration began.
The immense vastness of the universe creates certain limitations. One obstacle to servicing worlds over this vast distance is travel. Even at speeds in excess of the speed of light can achieve, thousands if not millions of years would be required to reach some of the more remote planets. To solve this problem, the Kings incorporate a means of transit on every new world they create.

The image above the array morphed to reveal two identical trees. Some sort of current ran between them. Suddenly, each tree duplicated itself and a different pair of trees appeared. Now the field included all four trees, arranged in a square. In a sudden rush, the second pair moved away from the first and the connection between the pairs narrowed and stretched as each leafy couple took root on two remote orbs, which looked to be planets. The voice continued.

The Kings developed the groves to allow for easy access to all parts of the universe. Each created world possesses a pathway linking it to the Eternal City. These pathways are held open by the grove.

    One tree on each world began glowing a bright yellow.

One set of trees carries positive energy into the created world. This energy flows from the prime tree, set atop Mount Kol. It provides for the sustaining life force feeding each world. An effect of this immense power is a perforation in the time space continuum. However, this perforation cannot be sustained without completing the circuit.

The other pair of trees, one on each world, lit up in a fiery red hue.

Negative energy, sometimes called black or dark energy, exits each world through the second pair of linked trees. This depleted force flows back to Mount Kol where it is recycled. It also closes the circuit and allows for a sustained perforation in the time space continuum.
 
‘Stop,’ Gadreel interjected and the images froze. ‘This is where I got lost in class. I don’t understand the bit about negative energy.’
‘It is a bit complicated, I know; but it’s easiest to consider in terms of the creative dichotomy that we learned about last year. The nature of the Kings is creation. They bring order to chaos, but that chaos is a real force that is perpetually attempts to erode. The positive energy is the lifeforce feeding and defending against the chaos,’ Ariel explained.
‘Yes. That is fine. But what is the chaos?’
‘It’s a force. I’m not certain where it came from. Perhaps it is a side effect of creation itself. The interesting part is that the Kings have learned to utilize this force. It creates a balance to the equation and they act as the stabilizer between these forces, sustaining life and order.’
‘And this allows for instant travel across incredible distances?’
‘Yep. The balance between the positive and negative energy maintains the stability of the pathways. It also provides for a perpetual cleansing of the effects of chaos on created worlds. It’s almost like clean, oxygenated blood flowing out to the planets and returning full of impurities and depleted of life. The Kings act to cleanse and recycle this force so it can return. And the flow of this energy holds open the portal, much as blood holds open the vessels in a body.’
‘What would happen if one of the pathways were cut?’ Gadreel asked.
‘I suppose eventually the isolated world would succumb to the destructive effects of chaos, but I don’t believe that is possible. The Kings wouldn’t allow such a thing,’ Ariel answered.
'So why are residents of other worlds are able to travel the pathways, but we are not allowed until we earn our wings?'
'I haven't seen an official explanation, but I suspect the Kings don't want representatives of the Kingdom, who have not yet completed their studies, running around the universe. And it could be that not all groves are in areas safe for us until we are fully equipped. Should we continue the module? Perhaps we will find out together,' answered Ariel, smiling.
'Actually, Arie; do you mind if we get out of here for a bit? My brain has taken in all it can handle right now.'
The two exited the library and wandered along the path leading to the recreational complex. They stopped to watch some first years toss a light orb back and forth, clumsily attempting to catch the bright ball in the hook-like shutas that they each held. Though they dropped more orbs than they caught, they were obviously enjoying themselves. They laughed and joked and seemed not to have a care in the world. Ariel thought back fondly to their early days. He remembered how overwhelmed he had been when they first explored this place. Looking around, he still enjoyed the sense of awe that the campus gave, but something had changed. The group of young telmid reminded him of his friends. Why did it seem they were moving apart?
'Gadreel, is anything bothering you? Are you upset with me for some reason?'
'Why do you ask? Is this about my going to the rapinere tournament without you? We can occasionally do things on our own,' he answered and immediately regretted his sharp tone.
Ariel looked startled, but recovered himself and replied, 'No. This is not about the match. I just get a sense you have something you aren't saying to me.'
Gadreel shrugged and continued down the path. Ariel followed, wondering if he were imagining the whole thing. Before either realized were they were headed, they turned the corner and stood looking at the first path of the academy bocket course.
Seeing the course gave Ariel a sudden, anxious flutter in his stomach. One of his teammates had been ruled ineligible, due to grades, and Ariel was being moved up to the starting squad for their upcoming match against Malakim Choir. His game was steadily improving, but he had yet to play competitively and he was nervous about the match.
Gadreel seemed to sense his thoughts and said, 'You're going to do great. You have gotten so much better. I almost feel sorry for whoever draws you.'
Ariel gave him a wry smile, but appreciated the compliment. He knew he would be hard pressed to beat his opponent. The Malakim team was undefeated and the clear favorite to win the Choir Chalice, but the support given by his friend was reassuring, nonetheless.
One arella after another waited their turn and struck their preliminary shots on the opening path. It was interesting to see the different styles and quality of kicks employed by the various participants.
A large barrel-chested bocketeer stepped up to begin his round. He was playing alone and practicing his technique while he waited for the path ahead to clear. He stood waiting, bouncing a small bocket up and down on his right foot. Ariel recognized the arella.
'Does he play for Malakim?'
Gadreel, who, as the assistant captain, had scouted the other team, answered immediately, 'Yes. That might be my opponent in the next match. He is one of their better players.'
Ariel studied the telmid with eager interest as he kicked. The bocket soared out over the water, but didn't turn. It had been poorly struck. Suddenly, a sulfuric glow seemed to reach out and push the ball back toward safety. His eyes followed the trail created by the golden effulgence and traced it back to the arella.
'Did you see that?' asked Ariel.
'See what?' replied Gadreel with a faint smile.
'The yellow glow. Is that...?' he broke off.
'Yes it is. Yellow for Malakim. Congratulations, Ariel. You have seen your first aura. Fantastic. And can you see the name of the reprobate?'
'Baal,' he said, knowing his answer was correct.
'Yep. And I will have to keep my eye on him if I play him. He doesn't seem to care much about the rules.'
Baal finished the path, easily scoring base, not including the penalty for manipulating the bocket. As he disappeared from view, the two turned and headed back toward the library.
'Are you ready to finish the module?' Ariel asked.
'No. I'm finished for the day. You go ahead. I'll meet you back at the estate later. I'm going for a walk.'
As his friend walked away, he again wondered if he had done something to upset Gadreel. He headed back into the library and made his way upstairs, returning to the array they had utilized earlier. There was no one was using it. Ariel gave the verbal command to reload his module as he pulled up a stool and prepared to sit. He bent and leaned back, allowing his weight to fall onto the seat. His stomach lurched and he hit the floor with a thud.
For a second he sat there, stunned. As he turned to look at the stool, he could detect a faint blue glow lingering around its metallic surface. He jumped up and spun, looking for the culprit. No one. The aura seemed to come from the far end of the room and he headed in that direction. He rounded a corner and collided with a thin angel, surrounded by a fine red mist, who took a quick step backwards to avoid a fall of his own.
Ariel muttered an apology and headed to the staircase, still following the faint blue glow of a receding aura. He quickened his pace, taking the stairs three at a time as he descended to the lobby below. Pausing at the bottom, he scanned the area, trying to detect the azure aura, but it had disappeared. Muttering to himself he turned to return upstairs. As he did, a figure moving toward him caught his eye. He was not even a little surprised when he recognized the approaching arella, Helel, the aquamarine pendant around his neck catching light and sparkling with a cerulean radiance.
'Well if it isn't the twins, minus one,' Helel said with a wry smile.
'Were you up on the second level earlier?' Ariel asked.
'Why do you ask? Wait. Let me guess. You can't find your sense of humor and you believe I took it,' Helel replied sarcastically.
'You're not fooling me, Helel. I know it was you.'
'Ariel, you worry me. Your paranoia is getting the best of you. Haven't you learned not to accuse without proof? No wonder your other half has tired of your company.'
'What does that mean, Helel?'
'Forget it. I imagine when your friend is ready to be honest with you he will deal with this himself. It's not my place to mediate for you two,' he replied and turned to leave.
'Wait, Helel. I'm sorry,' Ariel called after him.
Helel looked back over his shoulder and replied as he retreated, 'I warned you about making accusations against me. I warned you!'
For the second time that day he stood as someone that he had shared his origin day with walked away from him. He was angry and confused. He didn't trust Helel, but Gadreel had been acting strange lately. Was it possible Helel knew something he didn't? And had Helel threatened him as he left? He was certain Helel was responsible for moving the stool, but why had he run away? It was an innocent joke, so why had he gotten so angry about it? He stared blankly across the lobby, not sure what to do. He knew he should return to the second level and finish his assignment, but he just didn't have the energy. Dejected, he headed for home.

Chapter 22
It was the first time that Gadreel had ever been completely frustrated by one of their modules. He enjoyed the theoretic part of their music module but the application portion made him feel inept, something he was unused to.
The academic section involved long periods of time spent in sensory suppression chambers, with light and outside noise eliminated, allowing the student to truly focus on the music. The small, darkened rooms were each equipped with an audiochromic crystal, which provided the only light. As the music would change from slow to up-tempo, soft to hard, high to low, the color of the tiny rock would shift to reflect the influence exerted by a bit of music. It responded to minute fluctuations in the electromagnetic field of the environment, and as a result reflected changes in the aura of any living organism in the immediate vicinity.
He quickly learned to identify various combinations of rhythm, instrumentation and tonal quality and the ways these enhanced or suppressed different mood states. But when he attempted to duplicate these musical techniques, the results had been less than stellar. 
They were learning on a harp, an instrument he was coming to loathe. The enormous things could not be carried around, but there were several at the estate and they always had access to the music center, a facility on the edge of campus equipped with every musical paraphernalia in the created universe and built to provide the optimal acoustic environment.
Since he and Ariel had some time before their music class was to start, they decided to head over to the center to work on their upcoming assignment. They walked on the marble walkway leading up to the building, which from a distance resembled a giant sea creature’s discarded shell. The path was alive with the movement of water dancing along its surface. Every cubit, a row of small openings spewed a stream high into the air at an angle that caused the thundering shower to crash, in a rolling crescendo, on the slanted brass plates that bordered each side of the path. As they neared, the fissures closed. This continued  on the entire approach to the building. The result was that a metallic musical scale, which rose in pitch as they drew closer to the main structure, marked their progress.
A shallow pool meandered around the base of the building, with small white bridges offering entrance into the center. As they crossed one of these spans, a familiar face approached coming in the opposite direction.
‘Twins,’ Gabriel greeted them enthusiastically.
‘Hello, Gabe,’ Ariel responded.
‘I’m so glad I ran into you two. I’ve been meaning to visit. Can you spare a few minutes?’ he motioned to a circle of simple white benches a dozen cubits away.
‘What’s on your mind?’ Gadreel asked after the group had seated themselves in the small, private cloister.
‘For one, I missed my old friends. But the other reason is why I assume you are here,’ he said, motioning to the building behind them.
‘I haven’t been by in a while because it has been a very busy year, and quite frankly, the meetings had gotten better. We are still working on improving the powers we learned, but the conversations have been less philosophical and not the least bit subversive. I began to doubt that there was ever really anything wrong. That is until this week. Azazel knows that many of us began our music modules and he offered to teach us a few things. At first, we only worked on the usual tunes, and he helped us create the correct mood states. But then he started introducing more complex music that turned the audiochromic crystal the strangest colors. He taught a technique of creating low tones using our left hands, combined with unusually high tones with our right strings, which resulted in the stone glowing a deep red. He said it was an effective combination to induce anger.’
Gadreel hadn't expected to hear this. Why would they want to learn how to induce anger? What purpose did that possibly serve? He asked Gabriel the question.
‘That is what I wondered. But that wasn't all. He introduced tunes that created moods of fear, and jealousy. I asked why we would need to learn these things, and Azazel said that it is imperative that we know both good and bad. We should be able to recognize wrath and fear as well as we can recognize love and joy.’
‘Helel is especially adept at this newfound skill, and has been spending a lot of time at Azazel's estate. Sometimes he stays there for days at a time. When he is home he spends hours plucking away, playing really bizarre music. But for what purpose? I asked him last evening, and he said that he agreed with what Azazel had said, that without bad there can be no good.’
This thought struck Gadreel as rather profound. Without the black background of space, the stars wouldn't shine. Was it equally true that only with the comparative darkness of bad was the light of good visible? How did happiness exist if you had no conception of sadness to compare it with?
‘I told Helel that that was ridiculous, of course.’ Gabriel continued. ‘I reminded him that we have known nothing except joy since we were created and had never needed to learn sorrow, or wrath, or envy. His only reply was that we are still like babies, and our eyes aren’t even fully open yet.’
‘So what do I do? I don’t feel that it is healthy to create an environment of negativity around me, but I don’t want to leave the group simply because of a little music.’
Ariel answered first. ‘Gabe, if you feel this group is a negative influence on you, you should leave. Do you agree Gadreel?’
What Ariel said was true, but would a little music be that destructive? It didn't seem possible. They had played music that caused joy, but it hadn’t made him jump around the room exuberantly. Why would it be different with music of another type? Plus, this might be the perfect opportunity to attend the meetings for himself.
‘What about this, Gabriel? Is it possible for you to invite me to go with you to the meetings? Once I am established in the group, you can miss any future ones that make you uncomfortable and we will still have an insider there to keep an eye on things.’
Gadreel saw by the look on Ariel’s face that he did not like the idea at all. He purposely avoided making eye contact with his friend. Yet, despite his obvious disapproval, Ariel said nothing.
‘I don’t think that is a good idea.’ Gabriel responded. ‘I don’t want to introduce you to something that may not be healthy.’
‘Wouldn’t it be better for you if we split the exposure? If things stay this way you will quit, then we won't have any idea what is going on. Why not let me share the load with you? I promise, I can handle it.’
Ariel finally spoke up. ‘Here's a better idea Gabriel. Why don’t you stop going, and we do as Raphael originally recommended and let the Kings take care of it?’
But Gadreel had seen his opening and didn’t relent. ‘Ariel, I seem to remember your argument, from our last talk, that, as the representatives of the Kings, we have an obligation to be their eyes and ears, and that it is important that we have a voice of reason in the group.’
Gabriel thought about this for a long moment before answering in a voice that seemed somewhat reluctant, ‘The group grows each time we meet, so I don’t think Azazel is opposed to inviting new members. Let me talk with him next time I go and I will see if I can bring you along in the future.’
‘Perfect.’ Gadreel answered, and knowing that Ariel was not in agreement, quickly steered the conversation in another direction.
‘So Gabriel, you must tell us about the throne room! What is it like?’
The distraction worked perfectly, as Gabriel’s face instantly changed from consternation to adoration.
‘It is the most amazing place. First of all, it isn’t a room as I was expecting. Situated within the top of Mount Kol is a beautiful garden centered on the prime trees, fronted by an immense sea of crystalline water. It feeds the four rivers that flow through the city and the country beyond. At its edge are the seven fiery stones, which represent the character of the Kings and carry the warmth and light of their fire to the vastness of the universe. And then there are the actual thrones, which are simple and golden, but so beautiful in their simplicity. Around them are Cherubim, filling the air with magnificent music. The garden is filled with a light that is so bright, and yet so peaceful. It is difficult to explain.’
Gadreel and Ariel both stared at their friend, trying to imagine the scene he described.
‘And what do you do while you are there?’ Ariel asked.
‘We are just observers, so Helel and I stand to the left of the throne and try not to get in the way. It is quite a busy place, actually, with angels coming with messages and leaving with assignments.’
After answering many more questions, Gabriel finally asked their leave.
As soon as they were alone, Ariel said, ‘I think you going to the meetings is a terrible idea.’
‘So it is fine for Gabriel to attend, but somehow you think it will be bad for me?’
‘I just don’t know what it is you hope to accomplish. Gabriel is strong enough to withstand any negative influences and if they become too strong, he'll simply leave. But you are sometimes a bit too confident in your own abilities, and I fear you might not.’
‘Ariel, I appreciate the concern, but I will be fine. Plus, I will keep you updated on every event and if you ever feel things have gone too far, just say the word, and I will leave.’
‘OK. But believe me I am going to be very quick to tell you that if I start to see things that make me uncomfortable.’
Ariel’s vehement tone made Gadreel stop for a second. Perhaps it wasn’t such a good idea for him to attend the meetings. But the thought of learning new powers was too much and he shook off the negative feelings. No, he would go. He would just have to be strong enough to resist any bad influence that may, or may not, be present.

Chapter 23
'I'm afraid that you are going to have to simplify. This is way above my head,' Barman said.
'Just think of it as a type of communicator. Your hand array can send a signal to another array and deliver a message. However, that requires some means to carry the signal. This ingenious device sends a very simple notification, but has no requirements limiting how it's carried. This would transmit from one end of the universe to the other, with absolutely no energy required,' Penemue explained excitedly.
'OK. That I get, but how? And please find a simpler way to explain it to me. I have no idea what the eighth dimension is and don't really have time to learn.'
Penemue paused for a second before answering. 'Think of the grove. You are able to travel instantly across millions of light years through the wormholes created there. That is not because you are hurtling through space at some incredible speed. It is because you step around the spatial dimension by means of an alternate dimension. The eighth, which I will not attempt to explain to a simpleton like you,' he answered, smiling. 'The same thing happens with these little rings of hair. Two rings are strung together in the eighth dimension. What happens to one, happens to the other, with no spatial limitations. Whether they are ten microns or ten million light years apart, they will act the same way.'
'So if I touch this band and someone had its match, they would instantly receive a signal?' Barman said, starting to understand the implications.
'You've got it, old friend.'
'So he attaches one of these to any outgoing message. If it is touched, he receives an instant warning. But how could he know who triggered it? I mean, who's to say that his own messenger wasn't the one who set it off?' Barman asked.
'There are two possibilities. Either they are tuned to specific individuals' harmonic signatures or couriers are trained where not to touch.'
It was incredible and nearly unbelievable that the prisoner managed to develop this elaborate system while under constant observation. Barman voiced his incredulity.
'Oh, I suspect he used this scheme for a long time. This isn't something that one would create out of thin air. But the genius is that it is so concealable and uses materials so easy to access,' Penemue answered. 'Having already perfected the process and its safeguards, it is conceivable that he would have been able to draft messages, assemble his protective rings, and affix them while he was being intently watched, without giving away his secret.'
'Well that certainly gives a better idea as to the how of the equation, but we still need the what,' Barman said while reaching into his satchel and pulling out the charcoal rubbing, which he spread out on the desk. He watched the professor's expression as he pulled the numbers toward him. Penemue's fingers drew invisible diagrams in the air as he studied the complicated formula. Barman bent over trying to follow along.
'Can you give me a few minutes?' the mathematician muttered distractedly.
Barman wandered out into the sterile hallway and sank onto an ornate marble bench. He leaned back against the wall and closed his eyes. He was drained, yet exhilarated. Finally all the hard work was showing some progress. He worried that it might be too little, too late. In the months that they had held the prisoner, this was the first bit of information that they had gained. How much more had passed through that guarded doorway undetected? And what kind of instructions was he sending out? And to who? There were still so many questions that he felt no closer to answering.
'Barman, you aren't going to believe this,' Penemue said, interrupting his thoughts.
He rushed in to the office and was confronted by a mass of symbols and numbers, stretching across a translucent optical field that lined the far wall.
'Do you see this sequence? This is the solution to the formula you found in the desk. It allowed me to create a logarithmic decoder. This is incredible. I thought it was some type of hoax, at first, but, here let me just show you.'
He seated Barman in front of his array and explained, 'Here is the message that you intercepted. I want you to type in each of these glyphs, starting with the last and going through to the first.'
Barman hit the first symbol and a sound reverberated from the machine. It wasn't a voice, but it was easily distinguishable as a word- 'Tell.'
'It's brilliant what he has done,' Penemue interrupted. 'This symbol is musical. It confused me at first. I doubt if there is anyone else in the kingdom that would make the connection, but this is my work. He is taking the principals that I outlined in my first book and utilizing them as the basis for his code. It is purely musical. He takes his message, converts it to a mathematical equation and then uses this sequence to render that musically. Even if it were intercepted by someone who was an expert on encryption, it would be worthless unless they also had an intense background in composition and theory. But if you understand what you are looking for, it is fairly easy to figure out. Whoever is getting this message would either have to possess a logarithm like the one I'm using here, or would have to be a musical virtuoso. But with the key, they could merely type out the symbols and hear the message, like you. Sorry, keep going.'
Barman continued typing.
'the pigeon to fly home. Condor will say where. Commencement bonfire. Torch holders prepare your tinder. Spark will burn the net.'
'Old friend, you are a genius,' Barman said. 'I'm not sure what this all means, but the gist is pretty clear. It is time to take more deliberate action, and this message should be enough to give me the authority to get proactive. You have helped me more than I can ever hope to repay.'
 
The throng that gathered was just beginning to organize. A pump sat at the mouth of the duct and someone began lowering flexible piping down in order to force clean air into the tunnel below. The Yolenes were experienced at dealing with cave ins and knew that the first priority was clearing noxious gases from the area to allow rescue workers to descend safely.
'Stop,' he bellowed, enhancing the pitch and volume of his voice with a simple fold of air.
Hundreds of faces turned toward him. Many simply looked confused, but more wore expressions of wonder. They started to whisper excitedly among themselves.
Eltoth stepped forward and asked, 'Is it really you?'
'Yes, it is. I have returned to you. I am come to lead you once more. Do not turn on those machines. The cave ins have released a deadly poison. If you force it up to the surface, many will perish,' he said.
'But Hageth and Romel are down there,' Eltoth objected.
'They are trapped, but will be fine. I have created a fissure for them to breath through, but you have to let me handle the rescue. Reinforcements are coming to help,' he said.
The first part was true. The two arella were trapped, but in no immediate danger. However, he had no plans for getting them out right away and certainly hoped that no assistance was coming. This imprisonment needed to buy him enough time to complete the next phase of his plan, then he could decide how to handle them.
'It is through the foresight of the Kings that I am here. I was sent to replace Romel and Hageth as your representative. It is the view of myself and the Kingdom that some changes are needed on Yabler. I am here to implement those policy corrections. However, for right now I need this part of the town evacuated. This area is not safe. It seems that you all were too aggressive with your mining. There is too much poisonous material being released and the ground here is unstable. If you wish to help your former representatives, please leave immediately. If you live within a kilocubit of here, you should stay with family or friends in another quadrant for the next few days. Ligoth, would you coordinate the evacuation? Anyone who has no place to go should be given shelter in public buildings. Go now!'
He waved his hand deliberately to show the urgency of the situation and was gratified to see the Yolenes streaming obediently away to the west. A lone figure fought against that receding tide. Eltoth strode stubbornly toward him.
'I am curious as to how you know Ligoth?' the sitter asked as he approached.
'What kind of representative would I be if I didn't know the name of the newest member of the council, Eltoth?'
'So you know who I am as well, as you did my grandfather before me.'
'I do and I look forward to working with you as I did your grandfather. Together, he and I helped your tribe move beyond its humble beginnings. I hope that our relationship will be as fruitful.'
Eltoth looked at him quizzically, as if unsure of something. He started to turn away, then stopped.
'Romel was telling me about an arella that was ordered to Mount Kol, but refused to go. Instead he ran and is now a fugitive of the Kingdom. Romel received a warning that he might attempt to take refuge here and that we should keep our eyes open. Did they capture the criminal?' Eltoth asked.
'I don't believe that they have,' he answered.
'That is surprising. It must be very difficult to run from the Kings. I would think that it would be impossible to avoid detection for very long,' Eltoth said pointedly.
Did this pathetic creature have no sense? If he had suspicions, what could he possibly hope to gain by confronting him? It was sad really. He had no desire to hurt anyone, but he had come too far to get caught now.
'Eltoth, do you understand how the grove works?' he asked.
The sitter looked at him with a surprised expression, but shook his head.
'The trees of the grove on Yabler are identical to those in the Eternal City and, in fact, on every inhabited world throughout the universe. Those trees hold open a gateway. What do you think would happen if they were destroyed?
Again Eltoth shook his head.
'This planet would cease to be linked to the Kingdom. It would be isolated, free to function how whoever ruled saw fit. It would be able to exercise true self-determination,' he said, smiling at the elderly Yolene, who was backing away from him slowly.
There was a rumbling thunder rising from below. Eltoth's eyes widened as the earth began to sway under his feet. It shook violently, the sound of rock grating and cracking filling his ears with ominous warning. He lost his footing and landed painfully on his back. His hand shot out toward the towering arella as the ground opened beneath him, swallowing the panicked cry that he gave as he fell.

Chapter 24
The bocket championship was as much a celebration as it was the final match of the season. Coinciding with the conclusion of final exams, arella from all choirs came out to the event. Besides the excitement of finishing up another term, the path itself drew many spectators, being the most famous path in all the land. The Falls Path was restricted to everyone but angels every day except this one, so telmid rarely missed the opportunity to walk on this ancient ground.
As they had done the previous week against Cherubim, Ariel and Gadreel joined the rest of the team in the choir chariot for the flight to the Elder Forest, north of the city. Flying over the path that would determine the winner of the Choir Chalice, they marveled at the view.
At the center of the course stood an extinct volcano that rose dramatically above the plain below. The pinnacle of this treacherous mesa was flat and filled in by a large, clear lake, which spilled over the edges of the uneven precipice in dozens of spectacular waterfalls. The Falls Path wrapped around the entire base of this formation. The course itself was composed of flattened buttes of land that sat atop great columns of rock. These were staggered at different heights and covered in lush greenery fed by the falls that pooled on the elevated landmass, only to join new cascades that dropped to landing areas on lower spires. Some paths on the course stacked up to three levels deep and offered a variety of strategies for play. Beneath all of these rocky formations was a dense jungle that threatened to consume any errant shots.
The sides of the volcano looked uniformly steep, but as they drew nearer dozens of flattened plateaus carved into the rock face became visible. Spectators rimmed the edges vying for the best vantages to watch the action on the course. While the layout of the course made it impossible to follow all of the shots, the elevated buttes did offer viewers the opportunity to witness the conclusion of each path.
Their coach, Lyonel, had showed hours of replays of past championships, so his players were acquainted with the site. It had been a challenge, balancing preparation for the championship with studying, but all managed to pass their classes and gain a working knowledge of the kicks required to score well here.
During the previous weeks Ariel had settled into his role as a starting member of the team and his play improved. Although he had lost as many matches as he won, his last several had been wins, including a tight one with the Cherubim team.
‘As the lower seeded team, we have to release our squad ranking first. Due to his vast improvement over the past couple of matches, I am making one change to our starting order. I am moving Ariel up from the eight spot to the three spot, directly before myself and Gadreel.’
Ariel couldn’t believe his ears. Moving up to third position would likely mean he would be matched against the third best player on the Malakim team. He started to object, but opted to remain quiet.
‘Congratulations buddy.’ Gadreel said. ‘You earned it. Remember, it doesn’t matter who you are playing, just play each shot as if you and I are kicking a practice round.’
His scores had been second lowest for the past couple weeks, including his best ever in the elimination game against Cherubim, but this was the Falls Path, and they were playing the undefeated Malakim Choir, a team that defeated them 7-1 on two separate occasions. And during their previous match, he had lost to their number eight player. Now, they expected him to compete against their third best bocketeer. Surely they needed the most experienced members for the hardest matches. But he didn’t argue.
Lyonel stood and addressed the team.
‘The players on the Malakim team don’t think we stand a chance, but they are wrong. The neutralizing factor is the path we are playing. They beat us soundly this year based on the fact that they all kick so far. But we kick straighter, and on this course that matters. The Falls Path requires that we use sound strategy and accuracy, not strength. The highest plateaus on any given path are the smallest and hardest to hit. Play to your strengths. Even if it is longer from a lower plateau, avoid the big risks and big mistakes. Remember to stay smart and we will win this competition. Now go out there and have some fun and bring back that Choir Chalice to its rightful home at the Aralim Estate!’
As third seed five other matches began before him. This, unfortunately, time to think. It also meant that his would be one of the last three scores posted and there would be additional pressure if things got close.
‘Hey Ariel,’ someone called. He turned and watched the three telmid dressed in the blue robes of Cherubim approach. Gabriel strode up and grasped his arm, followed by Helel and Molochel.
Helel looked at him expressionless. Molochel didn’t even glance his way.
‘Gabe, I wanted to congratulate you on making it to the finals of the rapinere tournament. And Helel, congratulations on winning. I’m sorry that I missed the match between you two, but Gadreel said it was pretty thrilling.’
‘The better arella won,’ said Gabriel, good-naturedly.
‘I told you that hesitation would be your downfall. You have to be willing to put it all on the line every time you compete,’ Helel answered, never taking his eyes off of Ariel.
‘So Lyonel switched things up and decided to throw someone else against me?’ a new voice interrupted. ‘I am Baal, and you are Ariel, here with a group of my old friends. Gabriel, Helel, Molochel; good to see you all.’
Ariel turned to face Baal, recognizing the immense arella and the familiar yellow aura that had been his first. He recalled Gadreel’s warning as he extended his arm in greeting.
‘I was just discussing the need to put it all on the line in competition,’ Helel continued. ‘Ariel knows all about putting it all out there to win. I’m a good friend with your opponent from the elimination match, Uzza. He told me all about how far you were willing to go to win, Ariel.’
Though not sure what Helel meant, the words made Ariel uncomfortable. He looked around at the group trying to understand the insinuation. His eyes met Baal’s and the other’s furrowed brow further enhanced this discomfort. Before he was able to ask about the comment, a voice called he and Baal to the first path to begin their match.
The combination of the situation, the crowds, and the giant he accompanying him, twisted up his insides again caused his head to spin. His hands trembled as he placed his longest flying bocket on his foot. He was so nervous that he started thinking he might not even be able to make contact with the bocket. Was there any way out of this? He prayed for courage and for a spirit that best represented his creators. Instantly, a calm came over him, and he was ready.
The first path was treacherous. The most direct way to the shaft was via a small plateau situated some thirty cubits above. If he missed, his bocket would fall, uninterrupted to the dense forest floor below. He chose the lower route, targeting a large flat that would force him to take an additional shot to reach the shaft. He aimed, snapped the bocket up in the air with a flip of his foot, and drew back his leg for his first kick. It sailed off his toe, perfectly straight down the middle of the path.
Baal took the opposite tactic. He attempted to take the shorter route and ended up missing badly. Ariel was courteous and followed Baal down to help locate the ball. After hitting his recovery shot, Baal reached the plateau where Ariel’s bocket lay. They finished the path with an equal number of kicks, giving Ariel a one shot advantage after the first path.
A pattern developed over the course of the match, with Baal taking the aggressive line and Ariel playing it safe. Baal was powerful and skilled. Although he badly missed several shots, he hit an equal number of spectacular ones. After thirteen paths, Baal held a one shot advantage over Ariel.
The fourteenth path curved in a descending bow. The shaft could be easily seen some three hundred cubits away and almost as far below. The landing area around the shaft sat elevated some forty cubits above a dense canopy of thick trees. An elevated plateau hooked around from where they stood to just short of the shaft. It was typical of the course and offered two options. Either you could choose to kick directly to a small distant target or play it safe and hit a fairly easy shot to the downward sloping grass of the giant crescent swathe of land set atop a series of descending rock spires.
Baal, true to form, took no time to consider and fired a powerful shot. At first, it looked like the risky play would pay off as it sailed straight toward the shaft. However, as it descended it began to curve to the left. Baal let out a grunt of frustration as it narrowly missed the target and fell toward the forest floor. The spectators that sat near the shaft groaned as the bocket fell out of view.
‘This is my chance,’ thought Ariel as he again kicked his bocket toward the safety of the wide, sloping crescent. It landed safely and he began walking down the pathway. His second shot was a short one and he struck it well, leaving himself an easy opportunity to even the match. He took a descending walkway down to the forest floor to help Baal find his errant shot.
He looked up at the thick canopy as he walked, grateful he had opted for the safe shot. Recovering from this dense wood was nearly impossible.
Ariel heard a rustling noise in the thick woods ahead and walked toward the spot. As he rounded the trunk of a large tree, Baal struck his shot. It hit a branch above him and began to fall back toward the ground. Suddenly, that sulfuric aura pushed up against the falling ball, shooting it up through the dense canopy above. A roar from the crowd told the rest of the story.
‘I saw that Baal,’ he said sharply.
Baal spun around with a nervous expression on his face.
‘Saw what?’ he sputtered angrily.
‘You know what you did. But more importantly, I know what you did.’
‘Well, I have no idea what you are talking about,’ Baal replied and walked toward the spiraling walkway leading to the plateau above.
Ariel stood shocked for a moment before following. He didn't know the protocol for something like this. Should he call one of the officials over and make an accusation? Would anyone believe him?  No one else would have seen the episode due to the density of the foliage. He decided to wait until after the match and let Lyonel handle the matter.
Standing on the kickoff zone of the fifteenth path, Ariel was given the updated scores. They were losing 3-2 so far, and since they were facing the defending champions, a tie would result in Malakim retaining the chalice. This meant that the last three matches would determine the championship. If Aralim didn’t win all three, they would lose. He stood one behind, going to the last.
Baal, uncharacteristically, played the last path conservatively. He crushed a kick deep up the safer route toward the shaft, which was met by loud cheers from the crowd. Ariel decided that the time for caution was past. He would go directly at the landing area. This meant that he needed to curve his shot around a large waterfall, carry an elevated patch of thick trees and land it on a flat surrounded by water. He put all of his strength into his kick and it exploded off of his foot. It sailed safely around the falling water. Unfortunately, it curved, caught a branch, and fell into the thick woods. The crowd groaned.
He found his bocket lying directly behind a tree. Baal was first to play. A soft round of applause let him know that Baal had played safely. If he was to have any chance, he would have to go for the flat, instead of kicking out sideways into the open path. There was one gap through the thick trees, high above his head, less than half a cubit wide. However, because he had landed so close to the tree, there was no room to kick it toward the opening. Suddenly, he had an idea. He turned and faced the opposite direction and looked back over his left shoulder. If he got his leg high enough, he might just have a chance.
Baal coughed and waved, a big grin painted on his face. Ariel returned the smile and placed the bocket on his foot. Helel said he must be willing to put it all on the line. He flipped the bocket up into the air and swung his leg high, falling onto his back from the effort.
He couldn't tell if it cleared the trees? He hadn’t heard it hit anything. Was he even close to the flat? He didn’t know, but turned and ran up to the path. Suddenly, he a raucous cheer louder erupted. What had happened? The crowd was still roaring when he jogged over the swale that blocked his view. There, hung suspended in the shaft, was his bocket.
Was it possible? Had he really just kicked out of the woods, directly into the shaft? It was a shot that he wouldn't be able to hit if he tried one thousand times. He raised his arms and the crowd cheered even louder.
 
The time immediately following his match seemed like a blur. He vaguely remembered waiting at the last hole for the final matches to finish and the cheers that met his two teammates as they kicked their final shots and won. He recalled being lifted onto the shoulders of fellow Aralim.
‘I heard about your shot,’ Gadreel said, smiling as they gathered to await the presentation of the chalice. ‘I knew you had it in you. Congratulations buddy!’
They saw Lyonel approaching, but his face lacked the excitement that they expected.
‘Ariel, can you come with me for a second? There is an official that would like to speak with you.’

Chapter 25
'Here, let me help,' Gadreel said and reached for the ornate object.
Ariel was trying to attach his choir pendant into a slot in the middle of the seal that adorned the front of his new breastplate. At the ceremony, marking the end of their second year, they had received this important component of their armor. It was a symbolic addition to their wardrobe, meant to teach them to guard their hearts, but it was also quite beautiful, fitting over their robes like a vest of embroidered gold and platinum, and representing to others what they had accomplished at the academy thus far.
‘You are trying it the wrong way. The facets face out. Here, let me show you.’ Gadreel took his friend’s deep green jewel, turned it over, and snapped it into place.
‘Thanks for your help.’
‘I just want to make sure you look good for all your fans,’ Gadreel said, winking. He enjoyed the discomfort his friend's newfound fame gave him. Ever since ‘the kick,’ arella, congratulating him on the improbable shot and propelling the Aralim Choir bocket team to victory, often stopped Ariel. Despite Gadreel being the best player and going undefeated for the entire season, Ariel was getting a lion’s share of the credit. Of course, it had also produced a fair amount of controversy. Although the accusation about him cheating was dismissed due to a lack of evidence, the rumors still proliferated, and Ariel had received more than a few pointed looks on campus.
'So where is Araton taking you?' Gadreel asked.
'We are meeting a group at some place on the north side of the city. He said the food is fantastic. And he told me he wanted to talk to me about my post-academic plans.'
'Sounds like a recruitment dinner to me. I bet he found out how great at transformation you are and wants to claim you early,' Gadreel said.
Ariel put on a guise of wounded pride.
'That's just plain mean,' he said.
Transformation was proving to be particularly challenging, but he understood how important the module was. Appearing as beings of blinding light, oftentimes much larger than the native species on worlds where they were stationed, created problems in serving indigenous populations. So they were learning to alter their appearance at will.
This was possible due to their cellular composition. Most multicellular organisms were comprised of a variety of cell types serving specific functions. Arella, on the other hand, were composed of just one type. These particular cells were extremely versatile and more durable than those possessed by other creatures. Hence, arella could withstand more extreme environments, a necessity given their diverse roles throughout the universe. This was due to the fact that angelic cells acted as both dissipators and aggregators of energy. Whereas a common carbon-based cell would be instantly destroyed if exposed to extreme outputs or absences of energy, an arellian cell, or haematid, automatically passed through excess energy levels or absorbed and retained energy, depending on the environment.
The ability to absorb ambient energy allowed haematid to take on the characteristics of virtually any element, be it gas, liquid or solid. The cells mirrored the composition of other objects, without losing their intrinsic qualities. The key to this transformation was being able to correctly understand whatever you were trying to imitate. It was frustrating how quickly Gadreel had developed the skill.
'I don't understand how you make it look so easy,' Ariel said.
'Make what look easy?' Gadreel replied and disappeared from view.
'Gadreel, I can still see your aura.'
'I know. I hope I learn how to mask that at our meeting tonight,' he said.
‘Last time I am going to mention this, but is there any way I can talk you out of going? I have a bad feeling about this.’
Ariel had repeatedly tried to change his mind about the meetings, without success. His friend's lack of trust bothered him. Ariel encouraged Gabriel to stay in the group, but the minute he had mentioned attending, his friend objected. How weak did Ariel think he was?
‘Ariel, seriously, I will be fine. Now, will you please drop it.’
Gadreel reappeared by the door.
'I'm going to walk over toward the Cherubim Estate. I need to relax and meditate a bit before the meeting. Say hello to Araton.'
'Be careful, please,' Ariel said seriously.
Gadreel walked the pathway out through the front gate of the estate, to the main boulevard leading westward toward the academy and the Cherubim Estate. He was excited to attend his first meeting. He imagined the wonderful new skills he was to learn. It seemed that all of the skills they were taught in class were so simple. He was anxious to be confronted with new challenges and opportunities. As he rounded the corner he saw an approaching chariot carrying his friends.
When they arrived at Azazel's estate, the number of vehicles parked outside surprised Gadreel. He had imagined a small group, like the one they had seen on their covert trip during first year, but the numbers had increased dramatically. Could this honestly be a secret anymore?
They stepped through the front door, and Gadreel followed his friends through the house and out into the back yard. Gabriel led him up to his former instructor and waited while he finished speaking to another student before tapping Azazel on the shoulder and introducing Gadreel.
‘Ah, we have a lion of Aralim among us at last,’ Azazel said, offering him his forearm in greeting.
‘Yes sir,’ he replied. ‘Nice to see you again. Thank you for inviting me to your estate.’
‘You are certainly welcome. I would like to talk to you after we finish up, but now I need to get things started.'
Azazel turned and walked onto the porch, raised his hand for quiet and addressed the group.
‘I first want to introduce the newest arella to join the group. Gadreel, would you step forward?’
Gadreel did as asked and looked around the group at the dozens of eyes peering at him. He recognized a few, but most of the faces were new to him.
‘I hope you have been practicing those transformation exercises I introduced last time. Tonight I want to discuss the uses of this ability and some of the alterations you can make to such a power. As I am sure you have been told, transformation is an extremely beneficial power for angels who dwell among many of the unique creations throughout the universe. It is very helpful to look like the subjects we are working with, as many of them would be unable to withstand a glimpse of us as we normally appear.’
‘As most of you know, but for the benefit of our new friends I will repeat, there are often additional uses for our powers that are not popular with many of the trainers at the academy. This holds true for transformation as well. While our influence can be exerted in other worlds using just words, you may face events in the future where the stubbornness of some of the creations is too great. We may perceive that following a certain course will lead to a poor outcome, but what do we do if they will not listen? Do we let them continue down a path towards ruin? Of course not.'
‘That is where the art of possession comes in. While I am strictly prevented from showing you such a power, there is no harm in letting you know it does exist and sharing some of the benefits of learning this. In possession, you do not simply become the image of some alien race, but actually take over control of a specific individual.’
At this point, Gabriel interrupted. ‘Sir, are you saying that we can take over the body of another creation?’
‘That is exactly what I am saying. I would like to say that I have never actually used this ability. However, given the right circumstances, it could be a useful tool, since it gives access to things like memory and thoughts, which are hidden from us in our natural form. With this knowledge, and using the influence of the one possessed on others around them, you could have far greater ability to control the destiny of the universe and prevent its ruin.’
‘Sir, this seems to oppose the basic right of free will that all the Kings’ creations are given. If we take a being over to act in accord with our own will, they have lost their freedom to act as they wish.’
‘Gabriel, is this any different then what Ruach does? Do you not agree that he works in each of us to do the will of the Kings? Possession is the job description of the Spirit King. As his representatives, it is my belief that we may act in a similar way to protect the universe from harm.’
‘Sir, this seems like an unsteady balance. You are comparing us to the three Kings, and we are not worthy of such comparison. Ruach may work in each of us, but that does not take away our free will.’
‘Ah, Gabriel, I do appreciate our weekly debates. May I ask, do you truly believe you have complete and unopposed free will? You have been instructed not to partake of yayin, for example, and you listen. If you had free will, wouldn’t it be up to you if you wanted to drink or not? Can you, a wingless telmid, leave the confines of this world to travel the universe without a chaperone? If, upon graduation, you decide to forgo the responsibility of being a representative, and say, play bocket every day for eternity, would that be permissible? What I am saying to you all today is that this overused term, free will, is wildly misunderstood. As arella, we have a free will, as long as that will is in accordance with that of the three Kings. I have completely accepted this. But I also accept that subjects under our control must accept the same thing, which is that they have free will as long as it is in accordance with their own good.’
‘Sir, I respect you, but wholeheartedly disagree. First, the difference between the guidance of Ruach and the possession you speak of is that we must volunteer, must choose, to be filled, or possessed, as you would say. What you hint at doesn’t seem to require permission, but seems more like invasion. Secondly, we do have complete free will. I have the freedom to do all of the things you said, but choose not to in order to be the best representative I can be. I can drink yayin. I simply choose not to; not because I was told not to, but because I do not want to cloud my judgment. I can play bocket forever, but will not because I would miss out on all the incredible experiences that are possible for a servant of the Kings. As far as leaving the confines of this world; you are right in that I have not acquired the ability to do so yet, but if there is one place in the universe that I am to be confined, let it be here.’
Gadreel had never seen his friend so passionate about anything and couldn't help but admire his composure. He had disagreed with an authority figure, yet done so with the utmost respect and eloquence. He looked around the group to see if others were as impressed as he, but saw looks that hinted more of annoyance than admiration. Gabriel surely noticed this as well, but he did not hesitate.
‘Gabriel, I am not here to argue the nuances of free will. Yes, we have it, however limited. My point is that in the same degree it is limited with us, we may choose to limit it on worlds we are trying to help. Possession is a last resort power, yet it remains a power. I am not suggesting you use it, but there is certainly no harm in letting you know the possibilities your powers hold.'
The meeting was less eventful after the discussion had ended. Azazel gave a few pointers on transformation and answered a number of questions. As the group began to break up, he caught Gadreel by the arm and pulled him aside.
‘Ah, Gadreel, I am glad I found you before you left. Interesting meeting?’
‘Oh yes sir. Very interesting. I learned more tonight than I did in class all week. And the discussions are very thought provoking.’
‘Yes, I do enjoy Gabriel’s weekly arguments. A bit naive, but enjoyable. I do hope you choose to visit with us again. I remembered you from your first year and was always hopeful you would choose to join your friends.’
‘Sir, if I may ask, why did you never invite me before?’
‘I respected you in class, Gadreel. You are a quick learner and have the highest potential. You also seem trustworthy. But you are very close with your friend. Ariel, isn't it? I did not get this same impression of him. I assumed he would not see our meetings as helpful, but harmful or potentially dangerous. Let me say that it is not without risk that we discuss these things. There are some opposed to discussing controversial subjects. But I believe it is important for you to learn to think on your own, and that is my only goal. I serve the same Kings as you, and have done so for a millennium with all of my heart, but I also feel that you do the best service as free thinkers and not mere robots.’
‘Sir, Ariel is a great friend and an even better arella.’
‘So he would not object to the things that we do and discuss here?’
Gadreel did not have to think about the question for long. If there was anyone he knew as well as himself, it was his friend, and that friend would object. Strongly. No, Ariel would not appreciate the discussions, and since he was still trying to perfect the basic powers, the advanced applications would be useless to him.
‘You are likely right, sir. Ariel would probably be happier studying at home.’
‘Well I hope that you are not and will join us in the future.’
‘I will sir. I assure you of that.’
‘Well, until that next time.’
‘Bye sir.’
Later that night, as he lay on his pallet, he replayed the events of the evening. It was such a relief to realize the tyrannous activities Ariel feared were just a wise old angel helping younger arella develop. Azazel was merely developing critical thinking, not training a mutinous army. He thought about the discussion Gabriel had reacted to so passionately. He had many questions about the Kings, the origin of the universe and world he inhabited, but this question about free will was a new and fascinating concept. Did free will exist or was it an illusion? He knew what Ariel would say, but wasn’t sure how he viewed it. He resolved he would not argue with Ariel about the matter. He didn’t want any further trouble between him and his best friend. He would have to find someone else to discuss these matters with.

Chapter 26
The sound of 1250 soles marching in time reverberated off of the canyon walls. Twenty-five squads moved with precision as they ran through the training sequence. No verbal commands were given, but each team of twenty-five arella, five wide and deep, rotated as one, maintaining perfect spacing as they followed the unspoken cadence of some secret symphony.
Barman watched as each group simultaneously contracted on itself. The sixteen members on the exposed perimeter of the formation knelt, facing outward, bringing shields up before them. Six angled shields rattled into place above this defensive foundation, and the squad leader, stationed at the group's center, completed the maneuver by swinging his shield into an overhead position. As the edges of each silver rectangle touched its neighbor, the individual parts fused into a solid metallic wall for a nanosecond, before waning into a translucent dome that covered the entire squad.
Across the dusty, ocherous canyon floor, twenty-five clear bubbles popped up within a heartbeat, like beads of dew on an autumnal leaf.
'Those shield walls can deflect any known energy source. They are virtually impervious to attack, although I hope that we won't have any need for that today,' the newcomer said.
Metron, the captain of the battle guard, was an imposing figure. Though not overly tall, his frame was wider than that of the typical arella. Thick curly hair topped a squarish head, which seemed to sit directly on his wide shoulders. Even with the looseness of his robes the massive arms were obvious. He exuded physical power and brute force. His voice, however, was startlingly soft and gentle.
'Barman, I am concerned about this request of yours. It's pretty vague. And I don't like splitting up my troops without knowing exactly what we are going to be facing,' he said.
'I understand your concerns and share them. I'm afraid we don't have any choice. We know that an attack is imminent. Sorry. Let me rephrase. We believe that an attack is imminent. But we can't take any chances. We aren't sure how long we have, so we have to assume the worst,' Barman replied.
'I don't mean to offend, but you don't seem to know all that much. Can I ask where your information comes from?'
'We deciphered a message from the prisoner. Based on its content, we rounded up those who have been visiting him and interrogated them. Most of them knew next to nothing, but one was very well informed. He gave us a rundown on the plot, locations where weapons are being stored, and a list of participants. We are going to hit the supply stores today. I have Seraphim rounding up everyone on the list,' Barman replied.
'And who is this angel? '
'He cooperated, so I can't say. He has admitted his fault and acknowledged his folly. He'll be pardoned and have his name stricken from the record of this event, should his information prove accurate. We believe that he is credible.'
Metron studied him intently for a moment. He was obviously displeased at the lack of specificity, but being a good soldier he understood his role. He nodded and pulled out a scroll, spreading it on the stone wall before them.
'We are going to hit all five locations simultaneously. We will use percussive matrices to incapacitate anyone guarding the stores, prior to moving in. Each location has its challenges, but my squad leaders are good at their jobs. Each site gets hit by five squads,' Metron said.
Barman held up a finger.
'That looks perfect. However, I need you to make an adjustment. I need to borrow one of your squads. I am going after one arella, but it is off world and I don't really know what resources he has available. He could be extremely dangerous and I need angels trained for this sort of thing.'
You're kidding me, right?' Metron asked.
'I'm afraid not. I've been chasing this one for a while. The last time I thought I had him I underestimated what he was capable of. Some of my arella were hurt as a result. I won't make that mistake again. That is why I need your guards. Our source has given us a location and I need to move quickly.'
Metron turned toward the staging area below, assessing, as his squads continued to run through their drills. Groups were paired in mock battle and first attacked then retreated in ebbing waves. The simulated fighting covered the ground and the air above it, but the scene was somehow orderly. It had a rhythm and a structure, like the intricate choreography of a large dance troupe. He wondered if this day’s action would follow the course his plan outlined. He knew that was unlikely.
'I have two conditions. Number one, I'm coming with you, and number two, I need to hear everything you can tell me about our target.'
 
He dropped onto solid ground and skidded to a halt, tucking his wings in behind. For the briefest second his mind told him that he was still moving as his body made the adjustment from flight. When he first learned to fly that transition took much longer, but now it passed as quickly as a breath.
The funny thing was that he understood his mind was playing a trick on him. He stood on a ball of rock, spinning at a terrible rate, hurtling across the galaxy. Gravity allowed him to feel anchored and he subconsciously accepted the illusion.
The solidity of the ground beneath was another convenient lie. What seemed so sure was an ever shifting, unstable mass of crust, riding a plasmatic layer within the planet's interior. Seas of molten rock, rivers of electrical current, and the tide of the planetary life force all churned below.
The events of the last days made him keenly aware of the instability his hopes rested on, both physically and figuratively. He liked to be able to plan, to test, and slowly execute only when certain of success, but others kept forcing his hand. He hadn't wanted to imprison Hageth and Romel. He certainly hadn't wished to entomb Eltoth, but they had all given him no other options.
And now, because of their choices, he was once more forced to react to circumstances. It wouldn't take long for someone to notice that Yabler's representatives were incommunicado. They had to transmit regular reports. He had no idea when the last report had been submitted or when the next was due, but time was limited. He had to act now.
Luckily, he had spent years working on this issue. Before that terrible accident he had made progress on the problem of inclusion. Any subordinate being, and that included all beings, that disagreed with the way things were done had no choice. They had to submit, due to the fact, that despite what everyone said aloud, they were slaves. Free will was a grand illusion, unless you managed to get yourself excluded. If you were part of the Kingdom, you were subject to the Kingdom.
The only way to be truly free was to drop off the map, literally. And that could only happen outside of the grove. The universe appeared vast, but the grove made it too small to contain dissenting points of view. So he developed his theory. The perforation in space-time held by the paths was dependent on maintaining a strict balance. Creating a wormhole that opened for a moment was a fourth-year academy experiment. The difficulty lay in keeping it stable. A surge in either the positive or negative energy flowing along the path would cause the rift to collapse on itself.
The inbound tree, always located on the east side of the grove, carried the current straight from Mount Kol. It was beyond his reach. The key to his plan lay in the western tree, which closed the circuit by routing the outgoing energy back into the pathway. Experiments through the years had resulted in nothing but failure, until his discovery.
He pulled the dodecahedral spike from a long insulated pocket in his robe, its length wrapped in a shimmery metallic cloth, resembling dull chain mail. The ebony tip protruded and he held it toward the sky, observing the way it appeared to war with the daylight. It had a faint black glow as if it contained a sun, sucked dry of light, but still believing itself a star. It seemed to absorb energy, creating a shadow around itself and highlighting that inner dying radiance.
It was the same tool he used to create a prison for Hageth and Romel. By briefly touching the rock wall after causing the cave in, he changed the composition of the stone, turning it to its opposite. He saturated it with dark energy, the building block of this prized possession, the one thing he had taken from that world which had cost him all else.
Although not completely sure how this peculiar relic worked, he suspected it might be part of the root system of the grove, absorbing the dark energy and funneling it into the path. He hoped by using this fragment, he might disrupt the flow along the pathway to Yabler long enough to cause its collapse. If correct, he could sever the connection between Yabler and the rest of the Kingdom. Then he would be able to rule this world the way it deserved to be ruled.
He strode forward with some trepidation. Being this close to the path made his stomach clench. It was daunting to realize that at any moment a squadron of battle guards might storm through the hazy sheen, the only thing separating him from Mount Kol.
He examined the thick roots extending out from the base of the eastern tree, trying to trace one of the larger ones to a safe distance. He knew that if he tried to embed his spike too close, the energy levels would be too high and his precious tool could be destroyed. In fact, it might do that anywhere within kilocubits of this place. He looked at the shimmering screen and could see a mass of armed arella pouring through it. They were there, just on the other side, ready to march through. He sensed it in his bones. He had to try. There was no more time for theorizing or experimentation. It had to be now.
He placed the point into the soil, watching as black tendrils began to reach from the spot. He grasped a large stone with his free hand and held it aloft. This was crazy. If he did this he might be obliterated. And if he didn't, he would be captured. It was just a matter of time.
He brought the rock down with a mighty blow. The spike penetrated a hand span into the ground. He swung again and again and again until only the flattened end of the crystalline shaft was visible. He waited. Nothing happened. There was no sound except the thunder of his heart, crashing in his chest. Thump-thump, thump-thump.
And then the trees disappeared.

Chapter 27
Helel was not at the cafe when Gadreel arrived. There were many open tables and he chose one near the door so he could watch who came and went. aAcholins, the creature that had served he and his friends the last time they had come, approached his table.
'Gadreel, isn't it?' he asked.
' aAcholins, it is good to see you again. You possess a pretty amazing memory,' Gadreel answered, surprised.
'Your friend, Helel, told me you were coming. He is a regular guest here. Can I get you anything?'
'I would like a glass of yayin?'
'Technically we aren't supposed to serve yayin to students, but I will make an exception since you are such a good friend of Helel and Azazel.'
Gadreel was surprised and pleased his relationship with Helel came with added benefits. How had Helel managed to avoid the restriction placed on students? He assumed his friend often visited this place with Azazel, and it must be he who made the exception possible.
He took a deep drink of the burgundy beverage and closed his eyes as the warm sensation spread through his belly. If Ariel were less dogmatic, they could occasionally enjoy a glass together, but he was quite staunch in his criticism of those who chose to ignore what he saw as an important rule.
'I see you wasted no time getting started,' Helel laughed as he entered and collapsed in the chair opposite Gadreel. 'I'm glad you asked me to join you. We haven't had the chance to talk much lately. Your twin isn't joining us?'
'Ariel is meeting with Araton this evening, who, I believe, is trying to recruit him into the starherder program. Besides, I was hoping to discuss the meetings and Ariel isn't too keen on anything to do with Azazel.'
'Or me, I assume?' Helel offered.
Gadreel didn't get the chance to reply as aAcholins returned to check on them. Helel ordered food for both of them and a glass of passion water for himself.
'You aren't going to join me for a glass of yayin?'
'I don't really care for it. Anyone who enjoys it should be able to, but I don't have a taste for it myself. I'm glad to see you felt free enough to order it,' Helel said smiling.
'I guess I have Azazel to thank for that.'
'You would think that wouldn't you. Actually, Azazel likes to discuss free will more than he enjoys applying it.'
Gadreel looked up at Helel, surprised. He had never heard anyone besides Ariel speak of Azazel in any derogatory way. Even Gabriel, who often disagreed with Azazel's arguments, maintained an attitude of respect for their former trainer.
'Don't look so surprised, Gadreel. Azazel isn't some sort of deity. He is just another disgruntled angel, stuck teaching instead of out there working, who uses philosophical musings and slightly subversive tutoring sessions to compensate for his ineffectiveness. He isn't some revolutionary leader, merely a coward consumed by guilt.'
'What do you mean? What did he do?' Gadreel asked, incredulous.
'I'll save that for another time. I will just say this- Azazel puts on a good show, but he is playing games. The first time I ate here with him and ordered a glass of yayin, he nearly choked. He is fine, hiding away back at his estate, but get him out in public and he tows the line. You can sit here and enjoy a glass because of me, not Azazel. His little criticisms about the way things are done are just words. He will never stand on his supposed principals. Most accept his charade. Someday, I will tell you Azazel's real story, but I'm a little surprised you don't know. I am nearly certain Ariel discovered the truth. That is how he ended up as the top performer in Azazel's class. Our distinguished trainer was trying to buy his silence.'
Gadreel sat shocked. He would never of suspected Azazel had a dark secret to hide. And his best friend had hidden this information from him? For the first time he could remember, he was genuinely angry with Ariel.
'How do you know this? Did Azazel tell you?' asked Gadreel.
'Certainly not. Let's just say I found something that was hidden away very carefully. It didn't mention many names, but with a little digging and plucking I was able to uncover enough to fill in the missing pieces.'
Helel sat looking at Gadreel for a long moment. He seemed to hesitate before continuing.
'I'm sorry to be the one to tell you. I assumed Ariel would have discussed this with you. You two don't seem to have any secrets from each other. Don't be too angry with him. I'm not certain how he learned of it or what his reasons are for lying to you, but I'm sure he meant well. Raphael, the old bookworm, probably found the secret, locked away in the library somewhere, and told Ariel.'
aAcholins returned with their meals and Gadreel ordered another glass of yayin. They sat silently, eating, for several minutes. The food was delicious, but Gadreel barely noticed. His head was reeling with questions.
After they finished, Gadreel asked, 'Why do you continue to train with Azazel if he is a fraud?'
'Azazel is useful. He hasn't yet taught us all he knows. Plus, as students our influence is limited. Azazel is afraid his activities will be discovered and having that leverage over him gives power. As long as this information doesn't get out, Azazel provides us access. Besides, much of what Azazel teaches is correct. His problem is that he isn't strong enough to do anything more than talk. I like you, Gadreel. You have real talent. I have shared this with you because I trust you. I know that I can count on you to keep this to yourself, even from Ariel. You are going to be tempted to confront him, but I would ask you not to. Perhaps he will tell you himself at some point.'
Helel was right. He wanted to run home immediately and challenge Ariel with his betrayal, but he also understood this wouldn't serve his purposes. If Ariel admitted what he was hiding, he could use that information to push Gadreel to give up the meetings.
'I appreciate your honesty and I will keep this to myself. Is Gabriel aware of this?'
'No. Gabriel is a lot like Ariel in some ways. I will tell him at some point, but the time has not come.'
Gadreel paused, searching for the proper words. He waited until aAcholins placed a fresh glass of yayin on the table and departed before asking his question.
'Helel, what do you hope to gain from all of this?'
Before Helel could answer they were interrupted by the approach of an older angel who stood peering down at the pair with a disapproving countenance.
'Gadreel. Are you drinking yayin?' he asked.
Gadreel looked at the aura and saw this was Baphomet, a trainer at the academy. His stomach clenched and he looked away, ashamed he had been caught breaking the rules.
Helel stood and looked intently at the instructor, who seemed to notice Helel for the first time.
'He is with me,' Helel said defiantly.
Baphomet seemed startled and shifted his stance nervously. He looked quickly from Helel to Gadreel and back again. The angel, who had possessed such self-assurance just a moment before, suddenly seemed unsure of himself.
'Oh, Helel. Good to see you my friend. I didn't realize it was you. I'm sorry for the interruption,' and strode away, not looking back.
'That is what I hope to gain,' Helel answered.
'What just happened here? How did you do that? He is an instructor at the academy.'
'Gadreel, you are very talented and you are intelligent, but have a lot to learn. You must realize that most arella conceal secrets. When you learn those secrets, you are able to use the information to gather other secrets. And the more you possess, the easier it is to accomplish your goals. My mentor has shared many things about a host of angels and that knowledge is power.'
'Azazel?' Gadreel asked, confused.
'No, not Azazel. I have a different mentor than Azazel, one vastly superior to him.'
'And what are your goals, Helel?'
'The same as most. I want to be the very best angel I can be. However, even though everyone says that, few actually do anything to accomplish their goals. They are unwilling to act on their instincts. I am.'
'So, what is Baphomet's secret?'
'Here is the second rule. If you give away all of your secrets, they no longer are valuable, which is why you get no more information about Azazel or anyone else, for now,' he replied with a small grin. 'Now it is your turn, Gadreel. What did you hope for when you invited me to dinner?'
Gadreel told Helel of the doubts that came about from his attendance at his first meeting. He described the confusion that the argument between Gabriel and Azazel about free will caused him.
'Those questions are quite normal. Most of the arella in the Kingdom, if they were being honest, would say the same thing. The reason so many of us develop those doubts is due to free will not really being free. There are a number of rules that make no sense, but most are afraid to voice these opinions. You sit here drinking yayin, even though it is forbidden for students to do so. Why?'
'I guess I enjoy it and it seems like such an arbitrary dictum. What or who am I hurting by having an occasional drink?’
'Exactly. That is the type of rule I am talking about. The reason these rules exist is because nobody ever asks the question. Angels like Azazel gladly talk about these things behind closed doors, but if you asked him to attempt to change anything, he would give you a myriad of excuses why he is unable or unwilling to do so. If we truly possess free will, we should make these decisions ourselves.'
'Ariel says it is arrogant to assume that we can always ascertain what is best for ourselves.'
'And what do you think?'
'If there were some legitimate reason given, I could understand it. Why not tell us why certain things are prohibited? It seems we are just expected to accept these things, without question.'
'And is that free will?' Helel asked.
Gadreel sat pondering for a second before answering, 'I don't believe so.'
'And neither do I. But look. The Kings are not unreasonable. They are just unaware of some of these problems because no one talks about them. Ultimately, if we really want free will, someone will need to ask for it. Are you capable of doing that, Gadreel?'
He was surprised by the question and found himself unable to respond. The idea of going before the Kings and expressing any sort of discontent filled him with a sense of desperate apprehension. He looked at Helel and saw his friend studying him intently.
'Don't worry Gadreel. No one expects you to take on the responsibility. We are just a couple of friends discussing things. We were given minds to reason together. There is nothing wrong with a friendly discussion. You can wipe the terrified look off of your face.'
Over dessert, the two discussed a wide variety of topics related to their classes. Gadreel was amazed at the breadth of Helel's knowledge. He seemed to know more than most of their instructors.
'Helel, what are you going to do after you graduate? I don't seem to be able to come up with a concrete plan.'
'I am still working out my plans. There is time for the both of us to discover our purpose. I believe I have an important role to play in the universe and when the time comes, I won't hesitate. And I am going to need help. Perhaps we will work together.'
aAcholins came and cleared away the last dishes from the table. The light was fading as the two left the cafe and walked to their waiting chariots. Gadreel was relieved at having unburdened himself regarding his doubts. It was reassuring to find out he was not alone in struggling with these questions. They stood quietly together, staring at the distant eminence of Mount Kol. Even from this distance it was prominent and commanding. Gadreel felt small at the sight of it. He looked over at Helel and noticed no sign of insecurity. Helel seemed so regal, so composed and so prepared to take on any task that was laid before him. Perhaps he would work with Helel in the ages to come.
'Are you ready for the planetary adaptation module?' Helel asked.
'I suppose so. It sounds kind of dry.'
'That seems an accurate description, at least from what I have heard. Although, it should provide some valuable skills.'
'I'm sure it will,' Gadreel answered.
'We aren't supposed to know this, but I happen to have some useful information about the module.'
Gadreel looked at Helel expectantly.
'This coming week, we will be dropped at the animal sanctuary to undergo a series of exercises meant to help us learn adaptation skills. What they don't tell you is that during this excursion, you will receive your pair bond. It seems a bit silly to me, being paired with some beast, but the rationale is it will prepare us to care for lower life forms and to learn from them, although I can't fathom what they could possibly teach us.'
Gadreel was elated. He had anticipated the pair bonding experience since he had first heard of it. He loved animals and was jealous whenever he saw an arella walking through campus with their bonded animal.
Maintaining a passive face, he asked, 'Why do they keep it a secret from us?'
'To insure we are paired appropriately. They fear if we are told in advance, we will attempt to choose for ourselves, instead of allowing it to happen naturally. Another example of our free will, I guess,' Helel observed.
'Thanks for telling me,' Gadreel answered.
He extended his arm and prepared to take his leave. Helel turned and looked intently into his eyes.
'It is important to me that we trust each other,' Helel said. 'I believe loyalty and honesty are the most important traits a good friend can have.'

Chapter 28
The small yellow bird flew straight through the cloud formed by the explosion of water falling from high above. It reappeared on the other side and perched on a ledge, looking back at Ariel.
He looked at the turbulent water at his feet, plotting a path across the haphazard bridge formed by rocks that had fallen from the cliffs above. He placed a tentative foot on a flattish stone and allowed his forward progress to propel him, inches above the flowing torrent of the river. He stopped before a larger gap and judged the distance before leaping. As his sandal hit the boulder, he lost traction and lurched suddenly, causing him to slip to one knee before regaining his footing.
He paused and looked up anxiously for the small bird, but it had disappeared. He looked left and right and then, realizing his mistake, turned toward the thundering fall. It sat, still and miniature, studying him. The cool mist of the vapor enveloped him, causing small rivulets to drip down his forehead into his eyes. He drew a dirty hand across his brow and refocused on the precarious path before him.
'Follow your heart to find the treasure that you seek. Be bonded to your mission and your helper,' their trainer had instructed prior to dismissing them.
Was this what he had meant? Ariel wondered again if it had been a mistake to follow the bird. Perhaps the dream was clouding his judgment.
By its perch was, what appeared to be, the mouth of a small tunnel. Inexplicably, the yellow bird darted into the hole, disappearing from view. Ariel scrambled to the opening, but the darkness was impenetrable. A faint chirping, however, was discernible. He poked his head inside and looked around.
'Sssssss,' an ominous voice called.
'Hello,' he called into the murky interior, but met only silence.
The hole was just wide enough to allow his shoulders to pass through while kneeling. He pressed himself forward into the cave's mouth.
'Sssssss,' the sound came again, this time accompanied by the excited chirping of a bird.
Unable to see more than a cubit into the tunnel before him, he began crawling. Within a few seconds he was immersed in nearly suffocating darkness. He continued forward, relying on touch to negotiate the twisting tunnel. Occasionally, his path became blocked and he had to reach around for an opening. The tunnel swerved left and right, angled up and down, and still plunged on. At regular intervals, he heard the chirping bird or that strange sound of compressed air, but otherwise he moved ahead without any sensory input beyond the texture of the rock on his hands and knees.
Ariel didn't know how long he crawled through the passageway, but soon realized he was able to discern his surroundings. He didn't notice a source for the illumination. It appeared as if the light were just there, all around him. He picked up a loose stone and traced the faint lines and wrinkles that ran across the joints of his fingers, glowing in the stone's light. He held it closer following the subtle movement within, like clouds of fog dancing on the wind.
He realized the rock was radioactive and emitting its own light, giving the interior of the passage the soft glow which allowed him to more easily navigate. Ariel quickened his pace. As he journeyed deeper into the tunnel, the glow increased in intensity. He also noticed the warm movement of air against his face.
'Well that explains the noise I heard,' he muttered to himself, surprised by the ambient quality of his voice in the confined space.
The passageway was fringed with small clusters of moss and tough, woody plants that grabbed and pulled at his garments and hair. This bramble thickened and slowed his pace, as he repeatedly had to stop and untangle himself from gnarled ligneous fingers that grasped and clawed. He pushed through an especially dense patch of shrubbery. He struggled against its grip, pushing with great effort. Abruptly, he heard a ripping noise and pitched forward awkwardly. His hands shot out before him and landed on a slick, smooth surface.
The angle dropped sharply and he slipped on the steep slope. His chest landed against the wet slickness as his momentum increased. Within seconds he was sliding rapidly toward a luminous circle. His fingers sought a ridge, or an edge, anything to slow his progress, but they found none. He careened helplessly toward the growing and glowing hole.
As he passed through the radiant ring, his world spun in a dizzying kaleidoscope of light and dark. He was falling, tumbling head over feet, arms flailing as he tried to stabilize his fall. Ariel opened his mouth to scream, but the sound stuck in his throat. Gravity overtook inertia and his body stopped pinwheeling. He dropped like a stone toward a vast blackness below, highlighted by a radiance that encompassed everything but that emptiness.
Ariel gulped in air as he hit that tarry stillness. He was gripped with cold darkness and sucked down. The icy slap of the surface stunned him and left him momentarily motionless. He hung in the void, attempting to reorient himself. He became aware that he was rising at about the same moment his mind recognized the familiar sensation of water on his skin. Far above him the surface of the dark lake glowed.
With strong, eager strokes he swam toward the light. He broke into the warm air above and gulped it in. Wiping the water from his eyes, he looked around trying to make sense of where he was.
All around him was an iridescent canopy. It was a vast bubble of light interrupted by occasional shadows. The center of the dome was crowned with a small bright circle of pure, white light. This opening allowed a perfect cylindrical shaft of light to penetrate the dark, like a golden dagger from the heavens.
With eerie grace, a dark presence slid along the edge of the shaft and receded with incredible speed. Similar shapes were moving throughout what appeared to be a giant underground cavern. It was immense, big enough to contain the entire academy complex several times over. The walls glowed with an internal light that he recognized as identical to the tunnel he had passed through. Closer to the surface of the water were heavily branched trees that seemed to be growing right out of the water. They did not appear to have leaves, but were twisted and gnarled with bare branches creating intricate silhouettes against the luminous backdrop. He noticed one not too far distant and began swimming toward it.
The ominous screeching noise came again and he looked around, trying to discern its origin. As he swiveled his head back and forth, attempting to identify the source, his eyes caught a quick glint of yellow perched in the branches of a tree near the point where the shaft of sunlight hit the surface of the water.
He almost laughed at the sight of the small creature. He felt foolish and irritated that an impulsive decision to follow the bird had led him to this position. Ariel thought about the words of his instructor, 'Follow your heart to find the treasure that you seek. Be bonded to your mission and your helper.' At the moment that he had seen the bird, his heart told him to follow, but now he wasn't so sure.
The small golden bird seemed to be looking in his direction. What other choice was there at this point? He changed his course and began swimming toward the tree where the bird perched.
Ariel circled the tree, trying to find a branch within reach. He located the lowest one and stretched toward it, just brushing it with his fingertips. Frustrated, he tried again, just missing. Taking a different tact, he lowered himself beneath the water, then pushed down forcefully, propelling himself up out of the water. He reached  upward and grasped. His hand closed around the limb and he began pulling himself out of the lake.
Several cubits above him sat the little bird, perched unconcerned. Its small head darted around, reacting to the sounds echoing off the walls of the cavern. Its feathers were muted in the low light, but the color created a focal point against the monochromatic environment of the underground world that they occupied.
What was he supposed to do? He had followed his guide deep inside the mountain, fallen hundreds of cubits into the murky water and sat in a tree, trapped in a cavern with no discernible way out. The bird didn't seem concerned about his predicament. What now?
That screeching echoed again and his eyes picked out one of the swooping, shadowy figures rotating around the cavern, seeming to glide on the warm updrafts that rose toward the light. The shadow passed overhead he followed its rapid progress through the air. A subtle movement in the foreground caught Ariel's eye and he refocused on the canopy above. Something moved several cubits beyond the bird, staying close to the trunk.
He squinted, his eyes trying to make it out. The shadow glided along one of the larger limbs. A protrusion formed and stretched out toward the beam of light, becoming visible. The head of the serpent rotated and looked directly at the little yellow bird.
Suddenly, Ariel was in the dream, helpless as the mouth of the serpent crushed the life from the small golden body. He shuddered as the head of the large, black serpent began its descent toward the creature. Realization ignited his fury. This was not right. The little bird did not deserve this fate. He would not allow it!
He burst into action. Swinging his leg high, he pushed up and began climbing toward the bird. He let out a yell hoping to scare it away, but it just looked at him as he ascended toward it. The serpent had a sizable advantage and increased its pace, seeming to sense Ariel's intent.
Frantically he scaled the branches, disregarding abrasions and bumps in his hurry to save his little guide. He scrambled quickly and erased the advantage that his adversary held. He kept his eyes focused above as his hands and feet plotted a frenetic route up the tree. As he closed in on the bird's perch, the open mouth of the serpent rose up, fangs sharp and menacing in the half-light. Ariel reached out desperately in front of the bird. A stab of pain burst on through him as the serpents mouth closed around his exposed forearm. The bird, sensing its danger, flitted away and ascended toward the light.
Ariel turned his attention to his inflamed arm, where silvery drops of his blood dripped around the edges of the serpent's engorged mouth. The snake's body began twining around Ariel's extended arm. He grabbed at it with his free hand, trying to pull it loose. The heavy black body released its hold on the tree and dropped across Ariel's face, throwing off his balance. He fell, once more, crashing through branches. As the two hit the water, the pressure that held his arm disappeared and he was able to swim. He stroked back toward the tree, feeling a leathery body brush against his leg.
Near the trunk of the tree, he dove, knowing that he would have to time things perfectly. He opened his eyes under the surface and located the limb. He thrust, reaching up just as he crested the water and catching the woody hold. Before he could pull his legs from the water, a weight seized one thigh. With a sudden constriction, the serpent had him and his hand slipped off of the branch, pulling him under.
In the darkness, the beast encircled his waist and rolled, coiling itself up his body. He fought furiously as the powerful force of the constricting body slid around his throat. With a sickening stab, the fangs entered under his chin and above his cheek.
He thrashed about, grasping for anything to hold. He was spun over and over, arms flung out above the water. 'Help,' he thought. A vice-like grip suddenly grasped his wrist, arresting the spinning. Both he and the serpent were jerked upward, out of the lake. He found its neck and squeezed with all his might. The jaws slackened and let go. He continued to exert pressure on the beast, as the coil that held his body relaxed. Soon the immense snake hung limp in his hand. He released and watched it fall to the water below.
Ariel looked up at the talons that gripped his wrist, pulling him upward toward the shaft of light. As he caught sight of the sharp beak outlined against the blue sky, his hold on consciousness slipped and he slid into darkness.
'I am proud of you, Ariel,' the voice said.
'Proud of me?'
'You have fulfilled your mission and shown your mettle. There is a time coming when you will be tested. Your quest today was meant to help prepare you for that time. I will need your strength of will and character.'
'Was I supposed to follow the bird?'
'You must trust your instincts. I give you those. And they led you to protect the weak and innocent. That is the greatest treasure in the universe. A spirit of bravery and strength, willing to risk all for another; that is more precious than anything. That is your mission, Ariel. I need you for that mission.'
'I don't understand.'
'You will.'
'But what about the helper?'
The light came in a sudden rush. Ariel's eyes shot open. For a second all that he could see was the overwhelming light. Slowly, his vision returned and the strong beak outline was again silhouetted against the sky. But they weren't moving. The snowy, feathered head swiveled and a deep purring sound vibrated its chest as the animal nestled against his side familiarly.
He immediately knew and loved this creature. This was Shadow, his pair bond.
'I've never known of anyone being bonded with a griffin,' he laughed as he stroked the soft fur of its back.

Chapter 29
The group stopped just before the entrance to the grove, arranged in five lines of five, spaced a single arm span apart. They turned in unison to face their commander, who followed alongside Barman. Each wore an expression of serious and resolute professionalism. Barman knew that he had to give them more information than he had, before he could expect them to step through the gateway.
'Brothers, I want you to understand what you are up against on this mission. We are after an individual more violent than any you have ever known. He is a desperate fugitive who is stronger than you, has knowledge of things that you probably don't know exist and is not constrained by ethics or conscience. I did not realize how dangerous he was until some of my best operatives were seriously injured while in pursuit of him. This criminal has committed all manner of atrocities, including murder.'
Though the expressions in the audience changed little, their eyes showed that they understood and were prepared to face this danger. He looked at Metron and saw that, he too, stood ready to serve.
'Metron will give you your tactical orders. I have information that our fugitive is here. We have tried to contact the representatives on Yabler and can't reach them. I assume they and the planet's inhabitants are in danger,' Barman said and motioned for the captain to step forward.
'You know and understand the rules. We secure the perimeter of the grove first. No one breaks formation. We have brothers on that world and an entire native population is depending on us to get this right. We move with caution and as a team.'
He pulled out a small hand array and used it to project the auragraphic signature of the fugitive.
'First priority- your safety. Second- keep the natives safe. Third- rescue our brothers. Fourth- secure the target. No one takes risks. We go through on my command.'
As Metron gave the signal, Barman noticed that the trees suddenly flickered. For a moment they seemed to vanish, as if they were some hologram being switched off and on in rapid succession. He was about to call a halt, but the first line had passed onto the path. Row by row they disappeared in front of him. Finally, he and Metron walked through the screen.
He felt the tingle on his skin and the sensation of free fall. His foot reached out expectantly, seeking that first solid step onto land, but it wasn't there. His stomach lurched violently. He was falling into a blinding light. He clenched his jaw tight to keep from screaming.
 
'I did it!' he yelled, causing a massive winged exodus from the surrounding branches.
He had theorized and hoped, but scarcely believed it had worked. That simple tool had freed him of the constraints of the Kingdom. He was liberated, able to craft this world any way that he chose, with no directives or prohibitions.
He would help turn this backward little planet into an empowered and developed gem. He would teach the natives to use technology to improve their lives and show them how to make proper use of their resources. He would unite the tribes, develop trade and transportation, foster learning and creativity. These creatures could finally have the chance at a real life. They would worship him as a god.
Of course there was always the danger that the Kings would attempt to reacquire the planet. He would need defenses and the total loyalty of the natives and a better means of harnessing the dark energy. And there were his arellian prisoners. He would either have to find a way to insure their obedience, or get rid of them. It might be possible to use the spire to do one or the other, but that issue could wait. There was so much to do. He turned and started away.
Screams of terror stopped him in his tracks. He spun around and his heart froze. The trees were there, just as if they had always been. Rows of battle guards tumbled to the ground before the gateway in a tangle of weapons and limbs. They looked dazed and frightened. As one group started to rise, another row fell out of the path on top of them. Then he spotted Barman, tight jawed and stumbling, eyes focused on him.
'There he is,' Barman yelled.
The panic that gripped him melted in an explosion of rage. He charged, bending to grasp the hilt of the black spire and yanking it from the ground.
'I will destroy you all!' he screamed, sprinting toward the confused heap of arella, dark shaft held aloft like a lance.
In a brief instant, the jumble of bodies transformed into a disciplined formation. It happened so fast that Barman hardly registered it. They moved as if they were parts of one creature. The squad closed on the enraged fugitive, splitting neatly into a V-pattern, like jaws opening to devour.
As the gap narrowed the group stopped and, as one, raised their shields. As before, they fused, creating a wedge that the dangerous arella sprinted into. As the outer edges pivoted to close the box around him, the spire collided with the shield wall.
A flash of white, hot light swept across the field, followed by a rolling concussion that sent everyone tumbling away from the impact. Barman watched, with horror, as bodies flew through the air. Then the wave hit him and he too was shoved backward, crashing to the ground beside where Metron crouched, absorbing the force.
For a moment he could see nothing but pale yellow. His ears rung and his eyes were sticky and dry. The air blew hot across his skin and he was strangely weak, as if something had drained him. As his vision cleared he saw Metron charging toward the writhing bodies.
Barman stumbled to his feet and followed awkwardly. Others around the field were rising. He scanned the scene, searching for their target. He couldn't see him. He started running down the hill, panic beginning to rise in his stomach. Had he been outmaneuvered again? He spotted a blackened depression in the earth, where the explosion had occurred. He slowed and walked to the edge, looking in to the charred bowl. At the bottom lay the fugitive, not moving.
He turned and watched Metron completing a check of his arella, who gave him a signal that everyone was fine. The shields had obviously done their jobs. Where had they gone? He looked around, aware that not a single silver rectangle was visible. A number of swords lay scattered on the ground, but far fewer than there should have been. He peered back into the pit. No sign of the stick he'd been carrying.
Barman knelt beside the fugitive and grasped each wrist, securing restraints on both. As the manacle bonds fused together, the captured prisoner’s eyes opened and he screamed.
‘Nooooo!'

Chapter 30
Gabriel arrived on time, as usual, and strode into the suite, stopping to allow the animal to smell his hand before seating himself and rubbing the large sabre-tooth's ears. The enormous cat rolled to one side to give Gabriel access to his belly, which the telmid dutifully began scratching.
'You must be Fang,' he said, still briskly massaging white fur on the cat's abdomen.
'I'll be ready in just a minute,' Gadreel yelled from the next room as he rummaged loudly through a drawer.
'Does your new friend like living here?' Gabriel called back.
'Fang thinks he owns the place. But he can come and go when he wants to. He really seems to enjoy his time here though,' Gadreel said, walking into the room. 'I'm ready to go.'
'I need to make a quick detour, if you don't mind,' Gabriel said as they boarded the chariot.
They turned south, maintaining a low elevation and following the course of the river toward the central city. The lowest, outermost buildings came into view, framed against the vast structures dominating the skyline of the inner parts of the city. On the outskirts, they descended and landed smoothly on one of the thoroughfares that dissected the city into its symmetrical grid. They passed a large, square park remarkable for its trees, which were angular and looked to be composed of some sort of bluish gemstone. The light refracted off of the limbs and the wind caused the perfectly triangular leaves to emit a soft, tinkling sound.
They stopped on the corner, adjacent to one of the city's block-wide structures. Its composition was an interesting mixture of smoky glass and polished metal. Enormous silver spikes stretched upward toward the sky, encompassed by circular, metallic bands holding plates of flawless, thin crystal. The building resembled a series of slender tubes clustered in a tall, honeycomb pattern towering over the street where they parked.
'Do you want to come?'
'No, Gabe. I'll wait here if you don't mind.'
'I'll just be a minute. I have to drop something off,' he said, patting the satchel hung from his shoulder.
Gadreel wandered over to one of the benches abutting the building's exterior. He settled himself and closed his eyes, enjoying the warm breeze on his skin. He listened to the jostling murmur of the city. Voices called out, hooves clattered on the paving stones, birds chirped. He sat, relaxing, letting himself absorb the sounds.
'Gadreel,' a voice interjected, causing him to jump.
Although he did not recognize the face, he knew the name- Barman. The aura surrounding him indicated he was a Seraphim. Beyond that he was unfamiliar with this angel.
'I understand you are probably the finest bocketeer in the kingdom,' the stranger said.
'I don't know about that, but I do enjoy playing. Have we met before?' he asked.
'No. I haven't had the pleasure, but I have heard of you. You have made quite a name for yourself,' Barman replied.
'It is nice to meet you,' he said, uncomfortable under the other's penetrating gaze.
'Are your classes going well?' Barman asked.
'Great. We just completed our first field exercise in planetary adaptation and received our pair bond.'
'Wonderful. Let me guess, some sort of big cat?' he looked expectantly, and then nodded to himself as if Gadreel had confirmed something.
His new acquaintance abruptly changed the subject.
'Do you know Trainer Azazel? Were you one of his students?'
'Yes,' answered Gadreel, now fully uncomfortable. 'Why do you ask?'
The older arella grasped his forearm and held it with an extremely firm grip. 'I am a friend and I would ask you to be careful. Some things that seem innocent are less so than you might be aware. Please, don't be reckless!'
Just as suddenly as he had appeared, the angel turned and walked into the building, nearly colliding with Gabriel as he passed through the main doors.
On the way to Azazel's estate, Gadreel wondered about what had just happened. Was he being watched? Why was he being warned? Perhaps the meetings weren't so secret after all. The idea made him nervous. He looked at Gabriel, wondering if he should bring up the matter with his friend.
Before he had the opportunity, Gabriel asked, 'How do you feel about the manipulation skills Azazel has been teaching?'
'It's tough for me to say. I've never had to deal with any species on a remote world. It would be pretty frustrating if a lesser life form was unwilling to take advice meant for its benefit, and if that stubbornness was going to lead to it placing itself in danger, wouldn't it make sense for us to use all means possible to convince it?'
'Yes, Gadreel. I've heard Azazel's rationale for teaching the skill, but do you believe it is advisable?'
'I honestly don't see the harm in knowing how to perform the skill. If it isn't needed, it won't be used. Besides, we never actually attempt to use most of what we learn. It is all mainly philosophical.'
'I suppose that is true. At least he doesn't have us trying to manipulate or possess each other.'
They fell into silence as they neared the estate. Gadreel found himself glancing around, attempting detect any unknown visitors. He and Ariel had spied on these meetings. Was it possible others were as well?
Helel met them as they entered the hall. He greeted Gabriel and steered Gadreel to an alcove just below the main staircase. His eyes glinted and he seemed excited.
'I'm glad you came tonight. I think that this is going to be a memorable lesson.'
'Good to see you, Helel.'
'I heard an interesting story about your other half. Has he told you about his experience at the animal habitat?'
'Yes. It is remarkable, but how did you hear about it?'
Helel ignored the question and continued, 'So, it is true. He was bonded with a griffin, which is unusual. They are very reclusive and live in a giant cavern under the ground?'
'Ariel told me. But why are you so interested?'
'Why would someone who gets attacked not attempt to use any of the protection skills we are taught?'
'I asked him about that. He said the instructions he received made no mention of using those skills. I told him that given the circumstances, I didn't think he needed permission.'
'Exactly. I wonder about your friend,' Helel said.
They were interrupted as Azazel descended the stairs and clapped his hands loudly to get everyone's attention. He stood above the assembled group dressed in a flowing yellow robe, adorned with thick silver embroidery. He looked tired, somehow, but his voice sounded firm as he spoke.
'I had a visitor today. It seems some of the other instructors at the academy are uncomfortable with our little meetings. Apparently they have received reports from unidentified sources that we are involved in subversive activities,' he snorted derisively as his eyes scanned the room, almost accusatory.
Helel stepped to the bottom of the stairs and spoke, 'I was under the impression that what we are doing here is our right by means of our free will.'
Azazel glanced down at Helel. He quickly looked away and addressed the room, 'Helel is correct, of course. We are well within our rights to meet and discuss the ideas we have been exploring. And we will continue to do so. However, given the concerns of some of my colleagues, it might be unwise to keep practicing some of the applications we have been working on. Some argue that these practice sessions go beyond mere intellectual discussion and could lead some of the more impressionable to overstep what is allowed.'
Helel navigated two stairs with one long step and interrupted, 'I'm sorry sir. But didn't you tell us during a recent meeting that those who wish to interfere with the free will of others are tyrannical and traitors of the Kingdom and the Kings themselves? Are you now suggesting we bow down to the wishes of our enemies? Don't we owe enough allegiance to the Kings to stand up for what they have given to each of us?'
'Helel, I am saying no such thing. What I said is true. And I am not saying we should quit meeting. I am merely altering the format of these gatherings. Most of what we practice has no real practical value. Those skills are just a means of exploring what is more important- the questioning of accepted truths in the pursuit of the ability to reason critically.'
With a quick leap Helel climbed two more steps, bringing him within arms reach of Azazel. The trainer looked at him nervously and opened his mouth to continue, but Helel interrupted.
'I'm sorry to disagree, but I believe the skills themselves are just as important and I would argue that if anything, we aren't doing enough with our practice sessions.'
He turned toward the group below and addressed them with a steady, earnest voice, 'A good friend of mine was quite close to serious injury just the other day due to our lack of preparation in utilizing the skills the academy spends so much time trying, albeit ineffectually, to teach us.'
He waved his hand above his head to still the muted conversation that started below.
'Some of you are aware of the incident I am referring to. I will not go into all of the details, but so everyone understands the importance of this issue, let me say this...' He paused and looked around the room before continuing. 'My dear friend was placed, by the trainers at the academy, in a very dangerous situation and never considered utilizing the defenses he has been trained in. Why? Because we are taught these skills as some kind of game, rather than a serious endeavor. We play around with our abilities, but don't utilize them in any real way. And the result is the type of accident we had the other day.'
Murmuring voices returned in earnest. Azazel stood with gaped mouth staring at Helel, obviously surprised. Gadreel understood his instructor's surprise. Helel was publicly contradicting Azazel and using Ariel's story to do so. He hated to think of Ariel's reaction to being used in this manner.
'I am not sure what incident you are referring to, but you must be mistaken. No students would be allowed to engage in dangerous activities while under the supervision of the academy,' Azazel said weakly.
'If you were leading the exercise, that would be true. But you yourself just told us of instructors at the academy who are acting in a way contrary to the will of the Kings. There are those who feel they are above the ideals our Kingdom is founded on. That is why we are all here. We understand that the principle of free will is the basis of our government, and yet, some factions wish to take it away. And if we allow them to do so, it would be abandoning our ideals and our friends,' Helel said and gave Azazel a penetrating look.
Gadreel watched as Azazel seemed to whither before Helel's stare. As surprised as Helel's revelation about their trainer had been, it was nothing compared to the shock of watching him undermine Azazel before their eyes. The entire room waited expectantly for Azazel to argue, but he stood dumbly before them.
'We all owe Azazel our gratitude. He has selected us, given us special instruction, and taught us to reason for ourselves. And now we see just how important that is. This Kingdom faces a threat we alone are in a position to deal with. I'm sure he will agree with me when I tell you that the time for playing is over. We need to make our new skills practical. I propose we actually begin training to use those skills.'
Helel went on to map out, in some detail, the changes he envisioned for their meetings. Gadreel was in awe at the force of Helel's arguments and the excitement he generated. He detailed specific exercises, with groups competing against each other to accomplish certain goals. He assured them it was possible to safely train so that no one would get hurt, while making their use of the skills second nature.
'We cannot allow what happened to my friend to happen to us. When we are placed on assignment on remote planets, we won't have time to analyze how to react. Rather, our reactions need to be instant and decisive. By applying a new training regimen, we will be ready for service on other worlds, or in defense of the Kingdom if necessary.'
Gadreel watched Gabriel step forward to speak.
'Helel. You are aware of how much I respect you. However, what you are proposing sounds a bit like some sort of military exercise to me.'
Helel glanced down at his friend and smiled. 'My friend, nothing could be further from the truth. I am speaking of defensive maneuvers, not offensive ones. We will learn to protect, not destroy. However, I understand your concern. And of course, anyone who is not comfortable with what I am proposing is free to leave our group,' he said while looking around the room expectantly.
He was met with silence. Gabriel continued to stare up at him, but did not speak. No one else said a word. Helel turned his attention to Azazel, who also stood quietly.
He again addressed the group, 'Azazel and I would like to begin implementing our new program at our next meeting. And, of course, we welcome any input or ideas any of you might have.'
He gestured toward Gabriel. 'As many of you know, Gabriel and I serve in the throne room itself. We were selected as covering Cherubim and have direct access to the Kings. I can assure each and every one of you we will be monitoring the activities of those who would circumvent the will of the Kings, even those who are in authority. If we see a viable threat to the Kingdom, we will certainly take the matter before them.'
The chamber was quiet for a long moment. Gadreel looked around at the still faces of the group. He could see several heads nodding. A sharp sound from the back of the room shattered the stillness. One pair of hands came together with a sudden crack. The initial beat was picked up by another, and another, and another. Within seconds, the room was alive with the energetic thunder of agreement. Looking down, he saw his own hands moving in parody. His eyes sought and found Gabriel standing motionless, looking confused. Their eyes met for a brief second. His hands faltered briefly, then resumed their motion, echoing the din around him. He looked away from Gabriel and found Helel, who now stood beside Azazel, smiling broadly at the congregation.

Chapter 31
The dark earth was warm and moist between his fingers. Ariel plunged his hands deeper into the soil, enjoying the sensation. It was good to work. His muscles strained against the rock as he pulled it free, adding it to the growing pile beside him. He stood to ease the pressure on his back and surveyed his progress.
He was working at the Lion's Den, the Aralim estate bocket course. The complex's overseer had decided to modify the fifth path in order to make it a bit more difficult. Although he wasn't sure he agreed with the decision, he did enjoy the work. He had removed most of the retaining wall and would remove several cubits of soil to narrow the flat to the outlined specifications.
A trio of passing arella gave him odd looks as he worked. He understood their attitude. It was more difficult to use his hands to pull out the heavy rocks, but there was something he enjoyed about working with his muscles, rather than the elements. However, it would be no fun to manually remove the dirt. He backed away and focused on the line he had marked on the grassy surface to define the new edge of the flat.
He picked up a small amount of dirt and mixed it with the airflow he bonded, using the combination to create a razor thin, dense knife of air the dusting of earth made visible. After modifying his tool to the proper dimensions, he pushed it down into the ground, forcibly, until it reached the correct depth. He then creased the wedge and drove it at a ninety degree angle. He continued pushing until bubbles emerged at the water's edge, then lifted.
The slab of earth rose into the air. The left and bottom edges were straight and came together at what was, roughly, a right angle. Satisfied, he moved the section of ground above a nearby cart and dissolved the bonds. The dirt dropped into the container creating a cloud of dust.
Using air pressure, he pushed the water out of the excavated site. The soil was muddy, but exposed and ready for the new retaining wall. He placed a pile of argon chips on the ground and began moving rocks, this time without his hands. He worked with one rock at a time, trying to match size and curvature. Although they were all approximately square, he was careful to select blocks that fit snugly, which he fused together by pulling heat from the radiant chips.  Within an hour, a solid wall stood, some three cubits from where it had been. Releasing the water produced a boiling hiss, as it contacted the still hot bulwark. He stepped back and smiled at his work.
He saw a figure approaching he assumed to be Gadreel, who was supposed to meet him for a round of bocket. His friend was attending an informational forum on careers in planetary relations. Gadreel was interested in working as a political emissary and wanted to get additional information about the field. However, another friend approached him through the slender tree trunks.
'You are quite difficult to find out here,' the familiar voice called.
'Raphael. It's been an eon. What are you doing out here?'
'I came to see you. And by the looks of it, I'm not a moment too soon. Were you buried alive?'
Ariel looked down at his clothes and filthy hands and smirked.
'As a matter of fact, I just finished attempting to infiltrate a gopher colony. I would greet you properly, but you look so clean and tidy.'
Raphael just laughed and grabbed Ariel in a tight embrace, paying no attention to the dirt and grime. Ariel showed his old housemate the project he had completed and explained how it would affect the difficulty of play.
'I never understood why you and Gadreel were so passionate about this game, but I see your ardor is alive and well.'
The two old friends wandered back along the path and shared news about their lives. Ariel learned Raphael was splitting time between the chemistry and thermodynamics departments, conducting research Ariel didn't begin to understand. He had decided that upon graduation, he was going to remain in the city to work as a researcher.
'I, unfortunately, can't stay long, Ariel. I need to get back to the lab to assist with an experiment mapping heat conductivity in some composite metals, but I needed to talk to you.'
'What is it?' Ariel asked curiously.
'I am concerned for you.'
'For me? Why?'
'Do you recall the kick you made to win the bocket championship? Of course you do. And you remember that afterward there was a rumor going around claiming you cheated. It is common knowledge you were cleared and, of course, I know you would never do such a thing. But it seems there are others who were not convinced, as the rumor seems to have resurfaced. And it is now being used to explain another troubling rumor- that you used some sort of energy blast to kill a serpent at the animal habitat.'
'Where did you hear that?' Ariel replied with shock.
'I was in the lab the other day, working on this new organic polymer. Two trainers were in an adjoining workspace conducting their own research. I wasn't trying to listen to their conversation, but our spaces are joined by a shared exhaust system and their voices carried so loudly through the ducts, I couldn't help but overhear.'
'Trainers at the school were saying I cheated and killed an animal?'
'Yes. They were talking about a debate many of the faculty are having regarding how we should be taught. One of the instructors related a story about you. He mentioned the bocket incident to validate the rumor.'
Ariel stood motionless, completely stunned. It seemed like the serpent in question had managed to get hold of him all over again and was squeezing him in its vice-like grip. He had told only Gadreel about his experience at the habitat. With everyone else he had been evasive. Gadreel wouldn't have started such a rumor, but who else would connect fact with fiction in this way?
'I'm stunned,' he said.
'I'm sure. Of course the story is an utter fabrication. I just needed to make you aware it was going around. No one who knows you would believe this, but it was troubling, to me that trainers were talking about it. I actually confronted them on it. Needless to say, they weren't pleased with me and wouldn't tell me where it came from,' Raphael said.
'I am thankful, but you shouldn't get yourself in trouble on my account. You said there is some sort of debate going around. What are the trainers debating?'
'Some faculty members argue we need to offer more practical application as part of our training and to eliminate some of the restrictions currently in place. I can't say for certain, but I suspect it might be related to the meetings you spoke with me about. It seems it is not just Azazel conducting the trainings. There are now a large number of angels participating, at least according to the rumors.'
'Gadreel never told me that,' Ariel mused aloud.
'Than perhaps it isn't true. I tend to doubt all gossip as a rule. Unfortunately, due to the fact I spend so much time working on campus, I am subjected to loose talk.'
'Raphael, I'm concerned. I had an episode with a snake while at the animal habitat. I didn't use an energy bolt to kill it, but I did choke it and might have injured it, but I was defending myself.'
'You were attacked by a serpent?' Raphael said incredulously.
'I was as shocked as you. But I told no one about it, except Gadreel. I don't understand how anyone else could have concocted something so similar to my attack, but containing such blatant falsehood. Is it in any way possible Gadreel might make up such a story?'
'Not for a second. Gadreel loves you. You two are the twins. He would never do anything to hurt you. I'm a little surprised you entertaining such thoughts.'
'You're right. I feel guilty even saying those words, but things have been a bit strained between us lately.'
'Still, there is no way he would do such a thing. It's more like that either he told someone else, or someone saw your attack, or perhaps instigated it. It's pretty incredible that a serpent would attack an arella, unless you were threatening its young?'
Ariel shook his head. What Raphael said was true. His friend would never intentionally hurt him. He would ask Gadreel if he had told anyone else about the incident. If not, someone else had been present in the cavern.
He resisted the impulse to pin this on Helel. Following Ariel into the cavern would have been impossible and he would have no real hope of injuring him. The Kings would never allow it. He wasn't even sure the incident had been real. He believed it was more likely some sort of psychic training. After the attack he had no marks on his arm or face where the serpent had bitten him.
Raphael interrupted his thoughts, 'Is it true you were pair bonded with a griffin?'
‘Yes. His name is Shadow and he saved me during my attack at the habitat,' he answered.
'I didn't know it was possible to get paired with one. I heard they are incredibly solitary creatures.'
'Actually they live in colonies, deep in caves. They do tend to keep to their own kind, however. I have done quite a bit of research on them, as you can imagine. There are other arella bonded with griffins, but you are right in saying it is rare.'
'So, what is it like having one as your bond?'
'She doesn't live at the estate with me. They are not akin to a cat or a bird, even though they look to be a combination of both. He stays mainly out of sight, but is usually around. I can sense his presence and he can feel mine. He's here now. Do you want to see him?'
'Of course I do,' answered Raphael enthusiastically.
Ariel gave two loud whistles and waited. He looked around as if trying to decide on a direction.
'He's shy around strangers.' He whistled again.
A piercing shriek filled the air, seemingly on top of them. Shadow appeared seconds later, swooping in over the trees. He landed on an upper branch of a nearby deciduous and shook his feathered head, as if indicating his desire to come no closer. Ariel stepped a few feet away from Raphael and whistled again. Shadow sat stubbornly for a second before taking flight and landing on the opposite side of his pair bond.
Ariel walked over to Shadow and rubbed his head while whispering quietly to the griffin. He gestured for Raphael to approach.
'It just takes him a minute to relax around strangers. He's getting better. It took him several attempts before he would let Gadreel come this close to him. And Gadreel's cat, Fang, still frightens him off every time he approaches.’
Ariel reached into his pocket and pulled out a handful of nuts and opened his hand. The griffin began picking up the little treats, one at a time, careful not to pinch Ariel with his great, hooked beak. The beast’s chest rumbled contentedly, sounding not much different from a common cat. It stood nearly to shoulder high and seemed incredibly powerful. Its head resembled that of a snowy crowned eagle, but the tufts of feather on top were almost owl-like. Its upper body was birdlike, with front legs ending in yellow talons. Beautiful ivory wings partially hid its back half, which was covered in a pale tan fur. The lower portion seemed like a panther with a long, golden tail wrapped around hind paws equipped with razor sharp claws. It was both spectacular and menacing to behold.
'Can I touch him?' Raphael asked.
'You can try. He gets pretty skittish, but if you move slowly, perhaps he will stick around. So far only Gadreel and myself have been able to.'
Raphael advanced with hand extended. He whispered quietly, as he had seen Ariel do and never took his eyes off of those of the griffin, who watched him approach. Several times it twitched, seeming ready to flee, but gentle whispers from Ariel seemed to calm it. Shadow opened her mouth slightly, causing Raphael to freeze less than a cubit away. The beak closed and Raphael inched forward again. Neither of them spoke and the scene grew quiet as the animal's purring stopped. With a tense hand, Raphael reached out to touch the griffin's head.
A loud snarl shattered the stillness. With one powerful stroke, Shadow shot up into the air and over the treetops. The cry came again and Ariel was suddenly hit from behind by a mountain of fur.
He was knocked onto the grass and pinned beneath Fang, Gadreel's pair bond. He struggled to push the weight of the enormous cat off of him, but gave up, sputtering, as the sabre-tooth started caressing his face with its rough, black tongue.
'Get off of him Fang. He's learned his lesson,' Gadreel ordered, laughing.
'Raphy. Great to see you old friend. Did Ariel finally manage to convince you to take up bocket?'
'He's been trying. I don't think I'm quite a believer, yet. You look well, Gadreel.'
'I feel wonderful and I've figured out what I want to specialize in. It is obvious that I have the winning personality, wit, and good looks to be a planetary emissary.'
'I'm not sure about the good looks, but being an emissary does seem a good fit. I'm excited for you, my friend,' Ariel said and grasped Gadreel in a hug.
'Hold on there. My clothes are clean. What in the world happened to you?' Gadreel said while backing away.
Ariel proceeded to relate his recent experiences, including the rumors being spread. Raphael added more detail and answered some of the related questions. Gadreel expressed his shock and anger that such things were being said about his friend.
'So who else knew about what happened in the cavern?' Gadreel asked.
'Just you. I didn't give specifics to anyone else.'
'I hope you know that I didn't spread this rumor.'
'Of course,' Ariel answered. 'Did you tell anyone?'
'Only Gabriel. And he wouldn't do this.'
'You didn't tell Helel?' Ariel asked.
'I did talk to Helel about it, but he was the one who brought it up. He knew as much, if not more, than I did,' Gadreel said.
Gadreel saw by the look on Ariel's face his friend believed him. He felt a pang of guilt about withholding how the story had been used to garner support for modifying their training, although nothing Helel had said would point to Ariel being the subject of the story.
'As great as it is to see both of you, I must get back to the academy. I have a ton of work left to do,' Raphael said before embracing each of them and departing.
'We'll figure this thing out, Ariel,' Gadreel offered as their old housemate strode away. 'Perhaps a quick round of bocket will stimulate our reasoning and help us find our answer. If not, at least we get to play.'

Chapter 32
Maleyan walked down the marble hallway between four guards, one fore and aft and one on each side. The precise footfalls of his escorts echoed down the corridor in a fixed rhythm. He realized he had fallen into step with them and paused just long enough to allow his stride to alter, creating discordance.
They were, of course, Seraphim, under Barman's command, but he could not distinguish their auras. In fact, he had been unable to see any other angel since returning, in restraints, to the Eternal City. It was a terrifying new reality of his life as a prisoner.
The passageway terminated at a pair of golden doors, which swung open as they approached, spilling light at their feet. The guard leading their procession broke sharply right and he continued alone, suddenly unaccompanied, into the circular chamber. There, seated at a simple glass table, was Quemel.
Their eyes met and held. He instinctively tried to reach out to his oldest friend and mentor, but found he couldn't read him or his thoughts. Like his auragraphic perceptions, this ability was no longer available. He was no more aware than a mere telmid and felt just as helpless.
Maleyan took the open seat opposite Quemel. His friend hadn't changed. There was no depreciation in that confidant gaze, no look of resolution on his angular face. In fact, he looked strangely contented.
Quemel's hands rose slightly above the surface of the table, fingers waving almost imperceptibly. I have a way out of this. I have an army ready to free us and the Kingdom.
Maleyan looked around the room, noticing that they were not alone. Barman and Hasdiel, the celestial scribe, were whispering nearby. They hadn't detected the signals. Even if they had, he realized, they would be unable to decipher the message.
He remembered how insistent Quemel had been, back on Apenia, that they create a secret means of communication not dependent on psycophonics. It had seemed, at the time, like a paranoid requirement. Now, he was thankful for his mentor's intuition.
Quemel's hands moved again. Remain silent. No exceptions. Remain silent. Maleyan sighed and signaled his obedience. It was a relief to follow orders again.
Barman and Hasdiel turned and approached the table.
'We are here today to address a horrible crime. Quemel and Maleyan, you are charged with the murder of Bol, a native under your charge during your tenure on Apenia. You are charged with conspiracy to undermine the Kings and their laws. Maleyan, you are further charged with the murder of Eltoth, Sitter of the High Council of the Yolenes on the planet of Yabler. And also with an attack on the rightful representatives of that world.'
Barman finished relaying the charges and turned to Quemel.
'Quemel, of Choir Cherubim, how do you respond to the charges against you?'
Maleyan looked at his old friend whose eyes starred straight into his own, resolute and determined. A long moment of silence hung in the chamber.
Finally, Hasdiel placed a titrane volume on the table and began writing. When he finished, Barman turned and addressed Maleyan.
'Maleyan, of Choir Cherubim, how do you respond to the charges against you?'
He looked back at Quemel, reading the warning and accusation in those eyes. Fingers moved deliberately. Be strong! He clenched his jaw and starred at his own hands as he duplicated the sign.
'Very well. You are committed to your obstinacy and treachery and there is no grace left for you. You are hereby sentenced to death. You are no longer worthy of the title of angel. Your names shall forever be attached to your heinous crimes and that damnation is yours forever. You are a bane and a curse, demons, harbingers of sorrow and woe. You will be consumed in the purifying fire of judgment one week hence. Celestial scribe, please make record of this proceeding. From this day forth, you will be permitted to speak with no citizen of the Kingdom. Take a few minutes to say your goodbyes to each other. They will be your last words to anyone.'
Hasdiel completed his annotations and closed his book with an ominous clap. Together, he and Barman left the room, door banging shut behind them.
As the reverberation faded, Maleyan opened his mouth to speak, but a wave from Quemel silenced him. They sat still for several moments. Then, something changed in the air. A shimmering bubble descended over the pair.
'I had to make sure they can't overhear what I am about to say,' Quemel explained.
'How did you do that?'
'There are many things these fools don't know. That is just a small example. It sounds like you were busy while we were apart, but never mind that. I have much to tell you and little time. On the day of our supposed execution my army will strike. When you hear the trumpet blast, be ready to join the battle. They have you blocked, but I'll take care of that. I'm uncertain of the size of the force, but we must hit hard and without mercy. We use all means at our disposal.'
'How did you manage to put together an army?' Maleyan interrupted.
'I have had couriers transmitting information for months. We were recruiting, stockpiling weapons and developing strategies.'
'Who is we? I couldn't find anyone willing to help among my old friends.'
Quemel smiled. 'You never understood the importance of gathering secrets. I have acquired many through the years. That allows me to do many things, including raising an army. Besides, our cause is just and our truth makes us too strong to be controlled. Our enemies are soft. They suppress anything that could make them strong.'
'So you are training others in the use of dark energy?'
'To a limited degree. You never give away all your secrets, but I've shared enough to insure victory.'
Maleyan was amazed. He had spent months pleading, running and failing. After that creature had fallen to her death, he fled Apenia. Quemel tried to tell him that wasn't the way, but, for once, he hadn't listened. He'd been wrong. His mentor had accomplished all this while imprisoned in Mount Kol itself. For the first time in months, he smiled.
Quemel, noticing, asked, 'Why are you smiling?'
'I recently spent a long night crawling through underground tunnels and jumping at my imagination. I should have listened to you,' he replied.
Quemel acknowledged the compliment, then looked quizzically at him.
'You couldn't find any sympathizers on the worlds you tried?'
'Oh, there were plenty who believed in our cause, but none willing to commit themselves. Which makes me wonder who you can be so certain of your army?'
'I let it be known that I have records of all sorts of reprehensible behavior hidden throughout the city that will come to light should they fail to fulfill their obligations.'
'How did you manage that? What if the documents fall into the wrong hands?' Maleyan asked.
'Do you remember the piece I composed during the Grind investigation?'
Of course. You turned all of the records into a musical piece that you played for the investigators. You confessed and they thought you were just a horrible composer. It did sound truly awful,' Maleyan laughed.
'Well, unless the arella who finds it knows the cypher or is a musical genius, it will be nothing more than a collection of dreadful compositions. But only you and I know this.'
'And where do you have this treasure hidden?'
'In various locations, but a majority are at the estate of our old friend, amongst his vast collection of sheet music. He is, of course, completely unaware of this fact. And though he fancies himself a musician, we both know that he is a novice at best. It is way beyond his abilities musically, as well as mathematically.'
The doors slid open, interrupting their conversation. Instantly, Quemel let the barrier dissolve and the two returned to stony silence. A retinue of guards entered the chamber and surrounded each prisoner. Maleyan looked over at Quemel who gave him a last sign- Be strong.
He smiled at his friend and was led away.

Chapter 33
Ariel woke with a start and a head full of questions. The dream had come again while he slept. He remembered the sense of helplessness as the spark of life flickered out in the small bird's eyes. But this time it hadn't ended there.
As the snake swallowed the carcass whole, it turned its ebony head and its cold, black eyes met Ariel's. It seemed to grow until nothing else was present, just the chilling eyes and flicking, forked tongue. As it stared menacingly, he heard a guttural voice from within his own head.
'I will destroy you too,' it pledged.
A shaft of light appeared in the sky and Ariel looked as his pair bond plummeted toward them. The serpent noticed his eyes and turned to face the onrushing griffin. It shrank back upon itself and coiled defensively. Shadow came on, targeting the tense body of the serpent. She let out one of her piercing cries.
The serpent's mouth opened with audible menace, fire appearing between the gaping jaws. With a shower of sparks, a scorching ball shot from the open orifice and, with a sickening explosion, hit Shadow's chest.
Instantly, the stately griffin crumpled into a lifeless weight, which fell and disappeared into the blackness surrounding them.
He had awoken, then, panting, eyes wild and searching. Why?
The question haunted him throughout the day. He felt unsure of so many things. It was as if the world he loved was slipping away from him and he didn't know why or how to stop it. Gadreel seemed more and more distant, one of his former housemates was trying to hurt him, but no one else seemed to believe it, and he kept having dreams he didn't understand. And now, he was going to meet Gabriel and couldn't shake the unease this requested meeting caused him.
There was a collection on display at the museum of planetary art. Gabriel had suggested they go together, explaining he had some concerns to discuss with Ariel, and his friend's expression had chilled him.
Gabriel said the exhibit was new and would be of interest to them both. Ariel had been to the museum before and enjoyed the experience. They had a collection of artifacts from around the universe that was continually growing. And as the collection grew, the museum grew.
He approached the building and saw the newest level high above. The building looked like a giant spire of quartz protruding upward in a multifaceted maelstrom of refracted light. It's top floor, which housed the new collection, was obvious due to its mismatched coloring. The building was composed of living crystal that added the equivalent of one new story per academic year. Each graduating class voted to decide what collection would inhabit the new space, which would require several months to mature to the point where its color would match the levels below.
A friend of Ariel's, who was specializing in architecture, had spent the better part of an afternoon in a diatribe about this building. He had explained that the living material of the building was a metaphor for the role of creativity and art in the Kingdom. The attempts of the created to reach for their creators was an ongoing work of art, built on the efforts of those who had gone before, in an attempt to touch heaven. As Ariel approached the entrance of the great structure, he had to admit it was an apt analogy and a breathtaking visual representation.
Students at the academy were encouraged to absorb as much of the culture of the worlds they would serve as possible. It was hoped that by understanding the varied cultures present in the universe, they would become better representatives of the Kingdom.
As a result, the museum was typically a busy place. Only its immensity kept it from seeming crowded. However, with a new exhibit opening, he expected it would be more heavily trafficked than usual. As Ariel stepped off the lift to the uppermost floor, no one except Gabriel anywhere in sight.
'Where is everyone?' he asked as his friend clasped his arm.
'The exhibit isn't officially open, yet. I got permission from one of my instructors to bring you up while they are still putting on the finishing touches.'
He led Ariel down a corridor lined with small, rather crude paintings, to a large open atrium. Light filtered in through the partially translucent walls, but most of the illumination came from above where the crystal shell was less mature and almost clear. Over the subsequent months, the pyramidal shape of the ceiling would slowly collapse and harden, until it became the precisely flat and incredibly rigid floor of next year's collection.
The large exhibition hall was open, but the exhibit itself was divided into six sections. As the two telmid passed through, it was apparent that each section was representative of a different culture. The subject matter, aesthetic sensibilities and mediums were strikingly different.
'Tell me about this species?' Gabriel asked as they moved into a new area.
Ariel looked at the vivid color usage, the natural materials used, the depictions of varied landscapes and animal species, the tent-like houses, and the creatures themselves.
‘This is a carbon-based world with a high gravity. This particular species is highly organized, but still at a nomadic phase of development. They are balanced in their approach to the ecosystem and have created some interesting technological artifacts, but they do not use written language. Rather, they rely on narrative history and have a rigid clan hierarchy. How am I doing?' Ariel asked with just a hint of self-assurance.
'That is pretty impressive. This species is called the Syliern. And you missed only one thing- they have a fairly advanced written culture, but otherwise you are correct. And what about this group?' he asked, continuing on to the next grouping.
Ariel walked in a slow circle around the large collection. It was obvious this was a much more primitive culture. Much of the art in this collection consisted of paintings made from charcoal or water-based paints. They depicted a people who lived without any noticeable technological innovation. Yet despite their obvious simplicity, their artwork was spectacular in its technique and intricacy. The simple scenes were rendered with incredible skill and vivacity.
One painting caught his eye. It showed a small group of the creatures, huddled in a posture of obvious fear. They were crouched, with heads pressed low to the ground, pushing baskets of fruit before them. Standing above them on a rise, was a being familiar to Ariel, yet terribly unfamiliar.
A shining, winged figure glowered down at the creatures, holding one of their children upside down by its ankle. Its face was distorted in rage and menace. It stood like some wrathful god, ready to punish. Except for the face, it could be any angel strolling the streets of the city. But the face made it seem a different type of being altogether, full of hate and anger.
He looked up at Gabriel with a questioning expression. His friend shook his head and pointed at several other paintings in the group. Ariel followed his finger and glimpsing other similar depictions. One showed an angel in flight, leaving a trail of burning crops and huts in its wake. Another showed a scene of the small beings hiding in obvious fear as a group of angels walked nearby. A particularly chilling work depicted an arella laughing as a pair of creatures fought and bled. It was the most horrific image Ariel had ever seen.
'I don't understand. What is this? How is this even possible?'
'I have been talking to some members of the Ministry of Planetary Affairs. This is, unfortunately, not an isolated occurrence. Although this is perhaps the most extreme example, there have been numerous occurrences of angelic abuse of native species over the last several anums. The individuals I spoke with are concerned about the various reports of abuse that they get, as well as what is happening right here in the city.'
'The meetings you have been going to?'
'I'm afraid so. I was asked to give a report of what was going on at Azazel's estate. They seem to believe that somehow the abuse is related to the meetings.'
'Azazel?' Ariel mused aloud.
'They didn't say, but I do suspect that might be the case. Although I don't think Azazel is really much of a threat.'
''What do you mean? Of course he is,' Ariel said.
'Azazel is a part of the problem, but there is something larger going on here. Look at these paintings. This has nothing to do with Azazel. It is bigger than Azazel, and besides, he isn't even in charge of his own group any longer.'
Gabriel proceeded to describe the last meeting to Ariel, including Helel's use of the story of the serpent to sway the crowd. Ariel listened, stunned. Helel had used Ariel to make his argument. Gadreel had been there and never mentioned it. Who had his friend become? Could he be trusted? Was it possible he had something to do with the rumors? It was almost too much to fathom.
'I'm assuming Gadreel didn't talk to you about the meeting,' Gabriel said and seemed unsurprised as Ariel nodded.
'I have to tell you, I'm concerned for our friend. He doesn't understand the danger in any of this. It's not that he is intentionally lying to you. He most likely sees this as avoiding an unnecessary argument. And he won't give up the meetings easily. I, on the other hand, am quitting.'
'Good. I've been worried about the two of you. Have you told Helel yet?’
'We spoke about it,' Gabriel answered with a sad expression.
'It didn't go well?'
'Let's just say Helel does not like to have his motives questioned. He basically told me he didn't understand how I could misunderstand things so badly or how I found it so easy to betray him.'
'How are you betraying him?' Ariel asked.
'I asked him the same thing. In Helel's mind, the meetings are now his and any questions about them are somehow about him. He believes on an important mission and those who disagree are, therefore, his adversaries. That has always been his issue with you. You confronted him and he couldn't tolerate it. He isn't able to entertain contradictory points of view. He sees everything through his own eyes, period. I hope we can get past this, but I'm not sure it’s possible.'
Gabriel's face wore a look of deep remorse, and Ariel could sympathize. His own mind reeled with questions of betrayal and the future of his friendship with Gadreel. He put his arm on Gabriel's shoulder to comfort him.
'It had to be difficult for you to have that conversation with him,' Ariel observed.
'It was. I hoped we were close enough and he would understand that I couldn't go on doing something I disagreed with, but he instantly turned on me. He looked at me as if I suddenly ceased to exist. I didn't even get the chance to talk to him about the report I gave to the ministry.'
'How did that come about?' Ariel asked.
'Planetary Affairs has been receiving reports from several members of the group who aren't comfortable with what has been going on. They have kept detailed records of some of the discussions and training exercised. Apparently, my name showed up quite often arguing some of the issues with Azazel. The ministry approached me believing, given my vocal disagreement with some of Azazel's opinions, I might be willing to act as an informant.'
'And what did you tell them?'
'I gave them a brief statement and told them it would be impossible for me to continue in the meetings, and, therefore, I would be unable to report back to them,' Gabriel answered.
'Why?' Ariel asked.
'If I stayed in the group, I would betray my friend. Most don't realize it yet, but Helel is taking over leadership from Azazel. If I stay and report on the meetings, I would be staying to spy on Helel. Despite everything, I love him. I can't betray him. Even if I wanted to continue attending, which I don't, it would be impossible for me to do so.'
Ariel nodded, understanding Gabriel's predicament. If he were placed in a similar situation with Gadreel, he would choose the same course.
'What happens now?'
'I honestly don't know, Ariel. I'm worried for our friends. I'm worried for the Kingdom. And I'm worried for you.'
'Not you too. I've heard that phrase a bit too much lately,' Ariel replied.
He told Gabriel about his conversation with Raphael and his questions about the source of the rumors being spread. He found being able to talk about his concerns made them less oppressive. He looked at Gabriel's face and his apprehension returned.
'Tell me everything you remember about your incident with the serpent,' Gabriel said seriously.
Ariel didn't hesitate to tell Gabriel the entire story. He made sure to include details he hadn't even included in telling the tale to Gadreel. Gabriel listened intently, nodding at the parts of the story he recognized. As Ariel described the cavern he had fallen into, Gabriel interrupted him.
'I know that cavern. Helel told me about it some time ago.'
'So Helel found the tunnel I went down?' Ariel asked incredulously.
'No. He flew there.'
'How would he fly there? He doesn't have wings.'
'We have been practicing transformation. Helel is the best of the group. He has taken to transforming into winged creatures and exploring through the air. I've never been able to perfect it well enough to do it myself, but he picked it up right away,' Gabriel said.
'What kind of animals does he transform into?' Ariel asked pointedly.
'Eagles, condors...' Gabriel hesitated. 'Serpents.'

Chapter 34
Azazel and Helel stood looking over the growing assembly from the grassy knoll that roofed the underground complex where Azazel's private reserves of yayin were produced and stored. They talked quietly together, waiting for the appointed time of the meeting commencement.
Gadreel stood with his group, all wearing the green sash of Aralim. Their team was smaller than most of the others, having just twenty arella, including two angels. The Malakim group, replete with yellow sashes, was the biggest with over sixty members, but today, he thought, that would change.
The unevenness of the choir distribution had begun to make it difficult for group exercises to be held with any semblance of fairness. Gadreel suggested that perhaps they should change the way they were grouped. He believed Helel would implement his suggestion today. His reasoning was simple. Having group competitions would be easier if there were an even number of groupings. Seven might be a perfect number, but it made direct competition impossible. He proposed that six worked much better. Further, he argued mixing up the teams would force the members to form bonds outside of their choirs. It would also rid them of the issue of numerical differences between the groups.
Helel enthusiastically accepted the suggestion and promised to implement it as soon as possible. Gadreel expected him to say he would need to get Azazel's approval, but he didn't. He suspected little of what had changed was presented to Azazel these days. Although they met on the grounds of Azazel's estate and he still presided over the meetings, it was increasingly clear he was no longer the driving force behind them.
Helel held up his hands and waited for the expected silence. Quickly he had it.
'I am thrilled to see so many new faces here with us today. Our numbers have grown dramatically in recent weeks and that is due, in no small part, to the efforts of many of you. You have seen the need to protect the will of our Kings and have been aggressive in recruiting new members. And we managed to grow while simultaneously ridding ourselves of those who were attempting to undermine our mission.'
He paused as a sporadic round of applause came from one edge of the group and swept unevenly across the throng. He held up his hand for quiet before continuing.
'As I do each week, I would ask anyone who is not completely invested in our cause to leave. We want only those who are committed to protecting what was given to us. Azazel continues to receive pressure from those who wish to stop us and some of those reports suggest we still have arella in our midst who are not loyal to our cause.'
He looked around the audience, peering challengingly in all directions. When he seemed satisfied, he went on.
'Remove your sashes, please.'
He said nothing more, just looked at them all expectantly. At first, many looked around with confused expressions, but eventually everyone figured out what was expected and complied with the request.
'Given the imbalance in our numbers, it is no longer possible to group you by choir. We decided, therefore, to change the groups beginning today. Please gather up the sashes and bring them forward.'
After a bit of commotion and time, seven piles of sashes laid at the foot of the hill. Helel began reciting names. Gadreel was surprised when he was called as one of a group of six. They were asked to come forward and select a pile of sashes. Since green was still available, Gadreel selected his old choir identifiers and cut them all neatly in two, as instructed. He was then given a list of names and told to assemble his group.
At first he didn't understand, but after a number of others had their questions answered, he realized he was in charge of the thirty-five arella on his list, which included several trainers at the academy. He was both excited and nervous at the prospect of having authority over a group, but reasoned it was quite similar to the role he now played as captain of his choir bocket team.
He assembled his group and handed out the sashes, which each member wrapped around their left bicep. He and the other leaders were called back to receive orders regarding the day's exercises. As he stood listening to the details of their practice regimen, he looked out over the vast crowd. It was astonishing how this once disorganized group had transformed in such a short period of time. Previously, these arella milled around engaging in idle conversation or debate. Now, they stood, patiently awaiting their instructions.
Although he was close to Helel, he still did not quite understand how any of this had happened. Helel seemed completely impervious to doubt, despite the fact that Azazel had received several visits from faculty members expressing concern about his activities. Every meeting brought a change of faces, as new recruits replaced those who left or were asked to leave. Helel had become something of a legend on campus and was followed by a small retinue wherever he went. Even with his newfound fame, he continued to seek out Gadreel for friendly council or to vent his frustrations.
He had known Helel from their origin day, had lived with him and seen him mature. And yet, now, he wasn't totally sure who he had become. To those who didn't know him, he gave the appearance of someone who had always led, not a fourth year student presiding over his elders and fellow students alike. It was uncanny and made him wonder if Helel were somehow different from everyone else. Perhaps he had been created for some special purpose.
Gadreel studied the instructions he received carefully before returning to his team. Over the last several weeks his group had been grossly outnumbered and this resulted in a series of defeats. Even though he understood that the odds were stacked against him and his teammates, the losses stung. Now that they had a full contingent, he planned to win.
He looked around and picked out the blue armbands of the group they would be pitted against. Baal was the group's leader. He wondered a little at the choice, but was happy they would be matched against someone he knew and, hopefully, understood.
Although he had never personally competed against Baal, he had studied him. Baal was aggressive, choosing force over subtlety. He would compete here as he did in bocket. He remembered Baal accusing Ariel of cheating and believed this telmid would not shy away from using any means at his disposal to win. He wanted desperately to beat Baal.
The teams were positioned two kilocubits apart on wooded hills separated by a wide depression. Knee-high grasses, sporadic rock outcroppings and scrub trees covered the valley. The small creek that cut through the north end of the lowland had very little water flowing through it presently, although the deep banks on either side seemed to argue this was not normal for the tributary.
As the horn sounded, Gadreel's team moved quickly into action. He had separated his group into two different squads. The first, and far bigger troop took off at a low run toward the gorge carved by the stream. Their job was to advance down the creek bed and break out once they reached the cover of the far woods. The second group were positioned strategically along the tree line to organize defense of their position should their opponents be spotted.
Safe within the trees, the defending group sent out a steady stream of distraction. Some utilized the wind to create mini tornadoes that chewed through the valley. Others caused eruptions of fire to burst in the gnarled branches of the small trees littering the plain. Still others created mirages that appeared and disappeared, in attempts to confuse and distract.
Gadreel smiled with satisfaction at the chaos his group created on the field. It was all for show, but it was an impressive show, nonetheless. Eruptions of fire and dirt exploded sporadically. The image of aura-less arella jumped over rocks and sprinted across open ground, only to disappear as defensive bolts from the far woods struck them. Flocks of birds swooped above darting rodents and wild alicorn. A large phoenix soared toward the opposite tree line before breaking into a million points of light illuminating the shadow beneath the hardwoods, where sentries for the opposition crouched, sending out attacks of their own.
He could occasionally spot activity in the ditch, showing the progress of the larger part of his team. So far, the other side had failed to detect the incursion. He spotted something coming over the tops of the trees at the north end of the grove that held their target. It was a shimmering vapor, only visible by the indigo aura surrounding it, and it was following the creek toward his main force.
'I guess Baal failed to note that the use of flying by angels is not allowed according to the rules of engagement,' he mused to himself.
His team in the trench spotted the masked form of the angel and hurled energy bolts and projectiles into its path. The masking vanished as the winged sentry was forced to use his powers for defense and evasion. The white wings of the arella bent sharply, swerving at a steep angle and quickly withdrew to the cover of the far wood.
'It shouldn't be long now,' whispered Gadreel.
He watched for several minutes before his saw it. A large group had assembled near the point where the creek entered the grove opposite. A huge wall of air shot out of the woods churning up an explosion of splintered wood, dirt and cascading rock in its wake. Behind it their opponents charged into the scoured earth behind the dissipating fury. One by one, they disappeared into the trench. Although he could not pick Baal out in the mass of auras, Gadreel knew he led the charge.
He focused on the image of a raven, willing it to be and join the departing flock.
The defending group was positioned in a curve around the blue banner that hung limply from the limb of a tree. They jumped in surprise as the formidable image of Baal emerged from the trees in front of them.
'Didn't you hear the command?' the figure bellowed at them. 'They are on the run. We need everyone to finish them off.'
The group hesitated, seeming unsure of what they should do.
'Attack. They are in the creek bed. Go now!'
The group scampered away, running quickly to join their comrades in the final assault.
Baal vanished and the raven picked up the blue scroll of fabric in its sharp talons and took to the sky.
 
Gadreel sat on a stone looking at the green flag hanging to his left. He could hear the sound of many feet approaching. Twigs snapped and voices called out excitedly. Two of his sentries burst through the dense foliage to his left.
'The blue group has captured everyone, including all of our other lookouts. They are right behind us. We should take our banner and run,' one of them exclaimed breathlessly.
The forest opened behind them and Baal strode forward with a hand full of green fabric.
'I captured your entire team,' he thundered, waving the evidence before him triumphantly.
Gadreel looked at him intently and smiled.
'But you somehow lost this,' he replied, pulling the blue banner from a pocket in his robe.
Laughter erupted from the trees to their left and Helel strode into the clearing, a big smile on his face.
'I think we have a winner,' he said, striding up to slap Gadreel on his back.
 
After all of the exercises ended, the group sat on the open ground before the hill as the projections played out in the air before them. Helel would occasionally stop the images to point out some of the best and worst tactics attempted.
Gadreel watched with admiration at some of the successful strategies. Some were visually spectacular, like the blinding light the red team had produced, which allowed them to overwhelm their opponent quickly. Other teams had utilized waves of coordinated attacks that earned more gradual victories. He smiled as the image of Baal ordering his troops to abandon their position appeared before them.
'This is my favorite,' Helel said enthusiastically as the black raven swooped over an intense battle, where green strips of cloth were being surrendered nearly en masse. In its talons, the blue banner flapped violently.
'The best victories are those where your enemy doesn't even realize he has lost. Gadreel, you are to be commended. This was a brilliant bit of deceit. Baal, you need to remember this lesson. Brute force has its place, but subtlety is a thing of beauty. We are all here to learn. Today provided valuable lessons for us all. Azazel, do you wish to add anything?' he said, turning to the group's leader.
The angel stood, but said nothing. He raised his glass instead, taking a long gulp of yayin, waving in dismissal to the group.
Gadreel stood talking to the members of his group, expressing his approval for their performance. He was explaining the benefits of focusing on outcomes and working for the good of the team when Helel strode up and interrupted him.
'Gadreel, can I have a moment?' he asked.
The two walked up toward the mansion in the dimming light of day. Gadreel felt incredible. Still reeling from the sensation of victory and the praise of his team, he thought of Ariel and wished he could share this with him. He would love to tell his friend he had bested Baal. He recalled the satisfaction of guessing accurately that Baal wouldn't follow the rules and it would cause him to react so predictably. Helel's voice interrupted his thoughts.
'You impressed me today, Gadreel. I suspected that you possessed greatness and I am glad to see my suspicions were accurate. I am going to need you in the times to come,' he said seriously.
'And what is coming? I am amazed by what you have managed already, but what is the next step? What do you hope to accomplish?'
'I have always known I was chosen for a special assignment. The Kings created a vast and beautiful universe, but there are those who wish to undermine that Kingdom. I am here to take it back from those who have forgotten. Our numbers are swelling. That is because many see what is happening, but don't know how to stop it. I am here to show them the way. We are free creatures, but some would place us in slavery. The Kings created me to break this bondage. And I am counting on you to help me accomplish this task.'
Helel placed his arm around Gadreel's shoulder as they walked up onto the porch of the mansion. He smiled and returned the half embrace. 
'I think that it is time you met my mentor. He creates the most illuminating musical compositions,' Helel said and guided him inside.

Chapter 35
Quemel stood on a raised dais overlooking the vast throng who gathered to witness the historic event. Beside him Maleyan fidgeted nervously, shifting from side to side and occasionally mumbling to himself. On either end were Barman and Hasdiel, looking smug in their white robes trimmed with the bands of Seraphim and Ophanim, respectively.
Barman raised his arms and addressed the multitude.
'Today we gather to execute dire judgment on these criminals. Their crimes are heinous and foul, but in their stubborn pride they have refused to make an account for themselves. Therefore, they have been sentenced to death. They are to be consumed in the purifying fire of righteousness. Hasdiel, please read their crimes aloud.'
A trumpet sounded a single note and Quemel tensed. Hasdiel stepped forward and raised the book he held before him. Throughout the vast crowd pockets of movement broke out and groups of arella, wearing strips of cloth around one arm, clustered into loose rings. Quemel noticed that the colors of all celestial choirs were present in the formations. He smiled as a series of explosions erupted across the landscape.
He cast off the feeble blocks that held he and Maleyan and turned to face Barman. Quemel raised his hands and clapped. A glorious wave caught his jailor and hurled him from the stage, slamming him through the front row of startled arella.
Quemel spun in time to see Maleyan dispatch Hasdiel with a fiery torrent. The celestial scribe slumped to one side, his robe and hair charred with smoke rising from his blackened skin.
He twisted toward the tumultuous field and screamed, 'I give you your freedom!'
His eyes flickered and he saw Barman, standing at the foot of his bed, a grim look on his face.
'I’m sorry to wake you, but it is time,' the Seraphim archangel said.

Quemel stood on a raised dais overlooking the immense, lifeless chamber. Maleyan was at his side, looking as nervous as he had in his dream. He gave him the 'Be Strong' sign and looked up as the door opened. Six figures strode in; each dressed in the color of his choir. The seventh archangel stood beside Quemel, with the celestial scribe, flanking Maleyan, completing the gathering.
He grinned. Even better.
A trumpet sounded and he waited, expectant. He scanned the chamber, locating each door. As his eyes found the fourth, and final, passage, it disappeared. But not just the door, the entire room was gone. Under his feet water lapped placidly. And then he knew. Before him, framed by the prime trees, were a trio of thrones and on them sat the Kings.
He caught himself in the act of kneeling and cast a glance at Maleyan who was in mid bow. Around the throne room angels lowered themselves onto their faces. He felt sudden confusion and fear.
'Let them enter,' Elyon's voice boomed, causing Quemel to tremble inwardly.
How would his army reach him here?
The parade of faces that entered answered the question. Baphomet, Semanop, Bifron, Dartinel, Semyaza. One by one his generals filed in before the throne. Dozens of arella, some he knew, others he didn't, came and knelt. Last in the procession came his lifelong friend and ally, his most trusted compatriot.
Quemel tried to scream but his jaws were locked rigidly in place. He yearned to call the traitor's name, to announce his character. The words struggled to escape- 'Azazel you coward,' but no sound passed his lips.
Elyon looked down at the prone figures before the thrones.
'Each of you, give account for yourself, publicly, before the heads of all the choirs, the celestial scribe and your Kings.'
One by one each member of the conspiracy confessed their role in his scheme. One by one each admitted their guilt and begged for mercy and forgiveness.
With each admission the fear and failure pressed harder against Quemel's heart. His hopes and plans were crushed under the terrible weight. He struggled to keep himself upright, but managed it, barely. He closed his eyes, breathing deeply, and steeled himself. He would not grovel. He would stand firm.
'Because you have repented of your crimes and asked forgiveness, they are blotted out. We forgive and forget your faults and welcome you back into our fellowship. However, there are two who refused to acknowledge their crimes. Quemel and Maleyan, you have chosen death over life, defilement over purity, selfishness over service. It is with great sorrow that we carry out your sentence. You were created for joy and peace and love, but you have rejected your inheritance. You are damned eternally.'
Quemel watched with terror as an unbearable radiance suffused the thrones. It grew fierce and terrible, blinding him to all else. With a roar it rushed toward them. The sea boiled and hissed as it neared. Then, his vision, thoughts, aspirations, pride and flesh were consumed in a dreadful flash of pure light and he was no more.

Chapter 36
Two years had passed since Aralim was defeated in the bocket championship, but when Ariel learned that his choir team had again made the finals he promised himself that he would be there for support. Fortunately, Araton agreed that it would be good for him to go, and changed the time of his advanced specialized training final exam to the morning before the event.
The examination turned out to be quite easy. He attributed this to Araton's thorough instruction, as well as his experiences of the last two years. During his basic specialized training year they visited no less than two hundred worlds, most of them already possessing viable ecosystems with higher life forms and vibrant cultures. On each of these visits Araton had shown him the immaculate balance required to maintain these complex combinations in one unified working system. Ariel was able to apply this knowledge during his advanced training, when they concentrated on seed planets, those that were being prepared for a future creation event. The final exam tested his competency of the various planetary life interactions, and having first-hand experience with them paid off in the form of a nearly perfect score.
He wasn’t through with his current mentor, of course. He and Araton would be together for another year during his preceptorship, one in which he would be put in charge of his own projects on a seed planet, with Araton supervising his activities. But that was just over a week away. He would attend the end of sixth year ceremony and receive the diamond sword, the culminating piece to his armor. He also planned to witness the new telmid creation and today's championship match.
Immediately after completing his exam and receiving his score, he headed to the Falls Path, north of the city. Flying over the course where he competed in three championships, winning two, brought back a wave of memories. He looked down, remembering the now infamous kick that he made to secure their first championship, and the drama that ensued as a result. He recalled the excitement he and Gadreel shared as they hoisted the beautiful Choir Chalice to the cheers of his choir mates, not once but twice. He also remembered the disappointment of their loss at the end of fourth year, his last on the team, along with the disconnect that subsequently developed between him and his best friend.
The distance between them grew during the past two years of specialized training. He still ran into Gadreel on occasion, but things were different, as was apparent when they saw each other and attempted more than a brief and superficial conversation.
This was the main reason that he returned to the famous Falls Path. He wanted to be there to support his friend. He was currently their number two, and Ariel wanted him to know that he was there to root him on.
The crowds were already thick when he arrived, but his status as a former team member allowed him to walk on the path itself and avoid the overly crowded spectator viewing areas. There was a small warm-up area adjacent to the first path where players prepared for their matches. As he approached, he spotted his old friend, dressed in the green of Aralim. Next to him were two arella he recognized, wearing the blue of Cherubim.
‘Gadreel,’ he called out.
The three of them turned toward him.
‘Helel. Molochel.’
Molochel ignored him completely, but Helel moved purposely forward. His face had changed. He was still handsome, with piercing, dark eyes, but somehow he looked harder. His angularity was even more pronounced and the slight smirk on his mouth seemed to imply that he knew all there was to know about you.
'So Ariel has returned. I understand that you are working under Araton, traveling the wide universe.'
'I've been fortunate enough to travel to a great many planets. It has been an amazing experience and Araton has been wonderful to study under.'
'So, Ariel,' Helel asked. 'What can you tell us about the happenings out there? Most of us don't travel widely and must rely on those who return to share what is going on. Is it true about the uprisings?'
'I have heard stories about minor disturbances on a few worlds, but I'm not sure they would be considered uprisings,' Ariel answered.
'That is interesting, although not consistent with the reports I've seen. So these minor disturbances that you mention, what is the cause?'
'I really try to stay out of politics, but it is my understanding that a few angels on a couple of worlds acted improperly and were removed from their positions.'
'So they were punished for acting according to their own free will?' Helel asked with a slightly raised eyebrow.
'I doubt that you and I will agree on this, but I don't think that when your freedom to act interferes with others, particularly those who you are sworn to protect, it can be considered free will. That is chaos, which inhibits everyone's freedom,' Ariel answered a bit curtly.
'For someone who stays out of politics, you seem to well informed on the cases you mention, or are you speaking generally?'
'I am speaking generally, Helel.'
'So you are assuming that those accused were, as you say, interfering with others, but you really don't know anything about what actually happened in those minor disturbances,' Helel retorted dismissively.
He waved to Molochel and the two started away. As he brushed past Ariel, he quietly asked, 'Did you play with any snakes on those worlds?' and walked away without glancing back.
Ariel turned back to Gadreel after the two left.
‘Ariel, I am glad to see you made it.’
‘Wouldn’t miss it for anything. Best of luck today. Bring that chalice back to its rightful owners, OK?’
‘I will certainly try.’
What should he say next? He had so many issues he would discuss with Gadreel, but Helel's comment left him unsure. And the relative lack of contact between he and his best friend over the past couple years made him feel like some sort of wall separated them. He thought of all the times that he had wished Gadreel were present to share his experiences with. He kept a notebook of his travels and starred certain things so that he would be able to tell Gadreel about them, but now he stood blankly, not knowing where to begin.
‘Well, I just wanted to be here to pull for you. Kick it well.’
Ariel walked away mulling over the interaction. Didn't he have anything better to say? Was it possible he couldn't even talk with his best friend?
‘Ariel, wait up.’
Gadreel jogged up behind him. Ariel turned and faced him.
‘Sure. What’s going on?’
‘Look, I really missed you and would like to catch up. I'm starting soon, but I hope we can get together this week before our preceptorships start. You know, just to talk about what has been going on.’
‘That sounds great,’ Ariel answered.
‘Hey, would you mind if Fang tags along with you today? He almost cost me a match earlier this year when he tried to fetch one of my kicks.’
Ariel smiled at the image of the playful tiger running out onto the path in the middle of a match.
‘Of course I wouldn’t mind. Where is he?’
Gadreel whistled loudly and the huge beast came sprinting up to him out of a nearby stand of trees.
‘Maybe you could drive him back to the mansion after the match, too? I rode here with Helel and Molochel and I don’t think they were too thrilled at being squeezed in by this big guy.’
‘I'll give you a ride if you want.’
‘Thanks, but I'm meeting Helel and Molochel after the match for dinner at the western gate. We are going to that place we went during first year, remember?’
‘Yes I do. That seems like such a long time ago.’
‘Hey, if you aren't busy you could join us.’
‘Let me think about it.’
‘OK, Ariel. It was good seeing you again. I wish you were out here playing with me. Doesn’t seem right.’
‘Me too, and it was nice being seen. Good luck again, though I know you don’t need it.’
Ariel went to the viewing area adjacent to the fifteenth path, so that he could see Gadreel finish. He would be able to keep track of Gadreel's progress via the scoreboard and didn't want to risk walking the paths with the sabre-tooth, in case the cat decided to repeat his earlier tricks. He set off up the path, cut into the side of the sheer rock face that connected the various viewing areas. Fang dutifully followed at his heels and he stopped frequently to rub the soft fur of the cat's head.
He considered Gadreel's dinner invitation. He desperately wanted to speak with his old friend, but would they be able to talk with the others present? He didn’t understand how Gadreel could be close friends with those two. It seemed emblematic of the growing gulf between them.
‘Ariel? Is that you?’
He turned toward the familiar voice. There in front of him was an arella dressed in Malakim yellow with a disorderly mass of ginger curls on his head.
‘Raphy! How are you doing my old friend?’
‘Wow, it has been way too long! It doesn't seem right that you’re not playing. I seem to remember watching you beat my choir a few times back in the day. What are you doing now? What is your specialty?’
Ariel filled him in on advanced training and his life of travel with Araton. Raphael talked about the research that he was involved in. Eventually the conversation turned to Gadreel.
'Things have definitely changed between us. I'm not exactly sure how it happened. And it appears that he and Helel are much closer,' Ariel said.
‘Of course you know why they are such good friends, right?’ Raphael asked.
‘What are you talking about?’
‘Do you remember when you came to me about the secret meetings at Azazel's estate? I told you that we should let it play out, but I was wrong. Those meetings are no longer secret, and no one has done anything to stop them. Haven't you heard any news about what's been going on?’
‘What news? Araton and I were gone nearly every day this year, and I've been so involved in my work that I haven't heard anything.’
‘Helel completely took over the meetings and they are growing. They ignore rules about the appropriate use of elemental power and becoming incredibly skilled, to a point that anyone not participating is considered quite amateurish in their abilities. As more arella began seeing how much more powerful the members of the group were, more and more asked to join. It has become quite a large force and now they are taking it further. Helel is talking of sending a delegation to initiate discussion with the three Kings about some of the restrictions placed on the telmid. They want to discuss possible alterations to the rules.’
‘What rules? What restrictions do we have on us?’
‘A host of issues, though most of them seem vague. Things like non-defensive powers and what we are free to do upon earning our wings. I admit I don’t know the specifics, but they are attracting quite a lot of attention. Lots of arella are excited by the possibility of learning new skills and having the freedom to do whatever they want. There has been no word from the three Kings on the subject, but I doubt they will delay much longer. The numbers of those supporting Helel are growing to a point that makes it impossible to ignore.’
‘Is Gadreel involved?’
‘Of course, Ariel. He is basically Helel's second-in-command. He is seen by most at the academy as nearly as important as Helel himself.'
Ariel’s heart sunk at this news. So his friend had been converted by those ‘harmless’ talks at the secret meetings. He was stupid as to go along with him joining? If only he they hadn't spied on their housemates years ago. He needed to do something. He would address this. Nothing good would come from this, and surely Gadreel would see reason.
They followed the match together and it was great to spend time with an old friend, but Ariel was too distracted to fully focus on their conversation. Raphael seemed to understand and eventually excused himself after soliciting a promise that the two would get together prior to Ariel's coming departure.
As the day unfolded, it became clear that Aralim was over-matched. With two pairings to go, they faced an insurmountable deficit. The final two competitors, Gadreel and Bindolin, were both ahead in their matches, but the championship was already decided. Their opponents, learning of the score, conceded, and it was over. It was so anticlimactic and, to Ariel's mind, so irrelevant. He remembered how important this all had seemed to both he and Gadreel. As his friend grasped arms with the members of the other team, he saw that Gadreel felt the same way.
After the formalities were dispensed with, Ariel approached his old friend.
'Tough ending to your bocket career?'
'Yeah, but to be honest, it just doesn't seem as important as it used to,' Gadreel answered.
'Perspective changes with time, I guess. Listen, I appreciate the dinner invitation, but I'm going to take Fang back to the estate and rest a bit. I'm exhausted and need to sort some things out. You won't be offended if I don't join you and the others, will you?'
'It's OK. I understand,' Gadreel said.
'Listen. Our old place should be empty. The next origin day isn't for a week and the first years are all placed. Do you want to head over there with some of our original crew tomorrow? Maybe you and I could ride over together and spend some time catching up,' Ariel suggested.
'Great idea. That'll be fun. I will mention it to Pharzel and Helel. Can you contact the others?'
'Sounds like a plan.'
Ariel turned to go, then hesitated, turning back toward Gadreel.
'It is good to see you, old friend. I missed you!'

Chapter 37
'You're trying too hard,' Gadreel said, motioning for him to relax.
They had decided to ride to their first year residence early, to get a little extra time alone. The conversation wasn't as easy as he had hoped, and so Gadreel suggested he show Ariel some of the additional skills he had mastered. Perhaps if his friend could see how beneficial these capabilities were, he might stop giving him the disapproving look.
Once again he placed the image in the mind of the little bird and it came down and rested on his finger.
'You just have to think of something that you want it to do and then push the picture at your subject.'
He thought of the creature flying to the ground, rolling on to its back and putting its little claws straight up into the air. The brown, feathered wren immediately followed through on the impulse.
'Once you get the hang of it, it is really easy to practice this on lower life forms. More intelligent animals require more effort,' Gadreel explained.
'So you have tried this on sentient creatures?' Ariel asked.
'We practice on each other a bit. It is difficult with other arella, but I have actually become quite good at it.'
He imagined Ariel spinning around on one foot. He pictured his friend rotating on an axis and spinning, spinning, spinning...
'Don't do that!' Ariel said sharply. 'Don't ever try that on me.'
He shuddered visibly as an icy finger ran his spine. His face flushed and anger burned in his eyes. Gadreel was a bit surprised at the vehemence of his response. They practiced this type of thing so often, he forgot how uncomfortable the initial sensation could be.
'I'm sorry,' he said earnestly. 'I was just trying to show you something new.'
'I really can't understand what possible use any of this can be.'
He pointed to the small bird, still lying frozen on its back between them.
'You all talk a lot about free will, but how does this in any way resemble free will? What good can come from you manipulating other creatures, especially rational beings? How do you all manage to justify this?' Ariel asked with evident contempt in his voice.
'In your specialty this might seem useless, but I am training to be a planetary emissary and I assure you this is a useful skill to have. We have a number of experienced emissaries in our group and they are extremely excited about adding this to their repertoire. It will help us better protect those under our supervision. This isn't something meant to harm, but to help. Perhaps it wouldn't help you to be a better starherder, but it will help me to be better at my job. And it's not like I'm possessing anyone,' he trailed off, realizing he had said too much.
'What do you know about possession?' Ariel asked.
'Theoretically, it allows the possessor to take control of another beings actions, while giving access to their memories and a better understanding of their motivations,' Gadreel answered.
'And do you practice this at your meetings?'
'I do not,' he answered, carefully.
Gratefully, Ariel didn't push the matter. Possession was something some arella did attempt, using a variety of animals as subjects. No one, that he was aware of, tried it on other arella, although Helel was so good at psychic manipulation it sometimes seemed he was able to take total control over others. But possession made Gadreel uncomfortable, and he felt no inclination to try. He decided to change the subject.
'Here they come. Do you want to play a trick on them?'
Ariel smiled and nodded his head enthusiastically. 'What did you have in mind?'
 
Gabriel, Pharzel and Harah walked toward the entrance, down the same path they had taken on their creation day. They paused to look at their former home. Each was quiet, caught up in his own thoughts. They looked up and waved at Gadreel and Ariel, who stood out on one of the balconies, watching them approach.
'Hello twins. Seeing you two up there makes me feel like a first year all over again,' Harah called up to them.
Suddenly, the world spun upside down and they began to plummet upwards toward the sky. Pharzel let out a loud yell as the acceleration clenched his stomach violently. Harah grabbed Gabriel's arm frantically. They fell up, passing the landing where Gadreel and Ariel stood. Then everything went black. Pharzel's yell became a shriek of fear.
Gadreel doubled over with laughter as the group shot past them. Ariel smiled appreciatively as the three were wrapped in an inky blanket. They shot up above the surrounding tree tops, slowed, and began to fall, rapidly, back toward the ground.
Suddenly the black covering disappeared and the group's plummet eased into a crawl. As they passed Gadreel and Ariel, Gabriel looked at them, shaking his head.
'It took me a minute to figure out what was going on. That was a pretty clever trick, Gadreel,' he said.
'How do you know it was me?' Gadreel responded, attempting to sound innocent.
'No offense to Ariel, but he isn’t good enough to pull that off. And you are.'
The trio came to rest on the ground. A sudden solid gust from behind shoved the two, would be pranksters, off of the balcony above into a free fall. Gadreel allowed himself to enjoy the rush for a brief moment, before thickening the air below he and Ariel and bringing them to a gentle landing beside their three former housemates. He punched Gabriel playfully, who grabbed his arm and pulled him in close for an embrace. Soon the five old friends were taking turns hugging each other and laughing.
'Where is Raphael?' Harah asked.
'I'm right here.'
Raphael stood with a large basket in each hand. Hanging over the edges were a variety of breads, cheeses and vegetables. He was smiling, looking at the group.
'I assume Helel isn't attending?' he said, directing his comment toward Gadreel.
'He had some important business and sent his regrets, but no, he won't be joining us. And by the looks of it he is missing out,' Gadreel answered, stepping forward to help Raphael with the food.
They congregated in the kitchen, following Raphael's instructions. His extra duty at the estate was working in the large kitchen and he was quite adept at coordinating a group in preparing large meals. He divided them up into different teams. Gadreel and Ariel were placed in charge of ingredient prep and were busily chopping leeks, cambiers, mushrooms, some tuber they couldn't identify, and a large purple orb with a spongy texture.
'Do you all remember the first meal Raphy made in this kitchen?' Ariel asked.
They all laughed and began recounting their versions of the colossal mess that Raphael had created. Gadreel remembered catching Ariel, when his friend slipped in the purple glaze coating the floor. He smiled and patted Ariel's back affectionately. The friendly gesture was greeted with a chuckle and a broad smile. It was good to be back together with the group.
The thought made him think of Helel. He was not really been surprised at his refusal to come. Since Gabriel left the group, Helel would have nothing to do with him. He avoided Gabriel and when they did happen to run into each other, Helel would just stare coldly at his old friend. Eventually, Gabriel gave up trying to talk with Helel and the two simply pretended the other didn't exist. Helel seemed to do this fairly easily, but it Gabriel struggled during the encounters.
In some ways it was a relief Helel had stayed away. He really wanted to try to make peace with Ariel and having Helel around would complicate things, since Ariel refused to let go of his paranoid delusions. And although he missed Helel's company, he was able to relax more in his absence.
Gabriel led the group in prayer as they gathered around the incredible looking meal. Platters of sauteed vegetables, creamy sauces, mounds of manteil, spicy purees, and thick slabs of rich, dark bread sat on the table, their smells swirling and blending into a tantalizing perfume.
They tore into the food with enthusiasm. Gadreel moaned with every new dish  he tried. Raphael was a true artisan in the kitchen. Everything was seasoned and cooked to perfection. Sweet, spicy and sour tastes were balanced in a perfect combination that, for a time, silenced everyone, beyond the occasional grunt of pleasure.
Harah raised a glass filled with a fizzy juice nectar and gave a toast, ‘To Raphael, for the best meal I have had, well, honestly, ever!’
They all took a drink and sat in contented camaraderie.
‘To all of you. I had nearly forgotten what a wonderful group I was created with. It has been great to get together with all of you before we all go our separate ways for our preceptorships,’ Ariel said, looking around affectionately.
They sat at the table for some time, contented to talk casually. Eventually, they began the clean up, careful to leave the place spotless for the new group that would be moving in. There was a sense of sadness in the air as they said their goodbyes. It was a fitting close to this chapter of their lives, but the knowledge that they would all soon head in different directions gave a serious tone to the farewell even as they all sought desperately to keep it light.
‘You better watch your back. I owe you one,’ joked Gabriel as he said his goodbyes to Gadreel. ‘Ariel, watch out for this one.’
The duo stood waving as the rest of their friends departed. They were more relaxed toward each other and neither were eager to end their time together.
‘So, are you out of the estate?’ Gadreel asked.
‘Yeah, I moved my stuff yesterday. I took a room at Araton’s place. You have to come and visit. I think you will like the location. From the front porch you can look down into the valley and see part of the Rainbow River.’
‘I will, Ariel. I found a place outside of the city, pretty close to the Treetop Path. You will have to come and play some bocket one of these days.’
‘ I am probably a bit rusty, but after witnessing that debacle at the championship, I think I might give you a good match,’ he said laughing.
‘I don’t doubt it, Ariel. Where are you headed on your first assignment?’
‘We are in the final stages of preparation for a special creation later this year. There are two sister planets we are seeding. The first one is going to be called Gaia and it will be the home of the first creations in the universe that resemble us.’
‘Where is it located?’
‘In the Milky Way Galaxy. I am really excited to get started. I'm not sure what the second planet is to be called, but that one comes later. And what about you?’
‘I am spending this year in the communications ministry, handling the diplomatic reports from some of the outer systems. This assignment is a good opportunity to learn about the issues that I will be addressing when I am assigned off world.’
Ariel’s face grew serious expression Gadreel waited expectantly, but his friend remained silent.
‘Ariel. There is something that you want to say to me. I suspect that I know what it is, but I would ask you not to.’
‘I’m sorry, but I have to. I should have said this long ago, but I was afraid of damaging our friendship, but I don’t say anything to you, I’m not a friend worth having. Please quit attending those meetings! I beg you!’
Although he expected this, it still angered him. Ariel didn't understand what they were doing. He was so judgmental of the whole thing and had never even participated. Gadreel swallowed and forced his voice to stay calm.
‘Ariel, I understand you mean well, but you really don’t get it. We are working to protect the interests of all arella, your interests, and too many of you act like we are the enemies. We are not rebels; we are merely standing up for what is right. Helel is a great leader, a great arella, and he understands how important our work is.’
‘Helel is dangerous. I wish I could make you understand how dangerous he is. It was he who attacked me at the preserve. If it wasn’t for the Kings’ protection in sending Shadow to rescue me, who knows what might have happened. He has been out to get me ever since I first confronted him.’
‘Ariel, Helel wanted be your friend, but you have always had some twisted paranoia about him. You convinced yourself he tried to sabotage us on that first day of class and you’ve never been able to get over it. I think that you're jealous of him.’
Ariel stood, seeming unsure what to say. He looked sad and angry. For a moment it appeared as if he would walk away, but he stood his ground and continued.
‘We have free will, Gadreel. You can choose to do as you wish, but I hope you understand that your choice in this will have consequences. You can still walk away, or you can continue to follow Helel on a path leading to a bad ending. I don’t know what that ending is, but I believe it is my duty to warn you to change your course. Helel is dangerous and if you are too blind to see it, you will pay a price for your ignorance.’
‘You talk to me about ignorance. You, who attack things you don’t even understand! You, who attack others who only want to be your friend! You, who cheat to get what you want!’ he broke off, knowing he had gone too far.
But it was too late. Ariel was already walking away, looking hurt and confused.

Chapter 38
At the prime moment, the singularity that initiated the universe, the Kings spoke and the ripple of creation spread out through the chaos. This ripple produced the material and laws, which form and govern new galaxies, solar systems, and worlds. Matter was dispersed through the void in an expanding cloud that was the foundation of the universe. Atoms combined to form elements. Elements combined to form compounds. Compounds combined to form systems. Gravity pulled together the messy soup of cosmic dust and dissipated matter, forming masses that became stars and planets. The prime moment of creation was the first link in a chain of ongoing development and organization.
But organization is not life, it merely allows for a place for life to exist. Life itself requires a specific order ‘to be.’ And each new order ‘to be’ is not just an act, but rather a chain of action, which can be traced back to its source. Much as the universe can be traced back to the prime moment, a species can be traced back to the first of its kind, created by the word, spoken by the Kings. This word forms a new link which, through replication or procreation, expands, like the growing universe, a new species into a chain of ongoing creation.
Except for the arella, who are brought into existence only by the word of the Kings. Other creations owe their lineage to their parents, or replication, or mutation; but arella are born directly from a single word, the word of creation. And while all the created universe can be traced back, through the chain of creation, to the Kings; for arella the chain is always one single link.
As Ariel looked at the swirling cloud which hung millions of light years away, he was overwhelmed with the knowledge of his own weakness and gratitude that the same power which gave birth to that mass of energy and matter, composed of over 200 billion stars and the myriad systems, planets and vast clouds of yet unformed material, had directly created him.
And now he had the opportunity to serve in the creation of a new world. As a starherder, it was his job to seed a new planet. He and Araton would insure this new planet would have all of the ingredients necessary for the Kings to speak the atmosphere, the land, and the creatures that would be its inhabitants, into existence.
He thought back to the day when he and his friends had taken a last meal together. He was unable to take credit for the savory flavors directly, but he had played a small role in the endeavor. Much as he had worked to make sure Raphael had all of the ingredients he needed to create the feast, he would now do the prep work for the Kings in creating a new planet. And he knew his role would be a minor one in bringing this new planet, Gaia, into existence, but he looked forward to the enjoyment he was sure to feel when he witnessed the completed world and knew he played a role in its creation.
The galaxy he and Araton were observing was relatively new, in celestial terms. It was of modest size, stretching some 120,000 light years across and was of the barred spiral variety. A would be star, located about 27,000 light years from the nebula center, was orbited by eight planet-sized masses and numerous smaller bodies, and would serve as the center of the solar system. Two planets had been chosen within this particular grouping for habitation, Gaia and a red, sister planet that would be seeded later.
His job was actually quite simple. Assisted by a pair of Seraphim, he and Araton were traveling to the black mass standing at the center of the massive swirling vortex that rotated, mysterious and beautiful, before him. As the galaxy spun round, loose material was pulled into the dense center due its incredible gravitational pull, a force so strong even light could not escape. This gave the illusion of a giant dark hole situated at its midpoint.
‘Do you see the bright shaft of light ejected from around the center?’ Araton asked, pointing to the opaque middle. ‘That is the quasar that we will mine for the necessary materials.’
Ariel knew from his studies that quasars emitted incredible amounts of energy and material that would flow out and be reabsorbed back into the galaxy or would eventually get pulled into a new one. Starherders took a small amount of this material, and, by creating temporary pathways between the quasar and the fetal system, would transport all the ingredients that the Kings would need in developing the star, planets, planetary ecosystems and the numerous species that would inhabit them.
It would require just a brief millisecond to mine enough material to add the needed mass to the star and seed the small planet. After the initial transport, the real work of the starherder could begin.
Araton gave Gamel and Alugat, their Seraphim escorts, the necessary instructions and the portal opened near the quasar’s apex. Although in real time this opening would exist for the smallest fraction of a second; inside the portal, time ceased to exert its influence and the pair of starherders were able to methodically measure the amounts of raw material and energy that were transported, via the temporary pathway, to the system.
Unlike a normal pathway that utilized two posts to create an instant opening between a point in the universe and the grove in the city, a transport pathway utilized eight different contact points in creating the circuit. Two of the posts created a passage from the Kingdom to the quasar, four more added path extensions to the dormant star and to Gaia itself. Two additional posts acted to create a small bubble at the quasar, where Araton and Ariel were able to work, outside of the supercharged torrent of matter and energy.
The two worked with a sophisticated array which spewed an incredible amount of data related to the transfer. They talked quietly, analyzing the deluge of numbers running through the air before them. Occasionally, Araton would touch a small control and everything would freeze. Data would suddenly arrest in mid-air and the maelstrom of energy and matter flowing into the pathway would stop, the vibration would cease, and the fury of sound would be replaced by a silence, both deep and vast.
‘We can start to bleed off some of the excess energy. If we allow this flow to continue, uninterrupted, the star’s surface becomes destabilized and we have to take a number of unnecessary steps in order to get things back to where we need them. This allows us to handle this process,’ he said and touched a sequence of buttons.
‘I understand the need, but what, exactly, is involved here?’ Ariel asked.
‘The beauty of the pathways is you can’t overload them. Energy added to the circuit is just harnessed. By opening this channel, we allow the pathway itself to absorb any excess energy and divert it back to the kingdom, protecting our new planet. This can also work in the opposite fashion. If we have a circumstance requiring more energy than we have present, we can reverse the polarity and utilize the pathway to funnel energy from the Kingdom to be utilized in whatever we are working on. However, this is a rarity at this stage of the process. You would be working on an extremely energy hungry environment to eclipse the capabilities of a quasar.’
Araton completed the command sequence and there was a visible shift in the light spectrum of the tumult, as energy was leeched off the flow and absorbed into the pathway. A slight tremor, that Ariel hadn’t previously noted, reverberated in the field surrounding them as the membrane absorbed the energy equivalent of thousands of stars. They continued to monitor the levels. Occasionally, they would switch one of the vectors off to various elements that were no longer needed. Soon, the amount of material flowing though the pathway had subsided and just a handful of the rarest trace elements were passing through the portal.
‘We should run a final check before we wrap this up,’ Araton said.
The pair began an accounting of the two hundred elements and the levels that had passed through the pathway. The process took some time, or would have had they been outside of the pathway, but when they were finished they confirmed the new planet, Gaia, and its star now had all the ingredients necessary for its creation cycle.
The flow inside the portal stopped and silence reigned within their bubble. Both arella stood peering below them at the spinning mass of texture and light. It looked milky and peaceful, as if some cosmic painter had left his masterpiece behind.
‘It’s hard to believe that it is rotating,’ Ariel remarked.
‘Given the fact we are within the pathway, technically, it’s not. You are seeing the galaxy frozen in a moment of time. Although even if we were to venture outside, you would perceive very little movement from this distance. Astronomical distances do a great job of masking activity. In reality, the event horizon, just outside the black area, is moving so fast that if you were there, you would need to travel at the speed of light in the opposite direction of its rotation, just to stay in the same location,’ Araton explained.
The picture might have been frozen in time, but it was spectacular nonetheless. Ariel  saw what appeared to be four, swirling bands of slowly dissipating light spread in long arches away from the center. It reminded him of the whirlpools that he had seen formed over deep pools in the Rainbow River. He thought about swimming with Gadreel, laughing and soaking wet. If his friend could see this sight, he was sure it would change his priorities. Would those ridiculous meetings seem so important after standing five thousand light years above the massive splendor of a spiraling galaxy?
He thought about the debates he had engaged in with Gadreel. Questions about the origin of the Kings, about what happened before the creation of the universe, about the nature of life itself had always bothered Gadreel in a way he didn’t understand. Beings that could create the incredible system he was looking at, to his mind, were beyond comprehension. Yet Gadreel seemed to need an explanation for everything. He was, from their very first days together, incapable of accepting anything he couldn’t fathom. But how could anyone, who looked out from this distance, at something so vast, really comprehend any of it? How could any being be arrogant enough to think themselves capable of understanding that which gave them, and everything else, life? If only he were able to show this to his friend.
The pair closed out the sequence on the array and stepped out from the pathway onto the the planet. The normal visual spectrum was useless in the thick fog that hung around the planet in a choking haze. It was such a shocking transition, from the open vastness of space, to the surface of a planet, bathed in the murky gloom of elemental amalgam. A sulfuric stench filled the air and his tongue tasted the entire metallic sequence. The air crackled and hissed with the vibrant hum of the great clouds of supercharged particles hanging above them for a thousand kilocubits.
Although it was difficult to imagine any type of orderly world coming from the chaotic environment that enveloped them, they had been trained well and began their work according to plan. They started with the gravity, which was registering extremely low. Ariel, sensing the myriad heavy metals around him, began pulling groups together; allowing the bonds to solidify, take mass and fall. As he roamed the uniform surface, plasma began to fall onto the land with a thick muddy sound. As the metallic rain fell, the ground swelled with accumulation. Eventually, the increase in mass would cause the gravitational pull to rise dramatically, causing the initial surface to compress, creating an incredibly dense sphere that would become the planet's core.
While the work at the quasar took a fraction of a second, their efforts on the dormant star and planetary surface stretched into weeks and months. Although the star was much bigger, it took less time to prepare. After funneling the needed material from the quasar, gravity would do the rest. The planet took longer, but over time, and with guidance from the two starherders, the atmospheric stew settled and stratified. Where a random collection of elements had hung like the vapor over a lava field, the air gradually cleared of heavier elements. The land became striated with great swathes of mineral fields, pooled into deposits. Heat swelled in the interior, causing the material to form a plasmatic sea of molten rock.
Further from the center, the temperature of the planet was frigid, allowing a cold metallic coat to form. This outer layer of deposited minerals, cooled into various types of rock, surrounded by great seas of silica.
The crust formed into a great plate covering the ductile sea of irradiated material. This  would eventually serve as the foundation that would be used to create the landmass which would be home to the terrestrial species of the planet, while also serving as the oceanic floor of the great bodies of water that would dominate the surface.
The angry torrent of energy dissipated as the arella pulled from this source to fuel their labors. Given its lack of atmosphere, the planet was bombarded by a constant assault of cosmic radiation, but as the starherders’ work progressed, a magnetic field developed at the planet’s poles, which diverted a large amount of this energy away from the surface, allowing the outer crust to stabilize.
Seventy-five percent of the new planet would eventually be covered with water, and huge ice fields formed across the planet’s surface. From space it looked like a mottled mass of blacks and browns, separated by continental swathes of a dirty white.
Once the Kings ignited the star and caused the orb to rotate, much of the ice would melt and be pulled into the lowest reaches of the planets topography, effectively covering most of the planet’s surface to form the great seas that would be home to the largest percentage of the world’s life.
As the months stretched and the landscape took shape, Ariel became increasingly enamored with the work. Araton carefully explained every step of the process and the two grew very close as they worked together to prepare the various threads needed for the weaving, awaiting the hand of the Kings in rendering a beautiful new tapestry of life.
Ariel was an attentive student. While Araton was in charge of this operation, Ariel himself would serve in the lead role in seeding the sister planet, when the time came. The process he now participated in as a subordinate would be his during his next assignment.
There had been several opportunities to return to the kingdom. The last had been to receive his wings. His preceptorship had officially ended. It was a simple ceremony, with just he and Araton in a private audience with the Kings. He was given a blessing and a new power welled up within him. As he stood, he noticed a new sensation. He looked over his shoulder and saw the beautiful white wings that he had so long awaited. He smiled as they spread naturally. Although it lacked the grandeur of the elaborate graduation ceremonies he had gone through in each of his previous years, it was a perfect culmination of his tenure at the academy. He was commended for his hard work, and within the hour, was back on the planet to finish the preparations for the new world.
Toward the end of the process, the two angels toured the planet together. It was exhilarating to fly above the surface of this great satellite and see the results of their labors. The giant dense cloud that had blanketed the surface was gone, absorbed into the rocky plain below. The surface had completely cooled and the flow of lava was visible only at areas where the fissures would be left open, turning the crust in a continual sequence of rejuvenation. Although there was no pathway yet, Ariel knew that soon the King’s would plant the twin trees which would link this world to Mount Kol and thus provide the lifeline able to recycle the dark energy and return the lifeblood which would hold this planet firm, against the ever encroaching power of chaos.
It was so satisfying, to Ariel, to see the principles he had studied at the academy enacted before his very eyes. The formulas that dictated the way in which particular elements would react were so much more gratifying than the numbers that symbolized the process in an academic exercise. As he observed how the planet reacted and evolved under their angelic touch, he knew he had chosen his specialization wisely.
He hoped the same was true of Gadreel.

Chapter 39
It was an interesting contradiction. At their meetings, now held three times a week, Gadreel served an extension of the authority Helel maintained. However, during the hours spent working as a preceptor in the communication section of the Planetary Affairs Ministry, he was, technically, the least senior member of the team. 
This contradiction offered a great example of politics in action. Beginning as a low level staffer, Gadreel initially had no access to much of the information flowing in and out of the office. He could not communicate directly with emissaries on other planets and needed to have any requests approved. However, over time, Gadreel began operating with impunity inside the section. 
This fact came from the mutually beneficial relationship he developed with his superior. Penmel, the communications administrator for the ministry, was a devoted member of Helel’s group. During their meetings, Gadreel made it a point to give Penmel free reign. After being promoted to Helel’s chief adviser, he recommended Penmel take over the green squad. And despite his former team's consistently poor performances, Gadreel never reprimanded Penmel. Helel understood and allowed for it.
As a result, Gadreel was virtually unsupervised and had a free hand to pursue whatever activities he wished within the section. Neither Gadreel nor Penmel ever spoke of the tacit understanding, but both adhered to the implied rules of engagement. So, Gadreel had access to information and privileges normally reserved for senior members of the section’s staff. None of his colleagues seemed to mind the special treatment. Many of them were now involved in the meetings and understood his position. Those not involved saw the deference their supervisor gave Gadreel and extended the same.
Thus, it came to be that Gadreel became one of the best-informed arella in the Kingdom. He had no specific assignments and access to anything within the ministry.
And there was a lot of data to access. The communications section had a large staff of around five hundred arella. Their job was to analyze and catalog the appeals, reports and complaints coming in from all reaches of the universe. They utilized a sophisticated array, which prioritized and categorized the information, but arella analyzed, forwarded and responded to all of this communication. They also handled requests from other departments for access to archived materials. Every piece of information that came in or went out was stored in the central core. The section approved or denied tens of thousands of requests for information every day.
And yet Gadreel was never asked to be involved in any of these activities. He had a private office, an unrestricted array, and the freedom to pursue any subject that interested him. But it wasn’t as if Gadreel didn't stay busy. On the contrary, he worked tirelessly every day. He came early and stayed late. He poured himself into his work, although one else in the ministry could say what that entailed.
Gadreel, however, did. His job was to collect information and catalog it. He knew who was performing well and who was not, of promotions and demotions, what planets functioned properly and which ones struggled.
And lately, it seemed, more and more worlds had issues. The archive was full of reports of these problems. Since the first world there had been disagreements, complaints and direct interventions requested. The interaction of free thinking beings invariably caused conflict. But, tensions seemed to be on the rise.
‘I ran an analysis of the complaints coming in today versus this time last year. The numbers are up over 1000 percent. And last year saw an increase of 500 percent over the previous year. It has been trending this way for over a decade now,’ Gadreel explained to Helel as they sat at their usual table in the cafe.
‘Which proves my point. This is exactly why we have been working so hard at our gatherings. It is almost time to take this information to the Kings. They will have no choice but to act when they see what has been going on,’ Helel said and filled Gadreel’s glass with yayin.
Gadreel sipped from his cup as aAcholins approached the table. Although they had ordered no food, he began placing dishes before them. Plates heaped with spiced vegetables, moist cakes, a sweet soup, and slices of breads with bowls of salted oil were spread across the polished wooden tabletop. It felt strangely satisfying to ever have to ask for anything. He grabbed a slice of bread, dipped it into the golden bowl and took a bite.
He swallowed before saying, ‘It is becoming a logistical nightmare for the ministry. Their investigative teams are stretched so thin the backlog of cases is embarrassing. If they were smart about this, they would recall those under suspicion and question them here, instead of sending angels out across the universe to investigate. It isn’t logical the way they pursue these things.’
Helel looked at him, deep in thought. Finally, he smiled and said, ‘Gadreel, you are a genius. I see how to make this work in our favor.’
 
Gadreel studied the document. The numbers were quite staggering. It would require precise planning and some delicacy, but it might work. He needed a larger team than was  comfortable, and he understood loyalty only went so far. Azazel had taught him that. 
He pulled up the list he and Helel assembled. It was hard to believe their group now had one hundred and fifty members, just in the Planetary Affairs Ministry. He began going over the names, occasionally removing one from consideration. Penmel was going to have to approve this venture and he wanted to show he had done his homework and had a list that wouldn’t set off any alarms. It was important to remember there were those who wished to circumvent the will of the Kings and many of those individuals had power. This had to be handled delicately.
Gadreel arranged to meet Penmel at the park adjacent to the ministry. That way anyone who saw them would assume they were just two colleagues taking a walk. A little gazebo stood at the center.  Gadreel walked purposefully up the broad, tree-lined avenue. The triangular leaves tinkled like cubes of ice tumbling about in a glass. Small, furry, winged rodents leapt between the branches above. Birds chirped and groups of arella strolled about. He spotted the slope-roofed building ahead. It was a large, six-cornered structure constructed of a pale, nearly white wood. The roof was pink slate that complemented the color and shape of the fronds topping the park's trees. Penmel stood waiting and started toward Gadreel.
‘I was glad that you asked to meet with me. I’ve been wanting to talk to you about the meetings. I have some suggestions for you and Helel,’ Penmel began.
‘And I would love to hear them. And I am here to do a favor for you, but you go first,’ Gadreel replied.
Gadreel tried to listen to the ideas that Penmel spewed in a rapid torrent. Soon after the suggestion regarding uniforms, complete with possible designs, he stopped even trying. The angel was enthusiastic about the cause, but seemed misapprehend its purpose. As near as Gadreel could tell, Penmel viewed their group as some sort of special social club. Eventually, the running diatribe lost steam and he quieted.
‘I will certainly bring it up with Helel. I'm sure he will be glad to receive your input.’ 
Penmel lit up at the comment.
‘I wanted to discuss a matter relevant to the ministry,’ Gadreel continued.
‘I hope you find your work conditions adequate. Is anyone bothering you?’ Penmel asked, a bit nervously.
‘No. No. I am very grateful for the way you run the section and the others treat me well. It is just that I have noticed an issue with the volume of complaints that we have been receiving from off world and would like to help.’
Gadreel brought the list out of his pocket and unfolded it deliberately.
‘I ran a couple of reports and it seems the ministry is getting further and further behind handling follow-ups on planetary complaints involving ministry emissaries. Given the current volume we are seeing, this trend is going to worsen over time. I am here to offer assistance.’
‘I support your efforts to remove all of the ridiculous restrictions and realize you'll be receiving your wings within the next few weeks, but I don’t have the authority to send you off to deal with these complaints. And I will be denied immediately if I request an exception be made,’ Penmel said apologetically. 
‘You misunderstand me, my friend. The last thing I would want to do is create any problems for you. I am here with an idea for a new initiative, led by you. I propose you put together a team,’ he handed over the list, ‘that will be charged with cleaning up some of the backlog. I say we deal directly with the emissaries,’ Gadreel paused, gauging his superior’s reaction.
‘I don’t have the time to take on any extra duties right now,’ he began.
‘And that is where I can help. I will be your silent and invisible assistant. I will manage the day-to-day details of the operation and keep you posted on the progress. We don’t need to mention my involvement at all. This is something I wish to do, to assist the mission of the ministry,’ he finished and waited.
Gadreel watched as Penmel deliberated. He understood what motivated the administrator. Penmel was not an overly diligent angel, but he liked to have authority and enjoyed being considered an innovator. 
‘I’m really at a loss, Gadreel. That is an incredibly generous offer and by the looks of this list, I should be able to convince my superiors to free up these individuals. As far as I can tell they are all in redundant positions. How long would this take?’
‘Just a couple of weeks, if I’m able to get the entire group.’
‘That’s incredible. You really believe you can clear up that many cases in just a couple of weeks? Forgive me. You wouldn’t say it if you didn’t think it could be done. There is one thing. It doesn’t seem fair that you not get credit if this should prove successful. I wouldn’t feel right about hiding you in the background.’
‘I insist, Penmel. It is your wisdom in administering your section that has given me the flexibility to be able to serve this way. You deserve the credit. Besides, if this idea comes from you, it can move forward. If it comes from me, well, we know where it ends up.’
It took several days before Gadreel heard the plan was approved. He used the time wisely and created detailed itineraries for each member of the task force, cross-referencing all the outstanding cases and organizing them. There were over a million contacts to be made. Of course, his group too small to handle this number. He believed he had a neat solution and was anxious to see how well it worked. 
Slender tubes were stacked all around the room he kept at Helel’s estate. Each held very specific instructions for the recipient. He opened one and read the note. It contained a list of names and directions on what to say to each one. Every message sent would begin a chain of instruction that should reach nearly all of the one million contacts he was targeting. Within weeks, he would open a network joining the representatives, almost a third of all angels, who were either feeling disenfranchised or under the pressure of an investigation.
Although Helel created the basic concept, he had figured out how to make it work. This would provide the necessary leverage to bring their proposals to the Kings, which, without proof of dissension, would be a futile enterprise. But if this worked, they would be able to overcome the objections of the large and powerful group suppressing the will of the Kings.
‘Can I see?’ Helel’s asked.
He turned, shocked to see Helel standing behind him, wings unfurled and nearly filling the room.
‘When did that happen?’ he asked, pointing.
‘Just now. I managed to get my time bumped up a bit. My archangel made the recommendation on my recommendation,’ Helel answered, smiling.
‘How was it?’ Gadreel asked.
‘A bit anticlimactic, actually. There wasn’t much of a ceremony. I’m not sure whose idea that was, but it was disappointing. I guess all that really matters is I am ready for the next step. I was getting bored with all the music.’
Helel served his preceptorship under Kerubiel, chief Cherubim and leader of the celestial orchestra, the arella who provided music on Mount Kol itself. Helel was a standout musician and had convinced a large number of the orchestra’s members to join their meetings.
‘Don’t worry. You will be receiving yours very soon,’ he said. ‘So, can I see what you’ve been working on?’
Gadreel handed one of the tubes to Helel and watched as he unfurled the small sheet. A smile lit his face as he read the note, understanding what Gadreel had done.
‘This is wonderful work, Gadreel. What happens if this gets in the wrong hands?’
‘This is Penmel’s initiative, not mine. Besides, it doesn’t say anything dangerous. We are perfectly safe,’ Gadreel answered.
‘You are a quick study. I had better watch you. This is great work!’ Helel embraced him fiercely. ‘You are my right hand, Gadreel.’

Chapter 40
It would take a week. Ariel's excitement made rest difficult. He lay on the pallet, staring at the delicate carvings in the wooden ceiling. He had looked at the scene many times before, but today it held a special meaning for him. The celestial bodies depicted above were systems Araton had helped seed. After this week he would need to commission an addition. 
His mind raced with questions and worries. What if they forgot something? How would the process work? Would it be beautiful? Would they say anything to him? Who else would be there?
Eventually, he heard Araton moving about and raced out to the kitchen, glad to be able to verbally release the torrent of thoughts. He began bombarding his mentor with a string of the questions, but the older angel held up his hand to stop him.
‘Ariel, you have to understand. We cannot mess up. They allow us to participate for our sake, not for theirs. If we missed anything, they can certainly make up for the omission. Don’t worry. Just enjoy the experience. It is something to see.’
He followed Araton outside and took flight close behind his mentor, unassisted and untethered. It seemed so natural and now he had trouble understanding how he had gotten around before his wings.
'Araton, why aren't we heading toward the grove? This isn't the right way. We're going to be late,' he yelled above the rushing wind, but Araton waved aside his objections and maintained his course.
It didn't take long to ascertain their destination. The immense mountain towered over everything and stood directly in their path. Perhaps they would travel with the Kings. The thought filled him with even more excitement. He wondered if he would get to visit the throne room before they departed.
Near the top of the mountain stood a southern facing plateau. Landing on the gently sloping, grassy plain, Ariel noticed the opening, just above their position, shining with the intensity of a star. Despite the massive amounts of energy spilling out above, it was calm and quiet where they stood. He followed Araton toward a arched section of stone which looked slightly darker than the rock face around it. An angel stood stiffly on each side. As they approached, the arch began to glow; growing brighter the closer they came. Neither of the guards moved or looked at them. Araton walked through. Ariel hesitated for a brief moment before following.
They entered what seemed another realm entirely. All evidence of a mountain or a doorway disappeared. Soft sounds of music filled the air with peace and tranquility. He turned toward the source of the melodious din and immediately dropped to his knees.
Seated on a raised marble pedestal were the Kings, sitting on simple, elegant thrones. They didn't turn his way, but he sensed their welcome. Elyon sat in the center, with Adonai and Ruach on either side. Cherubim clustered on the edges of the dais. Amazed, he spotted Gabriel among the group.
Ariel looked over at Araton, who knelt beside him. His mentor glanced over and smiled. His eyes mirrored his own sense of contentment and wonder. They were actually in the throne room of the Kings. Although no verbal command came, he suddenly realized he should no longer kneel. Araton must have received the same message, as they rose together.
They stood on the edge of an immense sea, whose surface was perfectly still, flawless, and to all appearances endless. Seven stones, colors corresponding to each of the choirs, spread along the near edge of the sea at regular intervals.
Ariel surveyed the rest of the room, though that moniker seemed inaccurate. They stood in a large semicircular amphitheater. The outer ring of the space was filled with musicians playing the sweetest  music. He scanned the rows of blue-robed Cherubim. In the middle of the group, acting as conductor, stood Helel, looking proud and beautiful. He seemed to sense Ariel's gaze and looked up, locking eyes with his former housemate. He stared intently for a moment, then returned to his duties.
Ariel continued his awed inspection of the throne room. In front of the Kings stood the twin, massive, prime trees of the grove. Nearby, a group of Cherubim tending a bonfire in a large, shallow, brass bowl. To their side lay the ornate box housing the Kingdom's law. 
Suddenly the music stopped. We must be getting ready to depart, Ariel thought, and waited for command to proceed to the grove, but no command came. Instead, the arella around the throne began to join the ranks of those on the edges. Araton grabbed his arm and pulled him off to the side, to marble seats located on the periphery of the space.
Hasdiel, the celestial scribe, stepped onto the bottom step of the pedestal, which held the throne. He turned out toward the sea and stood, motionless, staring across the open expanse.
A sudden trumpet blast interrupted the silence. A slight breeze began moving. The surface of the great sea rippled delicately under the wind's touch. As he watched, the water drew away from the near shore, revealing a seabed as black as night. The wind increased and the water pushed into a mass which rushed away in a wall that grew until it filled the sky before them. The pale blue firmament disappeared and the scene darkened.
In the faint light, Ariel spotted a massive, dark orb approaching. Though barely discernible, he realized it was growing and assumed it must be coming toward them. Something about the large ball was familiar.
The entire room fell silent, watching with fascination. This wasn't what he expected. They should be on their way to the grove and traveling toward Gaia.
A deep voice interrupted his thoughts. A word rang out in the stillness. He did not recognize the word, but he somehow knew it. It was the word. The word of initiation. He couldn't repeat it, but he watched it begin.
The great orb exploded in a dazzling display of light, becoming instantly alive with energy and heat. The immense glowing globe drifted off to the side and Ariel perceived, in the newly brightened space, a much smaller sphere approaching. How was he seeing Gaia?
A voice answered inside of this own head.
'You must understand here and there do no exist for us. We are where we are and now we are creating a new world, a world you helped prepare. You did well. This is a special creation. One which has been planned for a millennium and will be the site of a great and terrible chapter in the history of the Kingdom. In time the entire universe will come to realize that this creation marks a pivotal turning point. Many will be tempted to doubt the wisdom of this creation, but I ask you to have faith that it is for the greater good that we gather here today.’
Was it possible for a creation to be both great and terrible? He was so excited to be witnessing this and so confused by what he saw and heard. There was no here or there? What did that mean? Again the voice answered him inside his own head.
'Some things you are unable to understand, but your faith is strong. We would ask that you continue to believe. We are not restricted by space and time the way the created are. While you are here, in the throne room with us, these limitations do not apply to you either. You are literally in that small solar system in the Milky Way, but you are also here, securely seated in Mount Kol. You are going to witness a process requiring a week, but to you it will seem like minutes have passed. The word has been spoken and that single word spawns all of creation, but we will explain it to you as we go.'
The word echoed in his head and the stationary planet warmed before his eyes. The large swathes of gray ice converted to steam as the unfiltered energy of the sun hit the planet's surface. A cloud formed over the planet as the solids became gases and expanded. This canopy, which existed as a warm mist at its lower altitudes and an icy shell at its upper reaches, would protect the surface of the planet from the intense rays of the central star. The sky below served as a protective layer, but also contained the oxygen and nitrogen the life forms would use to breath.
He glanced over and his mentor smiled. ‘It’s perfect’ he thought, and Araton nodded.
The planet started to rotate under its thick shroud. He tried to imagine what was happening beneath the cover, and suddenly was there, the word echoing in his head.
As new fields of ice became exposed to the sun and the temperature inside the planet's atmosphere stabilized, the ice melted quickly. Soon, waterways formed and expanded. Huge glacial fields liquified within minutes, causing great gorges to be carved, as water rushed to fill in the lower elevations. The movement of so much water pressed vast plates of rock together and upward. Mountains erupted from the plains, crevices became canyons. The entire surface of the planet  moved in a torrent of water and stone. One by one the individual masses of land collected into one continent with tremendous force. Powerful collisions caused the edges to crumple under the pressure, stacking up great ranges along the length of the impacts.
The word echoed in his head and the gray surface of the planet became alive with a multitude of colors and textures. Great forests spread across mountain slopes. Open plains sprouted with flowers, fields of grass, and plants of all kinds.
'Do you recognize the species we have chosen, Ariel? You have probably seen many of these in your travels around the city,' the voice said.
He had expected some sort of mass seeding, not this instant transformation. How had an entire planet instantly been covered with hundreds of thousands of different types of plants?
'Remember that space is not relevant. You have seen the numerous parks of this city, the great estates, the various ecosystems around the Kingdom. We just moved a few trees and plants to the new world. These will grow and multiply and fill the planet for generations to come.'
He wondered if the animal species that would inhabit Gaia were also taken from the kingdom?
As if on command, the trees and skies filled with all types of birds. Great sea creatures broke above the surface of the great seas. The plains and forests before them erupted with a wide variety of life.
'The animal habitat is where we house new creations until we place them to start a population on a new world. That is why you are all bonded to a specific creature from that place, to remind you that you have the privilege to serve our creation.'
It was so beautiful. Everywhere he looked he saw life. Rocky barrenness and frozen expanses of water had been replaced by beauty and energy and joy. He knew five days had now passed, but it seemed like minutes.  One more creation remained. He waited expectantly.
Adonai rose. He walked toward the great trees standing on the edge of the sea, before the throne. He touched first the tree of life, then the tree of knowledge. He stepped from shore and onto the planet's surface. Instantly, an exact duplicate of each tree stood on either side of him.
The planet was now connected to the Kingdom by a pathway. Representatives of the Kingdom and Gaia would travel back and forth, dealing with the issues confronting the planet. But who would be the sentient inhabitants of this new planet?
Adonai knelt and formed the shape of a wingless arella in the dust. It was similar to what happened at telmid creations, only this time he used his own hands to form every part. Once done, he bent down and exhaled into the face of the sculpture. The word echoed in Ariel's head and the figure took on the appearance of flesh.
It opened its eyes and looked directly at its creator, a look of adoration on its face. Adonai gently laid the figure down and touched its side. The word echoed in Ariel's head. Suddenly another creature, one slightly smaller, yet beautiful in appearance, appeared beside it.
‘They look just like us,’ Ariel whispered to Araton.
Adonai talked quietly with the new creatures, giving them instructions and offering his welcome and blessing. Ariel sat with Araton, amazed at what he they witnessed. His concerns seemed suddenly foolish. Araton had been right. The Kings didn't need his help with creation, but he was so grateful they wanted it. He felt incredible satisfaction for his small part in the creation of this new world.
Adonai returned to his throne and sat, looking pleased.
'Was that good?' the voice asked.
‘It was good,’ Ariel thought.

Chapter 41
Azazel's robe was made of deep blue silk with thicker white bands of fabric stitched at the cuffs, collar and hem. The white neckline was bordered with a double braid of a golden rope looping in and out of the material, like a sea serpent rising and plunging along the water's surface.
This beautiful cord stretched, pulled by unseen hands, upward toward the heavens. As it rose, the collar constricted more and more tightly around Azazel's neck, which distended above the taut rope.
Azazel gurgled audibly, but at least the avalanche of words was stifled. With a loud tear, the bottom hem of his robe ripped free and began winding itself up, creating a fist-sized ball of white and gold. This shot violently into the Azazel's open mouth, further muffling the noise. Apparently even the inarticulate grunting was too much for Helel to take.
'What makes you believe you can walk away? Do you think I will let you, once again, abandon the cause you started? You stinking coward!' Helel spat the words into Azazel's face.
'You cannot forsake this any more than Gadreel or I can. We see this all the way through. You will not betray us like you did Quemel and Maleyan. You sicken me.'
Something pushed Helel roughly away. He spun toward Gadreel.
'Can you please help restrain him, unless you are busy?' Helel said.
A split second later, Azazel's ankles were pulled together, rigid arms frozen securely to his side. He struggled briefly, then, realizing the futility, the fight dissipated and he hung limply, pinioned by Gadreel's invisible tethers.
Helel turned back toward Azazel and addressed him much more calmly, 'I want you to understand one thing. There is no way out. If you attempt to repeat your performance of a millennium ago, I will go to the Kings and tell them you are the one who started this whole thing. You took impressionable students and filled them with seditious thoughts and now are attempting to deny responsibility. Do you understand that, Azazel?' Helel asked with icy intensity.
Azazel nodded his head, straining against the pressure of his gag in the process.
'Can I let you go without you acting like a fool again?' Helel asked.
Azazel again nodded and suddenly collapsed to his knees as the visible and invisible cords binding him released. He knelt on all fours, gasping for air and shaking in a spastic rhythm.
Gadreel studied their former trainer with pity and understanding. His had been as stunned by Helel's actions as the older angel. Azazel's reaction was quicker and only Helel's sudden and vicious response to the outburst silenced his own complaints. It was quite stunning how quickly Helel subdued a powerful arella, with much more experience. Gadreel had no idea what forces Helel utilized in restraining Azazel. Yet again his friend's capabilities surprised him.
The meeting had been a disaster. Helel informed him on the way to the throne room where they were headed. His nervousness increased as they neared Mount Kol and nearly overpowered him as he entered the presence of the Kings. Helel was frequently in the throne room and barely seemed to notice his surroundings, but Gadreel had never been and couldn't stop gawking at everything. Azazel was smooth and unaffected, only increasing his feelings of awkwardness.
Azazel spoke first and had, quite humbly, submitted the list of requests. He explained that they were there as the representatives of a large number of arella who were concerned that many of the rules being imposed were contrary to the stated will of the Kings.
Elyon spoke on behalf of the Kings and explained that the rules are put in place to protect free will. He said that freedom without boundaries created a chaotic environment for all. If everyone did anything they wished, no one would be able to lead fulfilled lives.
At this point, Helel interrupted, forcefully. Both Gadreel and Azazel were stunned by the demanding tone he used. He said the Kings were guilty of hypocrisy and the free will they spoke of was an illusion. He accused them of tyranny and demanded, on behalf of a force of millions of arella, that their list of demands, as he called them, be met.
Elyon replied that the rules are a necessity of a civil society and anarchy are a product of chaos, not creation. He explained that the very nature of the Kings is creative, which is both orderly and driven by specific rules. Chaos is antithetical to that creative principal.
At that point, Helel marched out of the throne room, with Gadreel and Azazel forced to follow along. In his fury, Helel immediately took flight and exited Mount Kol. It required several minutes of hard flying for Azazel to catch Helel and confront him.
So, as Gadreel watched Azazel crawling pathetically on the ground, he was somewhat sympathetic. He was also scared. The three of them, regardless of intent, had just given the Kings a list of demands. He was shocked that they hadn't been instantly vaporized. He wondered how long it would take the Kings to amend this oversight.
He began to speak to Helel, but a stern look and a shake of the head stopped him.
'Are you with us, Azazel? Or do I need to return to the Kings and explain the situation?' Helel asked.
Azazel nodded and stumbled away. He didn't seem to know where he was going. He just staggered blindly along looking around as if unsure which way to go.
'Thanks for waiting until he left. I don't think we should talk freely in front of Azazel any longer. He has once more proven his cowardice. But you have, once again, shown your bravery and steadfastness. I know I can count on you, Gadreel.'
Gadreel wasn't sure how to respond. Suddenly, all of his objections seemed liked acts of betrayal. But he needed to understand where they were going with all of this. They never spoke of taking it to this level. He only wanted to serve the Kings, not confront and accuse them.
'Helel, help me understand what the strategy is here. This is not what we talked about. You know we believe in the same thing, but I don't recall any mention of making demands of the Kings. Did I miss something?'
'Gadreel, this is the plan. Don't look so worried. I understand how these things work. Remember that my preceptorship is in the throne room. Everyone thinks the Kings will annihilate anyone who disagrees with them.'
Gadreel thought of his instinctual fear and nodded in agreement.
'The reality is it is completely against their character to destroy. Azazel is living proof of that. That sniveling coward has outlived his own rebellion by a full millennium.’
'But what about Quemel and Maleyan?' Gadreel asked.
'They killed a native,' answered Helel. 'They weren't executed for the rebellion. That is a story they allow to circulate to keep us in line. If Azazel hadn't been such a weakling, we wouldn't need to be here. This would be done already. But he failed to follow through, so we must. And we will follow this through, all the way to the end. There is no going back!'
'But, Helel, we have been saying we are defending the will of the Kings. Now, the Kings say these rules are in place because of their will. How do we justify moving forward when they explicitly said these laws are ordained by them?' Gadreel asked.
'Did you listen to what the Kings said? They said we need rules in order to have a civil society, which is, of course, correct. However, that does not mean the existing rules aren't wrong. We need amendments to the current legal framework. That is the real objective here. We need to have rules, but those rules should take into account our desires. When we serve as administrators on other worlds, we are forced to give the natives the ability to govern themselves. And yet, we, a much higher form of life, don't possess that right. We abide by arbitrary rules with no means of self-representation. Primitive, uneducated and backwards species have more rights and privileges than we. Why is it we alone lack the power to create? We have no offspring. Why?'
Gadreel could not answer. He wondered these things himself. It didn't seem fair they were denied the rights that other species enjoyed. But what could be gained by challenging the Kings?
'So what can we do to change any of this?' Gadreel asked.
'We've already done it. Actually, I should say you've already done it.'
'Me. What did I do?'
'How may responses to your message came back?'
'About seventy-five percent of the messages were answered. I instructed individuals who received their correspondence and planned to comply, to send a two-digit response. Those uninterested, a single digit reply. We currently have about 750,000 affirmative responses, to 30,000 negative replies. I expect, given that rate, about 900,000 arella...' he stopped as he realized what he was saying.
'Now you get it,' Helel said, smiling. 'We have an army coming and a mission for them to accomplish. We are going to change things, my friend. You and I.'

Chapter 42
Red dust rose in a cloud as he dropped to the planet’s surface. One hundred and twenty million kilocubits away, the new planet Gaia appeared as just a tiny blue gem, dangling in the darkness. Araton was still on the sister planet, monitoring the expansion and migration of several species. Ariel had been eager to start on his solo project and had decided to do his initial survey of planetary matter.
For such a proximal planet, it was striking how different the composition of this world was from Gaia. It was much more ferrous with a very low-density atmosphere and large quantities water, trapped in a permafrost at the poles and within the thick, cold crust. The process of seeding the planet would vary accordingly.
The current mass of the planet was about one-sixth that of Gaia's. He would be increasing the volume by about four times, leaving it the smaller of the sister planets. It already possessed some interesting characteristics that he hoped to utilize and augment in developing this world, the main being the massive mountain that dominated the central plain of the southern hemisphere. His proposed keeping the enormous peak, intact, as a homage to Mount Kol. The mount would serve as an ideal habitat for a number of the coming residents. The dominant species was to be very similar to the human inhabitants of Gaia, but most of the lower forms were quite different, some being brand new and yet to be dispersed.
He discussed some of his ideas with Araton, who enthusiastically supported him. Araton would work with him, in a support role, and then they would most likely be separated. 
Ariel still lived at Araton's estate. He was offered the choice of a number of available homes. The residence ministry sent him numerous files and were anxious to get his selection, but so far he found himself unable to make a decision. The thought of living on his own didn't appeal to him. After losing Gadreel, he did not like to think of being separated from Araton, but he knew that he would have to move soon.
He completed doing an ultraviolet analysis and waited for the small array to save the data into his project grouping. He had all of the information he would need to progress to the next stage, but he lingered, happy to absorb the stark beauty of the barren, red landscape. As he walked, causing a cloud of red dust to follow, he tried to imagine the way that the vista before him would change under the guidance of the Kings.
A flash of light beside him interrupted his reflection and caused him to stop suddenly. A shimmering, transparent wall appeared and a pair of large Seraphim stepped through, each holding one a staff, taken from wood of the grove, holding the temporary pathway open. They stood to either side as Araton and a companion appeared.
The angel that stepped forward with Araton looked familiar. Barman, archangel of the Seraphim he knew, although why such an important visitor was here was a mystery. He extended his arm in greeting.
'Ariel, it is good to meet you. My old friend Araton has spoken very highly of you,' Barman said.
Araton strode up and grasped Ariel's arm firmly.
'Barman has come to escort us to the city, Ariel. It has been requested that we return immediately.'
'I have completed the necessary surveys, so it is no problem, but why we are being escorted back?'
'All non-essential angelic representatives have been recalled. I'm not totally sure of the reason, but I suspect that it is due to some of the rumors that have been going around. I would rather not get into details, but there have been quite a few reports of mounting tensions on various worlds and even a few incidents at the academy itself. It must be something extraordinary. A full force recall is unprecedented.'
'Is there any link between the incidents?' Ariel asked.
'I didn't really want to discuss this with you, Ariel, but Gadreel and Helel's names seem to be mentioned wherever these issues appear. I fear that your two friends are deeply involved in something dangerous,' Araton answered.
'Gadreel? That isn't possible, Araton.'
'I hope you are right, Ariel. It could be that the reports are inaccurate, but perhaps you might try to find your friend when we return. There might be a chance that you can make him listen to reason, if, in fact, he is involved.'
'If you do see Gadreel, Ariel, I would ask that you use caution. We have had a number of altercations involving physical force. I'm not suggesting that he might try to hurt you, but tensions are really high right now. There is something going on that is turning former friends against each other in a very disturbing way. I've personally respond to far too many unusual complaints lately. So just be cautious, please,' Barman said.
With that Barman turned and strode back toward the pathway. Araton and Ariel followed and stepped through. Instantly, they were in the Eternal City. The area was remarkably busy. All around them angels appeared in small bands. Every couple of seconds twenty or thirty new groups appeared and hurried off. The constant flow was stunning. Barman excused himself and turned to fight the tide of incoming arella. He explained that he had a large list of retrievals still to make and set off, anxious to fulfill his mission. As Ariel and Araton put distance between themselves and the grove, the traffic did little to dissipate. They walked down the city street given the level of congestion in the sky.
Ariel was anxious to find Gadreel and talk with him. He couldn't believe that all of this commotion could have been caused by his friend, even if he were under Helel's influence, but he needed to make certain of the fact. He knew that Gadreel worked at the Ministry of Planetary Affairs and decided to go straight there. Araton wished him well and set off toward his home. Ariel promised to be careful and said that he would join him at the estate as soon as he spoke with Gadreel.
The streets were choked with chariots and arella, like himself, afoot, but the skies above were even worse. He resigned himself to a slow, but steady pace and concentrated on avoiding the frequent collisions occurring all around. Just ahead, two chariot wheels got tangled together, and as the alicorns pulled away, one of the vehicles capsized, spilling four startled passengers onto the hard street surface. Others stopping to help, or to gawk, further clogging the flow through the area, until it was a packed sea of bodies, all trying to go in different directions. Ariel spotted an opening and turned up a pathway leading through the adjacent park.
Once inside the large, thick hedge it was easy going. This particular woodland was a study in simplicity. A carpet of short grass and mosses covered the ground that he walked on. This green blanket was a stunning contrast to the uniform white trunks of widely spaced trees. The branches of this species of tree did not grow close to the ground, but created a dense canopy, which allowed a limited amount of soft and broken light to enter. No paths were necessary as the open area under the verdant umbrella was perfect for comfortable strolling. And so far the inhabitants of the busy streets outside the hedge had not discovered this sanctuary. Ariel found himself alone in the woods.
The only challenge was to avoid veering off course amid the uniformity of the trees. He walked at a comfortable pace, happy to be off of the overloaded streets. The din of the congestion outside effectively cut off upon entry into the park. Ariel thought about what to say to Gadreel as he walked, trying to maintain the proper direction.
A flash of yellow in the trees ahead caught his attention. He saw a robed figure, obviously of Malakim Choir. A pair of angry sounding voices reached his ear and a second figure, robed in the violet of Hashmalim, appeared close to his companion. Suddenly, a flash of light appeared and the yellow-robed arella flew several cubits through the air, colliding with the white trunk of a tree, and collapsing onto the green carpet. Ariel set off at a run toward the two. As he neared he could see that they were telmid, likely third years.
'Mastena. Don't even think about doing that again,' Ariel yelled at the attacker.
The Hashmalim member spun to face him, rage and violence in his eyes. Before the young arella had a chance, Ariel sent a sharp blast of air, causing him to trip abruptly backward and fall to the ground.
'Och, are you injured?' he asked the yellow-robed figure, who was attempting to rise.
He knelt beside the figure and saw the burned garment. The skin was red, but not badly damaged. Och was stunned and scared, but not seriously hurt.
Ariel stood and walked toward Mastena.
'What is the meaning of this?' he asked accusingly.
'He called the Dragon a traitor,' Mastena hissed, still boiling with anger, although somewhat more subdued.
'The Dragon?' Ariel asked, confused.
'Yes. The fearless Dragon who is championing the arella cause. He is demanding equal rights for arella. Some of the students started calling him the Dragon, because his words are like a consuming fire and there is none that can stand up to him.'
'Who are you talking about?' Ariel asked with a growing sense of dread.
'Helel. Where exactly have you been? Everyone is talking about Helel. He is incredible,' Mastena said reverently.
'He is a traitor,' Och countered in a strained voice.
Mastena lifted his hands, but a quick glance at Ariel caused him to stop. Things were much worse than Ariel feared. If matters had gone this far, how was he to get his friend out. And what was he supposed to do about these two?
'Mastena, are you permitted to use your abilities to injure another?' he asked in his most authoritative voice.
The Hashmalim lowered his head, but did not answer. His anger had gone and he displayed all of the physical signs of regret and fear.
'I will remember this, but I am not going to report you if you promise me not to act in this shameful manner again.'
Mastena shook his head earnestly and raised his face to look at Ariel hopefully.
'Get out of here,' he ordered.
Mastena did not hesitate. He jumped to his feet and nearly ran in the opposite direction. Ariel turned to Och.
'Are you going to be alright?' he asked.
'I'm fine. And I'm sorry. I shouldn't have provoked him. Helel's followers get very defensive of their leader.'
'Don't be sorry. I fear that you might be correct about Helel.'
Ariel helped the young telmid to his feet and walked with him to the park boundary. He wished Och well and turned onto the still busy street, heading toward the ministry.

Chapter 43
Gadreel looked out over the vast numbers stretched beneath him near the western wall of the city. It was a stunning spectacle. Millions of angels had come to the city, arriving just as he dictated in his letters. Even so, the absolute success of the scheme surprised him. The number of affirmative replies was overwhelming, but he had not anticipated the crowd that gathered before him. He stood with Helel on the top of a flat-roofed building that towered a hundred cubits above the crowd. Helel was dressed in a robe that was as black as his hair. He purposely left off any of his choir armor, choosing only to drape his serpent around his neck. With a simple weave of air, Helel created an audio amplifier and addressed the assembled throng.
‘My friends and fellow arella, we gather here to usher in a new destiny. As you know, I have fought for your freedom, to the point of standing before the throne of the three Kings to ask for concessions on your behalf. They have been unwilling to budge on any of our requests, but today I say that we are going to send a much stronger message. As the most powerful creations in the universe, we deserve more than a life of servitude. I promise you, that I would rather die then let any of you be forced to spend eternity in the shackles of slavery. I do not ask anything of you except that you let me lead you to a better life; a life where you choose what you want to do. You deserve freedom and I will give it to you in abundance.’
A cheer rose up, scattered at first, but building until the chant of ‘He-lel, He-lel’ rolled across the gathering in a loud crescendo. He looked over to his left and knew he had never seen Helel happier in all of his life.
‘You certainly didn't disappoint, Gadreel. This is an incredible thing you accomplished. I have Azazel marching at the head of the eastern group, and the western group is under your control. I know you are up to the task. Do not let anything slow down your advance. I don't believe there will be much of an attempt to stop us, but we must be ready.’
What in the cosmos had he got himself into? He had ignored a dozen opportunities to simply walk away and abandon this plan. Why? Had he gone too far to turn back now? He believed, despite Helel’s assertions, that Quemel and Maleyan were destroyed for something much less dramatic, but what if he repented now? A part of him longed to have the most menial job in the Kingdom rather than continue in this role.
‘Gadreel? Tell me you are up to this task. Tell me you are not afraid?’
What did he say? Afraid? He was a lion of Aralim and feared nothing. A voice in his head told him that Helel was simply trying to manipulate him. He shook it off. Whether that was true or not, he would not be known throughout the ages as the coward that abandoned his post. He would not be like Azazel.
‘I am not afraid, Helel. I will lead this group to Mount Kol and face whatever consequences our actions lead to.’
Helel smiled broadly and Gadreel noticed something about the smile his old friend wore. That winning smile, that served as a magnet to anyone that met Helel, looked strangely dangerous. Helel appeared so at ease, so in control of himself, that it looked as if he were experiencing true joy. But his look was so at odds with what Gadreel felt that it seemed incomprehensible.
‘It is very important that both groups coordinate their advance, so that even if we are attacked, we will overwhelm them from both directions. I will oversee the march and send reinforcements wherever they are needed. Remember, Gadreel, if the Kings attack they will not be taking prisoners and will show no mercy, so we must respond likewise. Use all of the force that we have trained in and let us put an end to this today. This time tomorrow we will have established a rule of law based on true free will, where all are free to live as we choose.’
‘I understand, Helel.’
‘Good. Remember, when you see the beam of light in the sky, march and do not stop until we stand on the mount itself.’
Gadreel did not have to wait long for the signal. Soon after Helel departed, a glaring white beam of light shot skyward, and it was time. He signaled to a group of angels holding trumpets to sound the advance.
Instantly the massive group pressed ahead. Gadreel took his position near the western gate to direct the group through the choke-point, his first area of concern along the route. Even a small number of defenders might hold up the march here, and he wanted to get a contingent through before a defensive line was established. He called forward a squad of his best trained arella, and the moment they approached the gate, he led them through.
He expected that they would face some opposition here, but found none. The area around the western gate was deserted. Helel was right. No one in the city imagined a march would come on rest day, and they were all likely gathered in the center of the city on celebration plain.
Once his group breached the walls, he instructed the remainder to file through and then to fan in a line ten deep. Part of his company would advance along the ground, others would fly above to cover their progress from the sky. Everything was going smoothly.
Suddenly, a large flash of light appeared to the north, followed by the sound of a tremendous explosion. Something was happening. Gadreel didn’t hesitate a moment, but took off at top speed towards the north. He stayed low above the ground, flying agilely a few cubits above the level of the roofs and trees below him. He spotted smoke coming from the wreckage of a nearby building, situated on the western edge of the great arids. He landed near a group of angels kicking around in the rubble.
‘What happened here?’ he demanded. ‘Were you under attack?’
‘No, sir. Harzuk here was giving a little retribution to a choir mate of his that betrayed him.’
Gadreel turned to face the angel called Harzuk. Now that he realized this was not an attack, his anger was kindled. He grabbed the dark arella by the front of his robe and held him tight.
‘What is wrong with you!’ he screamed. ‘This is not how we will behave ourselves! We are here to liberate this city, not destroy it!’
‘Get your hands off of me,’ Harzuk answered. Gadreel saw the hatred in the other's eyes.
In the distance there were more explosions now. Gadreel shoved Harzuk away from him, and turned toward the sound. Another series of detonations sounded from both the north and the south.
‘Looks like I am not the only one wanting payback,’ Harzuk said.
‘Maybe they are fighting back,’ another member of the party said, a bit nervously.
Suddenly, immense fireballs landed nearby, lifting Gadreel and the others into the air before slamming them into the charred earth some distance away. ‘They are indeed fighting back,’ he thought.
He picked himself up and took cover behind a crumpled wall. To the north more fireballs were coming in their direction from a line of trees in the foothills of the alpine mountains.
‘Follow me,’ he yelled to the group. Gadreel spread his wings and flew towards the hills to the north. Thirty angels followed in his wake.
A large fireball flew past him in the opposite direction, close enough to touch. He darted left, then right, avoiding further volleys from the tree line ahead. Once he cleared the arids and was above the trees, he landed, taking advantage of the natural cover. This should be near the spot where the enemy was firing upon them. He crept slowly, squinting against the light for any sign of movement. Behind him, his companions crashed through the forest, making no effort at stealth.
What was he to do now? Why was his initial reaction always to jump right in without thinking? He should wait for the others. But as loud as they were, they would certainly not surprise their attackers. He decided to veer off to the left, hoping to flank the defender’s line. If he crept in behind them, perhaps he might stop them before anyone got hurt.
Something moved in the tree above of him. He crouched low and waited. The sound was coming in his direction. Now, he saw the branches move. He readied a power bolt to stun his opponent.
With a loud screech a familiar, winged form shot down toward him.
‘Shadow,’ he exclaimed in a barely audible tone.
‘No, Shadow, go away. Go home! Get out of here!’
But the griffin did not listen. She recognized her pair bond’s best friend and flew in his direction, landing beside him.
‘Shadow, you can’t be…’
‘Gadreel, is that you?’
Standing if front of him was Ariel.
‘It is you! Oh Gadreel, I am so glad to see you. Are you involved in this attack on our home? No, you can’t be. Tell me you’re not!’
Gadreel stood, looking at his friend, totally unsure of what to do. 
‘Gadreel, tell me you are not part of this!’ Ariel said, tears gathering along the edges of those familiar eyes.
‘Yes, I am. We are here to put an end to the injustice that arella are forced to endure. We are going to have a home where we can live as we wish.’ Even as he said it, a surge of shame washed over him. Did he believe this? Had he ever really been unhappy under the rule of the Kings?
‘What is this nonsense you are spewing? That is not you speaking, that is Helel! Give up this insanity, Gadreel! Surely the Kings will have mercy upon you and take you back. Please; you are my best friend and I cannot stand to lose you to this stupidity!’
It would be a moment that Gadreel would replay in his mind for millennia to come. He would like to go with Ariel and walk off of this battlefield as friends. He wanted to have long talks with his best friend again, as they played bocket with no worry in the world. He longed for adventures with Ariel, being tailed by Shadow and Fang. He would give this up.
But a flash of light and two screams pulled him violently out of his fantasy and ushered him into a new reality where changing his mind was no longer an option.
The force of the explosion knocked him back, spinning him around and causing a loud ringing in his ears. The smells of smoke and burnt hair were coupled with a sick, sweet aroma that he didn’t recognize.
Gadreel shook his head to clear it and looked at the scene. Shadow lay limply on top of Ariel, neither of them moving. He rose from the dirt, and quickly ran to kneel down beside the two of them. Shadow was gone, her side crushed in a mass of blood and gore. Ariel, too, appeared dead, his face covered in blood. Gadreel tried to rouse his friend, but he lay pale and lifeless.
Anger rose inside of him. He turned to face Ariel’s attacker. Surely one of the imbeciles that followed him was responsible for this attack. He would make them pay.
But to his surprise, Helel stood there, watching intently. Unable to restrain himself, he burst into tears.
‘Helel, why did you kill Ariel? Why did you kill my friend?’
‘Gadreel, that hurt me as much as it did you. But your friend was part of the attack on our march. We came in protest, but they came in violence. I had to save you. I know how devastating this is and I am sorry for your loss, Gadreel, but we must move on.’
Gadreel lunged at Helel. He collided with an invisible wall. He pushed against it, straining to break through. He threw all of his energy against it, but was unable to decipher its composition. Helel stood watching his efforts with nonchalance.
‘He was trying to manipulate you, Gadreel. And if I didn't come, he may have succeeded. Do you think, now that we have blood on our hands, that the Kings will simply forgive and forget? Will they believe that you brought together this force with peaceful intentions? Our only chance now is to take by force what is rightfully ours, and take it by force today!’
‘But he was my friend,’ Gadreel said through thick sobs, as he buried his face in his hands, attempting to escape the image of Ariel lying dead, beneath the crushed body of his pair bond.
After that, things progressed in some sort of nightmare. Helel pulled him up and directed him toward the sound of distant explosions. They rejoined his main force. He mumbled a few orders, mainly by instinct, but was haunted by the image of his dead friend’s blank eyes.
It mattered little. Once the huge force got rolling, nothing was going to stop it. Helel's assumptions about the defenses proved accurate. The swarming army met minimal resistance, except for small bands of angels defending doomed pieces of the city. Any groups they met outside of the celebration plain were hopelessly outnumbered and easily overrun.
This began to change as they approached the central mountain, however, and Helel was in no mood to be stopped on the brink of victory, especially by his lieutenant’s sentimentality. The western group finally met stiff resistance as they neared the plain where hundreds of thousands of the city’s arella gathered. The defenders held the high ground that the army must capture if it hoped to reach Mount Kol.
Volley after volley pummeled the defending line, each landing with tremendous force, blowing apart trees and sending shock waves through the ground. Occasionally, the silhouette of an arella thrown violently through the air accompanied an explosion. Gadreel watched all of this through disinterested eyes, his mind trapped in the woods where Ariel and Shadow lay in a heap, dead. A voice boomed, directed at him, from somewhere in the distance. He looked and saw Helel, standing a cubit away, wearing an expression of sheer rage.
‘Gadreel! You said that you would take this group to the Mount no matter the consequences. Well, take them. Our force is advancing, except for your western group. Azazel is performing heroically compared with you. I will be forced to replace you with someone with enough courage for the task if you do not do something right away!’
Someone with enough courage? Did Helel think that he was shirking his task because of bravery? That was ridiculous. There wasn't a single moment in his life when he cared less about getting hurt or killed. In fact, death seemed favorable to the tremendous guilt that lay on him like a shroud.
‘You want me to do something, Helel? Then I will do something. But it is not for this damned cause of yours. I will do it because I can't stand the weight of what we have already done. I prefer death to the guilt I feel.’
‘I do not care what you use for motivation, Gadreel; just push forward. We are on the brink of victory and do not have a moment to spare.’
Gadreel resisted the temptation to attack Helel. His friend lay dead in the woods, and Helel wanted yet more destruction. But what good would that do? The damage was done. They did not deserve any mercy from the Kings. Their only hope now was for an overwhelming victory.
So, instead of attacking Helel, Gadreel took his fury out on those defending the celebration plain. He rushed forward with reckless abandon, followed, slowly at first, by bands of attackers from his group. He easily deflected all attacks. They were amateurs. He showed them war. A group on the left was positioned in a patch of woods on a small ridge. An ionic reversal caused the hill to explode, its occupants cast aside like driftwood. A squad on to his right tried to attack, but an intense cyclonic wind shredded their line to bits.
And still he went forward, occasionally flying above to rain down havoc upon the defending lines. In the wake of his fury, the western flank surged, raining down terror on the overwhelmed defenders and capturing legions of prisoners who lost their taste for battle.
The fight raged in an ever-shrinking circle, surrounding the central mountain on the distant side of celebration plain.
Shouts of ‘victory’ and ‘the Kings have abandoned you’ rang out. Was it true? Gadreel expected to be destroyed with every moment, by a bolt from Mount Kol, but on they pressed without reply from the throne of the Kings.
As he emerged from the woods and looked out on the plain where he had come weekly for more then seven years, the sheer scale of their attack became visible. On all sides the massive group pressed in. But the plain little resembled that place that was reserved for their celebrations. It was pockmarked with massive craters and great numbers of the injured lay scattered about, lying in the open with no protection from the tumult of energy that was raining in their midst. He realized with shock that they were on the brink of victory.
Perhaps Helel was correct in his assumption that the Kings were incapable of destroying their creations, no matter the consequences. Was it possible that the countless hours of training in their secret meetings gave them such an advantage that victory could be achieved so easily? It seemed so. However, this brought no joy to Gadreel. He had been comforted by the fact that he would soon meet his end and this would relieve him of the tremendous guilt that had overwhelmed him at Ariel’s death. Now, with victory seemingly at hand, he faced the real possibility of living with these consequences for eternity. 

Chapter 44
The small cloud of yellow feathers fell into the depths as the jaws of the serpent clenched. He opened his eyes, trying to rid himself of the image of the shattered creature, but the blackness remained. His body was racked in pain as he attempted to move within his tomb of darkness. His muscles seemed as if they were encased in a leaden shroud, which blocked out all light and sound. An ache throbbed behind his temples and his ears hummed in a watery stillness. He was unable to make sense of it all.
He recalled a somber celebration morning, with many faces absent. Arella whispered about an influx of angels from other worlds and what that portended. He remembered hearing an explosion to the west and word spread that there was an attack. He headed towards home, with Shadow on his heals, when a blast of heat and light grazed his shoulder, narrowly missing his face.
The blow had sent him reeling and careening toward the trees below. The boughs of a large pine impeded the momentum of his fall, and he had managed to grasp a branch, changing his trajectory into a violent arch that allowed him to swing out and drop to the ground without serious injury.
Gadreel! He remembered seeing Gadreel. After his fruitless search of the last day he inexplicably found the one he was seeking. His old friend, whom he longed to talk to before it was too late, appeared, miraculously, in the very woods that he fell into. He recalled thinking that there was hope for Gadreel, whose eyes showed regret and sorrow.
Then a flash of light had thrown him back. And Shadow! No! He relived the loud screech and the touch of his pair bond’s wings against his face.
‘Shadow,’ he muttered and heaved with arms that seemed to be remembering how to move. Bright light filled his eyes, causing a watery dew to briefly cloud his vision. He wriggled free of the weight and sat up. There, beside him and still partially on top of him was the limp body of Shadow.
‘No, Shadow, move. Please move. No, girl, you are going to be OK.’ He shook her and begged her to move. But she didn’t. He looked at her lying there and horror filled him as he spotted the bloody tangle of her side. He continued shaking her, trying to get her to stir, but she remained lifeless and unmoving.
The impact of what the scene suddenly dawned upon him. His precious Shadow was dead. From what? From Gadreel. Yes, his old friend tried to kill him while they talked and this beautiful animal, that now lay lifeless at his feet, saved him. He would make Gadreel pay for this. How could his best friend have changed so drastically that he would be willing to kill Ariel and Shadow for some insane desire for more freedom? Yes, Gadreel would pay for this.
But looking down on the limp figure of the griffin drained all of his resolve, and he only succeeded in falling on top of her, sobbing helplessly.
He didn’t know how long he lay there, impotent in his sorrow. He had never known death and this new understanding threatened to upend his comprehension. The animal had done nothing to deserve this. How was it possible that an innocent creature should pay for the selfish mistake of another? His sadness brought on a rage that ignited in the deep emptiness inside. He pounded his fists into the scorched earth and let out a scream of primal loss and fury. The sound echoed and faded on the wind, replaced by a furious escalation in the sound of thunder and explosions to the east. He stood and knew that he must join the battle to defeat this destructive foe.
‘I am so sorry, Shadow,’ he said. ‘I will be back for you. I promise.’
Taking one last look at his pair bond, he leapt into the air and shot out of the trees. On the borders of celebration plain, concussive explosions rocked the land. The traitors advanced mercilessly toward the great mountain, their progress marked by the line of destruction that lay in the wake of the massive line. Rolling billows of smoke erupted from the area of the western gate, the same place where he and his housemates had celebrated the completion of their first year at the academy.
Where should he go? He suspected many of his fellow angels were trapped in the tightening vice along the celebration plain. If that was where the defenders of the Kingdom were making their final stand, he would join them.
He flew towards the east. Periodically, he crossed paths with some of the rebels, but easily fended off their attacks with the power shield he had learned in his lessons with Gadreel. The thought of his former friend caused a tightness in his throat and tears to well up in his eyes. No! There would be time to grieve later. Now was not the time for such things.
The northwest section of celebration plain was reasonably quiet. If he flew fast enough, he thought he might punch through and reach the relative safety of friendly lines.
An explosion erupted behind him. He turned his head and saw an angel pursuing him. He dove down into the woods in an attempt to lose his pursuer. A lightning bolt hit a tree to his side, causing a shower of splinters, as the great trunk split in two. He veered sharply, heading to deeper cover. Branches tore at his clothes and skin as he maneuvered left, right, and left again. Another explosion hit the ground directly underneath of him and fire engulfed him. He burst through the other side and continued his treacherous course through the thick trees. He thought of Shadow and decided it was enough.
He spotted the precipice of a small cliff, and hit the ground, skidding to a stop and spinning quickly. Smoke from the raging fires that dotted the landscape hung thick in the air, and washed over him as he crouched and readied himself for the attack. Suddenly, his pursuer burst through the smoke, angling upward in an attempt to crest the rocky outcrop where Ariel stood.
For a brief moment their eyes met. Molochel’s revealed surprise at seeing his prey, now in a position to strike. And Ariel’s were filled with rage. Rage at this blasphemous attack. Rage at his friend’s betrayal. Rage at the death of his lovely Shadow. With all of his might he mustered the powers inside of him. He slammed his hands together and sent a tremendous bolt towards his adversary. The blast caught him directly in the chest, instantly contorting the look of surprise to one of understanding. His momentum instantly reversed and he smashed with a sick thud against the rocky face of the outcrop. Momentarily, the body hung there against the rock, defying gravity, before it slipped off and dropped like a sack of bockets to the ground below.
The sight sickened him. He and Molochel were never close, but knowing he had done such violence made him gag, reflexively. He turned away quickly, intent on not losing his resolve.
To his north and south was a sea of madness and destruction. Buildings belched columns of smoke. Giant craters pockmarked the streets. Whole parks were being consumed in hungry walls of fire. Where should he go? If only he could find a friend. He thought of Gabriel and wondered where the Cherubim was in this chaos. Then it occurred to him. Gabriel would be at his post, in the throne room. His mind made up, he turned toward the upper reaches of the great mount.
What he saw as he flew up the steep slope gave him a glimmer of hope that a defense was being mounted. Scores of angels, along with many telmid, were being organized along the base of the mountain, led by a single Cherubim. With their shields forming a solid barrier, and swords held at ready, they appeared to have established a formidable bulwark. New lines were being formed as each wave of retreating defender hit the outer defensive perimeter, and in some places the formation seemed hundreds of rows deep.
Flying higher, he saw more angels descending the mountain to take their place in the wall of defense. After a long flight up the precipice, Ariel finally reached the clearing that he had so recently visited for the first time. As before, two armed sentries patrolled the arched entrance. He marched up to one of the guards and asked if they might know where he might find Gabriel. The sentry pointed inside and stood aside to let him pass.
There were a large number of Cherubim present in the garden, some bringing messages from the battle with others leaving to carry out specific orders. Ariel had no idea how he would find his friend in this crowd, but held onto the hope that Gabriel would know what was going on. He passed a line of Cherubim, swords drawn, on their way toward the exit, obviously off to join the battle.
Then he heard a familiar voice.
‘Ariel! Ariel, over here.’
He turned towards the sound and saw Gabriel.
‘Gabriel! I am so glad I found you!’
‘Ariel, what happened to you? You are covered in blood. Are you OK?’
It was Shadow’s blood. He hadn’t had time to clean himself off. He looked at his clothes and arms and then at his friend. Seeing Gabriel caused all of the emotions to come rushing to the surface in a torrent of words.
‘Gadreel tried to kill me and Shadow saved my life. She died to save me, Gabriel. I was trying to talk Gadreel into giving up this cause, when he hit me with a bolt of power. The blow knocked me out and when I woke I found Shadow dead. Then, coming here, Molochel attacked me and I hurt him, possible mortally. It was so awful to see him that way. I pray that I didn’t kill him.’
Tears began flowing again as the emotions of what he had just been through were released. Gabriel put his arm around Ariel’s shoulder and held him tight.
‘Gadreel…wanted to kill…me.’
‘I am so sorry, Ariel. I am so sorry for everything.’
He had been right to come here. Just being in the company of Gabriel, and so close to the thrones of the Kings, made him feel safe. Somehow he knew that everything would be all right in the end.
‘They are beating us on all sides. Do you think that we can stop them? Are the Kings going to defend us?’
‘Do not worry, Ariel. We didn’t defend the gates intentionally. We are also pulling back to the mountain and forming a tight perimeter at its base for a purpose. You are safe now, and victory is at hand.’
Ariel hoped his friend wasn’t just being overly optimistic. He had just witnessed the mass of attackers pouring across the celebration plain on all sides. They must have millions of traitorous arella approaching the very base of the mountain at this moment. How was victory at hand?
‘But how are we going to stop them? They have so many and are using powers that most of our defenders cannot stop.’
‘Have faith my friend. We have a secret weapon on our side that is infinitely more powerful then anything they could ever imagine.’
‘What is this secret weapon?’
‘Not what, but rather Who is this secret weapon. It is Michael.’
‘Who is Michael?’
Gabriel just smiled and said, ‘Michael is our King, Ariel. More specifically, he is the Supreme Archangel, the military commander of our forces; he is the wrath of the Kings. And I think he is just about to stand and end this battle for good. Watch,’ he said and turned toward the throne. ‘It is time.’
He looked at the three figures seated on their thrones. On the right sat Adonai, but he was not dressed in his plain brown robe. A silver, metallic singlet of mail hung over a brilliant, white garment. Before him stood a line of Cherubim, each carrying an article of armor. One by one they came forward and delivered their burden onto Adonai.
First, a silver helmet was fastened under his chin. As it clasped, the thrones of the Kings began to glow softly. Next came the breastplate. As the two edges came together, it snapped audibly and seemed to fuse to form a solid, glowing covering. At its center crouched a lion, etched in intricate gold and ornamented with gems of seven different colors. The thrones glowed a bit brighter.
As each new piece of armor was added, the brilliance of the thrones increased. Ariel noticed that the two trees, situated at a distance from the Kings, were also glowing and becoming brighter, matching the luminosity of the thrones. And as the armor neared completion, a bright line appeared under the surface of the ground, linking the trees and the thrones in a perfect equilateral triangle. The intensity of the light grew and grew, until it was possible to see that a thick cord of root linked the three objects together. It was a stunning sight.
The final Cherubim approached the throne holding a long wooden box before him. Adonai smiled at the angel, then reached out his hand, unclasped the lock, and opened the lid. Light poured from the box as he lifted a golden trumpet from inside. Something incredible happened to Adonai at that moment. His kind face became a chiseled mask of intensity that seemed to be as the lightning itself. His eyes took on the appearance of flaming torches. He rose and stood on legs that looked like burnished bronze and his body appeared almost crystalline in composition.
As he stood, the sea shot out before him in a rush, just as it had at Gaia’s creation, but this time Ariel understood what was happening. As the wall of water filled the scene before him, the sky opened up and they were suddenly outside of the mount, looking down at the intense battle raging far below.
‘It is time, Ariel. When Michael gives the signal, lift your sword high, OK?’
‘All right,’ he replied, still confused.
Ariel sensed a sudden shudder beneath his feet, as if the very mountain upon which they stood was about to erupt under him. He turned in the direction that the quake had come from and saw the most amazing site. Michael left his throne and stood in the midst of the fiery stones. In his hand was the long, golden trump. He lifted the instrument to his lips and played a long, piercing note, perfect in tone. As he played, Michael became a dazzling light, brighter than the largest sun. The light was so wonderful and cleansing. Ariel raised his sword and it vibrated, but his eyes were fastened on Michael. It was too beautiful to turn away.
Suddenly, Michael opened his mouth and with a voice that sounded as if every voice gathered below was suddenly speaking together, he said, ‘It is finished!’
Shafts of light splintered from the pillar of perfect, hot light that was Michael. Ariel looked up and saw that his diamond sword was absorbing the light, and glowing like a shaft of intense starlight. He looked below at the millions of raised swords, all glowing like his.
As the echo of that voice faded out across the plain, a wall of light, emanating from the top of Mount Kol and those millions of diamond blades, washed across the celebration plain in a rush. In its wake, the prone figures of the attackers writhed in agony, clutching ears and eyes and rolling in obvious misery.
After a long second of silence, the sound of wailing and crying drifted up toward the mountaintop. Michael spun and returned to his throne, but the horror remained. Ariel noticed the figure of Hasdiel, dutifully recording the scene, a look of profound sadness upon his face.
As he watched, he felt that intense misery. Somewhere on the field below, his best friend was among the writhing figures. A cold tear rolled slowly down his bloodstained face.

Chapter 45
Gadreel was surprised at how easily they beat back the defenders. By the time they reached the open celebration plain, their adversaries were in full-scale retreat, scurrying towards the imagined safety of the central mountain. He expected stiff resistance once they met the main body of arella trapped on the plain, but panic caused most to turn and run.
He took a moment to reorganize his lines after clearing the wooded hills, but before long the group stood ready for the final push. He contemplated waiting for a signal for a unified advance, but decided he should continue to press the initiative, to allow less time for the fleeing to retreat.
‘Gadreel, you are to be congratulated for a brilliant attack,’ the familiar voice of Helel called out. He surveyed the orderly lines of Gadreel’s group, a pleased smile on his face. ‘Did I not tell you that we would secure victory today?’
‘Yes, you did, Helel.’ Gadreel avoided looking into his eyes, keenly aware of the deep pain of Ariel’s death at his hand. Still, Helel had been right. It was apparent the Kings would not interfere.
‘One more push and the day is ours. More than ever we can show no mercy, Gadreel. I want them pursued to the edge of the mountain and then we will rain down destruction upon them. They will find little protection on the rocky slope and I expect they will surrender in a short time.’
‘What is our plan once they have surrendered?’
‘Once we have subdued those who have stood in our way, we will offer them the chance to join us. Those swearing loyalty to me will be spared. All others will be dealt with. We need to have a unified force in order to show the Kings we were right, and must be allowed self-governance. They can't deny us if the entire population stands unified, behind me. They will either be forced to cede control, or will have to destroy us all. They won’t be able to do that. It is against their nature.’
Even as he asked the question, Gadreel knew what the response would be. But how could Helel be so callous in talking about the death of so many of their fellow arella, including many he cared for? But they had already gone too far. What good would it do to stand up to Helel now with victory within reach? He grieved for the likely loss of more friends. They would never surrender or swear loyalty to Helel. He hardened his heart, resolving to finish what they had started.
‘Before the end of the day, Gadreel, I want envoys sent to the other worlds to demand they pledge their allegiance to their new government. Refusals will not be tolerated.’
Helel called for an angel, standing a few cubits away, who held a trumpet nearly as long as he was tall.
‘Sound the call for an advance.’ 
The arella faithfully obeyed, trumpeting a blast which echoed across celebration plain. At once the massive group began to advance towards the mountain in the distance.
‘We fly to victory!’ Helel shouted in departure.
‘To victory,’ Gadreel replied softly.
As the throng headed, en masse, toward the mountain, the rumble of marching feet thundered upon the packed ground. The air hung thick with smoke and excitement. As he flew towards the final line of defenders at the base of Mount Kol, the scene played out impressively below. Their army was a swarm completely covering the field of battle seeming unstoppable. The rainbow of auras blurred across the open plain like a giant prism, scouring the earth in its approach. He spotted an elevated outcropping and headed toward it to better survey the advance.
The lines of defenders huddled behind their choir shields at the base of the mountain. He imagined how terrified the spectacle before them must appear. Were any of his former housemates in those lines along the slopes? He found a bit of solace in the thought that they would likely never learn that their friend Ariel had died that day at Helel's hand. His guilt was sufficient, and didn’t need to be compounded by the condemnation of his closest friends.
An explosion overhead caused him to glance up. An angel plummeted towards him, one wing dangling helplessly as the body spun out of control. Instinctively, he compressed a thick slab of air and caught the arella, lowering him slowly to the rocky plain. The figure rolled over, in obvious pain, and looked up into his eyes. Raphael.
He stood frozen for a long second, not sure what to do. His old friend appeared so battered he doubted if he posed a threat. Even if he were unhurt, Raphael, the diligent bookworm, would be no match for him. He understood what Helel would expect him to do, but he froze. Those sad eyes held him immobile. In them he read hurt, and sadness, and accusation. They threatened to crush him under their penetrating gaze. He must stop them. He lifted his trembling hands.
An explosion of heat and pain suddenly consumed Gadreel and he spun around, and then fell. With a sharp jolt, he hit the ground beside his old friend, arm engulfed in a searing pain that threatened to drag him into darkness. He turned his head and located Raphael, just out of reach. Their eyes met again, but this time he saw only compassion and regret.
He opened his mouth to speak to his old friend, but a piercing note came and cut out all else. It was a single, penetrating horror which seemed to drill an icy dagger into each side of his head. He tried to move his hands to cover his ears, but his one arm hung useless. He attempted fruitlessly to use his good hand to block the awful sound as it assaulted his senses in a seemingly interminable onslaught. His breastplate loosened and dissolved. His shield disappeared in a puff of smoke. His sword rusted away to nothing in an instant. The clasp holding his cloak, set with the stone of Aralim melted. Every piece of armor, acquired throughout his academy tenure, was gone.
And then the note was gone too, dancing away on the wind. A glorious silence swept in behind to replace it, momentarily. It was a welcome reprieve, but it was so haunting, seeming to portend the end of all things. Not a single sound came from the millions of gathered arella. All waited expectantly.
Then the voice came, like a billion voices raised together. It was familiar and completely foreign. In it was the power of creation and destruction, final and knowing.
‘It is finished!’
He understood, instantly, it was so. Then came the terrible light. He clenched his eyes shut, but it pierced through his eyelids. He buried his head into the ground and rolled over, but even the earth beneath him radiated its awful brilliance. There was no escape from it. He moaned in abject horror.
His entire being was consumed in light that made each cell of his body ache with deep anguish. But the misery was more than just physical. It seemed to magnify the guilt inside of him until he thought surely it would explode out of him and tear him to pieces.
Around him were the cries of others, so many others. And then the voice came again. The same voice, but different. It was a single voice containing the voices of all. It was the voice of Adonai, and it came from within.
‘Gadreel, you had the seal of perfection, full of beauty and wisdom. The emerald was your covering and you were blameless in your ways from the day you were created. Limitless in power you nurtured your envy to desire more and have become filled with violence and deceit. You have corrupted your judgment by reason of your splendor so I will cast you from the mountain of the Kings, to the ground where you will be a spectacle to the inhabitants of all the worlds. They will look upon you and lament because of how you profaned your sanctuaries. And when your works are fully manifest, when your corruption is complete, I will bring forth fire from the midst of you and you will be no more.’
The words pierced him as if they were a physical sword plunged fatally into his chest. The comfort and confidence he enjoyed his entire life, hemorrhaged out onto the ground around his prone body. Suddenly, he was terrified of that voice, of that light. He had to flee from this place before they incinerated him. He struggled to move, blindly crawling on his belly in the dirt. Around him others cringed and cowered, all trying to escape that presence. 
A hand grasped his useless arm and pulled him up, and his shattered limb was again whole. He pulled against the anchor of that helping hand and his arm obeyed him. Although blinded, he felt Raphael's presence, supporting him. And he knew that all those around him, on both sides, had been healed of their injuries. But the pain of that voice and that light lingered, weighing him with the oppression of his choices.
‘I am sorry, my old friend. I have to go now,’ the pained voice of Raphael said softly in his ear. He tried to cling to his old housemate desperately, but the other retreated from him.
A trumpet blast greeted his still ringing ears and a loud cry echoed across the field. He recognized the voice of Hasdiel, the celestial scribe.
‘You have disgraced the lofty position you were freely given and there is no longer a place found for you here. You will march out of the city of the Kings and will be banished forever. You have forfeited all of your rights as citizens of the Kingdom, all of the possessions of your birthright. From this day forth, your new home will be a desolate rock far removed from the glories you have known.’
‘And yet, in their wisdom, the Kings will allow you to plead your case to the universe. As spectators to this tragedy, it is my hope that your pleas fall on deaf ears, but it is the will of they who are greater than I that your true nature becomes clearly evident to all.’
‘Now, by the power granted me by the Kings, I command you to depart from this place or be destroyed where you stand!’
Gadreel wanted nothing more than to comply with this order. The light still burned him, from the outside as well as from within, and he desperately wished to escape its wrath. Though unable to see clearly, he placed one foot in front of the other in the only direction seeming to offer a reprieve from the burning. As he marched, the whimpers and cries of his fellow rebels lamented their choices, as they contemplated their condemnation.
He began to regain some of his vision as he increased the distance between himself and the mountain of the Kings. Around him marched his comrades. They appeared broken and lost. He studied the angel trudging dolefully beside him. He did not know his name. He had no aura. No, that was not true, but his aura lacked all color, looking like some dim, gray shadow hanging about him like a cloud. Then he looked around and noticed everyone, save their Seraphim escorts, wore the same dull colorless aura. He couldn't bear to look at the angels who had followed him; those he had failed.
They passed the academy, the place that was home such a short time ago. He wished to go back in time and relive those glorious years. He longed for the peace, the friendships and the joy he had spurned in a vain attempt at more power and freedom. They passed the forests to the south where he had spent so much time exploring with Ariel. He passed the immense lake where he had sat with Helel, dreaming of great glory, oblivious to the true danger of such heresy.
And then then they walked through the gates of pearl and gold, majestically guarding the southern approaches to the city. Tears flowed down his cheeks as he passed under their shadow for the last time. Never again would he step foot within these walls. Never again would he see Ariel or Fang or his Kings. He had taken for granted the gifts he had been given, thrown them away as if they were worthless.
As the last of the fallen passed through, the gates of the Eternal City shut, with a deafening crash that echoed through the grove. As the sound faded away, their Seraphim escort announced, ‘You have disgraced the title of angel and are no longer fit to be called by that name. You have fallen from grace, are cast out, and will henceforth be known as demons. Now depart from here forever!’
He was lifted by a tremendous force, propelled up into the air. Suddenly the warmth of the city and its glow changed to a frigid cold and darkness, and he landed roughly on hard rock. He had been evicted from the only home he ever knew, thrown to the rocky surface of some vagrant world far away. The enormity of the event overwhelmed him and he made no attempt to rise from the dirt. He simply lay there on his face and wept.

Chapter 46
The limp white wing was smeared with a pattern of purple and silver, their two bloods merging into a visual epitaph on the now useless appendage. ‘How do you say goodbye to one who gave their life defending yours?’ He had tasted death and it was bitter in his mouth. He reverently laid the body on the bed of argon chips. Tears streamed down his face as he dropped to his knees, deep anguish making it impossible to stand. Gabriel stepped forward and rested a comforting hand on his shoulder.
Ariel whispered a gentle goodbye to his pair bond, then pushed a spark into the chips and watched as the fire spread around the griffin’s corpse. The white feathers and golden fur darkened and then became the flame itself, glowing brighter and brighter, until it was indistinguishable from the maelstrom of heat and light. As the body disappeared in ash and smoke, Ariel fell to the ground, sobbing in great miserable gasps. Shadow was a small part of his agony. Gadreel, Helel, Pharzel and so many others were lost to him now. He grieved for all of his fallen friends with a pain, new and wretched.
The memory of the previous day's battle filled him with a strange mix of wonder and pity. He marveled at the power so vividly illustrated by Michael as he had halted the vast hordes of rebels with a single note. The army, moments before seemingly unstoppable, shattered in an instant, their defeated ranks taken to the edge of the city by a band of Seraphim to be cast out.
But he also pitied all those who had attempted the insane, even Helel, who surely deserved the majority of blame. He certainly was at fault for causing Gadreel to choose this path. Ariel wondered what was going on in Gadreel’s mind at this moment, lost on some desolate world to contemplate what he had done.
'Gadreel you had it all. You were funny and smart and talented and you threw it all away! Why?' he whispered as the flow of tears renewed.
Eventually, his crying subsided and Ariel was able to stand. The fire burned low and nothing remained of Shadow. He faced the small circle of friends, who stood, quiet, letting him grieve.
'Thank you,' he said to Gabriel, Raphael, Harah, and Araton.
As Ariel rejoined his friends, Fang came out of the bushes. The sight and smell of Shadow's corpse terrified him, but now returned cautiously. There was no rambunctious behavior, no playful wrestling, no joy. It was as if he understood, without words, that Gadreel wasn't coming back. He felt the loss of Shadow. He wondered if Fang suffered from the same.
'You and I are now bonded by the loss of our best friends,' he said.
Fang nuzzled his hand and looked up at him. He imagined he saw pain in the tiger's big brown eyes. But there was also strength in that look, which somehow comforted him. Animals possessed a way of living in the moment. They grieved for their loss, but then moved on. He would do the same thing. No good would come from him eternally mourning the loss of his friends.
Ariel followed the others into the dining room of Araton's estate. They sat around one end of the large, rectangular, silkwood table in silence for some time. Finally, Ariel decided he should be the one to speak.
'I loved Gadreel very much. He was my closest friend from our first day and now he is gone. I am so sad and so angry he is gone. Gabriel, I know you feel the same about Helel. And our two friends played a pivotal role in the tragedy that has happened. I am angry with them, but I love them. I still hope there is some way for them to fix this. Is there?' he asked, looking imploringly around the group.
'It might be possible if they were able to overcome their pride and beg for forgiveness, but I doubt they will. Helel, at least, would never be able to,' Gabriel said.
'Did you all notice how everyone who was involved in the attack lost all their color? Their auras looked like gray clouds,' Harah observed.
'And they were stripped of all their armor,' Raphael added. 'But even in chastising them, the Kings healed their injuries. I saw Gadreel's arm heal right before my eyes as the trumpet sounded.'
'You saw Gadreel?' Ariel asked quickly.
'I did. I wasn't going to tell you, but that kind of slipped out. Sorry. He actually saved me, but I think it might have just been an instinctual thing. For a second it seemed like he was going to attack me. Then he got hit.'
'Was he seriously hurt?' asked Ariel, his concern obvious.
'He was. We ended up lying beside each other on the field. There was a moment, right before the trumpet, when I saw how sorry he was. That's why I'm not sure how to answer your question. He seemed at war with himself, and for an instant, I believed he was going to repent of his actions,' Raphael explained.
‘I would like to have one more opportunity to try to talk to him. Where are they?’ asked Ariel.
‘They have been placed onto a desolate world off of the pathways. The only way on or off is with a Seraphim escort and no one else is allowed to visit at this point,’ Araton answered.
‘I heard from one of my choir mates that Helel is going to be able to solicit other worlds for entry for he and his group,’ said Harah.
‘They are free to ask for admittance to any world they wish. If the inhabitants decide to live outside of the rule of the Kings and their laws, then Helel will be able to enter,’ Araton said.
‘It is unfortunate, but these events make clear something that I have lately heard mentioned in the throne room. The Kings have spoken often about a tragedy that would unfold, which would ultimately usher in a new era in the history of the Kingdom. They spoke about a dragon who would draw down a third of the stars of the heavens with his tail, and would seek for the destruction of the Eternal City. But they also mentioned a time in the future when the dragon’s true nature would be evident to all and that this was necessary to demonstrate the consequences of pride and lawlessness,’ Gabriel added.
This surprised Ariel. In his grief for his friends he never imagined that any further rebellious actions would be taken.
‘But aren’t those that were cast out too overwhelmed with grief at their loss to continue fighting for a hopeless cause?’
‘On the contrary, my friend. Helel and his host may have suffered a momentary setback; but do not be mistaken, they are by no means defeated. Grief over their loss will be transformed to anger at what they will convince themselves was stolen from them. They are even now making plans to persuade the many worlds they are in the right. And perhaps some will fall for their lies. When they do, it will be up to us to intervene to protect the inhabitants of any world that falls, and to thwart their plans at every step.’
‘Which brings me to a bit of news I need to share, as I want you to join me in the effort. I have been asked by Michael himself to help train a new group of angels, known as the guardians, to serve as protectors any worlds exposed to the wrath of the fallen,’ Araton explained.
‘Guardians? Will that be necessary?’ asked Ariel.
‘I am told that a time of trouble is coming such as has never been seen. Woe to any world facing the anger of Helel and his demons alone. It will be our responsibility to protect any individual in their reign of influence who desires assistance. Those who join us will be exposed to unimaginable depravity, but if even one can be saved from the fate of eternal destruction, than it is a worthy undertaking. Gabriel has already committed to joining, but we need many others,’ he looked around the room suggestively.
Ariel didn’t respond to Araton right away. He remembered back to when Gadreel first joined Azazel's secret group, a decision which seemed so benign at the time, but had determined his eternal destiny. How many individuals in the future would be faced with similar subtle deceits at the hand of Helel and his demons? He may not be able to change what had already been done, but he might change what was to come. Yes, he would join the guardians, and would make every effort to help others avoid Gadreel's fate.
‘Count me in,’ Ariel said.

Epilogue
Each time he walked off of the pathway and onto a new world, the trees startled him. Not all of the trees, but rather the two trees serving as the entrance to the grove of the Kings. It wasn't just that they looked much like the prime trees. They were perfectly identical, down to the smallest detail. He wondered if maybe they were the same trees, standing a short distance from the throne. The idea made him shiver. 
He stepped onto a planet much different from the last they visited. The gravity was heavier, the light spectrum brighter and the indigenous species not nearly as exotic. In some ways, this beautiful, sparsely wooded plain reminded him of the area surrounding the academy, although a smallish star provided the illumination and it lacked a mountain dominating the horizon. He shuddered as he pictured that mountain.
Only a few months had passed, but already the old life seemed foreign to him. He often thought of Ariel, but they seemed like someone else's memories. He remembered his friends, Shadow and Fang, their adventures, and his classes at the academy, but the feelings accompanying those thoughts were dull, as if the hues had faded from the pictures in his mind, along with his aura. Their cold, dark pit of a rock felt like the only home he had ever known. Its lack of color and light had, seemingly, been absorbed into him, into his view of the world, and even his recollections. He hated it, loathed it with all of his soul, but it was now his reality.
Except on days when he left to attempt the bargain. He had now gone on nearly a dozen such forays into inhabited worlds and saw the real possibility that they might be forever doomed to their rocky, lifeless prison. Helel had become distrustful of everyone, besides Gadreel, so the two of them were more frequently attempting to make the bargain themselves.
Today they were making contact with a brand new world; the same world, in fact, Ariel served his preceptorship on. It was almost too beautiful to bear. He enjoyed these forays off of that rock, but every time their Seraphim escorts pushed them back onto the pathway, it was like being evicted from the Kingdom all over again. He dreaded contemplating what failure this day would bring.
A beautiful green serpent dangled from one of the branches of the western tree. 
'I have an idea,' Helel said and pointed off down a path where the rustling of feet was coming their way.
 
She crept closer to the tree. Was something moving? There, in front of her was the most beautiful serpent she had ever seen. Its scales glistened in the sun as it sat warming itself, eating a piece of the succulent-looking, purplish fruit. She had watched serpents fly through the garden before, but had never seen one eating, and stole forward a few more steps. And then an odd thing happened. The snake spoke.
‘Can I offer you a piece of fruit, my lady?’
The woman was shocked that this creature could speak and she understood it. She did not answer right away, but she didn’t leave either. This strange animal piqued her curiosity.
‘I did not know serpents are able to talk,’ she said.
‘I couldn’t until I discovered this tree and its powerful fruit. Would you like to try?’ The serpent's tail coiled around one of the larger fruits, pulled it free, and lowered it to within reach of the woman.
‘Uh, I was told not to eat that fruit,’ she answered.
‘You mean you have been placed here and restricted from eating the best that it has to offer?’
‘I am allowed to eat of any tree, except this one. I was told that if I eat from this one that I would die.’
‘Well I am living proof there is no harm in this fruit. On the contrary, it is the most powerful fruit here. I suspect whoever gave you that warning did not want you to access this power. If it allowed me, a simple serpent, to speak, then imagine what it can do for you. I wouldn’t be surprised if you become as wise as the three Kings themselves!’
The woman still appeared wary, but Gadreel saw the doubt on her face. He was shocked. Surely she could not be naive enough to be tricked so easily. All inhabited worlds contained the pair of trees, one to funnel positive energy, one negative. All created beings were told explicitly that eating from the return tree was forbidden. Its fruit was corrupted by the effects of chaos. But this simple creature seemed to be considering it. 
The serpent pressed harder. ‘Do you need permission to eat a piece of fruit?’ he inquired.
‘Of course not,’ she answered. There were so many things she did not understand. If the snake were correct, perhaps she would know things hidden from her. Slowly, she reached out her hand and touched the fruit. It was still wet with morning dew and smelled of crushed clover. The serpent loosened its grip, and it fell into her outstretched palm.
‘Trust me, whoever warned you against eating this fruit is just afraid of what you will become. Your eyes will be opened and you will be like the Kings.’
She drew it closer to her mouth. Surely it would bring no harm. Why would this intelligent animal want to deceive her? She took a bite.
Helel looked over at Gadreel and smiled broadly. They finally had their world.
ABOUT THE AUTHORS



Chad (left) and Tim (right) Reihm began collaborating in 1980, in an attempt to build a super sweet tree house. They have been working together on projects ever since. For nearly a decade, the two co-owned a health marketing company that produced educational websites and print materials related to health and wellness. They have collaborated on the creation of many disease-related booklets and even a medical journal. Chad has always acted as the science guy, while Tim guided narration and presentation. That strategy of collaboration continues in their newest project, the Fallen Trilogy.

Chad is a medical doctor, currently in residency for radiology. Tim is a former college English professor and currently works as a marketing executive and an entrepreneur.  


