









Lost and Found: Taken
Second Edition

Text Copyright © Victoria Allred 2013
Cover Image Copyright © Barney Hedrick 2011
All Rights Reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed or transmitted in any form without the written permission from the author with the exception of brief quotations embodied within book reviews and scholarly papers. 
This is a work of fiction. While characters, events and locations may have influence within history, all have been manipulated for the specific use of the story line. 
ISBN: 1492201707/ 978-1492201700








For Neal
kolkolkolkol

Without him, my dreams would still be imprisoned in my head rather than spilling into yours. Thank you for all the love and support over the years.









part one

kolkolkolkol

But see, amid the mimic rout, 
	A crawling shape intrude!
A blood-red thing that writhes from out
	The scenic solitude!
It writhes!- it writhes! –with mortal pangs
	The mimes become its food,
And the seraphs sob at vermin fangs
	In human gore imbued.

-Edgar Allen Poe, “Ligea”











September 30

	
	
	The elevator adjacent to Emily's desk opened revealing a striking young man standing well over six foot tall, skin the color of dark chocolate and a shiny bald head that reflected the overhead light like polished marble. Every inch of his perfectly sculpted caused women’s insides to quiver. 
	"Draco, to what do I owe this pleasure?" Emily knew his story all too well. Nearly a decade of sleepless nights brought the loners together on a level many individuals never find in their short lives. Despite how close they’d become, the office was a place of formal interaction. 
	"You know the drill Emily. Francesca will explain." Emily knew from Draco's rigid stance and stone cracking stare that Francesca did not have good news, or worse news than the typical meeting at the very least. The doors slid back exposing dozens of artistic representation of The Histories; some clearly centuries old, others still shimmering with wet paint. A set of French doors framed the glorious library sheltered within. 
	The size of the library always astounded Emily. The first time she was summoned by Francesca, she wondered if there could possibly be another single building in the world with so many books. The walls, reaching 50 feet tall at the peak, were set with massive mahogany shelving units. Eloquently carved into the wood itself were what appeared to be demon faces, their mouths gaping in their tortured silent scream. 
	If an avid reader were to tire of the endless miles of book ridden shelves, the glass cases sprinkling the center of the room held disintegrating vellum manuscripts and crumbling etched stones.	Draco’s frigid hand on the small of her back brought Emily back pushed her toward the wrinkled man framed by the open elevator doors. 
	"Madame Francesca awaits," he snapped. In the beginning, Emily awed at the fact that such an old man could walk the stance of a younger generation. He looked to be at least eighty years old but held himself as a teen would. Mentioning this to Draco had caused a snicker. He was eighty about a century ago.
	Stifling a laugh as she remembered that moment helped to loosen the tension as James led them across the threshold into the library. "Madame, Sir Draco has brought Ms. Emily."
	"Show him in, James." Francesca's radiant red wonderfully complimented the dark mahogany and blackened bronze fixtures of the library. It was almost as if she herself had been designed as an accent to the room. Emily was still amazed by the books covering every surface of the room. Spilling from shelves. Stacked high on end tables. She even spotted a pile on the floor behind the sofa.  
	Francesca was eloquently propped in one of many carved mahogany high back chairs that looked as though it had been lifted straight from the Osborne House. "Emily, how nice to see you. How are the children?" Francesca asked with an unusual twinkle in her eye. 
	"Oh, fine thank you,” she responded. Her heart sunk when she thought of Lestat’s family portrait hanging in the atrium. 
	Emily, accustomed to Francesca’s threatening demeanor, brushed off the underlying connotation. The Stone Queen had never cared much for children. Her only purpose was to ensure Emily remembered where the power lies. 
	"I have a surveillance task for you in northeastern Pennsylvania. The movers are packing your house as we speak. Further information can be found in the files." Francesca opened a hidden drawer in the table and withdrew a manila envelope about two inches thick. Emily focused her attention on the manila envelope as it slid across the desk in an attempt to mask her astonishment. 
	“An intern awaits training for your position. Please give her the best training you can in the next few hours. You will find she is quite capable as I recruited her myself." Emily thought she saw traces of a smile tickle the corners of Francesca’s ruby red lips.
	"Yes, Madame." Emily was slightly confused as to why Francesca suddenly exerted such effort to place a menial vampire employee into the company's ambiguous and often frightening affairs without any formal surveillance training. 
	"Draco, see Emily to her desk and return with Jean Claude," she said with a dismissive wave of her hand. 
	"Yes, Madame." 
	Draco ushered Emily out as quickly as possible. "The kids aren't going to take this well and I understand your worry. Would you like me to come home with you? I can help buffer the blow and two against three is much better odds than one on three,” he whispered. 
	"Actually Draco, if Madame Francesca will allow you to transfer, even temporarily that would be great. You know how the kids feel about you and it would be the perfect distraction." 
	Still holding tight to a mortal sense of humor, Draco replied, "I would hate to distract you. Concentration can be difficult when the mind is elsewhere, like on my model physique." 
	Draco's charm was difficult to ignore. Luckily for her, the elevator opened just then to reveal a rather young lady sitting in Emily's chair. She was stunning in a black pants suit with pink pinstripes, her sunset toned hair pulled back into a sleek ponytail leaving her pale blue eyes as the focal point of her being. Her innocent youth created quite an ironic contrast to her dark surroundings. "Oh and the intern is human." 
	"I will see you tonight?"
	"Yes." With that Emily spun around to greet the intern, whose hand was already extended in anticipation. Emily briefly shook Tatum's outstretched hand and spun Jean Claude's chair to her desk. "Well Tatum. This job is actually pretty fun, kinda like a scavenger hunt." Emily grabbed a folder from the stack and dropped it on the desk
	"Let's start with Felipe Castillo last seen in Mexico City in 2005. We happen to have a bit more information in his report than the typical case. He was born in the Kingdom of Castile. What do you think the file means by born?" 
	"In my indoc class, we were told that vampires refer to their birth as the day their transformation is complete."
	"Great. Now, refer to the database on the desktop." Emily sat patiently as her replacement navigated through her computer in search of the file. "Sort by surname. Highlight the block of Castillo’s and paste it in a new window. Sort by birthdate." 
	"Why do we copy and paste into a new window as opposed to sorting by two columns?" 
	"I prefer it this way for convenience and orderliness. Once we navigate as far as possible toward Mr. Castillo's current situation, we will save it into a separate file for reference if his name should ever resurface. Otherwise, we may have to retrace our steps and waste pertinent time in any sort of emergency situation.
	“Notice there's an entire block of Castillos created on the Iberian Peninsula between 1383 and 1385. What does that mean to you with respect to Felipe Castillo?"
	"It is quite possible he was taken the same time as the others.” Tatum paused to click the mouse a few times before saying, “I think he’s running for his life. Looking at the termination dates, most of the Castillos have been destroyed, though none since 2004. This tells me he has been placed next in line, and he seems to know it." 
	"Great work. What brought you to the Confederation?" Tatum had kindled an avid curiosity and fear in Emily. 
	"Actually, I am in my final semester at NYU, graduating with a BA in Criminology in December. I happened to stumble upon an internship for a fugitive tracer in the want ads last month and thought it would be interesting. Once I complete my coursework, I will be given two weeks to say good-bye to my family and friends after which Madame Francesca will transform me." Tatum had the spark of a young woman with endless opportunities. Emily's heart sank with sadness at everything Tatum was forfeiting in life. 
	"Alright, so we turn to Google." Within seconds, Tatum had typed Castillo Conflict and found quite a bit of literature from the last few centuries outlining the family conflict between the Castillo family and an unnamed group in central South America, roughly centered in the deep rainforests of Brazil. 
	"I didn't realize how incredibly helpful my minor in Spanish would be in this line of work. It appears an entire village was slaughtered in Bolivia last week. Locals report signs that a pack of wild animals slit the throats of 39 natives, leaving the carcasses to rot." Emily sat back and watched Tatum work her magic. 
	Around 3:30, Emily passed all her contact information along and bid Tatum farewell. Before she reached the rotating front doors, Draco materialized at her side. "I have been assigned to stay with you until you and your children are settled into your new life. I informed Madame Francesca that could take weeks, so she pulled some strings and I am now working out of the Scranton House." 
	"Wait! So, you're going to live with us? Shouldn't you have cleared that with me first? What will the kids think? How will I explain that?" 
	"Calm yourself, Emily. The house is extremely large. The kids will just think their favorite Uncle Draco is there to help Mom settle in. They will never see you sneak over to my room at night. If you remember, they sleep." Draco replied allowing Emily to forget the earlier conversation in the elevator.
	"Very funny, Draco. You know the rules. We cannot go down that road." 
	"Yes, I know. Cab, love?" 
	"No. You go to the store and get dinner. I need to be there before they get there. The movers are going to send them into a tizzy." Draco hailed a cab and Emily made the short trip across the river, but not before the kids returned home from school. 

October 1


I
	"Ma'am, where would you like the furniture?" 
	"Draco, would you mind helping Asher hang his posters while I chaperone the movers?" Emily asked.
	"Do you have any specific rules to hanging posters? Half naked ladies in the closet?" Chuckling to himself, Draco ducked under Emily's lightning quick swing and headed up the stairs to Asher's room. 
	For the first time in years, Emily actually felt like she was part of a family. She passed under the fiery canopy of changing leaves and began instructing the moving crew. In doing so, she realized just how many incredibly pale skinned men were working for her. 
	"I was unaware that the Confederation had its own movers. Just remember, my children are not lunch and are not aware of the existence of an immortal world. Be sure to shade your strength when in their view." Emily made a point to meet the eyes of each immortal, not quite sure if her maternal threats would have any effect on an atypical race lacking all human feeling. "Now, let's get this done. This bedroom set belongs in the room at the top of the stairs. The dark cherry set belongs in the master bedroom. Please move these sets at a human pace and I will meet you back here momentarily." 
	Feeling rather hypocritical but using her immortal speed nonetheless, Emily sailed past the movers to find Draco. "Were you aware of the name on the side of the moving truck? Pire's Moving: the movers who don't sleep?"
	Just as shocked, Draco immediately understood. "Hey, Asher. Did you see that Friendly's at the bottom of the hill? I wonder if they serve half melted ice cream like the shops back home." 
	"Ice cream soup for dinner! Mom? Can we?" 
	"Oh I don't know, Asher. A growing boy really should have his liver and onions first." Emily let out the most dramatic sigh she could muster. "I guess since it’s been such a long day, go ask Hope if she wants to go." With Asher safely screaming his way down the hallway, Emily turned to Draco with fear in her eyes. "Why would she put my kids in such danger? I knew she was a threat, but this is over the top. I have complied with every one of her requests since day one." 
	"I understand. But remember, she is the top and that is where she will remain. You are a major threat to her. Not many vampires succeed at what you have accomplished. You created a successful career in the vampire realm and held it nearly a decade while keeping a respectful place among mortals. Even the other PTO moms haven't noticed how very different you are. Plus, look at you." Draco held Emily at an arms length and dramatically looked up and down her body. 
	Asher came tearing back into the room and Emily pulled away. Draco didn’t let it hurt him. He knew each day they grew closer, she just had more to consider than he.
	"She said yes! Ice cream for dinner. Mom, are you coming?" Emily pulled from Draco's grasp.
	"No, Asher. I am going to stay and supervise the movers." Draco and Emily ushered the kids past the movers to Draco's Pathfinder, ensuring the kids didn't get so much as glance in the mover's direction. 
	Once in the car, Draco reflected upon the situation. Yesterday, he had been incredibly thankful Francesca arranged for Landon to stay behind to play in the homecoming game for the scouts. Now he had mixed emotions. Could Francesca have isolated Landon for her own means? A ripple of terror spread through Draco. After escorting Emily back to her desk the day before, he had taken Jean Claude to Francesca's office. Why else would she need to speak with her number one Collector? 
	It made perfect sense. Landon was the oldest when his father vanished. All Francesca needed was to plant the idea that his father lived and Landon would stop at nothing to assist her, even join the immortal race. But what good was he to Francesca? 
	Rage began to replace terror. Draco had to do something before the worst happened while ensuring Landon was unaware of lurking danger. Emily worked way too hard to ensure the kids didn't know about the dark world in which they lived. Draco didn't want to ruin it. 
	With Asher and Hope settled into the booth, Draco stepped outside to call Emily. She picked up after just the first ring. "What's wrong? Where are you?" 
	"Calm down, love. I just wanted to run an idea past you. Answer plainly and do not give away anything to your audience. 
	“We may have inadvertently placed Landon in a danger. If it is ok with you, I can shadow him the rest of the day and have him meet me at my apartment to rest up before the big game." Draco was sure to speak slowly and tenderly in an effort to keep Emily calm. 
	"That's fine. But be safe." The quiver of her voice revealed uneasiness. She trusted Draco, but Francesca was smooth.
	"Yes, I will. Please let me breach the subject with him." 
	"And Draco, thank you for . . .  everything." Before he could answer, Emily had already hung up, using the silence as the easiest means of communication. 
	Without wasting a moment, Draco dialed Landon's cell and prayed he wasn't too late. When Francesca wanted something done, people moved without hesitation. After just two rings, Landon's worrisome voice could be heard on the other end. "Draco, is everything ok. How's mom?" he asked in a trembling voice.
	"Landon, your mother’s fine. She just misses you and would like you to join the family sooner than she expected. You will spend the evening with me at my apartment. Emily, I mean, your mother wants to be sure you have enough rest before your big game in front of the scout." Walking among the undead had made many immoral situations easier for Draco, excluding lying. At this moment, he almost felt cursed by his emotion.
	"I will be ready tomorrow evening, if you will tell me the truth for once." 
	Draco took a deep breath and attempted to reassure Landon. "Seriously, Landon? Are we back to your conspiracy theories? Aliens have not yet been discovered and ghosts aren’t real. Everything is fine. I will be there to get you tomorrow." 
	"You’re right, Draco. My mother is lucky to have you." 
	"Have a good night, Landon. Remember, 8:00. I will fill in Coach Wilson when I get there." Taking a page from Emily's book, Draco hung up. Better to live in silence than in lies. 

II
	Ice cream for dinner is a novelty that wears off quickly. Seeing the moving truck leave didn’t help Hope’s mood. Hope was on the verge of a meltdown before she even crossed the threshold. 
	"Hope, you have been unusually quiet today. What's wrong?" 
	"How can I answer what's wrong when nothing seems to be right? I came home from school just yesterday to find all my stuff packed. Now you expect me to just go to school in some new town in bumfuck Pennsylvania like life is fine? Seriously?" 
	"Hope Christine! What have you been told about your language?! I understand that you are upset with me. I get it. But it's my job. I am a single mother. I have to do what's best for my family. Moving from the city was best. Getting a job with more pay in a town with lower cost of living was best. Do you think I would uproot my whole family on a whim? This is hard for everyone but you are the only one making it worse. Unnecessarily worse! Now, go unpack." 
	Without motherly insight, Hope stormed up to her room and slammed the door so hard a box teetered on its stack, lost its balance and crashed to the floor flinging jewelry everywhere. The glimmer of silver was the only thing keeping Hope from kicking the jumbled mess across the floor. It seemed to glow brighter as she came closer. 
	The last memory Hope treasured of her father was of her sixth birthday. All she wanted that year was the pink princess dress she saw in the Macy's window. She asked for it every day for nearly nine months. Every day Dad said, "We'll see, Hope. We'll see." The day her birthday finally arrived, her mother woke her up and took her to the restroom. When she returned, the dress was laid out perfectly on the bed. 
	Emily helped her dress and watched as she searched the closet for her white patent shoes. She pranced downstairs, pausing only to look in the mirror in the hall.
	Dad, who was usually long gone for work by breakfast, was sitting at the table with a huge smile on his face. "Why, don't you just look perfect." When he stood up to meet her, he was wearing a black tux with a bright pink rose peeking from the lapel. “I see you are ready for our date." 
	"Date?" 
	"Miss Hope Christine Anderson, I was wondering if you would honor me with a day on the town." 
	"What about school, Dad." 
	Suddenly, her mother was whispering in her ear, "Don't ruin the fun, dear." 
	"Pardon me, sir. A date sounds absolutely wonderful." 
	"You had me worried! I would hate to have to cancel our tickets and send the limo away." The twinkle in Dad’s eye was like the cherry on a sundae, the finishing touch. She knew deep in her heart the day would be perfect. They went to see Cats after an elegant breakfast in Manhattan but the best part of the day was the trip into the jewelry store. Dad bought her a silver bracelet with Number One Girl engraved inside. 
	Two days later, Dad disappeared, Mom became fatally ill and the three kids were sent to stay with their grandparents for three weeks. Just like that, the fairy tale came to an abrupt end. 
III
	Instead of finding Landon in the center of vampire hell, Draco was unable to find the boy at all. His beat up bumblebee yellow S10 wasn't in its spot and he was missing from the football field. As new sparks of fear kindled the already roaring fire, Draco slid past the JV Football team. The sight of Landon's untouched locker was the last straw 
	Draco tapped into his vampire speed and ran from the locker room as a blur. Before he knew it, he was back in his Pathfinder and headed toward Emily's house in White Plains. If Landon wasn't at the house, he would have to call him and reinforcing the myths Landon so desperately wished to believe.
	Seeing Landon's truck in the driveway was bittersweet. Draco felt like hollering, Honey, I'm home as he turned the knob on the front door. Instead, he stepped into the house and crept toward the sound of voices. 
	"Seriously, Landon. She can't do this. What kind of person just comes home from work one day and moves her family. Does she not realize you have lives too? This was supposed to be our last year together." 
	"Just because I am moving two hours away doesn't mean we will never see each other again. You can always hop on the train and come up for the weekend or I can drive down." 
	"It won't be the same." 
	"Bbitching about it isn't going to make it go away. Complaining about my mom is just going to piss me off more. Do you really need to ruin our last few moments together?" 
	Janie pulled at her ponytail and stared out the window.
	"Now, I didn't skip football practice to talk about bullshit." Draco knew it was time to sneak away when the smacking sounds began to filter through the closed door. Knowing just how quickly the mortal life can be ripped away, he left the love birds to revel in their humanity.
	He locked the door behind him and scanned the surrounding wood. Out of the corner of his eye, he caught a quick movement causing the hairs on his neck to stand on end. Catlike, he circled the house looking for any indication of entry. Halfway up the side of the two story house, an infinitesimal black smudge drew Draco’s preternatural sight. Someone— no something, had climbed the house and entered through a second floor window. 
	Without hesitation, Draco did the same. The white bathmat below the window displayed two perfect footprints roughly male size ten. 
	The intruder knew his way around. He knew which window to jump in and judging by the trail of dirt leading from the window, didn’t falter in leaving the bathroom. Whoever had entered through the window had been in the house before.  To make matters worse, the prints were not made by Confederation issue hiking boots, but sneakers.
	Draco jumped behind the shower curtain as a dark shadow passed through the room and vanish back through the window. With the coast clear, he crept back to Landon's door to be sure the couple was still holed up inside. The door emitted the very sounds Draco escaped hearing earlier. 
	Confusion replaced fear. The Society would have never snuck into the house and left the boy and his girl alive. They were a heartless corporation run by a self-important woman. Could he be wrong? Maybe the boy wasn't in any immediate danger. Or worse. Was it possible the danger was of a different source? 
	 Before he knew it, Draco had stepped back through the doorway of Emily’s naked bedroom. He closed his eyes and drank of up the sweet scents she’d left behind, not considering what rogue could be tracking that scent as he stood there. 
	When he’d had enough, he opened his eyes to see the pale blue walls that were purposely painted to mimic the faint tint of Emily's eyes before that dreadful night. Though it was meant to be a reminder of Emily’s mortal life, it soon came to represent the three innocent lives placed in harm’s way. 
	Draco suddenly longed to be with her. Lying in her arms hidden behind panels of crushed velvet draped ever so carefully across an ancient mahogany four poster bed. How wonderful life could be if given the chance. 
	Thinking about that dreadful night brought goose bumps to Draco's typically hardened flesh. The plan was simple. The Society was to sweep into the home and take the recruit while the house was empty. With nothing out of place, the family would report John’s disappearance. After lengthy hunts, police would find that he emptied numerous wealthy bank accounts before disappearing.
	When the Society stepped into the living room to follow the plan, the newest member caught a glimpse of Emily slinking down the hall naked as the day she was born and his predator instincts took over. As the rest of the seasoned crew tried to remove the young vampire from the home, the target fell to the floor with a gaping wound in his neck open and gushing. 
	Francesca was quick to the scene. She ordered everything be left as it was and began immediately forming a new plan that met her developing needs. Always looking for collateral, she had watched Emily prior to the attempted taking noticing how protective and caring she was toward her children. Any sire knows any human traints only deepen in the transition. Emily’s maternal instincts would create vulnerability that could be easily manipulated. She also knew that for the last ten years, Emily worked with the largest banks in the country to track down default debtors. She was good at her job and never missed a client. With Emily as her number one man in the skip tracing department, the Confederation would become the largest vampire organization in the world. 
	The sudden flashback caused Draco to doubt everything he thought to be true and wonder why things had changed. Why is Emily suddenly being sent to Pennsylvania? What could be in that manila folder? 

IV
	Emily sat at the kitchen table in her already assembled home wondering the same thing. What is in that file? The move had been as smooth as could be expected, being spontaneous and all, but she hadn't had a single free moment to look at the file. Better now than never. 
	As she slipped a folder from the envelope, a picture fell in her lap. A sad girl looked up at her with emerald green eyes that cried to be set free, a pasty complexion and orange ringlets clashing against a cheesy blue backdrop. Her mouth was curled upward in a forced smile that didn't quite reach her sad eyes. Even the scrunch in freckled button nose betrayed the hidden emotions. Scribbled on the back in horrid, nearly illegible letters said Katrina age 14 freshman year. 
	Aside from a stack of eight by ten black and white surveillance photos of the same young lady, Emily found two folders in the envelope, one stuffed with dog-eared, smudged pages, the other with a few newspaper clippings. It was clear they would not help her identify the girl, so she set them aside and dug through the second folder. The pages were not organized in any sensible fashion. The creator must have thrown anything of importance into the nearest folder for convenience. Stacking the pile in the center of the table, Emily stepped into the den to grab a three ring binder and hole punch.
	When she came back, she found Asher leaning over the pile. "Asher? Can I help you?"
	"Sorry, Mom. I was just curious about your new job." 
	"I am the new Youth Librarian at the library a town over. The previous librarian thought these files would help me transition better into the position."
	"Can I watch TV?" he asked, clearly uninterested
	"Well, the cable won't be on for a few days but I already set up the Xbox so you can watch Netflix." With a peck on the cheek, Emily spun the boy toward the door and patted his butt with encouragement. "I'll make you some popcorn."
	"Thanks mom. I love you." He was gone before she could say I love you, too. 
	Emily worked steadily to make sense of the notes and clippings. The more she dug, the stronger the inert feeling that she was being manipulated grew. Judging by the information at hand, there was no way this young girl could take down the Confederation. Of course, the centuries Francesca spent making a name for herself weren’t done halfheartedly or by allowing small things to slip through her fingers.
	Each scrap of printing had its own shock factor. Newspaper articles glossed over unexplainable events. Letters pinpointed the fears of everyday citizens. 
	After organizing all the information and reviewing what was in front of her once more, a story began to write itself. Not any story, but Emily’s story. A novel disclosure ran through her mind. Names and dates have been changed to protect the innocent.  
	How could this be possible could she have such intimate items and information? The letters were written to close family members with details that were nobody's business. And the photos. How had Francesca's crew obtained them? Emily slowly understood what should have been obvious from the beginning. If such a folder existed for Katrina, there was a folder somewhere about her family. 
	Closing the folder, Emily felt her insides begin to tremble. Worry. Uncertainty. Anger. Too much emotion boiled inside her undead body threatening the safety of her fragile children who happened to be in the very next room. She needed to leave the house, now. 
	Without so much as a glimpse their way, Emily slipped out the back door and began running. Giving in to her uncanny animal instincts was just what the doctor ordered. Lack of knowledge dramatically aided her innocent run. She stumbled on a small state park west of town. Even as cooler weather moved in, campers swarmed the park. The fragrant aroma of scarlet red blood hit Emily like a slap in the face, livening the nefarious depths within.
	The fragrance of undisturbed humans enclosed from every angle reminding Emily of Jean Claude, her first guide, and his reference to a vampire’s buffet. Take your pick, Emily. Old, young, male, female. Just make a choice and fill yourself. A decade later, Emily had yet to experience the thrill of the human kill. 
	Even doomed to spend eternity in Hell on Earth, a mother must always act in the best interests for her children. What kind of mother would she be if she spent each evening picking off humans when the alternatives were plentiful? While the whole situation sickened Jean Claude, a lone soldier of his type had no way to comprehend the motherly moral code.  
	Emily followed the scent of warm, youthful blood to an underage party on the dam. She couldn’t help but to be drawn by the fragrance radiating from the group as they surrounded the bonfire. She stood at the top of the hill observing, a chain of vile thoughts caught her attention. A middle age man had chosen a spot lower down to prowl for his youthful unsuspecting prey.  The images playing on his mind were appalling. With his hands wrapped firmly around his hardened maleness, he honed in the rhythmic patterns of a single couple. Unaware of their audience, they had separated from the pack to claim a bush of their own. 
	Just as his thoughts became repulsively vivid, Emily heard the man undo his zipper, oblivious to his own predator. Chuckling to herself, she bent over and bit hard into the soft tissue of his neck taking just a mouthful of precious human blood and sitting back on her heels. 
	Instantly, the world around her transformed from the dark, dank place she knew to a bright and colorful fantasy. Blissful rocking brought her attention to the sky above. No longer was it a black canvas filled with pin pricks of light. Each dot became a complex entity using one short life to send a single ray of light to illuminate the nothingness beyond. Even the uniform green tone of the leaf cascaded into a kaleidoscope of color. Mesmerized, she plucked the leaf from its temporary home and held it to her face. How could I have passed on such bliss? All her worries melted away. 
	The leaf dropped from her hand and she threw herself on her back with closed eyes to enjoy the chirping of the crickets and the whistle of the wind in the branches. Each drop of blood forked out on its own from her empty stomach mimicking the tentacles of the wind above. Focusing on each miniscule drop, Emily followed its course as it reached the tips of her toes or the depths of her bicep. When every crevice of her body was warm, Emily remembered the pervert lying in the underbrush beside her.  
	As much as she wanted this disgusting human being to suffer for his disgraceful existence, the delirium was blissful and the bloodlust controlling. She bent over the comatose body and latched on.
	With the last hint of human essence transferred, Emily felt herself triple in strength. The pleasure of removing such an abhorrent being from this new beautiful world transformed Emily into a being with immeasurable power. 
	Emily toyed with this previously untapped physical power, crossing the vast expanse of Pennsylvania and upstate New York to find herself overlooking Niagara Falls.  The serenity of the backdrop and the new outlook triggered a distant memory. 

	“Emily, I’m not a Guide. I am a Collector. My sole position within Francesca’s enterprise is to follow selected humans to ensure they will suit the needs of the company. Once they have been deemed fit, the Society begins the transformation, as you well remember. Once the individual has been brought to headquarters, my job is complete. All suspecting family members are disposed of and a Guide is appointed to ensure a smooth transition.” Jean Claude had paused as the tears slid down Emily’s cheek. He half stood and thought better of it.
	Emily raised her open palm above the table. “Please don’t. If you want me to believe you are a heartless bastard, don’t. Please continue.”
	“Francesca felt that your situation was a bit different. By allowing you to keep your family, she has done everything but paint a bright red target on your back. Word has reached all ends of the vampire realm that you were offered the transformation on your own terms. Never before has that happened. Many rather old and established vampires are livid.”
	“And what, you’re the best security she has to offer?” Emily made no effort to hide the distain in her voice. 
	“Actually, I am. We can both follow the minds of your children for anything out of place and I can focus on keeping Francesca’s investment safe. Your mental strength is an asset to the Confederation. No matter what department you train for, everything you do will aid the goals of the company.”
	“And those goals are what?”
	“Basically, the Confederation has two main purposes. Protect vampires from widespread exposure and protect humans from rampant and malicious vampires.”
	“Protect humans my ass! Was my family being protected when my husband was murdered and I was transformed? What about your dinner? Are they being protected?”
	“Emily, please try to understand. Without human blood, you will be useless. Useless to the Confederation and helpless to your children. A vampire needs human blood to survive. The sooner you accept that, the sooner your new life will begin.” 

	That night after the uncomfortable heart to heart conversation, Emily made a vow to prove to each and every vampire that it is possible to live without human blood. 
	Now after ten years of devotion to her personal cause, she stood on the edge of a mental and physical chasm. She had broken the only two oaths she had taken in the vampire world. To abstain from hurting humans to help herself and to keep her children safe no matter what. With another human’s blood sloshing around inside her, she thought of Landon at the mercy of the Confederation.
	Jean Claude would be proud. She had finally resorted to his vampire perspective; human blood is vampire gold. Now disgusted with herself, Emily bid goodnight to the refreshing Niagara spray and sped home to her youngest children. 

***

	Back home, she just couldn’t stop thinking of Draco. Imaginary kisses tingled the back of her neck and the tips of her fingers itched to run across his hardened pectoral muscles. She could no longer ignore the tingles in the depth of her womanhood. She needed him.
	She reached for the phone and punched his number, not surprised for him to answer on the first ring. “Everything ok?”
	“Wonderful. I fed this evening on a perverted man in the woods. Where are you?” She had his full attention.
	“Are you insinuating—”
	“I insinuate nothing. Would you like to meet me for our long awaited rendezvous?”
	“My love, I’m not sure that’s such a good idea. Landon—”
	“Don’t delay,” she teased. “My birthday suit awaits.”
	Draco stood dumbfounded. He had waited for years for this but drunken sex wasn’t the way he’d imagined. Her birthday suit. He pictured her flowing blond hair and bare skin. 
	“I’m coming,” he said aloud.
	
VI
	Draco sat erect on the edge of Emily’s bed full of conflicting emotions. Is this really the best time for this? he asked himself. 
	When she stepped from the steam of the shower, all question disappeared. There was no mistaking her intentions as she stood stark naked in front of the shower and ever so slowly ran a towel over her body working to be sure nothing was covered for too long. 
	First, her slender legs with one foot propped on the edge of the tub bending forward pushing her back end toward him. Next, her slender arms, the perfect skin of her stomach, and the back of her neck. Last, she arched her back and ran the towel over her hair before shaking it loose. 
	He couldn’t take any more. He had to take her.  Seductively in his own, he moved across the bedroom shedding his clothes. 
	She met him halfway and jumped into his arms, wrapping her legs tightly around his midsection. Draco dropped to the floor right where they stood. 
	When they finally came up for air, the two were entwined under the thin sheet of Emily’s bed. Draco running his fingers over her perfect skin and Emily silently reflecting.
	“What is it, my love?”
	“So many things. The smallest being the lack of stretch marks on my abdomen. The largest being Landon’s safety. I have so many thoughts. I just don’t know where to focus first.”
	“I would love to discuss your body.” Draco moved under the sheets and kissed her belly button and moved up to her mouth. “It’s just perfect.”
	“I guess you’re right. Blood does the body good.”
	



 




 
October 2

I
	As Emily prepared for Landon’s big homecoming game, she could feel a new glow about herself. She drove so fast in the anticipation to see Draco that even Hope noticed. “Mom, you are driving like a bat out of hell. Are we being chased by some invisible demons?”
	Grinning to herself, Emily she replied, “Sorry, Hope. My mind is.”
	“Don’t apologize. The faster we get there, the faster I can try to forget that horrible place you moved us to. I mean, did you even check out the area before dropping us there?” Hope’s piss poor attitude was a needle in the side of Emily’s happiness. 
	“Damn it, Hope. I know you hate Pennsylvania. I get the fact that you think I ruined your life. I understand, really. But seriously, we don’t need to spend every minute of every day reliving your misery. Instead of wasting your time voicing your negativity and ranting about how badly I wronged you, why don’t you take some time to reflect on what we left behind, huh.” Emily had always tried to be positive toward her children in every situation possible but twenty four hours of whining from a sixteen year old is all it takes to push a mother over the edge, mortal or otherwise. 
	“Ok, Mom. Let’s see what I left behind.” Hope began counting on her fingers. “My boyfriend. All my friends. Dance Committee. The editor position on the school newspaper.”
	“Hope. That is more than enough. Of those things, only one of them wasn’t completely superficial. It’s time you branch out on your own. If Gavin cares, he will support you and I’m sure Heights High will have a Dance Committee for you to make more friends,” said Emily. “And I truly doubt this horrible outlook is going to get you anywhere with the newspaper at your new school.”
	“Remember our adventures,” chirped Asher from the backseat, eliciting an evil glare from his already angry sister.
	“You two used to get in all kinds of trouble. Remember the fire truck?” They relived the last few years and laughed together for the second half of their two hour trip.
	By the time they met Draco in the parking lot, both children were flushed from continuous laughter. “Wow, Draco. It’s almost as if you hear us coming from miles away. You always know exactly where we are going to park, too. Do you have ESP?” Asher asked in the truly innocent demeanor only he can pull off. 
	“Yes, Asher! I love sports. The only way to keep up with the Giants is to watch Sports Center. I thought you knew that.” Draco caught a glance of Emily’s fear stricken face just as Asher was overtaken by laughter that began in the pit of his stomach. 

***
	With Asher settled onto the bleachers beside her and Hope off giggling with her shallow teenage friends, Emily scooted closer to Draco and scanned the crowd for anything that could possibly cause harm to her family. 
	The sting of days past was more than Emily could handle turning her happy glow into a gray haze. The liveliness of the crowd pushed in from all angles causing a sharp pain through the center of her chest. Even with Draco’s oversized paws wrapped around her petite hand, the memories of watching her children grow without their father was heartbreaking. John had missed so much. 
	The adorable group of mini-cheerleaders reminded Emily of her own eight year old daughter standing in just that spot not too long ago. That particular homecoming, Emily spent days marching in and out of every accessory store with Hope looking for just the right ribbons. “No, Mommy. You just don’t understand. They need to be green like the football players. That is not the right green.” 
	Emily would never forget the fight over the sparkles either. “I have to have sparkles on my face! I am going to be a cheerleader. They are beautiful, Mommy. Plus, Heather said her mommy is going to let her wear make-up. If I can’t wear make-up like her, then you have to at least let me be sparkly.” In the end, Hope was the most adorable eight year old cheerleader ever to do mini cheer camp. The perfect ribbons matched the perfect green pleated skirt just like the big cheerleaders and the glitter spray for her hair put an already happy girl over the edge!
	Of course, watching the little twelve year olds run back and forth in front of the bleachers brought back a whole other set of memories. Landon always loved the football games. Even as a toddler, he would watch intently as the Healers played, criticizing every wrong move with professional precision. But it wasn’t just the football game itself he loved. The whole atmosphere of the games would paint such radiance to his already angelic face. He always said he was going to be the best player the Healers ever had.
	The screaming crowd returned Emily to the present rescuing her from the still vivid memory of the horrible night that robbed her of human normalcy and open possibilities. When her eyes reached the football field stretched out in front of her, she soon realized the screaming crowd was cheering for Landon as he ran down field yards ahead of the closest white jersey.
 
     ..the longest rush of his high school career. Landon Anderson has just intercepted a Jaguar pass to score yet another touchdown for our very own Sacred Heart Healers bringing the score to 27 zip. 

	Draco was already on his feet chanting along with crowd. Even if John did miss everything, at least the kids had their trusty Uncle Draco. What other century old vampire would risk a Friday evening on the town to watch his half-baked girlfriend’s mortal child play football? 
	For a moment, the world was no longer riddled with blood sucking demons. Instead, she was part of the most loving family of five ever to grace the earth. Just like all false moments, the sweet fog must dissipate leaving behind a stale reality. Someone, no something was following Landon for unknown and possibly deadly reasons. 
II
	After a glorious homecoming win, both the varsity football team and the cheerleaders planned to party it up teenage style. “Draco, it’s not safe! If anything happened—”
	“Listen. Of all the beings in the universe, you know I am the single one who sympathizes with your desperate pleas. I feel the same love for him as I do you. Knowing that, please allow me to care for Landon. Escort Asher and Hope home and I will keep an eye on Landon.”
	“Draco, you must understand.” The desperation in Emily’s eyes carried enough intensity to sway even the strongest of wills. “If anything happens to him, I will never be able to survive. I can’t take such a risk!” 
	“I do understand your point of view. Please look at it from Landon’s view. He is an eighteen year old boy. This may very well be his last high school football game as far as he’s concerned. Once he transfers to Heights High, he won’t be welcome to these after parties. Not to mention the fact that we just spent a majority of his life trying to convince him that supernatural beings don’t exist. It’s not like we can reason with him.” Draco was pulling out all the stops to convince Emily to allow her oldest son to live his young life to the fullest, even in these highly dangerous times. “Trust me.”
	“Fine. You win. Just remember that if anything goes wrong, I will never forgive you.” Without so much as a passing glance, Emily turned and left Draco standing alone in the parking lot. 
	Taking the hint, Draco searched the minds around him for Landon. Once located, the connection held fast while Draco scoured the images held within the minds of those surrounding Landon to ensure that none of Francesca’s goons were present.  The image Draco found through the eyes of a young girl, was much scarier. Hidden in the shadows of the concession stand stood a lone vampire.  In a flash the vagrant was gone.
	Draco had a newfound understanding of exactly what Landon’s safety meant for the future of the whole family, Draco included. Listening to Landon’s mind would not be sufficient if another being was in fact lurking in the shadows. He knew he must be much closer to rescue the boy from a vampire with true preternatural powers unlike his own diminished power. With that thought, it became painfully obvious that Draco needed to find some true human blood to bring his immortal powers up to speed. 
	Keeping Landon in his peripheral vision, Draco pinpointed a bickering couple hidden behind the bleachers. On first glimpse, it was just a typical teenage fight. Digging deeper into the young boys mind revealed another story. 
	“You little whore. What do you expect me to do? The kid ain’t mine anyway. Rumor is you slept with the whole varsity team.” The malice in the young boys voice wasn’t anything compared to the grotesque thoughts he hadn’t verbalized. 
	“Danny, you know I was a virgin. You also know what you did to me. This baby can only be yours. Do you think I want to have a baby at fifteen? If you hadn’t raped me—” The young girl was cut off mid-sentence by a backhand strong enough to knock out a professional cage fighter. 
	“You will not breathe a word of this to anyone. You hear me? If you do, I promise that night will be like Christmas.” Just as the boy finished his sentence, one of the Healer cheerleaders caught his eye and jogged off. 
	Draco knew immediately that such a vile human being could not be left to roam the world. He plucked the boy from his prance as if he were a lone dandelion destroying the beautiful green of the yard. Shaking with anticipation after years of living vein free, he tipped the boys head exposing the pulsing carotid artery. He held the boy in his iron grasp allowing the pain of anticipation to burn his throat. Once the pain was too much to handle, Draco sunk his teeth into the soft flesh savoring the sweetness of pure human blood. He truly couldn’t remember the last time he’d taken a human. The blood itself was so much better than the stale discarded blood supplied by the mortician. 
	Draco felt his strength build in just the minute it took to drain him. With little effort, he could hear Landon’s voice with such clarity that it seemed to be coming from his own brain as opposed to the other side of the football field. 
	“You want get outa here?” Draco tossed the drained corpse onto the roof of the school and tucked himself under a large blue tarp in the bed of Landon’s truck. 



III
	All Landon wanted was to enjoy his last night of teenage normalcy with his favorite people at his second favorite place in the world, the notorious Baker Boys party. Rumor was there had always been a group of Baker Boys at Sacred Heart. Even before football itself, the Bakers threw the best parties. They always hid at least two kegs in a back closet and a few piles of Pizza Hut boxes in the kitchen.
	Teenage girlfriends don’t understand the excitement of an after party the same way their football player boyfriends do. As far as they are concerned, the after party is just a football player's way to get into a cheerleader's pants. What better way to release the remaining adrenaline than in the sack with an ever so flexible cheerleader? 
	The problem with this theory is that the word cheerleader is not a synonym for slut. Most cheerleaders are just athletes themselves. It just so happens they cheer at football games, creating a common bond between cheerleaders and football players the same way a PB&J sandwich creates a common bond between peanut butter and jelly. One can’t survive without the other.
	That being said, the stereotypical cheerleader does exist; the girl whose skirt is always pulled up for the successful football player to climb aboard. Usually, they see the football player with a full ride scholarship as a means to a future. It’s not that they are sluts necessarily; it’s just that they have no other means to move on from their current position in life. When the mind lets you down, utilize the tools you do possess. 
	For the Sacred Heart Healers, Landon was the star player with open opportunities and Cari was the dumb cheerleader looking for his attention. Poor Landon should have known that bringing Janie and Cari together in a place full of adrenaline and beer was going to be a bad situation. But the optimistic fool had to learn the hard way.
	“Hey, sexy man! You know this win is all yours, right?” The sweet voice whispering into Landon’s ear was timed perfectly with the click of Janie’s bathroom door. “Oh, don’t pull away. That loser could never satisfy you the way I will.”
	Cari wove her hands seductively into the curly locks at the base of Landon’s neck and began nibbling vicariously at the soft tissue of Landon’s ear lobe. Giving into his teenage impulse, Landon wrapped his arms around the young girl’s not so fragile frame and crushed her into his chest. 
	Allowing the scene around him to fuzz and fade into nonexistence, Landon placed one finger under Cari’s chin pulling her face to meet his. The aggression behind his kiss was enough to take her breath away. Just as sparks began to fly, a very angry Janie swam into view and began screaming obscenities that would cause a sailor to blush. 
	 “Aww, come on Landon. You know you can do so much better than her. I don’t know what your attachment has been to her for all these years anyway.” Cari’s sharp words stung, but what upset Landon more was the twisted meaning he took from them. 
	Landon untangled form Cari’s arms and stepped back. “You know this can’t happen. I will not be your shiny prize for such despicable behavior. You knew exactly how Janie would react. Like it or not, you and I will never happen. Especially since I am moving to Pennsylvania tomorrow.” Leaving a sputtering cheerleader in his wake, Landon ran for the door to head off Janie in the street. 
	“Janie! Wait. You can’t walk home from here and you know it.”
	“Seriously Landon. On our last night together. You couldn’t have just walked away tonight of all nights! I’m done.” 
	“I’m sorry. You are very right. I should have walked away. In fact, we shouldn’t have even come tonight. I knew it was a gamble but I just wanted everything tonight. There are no guarantees for anything after today.” Just short of dropping to his knees like all those sappy movies, Landon begged Janie not to walk away. “Come home with me. I promise I will make it up to you.” 

IV
	Standing in Emily’s former bedroom for the second time in twenty four hours caused shivers to run the length of Draco’s spine. The intimate evening spent with the love of his life seemed so far away, almost as if it had been a dream. With a keen ear focused on the young couple once again locked in the neighboring bedroom, he dug his phone from his pocket. Before he could type a message, a discrete mark on the carpet caught his eye. 
	A closer look revealed a footprint pressed into the freshly shampooed carpet. As opposed to the print found in the bathroom the night before, this print was a hiking boot and much smaller. Immediately, Draco thought of Jean Claude. He was the obvious choice for a transformation mission such as this, being the number one tracker with the Confederation as well as a cold hearted bastard. Even as a human, Jean Claude was in love with the taste of blood. In his mortal words, blood is nature’s seasoning.
	Only once in over a century had Jean Claude’s emotional firewall been breached. It was roughly two months into his arrangement with Emily when Jean Claude hopped in the kitchen window after a long and desperate hunt to find her hunched over the sewing machine sewing on Girl Scout patches.
	Her nearly waist length golden hair hung on either side of her shoulders leaving the soft shimmering skin at the nape of her neck exposed. Before he’d known what he was doing, he found himself kissing the exposed patch of delicate skin. 
	Emily, not expecting physical contact from her strict body guard, jumped from her chair and swung a clenched fist in his direction. It was at that precise moment Jean Claude found himself at a crossroads. He needed to decide whether to stick with Emily and see where these unsolicited feelings led or run for the hills. 
	Nearly ten years later, Jean Claude was still unable shake his feelings toward Emily despite Francesca’s efforts to drive a supernatural size wedge in the almost relationship. It was precisely this unsolicited love Draco was counting on to keep Landon safe. 


V
	“God Damn it, Landon!” Adrenaline amped Landon’s post coital mood causing him to drive his little yellow truck in a way that would make Kyle Busch jealous. Well, the adrenaline and Janie’s squealing. 
	“Lighten up Janie, I just want to remember that squeal of yours.”
	“Lighten up! You’re joking, right. When you have to explain why your truck is wrapped around a light post—”
	“Seriously Janie. When have I even come close to an accident?”
	“There’s a first time for everything, butthead.”
	“Fine. I’m sorry. I promise I will be a good boy.” He slowed the truck to a pokey five miles per hour. “Better?”
	“Why do you have to be such an ass?” Large swells of tears streamed down her face in the moonlight. 
	“Why are you crying? I am only going to be two hours away. We already discussed this. You can catch the train up or I will drive down. If all else fails, we can meet halfway.” 
	“I know, but I worry. New school means new fish. What makes you think we will last through this?”
	“You are being ridiculous. It’s not like we just started dating a few weeks or even months ago, Janie. We have known each other since kindergarten and have been exclusive since sixth grade. Like wolves.”
	“Penguins. You’re right. It’s only two hours.” Janie leaned across the truck and kissed Landon on the cheek before getting out. As usual, Landon was out of sight before the squeak of the front gate. 
	Janie slipped past the blare of the television and up to her room before the true water works began. By the time she reached her bed and stuffed her face into the pillow, the heaving sobs had completely consumed her petite frame. Pity and depression shook her to the very core. The future was already looking dark and dim. 
	As she fought with to control her ridiculous blubbering, an eerie feeling crept in. Every hair on her body stood straight on end. Slowly sitting upright proved to be a challenge as each muscle tightened. Obscure movement in the corner caused her to flee to the bathroom across the hall. 
	Different location did not replace the unwarranted fear. She sat on the toilet and held herself tight waiting for it to pass. Once it did, she talked herself into a shower to keep from having to return to her room.
	The steam flowed over the shower curtain warming and fogging the small bathroom. Dropping the days creased and wrinkled clothes into a pile at her feet, Janie stepped into the shower. The tension flowed down the drain with the water leaving her feeling refreshed. 
	Ratel pulled back the shower curtain just far enough to reveal himself. What he didn’t expect was the immediate male response to the young girl’s posture. With her eyes closed and her back arched under the steaming water, Ratel mustered all his immortal strength to keep control of his sexual impulses. “You were perfectly right, young one. A shower was just what we needed.” 
	Janie’s immediate response was to scream, but when she opened her mouth nothing escaped. “You are not afraid,” he said.
	She nodded and asked, “What are you doing in my bathroom? Are you—” 
	“Please, child. It’s best you don’t ask questions.” Ratel gently ran his frigid hand over her quickly warming body reveling in the tingles pulsing through his body as a result of the touch. Tension quickly filled the air as Janie fought back the urge to scream aloud. Wrapping one arm around her naked waist and the other around her mouth, Ratel whispered into her ear, “I know how badly you want to scream but you and I both know how that will end. Either way, I have not yet made my decision.”
	Ratel slowly slid his hands from Janie’s mouth and waist, allowing them to flutter to just the right places. Places that would send them both into a tizzy had the conditions been right. 
	Slightly out of breath, Janie asked, “What is it you want from me?” 
	“I have already answered that. Finish please.” The tension was nearly more than he could bear. Each minute quiver of her heart reverberated through the predator’s hardened organ. That coupled with the increasing intensity of her quickening pulse put Ratel on edge. 
	Janie had barely turned the water off before he took her into his arms, naked and dripping. The steam rising from her body filtered through Ratel’s thin black t-shirt, melting the bitter ice his undead body had become. “I would apologize, but you are everything I fantasize about.” With that said, Ratel sunk his elongated fangs deep into Janie’s soft, innocent flesh reveling in the sweetness of Janie’s youth before swallowing down. He had her right where he wanted; comatose and unable to fight back. Women are best silent and lacking emotion. 
	What to do? You would make a gorgeous submissive vampire servant but your blood is just so tasty. To throw you into a grave blood intact or to dump you into the river, that is the true question. Either way, your disappearance will be quite the addition to the Anderson troubles! Might as well enjoy myself before making the decision!
	Ratel took another long pull from Janie’s neck. Suppressed hatred laced the luscious blood accentuating the already sadistic instincts deep within Ratel’s hateful being. Still unsure what to do with the girl, he flipped her over his shoulder like a ragdoll, bound from the second story bathroom window and disappeared into the trees beyond. 


October 3

I
	Katrina lived in the dark as all this spun around her. She had no way of knowing she was the center of an undead investigation or that undead was even truly a thing. She had done enough research to know that something strange existed in the world, but not enough to know that she was part of it. When her history teacher decided it would help to understand how history affects society if the students researched their own family history questions began.
	It was while she was researching her home town in Colorado that an article caught her attention. A high school student disappeared one evening reappearing a few weeks later as if nothing happened. Despite the incessant questioning by both police and psychologists, Cori Planker had no recollection of the time away. In the end, a doctor cleared him and he returned to life as usual. Within twenty four hours, three more high school students went missing and people began to suspect Planker. 
	The more she researched, the more twisted the story became. Occurrences such as this were happening across the country in regular intervals. Always small towns. Always 18-24 year old men. After about a month of research, she stapled a US map to the ceiling of her secret attic fortress and began marking towns and tracking the movement across the country. 


II
	Sunday morning began with Asher plopping in front of his  morning cartoons at the typical six a.m. time and Emily flipping pancakes in the kitchen until both boys were bulging at the seams. Once Hope stumbled out of bed, still angry and irrational, everything slid downhill.
	By noon, the fighting was more than Draco’s preternatural hearing could bear, so he slipped out the backdoor for an early afternoon stroll to clear the irritation. 
	Cool, bitter air was just what he needed. The last time he’d been part of a true family unit had been over a century before and even then, there weren’t any children around. He was the youngest of four, all spit out within a five year period. His older sister lived over 70 miles away with her litter of children, a distance not easily traveled before the invention of motorized vehicles. Before Emily, he believed children were a myth. They existed somewhere in the world, but he hadn’t the proof. 
	The more continuous time he spent under the same roof, the less he understood Emily’s sanity. Vampires possess short fuses just as wild animals, so what kept Emily from eating her young? Literally eating them?
	Draco wandered further into the dense forests of the Pocono Mountains letting his mind empty completely. The smell of decaying life sparked vivid memories of hunting the forests at night in his early years. He hadn’t chosen the forest for the animals but the vagrant souls that ventured west in search of gold.
	Everyday life in the Pioneer Days could get a bit monotonous but when the big problem of the day is whose turn it is to milk the cows, you tend to forget there is even a world outside your farm fences. That is until you find yourself face to face with a vampire and eternity becomes a much larger issue. 
	
	For the first few months of his undead life, it was easy for Draco to keep his immortality secret. He snuck out at night, drained a few vagrants and returned to his unkempt bed before morning. Of course, there were a few times his mother knew otherwise. He would just say he’d spent the night in the barn and she was none the wiser. 
	Then there was the night of the dreadful incident. While he’d been out hunting, his mother had a heart attack and died. Being the youngest of the lot, Mother was his responsibility. The preparations took much longer due to financial shortages and bickering over inheritances. After being unable to hunt for nearly two weeks, Draco met with the local funeral director to settle the particulars of the headstone. To his dismay, the man looked pointedly at Draco and spoke the words he’d been dying to hear. “Son, you need to replenish your wilting self. Please take from my stores.”
	Confusion knotted Draco's face until the balding man turned from him and opened a small icebox hidden in the paneling and withdrew a quart milk bottle of blood. At first, Draco couldn’t help but stare at the small box packed with quart size bottles of crimson liquid. Tearing his eyes away, Draco was able to form one word, “How?” 
	“That is a long story for another day. Right now, we must tend to your mother's burial stone.” Once Mother was comfortably laid into her eternal resting place, that undertaker tucked Draco under his wing and began teaching him the ways of the undead. 

	The sound of running pulled Draco back to present in time to see a large white tail deer drinking from the fresh pools of an undisturbed waterfall. Every thought, every spec of humanity within him silenced at the strong heartbeat of the flesh and blood prey. Had a human passed within miles at that moment, he would have met an untimely death.
	Draco pounced the nine point buck. Keeping his preternatural strength rested solely on the antlers, Draco spun himself until he was settled across the buck’s massive midsection and promptly sunk his teeth. The natural forest smell embedded in the fur ignited Draco’s inner animal as he drained the deer.
	Contentment filled every crevice of Draco’s preternatural body, painting a deep grin on his face as evidence of his afternoon lunch. A newfound longing for family tingled deep within his bones and he rose for home. 
	All the joy melted away when he tripped on someone, no something’s discarded trash. The corpse held an odd resemblance to the large deer carcass left for the coyotes. Her throat had been completely torn away and her clothes displayed evidence of a rather gruesome battle. The absence of dried blood on the open wound signified that the attacker had been of the sadistic undead type. Had an animal chosen to attack this human, the tender gullet region would have bled out leaving a scarlet sheen on the surrounding leaves. 
	Her tattered shirt revealed what had once been a pure white bra with lacy fringes. Glancing below the waist revealed matching lace panties, no longer white with innocence but stained with virginal blood. Scattered across the ground beside her lay the remnants of what appeared to be a Catholic school girl skirt.
	He sat in the decomposing leaves and thought of Hope and how he’d left her this morning over typical teenage bickering. He had sworn to protect the family, not watch as they met the same untimely death as everyone else he loved. It was time to man up.
	He stood and analyzed the scene just as he’d been trained. The bloodiness of this scene was not a trait of Francesca’s goons. Though they were bred to be cold hearted killers from the time of transformation, they were also trained to refrain from unlawful killing. And to leave a body right out in the open was definitely against Confederation code. Whatever did this had the potential to make Jean Claude look like a mere kitten. 
	Draco began searching for identification though he wasn’t quite sure what to do if he’d found it. Sadly, all her personal items were gone. He dug a hole to bury the body away from any ensuing varmint. 
	As he lowered the girl from his shoulder, her head lolled to the side revealing a carving in the pink tissue behind her right ear. He was shocked to see it was not truly a shape at all but ornate lettering, carved after death as no blood stuck to the mark. 
	Once the girl was covered with fresh dirt, Draco stood over the shallow grave considering what to tell Emily, if anything at all. As the mother of three vulnerable children, she deserved to know what demons haunted the forest around the Pennsylvania home. However, it would also cause her to become frantic. He decided to withhold this information as long as possible. 

October 4
Katrina knew her life was going to drastically change when she climbed out of bed Sunday morning. She couldn’t put her finger on it, but something was very different. Maybe it the air had become fresher. Maybe it was just the way she rolled out of bed, happy and intrigued. Either way, she knew it was different. 
She swung her legs over the edge of the bed and slipped her feet into a pair of fuzzy pink slippers before heading for coffee. It didn’t even bother her to find Edmond missing again. She just brewed some herself and stepped onto the front porch to enjoy the fall air with coffee in hand. 
There, on the porch, was a package with her name on it. Wrapped perfectly in basic brown packing paper with a twine bow on the front. Tucked under the string was an envelope. At first, she recoiled. To her knowledge, no one knew where she lived. Edmond always said it was to keep her safe, though she never questioned his motived. 
The note was amazing; printed in the most ornate and beautiful handwriting on white parchment. The words were even more flawless. She had to read it through a second time to grasp what it was saying. Even then, she didn’t believe it could be true.  
How was a sixteen year old girl, hidden in the forests of Pennsylvania, going to change the world? Katrina thought it was impossible. Either way, curiosity had a firm grip on her as she set her steaming cup on banister and ripped into the brown paper. She nearly missed the yellowed photo as it drifted to the floor. 
There laying on the ground at her feet, she saw her mother’s eyes looking up at her. The photo itself was nothing fancy. Millions of families throughout the world possess just this photo of their family standing on a porch somewhere, grinning ridiculously for the camera. Katrina, however, didn’t. She had no recollection of her mother and few photos to know her by. This was a precious treasure for her. 
Tears filled her eyes as she reached down with a trembling hand and scooped it off the floor. A middle age couple stood on the porch; him with a mustache much too large for his face and her with large hair consistent with the early nineties. The woman had her arm around a teenage boy, maybe sixteen at the time. 
She flipped it over to reveal a date on the back. 1995. The year Katrina was born. Looking back at the front, she noticed the man was holding a pink bundle of blankets. As she stared at the man holding an infant her, she noticed a mailbox fastened to the house reading Cole 1823 Washington Ave. 
Katrina wanted to run to Edmond with the photo. Surely, he could explain it? She was gathering up her coffee when she realized he wouldn’t be as receptive to a random package on the porch. He was terrified of the outside world and knowing someone had made their way to his porch may cause him to pick up and move. She was not going to allow that. Besides, she still had the package in her hand. 
She pulled back the brown paper wrapping to reveal a leather bound book. It was beautiful. Someone had taken the time to hand stitch a silver crest  featuring a bull passant into the leather before wrapping it around the wooden cover and setting it in place with iron brads. 
The inside was even more mesmerizing. The words looked to be written with quill and ink and were centuries old. 
Though needst fear the graveyard for the rising dead livest there. Thy tombe is thy bead and thy blood quenchest thy thirst.
What could rising dead refer to? Zombies? Vampires? Katrina thought of Cori Planker as she flipped through the book. Some pages had pictures of the dead thrown in holes with bricks shoved in their silenced screams while other featured dead buried face down with their head between their legs. The worst was a man with what could only be described as a railroad tie protruding from his forehead. Katrina could think of no worse way to desecrate the remains of a loved one. 
Intricately drawn maps covered the last few pages, some with excessive right down to the trees. More odd were the random bright red runes scattering each. 
There were so many things Katrina wanted to research. The address on the mailbox. The name Cole. The bull passant. Even an obscure map she found buried in the pages. She just wasn’t sure where to start. Her solution was to replace her now cold coffee and sneak into her attic sanctuary to absorb as much as she could from this odd writing. 


October 5

I
	Emily could tell something wasn’t right with her first born the second he entered the house. He was unusually happy for the first day at a new school, especially after the horrid weekend he’d had. The phone call from Janie’s mother came in about midday Saturday. Of course the rotten bitch hadn’t called to inform Landon of his long time girlfriend’s sudden disappearance but to demand she be returned home instantly. All he could do was stutter and babble making himself look guilty. 
	After about five minutes of back and forth between Landon and Tracy, Emily stepped in. Unabated, she hung up and called NYPD to report a kidnapping. After questioning, police ruled the case as a typical teenage run-away and returned Landon home where he continue raving like an unruly lunatic.
	“It’s impossible!” Landon roared. “We talked about the future. She knew she only had to deal with it one more year! What reason would she have to run away?” 
	“I understand your view,” Emily tried her hardest to reason with the distressed boy. “but, you have to take the police report into account. There was no evidence of a break in. She came home, showered and left with bags packed. Her parents said her room was completely empty of all her personals. How else can we explain that?”
	“I don’t know, Mom. I see what you’re saying but it doesn’t make sense.”
	“Ok, consider this. We know Janie’s home life is bad. Do you think maybe she could have possibly walked into something awful when you dropped her off? Where would she have gone?”
	“She wouldn’t have gone ANYWHERE without calling me! This wasn’t her doing!” Landon fought with both Draco and Emily to run back to New York to aid in the search for the lost girl. After an hour of screaming and a few sets of conveniently misplaced keys, Landon gave up and stomped to his room. 
	He should not have been so chipper a mere forty-eight hours later.  Emily didn’t have to ask what had changed his countenance. His thoughts were like a slap in the face with a rowboat oar. He had met a girl at school. Her deepest fear was that Katrina’s forbidden knowledge was making her interesting to Landon.
	“How was your day, son?”
	“Leave it to me to make a complete ass of myself on the first day. I tripped on the way into my English class and flew head first into a row of desks. To make it worse, the class had already started!”
	Emily cringed as Landon relived the hour long class. “So this girl I met today is a little odd. The teacher is talking about Beowulf and I’ve already zoned out because it’s just so boring and the girl next to me asks about some poem. She called it A Vampyre of the Fens. Ms. Nickson was shocked when Katrina mentioned the word vampire, her face kinda squished up like someone had just stomped on her foot.” Landon paused to pull a granola bar from the wrapper and shove it in his mouth. Emily took advantage of the silence to scrape the boys mind for his true reaction to the question. His response had been so strong that she could feel it replay through his body. Every hair on his arms stood on end and he swung his head up from his doodles and stared at the girl. Vampires are big now but this girl seemed to believe they were real. How odd. 
	“So, Ms. Nickson says, ‘The truth is the word vampire didn’t show up until the mid-1700’s and Grendel didn’t fall under that definition either. I would say the anonymous author was most likely drawing upon the utter grotesque notion of a man eating monster.’” Landon paused yet again to drain a large glass of milk. “I guess that answer wasn’t enough. She raises her hand again and says, ‘What if the author dug through history for a similar man eating beast?’ You should have seen her shaking. Ms. Nickson starts talking about the challenge to create a cultural epic and how these authors did steal from other countries to make theirs better. Then she says, ‘The vampire you are thinking of didn’t emerge until vampire hysteria took hold of England in the eighteenth century.’ She names short stories like ‘The Vampyre’ and ‘Wake not the Dead.’ Then she says, ‘Katrina, this would be a great topic for your end of the year essay.’”
	“And let me guess, Landon. You just had to be part of a project with vampires, didn’t you,” Emily snapped. 
	“You know me,” Landon said. “The original plan was to trace the literary and cultural history of the vampire from as long ago as Ancient Egypt and Mesopotamia to the vampire that emerged in late eighteenth century British Literature, but I get the feeling that Katrina is looking to find something else.” 
	Draco broke in. “Sounds like you have your hands full. I’ve already made dinner if you’d like to eat. Your mother and I have work to do.” Emily took Draco’s cue and led him up the stairs to their office. The door had barely latched behind them before Emily’s skepticism began. 
	“What are the chances, Draco? Do you think she knows more than Francesca was aware? Why else would she latch onto my son so quickly and with a project about vampires?” Draco’s eyes followed the figure of his love as she paced frantically across the enclosed room.
	“Please, love, don’t make any rash decisions. At this moment, the girl is no immediate threat.” 
	“Think of what could happen!”
	“As you said, could happen.” Draco rose from his chair and placed his hands firmly on Emily’s shoulders. Eyes locked together, he chose his words carefully. “Calm yourself and go have dinner with your children. If you are still frantic after dinner, we will run up to the house and listen in.” 
	“That might not be a bad idea. I’m sure Hope will want to antagonize her brother a bit and we can get some more information. I think your right.” Emily stood on her tiptoes and kissed Draco unexpectedly, catching him off guard. 
	He quickly adjusted his grip and wrapped his arms around her waist. “I love you, Emily.”
	“I know. Let’s go!” Emily slid her hand into Draco’s and dragged him downstairs. 
	Emily crossed into the kitchen just in time to hear Hope’s astonishment. “I can’t believe you would just move on that quickly. And with that disaster, no less!” The look of disbelief on Hope’s face should have curbed Emily’s fear but instead amplified it. 
	“How do you know this girl, Hope?” Emily asked as she dished pasta onto her plate.
	“She’s in my pre-cal class. She cowers in the corner and refuses to talk to anyone. I have never even heard her speak. I don’t know how he got her to speak.”
	“Because I’m hot. Duh!” Hope swung at her brother but he was just too quick. 
	“No fighting at the dinner table. Wait until we’re finished!” The whole family gave a bit of a chuckle and succumbed to silent chewing.

II
	“Why are we in the library if you’re just going to search through the internet? You could have done that at home alone instead of inconveniencing me.”
	“I figured if we met in the library you would be focused on our work and not on my gorgeousness. Is it working?” Landon answered with the cheesiest smile he could muster.
	“First of all, could you be any more conceited? Secondly, I don’t believe gorgeousness is even a word.” Katrina didn’t try to hide the irritation in her voice. She was tired of being inconvenienced by the obnoxious boy hijacking her research.
	“If you are going to be rude, I won’t show you what I found,” he said as he lowered his screen.
	“Whatever, I don’t have time for this.” Katrina began to pile her books together and pulled her backpack from the floor.
	Landon took the hint. All playfulness aside, he spun the computer around. “Vampyres and Where to Find Them. It was published in London in 1736 by William Cole.” 
	Katrina’s breath caught in her throat. “Ok. Do you think it’s theoretical or does it look like this William Cole thought vampires truly existed?” Reacting to the scrutiny in Landon’s expression, she added. “The timeline in this book, Vampires, an Extensive History, shows that the word vampire didn’t even emerge in the English language until 1734. How is it this man is already using the word so easily and properly?”
	“I would say he believed vampires truly existed. He even hand drew maps of England showing where vampire lairs have been known to exist. He refers to a manual by Philip Rohr, De Masticatione Mortuorun, or Of the Chewing Dead. It was written in Germany about fifty years before.” 
	That name, Cole. There it was again. She needed it. “How long is Cole’s book? Can we print it?” 
	“210 pages.”
	Katrina’s mind reeled. I wonder if the maps match?  “Let’s print it!” 
	Landon laughed at her excitement and she blushed. “I’m sorry. I got a little excited.”
	“Yes, you did. It’s going to cost a lot to print it here. We can run to my house and use my mom’s printer, but I’m warning you, no funny business. You must resist the urge to defile my innocence.”
	The cocky attitude was obnoxious. Despite herself, she couldn’t keep her knees steady and had to put her hands on them to keep them from knocking the table legs.  The attraction scared her. “I really can’t today. I have to head home. Why don’t we create a joint Google account for this project? That would give us the ability to create a Google Doc for this paper and share the library.” 
	“I’m already working off mine. I can just share it with you. What’s your email address?” 
	When Landon was finished, Katrina grabbed every possible book related to vampires and attempted to part ways.
	“Are you planning to walk? I can give you a ride home. You’ll have to meet Bumblebee at some point anyway.” 
	 “I appreciate the offer, but I think I’m going to walk.” Katrina imagined Edmond’s face when some strange truck pulled in the driveway and shuddered.
	“Are you sure? It’s really not a big deal,” he said, met with Katrina’s desperate head shaking refusal. “Fine, I guess I understand. I saw a flyer inside for a movie theatre downtown. Would you like to catch a movie with me Friday night?”
	Katrina’s resolve melted at the boy’s persistence. “I really can’t Friday night, but I heard Dracula is playing tomorrow afternoon. We could go then.” Dating meant so many things she wasn’t ready for. A mid-day black and white movie could be chalked up as a research outing.
	Once Landon pulled away in what Katrina could only imagine to be the infamous Bumblebee, she sped home.  She just had to know who William Cole was and what he had to say on the subject of vampires. 
	By the time she reached her hidden attic fort, the idea of Cole vampire hunters had become a provable fact. She climbed through the attic access in the ceiling of her closet and threw open her computer.
	 The author’s note exploded off the screen. 

	The idea of a vampire as a living, or rather an undead creature is not a modern notion. It is an idea as old as people themselves. There is a logical explanation for this. VAMPIRES ARE REAL. They go unnoticed each day though they walk amongst us in every corner of the world. I am here to teach you how to find these ghastly blood sucking beasts and exterminate them. There have been rumors of modernized vampires disregarding the ancient traditions but they are not of concern as they typically feed on large animals or the varmint of the human race. In time, you will learn to recognize the demons this book is meant to teach of in comparison to those of harmless intent.
	She had seen the material presented in the book before. It a duplicate of the journal she’d found on the porch. Before long, Katrina fumbled through the trapdoor to fetch the hidden diary. William Cole must have had this specific diary because the chances of this extent of replication were beyond coincidence. It was time to find out what connection she had to this Cole family. 
	The faded Polaroid was tucked inside the front cover where she’d left in the day before. Its yellowed edges added to the feeling of nostalgia as she ran a finger over the face of a mother she couldn’t remember. A tear slipped down her cheek and landed on the leg of her jeans. She watched as it spidered outward. When it could go no further, she wiped her face and found met her trusty friend Google online. 
	The truth was awful. An old farmhouse burnt to the ground leaving behind nothing but a pile of ash. Only a toddler and teenage boy escaped the wreckage; everything else was lost forever. The state awarded custody of the young girl to her older brother for fear that separating the two would be detrimental to the young girl’s development. 
	At the bottom of the article was a picture much like the Polaroid in in her hand. The infant was about two years old and a much older couple joined the family; the man frightened as he looked sideways at the teenage boy. An ancient graveyard, riddled with deteriorating tombstones, stood behind the family. With the graveyard in mind, she turned back to the journal. Just as she thought, it clearly warned against graveyards. 
	“If they are so terrible, why would we live in one?” she asked aloud. 
	She leaned back in her chair and put her arms behind her head as she pondered the thought. As she lifted up her legs to prop them on the antique trunk she used as a coffee table, three funny shapes etched in the soft wood caught her eye. They were the same three runes that were stitched in silver below the shield on the journal.   
	With that, she realized understand the runes may be the key to unlocking this whole mystery as they were splattered on everything. The maps. The journal. Even her own possessions. 


October 6


I
	Katrina didn’t open up to many people. Blame Edmond for the isolation or the crippling nightmares for the fear. Either way, it made for an uncomfortable drive to the movie theater with Landon. 
	“Have you seen Dracula?” Landon asked, desperate to break the silence.
	“No, have you?”
	“Never. I am really not a big fan of black and white movies. They are usually so cheesy.”
	“I don’t get out of the house much. Outdated movies were about all I had,” Katrina responded. Landon was surprised to hear Katrina say anything personal about herself after prying for information without result. 
	Landon grasped the subject of Count Dracula now that he finally had her talking. “Everyone has heard of Dracula, though. You know Stoker based him off a true ruler? Apparently, Dracula was an evil ruler in Romania in the fifteenth century. Vlad the Impaler.”
	Katrina couldn’t help but laugh. This boy was trying so hard to impress her with his useless knowledge. She hoped he didn’t realize she was taking mental notes. “Why did they call him The Impaler?” 
	“According to Wikipedia, Vlad was known for impaling his victims with a sharp pole. That truly is sick and twisted. I can imagine why Bram Stoker thought he would be a great villain.” Landon was suddenly happy he’d stayed up half the night researching Dracula before their big non-date. “I wonder if Vlad’s ridiculous pole is what led to the theory that vampires need to be staked through the heart?” 
	“I guess it could be. Just something to add to the research list, I guess.” In truth, Landon could be right about the whole stake thing but it seemed highly unlikely. Discussing vampire death made Katrina unexpectedly nauseous. The idea of having to kill something that may or may not be real was scary, especially when she considered the unknown connection between herself and this self-proclaimed vampire hunter family. 
	She quickly changed the subject. “I made a list of stories I would like to read to include in our paper. Do you want to copy it for yourself or should I share the doc?” 
	“If you add the stories, I can read them and take notes on my tablet.” The words were out before Landon could take a minute to filter them. Of course this poor girl who couldn’t afford minimal monthly pleasures such as cable didn’t have a tablet. How pretentious of him to assume she did. “Unless you wanted me to print double copies at home. That would give us a chance to scribble on them and share notes easier. I can find and print the stories tonight.”
	Katrina’s breath caught in her throat at Landon’s thoughtful offer. Maybe this boy really wasn’t as obnoxious as she thought. Yes, he was the cockiest human being on the face of the earth half the time, but he did have a sincere side. “Actually, why don’t we split the list. I’m not sure all the stories will be available online. If you’ll be sure to note the ones you can’t find, we can ask the librarian to request them through inter-library loan. We may even be able to get other libraries to photo copy what we need and mail them directly to us.”
	“Sounds like a plan.” Landon slid his beat up yellow truck into a parking spot, switched off the engine and turned to look at Katrina. The clarity of her emerald eyes froze his voice right where it began, rendering him speechless.
	“Landon, you’re staring at me. Let’s go.” Shaking his head, he stepped out of the truck and walked around the front to help Katrina with her door. 
	He reached for her hand and received a notebook. “Are you really planning to take notes? You know we can just absorb the movie today and rent it afterwards to take notes from.” 
	It was a compelling argument. Katrina wasn’t sure if she’d ever have another chance to see a movie with a boy. Especially a boy who seemed to just want to spend time with her. “You’re right. I can always watch it later. It’s not like this movie will really have any influence on the paper.” She put the notebook back into her bag but kept a tight grip on the bag itself. “Just in case,” she muttered.
	The walk from the car to the ticket booth proved to be trying for both. Landon shoved his hands deep into his pockets to keep from grabbing for Katrina’s hand while she resorted to shuffling through her bag for ticket money. 
	Tension did not abate once they were seated. Landon sat on his hands until they were nearly numb and tingling from lack on circulation. Katrina fixed the movie screen blankly. In the end, the teenagers had spent ten dollars to simulate living statues for seventy four minutes.  Neither remembered the most obvious points of the storyline.
	The plan had been to watch the movie and then head to the library to discuss their findings. After the movie, however, there was nothing to discuss . . . Well, nothing vampire related. 
	“Isn’t there a little coffee shop around the corner?” Landon asked.
	“There is. Books and Brew. Did you want to mosey on over?” Katrina felt the blush move into her cheeks before she was able to finish the sentence.
	“Mosey? What century is this that teenage girls use the word mosey?” Landon couldn’t help but laugh at the goofy girl. 
	She rolled her eyes and walked away. When he finally caught up, Katrina looked rather comfortable at a tall coffee shop table. 
	“Do you normally chase teenage girls? You do know that’s a bit creepy, right?” Katrina said with a smile. 
	“I see you have a sense of humor. I totally didn’t expect that!”  
	“I am a puzzle for the ages. I would like a hazelnut coffee with cream and sugar.” 
	By the time Landon returned with her oversized cup of sweet smelling coffee, so many notebooks were strewn across the table that he had to wait for her to clear a small hole for her cup. “Sorry, I was just anxious to get something started.”
	“Katrina, you really aren’t fooling anyone. You didn’t see any more of that movie than I did.” The frank tone startled even himself. How could he possibly have these thoughts about this girl after what happened to Janie? On the outside he was calm and collected but inside he was working furiously to shove his guilt back into the little hidey hole where it belonged.
	“What do you mean? I know you never left because that ridiculous cologne you wear was incredibly distracting.” Again, her face took on that adorable pink hue that Landon loved so much. 
	“So, I’m distracting, you say. That’s interesting. Which one of these notebooks do you use as The Journal to Landon’s Heart?” Landon began playfully flipping through the closest notebook he could find. To his and her relief, it was completely blank. 
	“Ok, seriously though,” Landon continued, “There is just something about you that I am drawn to. It’s almost as if you hold a part of me that I never realized was missing. It’s a little scary.” Thinking of Janie made his voice crackle. “Just four days ago, I was planning to spend the rest of my life with a girl I’ve been dating since we were in preschool and the only reason that isn’t happening is because she disappeared over the weekend.”
Katrina felt her heart breaking as Landon revealed his soul. Selfishly, she could only think of how her one human connection was being ripped from her before it had even been created.
	“Wow, Landon. I’m so sorry. My feelings for you are mutually complicated. I also need to make it perfectly clear that I am not a rebound. I have never had an emotional connection to another human being in all the time I can remember. I would really prefer my first not be heartbreak before it starts.” As much as she wanted to pull all of her skeletons out of the closet right here and now, what would happen if Janie suddenly reappeared?
	“So, we can both say without fail that absolutely nothing was gained from watching that ridiculous black and white movie. The question is, do we want to try again or call it a loss and move back to the literature?” Katrina asked.
	“The bits and pieces of the movie I did see were rather comical. Maybe we should rent the movie and try again.”
	“It won’t have any relevance to vampire hysteria. On the other hand, Bram Stoker would be a great reference since he is the single most recognized author of vampire literature from the time period,” Katrina said.
	“Ok, Doc. The only issue is Dracula may also be the single most boring book ever written. Trust me, I have tried.” Landon rolled his eyes and made a gesture like he was putting a gun to his head. Noticing Katrina’s disapproval, Landon attempted to back petal, “I know it’s literature, but since this project is going to be so large— You know what, let’s not discuss the paper.”
	“Um, ok. Then why are we here?” 
	“To enjoy each other’s company,” Landon said, causing Katrina to giggle. 

II
	Ratel moved closer to his young prey. Unaware of their audience, the young ladies were at ease in their tennis match. They pranced after the ball and grunted loudly with each return triggering Ratel’s deepest impulses. As he scooted closer, each droplet of youthful perspiration drove him mad. He was mesmerized by their shimmering skin and the quick rise and fall of their chest. He was so worked up, he couldn’t decide if he wanted to quench the bloodlust or the sexual impulses first.
	He wound his fingers through the chain link fence separating them. Calm yourself, Rat. Patience will deliver both girls right into your lap. Oh, waiting was the worst. He felt as if at any moment he may burst with anticipation, erupting from his carefully chosen hiding place to take the young women right on the tennis court. 
	As if cowering in the bushes like some horny teenage boy weren’t enough, the strong scent of organic decay was swiftly overtaking the warming metallic scent he loved so much.  He rocked back on his haunches and prepared to strike while the allure was still strong. 
	A seductive droplet of shimmering perspiration slid down the inner thigh of the closest girl catching the pink fading sun light. The late evening shades of pink and orange gave it the crimson quality of discarded blood. His whole body was beginning to twitch with anticipation. Not. Yet.
	Silently, he unzipped his pants and released the tension while his prey pounded the ball back and forth between them. It wasn’t enough. His mouth began to water and his quaking body echoed each thump of their hearts. 
	He placed his fingers back through the fence and began to climb. Slowly at first as to remain unnoticed, quickening his pace as her reached the top. He watched them for above for a few rallies, reveling in their perkiness as they chased the ball. 
	After what seemed like days of painful waiting, they finally finished. Still under the impression they were alone, the girls bent over to gather their belongings allowing their tennis skirts to reveal their most personal possessions. The saturated fabric clung to fold of their body exposing everything.  Ratel went into frenzy. 
	Silently, he dropped from the fence and grabbed the girls. He dropped the brunette to the ground and pinned her in place with a boot to the larynx. The red head, he pulled against his hardened maleness. Keeping eye contact, he raised her wrist to his mouth and bit hard into the flesh.  The blood flooded into his mouth. He savored each morsel as he watched the light go out of her eyes. 
	 The wiggle under his boot reminded him of the other girl. “Oh, how I love brunettes,” he said to her. “Don’t worry, I won’t neutralize you quite yet. I have other urges to tend to, first.” 
	Gently, he laid the first girl beside her and lowered his pants, enjoying the crippling fear crossing the brunette’s face. “You will not scream,” he growled before insertion.  



October 7

I
	“I am so bored!” Asher snapped. “I should have stayed home with Mom and Draco and their googly eyes.”
	“I didn’t expect this to take so long. Dracula is supposed to be a classic and with it this close to Halloween, I figured someone would have it,” Landon said. “Wait. Did you say Mom and Draco are making googly eyes?”
	“How could you not notice? They are so busy staring at each other half the time that they don’t even realize I'm in the room.” The contempt Asher held toward his mother and favorite Uncle Draco laced each word giving it more of an edge than he meant. “It’s so weird!”
	Landon, being the oldest Anderson child, had fond family memories of his parents together. He vividly remembered walking into the kitchen to find them intertwined or watching them sit on the park bench laughing like young lovers. Landon stilled believed his father could be alive and recoverable. Hearing Asher describe his mother’s new love was heart wrenching. 
	Even if John were alive somewhere in the world, he clearly didn’t want to return home or he’d already be there. “Asher, you need to understand something. Mom and Draco have been working together for so long that this is just the next step. Uncle Draco must have loved Mom for a long time to have put up with her children for all these years.”
	“I understand that. I just don’t wanna see it.” Asher’s apprehensive pause gave Landon a second to prepare for the inevitable question to follow. Even so, it hit him like a kick in the gut. “How were mom and dad together?”
	Careful to arrange his words, Landon’s answer was brutally honest. “Mom and Dad were so much in love that sometimes it was as if the three of us didn’t even exist. They were created for each other. You know how a puzzle piece only fits in one place?” Landon asked.
	“Yes.”
	“So were Mom and Dad. If one was missing, the other didn’t  function properly,” Landon said. 
	“She’s all right without him now. Maybe Draco’s piece was made just like Dad’s.” 
	Landon took a minute to digest the thought as he pulled into an empty parking spot in front of the fifth store he’d visited that day. Once Bumblebee was parked and the engine cut off, Landon turned to Asher, “I think you may be right. Draco and Mom are happy now so we should be happy for them. Now, come on little brother. Last store, I promise. If we don’t find it here, I’ll just check Netflix.”
“Why didn’t you check there first, dummy?” Asher mumbled behind him.

II
	The sweet smell of wet pennies hit Emily like a brick causing her to stagger backward with thirst and fear. The only being bold enough to waltz up to the door soaked in blood would be one of Francesca’s goons and the lack of mental conversation just reinforced that opinion. 
Her heart nearly burst from her chest as Asher opened the door in slow motion to reveal a teenage girl. Emily gasped. A vampire threat would have been much easier to dispose of while this visitor brought bigger complications.
	Asher was first to break the silence. “Katrina! Landon is constantly talking about you!”
	Katrina’s voice trembled with both shock and pain. “Umm, I don’t really know what to say to that.” She held up her bloody palms. “Do you mind if I use the restroom? I tripped on the way up the walk and skinned myself pretty bad.”
	“That explains the string of unrepeatable words I heard through the door,” Emily muttered as stepped up behind Asher. “I apologize for my son’s immaturity. He hasn’t developed a filter between his brain and his mouth. Asher, please quietly show Katrina the bathroom while I fetch Landon.” 
	“Thank you, Mrs. Anderson.” 
	Emily met Katrina’s eyes and startled by an unexpected fear. She tried so desperately to shake it as she climbed the stairs. Why would such a feeling of hate come from such a young mortal girl? Of course, she was completely aware that Katrina spent a majority of her time trying to uncover the truth behind the vampire legends but that didn’t explain the potent fear Emily felt. 
	As she reached out to turn the knob of Landon’s door, a frightening thought hit her. “Landon, Katrina is waiting for you downstairs. How can your room look so bad when you have only lived in it for five days!” Disgusted, Emily turned to find Draco standing over her. 
	“Leave the poor boy alone, Emily,” he said. Landon stifled laughter as he went downstairs. 
	Downstairs, Katrina had managed to clean up her new cuts and was now giggling at a still rambling Asher. “Alright, little bro. We are going to watch an extremely scary movie filled with vampires and bug sucking humans. It may be too much for such a little tyke.”
	“Come on, Landon. I saw the case in the store, moron. I know it’s not scary.” Katrina and Landon just looked at each other from across the room. Katrina raised an eyebrow and shrugged. To everyone’s surprise, it was Draco who answered Asher’s pathetic pleas. 
	“Why don’t we all watch it? I hope you don’t mind, Katrina.” Draco didn’t wait for a response before going to make popcorn. 
	He nearly stepped on Landon when he turned from the microwave. “What are you doing? Did you think I wanted to watch some stupid black and white movie?”
	“Landon, I understand why you’re upset. I was a teenage boy once and I fully understand your irritation. I am just thinking of you. What are you going to do if the authorities do find Janie? You can’t juggle both girls.” 
	Landon wanted to scream and stalk away like a little girl. “Ok.”
	The movie went rather well. The whole family, including the ever so disgruntled Hope, sat together with Katrina and watched the out dated movie and laughed at all the parts that were supposed to be frightening. In the end, Landon offered to drive Katrina home and she accepted. 

III
	Aside from the underlying tension between Emily and Katrina, the family had welcomed the young girl into the home. Even Landon felt an unusual comfort with the evening’s turn of events despite Draco’s sabotage-like motives.
	“Katrina, I would like to formally introduce you to Bumblebee. Now, I just want to warn you, if she doesn’t like you, I will have to kick you to the curb almost immediately. You see, she is a much better judge of character than me." 
	“You are joking, right? I knew you were a bit off, but personifying your truck seems a bit Yellow Wallpaper,” said Katrina.
	“Yellow Wallpaper? What are you talking about?” Landon felt stupid.
	“It’s a short story by Charlotte Perkins Gilman. Basically, the woman in the story slowly loses her mind. By the end she is stark raving mad.” As she explained the reference, her face turned a flamboyant shade of red. “I’m sorry. I forget some people have lives.”
	“Alright, Katrina. Now that you have met Bumblebee, I believe you can climb in comfortably. She just asks that you not spout any more intelligence while sitting in her cushy seats. You see she can’t read and is rather embarrassed by that.” Trying desperately not to touch Katrina, Landon stepped around to open her door. “Your chariot, m’lady.” 
	The ride was much shorter than Landon had hoped and significantly more silent than Katrina expected. She had no idea silence could be so comforting. In her recent experience, it was usually the product of unspoken insults. This was more the silence of comfortable company. Landon was just so laid back it made everything easy. 
	“Landon, there is something you should know. Only two people know where I live. My brother and myself.” 
	Sitting in the driveway, Katrina told Landon how her parents had died when she was three and her much older brother had raised her. “I have this dream just about every night. Edmond, my other brother, drags me out of a pretty pink toddler bed and out the front door. Along the way, we pass my parents. They are always standing in the middle of the living room like they’ve been frozen in place. Outside, I hear their blood curdling screams before the house bursts into flames and everything goes quiet. I know it sounds crazy, but I can’t shake the feeling that it’s more than a dream.” Katrina felt it would be better to leave out the major information about the house fire article. She didn't want to sound too crazy. 
	Landon watched Katrina as she spoke to her hands. “I have no idea what the dream means and I’ve never told Edmond about it. I figure it will just cause him to lock me down tighter. As it is, Edmond swears he’s trying to protect me by keeping me locked up in this tiny cabin but he won’t tell me from what.”
	After she’d told the whole story, she turned to look toward the driver seat and her breath caught in her throat. “I’m sorry. You probably don’t care. It was just nice to finally have someone to talk to.”
	“Please don’t be sorry and please don’t blush.” Landon was emotionally moved by Katrina’s unsolicited faith in him. He also knew if she blushed he would not be able to help himself and would have to kiss her. 
	“What do you mean don’t blush?” Katrina asked.
	“See, I sat in this seat and Janie sat in that seat not five days ago and she made a comment about penguins. She always said I was her penguin and without me she’d have nothing. She’s proven that point by disappearing and when you blush it makes me want to kiss you.” Landon had not expected to lay his cards out there for Katrina in such a heart wrenchingly honest way. 
	“We will be spending quite a bit of time together since you have chosen to crash my literature project so you need to get your feelings under control, Anderson,” Katrina said in an attempt to lighten the mood. “I am sure Edmond has seen the truck sitting in the driveway. If I’m not at school tomorrow it’s because we packed up and moved in the dead of night.”
	The look on Landon’s face was priceless. He seemed to believe Katrina may actually be forced to move just like that. “I wish I had a camera. That look is precious.”
	Katrina could barely breathe as she laughed hysterically. Working desperately to control herself she apologized. “I’m sorry.” 
	“Here’s the deal. I like you and the more time I spend with you, the more I forget about Janie. If you aren’t at school tomorrow I may have to die.” Though the words were that of a teenage boy looking for a place to stick his pecker, the look in his eyes were that of pure desperation.
	Butterflies the size of bald eagles floated in her stomach as Katrina leaned across the truck and quickly kissed Landon on the cheek before hopping out.

IV
	Katrina crossed the threshold into the house, startled by the intense cold. She knew Edmond was cheap, but he was usually the first to light a fire. Before this moment, she’d been completely unaware of her brother’s distraction. She’d been so caught up with her research that it had completely escaped her that most days Edmond didn’t get home until after dark and when he was home, he wasn’t attentive.
	When Edmond’s voice broke the silence, she nearly jumped out of her skin. “Where have you been, little sister?”
	Thrown by the condescension in his voice, Katrina stuttered a bit in her attempt to form an answer. “Oh, Ed. You scared the bejesus out of me. I was at a friend’s house doing a bit of research for a school project.”
	“Do you normally kiss your friends in the driveway?” Katrina was blatantly aware of just how angry her brother was. She also knew she should answer politely to be sure he didn’t fly off the deep end. Instead, she gave the attitude right back. 
	“You know I have NEVER been in a car in the driveway.” She flinched before the words were completely out. The crack of Ed’s backhand on her right cheek was strong enough for the young girl to stumble back a few steps. He rarely struck his sister. When he did it was memorable and this was not an exception. 
	“I am perfectly aware of how isolated you are. But you should be aware of the necessity. Do you think I enjoy it any more than you?” Edmond had settled back into his tattered armchair and collected his own secret research back into his lap. 
	“No, Ed. I don’t think you enjoy it. But I also don’t think you understand how hard it is on me either,” she retorted. “Now if you would like to continue lecturing me, that’s fine but I am going to build a fire while you do so.” 
	Katrina turned her back on her brother, opened the iron stove and began arranging crumpled newspaper into a circle in the bottom. “If your life is so damn miserable, do what you please. You’ll be of age in less than two weeks anyway. I’ve done my time and would like to live my life.” 
	Before Katrina could ask what he meant by of age, Edmond had collected his books and stomped from the room leaving a trail of papers behind him. As irritated as she was, she couldn’t shake the feeling that something was wrong. Edmond had always put one hundred percent into everything Katrina. Even in the early years, he’d been nothing but patient. 
	With the fire lit and the heavy iron door closed and locked, Katrina turned to pick up Ed’s paper trail. Judging by the scattered pages, he was studying classic literary swords. Edmond was often found in his chair with a pile of books in his lap but they were usually new shiny books about gardening or cooking. While Katrina often dug into literary history, Edmond was far from a scholar. 
	Katrina collected the pages together and stepped to stack them on the side table when another much older page caught her eye. It was a hand drawn map of Northeastern Pennsylvania covered in the same peculiar markings as the map from the diary. 
	Forgetting all about the birthday conundrum, Katrina scooped up the map and rushed through her bedroom to her attic sanctuary. Once both maps had been spread out aside each other, the similarities were shocking. It wasn’t just the markings that were similar. The only true difference between the maps was the material used and the location portrayed. 
	Katrina remembered William Cole’s map and nearly fell to the closet floor scrambling for her computer. Just as she shoved the computer under her arm to hike back up the ladder, a voice behind her caused her to jump. “I’m sorry, Kat. I have to leave for a while.” 
	Katrina was dumbstruck. Not only had he apologized for his ridiculous actions, he was leaving the house after dark. Something was up and she silently hoped the maps would be the key to uncovering his secrets.
	With Edmond out of the house, she could work in the space of her bedroom. Instead of hauling the computer up the rope ladder she brought the much lighter maps down from the attic. 
	Again the shocking similarities caused Katrina to briefly pause in her trek for information. The intricate nature of each map was bewildering alone but together the world seemed to stand still just long enough for the true complexities to take shape. Each body of water, no matter how miniscule, was sketched in blue ink. Roads snaked across the page in a pale brown that could only be described as the color of moist beach sand. 
	Cut into the earthy tones were bright red runes. Upon deeper attention, it appeared that only three runes were used on the map itself. Utterly stumped by the runes, Katrina began flipping through the pages of William Cole’s printed copy. 

Each letter in the Runic alphabet exists within three levels of understanding. First as a simple letter to be used within written communication, second as a representation of a common item within culture and third as the root of a magical spell. It is widely believed among the current generation of the Cole Clan that the many interpretations of each rune would explain the use within Hunter maps. By using these runes, the meanings are easily lost to the mortal being. The explicit description of each rune is strictly forbidden for Hunter purposes.

	It was clear from this disclaimer that the signification and/or meaning of each rune would not be found within the internet copy of the book. Turning to her trusty old friend Google, Katrina was able to uncover the three levels of each rune, though that did not bring her any closer to understanding what they stood for on the maps themselves. 
	The sound of men at the foot of the stairs stopped Katrina’s research in their tracks. Quickly and carefully, she folded the maps and stuck them under her pillow before heading downstairs to meet Edmond

V
	Standing adjacent to Edmond just inside the front door was a ragged. His flannel shirt blackened with dirt and his jeans torn and tattered. What was more disconcerting was the wild look in his eye. He couldn't have been much taller than five feet with a pointed beard and oversized eyebrows that made him look as though he'd stepped out of a history book. He was a human replication, short of the muddied attire, of a Spanish conquistador. Had it not been for the extreme hatred of his black eyes, Katrina would have expected him to claim the entryway for his home country. 
	This being the first visitor to step foot inside her home, Katrina wasn’t sure how to respond. Introduce herself or retreat? As she stepped up to shake his hand, she realized she’d made the wrong choice. His scent caused her stomach to turn and the look in his eye was terrifying. The sticky sheen of sweat in his palm was off with the frigid temperatures of his skin. An intricate tattoo of a snake eating its own tail covered much of his left hand and wrist.
	Katrina could see his lips move as he introduced himself, though the words themselves were indecipherable. Bewildered by the entire situation, she retreated to the kitchen to prepare dinner. Then, she was able to pick up the coded conversation with clarity.
	“How does your search go?”
	“I’m sorry sir. I am unable to uncover the missing item.”
	“Your time ticks. The full moon rises in sixteen days. You know what happens then.”
	When the door slammed and the mysterious stranger had gone, Katrina waited for Edmond to come into the kitchen. Instead, she heard the distinct sound of him stomping down the basement stairs. 
	“I guess dinner is unnecessary.” She grabbed a few bananas and headed back to her room.
	Within minutes, she was back in the attic with her maps across the floor and a copy of the rune chart in her lap. It took a bit of fumbling through the internet to come across a translation of “The Anglo-Saxon Runic Poem.” The poem coupled with the chart gave identity to each of the three runes splattered across the map; eihwaz, thurisaz and othila.
	Eihwaz is described as a guardian of flame and joy upon an estate while thurisaz is considered extremely evil and severe to all who sit among them.  The third rune appeared quite prominently across the Scottish map but seemed to be completely absent from the state map. 
	Baffled, she disregarded that particular rune and focused on the evil rune, thurisaz. Using the scale to determine the distance between the red dot of our house, the closest thurisaz rune proved to be a short two mile walk through the forest. According to a recent map, there was an old railroad trail that circled the mountain. 
	When she heard Edmond rummaging around in the rooms below her, she sat stock still waiting for the noise to pass. 
	Her mind wandered to the visitor. Was it odd that he looked so out of place in this century? Life had become quite odd. Maybe it was best not to dwell on the minor details. 
	An odd dream met Katrina’s sleep. One of the type that lead a person to believe they are awake and living the experience. 

	A spotlight shone on a bed. Not just any bed but the bed I was fast asleep in. Hands coiled with wiggling snakes shot out of the dark and wrapped around any extremity they could reach. With all else hidden in the darkness, I kicked at the hands and wrists in view though I was too slow to connect with a single target.  
	Before my very eyes, the snakes began coiling their way around the assailants’ arms until their mouths could reach their tails. To my astonishment, the snakes stopped wiggling long enough to be transformed into Ouroboros tattoos. From somewhere in the darkness beyond, a voice commanded, "Get her now" before the hands pulled me from my bed. 
	The army of hands wrapped around my limbs and carried me into the darkness. The darkness was so thick I couldn't make out even the larger details within inches of my face. All at once, we emerged into another spotlight focused on a large alabaster fountain. The smaller details of the fountain seemed to be lost in the crimson water that spewed from the stark white marble. 
	The fountain was circled by two rows of people. The inside circle consisted of terrified girls no older than nineteen years of age. Some begged to be released; others stood in silent shock. Behind each girl was a young man with the air of arrogant dominance.

	Somewhere deep within her brain, a bell rang. Simultaneously, the men slit the girls’ throats and dropped them into the fountain. The bell continued until her eyes shot open and she slammed a tightly locked fist onto the alarm clock.   

October 8

I
	When Katrina walked into English Lit., she nearly turned and ran from the room. Scrawled across the black board were a few chosen runes leaving her to wonder if Ms. Nickson was peeking in her attic window at night.  
	Despite the fact that Landon had only been around for a few days, it was a relief to hear his voice reach through the fog. “Katrina, you look like you’re going to faint. Everything okay?”  
	“Surprisingly, yes. Having you here makes everything a little better.” The shock of the moment was written all over Landon’s face. 
	Feeling a bit over confident, Landon jumped at the opportunity. Without missing a beat, he said, “Well, if that’s how you feel, maybe we should—” 
	“No. You know it’s not possible. Sit down. We are starting to attract an audience.” Katrina turned and led the way through the crowd to the back of the room and took out her notebook. Flipping back a few pages produced a copy of the Elder Futhark Runic Alphabet.
	Landon’s watchful stare caused her to flutter and close the book. “Seriously, will you go see a movie with me Saturday? We could go during the day. I will even find a vampire movie so you can call it research.” 
	“All right, class. Who can tell me what I have drawn on the blackboard?” Katrina just nodded at Landon as Ms. Nickson began class. Just to ensure Landon’s silence and keep him from gloating, Katrina answered the teacher’s question. “They are runes, Ms. Nickson. I’m not quite sure from what area, but they slightly resemble the Elder Futhark Runic Alphabet.”
	“Well, Katrina. What a surprise you are this week. These are in fact runes but of the Anglo-Saxon Runic Alphabet. These runes were used to write Beowulf. Now, it does appear to researchers that the scribes may have translated many of the runes to Latin letters in their transcription of the manuscript.” 
	As Ms. Nickson spoke three piles of papers began circulating the room; a copy of the Anglo-Saxon Runic Alphabet according to Helen Lynch and Susan Dunbar of The University of Alberdeen, a photocopy of the first page of the Beowulf manuscript and the Anglo-Saxon Runic Poem. At the end of the hour, Katrina had more information than she’d ever expected pertaining to the runes. 
	Ms. Nickson began talking loud and fast as the bell rang. “Homework. Write your name using the runes. Then use those runes to create a spell. Be creative if necessary. Due tomorrow.”
	Katrina was so distracted by her excitement for the afternoon to come that she’d reached the hallway before Landon was able to catch her attention. “So, Coach Cline has given me a chance to try out for the football team this evening. I guess their starting quarterback broke his leg and the second string sucks.”
	“Ok…Good luck?” Katrina had no idea why Landon was sharing this with her. Maybe he doesn’t have anyone else to talk to?
	“I just wanted you to know that I can’t get together with you about the research until afterward.” 
	“Landon, you can take a day off from the research. I have to go home early tonight anyway,” Katrina said before realizing what Landon truly wanted. “Landon, you go to try outs and I will call you this evening if you’d like. I have a few things to do first anyway.”
	“I guess that’s good enough. Kat, I’m sorry if you don’t understand how I feel. There is just something about you that makes me want to spend every waking moment at your side.” Landon saw the rosy tone fill Katrina’s face and couldn’t fight the urge to kiss it. He quickly pecked her on the cheek and turned toward his next class. 
	Katrina’s hand shot up to her left cheek as she stared after him. 

II
	“Draco, look at it from my point of view. His mother’s point of view. If he tries out for the team, you know he will get the starting spot for any position on the field. That means he will be traveling unsupervised to football games on the team bus.”
	Emily teetered on the edge of hysterics. Any mortal mother would have been jumping for joy at the idea of Landon’s luck. As a vampire, however, she knew of the preternatural beings stalking him.
	“My dear, again, I understand all your concerns. Again, I fear for the boy’s mortality just as you do. However, let’s take a new approach. If he joins the team, he will have practice every day, hours a day?”
	Nodding furiously, Emily says, “And how are we going to protect him during practice without exposing ourselves?”
	“Let me finish. Football practice may be just the wedge to drive Katrina and Landon apart.”
	“I am supposed to be watching Katrina every waking moment anyway. If they are together, it will be easier to watch my son without breaking my duties to the Confederation.”
	Draco nearly threw his hands in the air and walked out in frustration, but he had one last card up his sleeve. “Ok, let’s take a realistic approach. Landon has a scholarship for the fall. How is it going to affect his game if he doesn’t play?”
	Emily was dumbstruck. “I guess I hadn’t considered it from that view. But here’s the catch, Draco. You will follow my son. You will invade his mind and keep tabs on him every moment he is awake. If anything happens to Landon, you might as well throw yourself into the burning depth of Mount Vesuvius.” 
	Emily walked out one way and Draco left another. He would not be proven wrong.
	When Draco reached the football field, Landon was standing stock still in the center of the football field as if he’d just seen a ghost. A quick scrape of his thoughts showed the image of a man leaning over the fence. Landon believed this man to be his late father. 
	Draco whistled from the sidelines and Landon’s head shot to the left in search of the sound. The boy and vamp quickly waved at each other and Landon’s focus returned to the game.  
	The phantom held uncanny similarities to John.  Not possible, Draco thought. Plus, the image in Landon’s mind was a perfect copy of a photo hanging in the hallway. Not of an aged man as John would be.

III
	The last hour had been a trial of the nerves. Katrina ignored the myriad questions as she battled her way through the forest Michael Rosen style. Stumble. Trip. Stumble. Trip. 
	In front of her stood a Queen Anne Victorian style mansion; perfectly cultivated gardens wrapped around the block foundation like adorned cravats wrapped tightly around Casanova’s neck. Gorgeous purple centered hibiscus plants sheltered a large wrap around porch from uninvited guests. Everywhere she looked a new flower met her gaze. The serenity of the place caused her to doubt the findings of her research.	
	Feeling both silly and a bit frightened, Katrina plopped down under the towering oaks and considered the last few weeks of research. It all seemed so realistic but what if William Cole was just some batty old Brit. Just because she followed some hundred year old map and actually found a dwelling at the other end doesn't mean it isn't just coincidence.
	A sweet feminine voice broke her doubt. “Go sweet one while you are still ripe and untouched. I cannot promise your safety for long. The night has eyes that feast upon the soul and much more dangerous parts.” Her head snapped back and forth in search of the woman, Finding herself utterly alone. The truth to the words fueled her need to know more. Something unnatural did exist on this property and she would find it. 
	She patted her pocket for her phone before starting her trek around the perimeter of the property. The house gave her the creeps. She felt the windows beckon her. Katrina turned a cold shoulder and put more distance between them. She would not join their night watch.
	It’s just a house, she thought. She froze mid-step at the sight of the turrets on the backside of the house.  Sharp peaks impaled the deep blue of the sky causing it to run red with the blood of heaven. The house’s sinister and mischievous mood turned deadly. 
	Fighting instincts to flee, Katrina allowed a magnetic pull to take her further and through a thriving apple orchard. 
	The sweet smell of decaying apples brought too many childhood memories. Sitting on Edmond’s shoulders to reach the higher branches. Steam flowing from pots of boiling applesauce. Flour puffs exploding in the air when Edmond dropped the whole five pound bag. Once the gate had been opened, the flood of wonderful memories continued. Katrina wandered through the orchard until the rotting stench reminded her of her present situation. 
	A wrought iron fence stood ahead lined with yellow flowers. Inside the fence was an intricate garden. From where she stood, she could see rose bushes peppered within the continued apple orchard. She sensed something out of place.
	Through the encroaching darkness, she could decipher the outline of a large archway. Disregarding the watchful eyes of the house behind her, she reached down and pulled three large plants from their roots. 
	A buzzing in her ears became louder as she approached the gate. A bout of nausea caught her and she grabbed the metal of the archway to steady herself expecting it to pass. What should have been cold in her grip left a red band across her palm. She stood for a second staring at the burn before she fell to her knees vomiting. 
	Crippled by the fear and nausea, she crawled into the shadows of the trees and laid in the rotten and worm ridden apples. She fell asleep listening to the intense quiet surrounding her, keenly aware of a dense fog rolling in from the silent forest beyond.
IV
	Ratel emerged from the trash ridden alley to find himself in a severely abandoned part of the city. It was the perfect place to dump a body. The store fronts were boarded up with plywood older than the rag doll he had slung over his arm. Varmint crawled through the crumbling mold ridden walls to cross wide open spaces without any mind for the street bums and drug numbed losers that made their homes deep within the abandoned rooms.      
	The scent of bubbling blood laced with heavy narcotics reminded Ratel of his mortal days on the streets. At first he thought he’d won the jackpot. It was the best of both worlds. The typical street pimp by day dealing with his fair share of prostitutes and drugs. Beloved father and husband by night. Oh, if his wife had only known where he truly went during the day while she was off making more than enough dough to support those sniveling spoiled little shits she raised. So many nights he contemplated just torching the place so he didn’t have to deal with their stupid asses anymore.
	In the end, he figured it was easier to just walk away. This new life was just the answer. He came and went as he pleased without anyone to nag or whine that he missed another football game or dance recital.
	Fuck them. He was free now and this drug was so much better. What a high it was to drain a tight little whore and then stick it to her best friend. 
	He crawled along the buildings looking for just the right entry way to dispose of his most recent catch. Something not so far-fetched that she couldn’t make her way out, but hidden enough that she wouldn’t be found. 
	“Perfect.” He swung the decrepit plywood aside and pushed his way through. The nostalgia of the place captured him for a moment as he stood in the dust. Six barber chairs stood in front of six mirrors. Their owners, long gone, probably buried in a pine box somewhere in the countryside. 
	He could just make out his reflection in the dark. There, on the wall, six perfect replicas of himself stared, each with a commentary of their own. 
	He disregarded the images and stepped around the barber pole that once proudly hailed customers from the sidewalk. “Not my fault they based their world on a temporary economy,” he growled as he flung open the basement door and bound down the stairs. 
	 

October 9

I
	Friday morning started just like any other day. Katrina awoke tangled and choking in her bedding. She believed she’d dreamt of a haunted house in the woods surrounded by an apple orchard. Until she spied the flowers sprawled across her desk and the memories flooded back. The house was real and she’d visited it. 
	She looked around her room in a state of confusion. Nothing was out of place. Even her muddied boots sat in their rightful home. How did I get home? 
	She pushed the flowers to the side and opened her computer. After about a dozen dead ends, she finally came across a somewhat promising site devoted to mythological uses of practical herbs and flowering plants. 

Wolfsbane has a rich history. Originally, the plant was used to keep wolves from gardens. Anyone with good sense would be sure to plant a ring of wolfsbane to keep wolves from tearing up the land. Over the centuries, more and more superstitious land owners began planting Aconitum around their homes to deter werewolves and other paranormal beings.
	Werewolves? Katrina had not come across that word in any of her research. It was one thing to be seeking blood sucking demons. It was quite another to believe a species of any kind to be able to morph into another species. Who planted it there and why?
	She nearly hit the ceiling when the alarm clock rang. She hit the clock and headed for the shower, still pondering the flowers. 
	When she stepped from the shower, she noticed a patch of red on the shirt she’d dropped on the floor.  She held it up in front of her to see that the whole backside of her shirt was stained with blood. It was here, standing in front of the mirror, that she found the long scratches covering my back and the gaping hole in my memory. She knew right then that the house and surrounding grounds were evil. 
	 
II

	 Katrina moved fast to catch up with Hope after school. Her heart thumped in her throat as she spoke. “I have a date with Landon tomorrow and all the clothes in my closet look like this.” Hope’s face squished into one of disgust as the impact of a closet full of rags hit her.  
	“Well, you truly are a charity case, aren’t you?” 
	Hope’s reply cut like a knife. “Is that horrid attitude what helps you sleep at night? I know there is more to you than this anger. I saw it the other day.” It would have felt so good to scream in her face at that very moment, but Katrina really did need her help, charity case or not.
	“As long as you know, I don’t really like you, right? But for my brother, I will take you to the mall after school,” Hope replied. “You do realize that just buying new clothes won’t be sufficient, right?”
	“What is that supposed to mean?”
	“Honey, have you seen yourself. We are going to need to find contacts, some way to tame your hair, makeup and let’s not forget clothes.” 
	Katrina looked at herself in the window. “I don’t think I look that bad.”
	Hope grabbed Katrina by the wrist and dragged her out of school.

III
	“Hey, Draco, have you seen Hope?” Emily asked.
	“Asher said she called a little while ago. It seems she’s taken Katrina as her new project.”
	“Would you like to expand?”
	“Hope took Katrina to the mall for her date tomorrow.”
	“Date?”
	“You do realize you have been assigned to follow this girl, yet I seem to know more than you.” Draco didn’t make a habit of insulting Emily, but it had to be said. 
	“That was low, Draco. You know I am doing my best here. I do still have three children to take care of.” Emily was sincerely hurt that Draco would accuse her of slacking on her job. Especially since the only threat Katrina posed was to herself. 
	Draco closed the gap between himself and Emily to put his arms around her. “I’m sorry, my dear. I know this whole situation hasn’t been easy on you either. Hope is taking Katrina into Scranton to the mall. She plans to give the girl a complete makeover before the football game. Honestly, I’m kinda curious how it turns out.”
	“I wonder what is motivating my pretentious teenage daughter to help a girl she doesn’t even like?”
	“She may not like Katrina, but Landon has been miserable with Janie forever. I assume Hope believes Landon’s gravitation toward Katrina will make Janie fade away completely.”
	“I can fully understand that,” Emily said. “ Asher needs a few things from the mall. I can’t seem to keep shoes on his monstrous feet. Would you like to take the boy shopping? I have to sneak off into the woods for a bit anyway.”
	“Yes, I can keep a listen to Hope and Katrina. You need to peek in on Landon every now and then though. He seems to be incredibly preoccupied lately. Meet me back here around six and we’ll head up to the game.”
	“Thank you Draco for understanding. I don’t know what I would do without you.” Emily reached out with her mind to locate Asher in front of the television before undressing Draco and making the most of the few moments before they split ways.
	Emily waited until Asher and Draco pulled out of the driveway before she disappeared into the woods behind the house. After merely existing in New York City and its surrounding suburbs, Emily was overcome with the sense of freedom as she sped through the trees headed for the high school football fields.  
	Again, a run through the forest inadvertently allowed Emily’s suppressed predator instincts to take over and she caught the strong scent of a black bear tearing through a nearby dumpster. When she’d heard about black bears roaming the Pennsylvania Mountains, Emily couldn’t help but worry for her three children who’d never been outside New York City. The strong scent of warm blood quickly shaded her outlook. 
	With each quickening footfall, the scent became stronger. The bitter smell of the forager’s blood didn’t compare in any way to that of a young man on the hunt. A human comparison would be the magnetism of an overly salty bag of potato chips opposed to the sweet fragrance of a king size candy bar. Both cause the mouth to water and satiate taste buds, but in very different ways. 
	The bear was reared back on his haunches ripping through a bag of trash when Emily finally found her way to an apartment complex along interstate 81. Distraction prohibited him from sensing Emily’s presence as she stepped up behind him and wrapped her arms around its neck.
	Legs dangling below her as the bear stood, Emily leaned around her own arms and sunk her teeth deep into the bear’s throat below his snapping jaws. She could feel his hot breath on her cheek as she drained every last drop of stinking blood from him. 
	Once life was drained from the bear, Emily settled onto the cold concrete behind the dumpster enclosure. She was surprised to find herself at ease. Draining the young man had caused her to act as if she’d just taken a strong dose of ecstasy and couldn’t be satisfied fast enough. The bear, however, was completely opposite. 
	And his fur coat was just so gorgeous that she wondered momentarily how difficult it would be to take the bear to a taxidermist and have the fur made into a carpet. Luckily, the buzzing of the cell in her pocket caused her to lose the thought. “Hello?”
	“Hey mom, I may be a few minutes late for the game this evening. Katrina’s makeover seems to be taking more time than I had planned.”
	“How are you paying for this so called makeover, Hope?”
	“With Draco’s credit card. I ran into him a few minutes ago with Asher and his exact words were have at it.”
	“Hope Christine. You will not take advantage of Draco’s generosity. Do you understand me?”
	“Yes, mom. I got it. We are actually doing pretty well considering what we’ve got. Anyhow, her contacts will be ready at 6. Then we have to get her hair done and grab some dinner. We will be there around 7:30.”
	“Alright, Hope. Are you planning to bring Katrina to the game with you?”
	“Yes and I can’t wait to see the shock on Landon’s face when he sees her! Oh, I gotta run, Mom. See you in a few hours.”
	“Remember what I said, Hope. Don’t spend too much.”
	“Alright, bye.” Emily hung up and looked at the time on her phone. She had about two hours before she had to meet Draco and Asher. This gave her plenty of time to head to the high school to check on Landon and run to Katrina’s to rifle through her pack from last night. 
	Emily could catch the faint whisperings of Edmond’s mind as she came close to the house. Though the whispering was not profound enough to create complete thoughts and ideas in Emily’s head, it was just enough to place him within the house, or below it.
	Carefully and quietly, Emily leapt from the ground and landed perfectly on the ledge of Katrina’s bedroom window. She reached down and gently pulled the frame up before climbing inside. 
	She settled Katrina into her bed the night before and placed both the bag and the wolfsbane on her desk but neither were where she’d left them. Scattered across the bed, however, were several printed pages and a few odd books. Emily distinctly remembered seeing most of the papers in Landon’s mind but one stack made her uneasy. The top page appeared to be the title page of a very old book written by William Cole. 
	Though Emily had never been trained as a Protector, every vampire knows the name Cole. Prominent in Great Britain, the Cole family was the oldest known family of vampire hunters in the mortal world, thus leading the Six Nations of Hunters. 
	Questioning her previous judgment, Emily scooped up the entire pile of papers and returned to the ground outside the window. She’d hoped to return home in time to make copies of Katrina’s notes and return them during the game but when she broke the tree line of her own home, Asher’s thoughts exploded in her mind. 
	She sent Draco a mind message to meet her in the master bathroom. Of course, his message back was that of a typical male, I’m not sure we have time before we leave. Rolling her eyes, she hopped into the bathroom window and dropped the pile of papers onto the countertop before turning to start the shower. 

III
	For a previous varsity football team captain with a full ride scholarship, Landon was uncharacteristically nervous about his first Heights game. It was more the possibility that Katrina may actually show up than the game itself. Football came as second nature, girls didn’t. 
	He was actually relieved to look up in the stands during warm up and see only Draco, Emily and Asher waving at him and Hope climbing the bleachers to reach them, with some girl in tow. 
	Something about the girl was incredibly familiar but he couldn’t figure out what. From the distance, he could only tell she had nearly waste length orange hair, pale complexion and looked like she’d just stepped out of Hope’s closet.
	Landon scoured the bleachers for Katrina before turning back to the team disappointed yet relieved. As much as he wanted her to show up, he knew if she were there, he would just be nervous and play poorly. In one last desperate attempt, he scanned the rest of the field stopping at another somewhat familiar face.
	The days after Emily’s brief time in the transformation chamber had been difficult for the whole family. The kids were returned home but they immediately sensed something had changed. Truth be told, it was Jean Claude who eased their minds as Emily acclimated to her knew body and altered surroundings. 
	“Landon, you are the oldest and the man of the house now. Your mother has been really sick and it’s going to take a while for her to be all better. She needs you to be brave and help as much as you can,” he had said.  For the first few weeks, it was Jean Claude who made dinners for the kids and took care of Emily and the face in the bleachers was unmistakably his.
	Before he could take stock of his feelings, Draco was talking to him over the fence and Emily was confronting Jean Claude. The fall out after Jean Claude left all those years before was difficult on everyone until Draco appeared. And here he was again smoothing the situation.  
	Landon watched as Emily escorted a very tense Jean Claude from the bleachers to the parking lot. Despite the fact that he had been barely nine years old the last time Landon had seen him, he still remembered the dynamic the two shared. Emily would haul him into the parking lot, give him a verbal beating and Jean Claude would retreat like a disparaged puppy. 
	“What the hell are you doing here! Our agreement was that you were never to let my children see you. Francesca put a bounty on my son, didn’t she?” Emily wasn’t sure if she wanted to scream or cry. All this work protecting her children and the day her oldest turns legal age, the Stone Queen puts a bounty on his head?
	“Of course, Emily. You didn’t expect it?”
	“And you are just going to take my son, Jean Claude. After all these years of protecting him, how sadistic can you be?”
	“Of course not, Emily. I have been following the boy for weeks. I assumed once he came of age, there would be vamps lining up to drain him.” Jean Claude watched the tiny clouds swirl around his feet as he kicked at the dirt. “I never stopped caring for them…or you. I figure Francesca assigned me to Landon because she knew I wouldn’t be able to follow through. It’s her way of manipulating my weakness.”
	“So basically, you want me to say thank you? Thank you for tracking my son without my knowledge? Thank you for scaring me half to death? Not going to happen.”
	“Would you like to know what I’ve found?”
	“What?”
	“Would you like to know who’s tracking your son?”
	“No, I will not give you the pleasure. Draco can protect Landon just fine and I owe you nothing. Please disappear back into the mist. You are no longer welcome here.”
	Landon caught a glimpse of Jean Claude slinking from the parking lot as Emily returned to her family in the bleachers causing the next to her to become fidgety. Their eyes locked across the fifty yards of separation and Landon realized who she was. 
	Like a giddy school girl, Landon jumped to his feet and ran to the chain link fence to talk to the newly made up girl. He wove his fingers through the metal lattice and yelled up the bleachers, “I can’t believe you came.” 
	Hope had clearly been successful in creating a more attractive fish for her brother to chase after. Janie was as good as ash. 


October 10

I
	Despite the fact that vampires don’t sleep, Francesca held firm to the nine am consideration rule. Any being, mortal or otherwise, calling on her before that time was said to meet an untimely end. There were even rumors that the elevator does not pass the twentieth floor between the hours of ten pm and nine am. 
	For this reason, and this reason alone, Jean Claude leaned against the marbled wall of the Confederation lobby watching as employees rushed to their workplaces. It always intrigued him the way minions ran at the orders of a single person. Didn’t mortals know how short life really is? Why waste what precious hours you have in life doing the bidding of others? Seriously, these people don’t even take the time to jack off occasionally. What a life!
	Granted he’d tried to live by his own rules and look where that got him, staring at a clock for eternity. His life expectancy depended upon Francesca’s need for him. If he didn’t prove himself useful to the Confederation, he would find himself in the incinerator, silver chains and all. 
	Before the grandfather clock chimed its second chime, Jean Claude was riding the elevator past floor twenty to talk to the queen directly. As usual, James awaited the elevator. “Jean Claude, Madame Francesca was not expecting you. To what do we owe this pleasure?”
	“My apologies, James,” Jean Claude replied. “I feel it is urgent that I speak with Francesca concerning my most recent assignment. It is of dire importance.”
	“I must step inside and see if Madame is willing. Please wait here. Feel free to peruse the new paintings. I believe you will find them most intriguing. They have been recovered from a crippling fire in Venice.” James bowed in the most polite manner before backing through the French doors of the library. 
	The paintings, however, were in no way intriguing. It was clear that the so called artist was a pedophile and chose to immortalize his obsession with one young auburn haired child in paint. 
	Disgusted, Jean Claude returned to his previous position propped against the marbled foyer walls. Instead of being the watcher, he had somehow become the watchee. Everywhere he turned a pair of oil painted eyes glared down at him. 
	Relief washed over him as the French doors parted and Francesca herself stood framed by the dark mahogany of the door trimming. “Jean Claude, how is it that you stand before me, yet the boy you were sent after still lives and breathes? Are you unaware of your role in this company?”
	“Francesca, my sweet benefactor, please hear me out,” he said.
	“The orders I gave were clear. Take the boy unnoticed and place him in a transformation chamber. How can you botch that?” The fresh anger transformed Francesca’s youthful innocent image into one of power Jean Claude lusted after each day.
	“Madame, your fear for the last decade has been that the masses would be climbing over each other to ravage the boy the second he became legal. I am here to tell you that is not the case. Not a single soul—”
	“How dare you question my judgment AND my authority. It is not your job to make decisions. It is not your job to even make considerations. It is your job to take humans. That’s it. FOLLOW AND BITE!” Francesca lifted a hand as if to slap Jean Claude across the face and thought better of it.
	“Madame, I have never before come to you with doubt. Please understand, I respect your authority and never have questioned your judgment. This situation, however, is much different. There is a bigger picture to consider.” Jean Claude all but fell to his knees before the Snow Queen. 
	“You have five minutes to present your case. If I decide against you, I will give you thirty seconds to plead for your life.” Francesca sauntered back to her desk. 

II
	Noon came much faster than Katrina had prepared for. She couldn’t quite understand how girls could go through this much trouble every day. After two hours in the bathroom, she still didn’t think she was truly complete. The sound of the doorbell was like the bell at the end of art class. 
	Katrina nearly fell off her heels on the way down the stairs. Righting herself, she reached the door just as Edmond opened the basement door looking as frazzled as ever. Both froze. Katrina opened the door to reveal Landon standing to the side as if displaying a first place trophy. 
	Edmond sighed and pulled the door close. Embarrassed by her brother’s actions and unsure of her appearance, Katrina’s cheeks shone red. 
	Landon’s knees to nearly buckled under his weight.  “You look wonderful.” 
	“Thank you.”
	 “I’m glad you found something other than overalls to wear today,” he said on the way down the front steps. 
	“That was the stipulation, was it not? And let me tell you, today had better be worth four hours of being dragged around the mall by your sister.”
	“Trust me. I have an entire day of adventure planned. Have you ever been to New York?”
	Sitting where she would have expected to find the yellow beast was a black Nissan Pathfinder. “Where’s Bumblebee?”
	“I figured it would be more comfortable to take Draco’s car since we are going to be in it for so long.” 
	“You really planned a whole day in New York City? I don’t know how much walking I can do in these shoes. Should I run in and change?”
	“Please don’t change. If you get uncomfortable, we will find you something new. It’s New York City!” It took some convincing, but Katrina finally agreed to Landon’s proposition and the Pathfinder pulled out of the driveway.
	“To answer your question, no, I have never been to New York,” Katrina said tugging her skirt.
	“You’re going to love it! I found one of those old, dusty bookstores filled floor to ceiling with the most unexpected books. If we don’t get stuck in a monster size cobweb, we can to go see a show.”
	After the longest ride of her life, Katrina was relieved to climb out of the SUV in front of the iconic bookstore. Its tattered canvas awning said Bookstore and books piled in the windows looked to be older than time itself. The heavy frosting of dust on the inside of the glass added to the mystery of what lie beyond. 
	Stepping through the door felt like entering a dream, signaled by the sound of the tinkling bells. Dust particles floated through the few rays of sunlight that managed to break through the filthy windows. 	
	The store itself was rather small yet there had to be thousands of books packed into the small area. Toppled stacks littered the floor. Shelves bowed under too much weight. No bare wall had the opportunity to peek through the rows and piles leaning against it. 
	Inside a long glass display case that ran the length of the western wall laid the most ancient books Katrina had ever laid eyes on. Under each book stand was an index card labeling books from all over the world.
 	“Wow, Landon. This is like fantasy made real. Where do we start?” Katrina whispered as if she may wake long gone authors from their eternal slumber.
	The response came from deep within the store. “Is there a particular book I can help you find, children?” From around a corner of shelving came a rather short and frail woman.
	“Katrina and I are not looking for anything specific. Thank you, Lady Eleanor,” answered Landon. 
	“Landon, how nice to see you. I see you have brought a friend,” Eleanor said before turning to Katrina. “I am Lady Eleanor. It is very nice to meet you Katrina. Would you like me to give you a general tour? I, personally, like a good scavenger hunt.” 
	“Thank you, but I think I would like to just look around,” Katrina answered.
	Eleanor looked deep into Katrina’s eyes and pointed her cane to a secluded corner. “I suggest you start right about there. I believe you will find something of significance there. Please, make yourself comfortable.”
	“Thank you, Lady Eleanor. I will take a look.” 
	Lady Eleanor hobbled back through a door hidden between the shelves.
	Landon’s warm fingers startled Katrina as he entwined them with hers. “I suggest you take off those shoes. I would hate for you to trip on a pile of books.” Doing as she was told, Katrina braced her weight on Landon and stepped out of her shoes, tucking them out of the walk way as he pulled her to the corner. 
	While many books from this section appeared to be recent printings of much older books, a few battered bindings carried names such as Phillip Roth and William Newburgh. A wooden box propped atop the shelving had a dusty index card label. “Professor Ernst Blomberg $5000,” Katrina read aloud. 
	“What did Lady Eleanor see in your eyes?”
	Katrina shrugged. “Let’s look through the books. There must be something useful here.” Loosening her hand from Landon’s, she stepped forward and began pulling books from the shelves. She couldn’t believe how many people throughout history had devoted so much of their time to analyzing the vampire legend.
	After about forty five minutes of standing with open books in their arms, Landon took it upon himself to bring two chairs to this particular bookshelf. Katrina muttered a quick thank you and plopped down in a chair, nearly forgetting about the super short dress Hope had prepared for the day. 
	She stood back up to pull the skirt down and rearrange herself in the top when she caught a glimpse of the sinking sun. “What time is it?”	“Nearly five. Why?”
	“You had other things planned. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to ruin your day.”
	“Just being with you has been enough for me.” The sweetest words in the world could not distract Katrina from the loud growling of Landon’s stomach. 
	Once the giggling simmered, Landon rose to find Eleanor to buy a few books. Katrina began collecting what she felt were truly important. In this process, a slim black book caught the corner of Katrina’s eye. When she withdrew the book, she saw the miniature Cole sigil in the black leather. 
	Before she had the chance to open it, Landon arrived wearing a grin that would put even Cheshire Cat to shame. “Awesome news, Kat. Lady Eleanor said to take anything we want. She says, and I quote, ‘That girl has a bright future. Please take what will help.’ What does that mean?”
	“I guess we’d better have quite the discussion, huh. Grab that pile and when I’m finished we can exchange them.” Both Katrina and Landon left the store with more books than they could hold and surprisingly, even remembered Katrina’s shoes.

III
	Landon pulled into the large parking lot of a strip mall on the outskirts of the city. As he guided the Pathfinder between two compact cars, he realized how little of his life he’d shared with Janie. He couldn’t understand how he was willing to share two of his favorite places on his first date with Katrina when Janie never knew they existed. 
	Shifting into park and removing the keys, Landon turned to Katrina. “Well, here we are.”
	“I got all dressed up to go to a strip mall for dinner?” Katrina was thoroughly insulted that she’d been told what not to wear because of dinner and they were at a strip mall. 
	“Trust me, Katrina. Pizza will never be the same after tonight.” Posing as the perfect gentlemen, Landon walked around the front of the SUV to open Katrina’s door for her. Instead, she met him half way. “I was coming to help you down.”
	“It’s ok. I got it.” Katrina didn’t even attempt to hide her contempt as she stumbled toward the restaurant. 
	“You are going to regret being upset when dinner arrives,” Landon said as he reached the door to hold it for his beautiful date.
	The hostess was standing behind her beat up podium analyzing the table layout when Katrina stepped through the door. “Table for two?” she asked.
	Landon took the lead in answering over Katrina’s head. “Yes. A booth by the window, please.”
	“This way.” 
	Shrugging off their jackets, the couple gave drink orders and Landon asked for a large antipasti salad. “I don’t want to be a food Nazi but we have to order pizza. What do you like on your pizza?”
	“Veggies. Meat doesn’t belong on a pizza.” Katrina tried to hide the fact that she was actually quite comfortable in a booth at a pizza place as opposed to a fancy restaurant serving seven course meals.
	“Perfect. Veggie lovers minus the onions? Ok?” Landon proposed. 
	“Sounds great. If you don’t mind ordering while I find a restroom that would be wonderful.” Landon nodded in agreement and pointed toward the back corner of the restaurant. 
	When Katrina returned, the waitress had delivered their drinks as well as the salad. “Wow. I don’t think I realized quite how hungry I am.” 
	While dishing salad, Landon asked the million dollar question. “Would you like to tell me the truth about all this vampire stuff? None of the books you grabbed today have any relevance to our project.”
	Katrina actually considered trying to cover the truth. I could just tell him it’s a fascination of mine. Before she could take this plan of action, Landon spoke. “Don’t even begin to tell me you have a special interest in vampire folklore. Lady Eleanor’s gifts have nothing to do with personal interests.”
	“If you knew what the old lady had found, why did you ask me?” Katrina asked and thought better of it. “You know what. It doesn’t matter. 
	“Landon, don’t you find it funny that every civilization has a flood story therefore Noah and his ark are real but the fact that every civilization has a vampire story is passed along as legend, folklore or myth? And if vampires are real, then doesn’t that make vampire hunters real?”
	“So are you trying to prove vampires are real or hunters are real?”
	“From what I have read so far, hunters are real. Whether or not they hunt true vampires or disturb the dead is another question. There will always be people who believe they are hunting vampires but I believe there are two unknown races of people who will forever be at odds.” Katrina made the whole speech to her salad plate. Once she was finished she looked up to see Landon’s shocked face staring back at her. 
	“If that surprises you then I will give you a minute to digest before I continue,” Katrina added. To keep herself from saying anything more, she began shoveling salad into her mouth. 
	“I totally agree with you. I have suspected for quite a while that something paranormal exists in the world. Lady Eleanor proved my suspicions the first time I walked into her shop. What surprised me today is the particular place she sent you.” Landon picked an olive out of the salad and popped it in his mouth. After spitting out the pit he asked, “So, what are you afraid to tell me?”
	Katrina took a deep breath to calm her nerves before laying it all on the table, beginning with the abductions of Grover, Colorado and coming right up to the house in the woods. “So basically, I believe I have some significant connection to this Cole family.”
	“The Cole family being a group of real life vampire hunters?” Landon asked innocently.
	“I found this picture of my family from when I was just a baby. The four of us, my parents, Edmond and an infant me were standing on the front porch of this house. The mailbox behind us was labeled Cole. When I researched the address I found an article that basically said the house burnt to the ground the same year I believe my parents died in a house fire.” 
	Katrina took a drink of her water as the waitress brought a very large pizza and set it on the end of the table. “After the lengths Edmond has gone to in order to protect me, isn’t it possible that he changed our names in the process?”
	“So you say this family may be the real thing. That is, true vampire hunters as opposed to desecrators of the eternally resting. What would make you believe this?” And there was the question Katrina had been dreading. 
	“Landon, I’m still not sure how much I trust you with this information. Obviously, I trust you with my life considering I let you bring me to New York City but this is drastically different. My brother has spent our entire life protecting me from what I believe to be the murderers of my parents.”
	“Yes, Katrina. You are right not to trust me. I am part of an undercover confederacy of vampires who work to keep the vampire world secret from mortal citizens. If you give me too much information, I may run back to the mother ship right here in the city and tell them everything. Well, now that I think about it, you may have already breached that point.” Katrina picked an olive from the pizza and threw it in Landon’s face causing a roar of laughter between the two. 
	Out in the parking lot, however, Draco was shocked. He knew Landon was joking but Jean Claude could be using his preternatural powers to eaves drop from a distance. This stupid joke could mean the end of their regular lives or even their existence altogether.
	Draco stood up from his perch on the curb and listened a bit more intently to the conversation which had changed from the serious note to an in depth discussion about the importance of pizza crust. Kids will be kids. 
	While they were engrossed in such a trivial discussion, Draco picked up his phone and called Emily. As usual, she answered after one ring with her customary salutation, “What’s wrong, Draco.”
	“My dear, please stop worrying quite so much. Nothing is truly wrong. I just thought you would like some insight into your charge’s situation. Her research into vampires began pretty recently; about two months ago. In this time, she has managed to uncover more than any immortal could dream of. What is worrisome is her knowledge of the Cole Legacy. At present, she believes she has a significant connection to this family, but no idea what that connection may be. I don’t know what you found in that stack of pages from her bedroom but she hides the majority of her research in the attic.”
	Emily didn’t speak right away allowing the awkward white noise of the telephone line to crackle and hiss for a few moments. When she did speak, her words were strong and to the point. “How long do I have?”
	“A few hours at least,” Draco judged. “They are finishing a pizza at the moment and judging by Landon’s thoughts, he plans to head around the corner to a desolate coffee shop. They seem desperate to flip through a few of the books they gathered.”
	“I will see what I can find. Send me a message when the kids start to head for home.”
“Definitely. Call me if you need anything. Bye.” Draco hung up just in time to see Landon pay the hostess and head for the parking lot. He stood back and watched as the two climbed into the Pathfinder chatting about the pizza. 
	“Did I not tell you it would be the best meal of your life?” Obviously Landon had not yet learned not to poke the bear.
	“Alright, smarty pants. I would really like a change of clothes. Is there a store nearby?” While Katrina and Landon searched Target for comfortable, yet classy clothes, Draco took the time to himself.  

IV
	Ratel leaned against the cart return of one of those big box department stores. He didn’t even bother to look up at the brightly lit name in front of him because it didn’t really matter, did it? His orders were simple. Just find her. 
	He couldn’t believe he had lost the girl to begin with but there was no way he was following her on a shopping trip. He’d been scanning minds for over an hour now. Not only was he bored but the short ass skirts girls wore these days were beginning to make his dick hard. He knew at any minute he was going to have to take one of the plump little asses behind the store and have his way with her. 
	Just as he’d begun searching for the perfect victim, I walked through the double doors of the store front. He’d heard she was gorgeous but it was still a huge surprise to see her in person. Ratel watched as she pushed her cart across the parking lot to her brand new Lexus and emptied her bags into the trunk. 
	The heart shape of her ass was just perfect as she leaned over the trunk. So perfect that the horrible thoughts running through his mind briefly disappeared. The second she stood up, however, it was all Ratel could do not to feel somewhat bad for the young woman. All she really cared about was her children. When Ratel was finished with her, she would never be able to see them again. 
	Ratel’s own mortal life had been a bit of a doppelganger situation. As much as he despised his family life, the kids had a wonderful mother to tend to their every need and deep down under his chauvinistic personality, he did truly love that about her. 
	The job became much more difficult when she began thinking about her daughter’s upcoming birthday.  Turning off his human sympathies, Ratel remembered what was at stake if he lost the girl again. 
	She was leery of returning her cart with the creeper propped against the return so Ratel turned his eyes to a car a few feet down. As soon as she pushed the cart between the rails, he spun around and caught her from behind. He knew perfectly well there’d been witnesses to the abduction but everyone knows an audience just heightens the experience. 
	Once they were in the seclusion of a vacant building, Ratel sunk his teeth into the girl’s neck and waited for the warm blood to fill his mouth. Perfect just as he expected. It was just too bad he’d been able to control the bloodlust. He would have truly enjoyed satiating another of his carnal needs. 
V
	Emily was creeping up to the cabin in the woods when her phone dinged in her pocket. The kids are headed to Scranton in search of a coffee shop. Let you know what they decide.
	Even if they didn’t stop in Scranton, Emily still had nearly two hours before Katrina would be home. Stopping briefly at the tree line to listen to the house revealed that Edmond had some unexpected visitors of the undead kind. She tried her hardest to see through Edmond’s eyes but the picture just wouldn’t come in clear enough. She could only discover that they were discussing plans for creating a search party of sorts. 
	The risk of being found inside the home was significant. If the vamps were to find her, she could be torn limb from limb and thrown into a pyre. There was no question in Emily’s mind whether the risk was worth the reward. Her son’s life was in danger and any info was better than no info.
	Summoning her Draculanian abilities, Emily climbed the side of the house toward Katrina’s window. Of course jumping in the window would have been quicker and more efficient, but the soft thud may have warned of her entry. Once inside, Emily replaced the stack of papers and closed herself inside the closet. 
	She was told the entrance to the attic could be found in the ceiling. Standing on a conveniently placed box allowed her to pull herself through the hole in the ceiling. When she stood up, she was shocked at what she found. Instead of the typical dusty, overstuffed space above a house, she was standing in what could only be described as a well-kept living room. 
	Tacked to the underside of the vaulted ceiling was a United States map with different colored pushpins scattered across it with no rhyme or reason. A closer look revealed that the pins were condensed to six areas. In a pile underneath the map was a stack of newspaper articles corresponding to each pushpin. Emily picked up the top article and quickly scanned it. 
	Emily’s skip trace training from the Confederation was all she needed to know that the abduction in the article had been committed by a vampire. What she couldn’t for the life of her understand was why the kidnapped were being transformed and returned to their hometown.
	Emily took multiple pictures of the map and snagged a few of the articles out of the pile. Again, she was amazed at how much this girl had uncovered in such a short time when century old vampires were not even aware of them. While this information could be considered important, it did not reveal anything about Katrina’s connection to the Cole Legacy. 
	Desperate to find some useful information, Emily opened the ancient trunk. Lying on top of what can only be described as a portable library was the picture of Katrina and her family from 1996. Emily wanted so badly to pocket the picture, but she knew Katrina would miss it. Just as she pulled her phone up to take a picture of it, Draco buzzed in. 
	Whispering, Emily answered, “In the house, Draco.”
	“I know. You need to meet me at home, NOW. It may take both of us to tackle this situation.” Draco hung up in hopes that Emily would be quickly on her way. 
VI
	By the time Landon and Katrina returned to Scranton, it was past eight. Katrina really wanted to go home and tear through the new Cole find but the sound of sitting in a comfy coffee shop chair with the book between them was just as appealing. 
	With Landon in line for coffee and cookies, Katrina had the chance to open the book without his interference. Inside the front was an intricate family tree. She was so engrossed with the names on the page that Landon actually startled her. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to scare you,” he said as he placed the oversized mugs on the table. 
	It was obvious to Landon that Katrina was hiding something when she flipped to the title page revealing A Hunter’s Introduction to Reaching Vampires by Richard Cole. “Wow, Kat. That’s crazy.” 
	“I know. The name just keeps popping up everywhere. I swear the Cole name is a million times more common than Smith. I had no idea.” 
	“But the subject. Reaching. What an odd word choice. Have you flipped through at all?”
	Landon’s interest in the subject matter and not the author was a bit of a relief for Katrina. She was winding up for a long discussion about who they were and why it mattered so much to her, while Landon only cared about vampire existence. “No I haven’t looked yet.” Katrina couldn’t help but to let out a squeal when she turned to the table of contents. The background picture was a sketch of tall yellow flowers against a wrought iron fence. 
	The look of concern on Landon’s face was priceless. Katrina actually laughed before she jumped into her explanation. “I just want you to know first that I am not insane.” Landon nodded as Katrina set the book on the table and picked up her cup. “So, I told you I have found a ridiculous amount of information about vampires by Cole authors. Well, the other day I found a map of the area covered in runes. Three runes in particular. Long story short, I followed the thurisaz rune and found a large fence inside an apple orchard. Up until now, I was baffled at what could have been inside the fence.” 
	Pointing to the page, she said, “Look at the picture behind the words. Not the words themselves.”
	Landon took the book and said, “These are pretty interesting flowers but what significance can a simple drawing in a book hold to our everyday life?”
	“That’s just it. This is not just a drawing in the book. This is exactly what I saw when I came to the fence. I pulled some of the flowers and stuck them in my backpack. Wolfsbane is a means to keep werewolves from entering a home. I know you are thinking it could be some odd coincidence, but it’s not. Behind the two foot tall plants was a wrought iron fence.” A shiver went down Landon’s spine. 
	“It says here that vampires generally use Wolfsbane to keep hunters from entering their grounds. If a hunter comes in contact with a Wolfsbane flower, they will experience nausea and possibly vomiting. The more plant juices that are absorbed into the skin the worse the reaction will be. ‘Most importantly, a hunter must never purposely pull a wolfsbane flower from the ground. Contact with roots will cause him to fall into a deep sleep placing him at his weakest,’” Landon read. 
	Again, Katrina gasped. She could only mutter, “It’s not possible.”
	“Apparently it is very possible. Listen to this.” Landon read aloud.  “‘If a hunter must pass a line of wolfsbane to enter an enclosure, they must ensure they do not allow the flower to contact with the skin.’”
	“So, I can cross through as long as I have jeans on? Basically, that’s what it’s saying, right?” Landon nodded. “Well, you up for an adventure?” 
	“I don’t mean to be a party pooper, but don’t you think before we enter a land of the living dead we should have a little more information? I don’t know, maybe learn to defend ourselves?” Landon asked.
	Katrina thought a minute. “According to all the myths, vampires are supposed to sleep during the day. Even Grendel didn’t come out until dark to attack Heorot. All right, tomorrow we go!” 
	Landon couldn’t muster the strength to dispute. “At least we’ll die together, right?” he joked.
	“If you’re so worried, I will let you take Richard Cole’s book tonight. Study up. Our lives are in your hands.”
	“That’s reassuring,” he muttered.
October 11


I
	“Francesca, you of all people know we aren’t supposed to work on the Sabbath.” Jean Claude said as he strolled off the elevator.
	“Don’t press your luck, little man. You know as well as I that you’re alive simply out of necessity. Had I not needed you for this task, you would be standing at the gates of Hell as we speak.” Francesca stepped around her desk highlighting the faces of screaming devils so intricately sculpted into the front. 
	“Yes, Madam. What do you have in mind?” Jean Claude’s ego required a tad bit of belittling to keep him focused and on task.  
	“Today, you will follow Landon and Katrina. You will report back to me at the strike of nine am tomorrow morning. Understand one thing. If you come back with less information than I expect, you will find yourself turned to ash. Now, go.” 
	James appeared from the foyer to escort him back to the elevator. The ride to the lobby was one of difficult silence. Who was that redheaded whore to send him, Jean Claude, on a babysitting mission? Did she forget who he was?
	Once he stepped through the double doors and onto the New York City streets, his rage boiled over.  He hovered a minute in place ensuring every human eye within a hundred yards could see him before he rose above the city buildings and flew to the closest small town between him and Landon. 
	He landed on his feet in the center of a group of teenage girls sitting in the town square. Within seconds, the screaming could be heard for miles as the vamp slaughtered the town. It was so gratifying to sink his teeth into the first girl he could wrap his arms around. He gave another girl a head start and once he heard her mind say she was in the clear, he flew up behind her, wrapped his arms around her mid-section and struck.
	The feeling of draining a young girl dry just because brought back memories of the French country side all those years before. The terror of the townspeople may have been the greatest benefit of all. They could do everything in their power to lock their girls away at night, but Jean Claude always found a way to lure them out. 
	This was even more wonderful. After nearly two dozen girls, Jean Claude realized he had no room left inside him. For the first time ever, he could hear the massive amounts of blood sloshing around inside him. Throwing aside his last victim of another vampire lustful impulse overcame him. 
	Quickly throwing the dead into a pile, Jean Claude lit the pyre before soaring away. It was one thing to be seen. It was another to leave evidence of misconduct behind. Rule number one: remain inconspicuous. Never take what can’t be disposed of. Granted, rule number two is only take what should be taken. Screwed the pooch on that one, HA!
	Jean Claude was pleasantly surprised at how much faster he could fly now. Oh, Francesca. You are wasting your number one Tracker with bullshit jobs. Don’t worry, you will get yours! 
	Somewhere around halfway back to the city, Jean Claude’s common sense came back to him. As much fun as it would be to land on the roof of the Confederation and sneak into Francesca’s rooms, it would definitely end in certain death.
	Instead, he turned toward Yale and snatched a pretty little snob for the torture.

II
	Katrina woke up eager and ready to go before the sun peaked over the horizon. She was unsure whether it was the aspect of spending the day with Landon or the possibility of crossing the wolfsbane barrier that excited her.
	Either way, she was awake and swore there were voices coming from the rooms below her, but when she descended the stairs into the darkness of the kitchen, she met emptiness and silence. Confused, she cleaned out the coffee maker and started a new pot before turning to the stove. 
	Being at odds with her only living family member was grossly unsettling and nothing brought people closer together than food. Just as expected, the sizzle of bacon and scent of Folgers lured Edmond just as in the commercials. He leaned against the door jamb watching his sister cook for minute.
	When Katrina finally turned to face Edmond, he stepped around the table toward her. “You are up awfully early, Sis.”
	“I have been awake for about an hour, so I figured I would cook up some breakfast and we could talk,” Katrina responded. 
	“Is there something you need?” Edmond asked.
	“No, we just haven’t seen a lot of each other lately and I thought a meal would be good for us.” Honesty was something they had always shared since the day of the fire. The last few weeks drove a gaping hole in their relationship. Both seemed to have secrets to hide and Katrina was ready to spill her beans, whether Edmond followed suit or not.
	Silence closed in on the kitchen as Katrina fried a few eggs and Edmond toasted some bread. By the time they were sitting at the table with full plates before them, the silence was unbearable. Katrina blurted, “Edmond, something’s going on. You can’t deny it anymore. Not only are you never around but when you are here, you are withdrawn.”
	“Why would you assume that?” 
	“Because, in thirteen years, you have never left the house after dark.”
	“I figured you were old enough to care for yourself. I don’t need to be here to watch over you every waking moment. Was I wrong?” The cruelty seeped from Edmond’s response.
	“No, Ed. You are right. I am old enough to care for myself. I have been caring for both of us for a while-”
	Edmond exploded. “What do you mean, caring for us? I didn’t see you getting a job. Putting food on the table. I haven’t seen you do anything for us. I gave up having a life of my own to take care of you. I could have easily left you in your toddler bed to go up in flames with your damn parents but instead I sacrificed my life.” 
	Katrina could only stare behind him as he stomped from the kitchen and slammed the basement door behind him. Two words stung. Your. Parents. What could that mean? Instead of getting all worked up by his anger, Katrina calmly finished her breakfast and cleaned the kitchen the best she could with shaky hands.
	An hour later, she was stepping from the shower when she heard Landon pull into the driveway. She ran to her bedroom wrapped in a towel and leaving wet footprints behind her. She was so happy to have the new clothes Hope had bought her on Friday that she couldn’t help the hop in her step as she sped around her room throwing clothes on. She bounded down the stairs with a mop of dripping hair thankful for Edmond’s ritual disappearing act.
	Landon was just stepping onto the porch when she flung open the front door and wrapped her arms around him. “Well, good morning to you, too. I brought you coffee.”
	Katrina grabbed a steaming cardboard cup and knotted her free hand into Landon’s and pulled him back up the stairs. With him inside her room and the door locked, Katrina retrieved the maps along with William Cole and Richard Cole’s books before climbing the rope into the attic. 
	Landon just stood in awe as the last of Katrina disappeared through the rabbit hole. Shaking himself back to reality, he climbed up behind her. As he rose into the attic space, Katrina pulled him toward her and closed her lips on his, nearly forgetting to close their entry way back. “I have one odd request. While up here, you must be extra quiet and turn the sound to your phone off completely.” 
	Landon half expected to look up from his phone and see Katrina sprawled across the love seat waiting for him. Then he remembered this is reality and not dream land. She was already sitting on the couch with a book teetering on her lap and one sprawled out in front of her. “I want to share something with you.” 
	A yellowing and worn picture hung from Katrina’s outstretched hand. Landon took it and looked down as she began to narrate the history of the photo. “I believe the Cole family is extremely important to vampire hunting as I’ve already told you. This picture proves that I have some personal connection to that family.
	“Obviously, my last name is not Cole but I can’t help but shake the feeling that I am a descendent of the family in some way.” Katrina shoved the picture in Landon’s face. “Look at the name on the mailbox. I understand that we could have been just visiting this family, but that just doesn’t fit.”
	“What do you know of your family?”
	“Edmond has never really talked much about our family, so all I really know is that my family has basically died away. Now that you mention it, I did have to make a family tree in second grade. When I did that project, Edmond appeared with a large tapestry. I remember feeling so tiny when he opened it and tacked it up. It covered the whole wall and streamed down to the floor.” 
	Katrina let out a squeal and began talking entirely too fast to follow. “I wish I had thought of that. The tapestry was confusing because nobody had the same name as me. Edmond had said it was because we’d had to change our last name when we went into hiding. At the time, that made perfect sense. Especially if we are part of this Cole family. Edmond would have wanted to take that target off me.” Katrina sat in silence for a few minutes as she pondered the possibility.
	All at once and nearly shouting, Katrina said, “And he pointed to me on the tapestry! That is the missing piece!” 
	“Katrina, stop.”  Landon grabbed Katrina’s arm and pulled her back to the couch before she could fall through the trap door. “I can’t even begin to understand how you feel but we do need to tackle one project before we can dive into another.”
	Katrina could only nod in agreement.
	“As soon as we get back from the possible vampire nest, we will find the tapestry. Where is the map that led you to the Wolfsbane?” 
	 “This is the map that I found under Edmond’s chair in the living room. Just another reason to believe we are of Cole blood. I followed this thurisaz. This other rune, eihwaz, references positive influence so I decided-”
	“-to try to get yourself killed. I fully understand,” Landon interrupted.
	“Anyway, you know what I found. Is there anything else in that book of significance? I mean, does Richard Cole give any information that could help us find a vampire or at least not die in the process?”
	 “Cole believed that vampires generally hid below ground during the day. Not necessarily for the sun but because it was easier for them to prowl at night. He says that if you see a large entrance to what appears to be an underground cave, do not enter.” Landon paused to take the book off the trunk and stick it in the front pocket of his hoodie before standing. 
	“Oh, and don’t think I can’t see right through you. I know there is a family tree in the front of the book.” Landon pulled Katrina to her feet and took a single step to the hatch. 
	Whispering, Katrina said, “Landon, wait. I hear voices. It’s really faint and I can’t make out words but somewhere below us, I hear them.” 
	Fear paralyzed both teens as they stood planted in place. When the front door slammed, Landon nearly jumped out of his skin. 
	Katrina stepped around him and bent over to open the escape hatch but thought better of it. “Landon, I need to be sure you understand exactly what you’re getting into.” Speechless, Landon placed both hands on Katrina’s waist and pulled her within kissing reach. 
	Katrina pressed her body firmly against his and wove her fingers through his honey curls. The kiss had the intensity of a summer night’s lightning storm. Electricity traced very nerve in her body. 
	Reluctantly, Landon pulled away and kissed her on the tip of the nose. “We have to go.”
	“I know,” she said and dropped through the hole.
	Landon stepped down to the floor just as Katrina shut the closet door in his face. He swore he heard the sound of her locking him into the closet. Had it been Janie, he would have panicked. Instead, he quickly began closing up the ceiling hatch as quietly as possible. 
	Outside the door, Landon heard the voice of an unknown male which he could only label as Edmond. “Katrina, I’m sorry if you resent your childhood in any way. I have done everything I can to protect you from a world you know nothing of. In the process, you may have sacrificed, but you lived. Your birthday is next week and you will be old enough to do as you please.”
	Landon heard the sound of retreating footsteps and slowly pushed his way from the closet to find a very shocked Katrina standing in the center of her bedroom. “Kat, are you ok?”
	Katrina shook her head and turned to Landon. “He’s known all along. Why would he keep something this huge from me? It doesn’t make any sense.” 
	“I wish I could say I understand your frustration with being lied to but…” Landon caught himself and paused. “Actually, Kat I can fully sympathize. My mother has also spent my whole life telling me all the things that go bump in the night are just my imagination.”
	The couple sat at the edge of the bed and just stared into space, each considering all the lies they’d been told throughout their lives. Landon broke the silence first. “Ok. This is what we do. Nobody needs to know what we are up to. Instead of letting the deceit drag us down, let it fuel us. We have a garden to enter.”
	Katrina laid her head on Landon’s shoulder for a minute before pushing up from the bed and heading to the closet. “Oh, you closed it all up. Thank you.”
	Landon wrapped his arms around her. “Kat, I know we’ve only known each other for a few days but I feel more connected to you than any other living being.” With that he bent over and kissed her.
	Katrina pulled away and headed out the door. “Come on, Loverboy. We have vampires to hunt!” The sound of screaming caused Katrina to stop dead in her tracks. “What was that!?”
	Landon looked puzzled. “What is what? I don’t hear anything.” 
	Abruptly the sound stopped and Katrina stood shaking for a few seconds before regaining herself and heading to the front door. 

III
	Draco and Emily didn’t regain their composure quite so easily. “That was way too close for comfort. I think we should investigate.”
	“Your son is about to walk into a vampire nest and you are concerned with the screaming of some unknown human. I understand changing your feeding habits, but sacrificing your children for some unknown human? That’s ludicrous.” 
	Emily couldn’t form a logical response. “Emily. We are not superheroes. It is not our job to run off to save every hurting human.”
	“I get it, Draco. It’s going to take the kids about two hours to hike over the mountain to the house. I would like to sneak into Katrina’s attic and look through her research a little more while I know she’s out. Once they reach the county road, message me and I will run over.” 
	At first, Draco could only doubt whether her intentions were true but it was painfully obvious that Emily was trying as hard as possible to follow Francesca’s orders. “Ok. That sounds like a good plan.” Emily stood up on her tiptoes and kissed Draco on the cheek before jumping up the side of the house.
	Once inside, she swiped Katrina's laptop and jumped into the attic. Knowing Landon had taken the book she was so eager to see left her torn. She both counted the loss as well as the blessing that her son had been smart enough to carry with him such a great asset to a true vampire hunt.
	Sitting down on the couch, Emily propped the computer on the trunk and began digging. At first she felt as if she was treading water; finding information she already knew but then the breakthrough came. 
	Judging by the browser history, Katrina found a thirteen year old article of a house burning in Woodbury, Connecticut. Comparing the photo in the article to the one Katrina left on the trunk proved them to be the same house. According to the article, police quickly concluded that the house fire was the result of arson but were void of suspects. More importantly, the fire was not a typical douse with gasoline and set aflame arson; it was much more complex. Detectives found traces of sodium nitrate, charcoal, sulfur and magnesium. In sum, black powder. 
	Emily knew the purpose was to reverse the effects of sanctified grounds. It erases any measures put in place to keep a vampire from entering. 
	Looking down at her watch, she realized almost two hours had already passed. Landon and Katrina would be arriving at their destination in the forest very shortly. Quickly, she emailed herself a copy of the article and erased all traces of her entry into both the attic space and the computer. Locating the incompetent mind in the basement, Emily quietly fell from the attic into Katrina’s closet. 
	Mid-drop, a light purple flower caught her eye. Emily stood on the desk and peered behind a perfectly aligned row of books to find a mini bouquet of dried verbena tied together with twine. Instead of digging and pulling the flowers like a wild maniac, Emily calmly set the computer on the desk and opened the seventeenth century poem “Nymphidia” for Katrina to stumble upon later. She was a smart girl. She would get the hint.
	Edmond knew what Katrina was and what she could do. Otherwise, he would not have gone to such great lengths to block her mind. One prominent question remained. Who was Edmond and what did the fire have to do with Katrina? It was obvious he was not a full blood hunter since she could sit in Katrina’s room and listen to the faint buzz of his mind. It was like an old analog radio. The channel never came without fuzz but she could still gather a few faint thoughts as opposed to the blank slate of Katrina’s mind.
	If Katrina had any of these flowers hidden on her, the kids would be in even more danger. Even scarier, if Edmond was aware of the effects of verbena, he could have planted much worse on her. 
	Frightened for both children, she bound from the window and headed into the forest. 

***
	Even after ten years of near perfect self-control, human blood could be quite tempting, especially when already spilled from the warm circulatory system. Within the minute, she was standing in the center of what had been quite the forest party. Three kegs still stood in their tub of ice and the fire was just beginning to smolder. 
	To any innocent mortal, the scene would have appeared as the cast offs of an overnight party. To Emily’s keen senses, the scent of blood told another story. Nearly a dozen teenage boys had been tied to the trees out of sight and left for dead.
	It was the oldest trick in the book. Slice a major artery, drink from the fountain and allow the coyotes to cover the job.
	All Emily could feel at first was pity. Pity for the dead boys sacrificed. Pity for the boy who would have woken in a grave. Pity for the mothers with unanswered questions. 
	Then the epiphany hit. Only one boy had preternatural bites. He will wake up in the pitch black coffin scared and alone. It was precisely this move that caused such a fear of vampires throughout history. The way Emily saw it, she had two choices. Torch the whole scene and let law enforcement chalk it up as a stupid teen party gone awry or take the boy with the gurgling blood. 
	In order to take him, she would have to find him. That meant going down the line to find the boy with the speeding heart. It was excruciating at first to look into the dead eyes of each boy but it was worse when she singled out a muscular toe headed boy wearing a football jersey. Uninvited tears welled up in Emily’s eyes as she thought of the threats to her young boy. Landon’s short life flashed before his mother’s eyes from the first wail in delivery to the previous morning’s breakfast. While the visions would have normally caused the mother to fall to her knees sobbing, it only strengthened her maternal need to save a child in need.  
	Emily crossed the small space at a painstakingly mortal speed; the physical dread slowing each step more. Standing over him, it was all she could do to place her fingers under his chin and pull his face toward hers.
	Even through the layers of blood, the boy was obviously not Landon. But with the good comes the bad. “Oh my God. You’re alive?”
	Night fell over Emily and the young man she wanted so badly to help. She knew there was no saving his life, but she couldn’t shake the feeling that his existence would be useful. While she pondered the boy’s life, the scene took on a new meaning. Twelve boys were tied to the trees but not a single girl could be found. 
	If someone was out collecting teenage girls, both Hope and Katrina could be in danger. The only way to gain information would be to take both boys. 
	“I see you have come to a decision, Emily. It looks like you could use some help.”
	“Terrence?”

IV
	The climb up and over the mountain was much easier and quicker with Landon by her side. When she broke the tree line, the scene was just as it had been a few days earlier. The Victorian Mansion looked down on the young couple with a look of utter disappointment. Katrina couldn't shake the feeling that it was the house that had asked her to leave on Thursday evening.
	The ambience of the property was much different, almost inviting. 
	Testing her instincts, Katrina pointed to the tree and turned to her partner, "Landon, look at that tree."
	"I hate to poop on your party, Kat, but we need to find the garden, not trees." Katrina turned back to the tree to see the carving still glowing an ominous red. 
	"You're right. Let's do this." Katrina said leading Landon toward the fence line through the apple grove.
	“Could they have been more obvious, Katrina? The serpent of the night is still hiding behind his apple.” Landon said
	Katrina was caught off guard. “What are you talking about, Landon? Apples are symbol of life and rejuvenation.”
	“Would you like to explain that to Snow White? I’m pretty sure she was poisoned by an apple.”
	“I’m assuming you have never read any Norse Mythology? Otherwise you would know what keeps the gods of Asgard young and strong.” Katrina took the blank look on Landon’s face to mean he’d never heard of Iduna. 
	“Basically, in the Stealing of Iduna, the mischievous god Loki kidnaps Iduna and her basket of apples to get himself out of trouble. After Loki turns Iduna over to the evil god Thiassi, the high gods of Asgard become weak and tired without Iduna’s apples to rejuvenate them.”
	“So, you believe that the vampires are playing on the irony of this story in hiding their nest?” Landon asked.
	“I think that whoever created this must have quite the sense of humor. Why else would a group of immortal beings go to such lengths to plant so many apple trees around a center of unending life?”
	“Maybe the apples really do keep them young and strong.” Landon barely saw Katrina’s little fist before it slammed into his arm. “Ow, Kat. It was a joke. Why are you so strong?”
	Katrina didn’t answer. While the two had been discussing the irony of the apple orchard, they had come to a large wrought iron fence surrounded by yellow flowers. The garden beyond the fence was so beautiful. Even in mid-October, the roses were still in full bloom. Katrina had to hold herself from sprinting and through the archway. “Landon, I have a large container in my backpack. Would you mind pulling out one of the plants, roots and all, and sealing it in the container?”
	“Of course, Kat. Turn around.” While Landon did as he was asked, Katrina climbed into an apple tree and looked over and across the garden.  
	“What do you see?” Landon asked.
	“When I was here the other day, I could have sworn the apple trees continued through the whole garden but from up here I can see I was wrong. There are two more rows all along the fence but then they stop.” Katrina looked around silently for a minute before continuing. “It’s weird, Landon. It’s just a garden. Well, it does look like something pulled from the history books, but it’s still just a large rose garden with winding paths.” 
	“Let’s hope that’s all it is. Here let me help you down.” Landon was very much relieved that Katrina was willing to accept his assistance. That was until she fell on top of him. They couldn’t help but giggle as she sprawled across him. 
	Taking advantage of the moment, Landon ran his hands up the back of Katrina’s sweater rubbing his hands across her smooth bare skin. Acting her age for once, Katrina bent her face down and kissed Landon. Not just a peck on the cheek but her very first lustful kiss. 
	Landon pulled his hands from Katrina’s back and cradled her face in his palms. He couldn’t believe how small she looked cupped in his palms. 
	All at once, Katrina rolled off Landon and crawled behind the closest tree to vomit. “Katrina, are you ok.” 
	“I will be fine once you stop laughing at me.”
	“I’m not laughing at you. I would never…” Landon just stood in silence wishing he could help but not knowing how. That was when he heard the laughter.
	Draco couldn’t help himself. In an effort to relieve the fighting, Draco focused his attention on Landon’s mind and sent him his thoughts. “Your hands have Wolfsbane on them, jackass.”
	“Oh, Kat. I’m so sorry. The Wolfsbane.”
	Kat pulled herself into the sitting position and leaned her back against the tree. “I didn’t go anywhere near that horrible plant, Landon. It’s not like it grows in trees.”
	“No, but it’s on my hands.” Katrina raised her head to look at Landon, who gasped at the sight of her splotchy face. “Now what?”
	“The side effects of Wolfsbane are nausea, vomiting, fatigue and redness of contact areas.” Landon almost reached his hand to touch Katrina’s shoulders but shoved them in his pockets instead. “It’s not that bad. And you are still conscious so it must not have been too bad, right?”
	“That’s easy for you to say. You’re not the one who looks like jolly Mrs. Clause. Good going, Landon.” Katrina climbed to her feet and walked away.
	“Katrina, shouldn’t you wait a minute. You know be sure you’re ok?” 
	“I’m fine Landon. Let’s go.” 
	Before Landon could reach her side, Katrina fell to her knees screaming. All at once, her whole body went limp and she fell to the ground. 
V
	“Emily, you must go. I believe your charges have endangered themselves yet again. I will deal with this. Both boys will be transformed in the Scranton House.” Terrence said. “Oh, but Emily. You must not share this information with anyone.”
	“Yes, Terrence. I understand.” Emily knew no one would believe her anyway considering Terrence’s existence ranked right up there with the Easter Bunny. In ten years, she’d only seen the man once; the most terrifying night of her existence.
	Emily’s sense of failure was magnified when she arrived on scene with Draco. Katrina lay limp and lifeless outside the gate to the garden and to make matters worse, Landon sat at her side with tears streaming down his face. 
	Draco, seeing Emily coming, fought the urge to turn and walk away. It would have been so easy for him. Francesca would take him in, wipe out all four and he could return to his emotionless immortal life. What were they anyway but a menial preoccupation in the scheme of eternity anyway?
	As she moved closer, Draco could see the pain in her face. When he met her, she just collapsed into his arms. “Emily, my dear, I don’t know what happened today but we have to care for Katrina and Landon before you crumble.”  
	“What happened?”
	“To begin with, your clod of a son absentmindedly rubbed Wolfsbane all over Katrina’s body making her weaker to the phantasms within the garden. Then, I can only assume they entered her mind because she fell down screaming.” 
	“Oh, Draco, what should we do? If they see us, we will have so much to explain.” 
	“Emily, I think we should just wait and watch. We must let them work it out.” 
	“Really, we want them to bind together? How is this good for either of them?” Emily began to pace as she thought of Landon, son of the vampires, and Katrina, hunter of vampires, bound together. “That is so much for them to face. Not to mention-”
	“Don’t even say it, Emily. Your son will never turn on you. As far as Katrina, she has never had a real family.” Emily’s face twisted in pain with the word family. “What is it, dear? What have you found?”
	“I don’t believe Edmond is Katrina’s brother. We may be the closest thing that child has to anyone who would care for her.” If it were any other mother in the world, Draco would immediately assume she was being dramatic, but through everything, Emily remained stable and sound for her children’s sake. 
	“We will discuss this later.  We must focus on the children.”  
	When Draco turned back to the kids, Katrina was sitting upright with Landon sitting at her feet, his arms wrapped safely around her jean covered legs. "I am so sorry, Kat. I know how important it is to you to get inside the fence but I think we need to head back to your house and read a bit more of that book. It seems vampires have more protection than wolfsbane moats."
	"You're right, Landon. I didn't read anything past the wolfsbane. We were so focused on those damn plants." Katrina answered. 
	"Can you walk?" Landon asked. 
	"I'm not sure? The bigger question is how can you help?"
	Landon stared at her for a minute before the answer came to him. "The oils are on my hands and may be on my shirt." Before looking to Katrina for a response, Landon dropped to his knees and dug a sweatshirt and gloves from his backpack. "How about this? When we get far enough from the house, we can call for a ride."

VI
	 On his last evening of his existence, Jean Claude decided his best bet was to settle into a little hole in the wall bar. The locals dubbed it Coal Miners and Jean Claude itched to share the rich history behind the bar. He couldn’t shake the incredibly irony that he’d be sitting here on his last day on earth. 
	Coal Mining was a hard job in its day. Entire days spent deep in the ground pounding coal deserved a few beers in the evening. The job was dangerous as well; so many lives were lost in the depth of the mines, or so the families were led to believe. 
	And all those poor widows. Many of them died of a broken heart. They just couldn’t live without their lost husbands, so they slit their wrist nearly every time. Police could never understand where all the blood had gone. It was the damndest thing.
	Only one living creature knew the whole story and here he was hoping to relive his happiest moments in his last days. He would just have to make do with the members of Forest City’s newest energy industry. He couldn’t help but wonder how a few technicians would look dangling from the top of a wind turbine.
	It really was a great plan, had it not been Sunday. Well, he could always resort to lustful impulse number two. He was in a bar full of women wishing away Monday morning. If they only knew what their short skirts were doing for their preternatural company, they would stop bending over the bar exposing their nether regions.
	Jean Claude sat in his dark corner absorbing all the ravishing sights. An evening spent in such company was good for speeding a vampire’s heartbeat and pulling on his lust, but it was the verecund woman that always fell prey to the peak of the lust. She always put up a better fight. 
	After a few hours of people watching, Jean Claude made his way to the barstool closest to the back door. With a fresh drink plopped in front of him and girls hanging onto his every word, Jean Claude began to build his sexual frustration to its peak. The male voice behind him was the bar’s saving grace, “Jean Claude, to what do we owe such a pleasure?”
	Jean Claude knew that voice anywhere. Without even turning around he answered, “Didn’t I warn you of what would happen if I ever saw you again?”
	“Oh, Jean Claude. Don’t be silly. You and I both know what will happen if you kill me. What leverage will you have for Francesca? It would be tragic for us both to die, now wouldn’t it?”

October 12

I
	Francesca looked as if she were awaiting a late night rendezvous instead of an early morning death sentence. She was the queen of her lair, sprawled across a chaise lounge basking in the late morning sun. “Ahh, Jean Claude. I am getting a little too used to seeing your pretty face first thing in the morning. It’s just too bad you won’t be around tomorrow morning.”
	“How much I adore those low cut dresses you wear. The very sight of you still excites me. It’s just too bad that bridge fell decades ago.” Jean Claude, the cocky bastard he was, turned his back on the single person quickest to put a knife in it. “That is unless you would like a trip to the past before I give you a reason to spare my life.”
	“Is that what helps you sleep at night? Thinking you had any say in our demise would just be delusional.” Francesca stood from her chair to reveal just how short a skirt had to be to cause a jump in heart rate. “Oh, that’s right. You don’t sleep anyway. Another grand present from me.”
	“Let’s cut to the chase, Francesca. I have better things to do than stand here and be seduced… or not.” 
	Francesca quickly heightened the tension with a slap across the face, followed by the lightning speed removal of Jean Claude’s shirt. “Why not enjoy your last moments with the love of your life.”
	Jean Claude smashed Francesca between himself and the bullet proof floor to ceiling windows. “You and I both know I will live and you were never the love of my life.”
	“And you were just a means to an end.” Francesca picked Jean Claude up as if he were a rag doll and threw him on the bed across the room. 
	Stuck between Francesca’s straddled legs and the bed, Jean Claude wrapped a large hand around the back of her neck and pulled her to his chest. “Well, well, well. It looks like it is death you seek this morning.”
	“I have always been a softy for the lost cause.” The small bedroom apartment was in shambles before the two were finished. 
	Naked and trapped in a web of sheets, Francesca turned toward Jean Claude, “I would have thought your efforts of self-preservation would have kept you from wandering from the task at hand, Jean Claude.”
	“It wasn’t my self-preservation that kept me from massacring an entire town in New Jersey. It was, however, my common sense that pushed me to follow the lone vampire leaving Katrina’s house.” While Francesca processed the facts, Jean Claude took the time to step into the closet for a change of clothes.
	From the closet, Jean Claude said, “If you loathe me so, why is it that my clothes still hang here? Had I known you weren’t going to burn them, I wouldn’t have bought a whole new wardrobe.” 
	“I am still just a woman underneath it all. And I have had enough space. Please move home.”
	“Not the time, Francesca. We have a bit of a problem.” Jean Claude threw a pink silk robe to his still nude counterpart before righting a chair to sit in. Once Francesca was seated across from him, he continued. 
	“I spent the entire day tracking a vampire that walked out Katrina’s front door. You must trust me; the girl is of no threat. While she and her new boyfriend have discovered more than necessary about our world, they appear to know nothing of the Confederation and its purpose.”
	“How could Emily allow so much to be uncovered after ten years of protecting him?”
	“I believe it is her way of protecting her own interests. Also, the two have discovered a vampire nest hidden in the forest. From what I have seen, both Draco and Emily are allowing the children to uncover things we know nothing of.”
	“Are you seriously going to sit before me and cover for your little bitch? Especially after we just-”
	Jean Claude reached across to take her hands in his own. “No, Francesca. Hear me out.  Later in the evening, I did discover a rather compelling vagrant. He appears to be working alongside a lone vamp and Katrina’s brother. It is my opinion that you allow us to uncover what the lot is up to.”
	“I am trusting you Jean Claude. You have never given me reason to believe otherwise. Even in fits of rage that destroy dozens.  By all means, keep the Anderson’s safe, but you better be right about the little hunter girl.” Francesca stood and headed for the bathroom. Stopping in the doorway, she pulled the string on her robe exposing her unaged body, “Coming? I need someone to scrub my back.”

II
	Katrina woke to the glorious Monday morning sun. Never in her wildest dreams would she expect to be happy to spend eight hours bricked into teenage hell.
	But Landon would be there. Just thinking his name brought Landon's beautiful face into Katrina's mind's eye. Within seconds she was grinning ear to ear. The grin actually grew when Landon pulled into the driveway and honked his horn. 
	Shedding her ratty Goodwill overalls made Katrina feel like a new butterfly climbing from the cocoon. "Wow! I will have to thank my sister later." Landon leaned across the truck for a kiss.
	"Now I'm just a pretty girl on your arm?" Katrina teased. 
	Landon grabbed the back of Katrina's neck to hold her face still while he planted one on her. "No, not just a pretty girl, but yes I do enjoy showing all the losers in school what they missed."
	"Alright, Loverboy. Move along."
	"Why so eager to get there? We could always ditch and do some research instead. There are a few movie theaters in the area we should investigate." 
	As tempted as Katrina was to ditch the grueling school atmosphere, reluctantly she answered, "I really need the mundane of school right now."
	The truck pulled out of the driveway carrying teenage lovebirds with matching grins. By the time the truck pulled into the school parking lot, Katrina’s bubbling excitement turned to painful apprehension. Landon felt the physical change. Putting the truck into park, he turned in his seat to face her. “Katrina, we have been through more in the last week than I have ever experienced with another human being. I’m not quite sure what kind of life you had before I arrived in this wonderful shithole, but now that I am here, things will change for you, I promise.”
	Katrina couldn’t help but to laugh at Landon’s deep sincerity. “I’m sorry, Landon. I know you mean the best, but how do you figure your arrival into my shithole is going to suddenly change things?”
	Hurt was written all over Landon’s face. “Because we are in this together. Plus, look at you. Hope has managed to tuck away the image of a self-conscious nerd and replace it with a gorgeous outspoken beauty. All you have to do is live up to that image and show all the idiots inside that building the Katrina I know.”
	“Thank you, Landon.” Katrina figured she should embrace her new confident self. She reached across the truck grabbed him by the collar of his shirt and let him have it.
	“I spent the night reading Reaching Vampires and not one time do they mention mind crippling pain as a means of protecting the nest,” Katrina whispered as they walked to the school.
	Landon slid his fingers between hers and pulled her to a stop. “Katrina, I know how important this whole new life is to you, but I think you should just revel in being you today.” 
	With one hand tangled in hers, Landon twisted his other through Katrina’s hair. “You’re doing that thing you do again.”
	“What thing?”
	“That thing where you make me feel like the only person in the world.”
	“And what’s wrong with that?”
	“It makes me too vulnerable,” Katrina pleaded. “I know you just want me to walk down the hallway with you, but I have to get into that garden. If vampires do live there, so many people are in danger.”
	Landon leaned forward and kissed Katrina. When he pulled away he said, “One day, Kat. Just be a teenage girl for one school day. After we finish making everyone jealous, we will spend the afternoon looking for an answer.”

III
	“Vampires are not allowed here.” Draco felt electric currents running through his body. For the first time in his nearly two hundred year life, he was convinced he was going to die. Considering the fact that he was dead and buried, that was quite an accomplishment for the woman sending the pulses.
	“I am here for Landon and Katrina,” he cried between pulses. The pain was like nothing he’d ever experienced forcing him to his knees. It started as a thousand pinpricks on the surface of his skin and traveled inward coming together at the heart. 
	“I am not a donation service and you will not corrupt me.” The anger in Lady Eleanor’s voice magnified a thousand times in the pulses she sent. 
	Draco cried out, “I do not drink blood from the human.” 
	The electricity cut off just as if someone had thrown the switch. 
	“I suggest you stay on your knees. I sense that it is not truly your choice to ward off humans.”
	“You are right, Lady Eleanor. It was not my choice but love makes us do crazy things.”
	“What is it that you want from me?”
	“Knowledge. I want to know who you are and why you have meddled in the children’s minds.”
	“I can see you are here on good intentions. You do know where that will lead you?”
	“I will risk the brimstone of Hell if it means saving any of the Anderson children from this eternal existence with which I have been cursed.”
	“And Katrina? You know she will quickly loathe you once the truth unfolds.”
	“Back to my original question. Who are you?”
	“Oh, young man. I am quickly nearing the end of my life. It has been a very long two thousand years and I am ready to hand the torch to my successor. Do you not wonder of Katrina’s ancestry?”
	“Each and every day. But, I fear she may never truly come to terms with her existence.”
	“Please rise and follow me.” In her typical manner, Lady Eleanor disappeared through a hidden back door. 
	Draco expected to be lured to his death in the back alley. Instead, he climbed a small stairwell behind Lady Eleanor’s footsteps passing two brightly painted doors as he ascended.
	The door at the top of the stairs stood open to reveal the most stunning garden Draco had ever laid eyes on. It was as if he’d stepped into a living rainbow. “Lady Eleanor, how is this possible in such weather?”
	“My plants do not suffer from cold as do typical plants. Their magical properties keep them warm.” Lady Eleanor disappeared around a bend in the pathway of her rooftop gardens to return with a large yellow plant. “Draco, do you recognize this flower?”
	“That would be Wolfsbane, the precise plant that continues to give Katrina bouts of nausea and vomiting.” 
	“You are very right. The legend behind such a plant is that it protects the home from werewolves.  Of course, that is an old wife’s tale spread from Germany. The truth is vampires of malevolent purposes use this to protect their nefarious grounds from naïve hunters such as Katrina.” 
	Eleanor disappeared yet again returning with a similar plant. “And this purple plant?”
	“That looks identical to the Wolfsbane, aside from the color.” Draco made no effort to hide his confusion.
	“Very good for you to notice. Both plants are from a larger family commonly known as The Queen’s Poisons. Vampire Hunters are extremely sensitive to these plants. If Katrina is not taught the dangers of the hunt, her life will end before it begins.
	“Also, knowledge of this plant does not exist throughout the realm of the unknown; whoever has created their home within the apple orchard is aware of many dangers to Katrina.” Draco fell to the stone bench nearby. Lady Eleanor took a seat beside him. “Young man, you must listen and understand. If Katrina and Landon enter that garden, they will not escape.”
	Draco was dumbstruck. “How do you expect me to keep two driven teens from fulfilling their greatest efforts without revealing myself?”
	“That is a conversation for you and Emily to have. It is important for Katrina to have an influence free environment.” Eleanor pulled a small wooden box from below the bench. “In order to create such, Emily must remove the verbena from Katrina’s quarters and leave this box near her bed.”
	“Thank you. I don’t believe you are aware of how many lives are at stake.”
	“I am aware of things you never knew, dear boy.” 

IV
	While Draco was speaking with Lady Eleanor, Emily snuck back into Katrina’s bedroom to remove the verbena. Given the events of the night before, Emily assumed Katrina hadn’t seen the warning left for her on the computer. 
	The amount hidden throughout the room was unbelievable. She found it hidden inside every book, behind every picture frame and even between the mattress and box spring. It was amazing the girl could function at all. Just as she pulled the last sprig from the backside of the headboard, Emily heard the whisperings of Edmond’s mind far below. He appeared to be having a heated discussion with an unfamiliar face.
	“I have looked everywhere. What further can I do?”
	“I believe I told you what would happen when you were no longer of use to me.”
	“Sure, kill me. That sounds like a great plan. Seeing as I am the one human being capable of finding what you seek, I would reconsider.”
	“You don’t think I can replace you?”
	“The bigger question should be, what are you going to do in a week when Katrina reaches her full potential? If I die who will keep her hunter instincts at bay?”
	“Silly little man. I don’t plan for her to live that long.”  
	The shock of Katrina’s caregiver working so diligently to harm her caused bile to rise in Emily’s throat. Leaning against the bedroom wall for support left Emily looking like a nervous bride on her wedding day holding a bouquet of mind numbing purple flowers. The acidic burn in her throat forced Emily out the window and to the tree line where she dropped the verbena into a heap and proceeded to vomit in it. She knew the poison laced vomit would sufficiently demolish the flowers’ magic.
	Leaving the bouquet sizzling in the trees, Emily sped home to find Draco. Together, they would decide what to do. What she found instead was Jean Claude sitting on her front porch. “I’m pretty sure I told you to get lost.” 
	“And I did. In fact, Francesca almost killed me over it. You know you are not on her list of favorite people.” Jean Claude stood to follow Emily into the house. 
	“I suppose you want my gratitude?" Emily said as she crossed the threshold. 
	Ignoring her anger, Jean Claude trailed inside. “I just have one question. Why are you protecting this girl? You know what she will be capable of in a short time.” 
	Emily took the time to brew a fresh pot of coffee while she digested the question. “Honestly, I don’t know Jean Claude. In the beginning, it was pity. The more I learned about her, the worse I felt. All I could imagine was someone trailing any of my kids with the same intentions. Then she started to discover things no one knows about. Maybe she could be an asset to the Confederation as opposed to the death of it.”
	Jean Claude decided it was time to get to the point. “Her further existence has nothing to do with the fact that your children, one of whom is quickly falling for Katrina, have no idea you are a vampire?” 
	Emily turned from the coffee pot to face Jean Claude, “You have every right to look at it from that point of view after everything I have put you through, but this situation is totally different. Landon and Hope both seem to gravitate to Katrina. Even Asher loves her. It has been wonderful to see my children attach themselves to another human being. I know the time will come for me to spill all, I was just hoping it wouldn’t happen until Asher was old enough to truly understand.”
	Letting out a sigh, Jean Claude replied, “You may want to consider telling your children yourself. Not only because they will accept it much easier coming directly from you but because there is much more at work here than a teenage girl with a death wish.”
	Emily set a cup of black coffee in front of Jean Claude and took the chair across from him. “Are you just reverting back to the worrisome protector we know you hate to be, or is this a true warning?”
	“I’m not ready to spill too much information, but I will tell you there are lurkers in the area that may put your entire family at risk.” Jean Claude lifted the hot coffee to his lips, briefly reveling in the warmth of it spreading through his cold body. He lifted his eyes above his steaming cup to meet Emily’s.
	“Don’t look at me like that. It didn’t happen then and it sure the hell isn’t happening now. Just tell me I can trust you to protect my family from this mysterious danger you won’t tell me about.”
	Before Jean Claude could confirm Emily’s request, the front door opened and Draco’s voice boomed through the living room, “Honey, I’m home!”
	Jean Claude stood from the table nodded to Emily and sped out of sight. Draco was flabbergasted. “What the hell, Emily. Mid-morning coffee with the world’s biggest psychopath. That sounds great for the kids.” 
	“He just came to warn me. Francesca is breathing down his neck about the whole Katrina debacle but that’s not our biggest concern at the moment, Draco. I heard Edmond talking to some unknown vampire this morning. Whoever he was plans to kill Katrina before her birthday.”
	“I want to say that is the answer to all our prayers, but it will just kill Landon to lose her,” Draco muttered.
	Anger welled up inside Emily bringing a sweaty sheen to her whole body. It was all she could do to keep from crossing to him and laying him flat on his back. “Killing an innocent child is never the answer, Draco.”
	“I just meant, if Katrina were gone then-“
	“We would have failed. I understand how hard this transition has been for your but we are now in it for Katrina as well as Landon, Hope and Asher.”
	“I’m sorry, Emily. I’m just worried about how this situation will affect our own innocent children.”
	“As long as we can keep a close eye on things as they unravel, everyone should be fine,” Emily said.
	“I will trust your judgment, my dear. What’s your plan?”
	“We need to put more protection on her and since we can’t request support, we need to feed up.” Emily was almost ashamed to say it out loud but she knew it was the only way to increase their powers in order to keep everyone safe. “We need to hunt…humans.” 
	“I knew this day would come.” Draco took a deep breath before continuing. “While I am so happy to share this transition with you despite the bad timing, I know how difficult it will be for you. That is why I have been making a plan. I have been in contact with a funeral home in the city. We can build up a healthy blood supply without hurting innocent people.”
	Emily was dumbstruck. “You are kidding, right?” Draco’s silence was all the answer she needed. “You don’t think I could find acceptable prey on my own.”
	“Would you prefer the alternative? You have always hated the hunt. You said it would nullify everything you did for your children if you killed innocent people.” 
	 “Killing innocent people would be horrible. I don’t plan to hunt innocent people.”
	“Emily, you are missing the biggest issue. It takes time and willpower to learn to hunt discretely. We don’t have the time for me to teach you right now.” 
	“You are unbelievable, Draco. After a decade of hunting full grown predators, I think humans should be easy. Now if you don’t mind, I am going to swing through the state park on my way to the high school. I suggest you do the same before following Hope for the afternoon. I’m not sure what we are up against but I don’t plan to let any of my children come to harm because of it.”

V
	The state park was packed with people trying to get the most of the fall foliage. It was a happy surprise to find endless opportunities in terms of lunch, however, Draco was right. Emily had no idea how to pluck a single sheep from the herd. 
	She was nothing if not determined. Conveniently, a paved sidewalk followed the shore of the lake, so feigning a speed walking house wife, she set out on her trek. 
	From her end of the lake, Emily could see the faint outline of a busy fishing pier and a large pavilion. As she walked toward the pier, she scoured both the playground and the pool for her acceptable prey. Why didn’t I go down the hill. It would have been much easier, she thought, briefly remembering her previous hunt. She considered turning back but something int eh air ahead kept her focus on the pavilion. Just as she considered giving up, screaming pierced her mind. It seemed to be coming from a line of port-a-potties and judging from the crowd, she was the only one who could hear it. Coming closer revealed a string of unrepeatable curses in a deep male voice. 
	Bitch, just take it! Don’t be such a cock tease.
	The plastic lock of the door snapped under Emily’s fingers. The girl pinned against the urinal couldn’t have been older than fourteen yet the man forcing himself into her was more than old enough to be her father. 
	Emily didn’t waste any time. With one hand wrapped tightly around his throat cutting off all airflow, Emily pulled his wrist to her mouth and sunk her teeth into the soft skin. She couldn’t help but to chuckle as he slipped from her hands and landed in a heap on the floor. 
	The warmth of the rapist charged blood flooded Emily’s body pushing the adrenaline off course and jumpstarting her preternatural abilities. The strength grew from her stomach and spread outward to every muscle in her body. Her heart began pumping faster to spread the blood and her lungs pulled more oxygen giving a bit more life to what remained of the old blood. 
	The faint voices of passersby reminded Emily that while she may be in the intimate space of a port-a-potty, the thin walls were not sufficient in keeping the sounds of the battle confined. Sensing an audible scream building inside the girl, Emily clamped her hand over the girl’s mouth and pulled the door closed behind her. “I know you’re scared, but I won’t hurt you. Do you have a parent you can call to come get you?”
	The girl’s eyes flicked to the comatose body on the floor. “It’s ok, honey. I am going to take this bad man away from you for good but you must promise that you won’t ever speak a word of my being here.”
	Emily could hear the girl’s response inside her head and knew she wouldn’t be able to bear hearing the words. Without any hesitation, Emily threw the man across her shoulders and bound into the tree line to drain every last drop. This father would never again hurt his child.
	When she emerged from the trees closer to town, she couldn’t help but to be a bit proud of herself. Not only did she play the superhero to a victimized teen, she also got her fill of human blood. The world was a more vibrant and vivacious place. The changing trees were brighter, the birds chirped happier and the wind smelled sweeter. 
	But then there was the sexual urge. She knew she would have to figure out how to deal with the heightened erotic nature of human blood at some point, but why give into them now? 
	Common sense told her she didn’t have time to head home. Pushing the naked image of Draco to the far recesses of her mind, she decided her best choice was to head into Scranton before checking in on Landon. After ten years of resisting sexual impulses, what was one more day, right?
	Sadly, Emily underestimated the effect human blood has on the physical make up of a vampire. She had mastered pushing the mental need for sex into submission but with experiencing the animal need only once before, she had no comprehension of the drastic difference.
	By the time Emily reached the downtown district, her body truly ached for attention. She knew her face was a dead giveaway of her situation and if she stepped one foot into the Scranton House every vampire, male or female would be on her in a second. 
	She was on the verge of sneaking into a dark alley for some self-satisfaction when Jean Claude came around the corner and spotted her. "Why Emily, you look like you would hump a dead homeless man. Did you forget a vampire that drinks human blood is hornier than a seventeen year old boy?" 
	"No, I just figured I could control it. I was very wrong." Emily surprised even herself when she led Jean Claude around the corner and into a public restroom. "Here's the deal. I don't have time to deal with this the way I should. You are going to get it done so I can move along with my day."
	Jean Claude had his pants down and was at it before Emily had time to blink. 
	Two minutes later, she was relieved and functional. "What just happened doesn't leave this bathroom. Do you understand me?"
	Jean Claude could only grin and nod. 
	"Now, I need to be on my way." 
	Emily was feeling overly confident when she stepped in the front door of the Scranton House. "I'm looking for Terrence. I was told I could find him here." Without looking up from her book, the receptionist pointed one long perfectly manicured finger down the hallway. 
	On first listen, the silence in the building was eerie. Not so much as the hum of a refrigerator could be heard anywhere in the building. After a few minutes however, Emily felt that she’d entered vampire heaven. For the first time in years, she could hear herself think. 
	Numerous closed doors lined the hallway, each holding a metallic nameplate of the office within.  One door stood open allowing fluorescent light to illuminate the sterile hallway.
	Emily soon found herself staring at the nameplate Terrence: Rogue Recovery. “Emily, to what do I owe this pleasure?”
	“Hello, Terrence. I just came to see that the boys were taken and cared for.”
	“Ah, always the mother, aren’t we.” Terrence replied. “Come. See for yourself.”
	Terrence stood from behind the desk. He wasn’t quite as tall as Emily remembered. His face was a different story. She’d spent many years with just that image burnt into her mind. Standing in front of him was like a hole in the dike of her emotions. She couldn’t decide if she wanted to cry or cower. “Emily, you are no longer a mere mortal threat. Your fear is unnecessary.”
	“I’m sorry, Terrence. A decade of terror is a difficult feeling to break.” 
	Terrence nodded before he swung a stark white bookshelf on its hinges revealing a hidden stairwell. Reluctantly, Emily stepped past Terrence and began to descend the stone stairs into the earth below. 
	With each passing step, the air became colder and carried a stronger scent of mold mingled with stale blood. Quite the contrast from the bleach and copper scents of the rooms above. Every few feet, a torch broke through the gossamer web covering the walls to light the downward path. The stairwell stopped abruptly at one end of a large dungeon. 
	Emily stopped dead at the base of the stairs. Despite her efforts to remain emotionally disconnected from the boys in the chambers, she couldn’t ignore the confused and scared thoughts buried deep within their comatose bodies. An unwelcome ball of sadness lodged itself in her throat while freshly formed tears tickled her nose. Blinking away the tears, she turned her attention to the dungeon ahead of her. 
	An iron cage dangled over an equally oversized marble basin. From where Emily stood, she could see a residual blanket of blood covering the basin. Terrence followed Emily’s gaze to the center of the room. “Does the first blood basin bother you?” he asked. 
	“Doesn’t it bother you to force people into that dangling contraption and bleed them to death?
	“No but hear me out. If this chamber is used for first blood purposes, it is to finish the transformation of the wrongly taken.” Speaking over Emily’s protests, Terrence continued. “Secondly, the only people forced into the cage are murderers and rapists abducted from local penitentiaries. Even so, the death is quick and painless” 
	Emily could only imagine the blood curdling screams trapped in the chamber at each full moon. Bogged down with such an image, she made her way to a much shinier cage bolted to the rock wall. Upon closer investigation, it appeared to be a silver cage lined with black canvas. Emily reached out her left hand to test her theory, drawing a quick slap on the wrist from Terrence before she could scorch her own skin. “What could this possibly be used for?”
	“How else am I to detain rogues such as your little friend Ratel?”
	“Ratel?”
	“I’m sure he will reveal himself in time. That is if I don’t capture him first.”
	Emily spun the rings on her left hand unable to hide her confusion. As she pondered all the vampires she knew, her eyes fell on a row of anterooms carved into the opposite wall. Two of the smaller chambers were separated from the larger area with a curtain of interloped metal rings. “Is that silver? What would possess you to place innocent fledglings behind a silver chainmail curtain?”
	“Though I have no obligation to explain myself to you, I adore your inquisitive nature. First off, the chain mail protects the boys from any immortal as they cannot pull back the curtain without protective gloves. Secondly, the transformation is unpredictable. I have no way of knowing how they will rise therefore the silver protects them from their caregivers and each other.”
	“I understand. It isn’t my place to question your methods. I don’t agree with them, but I accept them. Just assure me you will care for them when they rise.” 
	“I would not have agreed to take them had I not planned to care for them.”
	“Thank you, Terrence. I must be on my way.” 
	“Emily?”
	 “Yes?”
	“You have many questions boiling over. While I can’t answer them for you, I would like to remind you as I know you have reminded your children over the years. The more intricate web of lies you weave, the better chance you have of strangling yourself.”
	Emily nodded and turned to climb the stairs, faintly aware of Terrence’s shuffle behind her and the boys’ silent cries behind their protective mail. 

VI
	“Landon, I have to find Hope. I can’t wait to tell her how great today went. Do you know I had three boys ask me out? I have never had a boy even look at me. Well, not before you.”
	“Hope has a meeting.” Landon wrapped his arms around Katrina’s waist and kissed her with all his might. “How about you come home with me and forget about the other boys.”
	“You aren’t jealous are you? That wouldn’t be why you want to ditch football practice and hide me, is it?”
	“Why should I be jealous? I am the only guy for you. And no, I am skipping practice because I want to get you naked. Oh, I mean talk. Yeah, that’s right, talk.”
	“You and I both know you won’t be getting me naked anytime soon.”
	“Aha. You said soon. That means I will get you naked someday.”
	“Funny. Now in all honestly, why are you trying to skip practice?”
	“I would really like to spend time with you. Is that so hard to believe?”
	“No.” Katrina was defeated.
	“Ok, so your choices are as follows. We can go make out in my room until someone notices we’re missing. We can go sit with an oversize cup of coffee in front of us and discuss how to break into a vampire garden. Or, and may I say my favorite, we can go see a movie.”
	“We should go to your house, because I really just want to change my clothes but don’t want to deal with Ed, and we can talk about the book.” 
	“Well, let’s go before you change your mind.” In one quick movement, Landon swept Katrina off the ground and threw her over his shoulder. She squealed the whole way to the truck but both were giggling when he set her on the hood and kissed her again.
	Katrina pushed Landon away and slipped off the hood. “Let’s move along, Loverboy.”  
	In the truck headed home, Landon decided it was safe to breach the forbidden topic. “So, you said this morning that there was no mention of mind crippling pain in Reaching.” 
	“Is my one day of teen normalcy over already?” Katrina teased. 
	“We could always go to the movies and make out instead.” Landon returned.
	Katrina took a moment but ultimately decided that talking about the problem at hand was more important. “Not a word. I was thinking about it in class and I vaguely remember someone talking to me through the pain. It may have been the same female that warned me the other night. Thursday it warned me to leave. Last night, the voice was angry. She said something about how I needed to listen to the warnings around me and back off.”
	“Maybe you should take that hint,” Landon muttered.
	“You’re joking, right. I can’t just walk away from this. I thought you understood why it was so important to me.”
	Landon stopped the truck and turned in his seat to face Katrina. “I do understand why this is important but I don’t believe it is worth risking your life for.” 
	“Risking what life. Before you, I had nothing and when you realize I’m not worth your time, I will go right back to what I was.”
	“We aren’t going to talk like that,” Landon said before leaning across the center console to take Katrina in his arms. 
	As badly as she wanted to push him away, Katrina melted into him. “I need to know, Landon. Something tells me the key to my existence lies in that garden.”
	Landon pulled back to take Katrina’s face in his hands. “Like I said, we are in this together.”
	“Ok.” Feeling Katrina’s body loosen in his arms was all the confirmation Landon needed to believe Katrina’s uncertainty had passed. Righting himself, he drove the last few miles home.
	Draco pulled into the driveway right behind Landon’s ridiculous yellow monster. “Why hello, Katrina. I wasn’t expecting you today.”
	“Hi, Draco. It was a last minute decision. I hope you don’t mind.”
	“Of course not. Make yourself at home.” Draco winked at Landon as he made his way past them into the house. 
	Anticipating the same horrid reception as her last visit caused Katrina to become overly nervous as she made her way into the house. When she stepped through the front door, she quickly realized how unrealistic her expectations had been. She could sense that Emily and Draco were locked in a heated debate somewhere upstairs and Asher wasn’t home yet.
	Landon took Katrina by the hand and led her to Hope’s bedroom and closed the door behind them without giving Katrina time to protest. “You said you wanted to change clothes. I’m assuming you didn’t bring anything to change into so…”
	“I can’t just take Hope’s clothes. That’s beyond rude, Landon.”
	“I guess you’re right. Would you like some of mine? I’m sure you would look incredibly sexy wearing nothing but one of my t-shirts.” Katrina slugged Landon and took his phone away. 
	“I’m going to call Hope. Get out.” 
	When Katrina emerged ten minutes later, she headed to the kitchen in search of Landon, assuming he was scrounging for food. Instead of finding Landon, she walked right into Emily.  “Oh, excuse me Mrs. Anderson.”
	“Katrina. I didn’t know you were here. And you may call me Emily.”
	“I came home with Landon.”
	“I was just going to start dinner. Would you like to help me?”
	“Actually, I would love that.”
	“Then do you mind handing me the butter from the counter behind you.” Katrina handed the tub of butter across the island but nearly dropped it when Emily grabbed for it. 
	A glint of red light shone from Emily’s right hand. It was only a flicker, there one second and gone the next. She swore it was a tattoo of sorts; two red triangles placed vertex to vertex. The image itself wasn’t what upset Katrina. It was the memory of that exact image drawn in the diary that concerned her. 
	Katrina tore her eyes from the mark to find Emily had been staring at her the whole time. “I’m sorry, Emily. What else can I do for you?”

VII
	Ratel wandered through the most disgraceful parts of the city with miles of drugs, whores and homeless stretching before him. He was truly beginning to hate himself more than the orders and commands he found himself following each day. Remembering the day he rose from his shallow grave just fueled the anger. From that moment, he knew he was destined for greatness yet here he was. Each day was a new set of directions to be followed or else. So much for his greatness. To make matters more frustrating, the idiot barking the orders had no sense of power. He was merely the minion of someone much higher. 
	The strong smell of heroin laced blood drew Ratel from his incessant self-loathing into an abandoned factory building. Once inside, the sense of home enveloped Ratel. Young girls in their tattered and threadbare clothes lay everywhere. He could already feel what blood he had flow south as he stepped over a mutilated drug dealer. 
	Lucky for him, the blacked out windows allowed him to replenish his low supply without any notice. Obviously, the elderly homeless man hovering in the corner didn’t supply him with the sweetest tasting blood in the room, but it did fill the gap, as they say. 
	With a new blood supply, Ratel possessed the sadistic edge that kept him from raping and draining the first girl he came on. It didn’t necessarily mean the girls would survive the night, it just meant the fun would last longer. 
	Ratel made himself at home in a small group of teenage runaways looking to fill their psychological pain with the euphoria heroin provided. Leave it to the territorial idiot to make the first move. “Who the hell are you?”
	“That truly depends on how you act for the next five minutes. I can be your best friend or your murderer. The decision is yours.” Staring down the young man proved just the intimidation he needed. “Good choice. You may call me Rat."
	“Now ladies, let's get this party started.” These girls were Ratel’s favorite brand. Runaways just want to feel right in the world. Even in his mortal days on the street, Ratel preyed on these girls. 
	His tricks were considered epic in his time and tonight he was in the perfect mood to dig through that old bag. "So ladies, I remember how hard it is living all alone on the streets. Now, don't tell me but Rat, we aren't alone. We have each other. Obviously, that isn't what I meant." 
	Ratel moved between two young girls who couldn't be a day over 18 but of legal age. He could smell the heroin poison seeping through their veins and it only made his blood flow quicker. It took everything in him not to throw the girl to the floor and stick it to her. Instead, he leaned his face to the busty blonde’s ear and whispered, "I have a few sets of handcuffs in my bag over there. Ready to get kinky?" 
	Reluctantly, the girl crossed the room just as they typically do. Digging through a bag of cold hard cash usually melts all the squeamishness leaving behind nothing but the need to please. 
	Blondie bounced her way back with a fist full of handcuffs and sex on the brain. Every gold digger knows the way to a sugar daddy’s wallet is through the zipper on his pants. Too bad for her, every vampire knows the best way to the pretty blonde’s blood is through the veins in her neck.


October 13

I
	At this time in my life, I was just coming to terms with the fact that the dream of my parents in the house fire was more of a memory so you can imagine how scary it was to dream about Landon’s parents. It was also the first dream I’d had that appeared to be true to life. 
	It started as a happy replay of the previous evening with the Andersons. Things began to skew once we were all seated at the table with plates of food in front of us. Suddenly, Emily was wearing a white princess style wedding dress smeared with blood and the plate in front of her was replaced with a wine glass filled to the brim with a thick crimson liquid. Subconsciously, I knew it was blood. 
	To make matters worse, Draco stood up from his seat and came to stand behind me. When he reached his hand around my face, I noticed the same shining tattoo on the soft tissue between the thumb and index finger of the back of the hand; two red triangles stacked vertex to vertex. 
	He placed this hand on my cheek and turned my head to the right, exposing my neck. Before he had the chance to dig his teeth in, the alarm clock sounded putting an end to the horrific nightmare. 
	Standing in the shower helped to sooth the nervous twitches in my brain but it didn’t completely dismiss the context of the dream. I knew, even wide awake, that the glowing tattoo represented something preternatural just as the glowing thurisaz rune had. The difference was the thurisaz marked nefarious grounds and a possible vampire nest. What did this represent?
	Emily and Draco could not be vampires. Draco cleared two plates of food at dinner the night before. If he were a member of the undead, he shouldn’t have been able to eat. And then there was the sunlight. 
	I vaguely remember finishing in the shower and quickly dressing before I dug through the diary for the image on Emily’s hand. What I found near the end of the book was exactly what I expected. 

	The mark of the black widow is the brand of a vampire belonging to a small band of vampires born out of the daughter of Murrough O’Brien, last king of Thomond. Few vampires carry the mark as Francesca lived nearly four hundred years before taking followers. Beware those carrying the hourglass as they are capable of devastatingly horrid actions, just as the notorious spider herself.

	I was so devastated by the description that I couldn’t produce the corresponding tears. My nose tickled and itched as if I was going to cry but the faucet never opened.
	All I could think about is how badly Landon was going to take his parents being vampires. It was one thing to be lied to by a sibling. It was another to learn the woman who gave you life was no longer human and hiding it. 
	I remembered a brief conversation about John, Landon’s father. Long story short he vanished one evening. All three kids were sent to stay with their grandparents for a few weeks because Emily had become dreadfully ill. Landon had said something about his mother acting differently when they returned home but he figured it was just the pain of losing her husband. 
	Landon’s story had so many similarities to Cori Planker’s story that I sat down to the computer to reread the article. When I opened my computer, it became clear someone had been fiddling with it. On the screen was a poem, Nymphidia I believe was the name of it. More interesting was that two lines of the poem had been highlighted. 
	Now incredibly distracted, I printed the whole poem making note of line 390 and shoved it in my backpack just as Landon pulled in the driveway. 
	On the way to school, I decided it was necessary to fish around in Landon’s memories for a few answers. “Thank you again for taking me home with you last night. I think I just needed a reminder that there are wonderful people in the world.”
	“Are you saying you love me?” He always was quite the cocky bastard.
	“No, I do love spending time with your family, though. Has Draco always been part of your family?” 
	The question seemed to startle him and I immediately regretted asking it, but Landon answered it just the same. “Actually, Draco appeared a few months after Dad disappeared. Mom had another friend staying with us before him but he didn’t really mesh well with our family. Draco fit in from the beginning.” 
	Landon launched into some silly story about playing hide and seek with him while his mother was out one evening but I couldn’t concentrate. All I could think about was his father’s disappearance and the crazy dream. 
	During my first class, I dug the poem out of my bag and began reading. Before I knew it class was over and I hadn’t heard a single word for nearly an hour. What I did learn is wolfsbane isn’t the only pretty flower to avoid. 

II
	Ever since the move, Emily had become a completely different person. It wasn’t just that her children were in mortal danger. She had come to deal with that fact early into her new existence. Draco could tell there was something much worse bothering her. 
	He also knew women are best left to their moods. To paraphrase Marius, when women are strong, they are absolutely unpredictable. After spending the night and half the morning waiting for Emily to come around and share her concerns, Draco decided to head out. “Emily, I’m going to take this box to Katrina’s.”
	Emily looked up from her computer and stared at Draco with her piercing eyes as she would a misbehaving child. “Have you ever heard of a ratel?”
	Draco squirmed under Emily’s scornful stare stuttering as he answered. “It’s just a honey, uh honey badger, right.” 
	“Why, so nervous, my dear? Is there something I should know?”
	“I don’t have time for an interrogation, Emily. I’m not sure you realize this but we have four children whose lives depend on our attention to them. Now if you don’t mind, I am going to start with Katrina’s safekeeping.” Draco stopped in the doorway and turned back, “I don’t know what has you all worked up but I need you to focus on the problems at hand.”
	Emily didn’t like the tone of Draco’s dodging. She’d never before had reason to doubt him, but today she just wasn’t sure if she truly knew everything about him. He was two mortal lifetimes older than her. 
	The click of the front door sent a rush of relief through Emily. With Draco out of the house, she could focus on much more pressing issues than Katrina’s mental capacity. The click of the back door a mere two minutes later caused her to groan. “What did you forget, Draco.”
	“I didn’t forget anything. Then again, I’m not Draco.”
	“Damn it, Jean Claude. What do you want now?”
	“I guess I was hoping to catch you in a moment of desperation.”
	Emily threw a book at him. “Why do you have to be such a jack ass? You know that was a once in a life time necessity,” she said. “Now what do you really want?”
	“I couldn’t help but hear your brief inquisition about Ratel. My first question is how did you hear about him?” Jean Claude pulled a chair from across the room to face Emily.
	“Why does it matter?”
	“Let me explain something to you, Emily. I don’t have to play your petty female games. I don’t have any further obligations to protect this family or you for that matter. So, you can either answer my questions or I can walk away and watch from afar as Ratel kills each and every one of you.”
	“How am I supposed to know you aren’t Ratel?”
	“I guess you will just have to trust me. Now, answer me. How did you hear about Ratel?”
	“Terrence mentioned my rogue friend Ratel and since I don’t have anyone to consider a friend aside from you and Draco… Wait a minute. What do you mean you couldn’t help but overhear?”
	“Oh, I was just waiting for Draco to leave so I could take you hunting. Find you a nice hard pervert and get myself nice and hard, you know.”
	Emily didn’t give Jean Claude the luxury of a response.
	“I’m not leaving until we get a few things straight. I am and always have been in your corner. No matter what you hear from whom, you can trust me.”
	“That’s great, Jean Claude but if you don’t mind, I have some research to complete. You can see yourself out.” 
	In true Jean Claude form, he opened the window and jumped out leaving the curtains fluttering in the wind. Emily, engrossed in Edmond’s past, welcomed the fall breeze.

III
	Emily never walked through Edmond’s front door. She always felt going through the window was the best way to avoid detection. Draco didn’t feel that way. If the footprints start at the window, it is a dead giveaway of an intruder of the undead kind. Chances are no one will notice footprints that start at the front door and rove the house. 
	Standing at the front door with his hand resting on the doorknob, Draco listened for voices and whispering minds within. He wasn’t surprised to hear Edmond’s mind as he studied a diary of some kind. 
	Taking advantage of Edmond’s distraction, Draco turned the knob and slipped up to Katrina’s bedroom. His plan was to set the box under Katrina’s bed and slip back out the front door. Once the box was in place, however, plans changed. Leaving would be such a waste of an opportunity. Plus the attic space was a great place to hide from life for a while. 
	Careful to secure everything behind him, Draco tiptoed to Katrina’s little couch and made himself at home. The stillness of the house made for such a great conductor between Edmond and Draco’s minds that he could just sit back and listen to his fuzzy thoughts. 
	He knew Edmond had some kind of office hidden in the basement but he hadn’t expected it to be so crammed with books. Three walls had floor to ceiling bookshelves while the fourth wall was an enormous bulletin board plastered with layers of newspaper articles and hand drawn maps.
	Sitting at a decrepit table in the midst of the cobwebs and dust ridden shelves, Edmond sat with the diary open in front of him. Whatever he’d found in the diary had his mind racing. After a few minutes of trying to decipher legible thoughts through the jumble that was Edmond’s mind, Draco resorted to reading through Edmond’s eyes. The top of the page was dated August 1416.
	The top of Edmond’s notes was labeled Sir John Cole, KNT of Agincourt. So, Edmond is doing his own special research on Cole lineage. A list of dates lined the margin with a corresponding list of towns and runes. 
Draco had no way of knowing what the page could represent until a voice spoke behind Edmond. “I sure hope you’ve found it.”
	Edmond jumped from his chair and turned to face the intruder. “Oh, you startled me. I have not found the exact location, sir, but I believe I may have found the specific Cole branch that possesses it.  I need just a few more days.”
	The stranger backhanded Edmond with such force that Draco could smell the blood four floors up. “I have given you fourteen years. You have had more than enough time. And you had better watch where your little bitch is sniffing. I see her around my house again, I will kill her on the spot.”
	With the sound of the front door slamming, Edmond staggered backward to his chair and Draco let out a deep breath he didn’t know he was holding. Draco had no idea what Edmond was searching for but he did know if Landon and Katrina ventured back into the woods, they were sure to die. 
IV
	Jean Claude knew if Francesca visited Emily she would be expecting spectacular news. As it stood, nobody had concrete facts on anything. This would not do for the Stone Queen. 
	He needed more information about this mysterious vampire. The best place to start had to be the front porch of his antique house in the woods. That is precisely why he was seated on the porch swing when the vampire with the Ouroboros tattoo walked up.  “Well, Jean Claude. Nice of you to stop by.”
	“I just didn’t have time to follow you around today. Plus, I need a place to stay.”
	“I’m sorry this isn’t a bed and breakfast.”
	“Then it’s a good thing I don’t sleep. How about I cut to the chase. I need answers and you look like just the right guy to get them from.”
	The stranger crossed his tattooed arms across his chest and leaned against the banister. “You know I have heard rumors of a vampire who thinks he runs the world. I always believed them to be stories. I guess I was wrong.”
	“Yes, I have been reminded numerous times over the centuries that I didn’t create vampires. I do, however, work for the biggest ruler of them and she wants answers,” Jean Claude replied before he crossed the porch and headed toward the apple orchard.
	“You will not get what you want from me. Neither you nor Francesca scare me. I will accomplish my mission and your lover will be none the wiser,” he said before turning his back and entering the house.
	Jean Claude was halfway through the apple orchard before he realized his cohort had disappeared. He didn’t need assistance snooping around the property, but he’d hoped that by badgering the stranger a little bit, he would break through the shell and get some answers. 
	The lack of threatened mortal children allowed Jean Claude to appreciate the beauty locked inside the iron fences. As he maneuvered through the shrubbery by way of narrow cobblestone walks, he felt as though he’d been transplanted to his native France, walking arm in arm with the love of his life, her fiery red hair flowing behind them in the wind. 
	Dead center of the garden stood an alabaster fountain. Beautifully carved Botticelli cherubs floated above the large basin. Missing were the tiered basins that typically overflowed water into the much large tub below.  Without water flowing through the fountain, Jean Claude was forced to investigate further. It appeared the water was drawn straight from the base through crevices in the pedestal and poured back below from the underside of the cherubs themselves. 
	That’s odd. The fountain must be filled to flow, Jean Claude thought as he stepped back to snap a photo. Through the camera, he noticed an etching in the walls of the basin. Behold the Fountain of Youth. Jean Claude understood. This fountain was not meant to run water. 
	With the revelation, he began to notice what lay beyond the perfectly manicured shrubbery. Individual flower beds were lined with limestone.  Each rectangular bed had one bush of crimson roses growing exactly where the heart of a corpse would be located. With the help of the sun’s reflection, a faint glimmer at the foot of one of the flower beds caught his eye. After digging his hands into the thick topsoil, he uncovered a dingy name plaque proving his theory of a savage garden.
	Most startling was the wide span of growth among the plants, from saplings to full grown bushes; a physical symbol of the span of ages buried here. Jean Claude stepped up on the edge of the fountain and began counting the bushes. With this many bodies, it would take a small village to raise them on the full moon.
	Jean Claude stood in an indescribable state somewhere between awe and disgust when a voice startled him. “I guess you didn’t need me to answer your ridiculous questions after all. Unless you plan to take up permanent residence in one of my stone chambers, I suggest you vacate my property immediately.”
	He walked past Jean Claude and out into the woods. “You better not be here when I return.”

V
	When Ratel left the girls the night before, he thought it would be cute to create a human chain between two support posts in the factory. Throughout the morning, the idea of exploiting their broken spirits made the most mundane tasks more enjoyable. He didn’t even wince when the enforcer punished him for coming home empty handed. This crop was not to be shared.
	The girls didn’t let him down. He could smell the blood dripping down their arms from the front door of the factory. “Oh, ladies, did we have a good night? I hope the rats treated you well.”
	Ratel walked down the human chain basking in the sweet smell of spilled blood. By the end of the line, flames of bloodlust rose in his throat. “Just a snack,” he said to the last girl in line. All he wanted was to clean the stream of blood from her arm but her silent screams enticed him to plunge his elongated fangs into the soft tissue of her ulnar artery. 
	“Now girls, I know how weak your mortal eyes are, so I am going to scrape a few panels of this large window here. It may burn a bit at first but it’s just so much more fun to torture your prey when they can see it coming. You will understand in due time. The full moon is in ten days so as long as I don’t completely drain you during our play time, you will have all eternity to play alongside me.” 
	Ratel’s sadistic side did love a good torture hour and taking the time to scrape a few window panes clean gave him time to pry into the innocent minds behind him. He was thoroughly surprised to hear one particular stream of thought. While most of the girls were sniveling and crying about the upcoming torture, the girl attached to the pole could only think about the prospects of a never-ending life with such a powerful being. 
	That self-assurance would definitely have to be broken… or bitten. Someone that strong could make for a great wingman but the wild mustang is always the most difficult. 
	Another girl emitted nothing but white noise. Minds that blank do not make good vampires but they sure do make good dinner. Once the window was scraped, Ratel headed straight to the sound void and sunk his elongated teeth into the sweet nectar of her carotid artery filling the hunger.
	Six of the remaining seven girls were screaming. The only thing keeping the vampire grounded was the fact that the mustang on the end showed immense fascination for the situation. 
	“Why are you doing this to us?” the youngest girl sobbed.
	“Boredom mostly. But don’t worry. I’m sure I will soon bore of this as well and move on with my life.” Ratel was digging through his duffle bag as he spoke. When he stood upright, he was holding a leather cat tail. 
	“Girls, before you complete your transformation, there is one very important lesson you must understand. Human blood is the ultimate aphrodisiac to a vampire. Once a single drop of blood passes the lips, sexual needs take over.”
	Ratel paced in front of the girls smacking the whip in his hand hard enough to draw blood.  A few more treks allowed just enough blood to pool in his palm to prove a point. “Most vampires turn to their likeness for the much needed release. Take Emily, for example. After a decade of warding off human blood, she decides she needs its advantages to suit her own agenda neglecting the strength of the erotic pull. Her quick fix was to take a fellow undead into a bathroom for a quickie. 
	“Other vampires, such as myself, are sickened by necrophilia and would much rather a warm body. Who better to finish my revitalization than the mark itself?” At the end of his monologue, Ratel found himself standing in front of the mustang. 
	Now speaking directly to her, Ratel said, “You have loads of untapped potential. I think you will make a great female counterpart. The poison in my blood will take a bit longer to penetrate your system before you become incapacitated if you drink it from me.”
	“All I have to do is drink your blood and I will be able to spend eternity with you?”
	“Yes, and hopefully your vampire persona won’t sound quite so needy. Now drink up.” The mustang reluctantly lowered her head to Ratel’s palm and lapped up the traces of blood pooled there. 
	Once she was finished, she licked her lips and looked up into his evil eyes before he snapped the handcuffs from her wrist and pinned her to the floor. She clawed at his chest tearing his shirt to shreds and drawing drops of blood from his chest. He pulled her free of her pants. She spread her legs allowing penetration and together they climaxed before the poison spread to her heart rendering her comatose. 
	Six girls used their untethered end as an advantage scrambling together as far from the copulating Ratel as possible. Heads bowed and tears streaming into one large puddle between them, they begged for forgiveness in their individual silent prayers.               
	“I had forgotten how much fun consensual sex can be,” Ratel muttered disregarding the girls’ blasphemous prayers. He scooped Mustang’s limp body from the floor and carried her to her temporary resting place.  

VI
	“Who the hell do you think you are? Do you ever consider anyone around you?” Draco stepped behind Emily in an effort to calm her. 
	“I must turn the same question back on you, Emily. But first, let me clarify. I am your supreme ruler, not just some menial boss. You do as I say, or I release you from the horrid clutches of eternity,” Francesca said. “Now, please take a seat. I do not like being so far from my home.”
	Emily flinched at Draco’s touch and sat herself. Francesca fixed her gaze on Emily before she turned to Jean Claude. “Share your findings in the garden.” 
	“You were in the garden?” Emily blurted. The agitation had become so severe that her feet bounced on the tile under the table and her fingers tore at the wrapper of a water bottle. 
	“Yes, Emily. Someone had to do it. Basically, the garden appears to be an ornate mausoleum for the First Blood. Honestly, that is to be expected. Every vampire coven has a transformation center and therefore, must account for the ceremony of the rising in some way. “More worrisome is the number of graves inside the garden.”
	“Graves! No modern day vampire still uses such a primitive method of transformation. Some fledglings never recover from such a mental break.” Emily blurted.
	“Yes, graves are the one way to ensure the suppression of those who rise from them,” Francesca returned. “This is the reason why many vampires return to their graves before each full moon. It was not for the need for rejuvenation so much as the comfort in repetition of the rise. As one rises and takes part of the First Blood, they are becoming part of an eternal brotherhood of the undead.”
	Jean Claude continued. “Francesca, I believe everyone is missing the point. There has to be dozens of fresh crimson roses blooming in that garden, each thriving on the death seeping from the grave.” 
	Emily turned to Francesca and began to spew her anger. “Are you telling me you just relocated my mortal children to an area where we are soon to see dozens of fledglings roaming the forest around our house?” Remembering her place, Emily hung her head as the tears began to flow.
	Draco interjected, “Madame, I assume you had no way of knowing the danger you were placing the young ones in.”
	Francesca leaned forward, her eyes less than a foot from Draco’s and unblinking, she responded to the ridiculous assumption. “As usual, Draco, you overestimate my compassion. I had no idea of such an existence, but it would not have influenced my decision. The children are not my worry or care. It was I who separated Landon from the pack for the single purpose of the taking. You discovered that yourself, did you not. As for his current condition, it will soon come to an end.” 
	Set back in her chair, legs crossed, Francesca looked to Jean Claude to continue. “What I haven’t shared is the grave markers. Each plot is fitted with a footstone, even the vacant plots. Each footstone contains a name and one single date.” Jean Claude turned his attention from Francesca to Emily. “There is a plot sectioned for Landon with October 23rd inscribed under his name.”
	Emily didn’t take that blow as expected. Even Francesca expected to be the center of Emily’s maternal attack. Instead, she was shocked; unmoving with silent tears slipping down her cheeks.  It was Draco who acted out of character. He slipped a single bear paw under the large dining room table and threw it against a wall with enough force that it stuck into the drywall. 
	“I guess you got your wish, Madame. After everything we’ve done for that boy, why should it end this way?”
	Faster than the mortal eye could follow, Francesca was on Draco’s chest and he was pinned to the floor. “You will not insult me in such a way. I should put an end to you right here.” 
	“Go ahead. End me. If it hadn’t been for you meddling, I would have been long gone a century ago,” Draco growled. 
	Francesca reached her index finger and thumb into her notorious red boots and withdrew an oversize switch blade. With the flick of her wrist, the blade was exposed and pressed against Draco’s throat drawing crimson droplets to the surface. Over the sizzle of the poison on the steel, she cried, “What is it with this little bitch that has the two of you bending at her call?” Defeated and unwilling to lose her best, Francesca removed her blade, wiped the blood on her pants and replaced it. 
	Draco stood up and Francesca took her seat where the table had been. With a new edge in her voice, Francesca added, “And my wish was not for him to become part of some ridiculous coven hidden in the woods. I sent Jean Claude to take him so he could forever be a fledgling of mine. Now I must resign to using him as bait and hope for the best.”    
	Francesca struck a chord deep inside Emily reigniting the fiery mother’s temper. “What do you mean, hope for the best? These are my children you are talking about here. They are not some science project.”
	“Oh, Emily dear, you didn’t truly believe I was just going to allow you to keep your precious miscreants without an ulterior motive? Your little family has always been a science project. Consider it a nature vs. nurture experiment.” Francesca sneered.
	Jean Claude felt it was time to take over before Francesca was forced to kill someone for insolence. “Emily, here’s the thing. Landon is now legal for the taking and this grave marker is proof that any vampire with a decade of anger towards your situation is going to come for him. Francesca is only suggesting we use the target on his back to catch whoever is behind the garden in the woods.”
	Emily looked to Draco for support but only found him staring at his hands in silence. “Draco, these are my children,” she begged. “Please support me. You said just the other day you were the only being who could possibly understand my view on such a matter.”
	Draco looked up to reveal a shimmer of tears threatening to spill over. “I believe Francesca is right. We have to bait these bastards. We may be able to head them off before the deed is done but…” Draco trailed off before he dared finish the sentence that would break his love’s heart.
	“You will be his mother for all of eternity. You will never be forced to bury him or explain to your grandchildren why you never age. You and your first true love will forever be together,” Francesca stated. 
	“This is not something I would ever force on someone, especially my own children. Humans were created to live out their hopes and dreams and then die. They were not created to live in an eternity of limbo, watching the world change around them as they stand unchanged. And they were definitely not created to be slaves to the likings of you!” Emily spat.
	The room fell silent as Francesca allowed her blood to cool. It would not help her long term goals if she killed the key to all that mattered. “You may live longer if you build a little respect for your maker.”
	“I may build a little respect if you build a little compassion.”
	Francesca waved her hand in the air as if batting away a stray mosquito and moved on. “Here is the new plan. Jean Claude, you will follow Landon night and day considering you have already proven you will not kill him under such circumstances. If that means becoming part of the family, please do so. 
	“Emily, since you continue to be the number one being on the planet capable of turning up information on any being alive or otherwise, you will begin researching the names on the footstones. I want full backgrounds on each. My suggestion is you start with the previous full moon and work backwards. All other fledglings will be of no use until the upcoming cycle.” Emily offered a slight nod of her head in acceptance. 
	“I will prepare Tatum to join you.”
	“Tatum?” Draco asked.
	“Tatum is the intern filling in for Emily at headquarters. She has proven herself useful.” To Emily, she said, “Tatum is still mortal. I suggest you make room for her.”
	“Draco, you will continue to follow Katrina as you have been. Above all, none of the little brats are to know what is going on. Landon is the only one at risk as the rest are not of age. Keep that in mind.” 
	Francesca stood from her chair and stepped to Jean Claude. With her hand firmly wrapped around his throat, she bent to his eyes, “As for you, if you bang one more whore, I will kill you in the act. Do not forget, I know all you do." 

VII
	After such a horrifying dream featuring Landon’s parents, Katrina felt it was necessary to spend the day in hiding. A lunch break in the library gave her the space she needed to spread all her composition books across the table and dig into the most recent conundrum to her identity, her possible Cole lineage. 
	The most logical jumping off point was her hometown of Grover, Colorado but she couldn’t seem to locate any Coles in Grover.  She sat back in her chair and crossed her arms in defeat staring at her array of notebooks. The corner of a printed news article poked out from a yellow cover. Pulling the article out reminded her that somewhere in the world there was a house fire at 1823 Washington Ave. The proof was right here. 
	She didn’t understand how she could miss the fact that this article spoke of a house fire in Woodbury, Connecticut a town clear across the country from where Edmond spoke of. Turning back to the computer with newfound excitement, Katrina searched for Cole lineage in Woodbury.                 
	Before she could truly begin sifting through the never ending Google results, the bell rang and it was time to run off to class. 

***
	Three hours later, Katrina found herself tucked into the passenger seat next to Landon on her way home. He knew something was obviously wrong but he just couldn’t seem to crack the thick shell. Every time he’d ask, her answer was always nothing. He half expected her to jump from the truck and run the second he pulled in the driveway.  Luckily, she had bigger things on her mind.
	“I plan to tear the house apart until I find that tapestry. Edmond is hiding much more from me than I thought and I plan to find out why. He has gone as far as to lie about where we moved from,” Katrina said.
	Landon was flabbergasted, “I’m sorry, Katrina. Would you like my help?”
	Reluctantly, Katrina answered, “Yes.”
	Katrina wasn’t quite sure what she was listening for when she paused on the front porch. As she stood there listening, the mutterings of someone’s mind did catch her off guard. It was easy to tell that what she heard was not vocalized speech because it carried a whispering quality of someone talking to themself. Whoever it was, caused her to feel somewhat comforted as she entered the house and headed straight for the kitchen.
	“I skipped lunch and I’m starving,” Katrina said. “You hungry?” 
	“I’m always hungry, Kat,” he said as he took her bags from her and plopped them onto the kitchen table. When he turned around, Katrina was bent over with her ass sticking out past the refrigerator door. He couldn’t contain his laughter and before he knew it, Katrina was pinned against the sink kissing him back.
	“Seriously, I could kiss you all day but if I don’t eat something, my stomach is going to start eating itself,” she said as she pushed past him back to the fridge. “It looks like your choices are grilled cheese, eggs or a tub of butter. Sorry, I haven’t shopped in a while.”
	“Do you want to go out and eat? My treat?”
	Katrina emerged from the fridge with a loaf of bread, sliced cheese and a dozen eggs teetering on top. “No, I need to eat now and I want that tapestry.” 
	“Where do you plan to hang it?”
	“Actually, I was wondering how you felt about taking it to your house? The lies and secrets between my brother and I are becoming unbearable and I am really worried how he would react if he found me staring at his biggest lie of all.”
	Landon knew from the look on Katrina’s face that something was truly bothering her aside from the tapestry. “You have been acting weird all day, Kat. What’s the deal? Did I do something wrong?”
	Katrina hemmed and hawed about which truth she should share with Landon. It would kill him to know about the crazy dream so she looked into Landon’s eyes and spilled everything about her hometown. “Edmond even lied to me about where we are from. Why would he do such a thing?”
	“I don’t know Katrina. I’m sure he has his reasons for hiding you in this cabin and for keeping so much of your history from you. Do you think it could have anything to do with the house fire? Maybe whoever burnt the house down was just trying to get to you?”
	“Honestly, I hadn’t considered that I was the original target. That just means that all this sneaking around could unravel anything he’s done to keep me safe,” Katrina said to her plate. 
	“Try not to look at it that way, Katrina. You have learned so much about yourself and soon you will know where you came from. Once all this meshes together, you will be able to protect yourself and Edmond won’t have to worry anymore.”
	Katrina pushed away from the table in search of the tapestry. She was surprised to find it right where Edmond had placed it so many years before. She took it from the shelf and blew the layer of dust off the lid before peering inside. Anyone else would have seen an old stained blanket but to Katrina, the tapestry was a key to her past, present and future. 
	Landon took the large box and headed out the door with Katrina on his heels. 
	Thirty minutes later, the tapestry was unfolded and hanging from eye hooks screwed into Landon’s wall. Despite the fact that she’d seen the tree before, Katrina was still amazed by the sheer size of the family and the beauty of the tree it was drawn on. 
	Katrina pointed to three black runes at the base of the trunk. “Do you remember our discussion in class about the three levels of meaning associated with runes?” 
	Not surprisingly, Landon looked completely lost as Katrina spoke. “A rune can be used as a basic letter for communication, a representation of something or a magical spell.”
	Landon nodded and Katrina continued. “In this case, I believe these runes represent all three levels. If used for communication, it spells the name Cole, K O L. I believe each letter represents a characteristic of the vampire hunter, kaunaz is said to be the beacon of life, othila is the inheritance of ancestral property, and laguz is the symbol of fertility.” 
	Katrina paused before launching into the abstract idea of runes as magic. “I remember reading somewhere that if certain runes were said with enough conviction, they project magical properties. When we visited the garden, do you remember me pointing out a tree and you mocking me?”
	Landon nodded.
	“I pointed to the tree because it had the thurisaz rune carved into it and it was glowing red. One of the magical properties behind thurisaz is its force of defense. I believe when I repeated the name of the rune, it shone as a warning. I am convinced that any true hunter has these runes tattooed somewhere on them as a form of protection during the hunt.”
	Katrina could not miss Landon’s blatant eye roll. “Landon, just listen. If a rune has magical powers wouldn’t it make sense to carry these three protective charms with you? Life, heritage and fertility are incredibly important reminders when going against something as evil as a vampire.”
	“I guess I can see where you are coming from but fertility? It’s not like a hunter will be reproducing in battle.”
	“Think of life as staying grounded in the present, heritage as the remembrance of everything a hunter learns from elders and fertility as what passes along to future generations. Past, present and future. I’m not talking about witchcraft as it’s represented in books and movies. I’m talking about the strength emitted from written words.”
	“Well, I will make you an appointment to have that tattoo put on, but for now, let’s find your name.” Katrina stepped to the opposite end of the tapestry and ran her eyes over the names across the tips of each branch. The two met in the middle without recognizing her name on any branch. 
	Discouraged, they sat back on the bed and started at the wall. All at once Landon jumped from the bed, “Look at this name, Katrina.” He was pointing to a name where the trunk split in two. “Lady Eleanor.”
	“That would explain so much, Landon. She knew so much about me, but it still doesn’t explain…” Katrina stopped mid-sentence. “I found my name, Landon.” 
	When Landon looked into Katrina’s face, she looked as if she’d seen a ghost. Following her gaze emitted the same effect on him. “That doesn’t make sense.”
	“I bet Edmond would know.”
	“I’m sure he would, Kat. But would you prefer ask him or Lady Eleanor?”

October 14

I
	Landon woke up to a choking scream coming from the bed next to him. He faintly remembered falling asleep discussing the family tree and here Katrina was in his bed having a horrible nightmare. In the early morning light, he could just make out her expression.
At first, Landon reached to wake her but Katrina’s repeated muttering of Emily’s name caused him to listen instead. “No Emily, these are your children. You can’t do this.” Katrina was suddenly thrashing around in the bed as if she were trying to run from someone. When she finally startled herself awake, Landon was standing over the bed staring down at her. 
	“Oh my god, Landon. Did I fall asleep in your bed?” Katrina was out of the bed and staring at him in the same bewildered manner he was staring at her. 
	“What were you dreaming about?” 
 “I explained to you how every night I dream about my parent’s death, right? Then I found the article about the house fire and I realized that it was never just a dream.”
	“Yes, I remember. What does that have to do with my mother?”
	“In the last week I have had two new dreams. Both more disturbing than the original.” Katrina took Landon by the arms and sat him on the bed. Cross legged, she continued. “I dreamt that Emily and Draco are vampires.” Now that she’d said it aloud, Katrina almost laughed at herself but the look on Landon’s face kept her grounded. “I know it’s a lot to take in. I spent most of the day yesterday comparing Emily’s situation with the articles I read about Cori Planker.”
	Katrina reached across the bed and took Landon’s hands. “I want to talk to you about this but I can hear Emily and Draco stirring around the house. They know I’m here but I don’t think you want them to hear this conversation until you are ready to share.”
	“What do you mean they know you’re here?”
	“Emily is thinking about the sight of us asleep in bed together but Draco has her convinced that it’s nothing to worry about. We were both fully dressed and asleep on top of the covers.”
	“That’s not what I meant. How do you know what they’re thinking?”
	Katrina took a deep breath. “The last couple days I have been able to pick up a few thoughts here and there. But don’t worry; I can’t hear anything from you.” 
	Landon squeezed Katrina’s hands into his own and stood up from the bed. “I am going to pretend this conversation never happened, ok. It isn’t because I don’t believe you. I just would prefer not to think of my parents as vampires.” 
	Katrina nodded and stood up to kiss him, “Eww, morning breath. How about you take me home so I can get ready for my day and you can come back and get me in a little while?”

II
	Emily couldn’t seem to muster any resentment toward Katrina for having spent the night in Landon’s bed. On the one hand, it was a horrible breach of trust and respect. On the other hand, it’s much easier for mama bird to keep an eye on all her little chicks if they are all in the same nest. 
	With the comfort of all the kids in one place and the stress of Francesca’s visit, Draco took advantage of the impending doom to corner Emily. “We need to discuss this ratel thing. I looked it up today and I was right about it just being another name for a honey badger but what does that have to do with me?”
	“I was told that a friend of mine calls himself Ratel and has turned rogue. You are the only friend I have vampire or otherwise, so of course I turned to you.”
	“I guess I can understand that assumption considering the craziness our life has become. Who did you hear this from?”
	Emily began picking at the skin around her fingernails, a very human twitch that she’d never fully broken under stressful circumstances. She knew if she told Draco about Terrence she would have quite a bit of explaining to do and she wasn’t sure she was ready to go there with him. 
	After a considerable length of silence, Draco moved on. “I can see you would prefer not to share that bit of information so how about you tell me what you know about this Ratel so we can have a jumping off point.”
	“Really, that’s all Ter… he said. There is a rogue vampire in the area and he was going to catch him.” 
	Draco had been around long enough to know Terrence was the authority on rogue vampires but he didn’t press Emily for more information. He knew she would share when the proper time came. Instead he pondered who this rogue could be. “The only other vampire you even associate with is Jean Claude but as far as anyone knows that is a professional relationship. Francesca ensured any wrong doing was swept under the rug before I was brought in.”
	“I have been considering this mysterious stranger that’s been threatening Katrina’s life. We don’t know anything about him aside from his ferocious nature when it comes to getting what he wants. It also makes sense that he would own the garden. No good natured member of the undead buries dozens of people in the ground for the First Blood ritual.”
	Draco nodded point by point as Emily spoke but at the end of the conversation they were no closer to a true suspect than they were in the beginning of the conversation. 
	Now that the sun was beginning to make its way into the sky, Emily was happy to see Landon shuttle Katrina home with Draco close on their heels. Vampires may not require sleep but there is still such a thing as mental fatigue and the emotion of last night had caused Emily to be exhausted. Luckily the only task she had for the day was to compile a very long list of names and dates for Francesca’s research purposes. 

***
	Never ending groves of apple trees and blooming rose bushes gave Emily the much needed mental vacation she needed. For a moment, she was not a blood drinker, a mother or an employee. She just was. 
	Sitting on the edge of the fountain with the sun beating down on her closed eyelids reminded her of her brief honeymoon with John in Florida. Emily had finally finished school at UCONN and accepted John’s proposal. They threw together the perfect wedding in less than a month and he whisked her away to the sunny beach shores before she started her career in the heart of Manhattan. 
	All that was just a memory now. John was dead and gone and she was undead and very much stuck in eternity. Life with John wasn’t always peachy and at times it was horrendous but at least it was a life with endless possibilities. Theoretically, this new life had an eternity of possibility while nothing seemed plausible.
	When Emily opened her eyes, she was hit with the shock of her surroundings. This was her destiny. In sixty or seventy years, she would be burying her children and every few decades after that, she would watch a new generation die while she continued to walk the earth in search of purpose. 
	Heaving herself off the edge of the fountain, Emily began to pace through the rose gardens in search of some sort of rhyme or reason. She’d expected to find a plethora of dead bushes over now vacant plots. Instead she found that plots either had bushes or didn’t and few of the markers were visible. This meant digging in the dirt for the gleam of bronze. 
	The system was tedious, dig up plaque, take a picture of it, write down the name and date, lather, rinse, repeat. All went smoothly until Emily came upon a shiny new plaque marking an empty grave. Landon’s name etched into the metal brought Emily to her knees. After all my efforts, how can this happen? 
	Emily rested her forehead on the cold metal of the plaque and sobbed. She could only wonder how things would have been different if John had survived the evening. Would Landon have a better chance of survival with two parents as opposed to just her?
The list took nearly five hours to complete after which Emily headed home to shower and print the pictures. She hadn’t counted but if she’d had to guess, the garden contained nearly two hundred plots with dates ranging over five centuries. 

III
	The smell of stale blood hit Terrence as he turned the corner to investigate an abandoned factory known for its teenage runaways. From experience, Terrence knew to expect the worst. The scene inside was by far the most gruesome Terrence had ever seen left behind by the infamous Ratel. The bodies were strewn across the open room. The condition of the bodies was a new twist for Ratel. Before today, Ratel only left girls between eighteen and twenty two. He always bit them, defiled them and marked them with his ridiculous R carved behind the ear.
	This room was filled with dead humans of all shape, size and age. Terrence leaned against the cracked and peeling paint on the wall for support. He was relieved to find evidence that Ratel was still in town but the idea of digging through dozens of dead bodies for usable information was discouraging. 
	Easily eliminated were the bodies of old homeless men. Judging by the condition of the corpse, they had just been in the wrong place at the wrong time. A few years back, Ratel had inadvertently created a trove of unruly vampires from a rageful feeding deep in the jungles of the Amazon. Since that incident, he took care to drain each drop from his victims.
	As Terrence began to step through the carnage, he tripped over a human chain of young women, each connected to the next with a bloodied pair of handcuffs. The girls were all in different stages of alive and otherwise. 
	Terrence picked up the broken bits of the cuff that had been wrapped around the mustang’s wrist and wondered at it. Once Ratel condemned a being he never changed his mind. How would a girl have broken away?
	Looking down the line, Terrence counted eight girls left behind; seven had the mark. The dungeons of the Scranton House didn’t have enough cells for seven girls on top of the two boys he already had awaiting the full moon. He would have to double up a few of the girls and hope they didn’t maul each other during the rise. 
	With the factory burning to the ground, Terrence retired to his office to call Francesca to share his breakthrough. But he hadn’t expected Jean Claude to answer his sister’s phone. “Why hello, Terrence.” After a brief pause to gather himself, Terrence asked very plainly to speak with Francesca. 
	“Hello, dear brother. What can I do for you today?”
	“Cut the sweet bullshit, Francesca. I don’t have time for it. Something has pushed Ratel over the edge. I just spent four hours cleaning up after him.”
	“That’s not my problem, Terrence. It’s yours.”
	“Oh, how I love doing your dirty work while you spend the days in bed with that low life. I would think after a hundred years of being screwed over, you would quit letting him back into your pants.” 
	“Big brother, must we have this conversation yet again?” Francesca replied with an underlying tone of cool contempt.  “I have a connection to Jean Claude that you will never understand. Maybe you should try getting laid sometime. It’s really not healthy to go decades at a time without a bed mate.
	“As far as the Ratel situation, it’s not my problem. Your orders were to deal with the leach and tell me when it’s been done. It’s bad enough you’ve been chasing him for almost ten years. Kill him already.”

IV
	Landon held the door for Katrina as she stepped past the string of tinkling bells. Just as before, Lady Eleanor materialized from the back of the shop to stand before them. “Why hello, children. What can I do for you today?”
	Katrina stepped forward and pulled a photo from her messenger bag. “I was wondering if you would explain this to me.”
	Lady Eleanor took the photo from Katrina just as a tiny grin pulled at the corners of her very wrinkled mouth. “My child, I have waited for this moment for so long. And Landon, thank you so much for bringing me this wonderful gift.”
	“What gift?” Landon asked.
	“Why the gift of a long overdue death,” she replied. “No, children, you must not be startled. If Katrina has accepted her place, I have but a few weeks to train  her before I may be released from my life.”
	“Is it true, Lady Eleanor? Am I a Cole?”
	“My child, you are not a measly Cole. You are the Cole. From you, the next grand branch of the Cole tree of life will spring.” Lady Eleanor held the photo up to her face. “I’m assuming you found your name in the same proximity as mine and it has brought you to me. There is a reason we have been placed at the base of the great limbs. We are two of the few number of guides responsible for creating this grand tree.”
	“Are you telling me that all these names are your children?” Landon asked.
	“Not in the natural sense of the word. I have guided and developed any member of the family ready to take on the undead.” Lady Eleanor paused as Katrina and Landon gathered their wits back about them. 
	Turning to Katrina, she continued. “As you can see, my child, I am ready to leave this world and reunite with the family I have lost over the centuries. In order to do so, I need to pass the torch. You have a destiny to uphold.”
	“And if I choose not to accept?”
	“Then the world will fall to the vampires and humans will soon become their cattle,” Lady Eleanor snapped before walking away. 
	The bite of the words was almost too much for Katrina to process. She didn’t want to live for two thousand years waiting for the next prophecy to be born but it wasn’t right to allow the mortal universe to fall to preternatural hands. Landon sat her in a chair just before Lady Eleanor reappeared between the stacks of books.
	“I vaguely remember feeling the things you feel right now. Take these books to help guide you through the difficult decisions ahead.” Lady Eleanor dropped a mixture of leather bound journals and spiral notebooks in Katrina’s lap. 
	“Lady Eleanor, if you are who you say, you should answer a few questions for me before I leave.”
	“Anything, my child.”
	“First of all, what really happened to my parents?” Katrina blurted.
	Lady Eleanor pointed one long, wrinkled index finger to the top book in Katrina’s lap. “The whole story of your parents exists in this top book. My old mind has lost much of its edge and may not portray the story as you should hear it.”
	“And these dreams? It was always the same dream of my parents burning in their house. Now, they have changed.” Katrina held her firm stare toward the old woman as she said, “They always contain vampires, some of which cannot be true.”
	“Dear child, you never merely dream. Each dream has meaning whether it be rooted in an existing past or a future omen. I feel you are referring to the dream of last night and if that is so, I suggest you think upon it with relation to what you will find in the dream book in your lap.”
	Landon looked startled. “Basically, you have just said my mother is a vampire. How can that be true?”
	“Landon, do you remember the first time you came to me?” Lady Eleanor inquired.
	“Vividly. I had just had a huge fight with Janie and decided to take a walk around the city. I was intrigued by the front of your store and the antique books in your window so I chose to come inside.”
	“And what did I say to you, boy?”
	“I guess I don’t remember.”
	“I said I was happy you’d finally come to see me. I told you how fortunate you were in life at this moment and the blessing your mother had become to everyone and everything. I then pointed you to a specific book on the paranormal shelves which you chose not to take with you. If you had read it as I’d intended, you would know that every being on earth has the choice between good and evil, nothing is bred into them.” Lady Eleanor placed her hand on Landon’s arm as a stabilizer.
	Landon’s shocked gaze stopped on Katrina’s face, the only object of comfort left in a shaken world. Katrina deflected back to Lady Eleanor, “What about Edmond?” 
	“Again, I must refer you to the books. My view of that boy is far too biased to share an objective opinion,” Lady Eleanor said before producing a stack of books for Landon. “Please take a look through this pile. I believe you will find quite a few helpful hints on the subject of your mother. 
	“If you don’t mind, children, I must tend to a few things in my nursery. Katrina, I look forward to seeing you this weekend.” Just as quickly as she’d materialized, Lady Eleanor disappeared. 
	In her absence, Landon collapsed into a chair across from Katrina and hung his head in his hands. “How can any of this be happening?” he muttered. 
	Katrina knelt on the floor at Landon’s feet and rested her head on his knees just inches from his face. “I’m not sure how we got here but we will make it through together, I promise.”

V
	Draco was really beginning to enjoy the peace and quiet of Katrina’s fortress. Laid back on the couch with his feet resting on the trunk, he couldn’t ask for a more comfortable stake out. He even had Edmond doing the work for him. Everything Edmond read from his dusty Cole journals filtered through his head and into Draco’s. 

Oct 25, 1415- I almost lost it today. What possessed me to carry such a weapon into battle, one will never understand. Luckily, a pretty young woman found it and recognized the crest of the hilt and quickly returned it. Such a pretty girl. I must make her my wife. 

	After about an hour of listening to Edmond read, Draco wished he could just doze off and let the day slip away. Unfortunately, the undead don’t sleep so he decided to dig through Katrina’s trunk. Draco’s instincts told him that the trunk was hiding something more significant than a long lost family picture. 
	Just as Draco sat back to flip through a composition book with the name Ezzelin von Klatka scribbled across the front, he heard the front door open and slam back. The stranger stomped down the stairs to the basement loud enough to wake the dead. “You had better have some information for me, Edmond.”
	“I do,” Edmond replied.
	“Well?”
	“The last known holder of the item you seek was Sir John Cole, Knight of Agincourt,” Edmond stuttered.
	“And where can I find him now?”
	“He died in roughly 1473-” 
	Edmond was unable to complete the thought before he tumbled onto the floor with a thud. “How the hell does that help me?”
	“The Cole family is huge, sir. Narrowing the possession to a single family strand should be wonderful news.”
	“Wonderful! The only wonderful news I hear you spouting is your uselessness. I should kill you right now.” 
	Edmond was trying desperately to beg for his life through the hand clamped around his throat. “A little…more…time, sir.” 
	“You have five days. If by the end of your sister’s birthday you have not located what I seek, I will kill you both. What a pretty picture, don’t you think, Edmond?” The stranger traced the quickly bruising veins in Edmond’s neck with a frigid index finger as he spoke. “I can see it now. Me draining every drop of blood from your pretty throat as your sister cries and pleads for your life. How do you think Katrina would enjoy being the only undead vampire hunter? 
	The vampire released Edmond causing him to stumble backwards. “Don’t test me, Edmond. I’m running very low on patience this week. Find it.”
	Edmond fell into his chair, wiping blood from his once again split lip. With a burst of anger, one swift swipe across the desk toppled everything on the floor. 
	If his calculations were correct, James Cole would have brought the weapon across the Atlantic when he immigrated to the new world. Edmond knew if he had any chance of protecting himself, he needed to go to Plymouth and pray Cole Tavern still existed in some form or another. 
	Draco continued to dig through the trunk as he watched Edmond plot his trip. The more he dug the more it was apparent that the trunk was a living fossil of Katrina’s life. About two thirds of the way down, everything changed. 
	These Cole’s sure have an obsession with journaling, Draco thought as he pulled an olive green journal from the trunk. Whoever owned this journal was a teenage girl. The letters swirled across the page with hearts for dots. 
	Draco felt like a peeping tom reading just the entry on the first page. Whoever this child was, she sure had a crush on this Dave kid. Draco flipped to the last entries of the journal to find a different mood. Gone were the whimsical drawings, replaced with scribbled rantings. It seemed the Cole’s also had a knack for waiting until a few weeks before their children turned seventeen to tell them about the hunter gene. 
	Draco probed Edmond’s mind to find he never planned to tell Katrina about her heritage. He truly didn’t care if she lived through the next few weeks. It was this precise moment, Draco decided he would serve as Katrina’s protector in order to do so, he needed permission from Emily to move Katrina into the new house. 

VI
	Ratel knew the girls had been relocated. The awareness came as he knelt beside his beautiful Mustang's grave. It was a feeling like nothing he'd ever experienced. It started with a slight tickle deep inside his heart and when he closed his eyes, he was knocked flat on his back. As bad as he wanted to blame the floating sensation on the rapidly soaring clouds, he knew perfectly well it was his heightened connection to the girls. 
	Each time a girl was carried from the factory and deposited in the hearse, the sensation followed their movements. It was agonizing to feel Terrence carry them. until the hearse began to maneuver the decrepit city streets. With each girl tossing around in their comatose state, tremendous vibrations overtook Ratel sending him into a tortured rage in the freshly turned dirt. 
	At the end of the transfer, one thing was abundantly clear. Terrence was getting entirely to close for comfort. Ratel would have to finish his mission in Pennsylvania and move on. Maybe somewhere warm next time. He’d always loved the uninhabited islands of the Caribbean Sea.
	If he were going to finish his mission, he needed to focus. Bidding his lovely transformation experiment good-bye, Ratel headed for home and to find his newest mark. 
	With the warm water flowing over his sensitized skin, Ratel counted the girls he’d taken. So far, he’d collected nine leaving a gaping seven before the next full moon. Theoretically, the task should be easy; take eighteen girls before the next full moon. The problem was the boss said each girl needed to be incredibly beautiful with tendencies toward angry obsession. 
	Mustang would make the perfect specimen, but then he would be left alone on an uninhabited island. Focus, he thought.
	He’d heard rumors of a rave in a vacant coal breaker floating around the scum of downtown Scranton. Raves were the perfect place to catch indecent prey. Everyone was so high, they never even noticed when their girlfriends disappeared. That and the orgies in the bathroom were always worth joining. 
	When Ratel looked in the mirror, he swore a Cullen was staring back at him. The mystery of Robert Pattinson’s sparkle was now settled. Glitter. 
VII
	With both their lives in utter turmoil, Landon and Katrina hid out in the bookstore for hours reading in silence. Katrina was overwhelmed by the amount of information dropped on her. Not only was she going to have to learn how to track and find vampires, she also needed to learn how to kill them. After she mastered the art of hunting vampires, Lady Eleanor would begin her training. And then she had to digest the fact that she was going to live to be two thousand years old. 
	Landon broke the silence around two. “Katrina, I’m starving. You want to grab some pizza?” 
	“Not really, but we need to eat.”
	About halfway between the bookstore and the pizza shop, Draco called.  “Why, hello, Uncle Draco,” Landon’s answer dripped with dissention.
	“Where are you, Landon?”
	“Katrina and I decided to make a special trip to New York City to see a very old friend of mine,” Landon said.
	“You and Katrina really need to come home. It’s not safe for either of you to be roaming the city right now,” Draco blurted. Regaining himself he continued, “I assume if you spent the day with Lady Eleanor, you know everything.”
	“Oh, not everything. I still don’t understand why you would keep so much from me.” Landon said, speaking much faster than normal. “Do you know Katrina almost died twice! Where were you then? I guess it would have been better for you if she had died. Then I would never have learned the truth.”
	“Now, wait one minute, Landon,” Draco interrupted. “Katrina always had someone watching over her. Please, come home so we can talk about this.”
	“No, I just don’t think I can do that, Draco.”
	“Fine. If you two insist on staying in New York, at least go hide out in my apartment. The key is under the mat. There is a switch inside the door that lowers a silver barricade across the door that will keep you safe,” Draco said before he hung up. 
	Landon set the phone on the dash before he spoke. “Well, we just got permission to stay out all night. Whatcha wanna do?”
	“I want to find out about Edmond, Landon.”
	“We will order our pizza to go and head over to Draco’s apartment.” By this time, they were pulling into the parking lot. Landon leaned across the seat and Katrina gave in to the hard passionate kiss.
	“Alright, Loverboy. Run in and order our pizza. I think I’m just going to sit here a minute and reflect.” 
	“I’m not sure that’s a good idea. Draco said it’s not safe for us to even be in the city. I don’t think leaving you in the truck alone is a good idea,” Landon pleaded.
	“Fine, Landon.” On the way into the small restaurant, Katrina caught a few whispers from across the street. She couldn’t quite make out the words but the underlying malice made her blood cool. “Did you lock the truck? I don’t want our books to disappear,” she asked Landon, who pulled his keys out and clicked the button. 
	The wind carried the faint smell of corrosion and blood across the parking lot as Landon opened the door for Katrina. A shiver went up her spine and for some reason she thought of the Ouroboros tattoo. She opened her mouth to ask Landon to hurry when she was cut off by a pretty little blond wearing way too little clothing for the cool October weather. 
	“Landon, I’m so sorry to hear about Janie. How are you doing?” 
	“What news, Cari? Janie disappeared weeks ago. They say she left a note.” Landon answered as he wrapped an arm around Katrina eliciting a scowl from the under dressed girl. 
	“I guess you haven’t heard,” she muttered through her hand. “Rumor is the police found her body.” 
	Katrina was appalled by this bouncy blonde. She almost seemed happy to tell Landon his girlfriend was dead. It just pushed Katrina over the edge when the little bimbo stood on her tiptoes and pressed her body against Landon’s opposite side. “If there is anything I can do, just call,” she whispered in his ear before shaking her ass away. 
	“Holy crap, Landon. I don’t know whether to comfort you about Janie or punch that little slut in her face.” Landon could only stare at Katrina. It was clear that pizza was out of the question. 
	“Come on, we can find a drive-thru.” 

VIII
	Despite his namesake, Ratel crept up to the coal breaker full of nervous tension, startling at every little sound in the darkness. If Terrence captured him, he would be put in the cage to desiccate as a warning to all other rogue vampires. Once he emerged from the catwalk that ran alongside the broken down conveyor belt, he was almost positive Terrence hadn’t followed him. 
	Just to be sure, he scaled the machinery to watch for Confederation trackers. Below him were the darkened exit of the catwalk and the contrasting glow of the coal chute. Spotlights loaded with black light bulbs pointed into the oversized slide illuminating the neon green and pink glow in the dark paint. What a play it was on the senses to move from one to the next. 
	From his seat, Ratel could watch as groups came out the catwalk to jump into the chute leading to the main party level. If he twisted just right, he could even watch as the ladies landed on the shaker tables with their skirts folded up over their midsection. 
	Giggling and shrieking poured from the mouth of the catwalk calling Ratel’s undivided attention to the exit. An unusually large group of teenagers emerged from the mouth and gathered together at the top laughing and poking at each other a bit more. Silent as a cat, Ratel fell from his seat in the center of the group and watched them scatter away, tripping over themselves in the process. Laughing, he jumped into the coal chute and disappeared into the growing crowd. 
	The teens of this decade really knew how to throw a rave. Everything from the ridiculous laser lights to the subtle black lights did wonders for Ratel’s gloomy mood. The only thing missing was fire sprinklers spraying blood on the crowd. Lucky for him, there was enough blood pumping through the hundreds of humans jumping and dancing to the music to magnify his ever present bloodlust.  
	Ratel took center stage. The black light caused his undead skin to glow while the strobe lights created millions of little beacon lights from the glitter. Girls flocked to him by the dozens where he perched on a railing. The first couple groups ran off giggling before any promising opportunities arose. 
	For the first time in weeks, Ratel was content to just be. Somewhere in the back of his mind, he knew he wasn’t there for the party. That didn’t keep him from watching the party swirl around him. Momentarily, his bloodlust dissipated and he even forgot about his new existence as an undead sycophant. 
	From across the room came the tail end of a conversation between three glowing girls.
	“Go talk to him.”
	“And say what? Hi, my name is Chloe. Wanna sneak off?”
	“Why not?” said the third girl.
	“Because that’s ridiculous.”
	“Don’t be such a weenie, Chloe.”
	“How about we go with you,” suggested the first.
	Ratel poked around in Chloe’s head as she came toward him. She was so excited and nervous that her thoughts were running together faster than he could catch them. He could see her hands trembling and hear her heart beat harder the closer she came. The girls on either side of her were just as nervous. He could smell the cold sweat running down the spine of the first girl. The other two didn’t realize she planned to take the sparkled wonder for her own. 
	“Well, good evening, ladies,” Ratel said.
	The trio could do nothing but giggle in return.
	“What can I do for you?” he asked receiving colorful thoughts. 
	It was the third girl who spoke first. “We wondered if you’d like to sneak off with us. Erika knows a sweet spot we can hide out in.”
Chloe glared at her friends. They always do this! 
	Ratel bent to Chloe’s ear and whispered “the more the merrier” causing the girl's face to flush a deep red.
	Having the girls clustered so close reignited his bloodlust and he let Erika lead the way to her secret hideaway. When they reached the entrance to the boiler room, Ratel stepped forward and pulled the rusted door open with little trouble. He held it wide for the girls to pass through, touching each gently on their hind end as they passed. The clever predator paired the seemingly innocent gesture with the vivid image of her deepest desire. 
	When he finally pulled the door closed trapping the four of them together, each was ready for him. They had no idea through their drug induced fog that they were crawling to their untimely death. 
	Ratel quickly bit two girls to induce their poison inflicted comas until he came to the first girl. She wasn’t any prettier than the others but she possessed the most wonderful fuck me face he’d ever seen on a mark. Plus she’d already stuffed a wandering hand into his undone pants. He lay back and allowed her to do her thing. Seconds before he was ready to burst with juices, he clamped his hands on the back of her head and pushed his poison down her throat. 
	Amazed by how well she took it, Ratel pulled the girl from the boiler and parted the crowd with her hanging over his shoulder not caring what these drugged out teenagers thought of him. 
	With her shoved into a gutted electrical cabinet, Ratel returned to the party upstairs. In the minutes of his absence, the floor had flooded with more warm bodies. The mingling of fragrances was driving him mad and with each new scent, he had to push himself to continue walking and not drain some pretty little virgin. When the sun broke above the houses to the east, Ratel was halfway to his burrow, stumbling through a euphoric fog.  

October 15

I
	By the time Edmond had everything ready to leave for Plymouth, it was close to two in the morning. Common sense told him to go to bed and drive in the morning while his self-preservation put him in the car. The drive was a short five hour trip to the everyday traveler. To the man looking for a way to save his own life, 324 miles can be driven in less than four hours with the cruise control set to ninety. Even with the typical Waterbury traffic jam, he found himself standing over Plymouth Rock as the sun poked above Cape Cod Bay casting an eerie glow on Cole’s hill behind him. 
	Edmond leaned his abdomen against the railing of the rock’s enclosure and peered into the oversized hole. Stamped into the rock was the year 1620, the year the Pilgrims landed on the rock and most likely the most defining moment in New England history. He laughed to think this was one of the largest icons in America. 
	Turning his back to the Roman style cathedral protecting the stone, Edmond took stock of his surroundings. The lush green hill across the road was split by a set of stone steps leading to the top. From where he stood, he could see the Massasoit statue to the left. Sprinting to the top proved his deepest fears to be reality. All that remained was a small monument to James Cole and a tomb of lost lives. He dropped to one knee in despair. With his head in his hands, he could only wonder and worry about what was next. 
	He stood wiping the embarrassing tears from his face and looked back to the sarcophagus. By this time, the full circle of the sun was resting on the harbor, its brilliant morning rays shining on the inscription like a brilliant theatre spotlight. In this odd new light, a few of the words took on a crimson glow. Edmond, not carrying the hunter gene, wasn’t quite sure how to interpret the glow of the letters but he knew it was of some significance.
	In the fraction of a minute it took Edmond to reach into his pocket for his phone, the whole inscription shimmered and returned to its previous state. The only choice he had was to snap a few pictures and be on his way. 
	He had put so much faith in finding a building of some kind standing in this location, that he hadn’t considered what he would do if he found empty land. Now he found himself driving aimlessly around Plymouth with exhaustion setting in. Oftentimes, the delirium associated with lack of sleep is just what a person needs to kick start good ideas. He was in Plymouth. Surely the local historical society had logs of immigrants and founding families.  
	With that thought in mind, Edmond pulled into the first flea bag hotel he came to and went to bed. 

II
	The last thing Ratel wanted to do was fetch comatose girls from the colliery. He’d heard that cops had shown up right before sunrise and arrested dozens of drugged party goers. Boyfriends, now coherent and sober, were reporting their girlfriends missing. Last I saw, she was talking to a tall guy covered in glitter. Lucky for them, the glitter covered any defining characteristics thus impairing a beneficial description. 
	As if it weren’t enough to be forced into the shadows by the hordes of canvasing police, Ratel also had to keep an eye out for Terrence. By now, he was sure to have heard about the girls missing from the rave and connected the dots. 
	He perched in a broken window of an adjacent structure watching the cops march around like diligent little ants collecting grains of evidence. He wondered how many of these filthy pigs would stand their ground if he dropped between them. He didn’t typically consider the consequences of his actions and doing so left him squirming in his window. As wonderful as it would be to see the pigs squeal away, Terrence was too close for comfort.
	Out of the corner of his eye, Ratel noticed a lone woman dressed in civilian clothes moving toward the precious third of his ménage a trois. Even without the uniform, Ratel could tell at first glance that this woman was a cop. He wasn’t sure if it was her boring gray slacks and white blouse or the tight braid in her hair but everything about her screamed cop.  
	Frozen in fear, Ratel watched as she moved. Digging into her mind revealed her intentions. She’d noticed an eerie green glow emanating from the cracks of the cabinet and assumed something was amiss within. More worrisome for Ratel was her assumption that this problem was not of natural sources. 
	How could I be so stupid to leave all that glowing jewelry on her? Ratel knew he was about to lose a precious commodity to a ridiculous human guard but he couldn’t shake the feeling that this may be a scout for Terrence. 
	As she began to twist the handle of the cabinet, Ratel couldn’t take it anymore. He jumped across the open space between the buildings landing with a soft thump on the crumbling floor above the cabinet. He remembered slamming the cabinet door with enough force to twist the frame and jam it shut but if this woman had any superhuman abilities, she would have no trouble opening it. 
	A quick sweep of the building indicated that this cop was working on her own accord and would not be missed. Maybe the boss could use a cop on his team. 	Working in preternatural speed, he fell through a hole in the floor and yanked the door clear off the cabinet and flung Erika over his shoulder before grabbing the cop sinking his teeth into her arm and tossing her over the other shoulder.

III
	Runaway rays of sun found a gap in the curtains and rained across Katrina’s face. When she finally opened her eyes, she was a bit disoriented. Awareness renewed all the horrible revelations of the previous day. She wasn’t just a vampire hunter but the predecessor to all to come. 
	Katrina stood from the couch and began her search for Landon. He wasn’t out of place at the kitchen table but where he typically kept his plate sat a battered laptop. The tears streaming down his face were even more disturbing. She turned a chair to face him and sat down. 
	Landon stared at the fuzzy black and white image of a young woman on the screen in front of him. “All she wanted was to get away. Her life was so horrible and now she’s dead.” Landon hit the backspace on the keyboard and turned the computer to Katrina. “Read.”
	When Katrina was finished reading the article, she met Landon’s eyes. “It was a vampire, Kat.”
	“There is no proof that it was a vampire. All it says is she had a ghastly laceration on her neck. She was also found in a dump. Anything along the way could have caused that.” Katrina wanted to say the gash could have come from a transfer in a garbage truck but she knew that would be too much for Landon to digest.  
	“I know you aren’t that naive.” Landon snapped, immediately regretting it. “I’m sorry. It’s just that I dropped her off at her front door after talking about forever. She wouldn’t have run away. Something must have taken her.”
	Katrina didn’t want to admit it, but this conversation made her want to stomp from the room and go home to her psychotic brother. Her possible boyfriend had been discussing spending forever with another girl not even two weeks prior. 
	Swallowing her pride, Katrina tried to focus on the issue at hand. “I know how much this must hurt, Landon, but it’s not your fault and there’s nothing you could have done to prevent it from happening.”
	“You’re right, Katrina. Nothing I could have done would have changed things. My mother’s actions could have been different.”
	“How so?”
	“If she hadn’t allowed vampires into our house, maybe this wouldn’t have happened.”
	“I can see how you would feel that way, but your mother didn’t do this. And I don’t believe she asked to become a vampire. She’s doing the best she can, Landon.”
	“Seriously? You are going to sit here and defend her? After all the lies?”
	“She may have lied to you about being a vampire, but I don’t believe she would have taken Janie away from you.”
	Landon stood up from the chair and walked to the refrigerator. It made Katrina feel better to see him rummaging inside but rebroke her heart when he closed it empty handed. “Landon?”
	“This is just so much to process.”
	“Yes, it is. Who would have believed we would be dealing with so much?” Katrina stood to meet Landon in his pacing. She placed both hands on his chest and peered into his eyes. “We still have each other though. It’s not much, but it’s better than nothing.”
	“Will you go to the funeral with me?” Landon asked.
	“Yes. After everything you have done for me these last two weeks, I would do anything for you,” Katrina answered before changing the subject. “Now how about we head out for some breakfast?”
	“That sounds like a good idea,” Landon replied. “Are you ready to start digging into Edmond’s past?”
“I don’t think that is a subject I will ever truly be ready for, but to answer your question, yes it is time to find the truth about my brother and what he’s been hiding. The books are on the floor next to the couch. If you will grab them while I use the bathroom, we can head out.”
	Nearly two hundred years of life worked wonders for Draco’s bank account allowing him to live in the pricy Manhattan neighborhood with its plethora of mom and pop restaurants alongside every fast food restaurant the world had to offer.  Katrina, being unaccustomed to such possibilities, was overwhelmed by the choices and fell back on the comfort of a small time coffee shop. 
	Books spread across the table and coffee in hand, Katrina felt very much at home in a strange new world. Judging by the spread of books, the world was much stranger than she thought and the extents Edmond had gone through to hide it proved that it was in no way new. 
	Stuck in the books Katrina received from the	 old guide was a thin and somewhat disheveled spiral notebook that appeared to serve as a brief biography of Edmond as written by Lady Eleanor. It was jammed with newspaper clippings and school work. Every few pages, an 8x7 photo stuck out past the end of the pages serving as a birthday marker.
	The first fifteen years of Edmond’s life were just like any other child. It didn’t hit Katrina until Edmond’s fourteenth birthday photo that the older people standing with Edmond were not Katrina’s parents. She flipped back to the front cover to reread the biographical data scribbled inside it. “Landon, come look at this.”
	Landon came around the table to look at the paper over Katrina’s shoulder. “I’m not sure what I’m supposed to see, Kat.”
	“Look here at the name of his parents. Patrick and Edith Freeport.” Katrina rifled through the stack of books and pulled out a matching spiral with her own information. “Look at the names of my parents. John and Patricia Cole.”
	“Edmond isn’t your bother?” Katrina nodded and Landon continued. “But look at the names. Patrick and Patricia. Could they have been siblings?”
	“I guess they could have been. That still doesn’t explain why he would lie to me about something like that.” Katrina flipped back to the page she’d been reading and Landon took it upon himself to research Patrick and Patricia Freeport. After no more than five minutes, Landon was able to prove Patrick and Patricia were fraternal twins.
	“Well, here is your proof. Edmond is your cousin. His father was your mother’s twin brother.” When Landon looked to Katrina, all the color had rushed from her face. “Kat, you look like you’ve seen a ghost. What’s wrong?”
	Katrina pushed Edmond’s spiral across the table and pointed at the article stapled to the page. The headline read House Fire Claims Family of Five. “According to this, Edmond should be dead. Is it possible that he could be a vampire?”
	“I don’t know, Kat.”

IV
	While Katrina and Landon were sitting in cushy chairs in Manhattan watching their lives fall apart around them, Draco and Emily were rearranging the house. As if uprooting her children weren’t enough, Emily was now moving their rooms around while they were at school. She knew Hope wasn’t going to take it well and it might just trigger the downfall of their relationship, but this was for the best for everyone. 
	“What’s the plan, love?” Draco asked his very stressed out moving partner.
	“I think first we should move Katrina’s stuff into Hope’s room to get it out of storage. Before we can do that, we have to rearrange Hope’s stuff to make more room. Let’s start there,” Emily said.
	Draco caught Emily in his oversized bear paws and drew her close to him. “Listen to me, Emily. I know you feel like the whole world is crumbling around you because it is.” 
	“That’s encouraging-” Emily interrupted before Draco quieted her with one finger on her lips.
	“Let me finish. Instead of dwelling on the negativity of the situation look to the future. What do you see?”
	“I don’t know Draco. We don’t have time for this.”
	“I beg to differ. You and I have nothing but time. Now, what do you see?”
	“I guess I see Hope’s wedding. Maybe Asher’s grandchildren. But Landon and Katrina’s whole future is a blur,” Emily answered with tears in her eyes.
	“Landon and Katrina are at a huge crossroads in their lives. We must leave them to their choices and trust that we have steered Landon down the correct path.” 
	“What about Francesca’s threat, Draco?” Emily blurted.
	“We can only hope for the best, love. Between you, Jean Claude and I, he should be perfectly protected. Trust in your parenting.”
	“My parenting has nothing to do with that psychotic bitch’s evil plan! She said he would be one of us by the next full moon and empty threats are not her forte.” Emily looked up into Draco’s large puppy dog eyes and all her anger melted away. “You’re right, Draco. Maybe we should wait until the time comes to cross that bridge.”
	“Do you want to know what I see?” Draco asked. “I see you and me sitting on the front porch covered with generations of grandchildren for centuries to come. You will get to experience something no other mother in the history of children has experienced. You will get to see your grand-daughter’s grand-daughter married.”
	Draco wiped away the tears streaming down Emily’s cheeks before leaning down to meet her upturned face. “With that new perspective, let’s see how we are going to fit two beds into these rooms. How do you think Hope would like bunk beds?”
	“Very funny, Draco,” Emily said. 
	It took a few hours to stuff two full size beds and two dressers into Hope’s bedroom. Neither girl was going to be happy to lose their night stand and desk but they were just going to have to make do until the situation blew over and Tatum returned to New York. 
	Landon and Asher’s merger would be more permanent considering Edmond’s death wish for Katrina. Luckily, Asher already had a set of bunk beds. Emily paused with her hand on the door knob, “You know this room is trashed, right. We are going to need a snow shovel to get to the furniture to move it.”
	“Aww, come on. It can’t be that bad. Open the door.” The room was actually worse than Emily expected. She knew the boy ate a lot but judging by the food wrappers scattered across the desk the kitchen was probably empty. “Alright, I concede. Do you think he has any clean clothes?” Draco asked.
	“I will go get trash bags and a few laundry baskets. You just start kicking everything toward the door.  Scream if you find a dead body,” Emily chuckled.
	Draco stood in the center of the room looking for a starting point. It might be easier to throw everything away and buy all new stuff.  With that thought in mind, Draco’s eyes wandered up the wall. At first, it just looked like Landon had drawn a random tree on the wall in a fit of boredom. That was until he noticed the names written on the leaves, all different forms of the present name Cole. 
	“Why haven’t you done anything?” Emily said on return. “Draco, what are you staring at? Please tell me Landon hasn’t taken to drawing on the walls again.”
	“No, Emily. It’s a tapestry of some kind. Look closer.” Draco grabbed Emily’s arm and moved her until she was standing next to him. “Look at the names.”
	“Is this the legendary Cole family I’ve been hearing so much about?”
	“Yes, but the tree is lopsided. Look at the base of the tree. This whole half of the tree branches out from this one name, Eleanor. The other half has yet to be developed but Katrina’s name is written into the mother’s space,” Draco pointed out.
	“Are you telling me this single child is not simply a hunter or a guide but the mother of all future vampire hunters? That would answer why Francesca is so worried about her existence.”
	“That is assuming she knows who Katrina is. Didn’t Jean Claude say something about Francesca’s shock when he told her what Katrina had found? If Francesca knew Katrina were in fact a hunter and a Cole at that, she would have ordered her killed, not followed.”
	“I guess I hadn’t thought of it that way,” Emily said. “As interesting as this whole discovery is, we really need to get to work before Tatum and Asher get home. It’s already noon.” 
	Emily’s mind ran rampant with possibilities and bad omens as she and Draco silently cleaned out Landon’s room and switched the beds. She wanted so badly to tear the tree from the wall and burn. 
	She waited until all of Asher’s belongings were relocated into Landon’s bedroom to ask the question. “What makes you think this teenage Cole won’t come into our home and kill us? She is training to kill vampires, is she not?”
	“Love, she isn’t training for anything. Right now, she is probably sitting somewhere in New York wondering how her whole life was thrown into chaos,” Draco said. 
	Draco was saved from the uncomfortable topic of Katrina by a loud thud in the living room. Emily jumped down the stairs to find Asher standing in the living room over an overstuffed backpack. 
	“What was that?”
	“Sorry Mom. I dropped my backpack. We have a report due on Monday so the class went to the library.”
	“Ok, pick it up. We have company coming any minute and I need to talk to you first.” 
	Emily had just finished explaining the situation to Asher when Tatum arrived. Not wasting any time, Emily ushered Tatum upstairs to explain the families living situation. In her absence, Asher turned to his Xbox and Draco disappeared out the front door.

V
Draco knew if he was going to be responsible for Katrina’s life to both Francesca and Emily, he needed to know exactly what he was up against so he ventured back to the cabin to see what he’d overlooked.
Any intruder walking in the front door would feel the warmth of a family home. Pictures and childhood memorabilia lined the small foyer. Most were candid photos of Katrina at the beach supporting Edmond’s façade. The beach seemed like an odd choice for someone as afraid of the world as Edmond was for Katrina. 
The stairwell told the story of Katrina’s life in pictures beginning with the day they moved into the cabin. Draco was surprised to see the story reach an abrupt end about three steps from the top. The last picture was of Katrina kicking a soccer ball in the back yard. Judging by the long orange braids flailing behind her and the oversized glasses resting on her nose, the child was no older than thirteen. What happened four years ago? Draco thought as he stared at the young girl.  
Hoping his bedroom held a clue to Edmond’s instability, Draco pushed open the door until it stopped with a thud. With a hand still firmly pressed against the door, he looked in to find the grody little room Edmond inhabited. He couldn’t help but wonder if Emily did in fact own a snow shovel. 
One step into the room proved Draco’s underestimation of the space as his shoe slid across something slick on the floor. The red liquid caused him to cringe while his instincts reminded him of the physical reaction he would have had to blood in the room. And what was that smell? It was a mixture of dead animal and a molding bowl of cereal. 
Draco ceased breathing to keep from vomiting and forced himself further into the room. He didn’t have a clue what he was looking for but he knew he needed to find something fast or risk losing his lunch in the mess, not that anyone would notice. 
The array of loose paper that littered the yellowing mattress was a clear indication that Edmond didn’t sleep in this room and most likely used it for little more than an oversize trashcan. Human needs require at least a few hours of sleep at night. Either Edmond was no longer human or he slept elsewhere. 
A mere three minutes in the room was more than Draco could handle. He quickly scooped all the papers off the bed adding them to a large stack of printed pages he’d found on the bureau and headed for the door to be forced back in by the sound of the front door slamming. 
The intruder bounded down the stairs to find a vacant room where he threw a few books at the wall before leaving the way he came.  The two minutes he thrashed around the room were spent in such anger that he didn’t bother to notice he wasn’t the only undead being in the cabin. At the sound of the front door reopening and closing, Draco burst from the room gulping for untainted air.
Reading Katrina’s story backwards, Draco made his way back downstairs. About halfway, a face in the background caught Draco’s attention. The ancient woman had gray hair pulled back into a tight bun and carried a camera of her own. Looking back through, Draco was able to find her in each photo. A few times, Lady Eleanor was seen writing in a spiral notebook. Other times, she was accompanied by another bright haired individual. Draco removed each photo from its frame quickly numbering the back to keep its place in order. 
Back at the bottom of the stairs, Draco took note of the lowering sun. Pulling his phone from his pocket, he dialed Emily’s phone number. “Where are you Draco? Dinner will be on the table in ten minutes.”
“I know, Love, but you are going to have to eat without me tonight.”
“Draco, that wasn’t part of the agreement. If you are going to be part of this family, that means you have to endure all the parts, not just the ones you feel comfortable with. Plus Landon and Katrina are home,” Emily nagged.
“I have not forgotten my place, Emily. You are going to have to trust that what I’m doing is necessary. Give the kids my love. I will be home soon.”
“Be sure to bring a good excuse with you, Draco,” Emily said before hanging up.
Draco slid his phone back into his pocket with a sigh. I have a good excuse, Emily. I’m trying to save your family’s bond, he thought stepping through the living room doorway. 
Edmond’s homey atmosphere drizzled from the foyer and into the living room. The mantelpiece was littered with more photos of Katrina. Lady Eleanor was present in each public photo but the photos at home now featured a new person standing in the shadows. This individual appeared to be in his mid-thirties with a full head of nearly black hair. His darkly tanned skin told the story of an outdoorsman. The face was startlingly familiar belonging to someone of threat yet Draco couldn’t grasp who the man was. Draco plucked the photo from the mantle and held it closer. The unnatural glow of the skin and heightened luster of the eye were specific vampire characteristics. 
How could Edmond allow his vampire buddy so close to Katrina knowing his intentions? Again, Draco took the photos from the frames and added them to his growing stack. 
The rest of the room was bare aside from a large overflowing bookshelf. Draco pulled a book wrapped in a flower printed dust jacket expecting the inside to give gardening advice. When he opened to a random page in the middle, he was hit with a grotesque image of a vampire hunched over what could only be a heap of bloody rags. 
Each book Draco pulled from the shelves had a homey dust jacket to hide whatever grotesque scenes were inside. Cook books covered burning witches. Art anthologies hid zombies. Interior design disguised werewolves. Edmond’s collection of paranormal resources was mind boggling. Draco couldn’t help but wonder if this idiot really believed there was such thing as werewolves or if it was just a means to hold off the mysterious stranger with useless information.
In consideration for Emily’s anger and his sex life, Draco decided to forgo the kitchen and head for the basement. Knowing that Katrina wasn’t allowed in the basement, Draco expected to find a slovenly mess. What he found instead was a small office in perfect order with exception for the books the visitor had thrown across the room. Edmond had even taken the time to clean up his tantrum induced mess before fleeing to Plymouth.
Three walls were covered with floor to ceiling shelving while the other appeared to be oversized cork boards holding everything from small post-its, to newspaper clippings and a hand drawn coats of arms. 
Contrary to the books in the living room, Edmond didn’t bother disguising anything in the basement. Titles and authors were readily available on the exposed spines of one wall while the opposing wall held piles of ancient journals. Edmond must have spent his life’s work collecting these family heirlooms.
Draco lifted a random leather bound journal off a teetering pile and was surprised to find another coat of arms stitched into the front. Looking closer helped to tie it to the plethora of coats of arms allegedly belonging to the Cole Legacy. Each and every image thus far portrayed a bull passant and a demi dragon. Some were quartered to include other family icons such as this particular journal which was quartered with a demi lion.
The sound of his cell phone ringing startled Draco and he dropped the book with a loud thud on the cement floor. Expecting Emily, he pulled the phone from his pocket to see it was Landon calling. “Hello?”
“Hey, Draco. I just wanted to thank you for letting us stay in your apartment,” Landon said. “I was wondering how you felt about letting us stay there again on Saturday.”
“You should probably talk to your mother about that, Landon.”
“Hear me out,” Landon begged. “They found Janie’s body at a dump this week and her funeral is Saturday in Connecticut and Katrina has an appointment Sunday afternoon in the city. If we could just stay at your apartment, we wouldn’t have to drive back home overtired to turn back Sunday morning.”
“Are you going to tell your mother?” Draco asked.
“Eventually.” Landon said. 
Draco wanted so badly to lecture the boy about respecting his mother and how much she worries but when he looked about him, he decided it would be so much easier to hang up. “Fine, Landon,” was all he could muster. He knew they would have to discuss last night’s conversation at some point just not while he stood amidst yet another lie. 

VI
	Terrence was both shocked and grateful for Jean Claude’s tip about the odd garden in the woods. With twilight looming, Terrence watched the garden from the trees above, disgusted by what he’d become. In all the years of his existence, never one time was he forced to perch like a vulture waiting for dead meat. 
	The lowering sun called to the dependents of the forest awakening them to the night. A howl sailed across the vast forest and exploded in Terrence’s ears startling him from his perch. Feeling ridiculous, he picked himself up off the ground and moved inside the fence. 
	Jean Claude gave Terrence just enough information to know what the garden was used for but not enough to prepare him for what he saw. He couldn’t believe Ratel had evolved to such a devastating threat upon the Confederation in such a short life span. The typical vampire spends centuries acquiring enough land and financial stability to begin creating an organization of their own. Judging by the surroundings, Ratel had acquired the goals of a mature vampire in a mere decade.
	It wasn’t just the existence of the garden devoted to the First Blood sacrifice that bothered Terrence so deeply. He had also gone to painstaking lengths to ensure everything in the garden was also deadly to any wanderer. Terrence had never before witnessed such a bouquet of savage plants. Wolfsbane encircled the garden to debilitate the vampire hunter and Night Phlox meant to attract and trap pretty young virgins ran parallel to the center fountain. 
	The most disturbing botanical find for Terrence was the many species of datura planted throughout the garden. Vampires have been notorious for drugging humans with Devils Weed to keep them delirious for one of two reasons. To keep them from fleeing before their sacrifice in the First Blood or as a means of keeping them sedated to be used as a long term blood supply. 
	Terrence soon realized that despite the ridiculous levels of protections placed on the garden to ward off intruders, he could not locate an entrance to a safe house for fledglings in the last stages of transformation. Surely, Ratel didn’t expect his fledglings to dig back into their graves each dawn for seven days. 
	He observed the vast garden until a glowing sliver of moon poked through a gap in the trees overhead. Chances were Ratel was well on his way to torturing young girls by now but Terrence wasn’t willing to take his chances in the dead of night. He might have more than six hundred years of life on Ratel, but Ratel was vicious enough to kill without remorse and dirty enough to attack from behind.
	Embarrassed and ashamed, Terrence fled to the safety of his little office and the comfort of being a vampire myth.  


October 16

I
	My first morning in the Anderson house was chaos to say the least. Seven people under one roof should definitely have more than one bathroom; especially when Hope is one of those people. I expected to wake up and have to listen to Hope criticize everything I tried to wear but she was nice enough to cut out the middle man. She woke me up at six slamming around in the closet, “If you want to take a shower, I suggest you hurry along. I don’t plan to cut my routine for you.”
	I wish I could say I was hurt by the anger in her voice, but I wasn’t. I was just happy she was courteous enough to warn me. When I returned to the room, wet and drippy under my robe, I was relieved that Hope had thrown clothes across the bed. “I figure if you’re going to be representing our family, you should at least look acceptable,” she said as she pushed past me to the bathroom. 
Breakfast was another adventure altogether. Granted a mother who never sleeps has much more time on her hands. The table looked like a scene right out of an episode of Leave it to Beaver. I was unaware there were so many different ways to make pancakes. Or eggs for that matter. 
	Then Draco took a seat next to Asher and filled his plate. The heaping food on his plate was intriguing considering it wasn’t a physical necessity. I nearly choked on my bacon when Draco reached across the table for the orange juice. That stupid tattoo from my dream was right there where I thought it’d be. 
	My eyes flew up to meet his but he wasn’t paying any attention to me. All he could think about was the bacon and eggs in front of him. About this time, Hope made her way down the stairs and took the seat next to me. “Nice outfit. A bit of makeup wouldn’t hurt.”
“Hope Christine, leave Katrina alone. I’m sure this situation is hard enough for her without your contributions,” said Emily from the stove. 
	“Fine, Mom,” Hope replied before turning to me and whispering, “I will help you get ready for the game tonight, though.”
	I nodded in agreement before Landon pulled me from the table to head out to school. I half expected the awkwardness to continue once we got into the truck. “Landon, we’re going to be like thirty minutes early for school.”
	“That will give us time to discuss a few things,” he said.
	“What in the world do we have to discuss? I think we hit all the high points of our loving vampire families last night.”
“Kat, stop deflecting,” he warned. “I was thinking about this whole Edmond situation last night. I don’t think your brother is a vampire and I’m not convinced he burnt his own house down. According to the article, he was only sixteen but the oldest of three children. Didn’t we read somewhere that vampire ideology says a human under the age of eighteen will die when flooded with poison?”
	“I believe so. What’s your point?”
	The school grounds had an eerie feel so early in the morning. Landon pulled the truck into a random spot in the empty parking lot and killed the engine. “I believe your mother was the only living relative when Edmond’s parents died. What if some rogue vampire on a mission killed his whole family to plant a mole in your home?”
	I couldn’t believe what I was hearing. “It’s not bad enough that my single living relative has been lying to me my whole life but now you are going to tell me he killed my parents too! That’s absurd, Landon. And hurtful.”
	I opened the door to stomp off to the school but Landon basically threw himself across me and slammed the door back. “Just hear me out, Kat. First of all, I love you and I would never hurt you that way. Secondly, my parents are vampires and liars too. Remember, we’re in this together.”
	“You love me?” I stuttered knowing that this should not be the focus of the conversation. 
	“Yes, Katrina. Why else would I do so much for you? I’m not sure why I feel this way, but I do. Now focus.” 
	Of course I couldn’t focus. My whole life was a lie. No other living thing on the face of the Earth loved me. I didn’t even have a cat. In the heat of the moment, I grabbed Landon’s face and kissed him and didn’t let go until Hope rapped on the window. 
	Landon grabbed my hand on the way into the school and for the first time, I didn’t feel the urge to pull away. Whispering, I asked Landon, “What would be so important in my house for a vampire to plant a mole?” The question was out before I could pull it back in and I was left with Landon staring at me like I was some idiot. “Duh, ME!” 


II
	“I don’t think it was so important that you couldn’t go after the kids were in bed. It was awful, Draco. I had two hysterical sixteen year old girls and no back-up.” Emily said. “Lucky for me, Landon stepped in and took Katrina back out for a few hours and gave me time to talk to Hope.”
	“Did you explain to her that sharing a bedroom is just temporary until Tatum leaves and we can move Katrina into Asher’s room?” Draco asked. 
	“Of course I did. She responded wonderfully. Since I am obviously sleeping with you at night, I need to give her my room and stop hiding my relationship with you,” Emily said. 
	“And you said?”
	“I told her it wasn’t her business. Then she surprised me,” Emily paused to keep the tears from overflowing. “She said it’s been ten years since John’s death and it’s ok for me to move on. She and the boys have talked about it and they are happy for us.”
	Draco’s love for Emily stemmed from her strong will and independence. The day he was sent to relieve Jean Claude of his duties, Emily just went about her day as if two undead beings were not standing in the living room discussing her future and the eminent doom of her children. She knew her abilities as a mother and no stupid man, alive or otherwise, was going to deter that.
Standing in front of Emily as the tears slid down her cheeks was more than Draco could handle. It took a lot for her to give into her emotions but when she did, it was a reminder of just how fragile a woman can be despite all their efforts at shielding it. 
	Where most men ran, Draco stood his ground. “Love, please don’t cry. I know how hard it must be to adapt to the loss of a spouse but…” Draco trailed off unsure how to continue.
	“You big oaf. I’m not crying over my dead husband. I just can’t believe how supportive Hope can be when she’s not being a selfish little twit.”
	That was all Draco needed to push away all self-restraint. He swept Emily off the floor and deposited her into his bed, the very place she was said to belong. “What about Tatum?”
	“Emily, Tatum is human. She is working diligently on your list and won’t hear a peep as long as you think you can be quiet this time.”  
	“Are you saying I’m a freak in the sack?” Emily asked with a playful grin pulling the corners of her mouth. 
	“Well, I wouldn’t expect any different after ten years of abstinence. That and I’m a stud, you know.”
	Emily flipped Draco onto his back and sat on his hardened abs. “Really?”
	“Are you saying you don’t agree?”
“I don’t know. It’s a little sad. What kind of man follows a single mother around for an entire decade just waiting for a chance?”
	Draco couldn’t help but laugh. Emily was trying so desperately to keep a straight face that she didn’t even realize how badly she was failing. In one quick sweep, he lifted her up and tossed her on the other side of the bed pinning her hands above her head at the same time. 
	A brilliant glow came across Emily’s face as Draco ripped her pants off and flung them across the room. “So, I’m pathetic, huh.” 
	“Well, aren’t we feisty today,” Emily growled before pulling from his grip and flinging him onto his back at the foot of the bed. 
	Twenty minutes later, the couple found themselves sprawled across the floor and the entire room in shambles. “So much for quiet,” Emily giggled.
	“I guess it will be easier to move into the same room now that we’ve broken everything in here,” Draco sputtered.
	After a few hysterical minutes, Emily found her clothes within the rubble. 

III
	Edmond didn’t open his eyes to the light of Plymouth until nearly noon. Not because he was so tired that he needed twenty eight hours of sleep, but because he’d woken up around eight the night before and decided he should party a little in his last days of life. 
	The room was now littered with empty alcohol bottles, red plastic cups and still unconscious people. Apparently, when the bars closed the party continued. What did he care. He’d paid cash, given a false identity and would be dead within a week. If management had a problem with it, they could take it up with the passed out party goers.
	Now that the sun was hanging high overhead, Edmond planned to meet his contact to catch a few pieces of missing information. He climbed into his car and flipped open his buzzing phone to hear his contact’s voice. “Mr. Freeport, there has been a change of plans. Would you mind meeting me at the IHOP down the street?”
	“As long as you bring your information, that’s fine,” Edmond replied. “I am headed your way now. I will be there in about fifteen minutes?”
	“Sounds fine,” he said before hanging up.
	Edmond steered his rusted out cavalier into the parking lot of an equally dilapidated restaurant and waited. He didn’t want Mr. Howell to see how desperate he was for information. He figured arriving a few minutes after the historian would give him the upper hand. 
	He picked the phone from the rubbish of the passenger side seat and began to dial Katrina’s phone and thought better of it. As far as Edmond knew, Katrina assumed he was in the basement. They hadn’t spoken much lately so why lead her to believe otherwise. Plus, it’s noon. She’s in school anyway, he thought and dropped the phone back into the seat. 
	Ten minutes was much longer than he planned to sentimentalize about his so called sister and her well-being. By the time he reached IHOP, Mr. Howell was settled comfortably into a booth in the corner, computer open and coffee delivered. 
	Edmond stepped into the restaurant and searched for an old gray haired man in a tweed suit. Not finding him, he asked the hostess to seat him with a Mr. Howell. The man he met couldn’t have been a day over thirty five and had enough technology to run a small school. “You must be Mr. Freeport. It’s nice to finally meet you and in the light of day, no less. Please have a seat.”
	Damn, Edmond thought. “Yes, Mr. Howell. Thank you for meeting with me. I believe my question should be easily answered, being a bit of a historian myself. You see, I’ve been charting the Cole family lineage and I’m having trouble connecting this James Cole to any family lines of the time. It seems he just appeared in the new world.”
	Mr. Howell scoffed at the idea. “It does seem that way, doesn’t it. The truth is the James Cole of seventeenth century Plymouth was disinherited. When he was thrown from the family, any ties he would have had were erased.”
	“You’re telling me no records account for James Cole prior to his arrival in Plymouth?”
	“There is proof he came by way of Saco, Maine but aside from that, no, there’s nothing.”
	“Can they identify what ship he arrived on or maybe who he travelled with?” Edmond inquired further.
	“No, Mr. Freeport. Nothing.” 
	Edmond took a deep breath. “If one were to follow the inheritance line of Cole genealogy backward from New England, where might they begin?”
	“My advice would be to start with Henry Cole. He arrived on the HMS Hercules a few years after James Cole’s arrival to Plymouth. From there he relocated to Connecticut and his family branches out from there all over New England.”
	“Thank you for your help, Mr. Howell.” The historian was so helpful that Edmond regretted the two a.m. call demanding information. 
	“If you have further questions feel free to call during normal daytime hours,” Mr. Howell warned. The men shook hands and Edmond was off. 
	Something about this man just wasn’t right. Edmond couldn’t put his finger on it exactly but, he felt as if he was being led off course. Either way, his best bet was to follow the historian’s direction.

IV
	“Emily, you’ve got to see this,” Tatum said as soon as Emily stepped into the office. 
Emily had expected Tatum to appear at her front door toting a huge desktop computer and boxes of file folders but instead she showed up with a slim MacBook, an Ipad and an external hard drive. She was a walking Apple commercial minus the ridiculous blue t-shirt. Now she sat at Asher’s repurposed desk, her pink hair loosely flowing over her shoulders and a grin spread across her face. 
	“What’s up, Tatum?”
	“These vamps seem to be from all over the America’s. I have only gone through half your list and so far not a single one comes from even the same region.”
	“That’s very interesting. Does anything else stand out?” Emily asked.
	“No, I’m just surprised by the vast time period covered by their births,” Tatum observed as she rifled through the rubbings and picked two from the middle. “Take this headstone. She was born in 2004 in Mexico City but this one here is 1692 in Brazil.”
	Draco entered, “Once you get locations and dates, we should make a line graph to show frequency and I will plot the names across a map to show a path.”
	“Sure will,” Tatum piped. 
	“Emily, I have some things to show you.” Draco said leaving the room with Emily in tow. 
	Draco led Emily into her walk in closet and closed the door. “I think we have broken enough today, don’t you think?” Emily mused.
	“Yes, Love. I just finished cleaning the wreckage and moving Katrina’s belongings into the room. I have something important to show you.” Draco stuck his hand behind Emily’s dangling clothes and pushed on the wall. Emily’s jaw dropped as the hidden door swung inward. 
	Draco continued. “Francesca wanted to be sure anything we found would be safe from your mortal children so she personally spent months searching for a house with the perfect hide away. Come.”
	Emily stepped through her wardrobe into a narrow hallway. A bare bulb hung from the ceiling illuminating a small amount of space ahead. She could see far enough ahead to know there was a sharp bend in the path. It can't be so bad if Draco is leading me on, she thought as she followed behind. In spite of all her efforts, she still couldn’t help but shudder considering the last hidden stairwell led her into an underground torture chamber of the undead. She expected to find stairs to the attic at the bend. Instead, the narrow path wound around the bathroom and down. “Draco, how is this possible?”
	Draco was standing in the center of a six by six room covered in bookshelves. Pointing to each wall one at a time, he explained where in the house they stood. “I assume this used to be a pantry of some kind but now it’s our own secret chamber. The walkway winds between the bathroom and Hope’s closet. The stairwell runs along the existing stairwell. And we are tucked between the first floor powder room on one side, the kitchen on another and the living room on the third side.”
	“Wow, Draco. I love this. In eighteen years, I’ve never had a place to hide from my children,” Emily said as she took in the whole of her surroundings.  “Where did all these books come from?”
	“That’s what I wanted to show you. Every book in this room came from Edmond’s house. I have read through a few sheets of scribbled notes and found that he is searching for a weapon associated with the Cole Legacy. Most of these books are journals belonging to some Cole member over the centuries,” Draco said.
	“Do we know anything about this weapon?”
	“No, but I do believe the answer is hidden in these journals and caused Edmond to disappear to Plymouth. All we have to do is read them all until we get an answer,” Draco huffed. 
	“You also need to take a look at these,” he said, dropping the pile of pictures on the table between them. He stood back and observed the look on Emily’s face as she dug through the photos. At first, she had the look of a sentimental mother wishing her kids were still that small. After a few pictures, however, she caught the pattern. “Who’s the old lady?”
	“That would be none other than the infamous Lady Eleanor of Antiquities Books,” Draco replied.
	“And this vampire is the one Edmond has been working for. Look at the way he stares at Katrina. It’s just so odd,” Emily noted. “Do you think maybe she’s the weapon?”
	“I did consider that but if she were, Edmond wouldn’t still be searching. At first, I thought she was the reason Edmond burnt the house down, but if he were trying to keep the family line from expanding, why would he save her?”
	“What are you talking about?” Draco asked. 
	“Katrina’s house was burnt to the ground when she was two using black powder,” Emily said. 
	Draco nearly exploded, “You didn’t think to tell me that?”
	As Draco paced back and forth in the small space, Emily moved against the shelves and began silently flipping through her lies. She no longer remembered what Draco knew and what he didn’t. All at once he stopped pacing and sat down. “Here’s the deal, Emily. If you expect me to give up everything and join your family, you need to trust me. That means spilling the truth. All of it and now.”
	At the end of the hour, Draco knew everything. She didn’t have too much trouble recounting her new relationship with Terrence or her blood drinking but when she had to tell him about Jean Claude, her heart nearly broke. When she looked up from her hands, Draco was laughing.
	“So, what you’re telling me is you can’t handle your blood? If that’s the case, we need to make hunting a priority,” he chortled. 
	“You aren’t mad?”
	“Mad as in angry no. Mad Hatter insanity, oh yes. Anyone would have to be to happily take on this family,” he said. Emily dropped into his lap and kissed him deeply. He pulled away, “We can’t destroy this room.”
	“Fine,” she said hopping up. “Now, where do we start with the journals?”
	“Actually, we need to look into a house fire first. You see, Edmond’s house was burnt down, too. His parents and two siblings were lost in the fire but he walked out unscathed. I think that’s what these papers are,” he said showing Emily the papers he’d found scattered across the bedroom.
	“Draco, this is a contract signed in blood.”
	“Whose signature?”
	“I can only make out one signature. It says Edmond Freeport. And whoever made this ensured the contract was between Edmond and all vampires. Basically, we know Edmond was in cahoots with a vampire smart enough to mask his identity even in legal binding. How are we supposed to find him now?”
	“I only know of one vampire smart enough to pull such a move. You know she didn’t get to be where she is -“
	“I disagree, Draco. She is too arrogant to allow another vampire to steal her thunder. If she’d recruited Edmond, he would be a vampire and her name would be everywhere. This vampire is trying to cover his tracks,” Emily proposed.

V
	All Terrence could think about in the darkened hours of night was how he left all those graves full of bodies when he should have transferred them to a safer place. That amount of guilt would drive the typical undead to midnight feast. Terrence, however, possessed more restraint than the everyday run of the mill vampire. That is precisely why he turned to a bottle of whiskey instead.
	To make matters worse, he knew he needed to go to Francesca’s office and share his new findings. That meant a face to face with Jean Claude and most likely a well-deserved bloody lip from his sister. 
Terrence tipped the bottle up allowing the last drops to run into his mouth before throwing the empty bottle at the wall spraying glass across the stained linoleum. The sound of shattering glass reverberated through the whole ground floor drawing Jodi from the reception desk. “Terrence, are you ok?”
“I’m fine Jodi. Just call the garage and have a car brought up for me,” he barked.
“Ok,” she whispered before turning from the room. 
“Jodi,” Terrence called. When her mouse like face peeped back in the door he continued. “I didn’t mean to take my anger out on you. It’s just been a rough…” he paused searching for the right word. “You know what, it’s been a tough decade, to be honest,” he said. “I don’t need to rant at you. I will have plenty to rant about in a few hours.” Timid as she was, Jodi disappeared before Terrence had a chance to say anything more. When he passed her desk on his way out, he didn’t even nod in her direction. 
As usual, all the major highways in the state of Pennsylvania were moving at a crawl making an already bad drive excruciating. Terrence felt he was driving into his imminent death. Knowing all the reputable skip tracers were looking for hints about what they now called the NEPA vampire, he considered dumping the car in a ditch and disappearing without a trace for a few hundred years. The thought grew until Terrence had nearly convinced himself to run off the road. 
If it hadn’t been for the young couple working to revive an old beat up Chevy in the ditch, Terrence may have done just that. There was something about the innocence of young humans that caused him to keep driving. If rogue vampires such as Ratel were allowed to run amuck, the world would soon overpopulate with vampires and the Black Plague would rear its ugly head. This planet was created for natural populations, not some undead race that grew out of a ripple in genetic mutation.
The last time Terrence ventured into the city, it was much shorter. Manhattan had drastically transformed in the hundred and thirty years since his last visit; not that he expected to see horses pulling buggies across cobblestone roads in 2012. 
	Emerging from the Lincoln Tunnel was almost overwhelming. The looming heights of the city were unmatched by any he’d seen before. He knew without a doubt that Francesca loved the lights and glamour of the modernized city. She’d always been in search of the spotlight. In such a population, she should have no trouble living in the limelight while keeping her identity discreet.     
	Terrence preferred a much quieter lifestyle. As a mortal, he carried the same vivacious love for life as his sister. After mornings pouring over some royal reading or other, the two would gather their hawks and head out into the Irish forests for an afternoon hunt. Just the two of them, their horses and endless forests before them. That was until the king informed Francesca she was betrothed to a French prince. 
	When Terrence learned of the marriage he immediately began searching for an alternative to losing his sister and partner in crime. “Frannie, what about the Skogsra? You’ve heard the legends, have you not?” At the time, Francesca just laughed at him as if it were a joke. 
	“Are you suggesting we search through all of Scandinavia for a mythical creature that, if found, will condemn you to an eternity of loneliness?” she asked. “That’s ridiculous.”
	“Is it? We would have all of eternity together,” he said, “and Father would have no way to separate us. Once she gives me immortality, I will be able to share it with you.” 
	Francesca just stared at Terrence like he was a crazy fool. “I will not risk losing you to the forest witches, brother.”
	Two months later, the prince arrived with his entourage. Upon their arrival Francesca refused to come from her chambers until the King himself demanded she be seen at court. It was then she first laid eyes on the love of her life. 
	That night, Francesca snuck into Terrence’s chambers and accepted his offer under one condition. He was to allow the prince’s courtier to come along. He was so giddy with excitement that he accepted. 
	Little did he know, the never-ending expanse of time becomes more than bothersome after a few hundred years of filling twenty four hours a day with activity. Francesca created the Confederation out of her need to be on top while Terrence shrunk into her shadow in search of life’s purpose.
	Half a millennium after his creation, his life was still defined by Francesca’s need for the top. He was merely her minion and nothing else. He lived as a myth among the undead as a means to combat the resistance to her name that erupted from suppressed vampires. 
	The city went by in a blur of lights and storefronts as Terrence made his way to the headquarters parking garage. In the dark corner of the garage, he reached into his glove box and withdrew the flask of blood he’d stashed away before leaving the comforts of Scranton. He knew if he were going to make it through an afternoon with Francesca and Jean Claude, he needed to be prepared. He drained the flask and chased it with a few swallows from a more traditional whiskey filled flask. 
	Nerves calmed, he climbed from the driver’s seat and made his way to the revolving doors of the Confederation where he was appalled by the glitz and glamour poured into the lobby alone. When he stepped into the gold plated elevators, he began to fume. How was it that he spent his days in earthen chambers or out of date factory buildings while his creation cloaked herself in such luxuries? 
	“Master Terrence. Madam Francesca was not expecting you. Can I relay a message?”
	“Hello, James. It’s been decades,” Terrence replied. “You may tell my dear sister that I am here to see her and I don’t plan to leave until she concedes.”
	“Yes, Master. If you would like, I can show you into the kitchen while you wait,” James offered.
	“That won’t be necessary, James.”
	Just as Terrence expected, Francesca entered the foyer with the grace of a ram poised for battle. “You should not be here and you know it,” she yelled.
	Keeping his calm, Terrence replied, “I am quite aware of my stature in your so called Confederation, sister. Now, can we be seated, please? We have much to discuss.”
	“There is nothing to discuss. I gave orders and you are to follow them.”
	“It’s time we remember who made who, sister. If you would like to deal with a revolution on your own, by all means continue being a bitch.”
	“Uncalled for, Terrence,” Jean Claude muttered making his presence known.
	“I should have expected to find him here. No matter, he should be part of this conversation as well. Shall we?” Terrence said as he made his way past Jean Claude into the library. “Something isn’t right in the garden.”
	“And you think I care?” Francesca asked. 
	“You should care, sister. I have never seen such a grouping of fledglings in all my 500 years.”
	“I am well aware of the dangers that stupid garden cemetery holds, brother. Jean Claude has informed me. If you’d called, I could have saved you the drive,” Francesca said.
	“I assume he told you the cemetery was created for a true first blood sacrifice, but did he tell you the true extent of the savage garden surrounding it?” Terrence asked.
	Francesca turned toward Jean Claude with a look of condescending dismay. “He told me about the rising roses,” she said. 
	“Whoever planted this garden has a vast knowledge of harmful savage species. Datura is the most obvious. The night phlox surrounding the fountain has me the most concerned. Only the oldest of vampires understand the benefits of virgin blood in the first sacrifice,” Terrence said while briefly considering the implications of the rising roses. They were important in counting the high number of fledglings but he wasn’t going to give Jean Claude any benefits.
	Just as Terrence hoped, Francesca turned to Jean Claude and let him have it. “You dumb fool. How could you overlook these things! I have worked so hard to put us on the map and you are just dragging me down with your stupidity. And don’t think I’ve just overlooked the fact that you still follow that prude bitch around like lost puppy.”
	“I am not your scapegoat, Francesca. We all make mistakes and if you drive that wedge back between us, we will never be able to-”
	“ME!” Francesca growled.
	Terrence slammed his fist on the table. He secretly loved to see the two of them at odds, but it was going to take all three of them to put an end to the vampire behind the savage garden. “Focus on the issue at hand, not your petty love quarrels. I would think after five hundred years, the two of you would have figured out how to love each other peacefully.”
	Francesca and Jean Claude just stared at Terrence, refusing to acknowledge the other. “Sister, I know how much you despise work, but you may actually have to lift your dainty hands and help us demolish the garden.”
	“And there you go thinking you are in charge again. I make the orders around here and you will remember that, big brother,” Francesca announced. “Jean Claude, have fun at your football game tonight. I know how much you love them.”
	“You’re dismissing me?” he asked.
	“Yes. If you are going to be a liability, you are not going to be here,” Francesca said, hiding the pain she felt inside. “I will call for you when you are needed.” 
	Without a look back at his love, Jean Claude exited the fire escape and rose into the air. As usual, Terrence gets his way, he thought. In an instant, Jean Claude knew the best way to return the hurtful blow. I wonder how he will survive without his precious Jodi?
“Terrence, I will take care of the garden situation. Your focus is Ratel.” Terrence opened his mouth to respond but Francesca cut him off. “I don’t really care why you think this stupid garden has so much to do with Ratel, but a vampire as young as him could not have created something of this magnitude. You just deal with him.”

VI
	Through thick and thin, the Andersons have always been able to come together for football and that was just what Emily needed after the week from hell. She was even surprised at the comfort she felt with her new extended family surrounding her. 
	Draco couldn’t shake the overwhelming emotions he felt in seeing Jean Claude sitting so close to Emily. His reasonable side knew there was nothing to worry about but his preternatural instincts wanted to crush Jean Claude like the bug he was. Emily could feel Draco’s jealousy pushing against her as if it were a person of its own. Sliding her arm around his back and scooting as close to him as possible allowed her to whisper in his ear.  “You know that arrangement was out of pure necessity to relieve the urge before the seriousness of my meeting with Terrence. I’m pretty sure destroying a room full of furniture today proves what you and I have is real and unbreakable.”  
	Draco just smiled and pulled her closer. Emily cuddled into his side and asked, “After the game, will you take me hunting?”
	As much as he wanted to pull away from her and remind her of her vow not to hurt a human, he remembered their earlier conversation. “Of course, Emily.”
	“Jean Claude, do you mind hanging out with the kids?” Emily asked.
	Leaning uncomfortably close to Emily, Jean Claude rasped into her ear, “I’m not a fucking babysitter. I’m not sure who you and Francesca think I am, but it’s not my job to protect your snot nosed brats.” 
	Emily pulled back and looked Jean Claude in the eye. She could read right through the bad ass mask. “I don’t know what happened between you and the Snow Queen today, but I have never before asked you to babysit. The kids are not safe alone right now so I’m asking you to hangout in my living room while Draco and I hunt. With all the danger to my children lately, I would like to vamp up so I can be their primary protector. I thought you would appreciate my request to hunt properly.”
	He knew Emily was right. What happened between him and Francesca this afternoon was not anyone’s fault but his own. If he had just been paying more attention to his surroundings, he would have seen everything Terrence saw and he would be the one at Francesca’s side and not that spoiled prince.  Jean Claude opened his mouth to apologize but his voice disappeared in the screaming of the crowd. He looked up to see the team flooding onto the field, Landon’s grinning face tucked in with the flow. 
	Draco remained quiet through Emily and Jean Claude’s exchange but with the roar of the crowd, he was able speak and not be heard by unnecessary ears.  “If you two are done bickering, we have a situation.”
	Emily followed Draco’s gaze to the adjacent fence line. A very attractive young man leaned against the fence with his arms crossed at the top of the chain link highlighting his mark of the undead. He seemed to be intent on watching the game unfold but every few minutes he glared up into the stands at the unconventional Anderson family. 
	Halfway into the first quarter, the man’s presence became too much for Jean Claude and he made his way around the field mumbling the whole way about how much easier it would be to jump across. Emily scanned the crowd in search of more unnaturally beautiful faces and was relieved to find the mysterious stranger was the only undead being aside from herself and her men. 
	They were so caught up in the stranger’s proximity to Landon that Katrina’s terror escaped notice. In fact, Tatum tapped Emily on the knee. Katrina looks as if she’s seen a ghost, Emily. Can you read her? she thought.
	Emily just shook her head in frustration and turned her attention to her son who had just taken a seat on the bench in front of the snake.  Jean Claude had made his way around the field and was leaning against the fence in the same manner. “Your little garden is causing a bit of a rift among members of the Confederation, my friend.”
	“Your precious queen needs to be knocked from her pedestal and I’m not your friend,” he replied. 
	Jean Claude fought the urge to knock this vampire's head right off his shoulders. Through gritted teeth, he administered a nasty threat instead, “If you touch one hair on Francesca’s head, you will be the next to leave this world by means of brimstone and fire.”
	“What an empty threat from such a little man, Jean Claude. I have secrets you never dreamed of, keep that in mind,” the mysterious stranger chuckled. “I suggest you return to your family, son. Your little hunter looks as if she might lose her sanity any minute.”
	“I’m sure Emily has that situation under control. Why are you looming over Landon like he is a mouthwatering steak?”
	“Isn’t he? Just smell that youthful aroma. I’m just not sure how much longer I am going to be able to restrain myself. I just want to sink my teeth into his tender flesh. Imagine how beautiful he would be as an immortal.”
	“Then why plant a garden of the fairer sex?” Jean Claude asked.
	“Only time will tell, little man. Now run along. I have a game to watch.” 
	“Emily, look at his face. He’s the man in the photos. He’s not stalking Landon,” Draco said from the stands.
	It took her a few moments of staring to make the connection. “Oh, Draco. You’re right,” she said nodding to Katrina. 
	“If she has the abilities of the true hunter, she can read every thought in our minds which means she can most likely pluck the specific photograph I’m thinking of right from my brain. You also must consider how detrimental it would be to her if we hide everything. She needs to be able to protect herself.”
	Katrina felt the goose bumps rise on every inch of her skin. She took Draco’s underhanded advice and began digging through both vampires’ thoughts and memories. The information they held inside just brought more questions to Katrina’s mind. How could a vampire have spent the last three years following her and she not know? More importantly, if this was the same vampire she heard threatening Edmond, then there was a chance this stranger was just waiting until she turned eighteen to transform her. 
	Suddenly, Katrina couldn’t help but think of her first quest to the garden. She remembered passing out in the underbrush after touching the wolfsbane and awaking in her own bed. He must have moved me! 
	Katrina looked up to see her adversary had been staring at her. The words exploded in her head. Don’t worry, child, I will get what I want. I always do. He winked and disappeared beyond the bleachers. 
October 17

I
	“So, you’re telling me that he spoke to you from across the football field?” Landon asked. 
	“I tell you that there is a vampire waiting for me to turn eighteen so he can turn me into a blood drinking monster and all you can think to say is he spoke to you?” Katrina snapped.
Landon could already tell it was going to be a horrible weekend. It wasn’t bad enough that he was headed to his former girlfriend’s funeral but his current girl was on edge. He drove in silence as he weighed his options. Choice one, apologize and remind her of all the protection she has or choice two, piss her off more so she will be silent the rest of the trip. He could almost hear the devil on one shoulder and the angel on the other. 
	It will be such a quiet ride.
	But think of the rest of the day.
	“You’re right, Kat. I’m sorry,” Landon said. “But you said yourself that Draco has been assigned to keep you safe and alive. He wouldn’t allow anything to happen.”
	“And where is Draco now, Landon? I can hear Jean Claude’s thoughts in my head all the time but Draco has turned his priorities elsewhere. And let me tell you, I think I would much rather hear Draco 24/7. I want so badly to take Jean Claude by his collar and knock some sense into him,” Katrina said.
	“What do you mean?”
	“Well, he and Francesca have been together since their mortal years.” Katrina turned her attention outside the truck. “Who would he tell, Jean Claude? If it’s such a secret maybe you should find a way to keep your thoughts out of my head!”
	Turning back to Landon, she continued. “I guess this story is best kept for another time. Your thoughts aren’t protected. For once, Jean Claude is right.”
	“Katrina, if Jean Claude is going to be following us everywhere, should we let him into the truck?” 
	“He says no. Well, he said more than no but I refuse to repeat such language. Do you think this crazy vampire is the one who carried me from the garden?” 
	“I wouldn’t think so, Kat. He may be waiting for you to turn eighteen to transform you, but I doubt he would go out of his way to keep you alive. It wouldn’t have hurt you to spend a few passed out hours in the orchard. Whoever moved you either had an emotional attachment or had been ordered to keep you safe.”
	“Edmond wouldn’t have followed me would he? It must have been Draco. He’s the one Francesca assigned to me.” Katrina sat and pondered that night and the next morning while Landon drove in silence. 
	“Katrina, do you think maybe Edmond is off somewhere looking for a way to save you?” Landon asked. 
	“From what I plucked from Draco’s head, Edmond couldn’t care less about me. He’s out searching for some weapon to save his own ass.” Katrina remembered Emily thinking about some contract Edmond signed that bound him to this strange vampire but with Jean Claude hanging on every word, she knew better than to bring it up. 
	“What do you know about this weapon?” Landon asked.
	“I honestly believe I am the weapon. Think about it Landon. What better way to take down a large group of vampires headed by an indestructible being than with an immortal hunter guide laced with vampire powers? If every human ability and emotion is heightened in a vampire, imagine what I would be like as a vampire.” 
	“There is one large flaw in your theory, Kat. You may be the prophetic guide but we have yet to uncover how to kill a vampire. We know how to get past their protective measures and where they tend to hide out. You may have done a little research on the hunter’s runes, but you have yet to learn how to kill them. Explain how you would be helpful in taking down Francesca.”
	“Really, Jean Claude? I have absolutely no interest in killing your precious Queen despite her urge to kill everyone who stands between her and infamy,” she blurted. “As far as killing vampires, Landon, you are very right. I have no idea how to kill them but maybe we should find out in case this mysterious vampire gets too close for comfort or Jean Claude becomes more than I can handle.”
	“When we get back to the city, we will stop and ask Lady Eleanor for a few books.” 

II
	With Landon and Katrina leaving for the funeral so early, Emily made breakfast before sunrise, leaving a large stack of pancakes for the rest of the family warming in the oven. Because she’d been unable to hunt the night before, she snuck out the back door and into the forest beyond. Subconsciously, she knew Draco expected her to do so but she felt better assuming no one suspected. 
	Lacking formal training in the hunt, not that her guides hadn’t attempted, led Emily back to the comfort of Lackawanna State Park. The park was unusually quiet for such mild mid-autumn temperatures. Despite the weather, the only warm body in the area belonged to the elderly park ranger who was currently sitting inside an abandoned yurt watching an old black and white TV. Emily sat and watched him for a few minutes wrestling with her innermost morals.  Despite his age and declining health, Emily couldn’t bring herself to feed on an innocent human. 
	Thinking the hunt was a loss, Emily stood up and nearly crashed into Draco. “Hello, my love.”
	“Have you been spying on me?”
	“Oh, most certainly. I see you are lacking in humans. May I make a suggestion?”
	“Will it get me done with this and back home?”
	“Of course. Today is Saturday. Saturday mornings are known for youth soccer games. What better place for a pedophile to lurk than a park full of kids?”
	Emily was shocked. “You want me to prowl around children in search of prey? That sounds a little unnecessary, is it not?”
	“Think of it this way. If you linger in the tree line, no human will notice you and as an added bonus, if you find a creeper, you will be protecting so many children,” Draco said.
	“I wouldn’t be able to do such a thing in town, Draco.”
	“Head up to Binghamton. You will have plenty of time to get there and back before your children wake. Use your speed.”
	“And why are you grinning?”
	“I was just thinking about the drunken sex we are going to have when you get back.”
	Emily pushed her body into Draco’s and kissed him long and hard before running north. 
	When he returned home, Tatum was standing in the kitchen preparing a fresh pot of coffee. “Good morning, Tatum.”
	“Hey, Draco. I was hoping to catch you. I have a few questions that would make Emily uncomfortable. You know how she feels about my choice,” she said as she rinsed the carafe in the sink. 
	“What’s on your mind?”
	Tatum finished filling the reservoir and sat at the table across from Draco. “I am more than happy with the decision to become a vampire. I can’t wait to experience the world from that heightened perspective.” 
	Tatum began to pull a brush through her damp pink hair as she spoke. “You’re going to think my questions are silly.”
	“I won’t. Ask away.”
	“When I think of life without food, it makes me sad,” she said focusing on her hair to hide her embarrassment. “I know that should not be the biggest concern I have, but it is. I have no family or friends to miss and no urge to have a boyfriend never mind spend sixty years with one. I guess what I’m saying is the only mortal connection I have to miss is food.”
	“Tatum, you have been in this house for how many meals now? And you’ve seen me eat.”
	“Yes, but what are the consequences?”
	“Consequences?”
	“Well, your body doesn’t function…”
	Draco couldn’t help but to interrupt with a playful chuckle. “Tatum, honey, my body hasn’t changed. I still have pumping organs and a working digestive system. Replenishing my blood supply allows my body to work like that of a mortal.”
	“Then how can Emily eat? The rumor is she lives off animal blood.”
	“Emily doesn’t eat much. The animal blood keeps her body intact but not as strong as if she were to drink human blood. Her eating is just for show because the kids don’t know the truth,” Draco answered. “A healthy consumption of human blood will keep the body animated enough to consume any amount of food an undead wants.”
	Tatum’s face screwed up into a confused pucker. “Rumor around the Confederation is that you don’t drink from humans either.”
	“I don’t take directly from the vein. I have sources that provide harvested blood.”
	“Sources?”
	“That is a very long discussion. To summarize, I have a supplier that provides me with consumable blood without harm to the donator. It’s not as rich and strong as the blood of a living human, but it keeps me alive.” Draco answered. “What is it? You still look lost.”
	“It’s just that I’m so happy here. The idea of…” Tatum trailed of before blurting, “Will you and Emily serve as my guides?”
	“Unfortunately, that is not our choice to make. You can definitely request us, but in the end it is Francesca that must allow that.”
	Tatum nodded as she rose from the table to fill a large mug of coffee. Mug full, she stood in the kitchen window watching the sun make its way over the edge of the earth. Like clockwork, Asher stumbled into the kitchen looking for breakfast. “Good morning, Draco,” he said.
	“Good morning. There is a stack of pancakes in the oven. Be sure to save some for your sister and Tatum,” Draco responded as he stood from the table to fetch a few plates. As he spun around to hand Asher his plate, he heard a light thud upstairs. Neither Asher nor Tatum responded to the light noise so he handed off his plates to investigate. 
	It had occurred to Draco that the stranger may be growing antsy to take either Landon or Katrina. He had made it clear to Jean Claude that he was after Landon but the evidence showed otherwise. Hope’s squealing caused Draco’s heart to skip a beat and he ran to her doorway in fear of what he may find inside. What he found was Hope leaning into the mirror inspecting a blemish that even Draco’s eyes couldn’t find. 
	He rolled his eyes and made his way into the master bath in search of the noise. The sound of the shower running put Draco on edge. He’d only been home fifteen minutes. There was no way Emily could have made it to Binghamton and back in such a short time even without finding a human sacrifice.
	A pile of Emily’s bloodied clothes lay on the floor outside the shower. Panic stricken, Draco stepped to the shower and threw back the curtain. Emily stood under the stream with crimson tinted water running down her body. “Emily?”
	“Don’t worry, Draco. It’s not my blood,” she said. “I didn’t make it to New York.”
	“And why you are covered in blood?” Draco asked mustering the calmest voice possible. 
	“I stumbled across a mountain lion on my way out of the park,” Emily answered as if that answered the question.
	Draco decided not to pry since Emily wasn’t going to share the story easily. “So, you’re telling me you still haven’t fed?”
	“Well, I drained the mountain lion but I haven’t found human blood, no.” 
	“Alright, I will make some calls and pick some up when I go into the city to talk to Lady Eleanor,” Draco chuckled as he backed out of the bathroom.
	Tatum met Draco in the hallway to inform him that the map was complete. “I hope you don’t think I’m too much of an overachiever but I took your map one step further. Instead of just putting pins and dates across it, I ran a strand of yarn from the first tack to the last,” she said as she fished the legend to the map from a pile of papers on her desk. Handing it to Draco, she continued. “Each pin corresponds to a number on the list with a name and date.”
	“Wow, Tatum. That’s quite a bit more than I expected. And this only took you a day?”
	“Yes, but I didn’t do any research further than locating a birth place and a true date. I still have to go back and build files on each name.”
	“Don’t sell yourself short. This is still pretty awesome for such a short time.” 
	“I expected the string to swirl all over the western hemisphere but as you see, the maker started in Brazil and ended here methodically,” Tatum said as Emily came into the room.
	“It almost looks as if he’s in search of something,” Emily said. “Draco, do you think it’s safe to assume that the maker is the same stranger that has been threatening Edmond?”
	“It’s quite possible,” he answered.
	“But look at the dates, Emily. Women are transformed for a few decades and then there is a break before it picks up again. He has just come out of a sixty year lull and began filling the garden again. This time, the taken are all women and all between seventeen and twenty two. Whatever he’s planning has the possibility of being catastrophic,” Tatum added. 
	Draco decided it was time to play guide and started dishing orders. “Emily, you need to stay here today and start building files on some of the recent additions. Tatum, start searching for vampires native to South America.”
	“And where are you going?”
	“I am going to pay a visit to a very old woman in New York City." 

III
	Katrina spent most of the trip digging into the notebooks she’d received from Lady Eleanor. She couldn’t believe how much information the old woman had. From the age of eighteen to thirty, Edmond’s life was pretty boring. He went to work at the supermarket and came home to care for Katrina. 
	The strange change came quite suddenly. Lady Eleanor’s report was plain but not understated. 

Today is the day. I went to check on Edmond but he’s nowhere to be found. Katrina doesn’t seem to notice the change but Felipe lingers. Protecting the young one will be much more difficult from today. I believe Joseph has the skills to track both Edmond and Felipe to ensure the safety of our future. 

	Katrina read the blurb aloud before asking Landon what he thought. “We know he burnt your parent’s house to the ground either to kidnap you or kill you. What if you were supposed to die in the fire and Edmond saved you? You said yourself that you were in bed when the fire broke out and he carried you out the door. Then he hid you in the forests in Pennsylvania. If you ask me, this Felipe guy found out you were alive around this time.”
	“Draco said something last night about a photograph. He said he had pictures of me with the vampire from the game last night lingering in the background. That means the vampire I saw last night is the same vampire I’ve seen talking to Edmond.” 
	Jean Claude decided it was time to throw his two cents in. "Katrina, that vampire is the owner of your house. And you are right that he is also the same vampire from the football game last night. What we have found in that garden shows that whoever built it is centuries old, maybe even older than me. Edmond didn’t bring you to the Pennsylvania forest to protect you. He most likely brought you to this area because that was the order. There is no way this can be considered coincidence.”
	Katrina’s breath caught in her throat. “So he’s been raising me like a pig for slaughter. I bet he’s waiting for Lady Eleanor to pass her torch and then he’s going to kill me. No hunter mother means no vampire hunters.”
	“That’s very possible, Katrina.” 
	Katrina turned to Landon for comfort but his blank stare reminded her Jean Claude’s words were silent to him. She wanted so badly to spiral into her very own pit of despair but Landon was headed to the funeral of his lifelong girlfriend. It would be entirely too selfish for her to pull him into her pit instead of allowing him the day of his own agony.
	“What do you mean no mother hunter, Kat? Speaking to a vampire being outside my earshot is . . . ” Landon whined.
	“It’s not a big deal. Jean Claude was just reminding me that it is impossible for a hunter mother to be killed by a vampire. Nothing to worry about, I promise,” Katrina fibbed reassuringly. “How much longer?”
	“We should be in Woodbury in about ten minutes.”
	“You didn’t tell me the funeral was in Woodbury. I assumed she would be buried somewhere near the city.”
	“Her family has a plot in Woodbury. They are burying her next to her grandparents. It’s pretty common for families in the city to have plots upstate or in neighboring states,” Landon answered. “Kat, you look like you’ve seen a ghost. What’s wrong?”
	“Edmond moved me from Woodbury. The house we lived in was on Washington Ave in Woodbury across from a cemetery. I just think it’s odd that her funeral would be there.”
	“Do you think this has something to do with some undead influence? I mean it’s weird enough that my girlfriend was killed by a vampire and now her funeral may be a manipulation to return you to your roots. It’s just more than I can handle today, Katrina.”
	“Landon, just breathe. I’m not going to pretend that this isn’t incredibly screwed up in every way but no one, human or vampire, could have known that Janie would be buried in the same place I was born. It also would have been impossible to know you and I would hit it off so wonderfully and I would come with you to the funeral.” Katrina reached out and took Landon’s hand. “Now, let’s put my situation out of our minds for the next few hours and focus on the reason we are here.”
	“You’re right, as usual. The world is full of strange coincidences. After Janie is laid to rest properly, we will scour the area for any evidence we can use.”
	“I have a better idea,” Katrina said. “Jean Claude, I know you aren’t here for me, per se, but do you think could?”
	“And what do you expect me to find almost fifteen years later?” he answered.
	“I don’t know Jean Claude. I would say you are just a bit older than me. Why don’t you conjure up some of your centuries of knowledge and see what you can find.”
	Jean Claude just about flipped the truck upside down on the highway out of blinding rage, but he remembered that this nitwit child stood between him and his happiness. “You must realize I have the ability to crush you in my hands, little girl.”
	“Of course, but you do know I can read every thought in your head and there is a certain red head that you are trying so desperately to-”
	“Well played,” Jean Claude interrupted. “Hunters have a way of hiding their most precious items. I will see what I can find. Don’t expect much after so many years.”
	“Thank you, Jean Claude,” Katrina said. Turning back to Landon, she said, “Now the day is all yours. Jean Claude’s preternatural senses are better for digging through fire rubble that’s been sitting fifteen years anyway.”
	While the kids went to the funeral, Jean Claude went to Katrina’s family home across the street. He stood where the front porch had once stood and looked to the cemetery. Had the land been flat, he would have been able to witness the entire funeral. Granted, when the Cole Legacy took control, all family homes were built within view of the cemetery in an effort to intercept fledglings from the grave. 
	He couldn’t help but wonder if something beyond coincidence played a hand in the close proximity of the house and the funeral. He’d known of vampires using mind powers to make humans do their bidding for them but this just seemed cruel, even to Jean Claude.
	The destruction of the house amazed him. Even after all these years, the ground was scorched as if the fire happened yesterday and the whole area possessed an eerie sensation. He knew the only way for such a transformation to occur would be to sear the earth under and around the house with brimstone and fire. 
	The tiny hairs on the back of Jean Claude’s neck pricked up as he stepped across the burn line into the wreckage. He could feel the distinct pull of good and evil working to reclaim the land. The sensation was so strong that he could sense it creeping into his bones trying to claim him for one side or the other. Had a hunter stepped onto such land, he would most surely leave with a little less of his sanity. 
	The charred timbers that once held the roof over the family’s head had long since fallen into the basement taking everything with it. Luckily, another trespasser had come before him clearing a path down the exterior stairs. Something deep within Jean Claude told him that the key to saving the love of his life was buried deep within the rubble.  
	He stood at a moral crossroads. In all his five hundred years, he had never put thought into which path to take in life. The high road always took so much more time and effort while the path of death and destruction was always so much more fun. He was a vampire after all; a being created to bear that burden though in his case he rather enjoyed it. 
	From the stoop at the top of the stairs, Jean Claude could feel the holiness buried deep within the soil piercing his heart. The sanctity of the grounds wanted so badly to overcome him and banish him from the very face of the earth while the nefarious effects of the brimstone fire coddled him and protected him as he decided to take that first step into the abyss. Whether he would emerge successful depended on his determination to choose the right. 

IV
	Over her extended two thousand year life, Lady Eleanor had less than a handful of vampire cohorts. Most vampires she made contact with in that long lifetime fit the stereotypical Lord Ruthven mold leaving behind them a path of broken and often dead women. In her defense, vampires that live on the right side of the moral fence rarely find themselves on the vampire slayer radar. 
	Now that she found herself in an odd alliance with a gorgeous dark skinned vampire, she wanted to tuck him under her wing and guide him through life. Together they could make a very powerful pair, each nourishing the other’s strengths and abating weaknesses. Never before had she considered working so closely with a member of the opposing team but Draco’s inherent goodness and desire to make the world a better place just drew Lady Eleanor to him. Even now as he sat at her kitchen table trying so desperately to conceal his findings, Lady Eleanor wanted to wrap her arms around him and tell him the world would be ok. Instead, she kept her emotional distance more for his sake than her own. "Draco, you forget I can read every thought in your head. It is silly to hold back information.”
	Draco stared at his hands resting on the table in front of him. He truly hadn’t meant anything by his attempt to conceal the contents of his secret quarters. “Please don’t take offense, Lady. It’s just that I’m not sure what we may find in the journals and I wasn’t quite ready to part with them.”
	“Don’t be too hard on yourself. I know exactly what you will find in the journals. Much of it is just the ramblings of misplaced love as many of my children have misconstrued my request to journal their lives. I never meant for them to sit by the fire each night recording every mundane event of each day.”
	Lady Eleanor continued, “That’s neither here nor there. You have come to me in search of information. Why don’t you tell me which of your questions you would like help with.”
	“First, I found these pictures in Edmond’s house and thought maybe you can shed some light on them.” Draco pushed an eight by ten manila envelope across the table to the old woman. 
	As Lady Eleanor opened the envelope, she quickly explained Katrina’s prophecy. “And that is why I can be seen lingering in any picture of Katrina for the first fourteen years of her life. With her parents gone and no one to protect her from doom, the job fell to me.” 
	By now, Lady Eleanor had flipped through fourteen years of happy memories and was staring at a photo of Katrina digging in the garden behind the cabin. Pointing a wrinkled index finger at a man in the photo, she continued. “This was the first time Felipe visited Edmond since they’d worked together to burn the holiness from the hunter home in Woodbury.”
	“Felipe?”
	“Felipe Castillo. I have been working to rid the world of such a horrid demon since his creation in 1384.”
	“I’m sorry to interrupt but you’re telling me the vampire with the mark of the Ouroboros is six hundred and twenty eight years old.”
	“Yes, that is exactly what I’m saying. There was a conflict between the kingdoms of what is now Spain and Portugal in the years of 1383 to 1385. It’s been many centuries, but from what I remember Portugal was on the cusp of a civil war and the Castile’s tried to take advantage of the weakness. In August of 1384 their camp near Lisbon was overtaken by a tribe of rogues and a large number of Castiles were taken.”
	“Do you think Felipe stayed with the tribe?”
	“I know he did. The mark of the tribe is a snake eating its own tale, an Ouroboros, which they believed to be a symbol of immortality. The founders of the tribe were on a mission to locate and destroy the Mystic Daggers. I have personally hunted and killed many of the tribe members but Felipe continues to elude capture.”
Draco suddenly felt like a fledgling again. Again, he asked for clarification. “I have never heard of this mystical dagger, Lady Eleanor.”
	“The Mystic Daggers have long since become a legend. Just as any other item shuffled between owners, all six have disappeared over the course of time.” Lady Eleanor could tell just by glancing at Draco’s very confused face that she needed to expand. “After the horrific death of Beowulf, Richard the Lion Heart ordered the melting of Naegling to be used against all human feeding demons. It was his belief that the sword carried mystical properties and by creating six smaller daggers from the silver, we hunters would be able to banish a larger number of demons from our world.”
	Draco opened his mouth to speak and quickly closed it. Lady Eleanor took the lead. “These daggers are the single item on earth able to completely kill a vampire. We have many ways to physically harm a member of the undead that will keep them down for hundreds of years but these daggers are the only way to kill a vampire and release them from their eternal damnation. The tribe believed that if they possessed the daggers they would become stronger than the Cole hunters and be allowed to live in the light.”
	“You have answered all my questions without me asking and I thank you for that. I have so many more questions now that I don’t know where to start asking.”
	“Then please allow me to ask a few questions. What is this map that Tatum has made? I can see from your thoughts that it covers many of Felipe’s hotspots over the years.”
	“Are you aware of the savage garden in the forest?” 
	“Only what I was able to take from Katrina’s mind when she was last here. I see in your thoughts that it is a graveyard for fledgling birth.”
	“Each burial plot has a headstone of sorts. They are just plaques with names and dates on each. Tatum has used them to pinpoint their birth place and plot Felipe’s path across the Americas. I thought this information would give us an idea of who he is and what he wants with Katrina, but you have just made Tatum’s position in Pennsylvania obsolete.”
	“On the contrary. If Felipe is building an army, it is important to build a file on them and from what I hear through the rumor mill, your Emily is the best vampire tracer around and with Tatum’s assistance, we may be able to put an end to the army before it gets off the ground.”
	“But you have no idea where the daggers are? How are we going to protect them from Felipe if we can’t find them?”
	“I never said I didn’t know where they are. I said they have been misplaced by hunters over the millennium. I will continue to protect the daggers as I have done since their creation and you will continue to protect your mortal children as has been foreseen.”
	“Yes, ma’am.”
	“If you get me a list, I will be able to tell which fledglings have been banished and which may still linger.”
	Draco nodded and slipped back out the door. Once outside, he sped over to his apartment to stock the fridge and ready it for Landon and Katrina’s stay. The lonesome task allowed him time to reflect on Lady Eleanor’s history lessons. He couldn’t help but be slightly annoyed that Emily had been correct about Francesca’s lack of participation in the blood contract. Felipe had most likely signed it in confidence because he knew he was being hunted. 
	As he changed the sheets on the bed and made up the convertible couch, he had an epiphany. Edmond had spent years of his life digging through old Cole journals searching for the dagger. When he found that James Cole may have been a direct descendent of John Cole, Knight of Agincourt he dropped everything and ran to Plymouth in search of some kind of historical structure. 
	Quickly, Draco finished up the task at hand and ran back to Pennsylvania. He just knew the answers were hidden in a journal. 

V
	Landon was much more composed after the funeral. The precise moment he flung his handful of earth into the grave, he could feel the emotional pull drawing him and Katrina closer. Watching her coffin lowering into the ground was just the closure he needed to place the past behind him and walk head on into the unnatural door opening before him.
	At the time, he had no way to know that Katrina suddenly felt the same way. Despite the fact that she had no interpretation for such feelings, she felt a much brighter existence opening ahead of her. That was until the dark cloud of Jean Claude rained on her parade. “Katrina, you need to be here.”
	Katrina stopped dead as she stepped around the rubble into the backyard. Centered in the yard stood a mighty oak tree with a very unnatural being leaning against its trunk. The sight of a glowing rune just above Jean Claude’s head took Katrina’s breath away. She faintly remembered seeing this rune speckled on the map of Scotland but she couldn’t for the life of her remember what it represented. 
	“Landon, do you have a pen in the truck?” She wanted to discuss the glowing image with him but his inability to see it caused her to decide otherwise. 
	“Yeah, I left my backpack behind the seat. Do you need paper?”
	“Probably,” she answered. “What’s so damn important, Jean Claude?”
	“First off, what do you see on the tree?”
	“Don’t worry about it. You interrupted a very important day in Landon’s life. You had better have a good reason.” Katrina demanded.
	“While you were off mourning that fractured child, I was over here trying to save the universe. I’m pretty sure I found the means to do so but I can’t touch it.”
	“Back up. You think that one little item can save us from this stranger?”
	“If that one item is the Mystic Dagger, then yes.”
	“HUH?”
	“Long story short, the Mystic Dagger is said to be capable of killing a vampire on the spot.”
	“And you trust me to fetch it for you? You do realize if this dagger is in there, I’d be able to kill you, right.”
	“Now who’s the arrogant one? Yes, you could kill me with the dagger but then you would have no protection. Just because you have hunter blood doesn’t make you a hunter.”
	“But…”
	“I know the prophecy. What you don’t seem to understand is that every hunter is born into a hunting family and brought up knowing about vampires and how to kill them. By the time they reach adulthood they know how to handle their powers and therefore, how to protect themselves. You, my dear, will be considered an adult in two days and how much training have you had?”
	Katrina couldn’t answer.
	“Then as long as you have my protection, maybe you shouldn’t jeopardize my brief loyalty or you may find yourself in a grave quite near the late Janie Edwards.” 
	Katrina heard Landon pull into the yard and quickly composed herself. “So, tell me what I’m supposed to be doing?”
	“Somewhere in the basement there should be a fireproof box holding the silver dagger. I need you to find it and bring it out. First, we use it to kill the stranger and then you can return it to Lady Eleanor.”
	“You aren’t worried about placing such a deadly instrument back into the hands of the only people capable of using it to its potential?”
	“Not really. I’m faster than the hunters. Plus I can fly,” he said. Katrina just stared at him in disbelief. “Just to prove my trust, I will come into the basement with you. Close proximity to the dagger causes my insides to quiver in involuntary fear. Think of it as a game of hot and cold using my body.”
	Katrina stepped through the twisted steel of the former cellar doors onto the top step leading into the basement. The steel doors had curled back in the intense heat of the fire and any exposed metal was now red with rust from years of New England weather. She couldn’t shake the feeling that she was being swallowed whole by the mouth of hell. “This isn’t a trap, is it?”
	“No, Katrina. This is not a trap,” Jean Claude answered. Katrina scrubbed the outer most reaches of Jean Claude’s mind to find any evidence otherwise.  Finding nothing, she continued.
	The doorway from the cement stairs opened into the large cellar. It took all the willpower Katrina could muster to push one foot across the threshold. As her body crossed the line where a door once hung to protect from the elements, Katrina felt as though a bucket of ice water had been poured over her head. 
	When she turned back to Jean Claude for guidance, he was gone. Throwing out her powers to listen like an octopus groping with its plethora of tentacles sent Katrina into a terror stricken state. Realistically, she knew all she had to do was find the box and run for the hills but she couldn’t ward off the terror long enough to allow the realism to settle in. Just when she began to firmly believe Jean Claude had played her, she saw his face at the top of the stairs. 
	“I thought you abandoned me,” she screamed.
	“I told you I would guide you and I am a man of my word if nothing else.”
	“Fine, then answer one question. Why did walking through the doorway feel like I walked under a waterfall?”
	“Because your presence on these grounds is enough to return the sanctity of the hunter home. That also explains why I was thrown halfway across the yard when you crossed the threshold. I can’t come past this spot right here. You must find the dagger on your own,” Jean Claude said. “Do you feel a strong pull in the pit of your stomach?” 
	“Actually, I do. It almost feels like someone has tied a rope to my belly button and is trying to pull me by it.”
	“Follow the pull. It will lead you to where you need to be.”
	“Are you sure? It’s pulling me back up the stairs.” Jean Claude nodded and Katrina climbed back up the stairs brushing past the vampire and across the yard. She found herself standing in front of the great oak tree in the center of the yard. “As much as I hate taking help from you, I need to ask what this means.”
	“Landon, I need you to give Katrina that pen and paper now.” Katrina quickly drew the rune and handed it to Jean Claude, who gasped at the page. 
	“Well,” Katrina prompted.
	“Long story short, this rune entitles you to this land,” Jean Claude blurted.
	“How about a little bit longer? What does that rune symbolize and more importantly, why was the pull so strong to show me this?”
	“The house was built on sanctified ground and judging by your blank look of confusion, I would say that means nothing to you. Before the house was built, the owners preformed magical rights over the area to protect the home from demons. By doing so, the home was a safe haven for the family when not hunting. When you were two, the house was burnt to the ground in opposing rights. Black powder composed of a high level of brimstone burns hotter and faster reversing the sanctity and creating nefarious grounds. However, this vampire didn’t count on the power behind the spell placed on this particular ground. 
	“Basically, there has been a fight between good and evil here since the night of the fire,” Jean Claude summarized. “When you stepped within the walls of the house, fate was settled and the magic running in your veins drew you to the rune.”
	“So, I own this land?”
	“Ownership in the magical sense has always been yours. However, I believe Edmond brainwashed your mother to have a will created that would leave the land to you and you to him as was regulated by the blood contract he signed.”
	“This is all too much for me right now. Let’s just get this mystical dagger and be on our way.”
	“I don’t believe it’s here. Once you stepped across the threshold the sensation disappeared. Do you feel a pull towards it?”
	“No, I don’t feel anything.”
	“I think the feeling I had before was a misinterpretation of the sanctity pulling at my soul. Why don’t we head back to the city?” 
	“Wait,” Landon ordered. “You just said some sacred item in the house held the sanctity of the land until its rightful owner returned. What if that item is the dagger?”
	“Like I just said, if it were the dagger, I would be able to sense it. Considering all I can sense now is a shield over the house, I must assume it isn’t here.”
	“Shouldn’t I at least look?” asked Katrina.
	“No. If anything happens to you inside that wreckage, I can’t do anything to save you.”
	“Oh, Jean Claude, you do care,” Katrina teased feigning an attempt at a hug.
	“Please. I care more about my boots than you.”
	Katrina laughed and took Landon’s hand. “I will have to bring Lady Eleanor back so we can search.”
	“It’s getting dark, children. I don’t really want to be around when the moon rises over that graveyard.”
	With that, the trio headed into the city, mortals in the truck and vampire soaring above. 

VI
	Ratel paced like a caged lion. Consciously, he knew he had six days to fill the order. He knew it couldn’t be too hard to collect a few more beauties before the deadline, especially if he resorted to the ever so simple snatch and grab just as he’d yanked the tight little blond from the parking lot. 
		Just thinking about the time he spent with the girls was enough to cause him to grow impatient. Eternity with Mustang looked better every day. Before he could escape the group of crazies closing in on him, he needed to fill the order. The best place to gather the remaining number of girls would be Emily’s dinner table. Two pretty little sixteen year old girls and the vampire wannabe. He would be doing them a favor by transforming them before Francesca could condemn them to a life of slavery. 
	Just as he was putting together the finishing plans to invade Emily’s house, Ratel sensed the presence of a familiar female. He felt himself reach an odd crossroads, one he’d never truly felt before. He suddenly wanted to bound up the stairs and wrap his forsaken arms around her and carry her off into the sunset. 
	A little voice in the back of his head brought him back to reality. As a mortal, he hated the pull his wife had on him. In the movies, the mobsters always had mobster wives that knew where their money came from. Their home life was a comfortable sea of crazy love propelled by the uncertainty of the future. His home life was whiplash. He spent the days running the streets; selling women or smashing legs and the evening feigning happiness and fathertude.
	Returned to his proper frame of mind, he began to wonder how the bitch had found him. Is there nothing Terrence wouldn’t do? Had he become so desperate?
	Ratel cowered in his small chamber until he was sure she had gone at which time he dressed and escaped the burrow to grab a few last minute meals. Being Saturday night, there had to be a party somewhere in town where a couple of no good teenage girls could be plucked without notice. 
October 18


I
	Emily leaned against the door frame at the base of the secret back stairs and watched Draco read. She couldn’t help but lose herself as she watched the lines in his forehead crinkle and loosen as he tried to decipher the scribbled writing in front of him. Even the way his lips moved ever so slightly as he mumbled to himself about some fuzzy fact sent chills of excitement up her back and deep into her anatomy. She must have gasped aloud as the tingles reached the most intimate areas of her body because Draco startled and looked up from his studies. A large smile erased all seriousness from his face as their eyes locked across the room.
	“Why hello there, Love. Would you like to come sit in my lap for a few minutes?” 
	“What an alluring suggestion. Shall I leave my clothes here or would you like to remove them?”
	“That is a tough question. As much as I love to remove your clothing for you, it might be best for your wardrobe if you  undress yourself.”  Emily reached up and began unbuttoning her blouse with vampire speed. “Oh no, my love. You must take your time. And please. Shoes first.” 
	Once Emily was undressed and properly seated in Draco’s lap with her legs wrapped around his midsection, he whispered in her ear. “Love, Asher’s eating breakfast on the other side of this poorly built wall. He mustn’t hear us.”
“Hush, Draco. How about you just sit perfectly still and I will rock your world.” Both giggled. 
	Ten minutes later, the happy duo was redressed and seated in separate chairs at the table. “So this is what I know,” Draco began. “This mysterious stranger is actually a vampire created even before Francesca. Lady Eleanor tells me he is in search of what she calls the Mystic Dagger. As I prepared the apartment last night for Landon and Katrina, I remembered this journal. Edmond was reading it when he felt the sudden pull to Plymouth.”
	“And who did that journal belong to?”
	“John Cole Knight of Agincourt. He was knighted in France in 1380. Coincidently, he could do wonders with a lance. I wonder where a Cole would learn such skills. Anyway, I think this journal may lead us to  dagger.”
	“Draco, Honey, I’m not sure how the location of the daggers affect us.”
	“It doesn’t, Love. But the location of Edmond does. If we can get to Edmond, we may be able to figure out what Felipe wants with Katrina and Landon,” Draco said. “I have a task for you today. Lady Eleanor wants a list of the names in the garden so she can weed through them. She would know best who is still a threat.”
“Ok, I will get Tatum to print one and run it to New York.”
	“I don’t think that’s a good idea. I think we should keep our alliance with the Legacy from Francesca as long as possible. Who knows how the Snow Queen would react to that knowledge.”
“You are very right, Draco. I will make the list and run it down. Tatum has started with the first known transformation and is working her way forward in time. On a side note, that girl has such potential. You wouldn’t believe the information she can dig up.”
	Draco, remembering yesterday’s breakfast conversation, just let it go. “Alright, Love. I need to get through this journal and I’m moving at a painstakingly slow speed.” Emily kissed Draco on the cheek and ran off.

II
	“Damn. We did it again, Katrina.”
	“Oh, I’m sorry Landon. I didn’t mean to fall asleep on you.”
	“That doesn’t bother me. I just don’t understand how we continue to wake up together with all our clothes on. One day, you will wake up next to me-”
	“Don’t finish that sentence, Landon. I believe I’ve already made it perfectly clear that I will stay fully clothed around you for a while.”
Landon wrapped his arms around Katrina and pulled her on top of him. “I was just joking, Kat. I’m in no hurry.” She leaned down and kissed the tip of his nose in response.
	“What’s on today’s agenda?” Landon asked.
	“I am spending the day with Lady Eleanor. She said something last week about the importance of knowing my plants. You are free to gallivant about your city to your heart’s content.”
	“I’m not leaving you, Kat.”
“But you shouldn’t have to give up your entire life for me. This is my prophecy, not yours. You might as well make the best of your freedom. Life is short.”
	“Seriously, Katrina. I’m going with you.”
	“In that case, you’d better get up and bathe. And for the sake of everything that is holy, brush your teeth. Your breath could kill a dragon.” Katrina could barely get the comical insult out before Landon rolled her on her back and began kissing every inch of her face. 
	“Now you stink, too. Might as well save water, right?”
	“Wrong. I will make breakfast while you shower.” 
	Over an hour later, the teenage giggles were replaced with a solemn, almost businesslike air. As Landon reached out to open the door to the bookstore, Katrina caught Emily’s mental whisperings in the apartment above and grabbed Landon by the arm. “We are going to be in there all day, Landon. Let’s go grab a few drinks to take in with us.”
	Emily heard Katrina’s voice filtered through her son’s head and silently thanked the girl for her hasty detour. “That’s not a bad idea, Katrina. But I just want you to know that you aren’t as subtle as you think. I don’t know what you’re protecting me from but at some point you will have to trust that I can handle things.”
	Katrina ignored the underlying question. “At some point. We passed a little deli a few doors back. Why don’t we just backtrack and grab a couple sodas. I really could use another coffee anyway.”
	"How old are you? What sixteen year old talks like that?" 
	"Rory Gilmore."
	"Who? Oh, never mind. I will run down to the deli. Send me a message when I am safe to come back,” Landon said, his voice oozing with pain.
	Katrina felt as if she were carrying the world on her shoulders as she pulled open the shop door and stepped inside. She made her way through the tumbled piles of books to her own special vampire corner. Judging by the thickness of the dust blanket, she was the only person who ever came to this corner of the store. As she was thinking this, she felt Emily pass through the store and throw a silent thank you as she left. 
	“You are the first to look at these books in many years, child. If you would fetch Landon, we can head upstairs and begin our day’s work. I have a few things to tend to before I can focus properly anyway,” Lady Eleanor said before disappearing behind a large ramshackle bookshelf. Katrina almost bound behind her in fear that a large hardcover book would fall on her benefactor’s head. Instead, she sent a brief message to Landon and sat down on the floor to search the bottom shelf of books. 
	Tucked behind thick volumes of books written by the many generations of Cole family members was a little pink book. The title was something altogether unexpected. Can Vampires Love by Makenzie Marie.  Judging by the blurb on the back, the author of the book was tackling a very controversial topic and was brave enough to include contrasting opinions by other authors. 
	The book was barely tucked into the bottom of Katrina’s messenger bag before Landon stepped around the corner followed closely by a very old woman. Lady Eleanor winked her approval of the book before leading both children through the back door.  
	Katrina trailed behind Landon silently contemplating asking about the house and the dagger. What am I supposed to say? Hey, we were at the house where my parents were savagely burnt to death and my vampire chaperone thought he sensed a dagger? That would go over well.
	“Katrina, my child, you mustn’t hide anything from me. As far as the house being your property, we will discuss that another time. All you must know about the daggers is that they are safely hidden. Now please have a seat.”
	Katrina wondered heavily about the house and the dagger while she fished through her messenger bag. She could only hope Lady Eleanor wouldn’t steer her wrong, so she turned her attention back to her searches. Landon assumed she was going to spread her plethora of composition books across the table but instead she set a leather journal in the center of the table and watched as Lady Eleanor’s eyes grew. “My child, where did you find this?”
	“In an old trunk in my attic.”
	“I have been searching for this journal since well before even your parents were born.” Two pale, wrinkled hands reached across the table and pulled it toward her. With tears in her eyes, Lady Eleanor opened the cover and peered inside. In Katrina’s haste to research the photo, she’d missed the runic writing inside the cover. “This was Kol’s field journal. He began writing in this particular book around the turn of the fifth century.”
	The kids had a few questions but they sat quietly allowing Lady Eleanor to dig through her lifetime of memories. “Kol, my husband, was the founder of this grand family. It was he who began the tradition of journaling.”
	“I also found this with it in the trunk,” Katrina said as she unfolded the long black cloak with the coat of arms stitched into the back.
	Holding back sobs, Lady Eleanor ran her fingers over the bull passant centered inside the coat of arms. “It took months to stitch this. I sat in the rocker Kol built with my first generation of little ones playing at my feet stitching away. Kol was so thankful for the warmth of the ermine fur and the extra protection provided by the silver threading. It wasn’t much but it was enough to keep any fledgling at bay long enough to be exterminated.”
	Katrina placed her youthful hands over Lady Eleanor’s disfigured elderly hands. “I thank you for all the sacrifices you have made for me.” 
	“Kol would have been so proud of you.” Lady Eleanor stood to drape the cloak over Katrina’s shoulders. “This cloak now belongs to you.” 
	Katrina stood and wrapped her arms around the seemingly feeble woman. “Thank you,” she said.
	“Let us set these ancient trappings aside. You must learn the histories of your existence.”
	“First, I was wondering if I may ask a couple questions about Edmond’s notebook.” Katrina started as she lay the cloak aside. “I have a few questions that I don’t really want an answer for but there are two questions that have been haunting me for a few days. Did my parents suffer in the fire?”
	“No, they didn’t suffer. If you think to your dream, they stood in a trancelike state while the fire whipped around them. Felipe showed the most mercy I’ve ever seen from him that night by putting your parents in a trance.”
	“My other question. Who are Joseph and Felipe? I have never had perpetual contact with another human being aside from Edmond until I met Landon.”
	“Felipe Castillo is the vampire out to kill you and Joseph is one of my many children. He has spent the last seventeen years ensuring your safety.” 
	Lady Eleanor reached for the stack of photos Draco left with her the previous day. “Before I give these to you, I want you to know everyone in this situation is doing the best they know how to protect you. You are very fortunate to have both vampires and hunters working to protect you. That being said, I would like you to look at this stack of photos.”
	As the stack passed hands, everyone was silent. Katrina did not make any attempt to hide her emotions as silent tears slipped down her face. Until this precise moment, the situation with Edmond had seemed like one of her horrible nightmares but as she stared into the face of her nemesis, everything became real. Despite the truth, she couldn’t help but worry and wonder about Edmond. 
	“I’m sorry to have to reveal the facts in this way, child. I know you truly care for Edmond and considering your history with him, I completely understand. However, you must prepare yourself for what comes next.” Lady Eleanor rose from the table and set the tea kettle on the stove to boil. She could feel the raw sorrow flowing from Katrina as she busied her hands.
	“What comes next?” Katrina asked.
	“I don’t believe Edmond will live to see the morning sun. It’s been made clear all along that he will not outlive his use and you will be a full blood hunter tomorrow.”
	Landon put his hand on Katrina’s shoulder and turned to the guide. “Are you saying Felipe is going to kill him tonight?”
	“That is precisely what I’m saying,” she replied as she set a piping hot mug of tea in front of Katrina. “Please drink the tea. It will sooth your nerves.”
	“So you think that tea is going to fix the fact that the only person I’ve known is going to die. Not only did I believe he was my brother my entire life, but he was also my only parent and friend.”
	Lady Eleanor dropped into the chair and cradled Katrina's hand in her own. “Please, Katrina. From today, you must trust me. Always."
	Something about the look on Lady Eleanor’s face and Landon squeezing her other hand calmed her nerves before the tea even touched her lips. “What’s in tea?”
	“It’s just a basic chamomile tea with peppermint infusion. The mixture is known to sooth restlessness and allow a person to sleep. I find the calming properties advantageous with my own emotions. How do you feel?”
	“Much better, thank you. I don’t want to discuss Edmond anymore, if that’s ok with you.” Katrina requested, flinching away from Landon’s touch.
	Lady Eleanor pretended not to notice the distinct change in Katrina’s demeanor. It was completely understandable if Katrina chose to ward off all meaningful connections but it was essential for both her happiness and the future of hunters in general that she chose a mate to fulfill her destiny with.
	Looking through the stack of photos, Lady Eleanor slid an eight by ten from the pile and set it in front of Katrina. “Aside from you, there are two people in this photo. Can you spot them?”
	“Obviously, I see myself around ten years old digging in the garden.” After a minute of searching, Katrina spotted Lady Eleanor and Joseph hidden in the trees upon the hill. “Here, I see you and a man at your side.”
	“Do you recognize this man?”
	“Is it possible for him to have been my second grade teacher? I believe his name was Mr. Howell.”
	The man Katrina recognized to be her teacher from nine years before was a lanky man towering over the elderly woman, standing at what she could only assume was over six foot tall. He had a shaggy crop of orange hair and brilliant green eyes matching her own. 
	Lady Eleanor smiled, “Yes, his current name is Joseph Howell. He is now five hundred and twenty three years old. He is a competent slayer but at a young age, his father and I recognized how useful his nerdiness would be for other tasks. You know him as that history loving second grade teacher.  Kol placed him in the elementary school you would be attending well before you were ready for kindergarten.”
	“That’s creepy,” Landon said.
	“Boy, you have no idea the history that runs in your veins. Today is not the day for revealing those things but I suggest you hold your judgment of others,” Lady Eleanor snapped.
	“Yes, ma’am.”
	“Mr. Howell is actually a Cole then?” Katrina asked. "I never noticed then how closely we resemble each other."
	“Oh, yes. I am very proud to be his mother. He has proven himself to live in the family image. I believe I will be just as proud of you in time, child,” Lady Eleanor said as she shuffled through the photos to withdraw another. She placed it over the previous and watched Katrina’s face as it warmed and then fell. “What is it child?”
	“I remember this day. Soccer was the only thing I was allowed to participate in. Edmond always said he had wonderful memories of his family supporting him through soccer before they died. I remember being caught off guard when he said his family because I was his family. Of course, now I know better. Anyway, this game was so important because we were playing for first place in the league and it was the last game I’d be able to play since the next year I would be too old for rec league. I made the winning goal and when I looked up Edmond was gone.” Katrina stopped as she stared at herself.
	“Katrina, I want you to look through the crowd and see if you notice anyone familiar,” Lady Eleanor requested.
	“I see you and Mr. Howell sitting under the tree.”
	“Do you see anyone else?”
	After what seemed like a Where’s Waldo extravaganza, Katrina finally saw Felipe. Katrina stared at his face as the dream of the fountain flooded back. Lady Eleanor relived the dream with her in shock. “When did you have this dream,” the old woman asked. 
	“The day before I chased the rune to the house in the woods.”
	“And do you know what day that was?”
	Landon took control of the conversation for a shining moment. “Lady Eleanor, I had tryouts the Thursday after I started school in Pennsylvania. While I was at try outs, Katrina wandered into the forest.”
	“And you started school when?”
	“My first day was Monday, October 5. I remember because that was the day I met Katrina,” Landon responded as he reached out to take Katrina’s hand in his own. Lady Eleanor was relieved when Katrina smiled and squeezed his hand. 
	“Try outs would have been on October eighth. Are you telling me you had this dream this month?”
	“Yes, ma’am.”
	“Listen to me, Katrina. The dreams you have are not as simple as you think. You will find that they are premonitions. Yes, just like the dream you had of Landon’s parents.”
	Katrina spiraled into a panic. “Are you telling me I am going to die in some ridiculous blood ceremony? All this information has come out into the open and I’m just going to die?”
	“You are always going to be in the dream but that doesn’t mean you will necessarily be in the situation. In this case, there is no way for the dream to come true in these exact actions because you don’t live in that house anymore. However, it appears Felipe is planning a high scale first blood sacrifice.”
	“Is there anything we can do to prevent it?”
	“Yes. I will begin my plan once we have finished here.”
	“And I’m supposed to just sit by and watch?”
	“No, you don’t have to watch. You can-”
	Katrina stood up toppling the chair behind her. “Absolutely not. I want to be part of this. You can’t expect me to just sit by and watch innocent people be killed without lifting a finger.”
	“How do you expect to help? You know nothing about this world, Kat. We were just talking yesterday about how you couldn’t even kill a vampire if you wanted to. Remember, we came here today to ask Lady Eleanor how.” Landon was just as worked up about Katrina’s request to be included as she was about being shut out. “I will not lose you the way I lost Janie!”
	“Both of you, calm yourselves,” Lady Eleanor requested in her gentle manner. When they continued to rant she raised her voice to their level. “Sit down, NOW!” she bellowed.
	When they were both seated and quiet, Lady Eleanor placed more calming tea in front of Katrina and fetched some for Landon as well. “Katrina, I understand your urges to help whether it be out of revenge or chivalry, but you aren’t ready and I will not discuss this any further with you today.”
	Katrina opened her mouth to protest but Lady Eleanor cut her off. “Tomorrow, your entire existence changes. Before you can enter the world as a hunter, you have to learn to live with these changes. Not to mention that most Cole’s are taught to be hunters as they grow up and the day they turn seventeen are able to be put into action. Your situation is much different and as an added bonus, you are to be trained as a guide and mother as well.”
	Landon’s mind finally caught the implication tomorrow brought. “Are you telling me tomorrow is Katrina’s seventeenth birthday.”
	“Precisely. And on that note, I believe I’ve loaded up your brain with enough devastating information for one day. Landon, today is the day you prove yourself. I want you to take Katrina and force her to enjoy her last day as a teenager. That means McDonalds for lunch, and an unnecessary shopping spree followed by dinner and a movie. Her life, as well as your own if you choose, will become significantly more difficult as of tomorrow. And don’t worry about staying out late; you will both be missing a few days of school. Be back here by noon.”
	Katrina hugged Lady Eleanor once again and whispered in her ear, “Thank you for everything.” She let go and hurried through the door before she could be affected by the tears slipping down her benefactor’s cheek.

III
	If Terrence wasn’t already feeling like a large failure, Ratel’s resistance to his using the wife as bait was enough to push him overboard. As badly as he yearned to feel the burn of whiskey searing his shriveled veins, the reward of staking Ratel would bring centuries of happiness. Focusing on this sentiment, he decided it was time to visit his sister in New York and discuss how to move forward. He called down the hallway for Jodi to have a car brought around and turned back to his record book. 
	Jodi never responded. 
	Standing over her desk, he realized something was amiss. Jodi’s meticulously arranged desk was littered with papers. Shuffled into the pile was a blood spotted page that read You take mine, I’ll take yours. Two words ran through Terrence, Jean Claude. 
	He might not have been blessed with Jean Claude's ability to fly, but he did possess the preternatural speed to run from Scranton to Confederation headquarters in mere minutes. He stepped out the front door of Scranton House and soon arrived on Francesca's balcony. The door splintered easily under Terrence’s fist and he stepped through the hole left behind in search of the assailant. 
	“What the hell, Terrence. That’s a four thousand dollar door.”
	“What do I care, Francesca. Where is he?”
	“Who?”
	“That bastard you’ve been sleeping with.”
	“I sent Paco away when Jean Claude returned home. I was tired of his sleeping anyway. Took up so much room.”
	“You know what I meant. I’m going to kill him today.”
	“That ought to make for a great show. While we wait for him to get here, I’m going to go have some breakfast ordered. I think a good vampire fight always goes well with steak and eggs. You?”
	“I’m glad you find this funny, Frannie but he’s crossed a line this time. In the words of Bill Cosby, I brought him into this world and I can take him out.”
	“Whatever, Terrence. He’s crossed so many of your lines in the last century. I’m not sure I believe you. I’m going to take a shower and pretty up before he gets here. Don’t kill him before I come back,” Francesca said. Before she left the room, she turned back and said, “And Terry, you do know how much stronger he has become since he left me? Last time he was here, he nearly bent the steel bed supports.”
	Terrence sunk into the overstuffed chair. While it disgusted him to think of his sister in bed with that monster, at least he couldn’t impregnate her. Jean Claude’s voice startled Terrence. “Judging by the door, you miss Jodi already?”
	He was out of the chair and inches from where Jean Claude had been in a flash. “Relax, Terrence. I must be going soft because Jodi’s fine. I just gave her a thousand dollars to disappear for a couple days. Why, did it scare you to loose someone so important to you?”
	“Prove it, Jean Claude.”
	“Have you taken any time to call her? I know you hate this new age technology and all but maybe it’s time you move out of the stone age and into the technological age. I personally like the luxury. Do you know how easily girls at any club give out their phone number? They love their midnight booty call. I however, prefer my midnight snack.”
	“That’s disgraceful. We are not here to wipe out the human race, Jean Claude. In fact, my sister has built this Confederation as a means to create and enforce laws that will protect humans from the likes of you.”
	“And with such strict limitations on vampires, my buffet is so much larger. Have you ever lived as a vampire? You have always been quite miserable.”
	“It is my fate to be miserable for all eternity. If you remember, you weren’t willing to live the fate of the Skogsra.  You also seem to forget that I made you.”
	Francesca emerged from her bedroom in a terror. “That’s enough. First of all, Jean Claude will return Jodi when we are finished here. Secondly, Terrence, do you really believe he would make a booty call and drain an innocent girl?”
	“Yes,” he responded without hesitation. “I read the newspaper, Francesca. If you did, you would know what happened last weekend in New Jersey or of the girl abducted by a mysterious flying man in New Haven.” 
	“Alright, Terrence. I think you made your point,” Francesca said before turning to Jean Claude. “Just as before, I will forgive these accusations under the same rules as before. You are not to as much as look at another human for twenty years. Your buffet has just closed.”
	“You expect me to live off blood bags?”
	“I don’t mind chaining you in the dungeons and you can live off whatever bugs crawl in your mouth. What’s your choice?”
	“As long as you are aware that blood bags limit my powers.”
	“Yes, Jean Claude. It will save the furniture at least,” she responded before turning the subject to the task at hand. “I think you would both be interested in what the other has to say. Terrence, Jean Claude believes the owner of the garden is actually in search of the Mystic Dagger and his intention is to use it on me and take over the Confederation.”
	“That’s impossible,” Terrence replied. “The daggers have been missing for so many years that only sires recall their existence.”
	“It gets better, Terrence,” Jean Claude interjected. “The girl that’s been spending so much time with the Anderson is the prophecy. This Felipe guy abducted her cousin and turned him against the Legacy in an effort to keep her from knowing the truth. Now that she is of age, I think he plans to use Landon as a mole on the inside. He can learn everything from the Mother and eventually she will have to disclose the locations. “
	“I say we go back to my original order and kill them both,” Francesca stated.
	“You know why that won’t work, Frannie. We need Katrina to raise the next generation of hunters. Without hunters, the rogues would spin out of control,” Terrence said.
	“So?”
	“Not all of us can go as long as you without blood,” Terrence countered. “If the vampires are let loose on the world, humans will become extinct in a matter of years. We all know how you feel about that.”
	“Fine, we will let the girl live but what about that wretched kid? Why can’t we just kill him? If he’s not alive to pass the information along, then Felipe will be lost.”
	“Listen to me, Francesca. We aren’t killing anyone. Better yet, you will not order the taking of either of them. Do you understand me? The faster the two of them couple up, the sooner he will be made immortal and can no longer pass thoughts anyway,” Terrence said. 
	“Fine. But I don’t like it. Do you understand me?”
	“We will find someone for you to kill in due time. Trust me,” Jean Claude offered. “How wonderful would it be for you to kill Felipe? The irony will be great!”
	Terrence took the stage. “So, you are telling me this strange garden belongs to a sire. That would explain the number of graves but it doesn’t explain what Ratel has to do with this. He is hardly old enough. He’s what ten years old now, Jean Claude. You would know best.”
	“Terrence, now is not the time to bring that up. If I can move on, you should too,” Francesca replied. 
	“My point is, why would he have a mere fledgling working at his side?”
	“Because that fledgling is the perfect two face bastard. Why do you think I put so much effort into recruiting him?” Jean Claude answered.
	“I can tell you he is most definitely not a two faced bastard anymore,” Terrence said. “Any hint of humanity has left him. I thought by taking his wife to his burrow it would draw him out. I was wrong. He didn’t budge.”
	Francesca scowled, “I can understand why he’d be angry.” Straightening up, she continued, “Brother, you say he’s taking girls all over the Scranton area. I think the last number you gave me was pushing fifteen?”
	Terrence nodded and she continued, “But you say none of these bodies appear in the garden. What makes you believe he is working for this Felipe? What if this is just another of his insane ploys to throw us off track?”
“I have considered that, sister. The issue is any time I catch up with him, he disappears within days. The last time I found him, he relocated within twenty four hours. The only reason he would still be lingering is if he were working for someone. Why not Felipe?” 
	“Are you sure you were at his burrow last night?” Jean Claude asked. “I would think a jealous vampire like him would have come out and slashed your throat for stepping near his wife.”
	“I’m almost positive it was his burrow. It had all the same characteristics of his past homes. I just wonder where he gets the money to…” Terrence stopped short and looked Francesca in the eye. “Felipe must be paying him wonderfully. He needs girls and Ratel’s taken plenty.” 
	“Jean Claude,” Terrence considered. “You said Felipe was using Landon as a mole and Edmond as a way to monitor Katrina and her link to the Legacy. He also knows I have spent my time chasing Ratel all over the world. He is using Ratel to keep tabs on our situation,” Terrence said before turning back to Francesca. “Sister, it looks as though you will get your chance to kill something.”

IV
	When Emily returned from New York, she intended to head straight to the hidden rooms with Draco and help research. Asher had other plans. “Hey, Mom. Wanna go for a hike? I hear there’s an awesome state park outside of town with a dam we can hike to.”
	Emily was already building her excuse list when Draco stepped up behind Asher ready for a hike. “Hope’s getting her boots on and Tatum is borrowing the ones Hope outgrew last year,” he said. 
	“See, Mom. If Hope is going, you have to go.”
	Glaring at Draco, Emily accepted the invitation and headed up the stairs to get dressed dragging Draco in tow. “Again?” he whispered.
	“Of course not. Especially after that crap,” Emily growled. “There is a deadly psychopath on the loose and you want to go for a hike? That’s ridiculous.”
	“No, it most definitely is not ridiculous. We all need a break and Asher needs some attention. Hope isn’t thrilled about the trip either. Maybe the two of you can mope down the hill together.”
	“Would you like to know how my trip to New York went?”
	“She didn’t try to fry your brain, did she?”
	“No, should I have expected a brain melt?” Emily asked. Without waiting for an answer, she continued, “Don’t answer that. It actually went better than I expected with Lady Eleanor. She’s quite the adorable old woman. It was Katrina that surprised me. She heard me upstairs and sent Landon away.”
	“What do you mean away?”
	“She sent him down the street for coffee that he knew she didn’t want or need. She wasn’t discrete about it and he could tell she was hiding something from him, but he went. That girl might not be such a bad thing for our already mixed up and crazy family.”
	“Did he know what she was protecting him from?” Draco asked.
	Emily shook her head. “I dug further into his mind than I would have liked but I found some pretty unsettling information. First of all, did you know he went to the scene of the fire yesterday with Jean Claude and Katrina?”
	“No.”
	“Did you know that land was Katrina’s inheritance?”
	“No.”
	“Most importantly, were you aware that my son knows you and I are vampires and he believes his father is alive somewhere?”
	Draco was actually caught off guard by the last question. While it was not a surprise for him to know his mother was a vampire, the fact that he assumed John was alive and well was crazy. “What do you mean by alive?” 
	“When I first found the image, it was tucked into the furthest recess of his brain. It was John hanging on the perimeter fence during football practice the way he always did. I’m sure we own hundreds of pictures just like the image in his head. What concerned me was the spiral of questions circling the image.”
	“Did you catch any of the questions?”
	Emily was shaking her head as Hope stormed through the door. “I have plans this afternoon. Can we get this over with?”
	“Sure, Princess Hope. I would hate for the world to stop spinning around you.”
“Funny, Mom.”
	The drive to the Lackawanna State Park was a quiet one. Emily couldn’t push the images of her last two trips to the park out of her mind. Draco knew this would be a difficult place for Emily to come with her family but Asher refused any of the other choices laid before him. 
	Whispering low enough to be out of range for mortal ears, Emily asked Draco if he’d gotten blood from New York last night. “I completely forgot.”
	Taking no effort to hide her exasperation, Emily suggested she part from the group during their trip to the park. Draco nodded. 
	Emily waited until the family was deep into the fall foliage to sneak off to the bathroom. She winked at Draco and crept back up the path toward the park restroom inadvertently catching Tatum’s snotty thoughts. “Don’t judge, Tatum. This is your future.”
	When she reached the top of the incline, Emily was met by the mysterious stranger. “Ah, you must be the infamous Felipe Castillo. Neither of the children you seek are here today.”
	“I am well aware of that, Emily. I have my sources,” Felipe said as he trailed behind her. 
	“I know you only plan to use my son as leverage over myself and my colleagues, but what does Katrina matter to you?”
	“If she lives past midnight tomorrow, we may all die. Have you considered that fact?” 
	Emily truly hated it when people answered a question with a question but this vampire was significantly older and therefore much stronger. Letting the irritation roll off her shoulders, she answered, “Yes, I have and if that means a natural future for my children then so be it.”
	“Let me put it this way, Emily. I don’t plan to die. That stupid mortal boy may have been dumb enough to allow his love for the girl to prevent him from eternity, but I suggest you see the light I offer. You can spend eternity with your children or you can watch them die. Either way, I will have what I want and chances are that means Katrina’s death.”
	“I’m sorry, Felipe, but I don’t believe that girl is what you’re after. If it were, you would not have Edmond researching so deeply or running all over New England in search of some mystical weapon,” Emily said. “For the sake of simplicity, I suggest you share your true motives and save me all the trouble of seeking them out.”
	“You are awful feisty for a mere fledgling. I could use your courage when it comes time to fight,” Felipe said. “And if you ever need a quick release, I would be happy to fulfill your needs.”
	“How did you…”
	“I told you, I have my sources,” he answered. “Now if you’ll excuse me, I have an impromptu trip to Connecticut to see to. There is a group of stoners at the back pond. Most are just misguided teens but I think an older boy will fit your pedophile mold.”
	Emily swore she heard Felipe yell back happy hunting and she watched him run off. Emily quickly made her way to the backside of the park ignoring the sneaking suspicion that she was running into a trap. Sure enough, there was group of boys sitting out on the little island smoking up. She quickly scaled a tree overlooking the pond and watched the boys. 
	The three youngest boys couldn’t have been older than thirteen and thought they were just the coolest guys around because they were hanging out with high school stoners while the remaining two boys were very different. The oldest boy was seventeen and reminded Emily of her own teenage boy. He knew what he was doing was wrong but he figured he had his whole life ahead of him so why not live a little. 
	Felipe must have been talking about the last boy. At sixteen, Emily could already pluck a very colorful history from his brain. The boy was already guilty of rape and his only regret was that he didn’t kill her before he left through her window. Despite all these horrible facts, Emily still saw a young boy. I really suck at this vampire thing, she thought as she left that area of the park. 
	Heavy panting caused her to stop as she passed the camp ground. The sounds appeared to emanate from a tent pitched under a copse of elm but as Emily listened closer the sounds became more beastly. When Emily stepped around a large SUV parked in the small drive to the campsite, she nearly tripped over herself in her attempt to stay out of view. 
	A wolf stood staring at the tent in such an unnatural way that he possessed more of a human attribute than one would generally see in a wild canine. Had it not been for the humans trapped inside the tent, Emily may have just disappeared into the forest and let the animal be. Instead, her morality took over and she attacked the wolf. 

V
	It pained Felipe both physically and emotionally to step onto Katrina’s land. He hadn’t counted on the land reversing polarity so easily. After all the work he’d done to ensure Katrina’s inheritance for himself, one visit from the prophecy undid everything. Despite the painful pull deep inside his bones, Felipe had to reach the silhouette in the backyard. “How nice to see you.”
	“Felipe, I didn’t expect you until tomorrow.” 
	“I am quite aware of that but someone of my status can’t afford predictability now can he?”
	“I apologize but I haven’t found the weapon. My research has dragged me back to this horrible scene but I haven’t yet descended the stairs,” Edmond said.
	“I will make things easy for you. As of today, you have officially outlived your usefulness and since I have already replaced you, it is time for you to die.”
	“But, sir. I believe the dagger is here on this property. Please, give me a chance.”
	“You can’t possibly be that naive. If the dagger had been here, I would have had no reason to entrance you into burning it down.”
	“I didn’t burn this house down.”
	“And that is one of the glories of entrancement. You don’t remember doing anything I have requested of your subconscious. If only you’d fought a bit harder. Do you ever consider the wonderful lives your siblings would have had? They would have adored Katrina.”
	“Don’t speak of my family. They were nothing to you.”
	“They were a means to an end, just as you are. For your sake, I hope you don’t meet them in the afterlife. I’m sure they are not happy with you killing them and all.”
	Edmond was stunned. In all the years he’d been caring for Katrina, he always thought it was in her best interest that he do as Felipe demanded with the true belief that he was saving her from such a demon. Even as he packed his bags for Plymouth without telling her, he was so sure he would find the dagger and remove his sister from Felipe’s influence. Now here he stood staring at the demon controlling him with no idea what to do or what to say. All he could think about were the words being spoken to him. Did I really burn both houses to the ground? he thought.
	The images Felipe fed to Edmond dropped him to his knees. He watched a fifteen year old boy douse three beds with gasoline and throw a match into the puddle before walking from the flames unscathed. When the police came, they found traces of gasoline on the boy’s shoes and hands and a book of matches in his pocket. Despite being caught red handed, the police still turned the boy over to his aunt and uncle.
	The next picture was even worse. While there was a significant lack of gasoline and matches, the black powder he painstakingly spread around the outside of the house was just as bad. The pain he felt deep in his chest triggered his subconscious and a flood of memories came back to him, the worst was the small bundle of blankets he carried from Katrina’s bedroom as the house burnt around them.
	“Why did you make me do such vile things?”
	“Obviously, I couldn’t get my hands dirty. You were just a tool in the grand scheme. It’s just too bad you went against my orders and retrieved Katrina from her bed. What a full, healthy life you could have had if you’d just let her torch alongside her parents. Though, I didn’t expect her to be so useful in my search for the weapon.”
	“What does that mean?”
	“She has led me right into the hunters’ arms. I may not be able to read her mind but the boy’s is an open book,” Felipe said before realizing they had strayed from the subject. “You know what, you may be right. I’m not really sure how killing you is going to truly help me.”
	It took a minute for it to sink into Edmond’s overworked brain that Felipe was setting him free. “I can go?” he asked. 
“Sure, why not,” Felipe answered. He waited for Edmond to reach his car before jumping through the air and sinking his teeth into the soft tissue of the man’s throat. Sadly, Edmond didn’t even put up a fight. He was drained in seconds and dropped to the ground. Felipe stepped over him and drove the car into the lowering evening sun. 
October 19

I
	Katrina had never been so excited about her birthday. In years past, she and Edmond just made a small cake and sang happy birthday around the kitchen table. Despite the mediocrity of the celebration, she looked forward to the recognition. While she was a little sad about losing this special time with her brother forever, the future was beginning to brighten. 
	Landon and Katrina pulled into the driveway of their new home just as the sun fell behind it. Landon put Bumblebee in park and leaned over to kiss Katrina. “Happy Birthday, Kat. I just want you to know how much I love you and how excited I am to spend eternity by your side.”
	Katrina just smiled and kissed him back as the front door of the house sprung open and Asher ran out to the truck. “It’s your birthday, Katrina. Wait ‘til you see what I got you!” he cried as he dragged her from the passenger seat and up the steps to the house. 
	The inside of the house was overflowing with streamers and balloons; more balloons than Katrina had ever seen in one place. Setting on a table in the corner was a large pink birthday cake surrounded by wrapped boxes of every size but the closer Katrina came to the cake, the redder it became. When she stepped up to the cake, runes began to take shape in the frosting. She turned away in horror to find Landon. The shirt she buried her face in smelled oddly of copper and soil. 
	“It’s ok, Katrina. You won’t have to endure this horrible life any longer,” said the gruff voice through its oddly thick accent. She looked up into the face of Felipe Castillo who repaid her fear with two painful teeth piercing her neck. 
	She could hear Landon screaming her name as Felipe drained her and dropped her onto the floor. Her body was shaking all over and her clothes were becoming too tight to breathe through. 
	Her eyes flew open and she was staring into Landon’s fearful eyes. “He’s going to kill me tonight, Landon.”
	“Who?” Landon asked.
	“Felipe. It was in my dream. He just drained me and left.” Katrina jumped from her chaotic bedding and paced the length of Draco’s bedroom. “What am I going to do?”
	Landon watched her pace a few laps before stepping into her path. “No one is going to kill you tonight,” he said in an attempt to reassure her. “Remember what Lady Eleanor said. You will be in the dream but it’s not necessarily you these things are going to happen to.”
	“Then we need to get home. Felipe is going to try to kill someone tonight.”
	“Katrina, calm down. We have to go see Lady Eleanor first. She can give us some advice while we’re there and then we’ll head home.”

***
	Katrina placed her hand on Landon’s arm as he reached out to grab the door knob into Lady Eleanor’s bookstore. “There is something else about the dream that’s been bothering me.”
	Landon let his hand fall and turned to look at Katrina. “What is it, Kat?”
“In my dream, you said you couldn’t wait to spend eternity with me. I have interpreted that single line many times in the last hour. I just don’t want you to-”
	“Katrina, stop. I understand your dreams are premonitions but you already know I’m in it forever. I don’t know what it is about you, but I already know I love you and I’ve told you I’m not going anywhere. If that means eternity together, so be it. I just hope you don’t get too pudgy after 2000 years of pregnancy.” Landon made a face that made Katrina giggle and opened the door. The feeling of his hand on her back made her knees melt and nearly buckle under her. 
	Her moment of bliss was cut short by the voice of her second grade teacher. It almost made her turn and run back the way she’d come. The sight of him was less discouraging as he trailed behind his elderly mother who threw her arms around Katrina and wished her a happy birthday. Katrina forced a smile and said thank you.
	“Katrina, you’ve grown up so much since second grade. Happy Birthday.”
	“Thank you, Mr. Howell,” Katrina responded.
	Lady Eleanor led the way to the kitchen, which already smelled strongly of peppermint and chamomile. “Lady Eleanor, is there something I should prepare for? You already have my tea on the stove.”
	“Yes, Katrina. I won’t lie to you. The news Joseph has come to share with me may come as a shock. Please have a seat, children,” she said as she gathered the tea pot and mugs for the table. Once everyone was settled with their tea, she continued. “Joseph has come to me today to confirm Edmond’s death.”
	“Could that have been what my dream was meant to represent?” Katrina asked.
	“I believe so,” Lady Eleanor responded.
	“I am ashamed to say I am relieved. Not because my brother is dead, but because I don’t have to spend the next few days looking over my shoulder expecting death or waiting for an unsuspecting Anderson to be hurt,” Katrina said.
	“Is there anything else you would like to ask me before we move on?”
	“There was another part of my dream that is still bothering me. Landon made a comment in my dream about being with me forever. How is that possible? Even if I’m to become immortal on my birthday, Landon is still just a human.”
	“Whoever you choose to spend the rest of your life with will begin the transformation to immortality alongside you on your wedding day. You must realize this means that you too will be mortal until that day. Your birthday is the day the suppressed magic in your blood begins to work. The marriage rites are what give you immortality,” Lady Eleanor said. “Now both of you hold on right there. I know you can’t read each other’s thoughts but I can. I’m not going to reveal what the other is thinking but I want you both to think on it before saying anything.”
	Landon and Katrina just looked at each other; Katrina with a stern look and Landon with pink cheeks. When they looked back to the table, Joseph was laughing silently. “Here are the books, Mother,” he said as he began removing things from the table. 
	“Thank you, dear. Katrina, these two books are the most important books to a hunter. More so than any of the books you have found about vampires. These books will teach you how to protect yourself as well as know your surroundings.” The first book Lady Eleanor opened was so big it took up most of the table top. As she flipped through pages, Katrina couldn’t help but think of Edmond. She actually wondered if Edmond’s love for gardening stemmed from the brief time he spent in a hunting home. 
	“Is that just a book of plants,” Landon asked. 
	“The Verdant is the oldest book in the Cole Legacy. It’s even older than Kol’s journal, Katrina. In this book, you will find any organic matter that will affect you. For instance, had you possessed this book before you entered the apple orchard, not only would you have known the horrible effects wolfsbane has on a hunter but you would have also known the remedy.”
	Katrina gasped and began digging through her bag for the printed copy of Nymphidia. “When we got back from our pointless trip to the garden, I found this poem open on my computer with this section highlighted.”

And first her fern-seed doth bestow,
The kernel of the mistletoe;
And here and there as Puck should go,
With terror to affright him,
She nightshade straws to work him ill, 
Therewith her vervain and dill,
That hindereth witches of their will,
Of purpose to despite him.

“I only know why this was left for you because Draco came to me with the information. Emily found your room laced with verbena. Take this book and find the page for that plant.” 
	Landon suppressed his shock, though judging by Lady Eleanor’s subtle glare, she was able to catch the surprise. After what seemed like forever, Katrina opened to the right page. “Verbena, commonly referred to as Vervain, has often been used as a literary tool to diminish a witch’s powers. Cole’s aren’t witches in the mainstream sense of the word but the same flowering plant is often placed around us by menacing individuals to lessen our dreams.
	“So what you’re telling me, is Edmond laced my room with this adorable purple flower to keep me from dreaming about whatever it is he’s up to?”
	“That is exactly what I’m saying, child,” Lady Eleanor replied. “When Draco came to me with this concern, I sent him back with a birch box of euphrasia to be placed under your bed and I have also woven you a few euphrasia bracelets. Commonly referred to as Eye Bright, the leaves and stem of this plant will broaden your abilities and enable you to see more. Be warned that the effects of euphrasia are extremely strong. Not only will you have debilitating dreams, but it is possible for you to have premonitions while awake as well.”
	“Then can’t she just take it off for a few hours a day for a mental break?” Landon asked. 
	“While her life may be in danger, no definitely not. If she lowers that defensive wall between her and her pursuers, they can take advantage. Once the danger has passed, I will weave a bracelet of verbena myself to give her a few hours of relief.”
	Katrina took the bracelet from Lady Eleanor and slipped it over her hand. Despite the fact that it was a bit large for her wrist, Katrina immediately felt like a new person. The room seemed to take on a new, happier aura and oddly, she swore she could hear the thoughts jumbled inside Landon’s head. 
	Lady Eleanor produced another book and set it in the center of the table. “This book is extremely important to our family. This is where the written language of many Scandinavian and British civilizations began. I believe scholars today refer to them as runes.”
	The cover of the book was decorated with the map Katrina found in Kol’s journal; the only map she had that showed all three runes together. “Before we open this book, I have a couple questions. What do these three runes represent and why do they glow when I see them?”
	“I can see you already understand the three levels of a rune. Letter, pictograph and magic. When you are close to them, their magical properties become prominent and they glow. Eihwaz represents a protected meeting house for hunters. You have already seen the dangers hiding behind the Thurisaz rune. The last rune is Othila. I know when you saw the rune on the tree outside the burnt house, Jean Claude said that means you now own the house. He wasn’t wrong; it was just a very basic explanation. Othila is the rune of inheritance but hunters use it to represent Cole family homes that are to be handed down through the family.”
	“Does that mean there are no permanent Cole’s in Northeastern Pennsylvania?” Landon asked. 
	“Precisely. I would also assume that is why Felipe chose to settle there.”
	“So, that house truly is mine? Well, house is a loose term,” Katrina asked.
	“Yes, child. One day, a home will be erected where the rubble lay for your family to grow from.”

II
	Emily knew deep in her bones that something big was going to happen. Felipe was just throwing too many false leads in their direction for his plan to be something small. The list of people he supposedly planned to kill or transform had become obscene. The truth had to be hidden somewhere within that list, but she didn’t have the slightest clue where to begin looking.
	When she reached the grounds, the partial truth came from within the house. She could hear Felipe giving someone orders to collect a dozen virgins for the first blood ceremony. He said the ceremony would be held at the savage garden at the full moon. In her research, Emily didn’t find a single name belonging to a recently transformed vampire. Each and every vampire buried within the garden had been a member of the undead for at least half a century. 
	Why could he possibly need a first blood ceremony at the garden? There didn’t appear to be any freshly taken bodies to drink of it.
	”Do you understand your task, Mr. Planker? You are to bring me at least twelve female virgins by next Monday. If you do not produce, I will personally exterminate you… It is not my job to figure out how to transport a dozen underage girls across state lines. Figure it out.”
	That name, Mr. Planker, revived an image in Emily’s mind. She knew she’d heard the name before and she saw a black and white photograph of a boy wearing a football jersey. Katrina’s research, she thought. This boy was abducted transformed and returned. He has no footstone. How many other fledglings does he have that we don’t know about?
	The beep of the phone signaled the end of the conversation but Emily was in too much shock to leave the grounds and return to Draco with the information. Felipe, sensing Emily’s presence, stepped out his front door and beckoned her to join him on the porch. “Did you really think you could stand outside my house and listen to my conversation unnoticed?”
	“I didn’t come to listen to a conversation, Felipe. But since you brought it up…”
“I will tell you anything you want to know, Emily, but before we delve into your mundane and ridiculous questions, tell me one thing. Have you considered our conversation?”
	“I sure did.”
	“And your decision?”
	“I haven’t changed my mind. I have no problem sacrificing every vampire alive for my children.”
	“I think when you find what Lady Eleanor has in mind for the boy, you may change your mind.” Felipe said.
	“Do I want to know how you can possibly know so much about my life?” Emily asked before realizing she already knew. “How long have you been following my family?”
	“I have no urge to follow your ridiculous grouping of live children and undead parentage. You can take my word on such things. Now what is it you wanted to know about my conversation with the young Cori Planker?”
	“What good is a first blood sacrifice in a garden graveyard of fully transformed vampires?” Emily asked.
	“Ahh, young one. Let me ask you a question. What makes you so sure that the bodies buried beneath the headstones are those of that name?” 
	Emily didn’t know what to say. She honestly had not considered the fact that the headstones may have been placed there to throw off the Confederation’s researchers. Then again, she also had no idea what was truth and what was just cover-up. After a minute of thought, she answered. “Let me just summarize all the plots you’ve revealed in the last week. You want Francesca dead so you can take over the Confederation. You want Katrina dead so she can’t create a new legacy. Oh, and what was it about my son? That’s right, you said you wanted to take him to the other side but never mentioned why. I call that a bluff whereas the first two could be possible.” Emily paused.
	“Now there is one plot you revealed to Edmond but I’m not sure you planned for me to know. But I just don’t understand what makes you think you will ever find the Mystic Dagger.”
	“Well, aren’t you just a young Sherlock Holmes.”
	“That brings me back to the original conundrum.  You say that different bodies are hidden under those name plaques but if they were in fact humans in transition, wouldn’t I hear thoughts as I roamed? Before the transition is complete, they are still human.”
	“I guess you will just have to be here for the full moon on October 23rd. I think you will enjoy the surprises I have in store. As far as the dagger, I have my sources,” Felipe said. “And don’t worry about Edmond. He’s no longer a problem… or a solution for that matter.”

III
	The silence was deafening. Landon had so many things he wanted to say but he knew Katrina would just throw them all back in his face so he drove through the Pennsylvania forests with her chewing her nails to the right of him. 
	For the first time in weeks, Katrina was able to sit and think about her own life without any nudging from supernatural beings. She couldn’t escape a trip down memory lane in the serenity of the passenger seat. This trip was a short one, each memory centering around Landon or his absence. Consciously, she knew Landon had only been around for two weeks while subconsciously, she couldn’t remember her life without him. Before him had been a dreary and lonely existence peppered with brief happy memories of Edmond. Since his arrival, she had more smiles and happy moments alongside more heart wrenching horrors. 
	Somewhere outside Scranton, Katrina broke the silence. “I’m destined for immortality, Landon. I will never age and will always have more children than I can count. There will never be a restful moment as I care for them and train them to kill undead beings. You will never have much of my attention.”
	“Stop protecting me, Katrina. I’ve never felt more alive than when I’m at your side. I know you feel the same way because I can see it when you look at me.”
	Katrina sat for a moment. He was right. She had said just a few days ago how important Landon had been throughout this research. “But you deserve so much better.”
	“And I believe the same for you but look at the situation at hand. We only have each other. Who would either of us turn to?”
	“Landon, how do you plan to be an immortal vampire hunter when you have a set of vampire parents? It’s not like either of you are going to die. Even so, you have a family. I have nothing to lose.”
	“If you have nothing to lose, then you have everything to gain! Look at the last few days. You have to realize that Draco and my mother moved all of your things from your home to theirs knowing that you may want to kill them.”
	“Ok, then consider this. If you live forever you will get to see Hope and Asher die, their children and grandchildren die while our family thrives and lives forever. How are you going to handle that?”
	“How is anyone going to handle that? Would you prefer to live all of eternity beside a man without any family or knowledge of how important family is? I would think my sentimentality towards my family would make you want me raising your slew of children.”
	“I can’t believe we are having this conversation. I’m only seventeen today and I’ve known you two weeks. How can we possibly discuss this rationally?” Katrina exploded.
	“Nothing about this conversation or our situation is normal or rational at best, Katrina. We just need to roll with things as they come. AND Lady Eleanor didn’t say we have to get married today. We have some time to think about it, right?”
	“Not necessarily, Landon. As long as you are mortal and going everywhere with me, your thoughts are unsafe. Anything you know can be picked right out of your mind leaving a huge breach in my safety as well as the safety of the Cole Legacy. If I chose not to accept you, I will have to remove you from my life completely.”
	“And live where?”
	“With Lady Eleanor in New York City.”
	“You are being asinine,” Landon muttered. 
	“Do you even want to know how the transition works? It can’t be as easy as you marry me and live forever.”
	“No, it doesn’t affect my decision. I would do anything for you, Kat.”
	“Landon, I-”
	“No, you just don’t get it. You are my life now, Katrina. I will do anything it takes to protect you from whatever is out to hurt you. I understand that you are the more powerful half of this relationship but how many times do I have to tell you I love you?” Landon pulled off Interstate 81 into a local park and killed the engine. 
	“Here’s the deal,” he continued. “I’m not going anywhere. You will have to kill me yourself if you want me to leave your side and yes I am fully aware of what I sound like. You have two choices here. Watch me die at the end of your knife or marry me.”
	Katrina opened her door and walked away from the truck. It took Landon a mere two seconds to jump from his door and run after her. “Kat, stop.” When he reached her, she was sitting on the bank of a small creek tossing rocks into the water. 
	“Edmond used to bring me here when I was really little. We would play up there at the water mat for a little while first. Then we would come down here and chase the crayfish.” Almost absentmindedly, Katrina lifted a large rock at the edge of the water and watched a pair of crayfish scamper away. “It used to make me laugh the way they swam backwards.” Katrina giggled at the memory and dropped the rock into place creating a large splash. 
	“Then one day the trips just stopped. He still took me to the beach each summer but it just wasn’t the same. It was almost robotic. The summer before I turned fourteen, I got my period and everything changed. He almost stopped talking to me altogether. Like I was just some roommate and not his little sister.” Katrina picked up a handful of rocks and scattered them across the far bank. 
	“I can’t say I understand your childhood. Mom and Draco made mine so wonderful that the shiny moments outweigh the bad. Even though he never lived with us, Draco did everything he could to make sure the three of us were happy. Not that Mom wasn’t wonderful, too. She just worked a whole lot more than Draco did. Nothing changed until we came here.”
	Katrina scooted closer to Landon and leaned her head on his shoulder. “When you are around, the hollow spots inside me fill up. It’s like my body just doesn’t remember what it’s like to be miserable.”
	“Then why not spend eternity with me?” 
	“Because I love you too much to make you sacrifice a real life to take on my crazy one.”
	“That’s ridiculous. Look at Lady Eleanor. She spent close to two thousand years with Kol and it still wasn’t long enough. I want that to be us.” Landon hooked one finger under Katrina’s chin and pulled her lips to meet his. 
	“I guess I will marry you,” she muttered.

IV
	In a moment of desperation, Terrence and Jean Claude were able to convince Francesca to leave her cave in the sky and go out on true vampire business with them. It was extremely awkward at first but the further they ran from the big city into the uninhabited wilderness of the Appalachian Mountains, the more the trip felt like the centuries of comfort and friendship they shared before their ridiculous separation. 
	“Hey, Frannie. Remember that giant brown bear in Switzerland?” Terrence asked.
	“Don’t mock me, brother. I remember the mouflon when you first transformed. Was it embarrassing to get your vampire ass kicked by an oversized sheep?” Francesca replied. “And don’t think I don’t hear you giggling behind me Jean Claude. If it weren’t for me, you would have been eaten by that band of wolves.”
	It’s true. One of the rules the trio made for themselves was never to hurt a human. Though they knew as vampires the urge to feed on humans would always be prominent, their transformation to vampirism wasn’t for that purpose. It was just a means to be free of the royal requirements of the sixteenth century British Isles. 
	Somewhere toward the end of the seventeenth century, the lack of human blood caught up with them. As death due to desiccation closed in on Francesca, it became painfully obvious that they needed to consume human blood to keep themselves alive. Jean Claude was the first to drain and kill a human. The blood did wonders for his health and state of mind and he soon ensured Francesca and Terrence were both well fed.
	Neither of them anticipated the sexual drive that comes with human blood. Francesca and Jean Claude soon turned into sex craved teenagers leaving Terrence feeling like a third wheel. After months of dealing with his own impulses, he fled the group in search of a better fit. Nobody expected for this detour to land him in New Orleans during its creation.
	“Hey, Terrence,” Jean Claude yelled ahead. “How about we go find a few moose.”
	“I guess we could do that. I was really looking forward to a black bear though.”
	“Boys, let’s not turn this into another one of your macho competitions.”
	“I have an idea, Terrence. If you can drain a black bear, Francesca and I will give up our city life and we can move back to the wilderness with you and Jodi, no hard feelings. If Francesca drains a mountain lion, you have to come live with us in the city. Here’s the deal though, I think Francesca is ready to have us all back together under one roof. Am I right?”
	“And you have to pay to replace that door you shattered, brother.”
	“Sounds like we have an agreement. Let’s hunt. Either way, when we are finished we have a honey badger to kill,” Terrence said.
	They were all so happy to be back together on civil terms that the men couldn’t quiet themselves long enough to attract an animal large enough to kill. When a large mountain lion finally came within view, it was Francesca that made the fatal mistake that scared it off again. Luckily, her boys just joked that if she’d leave that pretty penthouse occasionally, she would still know how to hunt. Neither of the dopes realized it was done on purpose. 
	Once Terrence found a black bear and successful drained it, the trio headed back to Pennsylvania to flush Ratel from his burrow. 
	A rotted and chipped door rattled in the wind at the entrance to the underground lair. Terrence placed a hand on Jean Claude's shoulder and looked into his eyes. “I don’t have any idea what to expect in there. After ten years of chasing him, his next move is still a mystery to me each time he moves on. Just keep that in mind as we descend to his level.” 
	Terrence took the lead followed closely by Francesca and Jean Claude in the back. The last thing the men wanted was to find Felipe at the bottom yielding the one dagger that could take Francesca from them both. 
	“You have to be kidding me!” Terrence yelled as he plucked a handwritten note from the coffee table. 
	“What does it say,” Francesca asked.
	“Just the typical antagonistic comments he usually leaves for me when he skips town. I’m sorry sister, but I’ve lost him again.”
	The afternoon was so wonderful with her two favorite people that she didn’t know which reaction to take with Terrence. While he would expect her to scream and yell, Jean Claude had been right when he assumed she wanted her family reunited. “Here’s the thing, Terrence. As long as that bastard is alive, he is a black mark on the history of the Confederation. His very existence makes us all look bad. On top of that, he is clearly working with Felipe Castillo on whatever scheme he is planning.”
	“I understand, sister. I think the best thing for you right now is to return to your penthouse with Jean Claude. I will stick around here and see if I can get a lead on where he’s headed.”
	“Are you sure that’s a good idea, Terrence?” Jean Claude asked. 
	“You heard him, Jean Claude. Let’s go.” Francesca threw some superiority into her voice and took charge. “Terrence, you will find him tonight and return to New York. That is an order and if you fail…”
	“Yes, Madame.”

V
	“Draco, I think we may have bigger problems than we thought.”
	“What is it, Emily.”
	“Tatum has just given me her finished project. The list from Lady Eleanor was a lot of help in narrowing the research but it appears we still have a dozen known vampires associated with Felipe.” All the color rushed from Emily’s face as she finished her explanation. “The last sighting for most of them is listed as Northern Pennsylvania and New York.”
	“Are you telling me that we are surrounded by twelve-”
	Emily was quick to answer, “They aren’t all ancients. Their ages vary drastically.”
	Draco took the list from Emily’s outstretched arm. According to the dates listed, all but three of Felipe’s fledglings were seen in the area in the last six months and not since. “You said Terrence has a dungeon under his office with holding cells, right. Do you think Felipe could be holding each one of his girls in the same way?”
	“I guess anything’s possible,” Emily answered. “What reason would he have to do so?”
	“That’s just another question to add to the list, now isn’t it?” Draco conceded. “You said he seemed a little dodgy when you asked questions about the graves. Is there a chance that he’s the one killing all these young girls around town and tossing them into graves where he has his fledglings entombed?”
	“Again, anything is possible. There is a large flaw in that theory though. I heard him on the phone giving an order about a first blood ceremony. If he were throwing bodies into the graves just to be consumed, there would be no reason for a first blood ceremony and none of this explains his need for the dagger. To make matters worse, he was talking to Cori Planker, the boy Katrina was researching from Grover, Colorado. I’m worried he may have a vast spread of unknown fledglings.”
	“As scary as that sounds, let’s just focus on the names we do have for now.”
	“What about Katrina’s research?” Emily asked. “That map of hers has pins referencing articles with names and dates. That would give us so much more info.”
	“That is if all the pins are related to Felipe. I agree that it would be nice to have a larger list of possible coven members. We just don’t need a larger list. 
	Exasperated, Emily said, “We know a few things. We know Felipe is searching for the Mystic Dagger. We may not have any idea what he plans to use it for but at least we know he most likely has no interest in Francesca or her Confederation.”
	Emily continued, “We also know Katrina is the heir to the Cole Legacy and today she makes the transition from typical teenage child to immortal vampire hunter. Did I mention she will be living under our roof and therefore putting our lives in her hands?
	“We know Terrence is searching for some rogue vampire who appears to be scouring the countryside for out of line teenage girls.” Emily stopped and stared at Draco. 
	“What is it, Emily?”
	“I think Ratel is working for Felipe. What if he is gathering girls and stashing them in the garden? That must be what he meant by a surprise for me on the full moon. It’s going to be a scene right out of the plagues. Girls are going to be rising out of the ground all over the countryside to reach the Fountain of Youth, as Felipe has named it.”
	“That still doesn’t explain why his fledglings are all in the area. Something still doesn’t add up, Emily.”
	“I know and it doesn’t explain the dagger either. Have you found anything in Edmond’s papers that might explain it?”
	“All I found was a printed transcript of Beowulf with some barely legible scribblings in the margin about melting silver and Richard the Lion Heart.” 
	“What about the journals?”
	“I have read John Cole Knight of Agincourt’s journal front to back at least four times. I still have no idea what Edmond could have found helpful in it.”
	Emily took the journal from the table and started flipping through the pages. “Draco, my dear, have you noticed these light marks in the corners of each page?”
	“What mark?” Draco asked as he bent his face closer to the book. “They’re letters but they don’t match the handwriting on the page. Grab a piece of paper.” 
	Working together, Draco and Emily worked page by page to transcribe the letters onto one large paper. Once the job was finished, all they had was a jumble of consonants. “Before we take this any further, Draco, we need to look through all the journals and see if any others have oddly placed writing within it.”
	“That’s not a bad idea, love. I will start with the books at the top of the shelves and you start from the bottom.”
	“Mom? Draco? Is anyone home?” Landon’s calling from the front door unexpectedly broke Draco and Emily from their search.
	“Emily, go take care of the boy and I will keep searching. If you could do some research on Richard the Lion Heart while you are stuck outside this room that may truly help our forward momentum. Lady Eleanor said he commissioned the creation of the daggers. ” 
	“Yes, dear,” Emily said before leaving Draco to his scavenger hunt. 
	“Hey, guys. How was your weekend?” Emily asked. The verbal responses said one thing but Landon’s thoughts said another. “What do you mean you’re getting married!”
	“Mom, I’m going to pretend you didn’t just read my mind in search for information I wasn’t willing to share and focus on the fact that you can read my mind.”
“And as I read the rest of your thoughts, I see there is absolutely no reason for us to have that conversation. Yes, I’m a vampire but that doesn’t make me any less your mother.”
	“Mrs. Anderson. There is a whole lot more than we’re getting married. As much as I wish Landon would make a different decision, it might be in everyone’s best interest for him to make that choice.”
	“Katrina…” Emily started and stopped.
	“Mom, Katrina is going to have an extremely long night tonight. How about we have this ridiculous fight tomorrow,” Landon said before pushing past his mother.
	“No, Landon,” Katrina said. “Your mother has every right to know what’s going on in your life. If the both of you are going to live forever, you are going to have to talk to each other.” 
	Emily and Landon both stopped in their tracks and stared at Katrina. “What happened to that shy little reject that didn’t know how to associate with anyone?” Landon asked. 
	“She was forced to grow up and confront the world around her. Now it’s your turn,” she answered. “I am going to the bathroom. Why don’t you take that time to talk to your mother?”
	“Son, have a seat at the table and I’ll make you some dinner,” Emily suggested as she rummaged through the fridge. Busying herself with grilled cheese sandwiches was the perfect excuse to keep her mind from wandering into Landon’s thoughts. 
	Setting a steaming plate of sandwiches on the table brought her to her son’s side. “You need to look at things from my view, Landon. You are only eighteen years old and Katrina seventeen. How do you know you want to spend the rest of your life with her? Marriage is a big commitment.”
	“I’m perfectly aware of the commitment. There is something you haven’t considered though. Every day I spend with Katrina, I put her at risk. Anything she learns, I learn and my thoughts aren’t guarded as you have just proven.”
“You are going to marry a girl you have known for two weeks to keep her safe? Aren’t you just a regular old knight.”
	“Nice attitude. I’m glad to see where your priorities lie.”
	“All I have wanted is for my children to have normal lives. To live life to the fullest and then die. Every choice I have made since my transformation has been to protect that. How am I supposed to feel when you walk in the house planning to marry a vampire hunter? And not just any hunter, the mother of all hunters to come?”
	“I wish everyone would just stop trying to protect me! If any of you would just step back and look at me you would see how wonderful this decision is for me!” Landon exploded before storming from the room.
	Emily was still sitting in her chair shredding a napkin when Katrina came in. “Mrs. Anderson, I think you should hear me out,” she said settling into Landon’s chair and helping herself to a sandwich. “I am well aware of the reason you were relocated to Pennsylvania. Francesca was nice enough to leave me a few notes threatening my life. I understand that marrying me is the last thing you want for your son. What you don’t understand is marrying anyone is the last thing I want at all.”
	Katrina paused to inhale half a sandwich. In that time, Emily rose from the table to fetch the girl a glass of milk. “Thank you,” she said taking the glass. “Look at it from the point of Landon’s health and safety. You have spent his entire life convincing him that paranormal beings are just the focal point of movies and books. Well, now he knows that vampires are real and he’s been raised by one. If we let him loose on the world with his limited knowledge, he will get himself killed in the span of a few days.”
	Emily just nodded along as Katrina spoke. “The most important thing I can tell you is that I don’t plan to allow any of this to happen for a few years at least-”
	“The sooner it happens the safer everyone is,” Landon said reappearing in the doorway.
	“Don’t go thinking so highly of yourself, little boy. I can always just have Mr. Howell chauffer me. That will keep your thoughts clean and you innocent,” Katrina said.
	Emily’s eyes lit up. “Is that really possible?”
	“That’s ridiculous, Kat. As far as we’ve come together, you are just going to shove me in a dark closet and turn out the light?”
	“Think of it as me protecting my virginity,” Katrina said before the blood flooded her face and she rushed from the room leaving Landon and Emily laughing behind her.




Part three

I have touched you, heard you, felt the comfort of your presence – the sweetness of your consolidation: I cannot give up these joys. I have little left in myself – I must have you. The world may laugh – may call me absurd, selfish – but it does not signify. My very soul demands you: it will be satisfied, or it will take deadly vengeance on its frame.
-Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre




October 20

I
	“Joseph, my son. What have you uncovered about this ridiculous graveyard garden in the woods?”
	“It looks bad. Felipe has prepared the garden for the most savage first blood ceremony I have ever witnessed. From what I’ve gathered from the Anderson Clan, he has fledglings bringing in virgins by the hordes,” Joseph replied.
	“What of the fountain?”
“Honestly, Mother, he has taken the time to plant night phlox in a perfect circle around the fountain. I believe he is really planning to run the fountain red.”
	Lady Eleanor stood from the table and poured herself a cup of tea from the kettle on the stove. “It sounds like we’d better make a plan, Boy. Call in the Brethren.” 
	"Yes, Mother. I will summon them to the castle. What shall I tell them?"
"Tell them we have a situation that all must be present to eradicate. Once I have everything in order, I will speak to the lot."
	"When can we expect you?"
	Lady Eleanor took a moment to think on the subject. "Plan for Thursday evening. We will feast at sunset."
	Joseph stood to embrace his mother before leaving. "And Joseph, be sure to leave Katrina from the loop. She is not ready."
	Once Joseph left the room, Lady Eleanor retreated to her rooftop garden, tea cup in hand. The first step to countering Felipe's big plan was the reversal of the night phlox giving her precisely three days to make enough dragonwort elixir to save the unusually high number of virgins at risk. 
	To make matters more complicated, Lady Eleanor knew how difficult it would be to convince the family heads to risk their virgin daughters for the task at hand. As her plan began to unfold, the old woman plucked the oversized petals and crumpled them into her cauldron. 
	Just as the strong scent of rotting corpses became more than she could handle, she sensed Katrina’s rebirth. She couldn’t help but shed a few silent tears as she thought of Kol. He’d lost his life to ensure the girl would live. Now here she stood holding a flower that smelled like a rotten corpse while the girl transitioned to fulfill the prophecy. “I will be with you soon enough,” she said aloud to her lost love. 
	Dropping the crushed leaves into her cauldron as she passed, Lady Eleanor headed to her kitchen to call Katrina. She needed to hear the girl’s voice and give her a few suggestions to help her through the day. “Hello, Katrina’s answering service. Landon speaking.”
	Lady Eleanor couldn’t help but giggle to herself. “Why good morning. How is Katrina this morning?”
	“Actually, Lady Eleanor. She’s not good at all. She climbed out of bed and ran to the bathroom to throw up.”
	“That is to be expected. She is experiencing a high sense of her surroundings due to the euphrasia bracelet. I’m sure by now she’s figured that but you must ensure she keeps it on at all times. It is her continued lifeline.”
	“Is there anything I can do for the vomiting?”
	“Actually, there is. Fill a teapot with water and drop in a few mint leaves and lemon slices. Bring it to a boil and let it set for a few minutes before pouring it. It will calm her stomach.”     
	“Yes, ma’am. She is standing here now. Would you like to speak to her?” Landon asked.
	“Please, dear. And be sure to stay with her today. She’s going to need the moral support.”
	“Thank you, Lady Eleanor.”
	Katrina took the phone and plopped onto her bed. “Hello?”
	“Katrina, dear child. How are you handling yourself?”
	“Honestly, not well.  What are all these voices I hear?”
	“You are hearing the voices of every vampire within your new range.”
	“There must be hundreds of vampires here then!”
	“You may just have a wide range,” Lady Eleanor said. “Listen to me. You will hear many things from these vampires. Some may even beg you to end their suffering. You must not respond to any of these requests for you are still mortal until you create the bond of life. Understand?”
	“Yes, Lady Eleanor. Why can’t I just take the bracelet off for today? Won’t that lower my range?”
	“If you remove that bracelet, it will limit your ability to hear but it will increase your chances of death. I beg you, do not under any circumstances remove that bracelet.”
	“Ok,” Katrina sulked. “How long will this last?”
	“Forever. You will acclimate to your new abilities, I promise,” Lady Eleanor responded. “Have you read the little pink book?”
	“No, I haven’t had a chance.”
	“I urge you to read it along with both the Book of Runes and the Verdant. You may find a few helpful hints throughout,” she suggested.
	“Thank you for everything, Lady Eleanor. Landon has just brought my tea and I would like to lie down. Did you need to speak to him before I hang up?”
	“No, thank you. Rest today,” she said.
	Katrina clicked the phone off and handed it to Landon. “She says I need to read a few books today to better my odds of dealing with the new clairvoyance.”
	“Well, you drink this and I will fetch the books. Which ones?”
	Katrina took a drink from her mug while she considered. “I believe we should start with the little pink one about the vampire’s ability to love. It will limit the urge to kill your mother.”
	“I was unaware that was going to be a problem, Kat.”
	“So was I,” Katrina murmured. “Please don’t look at me with that shock. I can’t promise that I won’t try to kill your parents at some point, but I will try my hardest to fight the urge.”
	“Great,” Landon muttered as he rifled through the stack of books on Katrina’s desk. 

II
	Terrence read the note from Ratel so many times throughout the night that the creases soon became tears. At one point, he even pulled all the previous notes and letters from their storage box and reread them. Each time Ratel moved to a new place, he left a hint behind as if this cat and mouse chase were just a game to him. 
	All at once it hit him. “How stupid could I have been!” he screamed so loud that Jodi came running from her desk. Terrence jumped over the desk and took the girl in his arms and kissed her like he’d never see her again. Without a word, he spun her around and sped off to New York City to meet with Francesca. 
	As he pushed the button to call the elevator to the lobby, he heard Jean Claude behind him. “You do realize that elevator will not take you to the penthouse at this hour?”
	Terrence spun around and wrapped his hand around Jean Claude’s wrist. “Then we must take the stairwell,” he said dragging Jean Claude behind him. Once the door closed he said, “Fly.”
	“Are you really going to tell me what to do?” Jean Claude responded. “Let go.”
	“Jean Claude, you will not ruin my mood. Now will you please fly up to the top level and take me with you?”
	“Well, when you ask nicely.” Jean Claude answered. Without any warning, Jean Claude grabbed Terrence by the back of his coat and took to the air giving him barely enough time to grip the jacket as he slipped out. 
	With both feet on the landing, Terrence turned to Jean Claude and took him to the ground. After a few minutes of rough housing like young brothers, Terrence stood up laughing and pulled Jean Claude with him. They hadn’t noticed that all the banging in the small enclosure had called them an audience. When they turned to the door, Francesca was standing in the frame. Immediately, the men straightened up and began apologizing. 
	“You dumb fools, get in here,” she said stepping aside. “What are you two doing?”
	Terrence wrapped his arms around his sister and lifted her off the floor. “He didn’t leave, Frannie. He’s still in Scranton!”
	“Then why aren’t you in Scranton killing him?”
	“Because I have a better plan, little sister. You must hear me out,” Terrence replied.
	“In the kitchen,” Jean Claude said as he pushed the siblings in that direction. “I’m starving.”
	“You’re always hungry, Jean Claude,” Francesca said, rolling her eyes. 
	“More so when someone cuts me off from the vein.”
	“There is a whole container of fresh blood pudding on the bottom shelf. Why don’t you eat that while I sear a couple steaks,” Francesca suggested.
	“Are you two seriously talking about food right now?” 
	Francesca stood across the island from her brother and placed both hands on the granite countertop. Standing rigid with her eyes locked into Terrence’s, she said, “All right, Brother. What’s the plan?”
	“I think he’s still in the area because of the kids. We all know he led a double life as a human and swore the family was just a cover but what if it wasn’t? His kids suddenly appear in the area and he can’t move on.”
	“So?”
	“I told you he always leaves me notes when he’s moved on, right? The note he left last night basically says he plans to take the kids before moving on. We just need to be sure he takes Tatum instead. If he takes her, we will have eyes on the inside.”
	“You do realize that in order for your plan to follow through, I have to tell Emily, right?” Jean Claude asked. Terrence nodded. “And I’m assuming you expect me to be the one to break that news to her?”
	“Of the three of us-” Francesca began.
	“Absolutely not! We tell her together or she doesn’t know.”
	Francesca grabbed the phone off the table and punched Emily’s number. “Emily, you and Draco need to come see me… I’m sure the children will be fine for a few hours…Ok.” Francesca placed the phone back on the counter and turned to her steaks without a word.

III
	“What could be so important that we need to drop everything and drive into the city without any notice?” Emily fumed.
	“I don’t know. Let’s just get it done. The quicker we get there, the quicker we get home.”
	“Fine, let me go tell Tatum. Maybe she can keep an eye on the kids.”
	Draco wasn’t exactly pleased with Francesca’s order but, he could sense the drastic change in Katrina’s awareness. It was best for everybody if the vampires left the house while the hunter transitioned. He just couldn’t understand where Emily’s mind was that she hadn’t noticed.
	“Tatum says she will stick around for Asher. Do you know what’s up with Landon and Katrina? They’ve been holed up in Katrina’s room all morning and I can’t get a clear line of thought on Landon.”
	“Katrina is working through her metamorphosis today and I wonder if we can’t hear Landon’s thoughts because he and Katrina have such a strong bond,” Draco said. “Now, let’s get on the road. You know she’s waiting for us.”
	The couple rode in silence all the way to the city before Emily broke it. “What do you think she wants?”
	“I honestly don’t know. I assume it has something to do with the garden and the upcoming full moon,” Draco said as he guided the Pathfinder into an empty spot in the underground garage. 
	Emily leaned across the center console and gave Draco a quick kiss. “It’s just you and me in this. You get that, right?” 
	“Yes, my love. I’m sure everything will be fine.”
	The two walked through the front door of the Confederation to the elevators hand in hand. It was almost like déjà vu when the elevator opened in Francesca’s foyer. As expected, James stood waiting. “Hello, James.”
	“Hello, Sir Draco. I see you and Emily have finally completed that connection we have all awaited,” James said making reference to their interlocked fingers.
	“And it only took a decade,” Draco chuckled.
	“Francesca would like you to have a seat in the library. I will fetch her.”
	“Thank you, James,” Draco said as he led Emily through the French doors into the library.
	“Emily, how nice to see you. How are the children?” Francesca said.
	Emily denied herself a cringe, “Fine, thank you. I’m not going to pretend not to be annoyed at this unannounced meeting. You have left my children in danger,” Emily began.
	Emily and Draco were so focused on Francesca that Terrence and Jean Claude went unnoticed momentarily. When they were noticed, Emily nearly jumped from her chair and ran from the room. Draco’s hand on her knee was the only thing keeping her in place. 
	“Emily, I believe I’ve already told you not to fear me,” Terrence said.
	“Yes, but how should I respond to the three of you together again?” Emily asked.
	“We do not mean to harm you. There are just a few things we want to share with you and we thought bringing you here was the best option,” Terrence continued. “Have you discovered Ratel’s identity?”
	Emily turned to meet Draco’s eyes. “No,” she said.
	“I want you both to brace yourselves. You must remain calm as we recount the whole story,” Terrence said before looking to Jean Claude.
	Jean Claude stepped around the table and spun a chair to face Emily. “There is no easy way to tell you this. Do you remember the night we first met?”
	“Of course, I have never been so scared in my life.”
	“And you remember our conversation after your first blood?”
	“I asked about John and you said he hadn’t made it. I cried like a fool and you comforted me.”
	“I lied.”
“What do you mean you lied?”
	“When Terrence brought the cleaning party back to take care of John, he was gone. Terrence has spent the last decade chasing him around the world.”
	“My husband… John is alive?”
	“Not exactly.”
	Emily’s eyes grew wide and she turned to face Terrence. “Ratel? John is Ratel?”
	“Yes,” Terrence answered. 
	Pointing her finger in Francesca’s face, she commenced shouting, “Are you telling me you moved me to Pennsylvania to follow the vampire hunting prophecy knowing my husband was scouring the area for young girls for some fiend planning a First Blood ceremony that would make your creation look civilized?”
	Francesca wanted to explain that Felipe’s existence would not have been discovered without Emily’s relocation. It was Edmond’s role that led to Felipe.  Instead, she just sat in silence as Emily shouted for nearly twenty minutes. 
	When she turned her attention to Draco and began accusing him of knowing, Jean Claude stepped up. He placed his hands on her face and turned her to look at him. “Listen, Emily. John was never who you thought he was and as a member of the undead, he has become even more savage. Think of the boys in the woods. That was his doing.”
	Emily looked from vampire to vampire hoping someone would take the initiative and tell her why such an important fact had been hidden from her. Each set of eyes she met flickered away in an instant until she found herself shouting again. “You hid this from me for ten years. And now that I have finally dealt with his death and moved on, you decide to renew it! As if I didn’t have enough to deal with already. My son is marrying a vampire hunter and Felipe may kill my whole family. Why does this matter now?”
	“I have devoted every day of the last ten years to tracking and killing him. It was my choice to keep you from knowing.” Terrence stopped to look over Emily’s face and judge how to continue. The sheer anger and hate in her eyes told him he’d better talk fast. She wasn’t going to have patience left for much longer. There was no way to ease into the truth anyway.  “Before today, we didn’t think Ratel had any interest at all in your family but it appears I was completely wrong. It is my belief that he refuses to move on without his children.”
	Emily felt the heat flow through even the smallest capillaries. Francesca had pushed many of the moral limits against a mother and her children over the years but never before had she come so close to seeing exactly what a mother would do to protect her children.
	In an attempt to sway the explosion, Francesca stepped to Emily and said, “You must believe me when I say I never thought Ratel would be such a threat. He was so happy to be free of his double life that I assumed he would stay away forever.” 
	Emily slapped Francesca so hard across the face that the leader’s whole body flew to the left bouncing off her precious mahogany table. Jean Claude raised a hand in retaliation almost hitting Francesca as she jumped in front of him shaking her head at him.
	“My my, Emily. I am amazed at who you have become with just a little bit of human blood,” Jean Claude said from behind his counterpart. “Be careful. The power can become much more for any being.”
	“Enough.” Terrence stepped between the three and took Emily to the balcony. “You must believe me when I say your children are safe for now. Ratel doesn’t plan to attack until tomorrow.”
	“What makes you so sure? Jean Claude just said he’s never been what I thought. Why do you think you know him so well?”
	“I will admit, I never knew of his double life. I have never even seen his file. I have, however, been following him since he climbed from the grave. I know the heinous vampire he is and can predict many of his choices.”
	Emily crossed her arms so tightly across her chest that all her fingers turned white and leaned her backside against the railing staring at a point above Terrence’s head. 
	“I will have Francesca find the files on John. It would be good for you to read them so you know exactly what we are dealing with. For now we need to discuss the plan.”
	“What plan?”
	“We need Ratel to attack as he plans tomorrow.”
	“Absolutely not. We are not going to put my children in such danger and from their father no less.”
	“We need him to take Tatum so we can get to both Ratel and Felipe in one sweep.”
	“So now you think my husband is working with the bastard who’s been threatening my children. Do you have any more life changing news? Is my mother really a vampire now, too?”
	“Please don’t fly off the handle again. We need you to remain calm for this to work.”
	Emily reached her hands into her hair and began fiddling with her ponytail while she stared off into the concrete jungle spread out in front of her. “You may be right.”
	“Come inside and we’ll get you that file for your trip home.”
	The room fell quiet the second Emily stepped through the door. “Frannie, please get Emily the files you have on John.”
	“Yes, Brother.” 
	Emily did a double take. “Brother?”
	“There are many things in this world you know nothing of,” Terrence replied.
	“Such as the fact that Jean Claude and I have been married for nearly five hundred years now,” Francesca added.
Emily turned to Draco with embarrassment in her eyes. “Never before have I felt so minuscule. I am not a child and don’t appreciate being treated as one.”
	Francesca handed a pile of blue folders across the table. Emily nodded as she stacked them nicely in her arms and jumped from the twenty first floor balcony. All three men ran to the window expecting to see her splattered insides on the sidewalk below. “She is my fledgling,” Jean Claude said into the emptiness below.

IV
Landon and Katrina were quite surprised by the contents of the little pink book. The premise built on the opinion that a vampire has a heart of stone and therefore has no feeling toward anything. Katrina continued reading until the very last word in search of a valid point. She was sadly disappointed. The author believed that every vampire should die as life without love was not life at all. If vampires were not capable of love, they should just be put out of their misery. 
Landon was appalled by the idea of his mother being nothing more than an emotionless blood sucking fiend. “To begin with, I know vampires have feelings because I step all over my mother’s constantly. Believe me when I say she truly does wear her heart on her sleeve.”
	“I completely agree with you. Your mother is the most loving wonderful being I’ve ever met,” Katrina said. “You must remember that Lady Eleanor asked us to read this so there must be something of importance in it somewhere. Could Emily be an exception to the rule, maybe?”
	“I guess she could be but then Draco would have to be an exception, too. I don’t think the odds of that would be too high, do you?”
	“Maybe not, but look at Felipe. He’s a monster and nothing else. He killed Edmond’s family and mine. And as if that weren’t enough, he killed Edmond the day he stopped being useful.”
	“Ok, but human beings don’t fall into one mold or the other either. Yes, some people are innocent and wonderful to be around but others are evil and horrible. Why wouldn’t vampires be the same way, Katrina?”
	“I will agree with you that there is not a one size fits all mold when it comes to any being,” Katrina said before leading into controversy. “What do vampires eat, Landon?  I know that Draco and your mom sit and have dinner with us each night but what keeps their bodies functioning?”
	“But-”
	“Blood. The one thing that keeps them animated is blood. Without it, they would die the death their bodies avoided in the first place. Just because you have never seen your mother with a cup filled to the rim with crimson blood, doesn’t mean she doesn’t need it to survive. She must be getting it somewhere.”
	“Yes, she and Draco do need blood to survive. That’s a commonly known fact about vampires, but who ever said they were required to drink blood directly from the human? Or even human blood for that matter?” Landon paused. “You watch and read just as much vampire literature and lore as I do. Not all the characters drink human blood. Think of Louis, he preferred animals to spare humans. And those precious Cullens, they didn’t hurt humans either.”
	Katrina laughed. “That’s a horrible example, Landon. First of all, the Cullens are as unrealistic as vampire literature can be. Secondly, neither of them are real.”
	“I don’t believe my mother, or Draco for that matter, would hurt a human for their personal gain. I’m sure they both have found alternative methods. Jean Claude probably preys on little girls, though.” 
	“That was mean, Landon. I’ve seen Jean Claude’s thoughts and little girls are nowhere to be found. He doesn’t want to be the asshole he is, he just hasn’t figured out how to control himself when he’s drinking human blood.” 
	“Sounds like he needs an AA for vampires,” Landon joked. Seeing Katrina’s lack of amusement, he returned to the point. “Basically, we agree on one fact. The stereotype for a vampire is an evil being that spends every minute of the day searching for the next human to drain.”
	“Yes, but we also agree that this is not truth. Most vampires have emotions and morals that keep them grounded,” Katrina added.
	“I just wonder where Francesca falls into all this. I understand why she would want you dead in the grand scheme of vampire longevity. I just don’t understand why the sudden change of heart.”
	“Change of heart?”
	“She ordered my taking and your death simultaneously and then revoked both orders. It’s like something has weaseled its way into her heart melting the ice. It just doesn’t make sense,” Landon explained.
	“You may be right. She had such hate.”
	“And if she can hate to such extremes, she must be able to love, too. Don’t you think?” Landon asked.
	“It makes perfect sense when you put it that way. But what about Felipe? On the outside, he has more emotion than any of the others. It’s just consumed in his hate.”
“I don’t know if I would say it was hate. I would say he’s consumed by duty. If you are alive, he will forever be oppressed.” Landon looked to Katrina’s face to see her eyes filling with tears. “Oh, Katrina. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to insinuate that you should be dead.”
“I know.”
Landon rolled on his side and looked down into Katrina’s face. “Katrina, I love you.”
	“I know,” she replied, quickly adding “I love you, too.”
	“Then marry me.”
	“I already said I would marry you, just not out of necessity. We have a lot of growing to do before we can make such a decision. Consider how we will feel in three hundred years if we rush into it too soon.”
	“Necessity? It’s not like you’re knocked up…” Landon knew he was fighting a losing battle. He knew it was best for her to be married now. Especially, if she insisted on being front and center in all things vampire related. 
	“Landon, not today. Please.” 
	Landon leaned down and kissed Katrina until he felt her go to jelly under him and kiss back. As badly as he wanted to take things further, he knew she would resent it afterward. Pulling away, he said, “Not today. The day will come.” 
	Katrina let out a sigh and rolled her back to Landon fighting her hardest to keep him from seeing the tears streaming down her face. “Don’t hide from me, Katrina.” When she refused to answer, Landon rolled her over. “Why are you crying?”
	“My life is such a mess, Landon. Why would you want any part of this let alone marry it?”
	“My life isn’t peachy, Kat. My parents are vampires. Who knows what else they could be hiding from me,” Landon said. 
	“I guarantee they aren’t hiding the fact that they killed your… Sorry, that was wrong.”
	“We aren’t getting anywhere. Why don’t we just move onto the Book of Runes?” Landon asked.
	“Sure, that sounds like a good idea,” Katrina said wiping the tears from her face. She sat up on the bed and Landon placed the book in front of her. Lady Eleanor hadn’t spent much time explaining this book so it was all new to both teens. The first page of the book had three red runes on the top. Landon’s puzzled look didn’t go unnoticed. “They spell Cole.”
	"I remember seeing them on the family tree in my room. You explained that the runes had something to do with fertility and knowledge, right?" Landon asked.
	"Well it's more than that but this page is completely different. It's explaining how these runes are used to perform the marriage rites thus creating an unbreakable bond between two hunters." 
	Katrina paused to read the writing on the page causing Landon to grow impatient. When she'd read and understood the contents, she looked up at Landon with large green eyes. "Well?" Landon asked reaching the end of his patience. 
	"The marriage rites appear to be simple. We draw the runes on each other’s wrists with a yew branch and recite this enchantment. Afterward, we are tied to each other as long as we both shall live." 
	"Then let’s do it!" Landon exclaimed.
	"We just discussed that. Plus, where do you plan to find the branch of a tree that doesn't grow on this continent?" Katrina hoped that common sense would trump emotions. She was wrong.
	Landon fished through the stack of books on the desk and withdrew a tattered map of Pennsylvania. "When you first explained this map to me, you said there were two runes dotted across it. You figured one led to the vampire nests but you haven’t said anything about the other. Could it possibly be-”
	Katrina interrupted excitedly. “Give me that map, Landon,” she said as she ripped the map from his hands and started flipping through the Book of Runes. “Here it is! Eihwaz, the guardian flame. I remember reading that in William Cole’s book. What he didn’t mention was that eihwaz was the symbol of The Edifice. Lady Eleanor said they were small meeting houses for hunters.”
	“Yes, you were talking about another rune and Lady Eleanor said she thought the lack of permanent families brought Felipe to the area,” Landon answered.
	“Think about it. If there are no permanent families then the passers have to stay somewhere, right?” she asked but continued without pause. “What could it hurt to knock on the door?”
	“You just said we weren’t going down that road, Katrina. You just said we were too young to make this decision. Why now?”
	“Because you are all I have and I cannot risk losing you!” she screamed. “My brother is dead. My parents have been dead for as long as I can remember and everything I knew to be stable is gone. Please, just don’t make me overthink it.”
	“Alright, but I’m not marrying you with bedhead and puke breath,” Landon said.
	“Fine. I will take a shower and we can head out.”
	“What about Mom and Draco?”
	“They were summoned to the Confederation a few hours ago. They won’t be back any time soon.”
	Landon’s face puckered in confusion. “The Confederation?”
	“That is a conversation for you and your mother. I’m going to shower.”
	“You really shouldn’t be in there alone in your state, Kat,” Landon suggested. 
	“Not happening. Maybe after we are bound for eternity.” Finally, Katrina was given the chance to leave Landon behind dumbstruck.

V
	Draco had descended to the parking garage to find Emily leaning on the hood of his SUV. He just stood in the doorway from the elevator lobby and watched her mutter to herself until she noticed him standing there. 
	“Don’t look at me like I’m the love of your life after that shit. I feel like a fool on so many levels.” She stopped yelling long enough to reveal the hurt in her eyes. “Please tell me you knew nothing about John.”
	“No, Love. I didn’t.” Draco wrapped his arms around her, resting his chin on her head. 
	“Good. Now off with your pants.”
	“Now?”
	“I have to do something with this rage.”
	“And you hunted? At a time like this! I believe your bloodlust is spinning out of control.”
	“Not the time, Draco,” Emily said dropping his pants to the ground and bending over the hood. 
	“Seriously, this is wrong.” Emily hiked her skirt up revealing her bare buttocks. Peeking behind her, she replied, “It appears only one of you is against this. Get it done.”

***
	Back in the Pathfinder and headed home, Draco decided it was time to approach the subject of Emily’s bloodlust. Her answer was more frightening than her addiction. “Draco, I’m a vampire. Hunting humans is what I was created for.”
	“Within reason, yes.”
	“Within reason! It’s not like I’m draining innocent girls for my pleasure. Plus the euphoric sex afterwards is totally worth the time it takes to find the right pedophile.”
	“Francesca knows you had sex with her husband. Was that worth it?”
	“That bitch really is all knowing, isn’t she,” Emily muttered.
	“I’ve been telling you these things for a decade now. If anything positive came from today, it was that realization.”
	“Positive!” Emily yelled. “There is no silver lining in today’s events, Draco. Where would you like me to begin? As if it weren’t enough to have to protect my children from some roaming demon, I now have to worry about their father. A man we all loved and treasured. A man without a single bad bone in his body. A man who was DEAD. How the hell is that positive?”
Each attempt Draco made at consolation was met with deflection, so he gave up and allowed Emily to grovel. At last, she finally found the truth behind her anger. “I think after fourteen years together, I would know him best, would I not?”
	“Love, I think you should read the file Francesca gave you. If Jean Claude was planning to recruit him, he would have had to build a substantial amount of information on him to convince Francesca.”
	“I guess you’re right, Draco. I think I’m just afraid to learn what I never knew. This is the father of my children and he’s still out there roaming somewhere. Do you think he could really be bad enough that he would hurt his own children?”
	“You have always been Jean Claude’s weakness. Because of that, I don’t believe the three of them would lie to you. Read the file. I am here for you.”
	Draco drove along as Emily flipped through her folders overflowing with facts about a man she thought she’d known. “All those years I thought he was an accountant and he was really a pimp. The father of my children was a pimp. And to make matters worse, he was never even enrolled at NYU. That would explain why he was so against walking on graduation day.”
	“How did you meet him?” Draco asked. 
	“At the time, I thought it was the sweetest thing ever. One night junior year of college, a few of us decided to blow off steam at some small down bar outside Hartford. Of course, we didn’t expect to get quite so plastered but when the bar closed none of us were in any shape to drive back to campus. John was our knight in shining armor. He drove us and wouldn’t even take our gas money. We spent every Saturday together for the rest of my time at UConn and when I graduated we got married and moved to a small apartment in the Bronx.” Emily finished her story with tears streaming down her face. “Why did they have to tell me such awful things about my husband, Draco.”
	“If they waited this long to tell you, it must have been necessary for you to know. It sounds like Terrence has tried everything in his power and now with the possibility that he is working for Felipe Castillo, it was time to call for more help.”
	“What do I tell my children? I’m a vampire and by the way your father is too but he wants to kill you. That ought to go over well.”
	“Hope and Asher don’t need to know anything. We will talk to Katrina and Landon together,” Draco said as he parked in the driveway.
“Why don’t we just go find him? If we kill him, the kids have no reason to know anything,” Emily spurted. “It doesn’t sound like the kids are home anyway.”
	“As easy as that sounds, I think that Terrence would have already accomplished that if it were at all possible,” Draco warned. “And if the kids aren’t home, shouldn’t we find them?”
	Emily was out of the car and lost in the woods in a split second causing Draco to throw the Pathfinder in park and rip the keys from the ignition before following behind. “I really don’t think this is the best choice. He is so much stronger than the both of us.”
	“I must see him, Draco. I must know.”

VI
	Landon was forced to park on the main street at the end of a dank alley. A few weeks beforehand, he would have sauntered down a similar alley in the city that never sleeps but with new alterations to his reality, something about the scene caused more than a little discomfort. Katrina took Landon’s hand in her own and the couple picked their way past piles of trash and rubble to the end of the alley. 
	“Kat, did we just step into a slasher movie? I feel like these sleeping bums are going to jump up at any minute and either run a broadsword across our throats or start singing Thriller,” Landon whispered.
	“Don’t be ridiculous, Landon,” Katrina replied as she examined an old store front with bars across the windows. 
	Landon jumped at the sound of a metal lid sliding off a trash can behind him. Katrina had to brace herself on the crumbling bricks to keep from falling to the ground with laughter. “It’s not that funny, Katrina.”
	“I’m sorry,” she sputtered. Regaining her composure, Katrina said, “This is the address.”
	Both teens were shocked to be standing in front of another bookstore. “Wow, Kat. These Cole’s really like their books, don’t they?” 
	“I guess so,” Katrina answered tracing the zig zag shaped rune beside the door. 
	Looking through the dingy glass front, Katrina noticed that the inside of the store mirrored the outside, crumbling walls and all. In contrast to Lady Eleanor’s stacked piles of books, this store looked as though someone had just come in with a wheelbarrow full of books and dumped them in various places throughout the room. Many of the books were deteriorating and dirty while others no longer resembled a legible copy of text at all. 
	Katrina and Landon reached out to open the door simultaneously. Landon pulled his hand back and apologized as Katrina pulled the door open and stepped through. The fact that she was wearing a white dress suddenly carried a new significance. He couldn’t tell if it was intentional or coincidence but when Katrina winked at him, he knew. “Kat, where did you get that dress?”
	“I dug it out of Hope’s closet. I remembered seeing her wearing it in her prom pictures from last spring.” 
	Landon opened his mouth to respond when a young man interrupted him. “Katrina, I’m so glad you made it.” From across the store, Landon spotted a small man with a large hook nose entirely too big for his narrow face. The man nodded toward the couple, pushed his cracked spectacles up his steep arch and began limping his way toward them leaning on an antique wooden cane for support. 
	“Katrina, I’m so pleased to meet you.”
	"I'm sorry sir, should I know you?"
	"No, I only know of you because Lady Eleanor has held you in such regard." He scratched the overgrown whiskers on his chin and cocked his head to the side. "What brings you to me this evening and with the child of the vampire?"
	"We were hoping you would have a twig from the great yew tree," Katrina said.
	"Oh, why yes. What for?"
	Landon looked sideways to Katrina. She reached out and gripped his hand in hers before answering. "We have decided to perform the marriage rites."
	The small man was shocked. He turned to Landon and wrinkled his brow. "Why would you choose the spawn of those wretched blood suckers to spend eternity with?"
	Landon pulled his hand from hers and cowered against the door. Katrina gasped. "I don't expect you to understand our situation but I will demand your respect. Do you have the twig or should I go straight to Lady Eleanor?"
	“Dear child. You have been in this world of the preternatural for a mere few weeks whereas I am reaching my thousandth year in life. While you may believe you understand what marrying the son of a vampire may entail, I have seen it fail more times than I can count. Each time, the children tell me how different their situation is and how they will persevere but each time it ends in heartbreak. Sometimes, the hunter kills the in-laws and loses the spouse. Sometimes the in-law kills the hunter and sometimes it just doesn’t work out and both give up. Please, I will give you the yew branch but I ask you to take a bit more time considering all your options.”
	Katrina straightened her shoulders and looked into the keepers eyes through the cracks in his glasses. “Sir, while we truly appreciate your sympathies, I will not stand before you and explain my situation because you will find flaws in everything I say. I will say our situation is very different from any you have ever seen. When the smoke clears, we will stand tall as one very dysfunctional blended family, but we will stand together. More importantly, we will all work together, vampire and hunter, to rid the world of filthy blood sucking fiends such as Felipe Castillo. Now, the twig please.” 
	Katrina stood tall through her entire speech. She knew she wasn’t answering the edifice master’s questions, but she didn’t feel it was his business. This arrangement was between her and Landon. Yes, there were some monster size complications but what relationship doesn’t have a few speed bumps? When the small man returned with the twig, he didn’t say a word. He handed the small piece of yew over and disappeared back the way he came. Katrina swore she heard the man mumble something under his breath but she couldn’t be sure what he’d said. 
	Outside, Katrina finally melted. “Are you sure this truly is the right decision, Landon? He’s right you know.”
	“Katrina, what did Lady Eleanor want from us?” Landon asked.
	“I don’t think she ever came out and said the words, but I believe she wanted us to go ahead and get married. It was in the best interest of everyone.”
	“If the mother of all hunters believes we should be united as one to live together for eternity, then what are you doubting?”
	“Everything, Landon. I doubt everything. I don’t think I could bare it if I lost you.” Katrina couldn’t hold back the stream of tears any longer. With the breaking of the proverbial dam came the sobbing.
	Landon wrapped his arms around Katrina and just let her cry. If her feelings and Lady Eleanor’s prodding weren’t enough to convince her that marrying Landon was the right thing to do, his behavior in the moment was. 
	Once she was all sobbed out, Katrina sat upright, puffy face and all, and made a decision. “Here’s the deal. There is one thing I want you to know right here and now. I don’t plan to have sex with you until well after this mess passes. If I am going to be the mother of all hunters, I am probably as fertile as a bunny and I can’t risk being pregnant right now.”
	“Katrina, I will not pressure you into sex. I know you love me. I don’t need physical intimacy to prove that. I will wait as long as you need,” Landon said before adding, “I know how incredibly unrealistic that sounds.” 

VII
	Ratel circled the house. He knew the kids were unattended since his wife and her new bedmate were out searching for him. Laughing to himself, Ratel stepped up to the front door and rang the doorbell. From inside, he could faintly hear Tatum’s cursing as she shoved Asher into his room without explanation and bound down the stairs. 
	“What the hell do you think you’re doing?” a voice called behind him.
	“I am filling my quota, Felipe. Just following your orders,” Ratel replied. 
	“I forbade you from stepping foot on this porch weeks ago. What in your demented mind made you think you would get away with this?” 
	Just before the front door swung open on its hinges, Felipe grabbed Ratel by the back of his shirt and hurled him into the bushes before landing on top of him with a low thud. “Don’t say a word or I will kill you right here and now,” Felipe growled.
	Tatum stepped onto the porch and scanned the front yard. Muttering a few choice words under her breath, she turned back into the house to apologize to Asher. “I’m sorry, Asher. I just wasn’t sure who could be at the front door at this hour and I didn’t want to risk your safety in your mother’s absence.”
	“I don’t believe you. Something weird is going on and I will find out what it is,” Asher said. “I am old enough to know the truth. I wish everyone would just quit treating me like a baby.” 
	All Asher needed was a little explanation, she just didn’t know how to go about it. Never having any previous interaction with children, Tatum had no idea how to approach the subject. Settling for subtle indifference, Tatum began. “Here’s the thing, Asher. There are dangerous things in this world. Just because you don’t know about them doesn’t mean they aren’t there.”
	“And?” 
	“What do you mean, and? I just want you to remember that even if you think your parents are being overprotective, it’s always for your own good.”
	Ratel scoffed from the bush. “His parents, HA!”
	Felipe dragged a ranting Ratel back to the coven house and wrapped him in silver chains. “What the hell, Felipe. I still have a few spots to fill. How am I supposed to fill them if I can’t move?”
	“When you can prove to me that you won’t make another move against your family, I will let you loose.” 
	“Why are you so worried about my family?” he asked.
	“My agenda is of no business to you, you disrespectful pile of shit!” Felipe bellowed as he backhanded Ratel hard enough to break the skin, exposing the bone below.
	Ratel stared at him through a haze of anger as the blood ran down his chin and dripped onto his shirt front. “Let me free,” he spat. 
	“No.”
	“Hear me out, then. There are three girls under Emily’s roof that would be an asset to whatever you have planned. Why won’t you allow me to take them?”
	“Because I can’t risk you complicating things. The Confederation and the Legacy already have an idea what I’m up to. If they find out who you are, the whole plan will be at risk.”
	“They have always known who I am, Felipe. Francesca’s brother has been tracking me since the day of my creation. Luckily, I am always one step ahead of him,” Ratel said with maniacal laughter. 
	Felipe didn’t know how to react. He wanted so badly to reach through the silver restraints and snap the rat’s head right off his shoulders. If it weren’t for Ratel’s necessary part in the plan, he might have done just that. “At least your wife still has no idea.”
	“Actually…” Ratel began. 
	“Don’t tell me she knows everything as well.”
Ratel just stared at his vampire boss. Felipe’s strong backhand brought some acknowledgement from him but not enough for answers. “You said not to tell you. I figured silence was my best option.”
“You sarcastic fuck. How does she know? I thought you said there was no way she would ever find out.”
	“I didn’t figure she would. The vampire in charge of my transition fell so hard in love with her that he never followed through with the taking. He was told I wasn’t at risk of turning so he threw me in a shallow grave upstate and took to my wife. It would have been detrimental to his plan if she ever learned the truth. To this day, no one aside from me and Jean Claude really know how I ended up in the grave to begin with.”
	“That doesn’t explain why she knows now.”
	“My sources inside the Confederation tell me that Terrence is becoming desperate. He thought by telling Emily the truth she would be able to draw me out and kill me, heading off the first blood you have planned. For some reason, everyone seems to think I am the key to the whole event.”
	Malice spread across Felipe’s face. He could see Ratel’s face fall but wasn’t ready to reveal the plan in its entirety. Instead, he turned Ratel’s attention back to the children. “Do you really think you can get in there and take the girls? I really want that hunter bitch.”

VIII
	Katrina and Landon agreed that if they were going to be married on a whim, the least they could do is have a decent little moon lit ceremony. "There is a waterfall up north Edmond and I used to hike up when I was little. It would be perfect," Katrina suggested.
	After an hour drive, Katrina pulled Landon up the end of the trail to stand beside her in the light of the nearly full moon. Just by looking at the moon, she could tell exactly how long she had until it hit its full peak. Disregarding the tingling sensation in her stomach, she turned to Landon and pulled the yew twig from her boot. 
	The spray from the falls bounced off the rock she and Landon shared and splashed her legs bringing goose bumps to her flesh. Shivering she said, “It’s not too late to run away."
“Yes, it is. I already feel that we have become one.” 
	“The book says I am to draw the three runes on the inside of each of your wrists as I recite my vows. You will then do the same for me.”
	Landon held both hands out palm up in the light of the moon. As Katrina held the twig in place to begin the kaunaz rune on Landon’s right wrist, she swore she heard footsteps in the trees behind her but disregarded them when they didn’t carry the threat of a vampire. In her mind, she knew it was just Mr. Howell keeping an eye on her. 
	“I want you to know that I didn’t come to the decision to alter your entire universe lightly. While it breaks my heart to have to pull you out of teenage normalcy, I am also happy you will be by my side for all of eternity. I wouldn’t want to spend that time with anyone else. I love you.” Tears ran black lines down Katrina’s cheeks as she finished drawing the laguz rune on his left wrist. 
	She blinked back the tears and looked into Landon’s face to see he was crying along with her. Silently, he took the twig from Katrina’s hand and turned her wrists palm up before beginning. “Katrina, I love you more than life itself. Just breathing becomes harder when you aren’t physically touching me. You are my new normal and I can’t wait to begin eternity with you.” Landon paused before he drew the last rune and put his hand under Katrina’s chin. “I plan to spend all of eternity with you whether we are bound by the magic of your hunter blood or not. If you are not sure about this ceremony, just say the words and we will walk back down the falls to my truck.”
	Katrina was so choked up by all of Landon’s wonderfulness that she could only sob harder as she nodded profusely and shoved her wrists back into his hand. “Then with this last line of the magical runes, I devote all of me to you.” 
	Just as Landon pulled the twig from Katrina’s skin, two dark figures burst from the tree line behind Katrina. Joseph grabbed the yew twig just as it burst into flames and threw it into what appeared to be an iron bucket held by Lady Eleanor. “Quick, the water,” he said as she began swirling the bucket in large circles. “Katrina, you and Landon must now submerge your wrists into the cauldron to complete the ceremony.”
	“Children, repeat after me.”

Hail Frey, god of love and fertility. 
Hail Idunn, keeper of immortality. 
Hail Thor, god of war and protector of all. 
Through our everlasting bond, we will continue the great work of the gods. 

May Mjolliner continue to guide in battle. 
May the apples of Iduna forever rejuvenate our youth.
May the wand of Freyja protect us from harm.

Together we are bound as one. 
Together we will grow this great legacy.

	Together, the bride and groom repeated the words Lady Eleanor put forth for them, each knowing that it was these words that would begin their transformation to immortality.
	Once they were complete, Landon was able to dwell on the pain in his wrists. They began to burn once he submerged the invisible rune marks into the water. It felt as if someone was holding a branding iron on his wrist. By look of anguish on Katrina’s face, it was clear she was experiencing the same thing. “Katrina, are you ok?” he asked. 
	“Of course not, Landon. The yew ash is burning the hunter runes into my wrists just as they are yours.”
	“What do you mean, burning?”
	Lady Eleanor chose to answer the question as a means to diminish some of the anger between the couple. “In order to solidify the marriage rites and ensure your bond for eternity, you must allow the yew ash to bond to the outline of the runes. Had either of you chosen to misdraw the runes to avoid the true meaning of the rights, this would reveal the corruption.”
	“Bond?” Landon asked.
	“Yes, my child, bond. The yew ash is creating a tattoo in the shape of the runes on each wrist placed in the water. Through these runes, you are no longer two separate beings, but joint together for eternity as one.”
	“Why do neither of you have these runes?” 
	Lady Eleanor balled a feeble hand and turned it to Landon. “If you look, you will see the faint scar from where the tattoo once lived. When Edmond succeeded in killing my poor Kol, the tattoos burnt just as yours do now as a means of removing the link. We are no longer physically bound because he is no longer with us.”
	“I have the marks on my wrist, yes. My life partner, however, chose to leave me many centuries ago. I will remain immortal as long as she is alive somewhere but that conversation is not one for this evening.” Joseph said. 
	“It doesn’t burn any more,” Landon said.
	“Then you may remove your hands from the water,” Lady Eleanor instructed. 
	Both Katrina and Landon removed their wrists from the water and inspected their new marks, each having a drastically different response. Landon was a modge podge of excitement and love while shock covered Katrina’s face. 
	“Our work here is finished, mother. Let’s head home.”
Lady Eleanor placed her hands on Landon’s arms. “Child, when I first laid eyes on you, I knew you were destined for great things but never in my wildest dreams did I expect this. I am honored to accept you into this family. May all your days be filled with love and joy.” When she turned from Landon to Katrina, her eyes were already shimmering with wet tears. She could only hug the girl and whisper a sweet thank you in her ear before Joseph took her home.
	Landon and Katrina were left standing alone staring into each other’s eyes just as they had been when the ancient mother appeared from the trees. Katrina sunk onto the large rocks lining the edge of the falls and buried her face in her hands. Landon knelt down in front of her and placed his head in her lap. “I’m sorry, Katrina. Today was supposed to be a happy day, not a day of more pain.”
	“It’s not your fault, Landon. I had a feeling he was responsible for Kol’s death.” She put her hands behind Landon’s head and pulled his face to hers, kissing him long and hard. “Let’s go home, ok?”
	“Of course.”
October 21

I
	With the rising sun came the chirping birds. Katrina stretched in her bed and shook the sleep from her limbs, absentmindedly thumping Landon in the face in the process. 
	“What’s wrong, Kat? Bad dream?”
	“Just the opposite. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to hit you,” Katrina said, placing her hands on Landon’s bare chest before leaning down for a kiss. “Good morning.”
	“Well, good morning to you,” he replied between kisses. Pulling away, he asked, “No bad dreams?”
	“No, not so much as a tickle of negativity. Today should be nothing but sunshine and roses.”
	“Well, in that case, how about we take care of that cherry? It seems to be weighing you down lately anyway.”
	“Very funny. I told you, not until this whole fiasco passes. Though I should ask Lady Eleanor about the effectiveness of birth control because I’m not sure how long I’m going to be able to hold you off,” Katrina said.
	Katrina erupted in laughter as Landon rolled over on top of her and began covering her with kisses. She could hear Emily and Draco in the kitchen. “Landon, stop.”
	“What’s wrong?”
	“Your mother and Draco are in the kitchen. Alone. Why don’t we sneak down before anyone else rolls out of bed and talk to them about last night?”
	“Do we have to?”
	“Yes.”
	“And there are things your mother doesn’t want to share with you but it’s time we had these discussions. Head down while I go to the bathroom.” 
	Landon couldn’t help but wonder what his mother could possibly still have to share with him. He knew she was a vampire and had been for quite a while. What else matters, he thought as he pulled a shirt over his head and bound downstairs.
	He expected to step into the kitchen and find his mother working on breakfast and Draco sitting at the table with the newspaper as he had every other morning since the move. Instead, he found his mother pinned against the wall with Draco thrusting between her legs. The laughter was more than he could control and it just bubbled over, effectively disturbing the intimate moment in the kitchen. 
	“I’m sorry, Mom. I didn’t mean to interrupt. Should I come back?” he said as the smirk climbed across his face. 
	Emily’s face flushed an interesting shade of red and Draco redressed with preternatural speed. All at once, Emily’s face fell and she asked, “Why can’t I hear you? I have been able to pick clear thoughts from your head since you were eight years old. Why has that suddenly changed? It’s locked up like Fort Knox.”
	“Hold on. Let me understand this. You two are going at it like bunnies in the kitchen and it’s my fault for walking in on you because you can’t read my thoughts?”
	“That is not what I said, Landon. I was just merely stating that I should have been able to hear you coming…”
	“Emily, let’s have a seat. I’m sure the answer isn’t a big deal. Just give the boy a chance to breathe and maybe wipe those images from his head,” Draco said.
	“No, offense Draco, but those images may be burnt into my mind for eternity.”
	“Good morning, Katrina. Would you like to grab a cup of coffee and have a seat with us at the table?” Emily asked. 
	“Sure,” Katrina said meeting Landon at the coffee pot. 
	“You knew, didn’t you?” Katrina’s shit eating grin was a dead giveaway. “Well, at least someone in this house is getting some,” he muttered.
	Settled at the table, Katrina wrapped her hands around the warmth of the coffee mug, exposing the red writing on her wrist. Emily looked to Landon’s wrist and saw the same markings. She reached across the table and grabbed a wrist from both children and looked closer. “Please tell me these markings don’t mean you two snuck out and did something stupid last night.”
	“To sneak out would have to mean someone was home to sneak from. Where were the two of you? I thought you were supposed to be protecting Katrina around the clock?” Landon snapped. 
	Emily was conflicted. She wanted to smack her son’s mouth, apologize and hug him for his ignorance all at the same time. Luckily, Draco could feel the tension and Katrina could read the discrepancy in her thoughts because they both started talking at once. 
	“Landon, your mother-“ Draco began.
	Katrina spoke louder and pushed Draco’s words away. “Listen to me, Landon. There is a lot more going on than you have any idea. In this case, you must give your mother a break.”
	Landon looked from Draco to Katrina to Emily and back to Katrina. “Everything she’s ever said to me has been a lie, Katrina. How am I supposed to trust her now?”
	“Don’t be an ignorant jerk, Landon. Your mother has never lied to you about anything aside from vampires. Being your mother, I believe she had that right. Now, shut up and let her speak,” Katrina commanded.
	“Thank you, Katrina,” Emily said. “Son, there is something we have to tell you. Let me first just tell you that I had no idea.” Draco put his large hand on Emily’s arm revealing the red hour glass. 
	“I’m sorry. I have to interrupt,” Katrina spurts. “What is that mark on your hand?”
	Draco and Emily both turned and stared deep into Katrina’s eyes. “Stop,” she yelled. “You can’t both talk to me at once.”
	Emily answered aloud, “Katrina, we will explain that when the time is right. Please let us start from the beginning.”
	“Yes, ma’am.”
	Landon was frazzled. He couldn’t see any marks on either Draco or Emily’s hand but he’d learned many years ago to let his mother speak without interruption and all would be told. “Draco, I assume your hand on my arm was your way of asking to speak to Landon.”
	“It was.” Turning to face Landon, he began. “Son, I’m not sure how much you and Katrina have learned about vampires but there are quite a few things you both should understand before we tell you too much.”
	“Most importantly,” Emily began, “is to understand that when a vampire is transformed their personality does not change. I was a devoted and loving mother as a human. Nothing else in the world mattered to me. When I transformed, that part of me was heightened and I worked harder to protect my family. It wasn’t until we moved up here and I began consuming human blood as a means to protect you that my devotion began to slip away.”
	Draco began to tell his life story. “My family had a farm in Kansas. When my father died, the care of the farm and my mother fell to me. A few years later, I pulled myself out of my shallow grave, took my first blood and returned home to care for my mother and the farm as I had before. I was so dedicated to my human role, that even with my human consumption, nothing of my former life fell to the side. Then, while I was out hunting one night, she died. I came in the next morning to find her on my bedroom floor as if she’d been searching for me to help her. It broke my heart and I sunk into a deep depression. To this day, I still regret that I wasn’t there for my mother…” 
	Draco trailed off allowing Emily to pick up where he’d left off. “The point is that even though our bodies change, nothing else does if we keep our diet as it should be.”
	Katrina interrupted. “What do you mean as it should be?”
	“Vampires must consume blood; that is a known fact. Gluttony, however, will lead a vampire into a frenzied state and alter their personality. Jean Claude, from what I’ve heard, was a very wonderful human being. When he began consuming an unhealthy amount of human blood, he became what we know him to be now. He’s allowed his anger and rage to overtake his love and compassion.”
	The front door closed and a voice rang through the downstairs. “That was just mean. I can still feel compassion. I choose to suppress it.”
	Without so much as a glance around the table, Jean Claude took an empty seat next to Emily and took over the conversation.  “The point your mother is trying to make is that a horrible human being has the potential to create an unnaturally evil vampire. Let’s say you have a man who spends his days recruiting young teens to be prostitutes and selling drugs to young kids but goes home in the evenings to a loving family to play the heroic father role. What kind of vampire do you think that human would make?”
	Katrina sat in silence waiting for Landon to answer. It took a few minutes before he could form the words necessary to portray his thoughts. “I guess it would depend which personality was true. The strongest part of him would feed his vampire being.”
	“Exactly,” Jean Claude continued. “I want you to understand that I never intended to share this information with your family. It was my hope that you would be able to live your life without true knowledge of certain events.” 
Jean Claude stared at his hands as he considered the best way to tell Landon without breaking his heart. “I’m only telling you these things because your ability to defend yourselves depends on it. The night your mother was taken, we were after your father. We’d seen what he was capable of and thought he would be a huge asset to the Confederation. When I sent the society in to get him, I gave them specific orders to leave the woman alone but one of the fledglings saw her and went after her. Your father stepped in front of him to protect your mother and that fledgling tore his throat out. The clean-up crew was ordered to take him upstate and throw him in a shallow grave. You know, hide the evidence, right?”
	Landon nodded numbly as Katrina squeezed his hand. “Long story short, he had been bitten and we didn’t know. When he rose from the grave, he gravitated toward his horrid daytime personality and we have been chasing him ever since.”
	“Let me get this straight. My father isn’t dead. He’s a vampire?” 
	“Yes.”
	“Then I have been seeing him around the football field lately?”
	“Yes,” Draco answered. “But before yesterday, your mother and I always thought he was dead because that’s what we were told. I have seen his image in your mind over the last couple weeks but I assumed they were just memories.”
	Everything clicked into place and Landon spun into a fit. “My father would have never sold drugs to children! And why would he have any need for prostitutes? That’s all a flat out lie! If he is this horrible monster, then why would he be lingering at my football games and practices?”
	“Landon, we have no idea.” Draco answered. “Your mother and I weren’t home last night because we were out looking for him. We are worried that he is going to try to take you in the next couple days.”
	Katrina spoke up. “I can tell you exactly why he’s been lingering. I’ve caught floating thoughts from this Ratel a few times and he is never thinking about Landon. He’s been hanging around the football field to catch glimpses of Hope. He’s collecting young girls for Felipe and he thinks Hope would be perfect.”
	Now Landon really exploded. “MY FATHER WOULD NEVER HURT HIS CHILDREN!”
	“Your father was never the man you thought he was.” Jean Claude said. “I know because I spent close to five years trailing him. It’s the longest time I ever spent watching a human. He could alter his personality so drastically that Francesca was worried he would gravitate toward his family after his transformation and be completely useless to her needs so I had to record snippets of his conversations for her.”
	“She was worried he loved his family too much! How can that be possible? Does that woman have any shred of human decency left inside her?” Landon bellowed. 
	“Landon, Francesca lives in another world than you. It has taken her two hundred years to build the Confederation as it is now. You must trust that she never wished any harm on your family. I believe underneath it all, she may have been trying to protect you children from the monster that was your father.”
	Landon looked to his mother. Instead of finding the happy answers he hoped for, he found a crying and disheveled woman. “I’m sorry, Landon. It all appears to be true. As a married, human woman I never had any idea that your father lived a double life. The more I learn, the more obvious the truth was.”
	“No, Mom. There’s no way!”
	“Then why did he never come home, Landon. It’s not like we moved. And think about it. You never saw him until we moved here. Obviously, he never cared. Ask Katrina. I’m sure she’s heard more thoughts. ASK HER!” Emily yelled shaking the chandelier.
	Katrina just shook her head. “Landon, you must believe your mother. Anything that comes from his mind is vile and unmentionable. He has been wandering all over the area taking girls left and right. And many, he rapes shortly after.”
	“Janie?” Landon asked.
	Everyone looked down at their hands. “My father killed my girlfriend!”
	“Yes, Landon,” Katrina snapped.
	“I’m sorry, Kat. I didn’t mean it that way. I love you and no one else. It’s just the idea of it.”
	“Well, he plans to kill your wife, too!”
	“Wife?” all the vampires asked in unison. 
	Landon put both hands flat on the table in front of him and leaned toward his mother. "Yes, wife. It sucks to be lied to, doesn't it?" 
	"Now is not the time and you know it," Katrina warned.
	Emily stood from the table and "No, Katrina. He's right. I am a horrible mother. Both of you get ready for school. Asher's on his way down."
	Katrina looked into Draco's eyes. No, she isn't mad at either of you. She's just hurt. Give her time. She nodded and followed Landon from the room. 

II
	Lady Eleanor knew the Brethren were waiting impatiently for her arrival at the castle as she started to fill small vials with the elixir. She could also sense her son’s arrival in the store. 
	When he made his way through the apartment and to the rooftop gardens, Joseph was not surprised to see his mother working to pull her plan together. What he hadn’t expected was her request. “Joseph, my son, do you have any of the antidote handy?”
“I have a couple vials. I haven’t made it back to the island to refill my stores. What do you have in mind?”
	“We are going to have to risk a few of our younger girls to sneak the dragonwort elixir into the intoxicated virgins. Without reversing the effects of the night phlox we have no chance of success.”
	“Mother, are you saying you want to send our youngest into enemy lines?”
	“Regretfully so.”
	“I don’t understand why you feel this fight is so important. You have been chasing this vampire since his birth and he’s never done anything terrible. What has you so afraid of him?”
	“I’m afraid of his potential. In all of his six hundred years, he has never lived up to what he’s capable of. If he succeeds with the horrific first blood ceremony, we may never be able to stop him,” Lady Eleanor said as she filled the last vial from the cauldron. “If our girls drink this before crossing the line of night phlox, there will be no risk to their safety. I also have a few branches of the spindle tree that we can sew into the girls’ clothing.”
	“Mother, you still have not told me what you believe Felipe to be planning. I think it’s time you share.”
	“Let’s go into the kitchen, my child. I would like some tea.” 
	While Lady Eleanor set the tea kettle and began crushing the peppermint leaves, Joseph sliced a few cucumbers for his mother’s favorite sandwiches. When everything was gathered, Joseph pulled the chair out for his aging mother before sitting in his own. 
	“Now, Mother. What’s going on?” 
	“Let’s just take inventory and see if you can figure it out. Felipe has a Fountain of Youth in the center of a garden graveyard. Katrina, who has never stepped foot inside this garden, dreamt that a circle of virgins would have their throat slit before being dropped into the fountain. Lastly, this young Ratel character has been gathering girls from all over the area and planting them in the forests around the garden. What do you make of that?”
	“I assume it’s an overzealous first blood ceremony. He will have his children slit the throats of the virgins and dump them in the fountain where the fledglings will bathe in the blood.”
“I said nothing of others.”
	“I know they are all in the area.”
	“Yes. However, I feel they have another role.”
	“Do you think he plans to entrance them into slitting their own throats? If that’s the case, how do you plan to save our young ones?”
	“As you are well aware, hunters have the ability to resist enchantment and with the spindle tree branches sewn into their skirts, they will have all they need to be safe.” 
	Joseph leaned back in his chair and raised his hand to the back of his neck. “Please don’t think to poorly of me when I ask this, Mother.” 
	Lady Eleanor grinned. “Go ahead.”
	“What is the point of the spindle sticks? They can already resist enchantment. The dragonwort will free them from the power of the night phlox. What use could the sticks be?”
	“It is believed that the spindle sticks deter the plague keeping the vampires from approaching. If they do come close enough, the girls can use them as weapons.”
	“You are putting an awful lot of confidence in a handful of young girls who have never stood in the face of danger. How can you be so sure they will not fall prey to the fledglings?” Joseph asked as the worry began to draw lines across his face.
	“I have confidence in all of my children. What do you remember about the blood of ancients?”
	“I understand that we have never been able to pinpoint what in the poison gives the vampire their abilities, just that its mixture with blood builds as it ages giving sires abilities like flight, clairvoyance and such. Fledglings are physically stronger as their bodies have not yet completed the transformation.” Joseph thought on his statements for a minute giving them time to roll around together in his mind. He nearly spit a mouthful of tea across the room when the answer came to him. “Are you thinking he may be planning to sacrifice six hundred years of vampires to create a new race!”
	“Exactly. I believe he plans to entrance the young ones into draining themselves dry in the fountain before he brings his children into the circle and bleeds them dry into the same fountain. The mixture of virginal blood and poison laced blood will create a nearly unstoppable group of fledglings.”
	“I don’t know if we have enough forces on this continent to stop an act so vile.”
	“I plan to partner with the Confederation.”
	“I guess I can see how that would be beneficial but it’s not like we can waltz right into the Confederation and announce our intentions.”
	“No, we cannot. That is precisely why Francesca and her brother Terrence will be here any moment. Now clear these dishes while I fetch a few books.” 
	“Here! Do you think that is a wise choice, Mother?” Joseph couldn’t believe that his two thousand year old mother was now inviting vampires into her home. “Was it not you that taught each of your children to keep the vampire at bay and never allow them to enter where you stay?”
	“Was it not you who said desperate times call for desperate measures? Plus, with Landon and Katrina bound my days are numbered, my boy. This home will no longer be the primary edifice within the month.”
	Joseph was just about to fight the planned death when the bells of the bookstore door jingled and she pointed to the dishes and disappeared. 

III
	“Emily, we have a problem,” Katrina said behind her. “Ratel is circling the house.”
	Emily slowly set the carafe in the sink and gripped the edge of the countertop in an attempt to steady her shaky hands. She couldn’t believe the state of her family. She couldn’t understand how it was possible for her husband to be the biggest threat after such a surreal decade.
	She stood frozen in disbelief staring into the blurred tree line behind a house she hadn’t wanted to live in to begin with. Momentarily, she missed the blissful ignorance of New York. 
	Once she was able to shake her self-pity, it took just a few seconds to force the trees into focus. Standing inside the tree line was a figure she would recognize anywhere. Emily’s depression quickly turned to panic and anger. “Back off, John. We have more force in here than you can push through,” Emily spit out loud.
	”Then just send me my kids, Emily.” 
	“They stopped being your kids when you climbed out of the grave and refused to come home.”
	Ratel just laughed his maniacal laugh and disappeared into the trees. Emily’s breath of relief caught in her throat when Ratel sent back, “I will be in for my kids. Ready your forces.”
	Before she could spiral out of control, Katrina wrapped her hands around Emily’s upper arms and spun her around. What Katrina hadn’t counted on was Emily’s feral reaction. Without letting go of her arms, Katrina dodged the snapping teeth as she spoke to her. “Emily, you need to calm down or nobody has a chance.”
	Draco heard the commotion in the kitchen and came running from the driveway followed closely by the Confederation elite. He wrapped his arms around Emily in restraint as Francesca began barking orders. Within seconds, Emily was calm and the remaining vampires were prepared for battle. “And you, little girl, get out before you get hurt.”
	“You need me and you know it.”
	“I need no one. Out.” Francesca threw a mind message to Katrina. “You and Landon are to protect Hope and Asher.”
“But I’m the only one who can hear him. How will you know where he is?”
	“Let the professionals deal with the psychopath, girl. Out.”
	“Fine.” She stomped past the supreme ruler toward the staircase. 
	Judging by Francesca’s choice of communication, Katrina got the idea that the vampire was trying to save face. Despite the inside knowledge, Katrina still wasn’t happy that she was being placed on babysitter duty. From the sounds of the upstairs voices, Landon had found a way to keep Asher preoccupied with video games leaving her the much harder job of sidelining Hope. 
	“Hope, I was wondering if I could borrow a dress for Saturday night. Landon wants to take me out somewhere and I’m not sure we bought anything for what he has planned.” Katrina was a little worried Hope would jump up and hand her a dress. Luckily, she put up a bit of a fight first. 
	While Katrina was locked in Hope’s bedroom, Ratel walked in the front door like he owned the place. “Hello, Emily. Don’t make that sentimental pained face. I always knew how miserable you were without me. The truth is I didn’t care. Not while we were married and not after my death.”
	“That’s great, John. I am happy to know I was never a burden on you,” Emily snapped.
	“On the contrary. Keeping you happy and in the dark while you thought we were so happily married was a burden. The night you were taken, I was planning a wonderful goodbye that you would always remember. That way when I didn’t come home from work the next day you wouldn’t suspect anything but foul play. Luckily, Jean Claude made that whole situation much easier.” 
	“So for fourteen years I thought we were together?”
	“What can I say, you were my wonderful alibi. I think I kept you longer than planned because you were a fox in the sack,” Ratel said winking at Draco.
Emily was on the verge of tears when Terrence whispered, “Don’t give him the satisfaction,” and she dried it up.
	“Oh, the whole gang is here. Hello, Terrence. Aren’t you going to kill me? I mean this is probably the closest we’ve been in our little cat and mouse game, right?” 
	“No, Ratel. I am not going to kill you. I would hate to put Felipe’s plans off. Without you, how would he ever accomplish anything?” Terrence answered.
	“What about you Jean Claude? You did say you would kill me next time you saw me. Here’s your chance,” Ratel taunted.
	Francesca put her hand on Jean Claude’s chest to hold him in place and turned to the disrespectful fledgling. “What is it you want, Ratel? You can’t convince me you give two shits about your kids.”
	“I have been separated from them long enough. It’s time they reunite with their father and follow their rightful life course. They’ve become such little crapheads without me.”
	“Crapheads!” Emily lunged at Ratel but was caught by Draco instead. 
	“They are just as much my children as they are yours, Emily.”
	Emily pounced. Ratel hadn’t expected a second attempt and was caught off guard giving Emily the chance to drive a paring knife into his carotid artery. “Déjà vu, John. I believe a situation similar to this led to your vampire state, did it not?”
	Ratel wrenched the knife out of his throat and threw it to the floor. “You bitch. That hurt and you ruined my shirt.”
	“I hope I got my point across. You will not lay a hand on my children. Just because you heal so quickly, doesn’t mean I won’t find a way to kill you.” Emily stepped back to join the ranks as Tatum hit the last step to the kitchen. 
	“Draco, I had a question…” The sight of blood dripping down Emily’s arm brought Tatum’s question to a stop. 
	“I see you keep a snack. I never would have expected that from you. How do you drain the blood without the venom entering her system? I just haven’t found an efficient way. They always end up dead.” Ratel pushed Tatum’s sleeves up her frail arms and inspected for scars.
	“I’m sorry, Tatum. I should have warned you we had an uninvited guest. I’d like you to meet my estranged husband, John.”
	Ratel stepped to Tatum’s side. “You may call me, Rat. I love your pink hair. Is it natural?” He asked tugging at the elastic waist of Tatum’s skirt.
	“Wouldn’t you like to know,” she answered swatting his hand from her clothing.
	“Actually, I would. In fact, the very thought of it is-”
	“Don’t you lay a hand on her, John. She’s nothing-”
	“I believe her thoughts say otherwise,” Ratel answered. Little did any of the vampires know, Francesca began filling Tatum’s mind with orders the second she came into view. 
	While Ratel spoke, he smoothly wrapped his arm around Tatum bringing his hand to rest on her plump butt. “Tatum, I see you’ve already made arrangements to join the Confederation. Let me tell you, we rogues have so much more fun. Just ask Jean Claude. He’s still not sure which side of the fence to live on.” Finishing, he gave her a little squeeze that sent shivers up and down her back. 
	“Emily, you never told me you had such a charming husband.” Tatum giggled as Ratel stuck his fingers back inside the waist band of her skirt.
	“Aw come on, just a little peek?” he begged.
	Tatum smacked his hand. Ratel's eyes widened and he pulled it back shaking it like a pained toddler.
	Emily was more than disgusted. She wanted to pull Tatum out of Ratel’s arms and drive her knife into a more crucial point. Draco, sensing this, wrapped his arm firmly around Emily’s shoulder. 
	“Listen, Ratel. We have no way to keep Tatum from leaving with you and judging by her thoughts, she can’t wait to do just that. Like I already said, we don’t plan to kill you as long as you keep your hands off the kids so you might as well be on your way,” Terrence explained. 
	“Oh, such the negotiator, Terrence. Who knew?” Ratel chuckled as he moved Tatum toward the door. “I will keep my hands off the kids, for now.”
	“What do you mean for now?” Emily asked but Ratel had already thrown Tatum over his shoulder and disappeared into the night.
	“He means that once the sacrifice is made at the full moon, he will be back to terrorize the whole family,” Katrina said from the steps. 
	“I guess we will just have to kill him first,” Emily growled.

IV
	"One task! Get the hunter bitch. Instead, you bring me a useless human!" 
	Tatum couldn't believe the turn of events. This is what you get when you play with the unnatural world, she thought. Felipe threw a closed fist at the side of Ratel's head, bringing him to his knees spitting blood. 
	The full moon is in two days, she thought. Before either vampire had time to react, Tatum fell to the floor next to Ratel and dipped an index finger in his blood bringing it to her lips and sucking it clean. 
	"You stupid girl," Felipe bellowed. 
	"I'm not stupid. Far from it. I know all you want from me now is my insight into the Confederation. If I'm comatose, you have no way to take that from me."
	"Take care of your mess. I'll just do it myself." Felipe kicked Ratel with the steel toe of his boot and left the room.
October 22

I
	When Katrina woke up Thursday morning, all she wanted to do was throw on her ratty overalls and battered glasses and go to school. “If I could just go to school today, maybe I will wake up and find that the last few weeks were a dream. Vampires don’t exist. Edmond isn’t dead. And I’m not married at seventeen years old,” she told herself in the shower. With her head tilted back in the water and her eyes closed, she could believe that she was back in her own little cabin in the woods and life was simple. The only thing wrong with a such a life was the lack of Landon. She knew she could do without the vampires and the new consciousness but life without Landon wasn’t a life a worth living. 
	When she opened her eyes, she knew she was right where she belonged. The wretched pink tile swam back into view and the sound of Hope banging on the bathroom door all reminded her that she was now part of a true family. Quickly, she turned off the water wrapped a towel around herself and dripped back to her bedroom not surprised to see Landon sprawled across her bed.
	“If your mother finds you in here, we are both in trouble.”
	“Then we’d better be quiet,” Landon whispered as he pulled Katrina onto the bed with him.
	Katrina tensed when she hit the bed and felt her towel begin to slip off. Landon, being the perfect gentleman, wrapped an extra blanket around her before saying, “You do know I’m going to have to see you naked at some point, right?”
	“Yes, but I’m sticking to my rules. First blood tomorrow night. Nakedness Saturday at the earliest.”
	“Fine, then I will cover my eyes while you get dressed.” Landon placed his hands over his eyes with enough part in his fingers to see through. “See?”
	“Yes, babe. I do see your eyeball. I will blindfold you if you insist on being in the room while I dress.”
	“If you insist. Let me just say, you have no idea the opposite effect the blindfold is going to have. By the time Saturday comes around, I may not be able to contain myself.”
	Katrina tightly wrapped a pink polkadot scarf around Landon’s head and dressed as he grilled her about her dreams. “I know you had bad dreams last night, Kat. You were thrashing around so much that you left a wicked bruise on my ribs.”
	“It’s this stupid euphrasia bracelet Lady Eleanor is making me keep on. Last night was the worst yet. It really shouldn’t have been since it was just the same dream about the fountain. There was something more real about the whole thing.”
	Even through his blindfold, Landon could tell his new wife held something back. She was just putting a little too much blame on the bracelet and Lady Eleanor to be telling the whole truth. “Katrina, what aren’t you telling me?”
	“Nothing. I had the same dream that Felipe took me from the bed and added me to the ranks of his virgins. In the end, we were all dead and the fountain ran red with our blood.”
	“Katrina, I can tell when you are lying. If you remember, we went through a ceremony that bonded us together for eternity. I feel what you feel. Terrified.”
	“The truth is I am worried about how the virgins die. In the original dream, the vampires slit the virgins’ throats and drop them into a flowing fountain. Last night, I dreamt that the virgins each walked up to an empty fountain, stabbed themselves and bled into the fountain. So much blood that it overflowed the sides.” 
	Katrina was so unnerved by the summary that she’d stopped dressing and now stood in the center of the room wearing nothing but a set of leopard print panties and matching bra that Hope had bought her. She stood staring at the wall and didn’t even notice when Landon took his blindfold off and came to stand with her. 
	“I want you to remember that I am here for you always. Not only do you have my support, you have the support of four, maybe five vampires, Joseph and Lady Eleanor. If we all work together, the virgins will be just fine.”
	“Thank you, Landon,” Katrina said as she melted into his arms.
	“Nice underwear, by the way. I love the way the animal print clings to your perfect ass,” he said. “I just want to bite it.”
	“I’m glad you like it. This covers more than a bathing suit would. Stare away.”
	“All kidding aside, Kat, I think we should do away with your virginity so you aren’t easier prey for Felipe.”
	“I’ve considered that, Landon but I’d like to talk to Lady Eleanor about my chances of getting pregnant first. Plus, I really wanted our first time to be special. We got married out of necessity. I would like to save something for happiness and not necessity.”
	“I love you and I will respect your wishes, but I will ask you to please consider the pros and cons to what I’m asking.”
	“I will think about it,” Katrina answered with honesty. “Now, I would like to get dressed and sneak off to the garden today. Do you think you could disappear for a few minutes?”
	“You weren’t planning to go to the garden alone, were you?”
	“Out,” Katrina commanded as she pointed to the door.
	Katrina listened for Landon’s retreating footsteps. Once she heard him talking to Emily, she turned to the dresser and rifled for a shirt and jeans that would allow her to blend back into the walls as she’d done for so many years before. Even dressed in a gray t-shirt, she could see more of the new Katrina and less of the naive little girl she left in the cabin. 
	With depression and self-pity descending, Katrina fell onto the bed and tried once again to remember all the blessings she found in the shower. A loving family. A wonderful husband. Life’s purpose. 
	“Why can’t you see it?” she asked herself aloud.
	“Because it’s a lot to ask so quickly,” answered a sweet feminine voice in her mind.
	Katrina jumped from the bed and looked around the room. “Lady Eleanor?”
	“Yes, child. Who else?”
	Katrina leaned against the wall and slid to the floor. “Don’t be so blue child. Everything will fall into place. Time will answer all.”
	“It’s just that I feel so awful dragging him into this life and making him wait for something so important.”
	“Katrina, the boy loves you. He understands.”
	“But what if he’s right? Showing up on sight as a virgin is a death wish.”
	“I agree that you should not do anything before you’re ready. I also agree that showing up at a ceremony created to sacrifice virgins will place you in mortal danger. However, you are not to be there anyway.”
	“Ok.” Exasperation bled into the word. “So I should give into his request.”
	“No. You should wait until you’re ready. You are not to be at the battle, virgin or not. If I see you there, I will personally… You know what, I’m not going to threaten. I am just going to say, the chance of you dying at the ceremony is nearly one hundred percent. Felipe wants you dead.”
	Katrina wanted to respond but something told her the old woman was gone. 
	With Lady Eleanor’s advice and warnings ringing in her ears, Katrina finished dressing and made her way downstairs. She was not surprised to find Landon at the kitchen table hovering over a plate of bacon and eggs still dressed in South Park pajama pants and a Homer Simpson t-shirt. Emily was working diligently on Asher’s pancakes. Aside from that, the kitchen was vacant. “I would like to actually go to school today, Landon. We haven’t been to school since last Friday.”
	“Alright, let me throw some clothes on and we’ll head out the door.”
	“I will wait a few extra minutes if you wouldn’t mind brushing your teeth today!” Katrina hollered behind him.
	Emily stifled a giggle while she flipped pancakes. She may have been fuming to hear the two snuck off and married behind her back, but with the help of Draco and Jean Claude, she was able to come to an understanding. If the two bound together, they would both be safer from the things so many people were trying to protect them from. “Are you really going to school or is that just a ploy to leave the house without a tail?”
	“To be honest, I would really like to go to school and pretend vampires don’t exist and I’m a normal teen. Granted, I know once I leave the building this afternoon the reality of my life will return.”
	“Katrina, I spent months trying to understand why I was chosen for this life. It is the worst feeling in the world to wake up one day and be a whole new person living in the unchanging shell of your former self. Take a small piece of advice from me. Don’t fight it.”
	“Thank you for everything you have done for me. It must have been extremely difficult to take me into your home knowing what Francesca wanted from you and what I could do to you.”
	“You will understand when you have children of your own,” Emily said. “Speaking of motherly necessity, you need to know that Lady Eleanor said you mustn’t enter the garden. If you do, the chances of you coming out alive are extremely slim. If you feel the need to see it, be sure to take either Draco or myself along.”
	“Thank you, Emily,” Katrina whispered, wrapping her arms around her adopted mother.
	“Are you ready?” Landon asked.
	Katrina nodded and pulled away giving Emily room to shove a few pieces of toast and a banana in her hand. “You need to eat something,” she said.
	Landon pulled out of the driveway and pointed the truck toward school. “Where are we going?” Katrina asked. 
	“School.”
	“I can’t go to school, Landon.”
	“Why the sudden change?”
	“Just something your mom said. I have to get up to that garden. Something serious is going to happen and I need to find out before the virgins are all killed.”
	“How about we let the adults, or the ridiculously old, deal with that. We are going to school today.”
	“You know this is our future, right? As of two days ago, we are destined to protect the world. Why are you stopping me?”
	“There are a few reasons. First, there are enough experienced people dealing with things and we are just amateurs setting ourselves up to be killed. Second, you need one normal day before all hell breaks loose. Third, and the most important reason, is because my mother said if you step into that garden you will die. I will not risk your death for a bunch of virgins I’ve never met.”
	“I don’t know if that is the most heartless or loving thing I’ve ever heard,” Katrina said. “Wait a minute. How exactly did you hear that? You were upstairs getting ready for school.”
	Landon held up his wrist to show a euphrasia bracelet wrapped around his thin wrist. “Lady Eleanor called while you were in the shower and asked me to put one on. She was worried I was going to have to tear it apart and wear it another way. I guess she hadn’t noticed my chicken wrists.” 
	“If I agree to behave all day, can we go after school?”
	“Why do you feel the need to risk your life? Lady Eleanor and Francesca are on top of the situation. With Tatum on the inside, we shouldn’t have to worry so much. We will have plenty of chances to stop a vampire apocalypse in the two thousand years to come.”
	“It’s my job, Landon. I am responsible for the lives of all humans when vampires are a risk.” 
	“Actually, that does not become your job until Lady Eleanor’s funeral,” Landon reminded Katrina.
	Katrina wanted to add how necessary it would be to kill Ratel, but she wasn’t quite sure how Landon felt about the situation yet. When Landon vocalized that precise thought, Katrina wasn’t sure how to react. She looked up to see Landon was passing the football field and pulling into the high school parking lot. “Let’s just get through the day, ok?” 
	“This conversation is definitely not over.” 
	Landon leaned across the seat and kissed Katrina. “It is for now. Let’s go.”
II
	“Francesca, I think it’s time we return to Scotland.” 
	Francesca peered over the top of her book at Jean Claude where he was draped across the antique chaise of the sitting room. In the faint light of the morning sun, even Francesca could not ignore his malevolence. “In all of our centuries together, I have never seen you so angry, Jean Claude. Why do you suddenly feel the urge to leave the place I call home?”
	“This is not a home, Francesca. You live as a caged animal. I miss the open air of home.”
	“What might this have to do with the phone call from Dorothea? I hear she and John have returned to Huntingtower.”
	“Yes, my wife, they have. Is it wrong that I yearn to be reunited with our long lost friends?”
“No, husband, that is not wrong. It is wrong that you would not just ask me. Are you that afraid of me?”
	“When in all of history has a man not feared his wife? It is the wife who carries the lock, is it not?”
	“Enough banter, Jean Claude. I will not go without Terrence. It is high time our roving family reunite. All this bickering and silence amongst us must come to an end.”
	Jean Claude stood from his reclined position and knelt at Francesca’s feet. “Then, wife, I will begin the arrangements. We will be home in no time.”
	“You are forgetting the battle tomorrow night. We must all be present and focused. We will begin our arrangements first thing Saturday morning once Felipe and Ratel have been banished forever.”
	“Why not let Lady Eleanor and her clan deal with this mess? It is what they are trained to do,” Jean Claude moaned as he retreated from Francesca’s side. 
	Francesca jumped up from her chair and followed Jean Claude as he began pacing. “Do you forget this mess is all your fault, husband? Had you not grown infatuated with the man’s wife, he would have completed the recruitment process and not been given the chance to partner with Felipe.”
	“How could I forget? You have never given me the chance!” Jean Claude headed toward the new French doors as a means of escaping the apartment. 
	Francesca jumped through the air and landed silently in the doorway. “You may not leave. I’m tired of watching you come and go and I will tolerate it no longer.”
	“Step out of the way, Francesca. I will just disappear into the morning sun and you won’t have to worry about my returning.”
	“You are acting like a child, Jean Claude. I didn’t say we wouldn’t go. I just said you had to wait forty eight hours before making plans to leave. We will not walk out on our responsibilities.”
	“Protecting those stupid virgins is not our responsibility. Our only responsibility is to keep vampires from acting carelessly. Felipe and Ratel have done a fine job of covering their tracks. If that old hag wants to risk her precious children, then she can find a way to keep them safe.”
	“Have you forgotten the purpose of the Confederation? It was your good heart that dreamt it up all those centuries ago.”
	“It was just that, Francesca. A dream. It was you who believed a drunken night’s conversation could become reality.”
	“Whether you agree or not, Ratel is your mistake and we will help the hunters bring him to his death. We made an agreement with Lady Eleanor and we will follow through.”
	“I need some air, Francesca. Let me pass and I will be back in a few hours.”
	“Why don’t we roam the mountains together for a few hours? Catch a few bears and plan our trip home?”
	“No discussion about the first blood?”
	“Not until we are both back in this apartment,” Francesca promised. 
	Jean Claude slipped one hand behind Francesca’s knees and the other under her arms and rose into the air expecting a half-hearted reprimand from his passenger. On the contrary, Francesca wrapped her arms around his neck and buried her face into the soft tissue at the base of his throat as her heart beat quickened pace. After five hundred years, she was still madly in love despite his many flaws.
	The soft tickle of Francesca’s breathing on his neck nearly caused Jean Claude to land on a nearby roof and ravage her. It was all he could do to keep to the sky until he reached the uninhabited caverns of the Catskills. 
	Less than an hour after rising from the balcony, Jean Claude descended into the mouth of an abandoned cave and ripped into the flimsy blouse concealing Francesca’s frozen twenty two year old body. The chilly morning air hit Francesca’s bare skin and she let out a gasp as she grappled with Jean Claude’s belt. 
	The sharp points of the rock pierced Francesca’s skin causing droplets of fresh red blood to run down her back as Jean Claude pinned her against the wall. The scent of sweet copper heightened the excitement and sent both vampires into a tempestuous state. 
	Francesca leaned into Jean Claude’s neck and punctured it with her elongated fangs as he pumped with enough force to shatter bones. As both climaxed, Jean Claude grabbed a handful of Francesca’s hair and pulled her head back revealing the soft tissue of her throat. He transfixed the throbbing veins just under the sharp jaw line as he allowed the excitement to peak before boring his fangs into a bulging artery. Francesca let out a loud moan that echoed off the walls and the couple fell to the cavern floor panting for breath. 
	“Jean Claude, I can’t wait to escape this lonesome life I’ve created and return home with you,” Francesca said as she pieced her shirt together.
	“Maybe we should discuss tomorrow night,” Jean Claude suggested. “What have you and Lady Eleanor decided.”
	Francesca stopped dressing and stared at Jean Claude. It was wonderful to see him returning to his old self as he weaned off the vein. Shaking away her musings, she began to explain their role in the attack. “Our job is to catch Ratel before he enters the garden. Lady Eleanor believes if we hold him hostage elsewhere, all his girls will be drawn to him and they will not have a chance to finish the transformation.”
	“And have you two discussed how we are supposed to do this?” he asked.
	The shirt Francesca had been wearing was completely torn in two. No matter how she tied it, there was no way it was going to cover any part of her. “Give me your shirt,” she demanded.
	“You’re right. If you go shirtless, I will never be able to focus today. Can you focus if I am shirtless?”
	“I know you have two shirts. Just give me one.”
	“I love when you bark orders at me.” Jean Claude grabbed Francesca by the jaw causing round bruises at the point each finger touched the skin. “You’d better be careful the way you speak to me. It would be a pity if I destroyed all your clothes today.”
	“Why would that be a pity? We lived many years naked in the woods, did we not?” she teased as the purple fingerprints vanished.
	With their faces crushed together, Francesca wrapped her limber legs around Jean Claude’s waist and awaited round two. Just as she was prepared for the penetration, he set her back on her feet and gave her his shirt. “I much prefer the anticipation. Let’s go prepare for the capture.”
	Francesca smiled her mischievous smile as she followed her husband from the cave and over the land to scope out Ratel’s lair. 

III
	It was surprisingly easy for Cori Planker to snatch a dozen virgins from the Chicago streets. Innocent young girls are just entirely too trusting. Of course, the night phlox.
After just five grueling hours in the driver’s seat listening to the ridiculous babbling around him, he was glad he’d made the decision not to drive all the way from Colorado. To make matters worse, somewhere outside Toledo the girls started complaining that they were hungry. “You know, I’m a little thirsty, too,” he’d said evoking a wave of giggling from the back. As he drove, Cori listened to the thoughts of the girls. Most of them were thinking about how cute he was but there was one particular girl with different thoughts. Something about her caused uneasiness. It wasn’t their inappropriate copulation she thought of but the years to come as well.
	In the parking lot of an old and dingy McDonald’s, Cori turned in his seat in search of the images.  Despite the unsettling images in her mind, there was still an immediate connection he couldn’t deny. “Claire, that’s your name right.”
	“Yes.”
	“I would like for you to help me inside.”
	“Ok,” she said as she began climbing over seats to the front. 
	When she reached the front he whispered in her ear causing her to flush red and look around to the girls. “Don’t worry about them,” Cori said reaching his hand up her denim mini skirt and split what little fabric held her thong in place. “Now, let’s go,” he said staring into her eyes.
	Cori opened the driver’s side door and climbed out of the van, pausing a moment to ask Claire her age. An eighteen year old virgin. Perfect, he thought staring into the darkened spaces of her skirt as she climbed over the seat. He could feel himself getting aroused as he followed her into the small restaurant. 
	With one hand on her round butt cheek, he guided her to the restrooms. The nervous shuttering that overtook her body as they walked sent happy vibrations through Cori. He couldn’t wait to feel those vibrations from the inside and judging by her thoughts, she couldn’t either. He pushed the door open and followed her inside. Claire barely had the door locked before Cori threw her onto the sink and braced himself against the mirror. 
	At the very last moment, Cori pulled out in order to save the girl from the pain of transformation. She may not be any use to Felipe but he wanted to keep her around. He would just have to grab another girl before he made it to Scranton. 
	“Get yourself cleaned up and meet me out front,” he said and turned away. 
	Shortly after eating, all the virgins succumbed to the calming rhythm of the van and fell asleep. Claire took advantage of the silence and climbed into the passenger seat beside Cori. She couldn’t help the images that played through her mind as she climbed forward. “These thoughts you are having are just because I was your first.”
	“These thoughts are because my dreams have come true today. And I was so right to wait so long. You could have just bitten my neck and left me for dead but you didn’t. Do you know why?”
	“First of all, how the hell did you know I was a vampire?”
	“Didn’t you find it odd that I was a virgin yet so willing to allow you to lead me into that bathroom?” Claire asked.
	“Yes, but-”
	“Did you find it odd that you felt the urge to keep me alive and human?”
	“Yes, but-”
	“The first time I dreamt of you, I woke up smiling and assumed it was just that, a dream. The second time was a little unsettling. After a month of dreaming about you every night, I figured you were real and I would meet you someday. That was three years ago.” Claire stopped talking and stared out the window.
	“Do you have any idea how crazy this all sounds? It’s impossible.”
	“About as possible as vampires walking the earth,” she replied. “I remember the night you were transformed. I woke up from a screaming nightmare. My whole world crashed around me. The image of you being lowered into that grave haunted me for weeks. I never expected you to rise from that same pile of dirt.”
	“Are you telling me you still dream about me every night?”
	“Yes.”
	“If this is true then explain to me why I’ve never known about you.”
	“You’re a man. Men aren’t as accepting of such things. If the spirits had warned you, you would have laughed in their face and severed all emotional attachments. On the other hand, I am a woman so by being told my future, I was able to prepare myself and be ready when you appeared.”
	“You’re crazy.”
	“If I’m so crazy, then explain how I knew you would be waiting for me on the corner when I got out of class today? You are Cori Planker from Grover, Colorado. You were abducted by vampires a few months ago and planted back in your hometown to await orders? The orders came in four days ago and here we are. Yes, I dream of you every night.”
	“How about I just bite you now to shut you up?”
	“Then I would just become part of Felipe’s greater plan and you would lose me forever.”
	“I never mentioned anything about Felipe or his plan. How do you know that?”
	“Cori, I know everything about you. I also know that we will be very happy together.”
	“Please, stop talking. This is all just too much.” Cori dove into Claire’s thoughts as he drove along. He couldn’t believe how many images of himself he found.  She was telling the truth about everything. He saw himself pull the van into the driveway at Felipe’s house and the two of them run off together. 
	Claire reached across the open space and took Cori’s hand in her own and they drove into the darkness toward Scranton. 

IV
	Lady Eleanor’s stomach was in knots as she climbed the main staircase to the ball room. The last time she’d risked young girls for the purpose of saving the world, it hadn’t gone well. It had taken years for her to mend the broken relationships and here she was entering the castle to make the same request.  
	“Joseph, my son, what am I to expect?”
	“I have prepared my brothers for the worst. They understand the situation at hand and have said they will do what is necessary.”
	“Thank you for all your years of loyalty. I hope I will not be forgotten.”
	“You are being melodramatic, Mother,” Joseph said as he guided his mother through the double doors atop another grand staircase. Lady Eleanor took a deep breath and looked out to a sea of red hair. 
	Standing at the base of the steps were more than a dozen men with tear filled eyes. “Why are your brothers crying, Joseph? What have you told them?”
	“They are aware of Katrina’s marriage and what it means to your life. They wish for you to reconsider this death wish.” 
	A hushed silence spread through the crowd as Lady Eleanor stepped to the head of the staircase. “Welcome, my children. Thank you for coming on such short notice. This situation very well may destroy us so I ask that you listen to all I have to say and not interrupt until I have completed my speech.”
	Lady Eleanor paused as she watched individual family units come together. She was just amazed by all the new faces she saw in the crowd. “Look at all these little ones, Joseph. Where did they all come from?”
	“Well, Mother, when a man loves a woman…”
	“Not funny, child. Have I been so preoccupied that so many babies have been born without my knowledge?”
	“The Brethren all understand your wish to see this prophecy through. We’ve been so sad to see the chosen ones die before their time comes,” Joseph said, consoling his mother. 
	Lady Eleanor turned her attention back to a patient crowd. “My children, I can’t thank you enough for your appearance today. Felipe Castillo has reared his ugly head once again and is creating yet another very dangerous first blood ceremony. This may be his deadliest creation yet. He is not only planning to sacrifice his typical three dozen virgins but all his female fledglings as well.
	“Out of the old, we create a stronger new. How many have heard that phrase?” Lady Eleanor paused to observe the numerous nods throughout the room. “While King Richard had the Mystic Dagger in mind when coining this phrase, I have reason to believe Felipe is using the same mentality for tomorrow’s full moon ceremony.” 
	“When a fledgling drinks the combination of the blood of the virgin and the blood of the sire, it creates a nearly unstoppable vampire.” Lady Eleanor paused to give her children a chance to accept her words. 
	“Mother, may I interrupt?” said a voice at the base of the steps. 
	“Yes, William. What is it?”
	“I feel your tension and I would like you to know my brothers and I have discussed the use of our young virgins. After much consideration and discussion with the girls themselves, we have concluded that they have been well prepared to go into battle ahead of their fathers.”
	“My boys, your father would be so proud of your loyalty.” Tears ran rivers down Lady Eleanor's wrinkled face as she made her way down the staircase to her group of grown sons. 
	William pushed through his younger brothers and wrapped his arms around his seemingly frail mother. “How I’ve missed you, Mother.” 
	“William, my son,” Lady Eleanor sobbed. “I missed you as well.”
	The reuniting mother and son wove through the crowd to a table in the corner and caught up on nearly a century of separation while the party spun around them. “Mother, I’m sorry to interrupt. I have ten girls who would like to speak to you. Joseph has told us you need to send the girls undercover into the vampire nest. If we are going to make our move tomorrow, we need to prepare the girls and explain their mission.”
	“Yes, John. Bring the girls to gather around and I will speak with them.” She placed her hand on William’s arm and leaned in to kiss his cheek. “I love you, Son. Never forget that.”
	“Mother, please reconsider your decision…”
	“William, now is not the time for this conversation.”
	Before William had a chance to plead his case, a group of young ladies overtook his mother with their fair share of hugs and kisses. They were so happy to meet the iconic woman who created the Cole Legacy. 
	“How wonderful to meet you, girls. I cannot tell you how proud I am of your brave decision. Your goal is to get the captured virgins to drink the dragonwort elixir. It won’t be easy with Felipe and his vampires lingering.”
	“Granny Eleanor, what is the purpose of the elixir?”
	Lady Eleanor was taken aback. How could these girls not know the use of dragonwort? It was quite literally the most crucial part of a young virgin’s diet. She turned in her chair to glare at her sons. “William, why do these girls not understand the importance of dragonwort?” She asked as calmly as possible.
	“Mother, we no longer force girls to drink the elixir. It is easier to mix it into their food. I have tested each and every one of them and it has proved to be effective,” William answered.
	Relief washed over the old woman. “That’s wonderfully ingenious.” Turning back to the gaggle of girls, she continued, “The dragonwort elixir is the quickest way to reverse the effects of the night phlox.”
	“So, that disgusting flower Mom cooks into our food will be enough to protect us from night phlox but what is to protect us from the vampires?”
	“I am going to stitch a few spindle sticks into your clothing before you go in. You all must also know that these vampires do not plan to drink from any of the virgins.  The spindle sticks are just precautionary.”
	“Mother, I have to ask how you plan to get our group of virgins into the home to join the others,” Joseph said.
	“If my experience with Felipe is correct, he has no idea how many girls are laying around his lair. They need just walk through the front door. I have discussed this with Francesca and she has offered the services of her most trusted duo to escort the group-“
	William interrupted, “Why couldn’t we just escort our own girls, Mother? Why trust the vampires with our most precious?”
	“William, you must trust my decisions. If Felipe finds you escorting the girls, he will sense the trap and kill you instantly. If he finds vampire escorts, he can be convinced that those vampires chose to join him.”
	“I understand. I don’t like it but I understand,” William conceded. “When will this happen?” 
	“We are to have the girls ready at midnight.” Lady Eleanor looked at her watch. “It is now seven. We have five hours to reach the meeting place.”

V
	“I did as I was told all day, Landon. I went to school. I did homework. I ate dinner. Can we please check out the garden now? I can feel something off.”
	“No, Katrina,” Emily said from the doorway. “Lady Eleanor and Francesca gave specific orders. You are not to go anywhere near that graveyard. There are many things at work there that you are just too weak to resist.”
	“Why is everyone so adamant that I be protected from my life purpose?”
	“Katrina, listen. If anything happens to you, the future of the human race could be placed in jeopardy. Felipe has made it clear that he wants you dead. The only reason you are still alive is because Jean Claude, Draco and I have been watching you every second of the day since we moved.”
	“Then how were we able to perform the marriage rtes without your knowledge, Mom?” Landon asked. 
	“That was the day I found out your father was never dead and he had become this horrid monster. Jean Claude called Lady Eleanor and put her in charge for the evening.”
	“Convenient,” Landon muttered. 
	Katrina and Emily both shot Landon a nasty glare before Katrina asked, “What is Felipe’s plan, Emily? I have to know something.”
	“You might as well be told.” Emily closed the door behind her and pulled the desk chair out to sit. “From what we’ve gathered, Felipe is collecting virgins for the sacrifice tomorrow night. We believe he plans to slit the throats of the virgins as well as every fledgling he’s ever created. Mixing the blood of the cursed with the blood of the innocent under the light of the full moon will create the most destructive race of vampires we’ve seen.”
	“What you’re saying is if Katrina enters the garden she will be added into the mass of virgins and sacrificed alongside?” Landon asked.
	“Yes, Landon. And that does not give you two permission to have sex.”
	“That’s a little embarrassing, Mom.”
	“Oh well. Embarrassment is my specialty,” Emily said as she rose and left the room. 
	“Landon, did you see her thoughts?”
	“About the garden?” 
	“Did you see all those blooming roses? And the fountain is all cleaned up and running?”
	“Yes, Katrina. I saw. I also saw that Francesca has joined forces with the Cole Legacy. There is no reason for us to have any part of the fight tomorrow night.”
	Katrina pushed Landon onto the bed and climbed on top of him. Landon rolled her off and stood up. “First of all, the door is open. Second of all, you will remain a virgin if it means keeping you away from that garden.”
	“But what about your… I mean Ratel? As long as he is alive, this family isn't safe.” Though the words Katrina spoke lacked emotion, she braced herself for Landon's reaction.
	"I understand that, but I believe my mother has enough hatred for him that it's no longer a concern."
	“She keeps replaying the same video. She walks up behind Ratel and shoves a dagger in his back. He bursts into flames when the silver hits the poisoned blood and the ash disperses into the wind.”
	Katrina opened her eyes to find Landon staring down at her. “I am so sorry. I have watched my parents die repeatedly. Each time a small part of me dies with them. You would think that after fourteen years, it would lose some of its power over me.” 
	Landon shifted his weight from one foot to the other, rotating his body enough that Katrina couldn’t see his face. At the moment, he had enough conflicting thoughts and feelings to short out a mood ring. Deep inside his pit of anger and self-pity for his father’s fate was understanding and acceptance of his mother’s wishes.
	Katrina moved to the edge of the bed and sat Landon next to her. “Please don’t turn away from me. I am here for you in this. Don’t be so embarrassed.”
	“It’s just that I know he needs to die, but he is still my father. And if he didn’t care, he wouldn’t have come to watch my game in front of the scouts. What if he’s just overloaded on human blood? Mom and Draco said lack of balance can destroy humanity.”
	“Landon,” Katrina whispered taking his face in her hands. “I believe your father probably does care for you on some level. I also know he killed your girlfriend. His plan is to turn me and Hope before tomorrow. Not for sentimental reasons but to meet Felipe’s orders.”
	“I know… he is the scum of the earth.”
	“Any traces of your father died when that moron bit him. You have mourned his death and come to terms with his absence. As hard as this is for you, consider what’s best for everyone.”
	Landon pulled his face from Katrina’s hands. “I know it’s best if he is exterminated. It just doesn’t make anything easier.”
	“I know.”
	“Was it this hard to lose Edmond?”
	“Yes and no. I didn’t have any separation beforehand. One minute he was here, the next he wasn’t. I will admit, knowing how many lives he took to further his own does make it a little easier.” Katrina stopped and wrapped her arms around Landon’s middle. 
	“Back to the original point. You were right. We have no reason to visit the garden. Let the professionals deal with the vampires, right?”
	Landon ran his shirt sleeve across his eyes and forced a smile. “Right.”
October 23

I
	Hope hated pumping her own gas more than anything in the world. Begrudgingly, she pulled into the station and pulled on her latex gloves. I will not smell like gas today, she thought as she stepped from the car. “How about I pump for you,” a voice said from behind her.
	“Actually, that would be wonderful,” Hope replied as she fished for her gas card.
	“I don’t need your money, Princess,” the voice replied. 
	There was something in that voice and the way he called her princess that caused Hope to snap upright and turn around. “Daddy?”
	“Why the question? Has it been that long?” Ratel teased. 
	All reluctance melted from Hope as she ran into her father’s arms. “How is this possible? After ten years?”
“I will answer all your questions, I promise. Let me pump your gas and we’ll go get something to eat.”
	“I’m not really hungry, but coffee wouldn’t hurt.”
	Ratel filled Hope’s tank and directed her to a small coffee shop in Scranton. “I’m sorry to take you so far out of the way, Princess. It’s just that your mother doesn’t know I’m here and I’d rather she not be told.”
	“Why is that, Dad?”
	“You see, your mother and I aren’t on the best of terms at the moment. It seems our vampirism has created very different undead personalities. She decided to go all holier than thou and I’ve chosen to live a more conventional vampire existence.”
	Hope wasn’t sure whether she should laugh at her father or tuck and roll from the car. “Did you say vampire?”
	“Yes. Didn’t your mother tell you?” Ratel asked knowing perfectly well Emily hadn’t told any of her children about her new biological make-up. 
	“She didn’t even tell me you were alive. Why would she tell me some silly story about vampires?”
	“Here is the restaurant,” Ratel pointed dodging his daughter’s questions. 
	Hope pulled into the litter stained lot in search of an open parking spot. “This really doesn’t look like a great neighborhood,” she said gliding into an oil freckled space.
	“Don’t you trust me, Hope?”
	Hope looked deep into Ratel’s eyes and demanded an answer.
	“I figure she didn’t want to share custody.”
	“Mom loved you. Wouldn’t she want you around?”
	“If your mother loved me half as much as she says she would have spent less time screwing Draco and more time searching for me, don’t you think?”
	Hope stammered.
	“Can we go inside, Princess? I’m starving.”
	The inside of the small shop was not much different than the decomposing stucco outside. Even sliding into the booth was a challenge as the seats were covered in what Hope liked to think was pancake syrup. 
	“I know this is not what you expected, Hope. It’s just that there are quite a few things about me that you don’t know.”
	“Ok?”
	The waitress came over to the table and winked at Ratel who promptly slid his hand up the bare thigh protruding from her skirt. “Celia, this is my daughter. Hope this is Celia.”
	“It’s nice to meet you, Hope. Can I get you an orange juice?”
	“Actually, I would like a coffee please.”
	“Oh, Ratel, she’s so much more grown up than I expected,” the floosy waitress squealed. Hope’s jaw dropped as this despicable human leaned over to kiss her father reaching her hand in places a child should not witness. 
	Hope wiggled with embarrassment as her long lost father made out in front of her. Just when she wondered if she could slip out the door unnoticed, Ratel released the suction from his face, patted the waitress’s behind and sent her on her way. “Isn’t she something? She’s everything I’ve ever wanted in a woman.”
	Hope was appalled. “What about Mom, your wife?”
	“Truth be told, I never loved your mother. She was just a cover for my illegal operations.”
	“I’m going to take a moment to collect myself before I run screaming from this restaurant. Why don’t you take that time to start from the beginning,” Hope commanded.
	“I see you inherited your mother’s dominance,” Ratel chuckled. “As a human, I was a pimp. There really is no way to sugar coat that. As a vampire, I am a collector for a big name sire.”
	“Vampire?”
	“You kids really don’t know anything do you. She really is raising a litter of crapheads!”
	“Dad, you sound like a raving lunatic. There is no such thing as vampires.”
	“I’m sure I do. How about I start from the beginning. Would you like to know how I became a vampire?”
	Hope rolled her eyes and Ratel recalled the story. When he was finished, Hope’s eyes were huge and she said, “I think I’m going to go to school.”
	“No, you aren’t. I would like to transform you so you can spend some time with me and judging by your thoughts, that doesn’t mean anything to you.” Ratel was so frustrated at his wife’s horrible parenting methods. “Here’s the deal, Hope. Your mother and I are both vampires. That night I went missing and your mother became so sick was the night we were taken.”
	“Why are you here now?”
	“I told you, I want to make you a vampire.”
	“You keep saying vampire but what does that mean?”
	“A vampire is an undead being that must feed on blood to survive.”
	“I think we were all better off thinking you were dead. Thank you for that confirmation, Dad, but I think I’m just going to be on my way.” Hope stood up from the table and bumped into Celia spilling an unwanted orange juice down the poor bimbo’s exposed cleavage. “Oh, I’m so sorry!” Hope squealed patting her chest with a wad of napkins. 
	“You will not be going anywhere, Princess,” Ratel cooed. “I will be taking you with or without your approval.” Scooping the waitress over his shoulder, Ratel grabbed his daughter by the wrist, dragged her from the restaurant and proceeded to throw both girls into the back seat before driving away.

II
	Lady Eleanor expected her children to take the news of her plans to die poorly. She hadn’t expected them to carry on like infants. While it was touching that they cared so much for her, it was frustrating simultaneously.  
	“William, my first born, you must understand? Do you not consider moving on from this dutiful, arduous life?”
	“No, Mother. I was chosen for this life by a power outside my control. When that power has decided I am no longer productive, it will release me. Until that day, I will continue to live and breathe as required for existence.”
	To keep from screaming, Lady Eleanor concentrated all her frustration into two balled up fists at her sides to allow her words to be calm. “Boys, I cannot go any further. I have seen each and every one of my daughters die and many of my sons have died gruesome deaths at the hands of those I encouraged them to fight. Through each of these terrible events, your father was at my side. With him gone…” Lady Eleanor trailed off as she looked each boy in the eyes. All at once, she straightened up and looked deep into William’s face. “Without my Kol, life is not worth living.” 
	“And what makes you think we want to continue our life without you, Mother?” William asked.
	“William, you have such a loving family. And with your beautiful Isabel at your side, I guess I can understand your lack of sympathies. I can’t expect your acceptance. Please, my son, let me go.”
	“I think you ask just a little too much from us, Mother,” John piped in. “Do you think we don’t know what this decision of yours requires of us.”
	“Your father has taught you well and therefore I assume you know the rituals for such a request. You must not look at it as a form of death. Consider it more a release from the world. I am ready to move on to whatever is to come next.”
	“And if there isn’t anything next?”
	“Nothingness must be better than misery, dear son.”
	“So on top of everything at stake this evening, you want us to set you ablaze with the nefarious gunpowder?” 
	“Yes.”
	“And how do you expect us to turn our backs on your screaming?”
	“A deadly dose of datura should keep me sedated through the burning. But boys, muster the courage necessary to allow for my passing. It is not going to be an easy task for any of us but you must remember this is for the best. You just don't see it’s time.”
	William stood from the table and stormed out the door. Though it saddened Lady Eleanor to see him turn his back on her yet again, she knew in her heart of hearts that it was just his way of hiding the pain. 
	Seeing the tears well up in his mother’s tired eyes, Joseph quickly altered the topic at hand. “What of Katrina, Mother? How will she be trained properly if you are not here to do so?”
	“The task will fall to you, my son. She knows and trusts you already.”
	“Me! What do I know of being a prophecy? I’m just a regular boy born into a great family. Anything I have accomplished has come accidentally. Look at my marriage alone, Mother.”
	“Joseph, my son, I did not come to this decision lightly. I have watched you protect this girl for her entire life. You will also have the support of this enormous family.” Lady Eleanor studied Joseph’s twisted face and added, “Did you not just say you were born into a great family?”
	“And that is why there are many more people better suited.”
	John, who sat to Joseph’s left, interrupted, “Mother, may I interject?”
	“By all means.”
“Joseph, I will agree that there are many people in this large group of Cole’s that would be suitable for the task. The problem is that Katrina’s whole life was just thrown into turmoil. She isn’t going to trust just anyone right now.” John paused to place a hand on Joseph’s elbow. “Little brother, this is the perfect task for you and as Mother said, we will all help wherever necessary.”
	The sentiment between her two sons caused a flow of saddened tears to spill over. “I love you, my sons.” 
	William wandered back into the room followed by a large mass of people. “If today is going to be our last day with you, Mother, we are going to spend it together. I don’t like the idea of losing you, but I am willing to accept your irrational decision.”
	With this, Lady Eleanor succumbed to sobs surrounded by the grandest, most accepting family she could ask for. 

III
	Terrence rarely gave into his carnal instincts. The pressure of the full moon coupled with Jodi's voluptuousness were just enough of a combination to push him to his breaking point. Even before she made her way into his office, Terrence could see the orgiastic thoughts playing through her mind. 
	Draining the bottle of whiskey proved to be just what he needed to close the deal after nine years of questioning himself. Jodi popped around the corner wearing nothing but the come hither look of a working girl and black leather boots. Terrence stood up to attention absentmindedly forgetting the bottle lying in his lap which slid down his legs and shattered at his feet. 
	“I think you may want to invest in a few plastic decanters, boss,” Jodi said pressing her bare frame against his protruding maleness. 
Terrence scooped the young vampire into his arms and laid her across the desk before kicking the door closed. He was disrobed and ready for action in a second but when he turned back to the desk, Jodi was not where he’d placed her. Regaining his composure, he looked around the room to find her propped in his desk chair with her feet on the desk. 
	“Are we going to do this or are you going to dally around all day?” Jodi said pulling black gloves over her dainty hands.
	Panting with excitement, Terrence kneeled on the floor between her legs and began fondling her perfectly shaved nether regions. A sharp unexpected pain on Terrence’s back side sent him into the air and across the room. Looking back to Jodi revealed the source of the pain to be a cat’s tail whip with silver tips on each of the nine tassels. 
	“What the fuck, Jodi!”
	Jodi’s face flushed red with embarrassment and moved away. “I’m sorry, Terrence. I just assumed you liked it dirty.”
	“I haven’t had sex with anyone in nearly a century. I wasn’t looking for anything out of the ordinary.” 
	As Terrence spoke, he tried desperately to read the look on Jodi’s face. It was somewhere between disgust and embarrassment. He couldn’t find a sense of passion anywhere despite her contradictory words. “Then I apologize, Terrence. We can do this whatever way you want it. I’m just so happy to be taking this step forward with you.”
	He closed the space between them and put his hands on Jodi’s face pushing her heart beat faster when he pushed her mousey brown hair behind her right ear. Pulling his face to hers, Jodi kissed him deeply and passionately before wrapping her legs around his midsection and initiating the act in question. 
	The room smelled like a butcher shop hanging with the corpses of dead animals. Terrence envisioned a stream of rotting red blood running to a drain in the center of the room. When he opened his eyes he was laying on the floor behind the desk, Jodi was riding atop him as if nothing had changed; her head tilted back and her hands groping her own body. How doesn’t she notice?
	Terrence placed his hands on Jodi’s hips to stop the rhythm and pointed out the blood. “It’s all over you, too,” she replied.  Using his hand to wipe some of the blood off Jodi’s chest was the wrong choice. “The glass!” he gasped.
	“I guess we were just so caught up in the moment,” Jodi giggled. Returning to her previous rhythm, she said, “I guess we might as well finish up here.”
	Before Terrence could resist, Jodi was moaning away and he couldn’t help but accept the shudders running through him. 
	In the shower moments later, Jodi began pulling glass shards from Terrence’s back as he described the events of the upcoming full moon.  “Because I am not going to be here, I need you to fulfill the requirements of the first blood for the captives in the basement. If we don’t catch Ratel tonight, we may need them to tell us what they know.” 
	“Don’t worry, Terrence. I will take good care of our friends in the dungeon,” Jodi said twisting an unusually large shard from his flesh. 

IV
	Katrina was less than thrilled about school. With the impending vampire apocalypse in the area, she had planned to spend the day scouring the area for oddities but being the lowest man on the totem pole, she was condemned to yet another day in teenage prison. 
	It took every drop of willpower to keep her from breaking through the double doors and running straight to the house in the woods. Something was seriously amiss and she wanted desperately to be part of the investigation.
	After two classes of pouting and silently complaining, Katrina finally found her opportunity to prove herself when Hope didn't show up for Pre-Cal. She waited for her to saunter into the classroom a few minutes after the bell as usual carrying an excuse from some obscure corner of the school. When she still hadn't appeared half way through the hour, Katrina stuck her phone in her pocket and grabbed the hall pass off the chalk tray. She would have to trust that Landon had his phone on him. 
	Sitting on the toilet in the first stall, Katrina began pelting both Landon and Hope with messages. Landon was courteous enough to answer after three messages while the load of texts sent to Hope's phone went unanswered. Something had happened and Katrina was not going to be stuck in this teenage hell while her new sister was in trouble.
	Meet me at the truck now, she sent to Landon and she headed toward the nearest exit neglecting to collect her belongings first. 
	Katrina was propped against bumblebee tapping her foot impatiently when Landon finally made his way across the parking lot to the truck. "What's the deal, Kat?"
	"Something's happened to Hope. She didn't show up to math class and isn't answering my messages."
	"What makes you think she's in trouble and not just ignoring you? She's been known to do that, you know."
	Crossing her arms, Katrina said, "Listen."
	Landon didn't have time to ask what he was listening for before he could hear his sisters weeping fill his brain. Another voice emerged from Hope’s thoughts causing Landon to question whether it was in fact his sister he was hearing. Hope answered the question with a blood curdling scream. 
	“Shut up, girl!”
	Even laced with such anger and hatred, Landon knew that voice. "Ratel has her! We have to do something."
	The newlyweds jumped into the truck and headed out the gate while discussing where to begin. "I think we need to head to the garden and see if she's there."
	"Remember what Lady Eleanor said about the garden, Kat. If you think she really may be there, we will have to call Mom and Draco." 
	"Calling them is not an option. They have enough on their plate. If we tell them about Hope and Ratel, they are as good as dead in their battle tonight. "
	“You’re right. We can’t tell them. It doesn’t matter anyway. I don’t think she’s in the garden.”
	“Do you think this is some kind of ploy to distract us? Ratel kidnaps Hope and when we try to rescue her, we are all taken? Your mom said something about you having a grave marker in the garden.”
	“It could be, but what choice do we have?” Landon asked.
	“We don’t. It’s now our job to risk our lives for others and the bad guys are testing that,” Katrina confirmed.
	"We aren't driving the most inconspicuous vehicle here. How do you expect we get close enough without being noticed?" 
	“We can read minds, Landon. All we have to do is put our feelers out for anyone who notices us.” 
	Reluctantly, Landon took a left out of the gate and headed for I-81 North. “You do understand how difficult this is going to be, right? We are trying to follow the sound of her voice over miles of impassable land. There really aren’t that many roads through the mountains here.”
	“Yes, Landon, I understand how difficult this is going to be. I’m just not sure why you are being so incredibly pessimistic. Driving is our best bet.”
	Landon’s forehead wrinkled together as he said to Katrina, “What about Jean Claude. He can fly. Isn’t there any way we can call him and he won’t tell Mom?”
	“Listen to me, Landon. Can you hear your sister’s thoughts?”
	Focusing on the emptiness ahead of the truck, Landon reached across the distance. Gasping for breath, he listened closely to his sister’s mind. After a minute, he said, “That sadistic bastard has my sister tied to a chair as he tortures some waitress. She doesn’t think he plans to physically harm her but I can’t understand why.”
	“Can you see where they are or how they may have gotten there?” Katrina asked.
	“Hope is sitting in the center of what looks like a cave.”
	“Is it a cave or an old coal mine?”
	“I’m not sure. The walls are dirt, not rock, and I don’t see any of those hanging rock thingies.”
	“Stalactites?”
	“Yeah, those,” Landon answered. “I can describe the whole room but that doesn’t get us closer to Hope.”
	“I understand that. If she is not in physical danger, we really don’t have to stress as much as I originally thought. Let’s just focus on bobbing and weaving our way there. If she were at the garden, we would just take exit 199 and be almost there.”
	“No, she seems to be further north and off to the east,” Landon said.
	Nodding in agreement, Katrina dove into Ratel’s mind bracing herself for the worst kind of evil. Despite preparation, the thoughts were too much to handle. He planned to bite and turn her into a vampire to make it clear to Emily and Draco that he would get what he wanted.
	“All these things we now know about your father, is there any chance that underneath it all he was just a big sentimental sap who truly loved your mother?”
	Landon was caught off guard by the question. “I would like to believe so. Why?”
	“I’m just wondering if maybe your father would be holding Hope hostage as a plea to his estranged wife. Sometimes, you don’t realize what you have until it has moved on.”
	“Where is this coming from, Kat?”
	“I think when Ratel saw your mother and Draco together the other day, it might have been just enough to trigger that realization.”
	“But I can see through Hope’s eyes. She believes this demon has no plans to hurt her and my father would know that any injury to Emily’s children would bring on a hell like no other.”
	Katrina pondered Landon’s responses before continuing. She completely understood Landon’s outlook but his opinion didn’t really help this particular situation. Ratel had two very clear images in his head as he tortured Celia. The first was the image of his son playing football and the second was Draco and Emily cozied together in the stands watching. 
	Katrina was prepared to share the fact that Ratel saw every one of Landon’s games when he jerked the steering wheel to skid the truck around a corner causing her to knock her head on the window. Landon immediately pulled the truck off to the side and doctored his wife’s bleeding scalp. “I am so sorry. I didn’t see this road until the last minute.”
	“It’s really ok. You were just trying to get to your sister.”
	“Do we need to find a hospital? Do you have a concussion?”
	“No, really, I’m ok. We just need to get down this road, I think,” Katrina answered holding a dingy t-shirt to her bleeding scalp.
	“Kat, You’re bleeding and we are chasing a vampire.”
	“I’ll be fine. Just go.”
	Sliding back to his side of the bench, Landon threw Bumblebee into drive and took off down the street. The new pavement became more pocked with holes giving way to gravel and then dirt until it became too soft for the little S10 to push through. “I know they are close. I can hear Hope’s pleas so loudly that my head is beginning to hurt.” 
	Landon stopped the truck and pocketed the keys. “Aren’t you at least going to pull out of the middle?”
	“No.”  
	Despite the fact that it was only 2:00 on a perfectly clear October day, the thick trees overhead held a majority of the light at bay. Crunching loudly on fallen leaves, Landon walked around the front of the truck to help Katrina from her door. “We are going to have to walk from here. Are you ok with that?”
	“I’m fine Landon. Let’s go."



Part four

The struggle now increased fearfully, as if some living creature were striving to burst the coffin. This was so shaken by it, that it cracked and split at the sides.

-Anonymous, “Mysterious Stranger”


First blood

I
	Lady Eleanor took her place at the pulpit and looked across the sea of faces. The audience, divided by a streak of pink dahlia’s, awaited a speech that would either form the glue of the Confederation and Brethren or send a crippling ripple throughout. On either side of her stood a being of great importance. To her left, Francesca, self-appointed supreme ruler of all vampires and the right, Joseph, Katrina’s mentor. Without either of these people, the world could soon fall into the hands of those demons fighting for control.
	Lady Eleanor cleared her throat driving everyone to the edge of their pew as if that few inches served as an invisible barrier between themselves and her wise words.
	“Ladies and Gentlemen of both the Grand Confederation of Vampyres and the Brethren of the Cole Legacy of Hunters, I would like to thank you for your acceptance of the treaty efforts to rid the world of such a savage being as Felipe Castillo. In all my years on this earth, I have never met another individual so prone to such devastatingly barbaric behavior. He is the wolf and all living creatures are his sheep. 
	“I will not take the time to list all the ghastly things he has done in his lifetime. I will only say, if he succeeds tonight, the world as we know it will come to a crashing halt and all that is sacred will be lost."
	Lady Eleanor took a large breath and leaned on the pulpit for support. With both Francesca and Joseph whispering words of encouragement, she was able to continue. “Before I allow Joseph to explain Felipe’s suspected events or Francesca to fill you in on the counter plan, I would first like to put forward my gratitude to each of you. While you may still be unaware of what’s to come, it is my understanding that you do know what’s at stake. Many of you will not make it out of this fight alive, yet here you sit. After the hardest two decades of my extended life, it’s wonderful to see the good in people and for that I will forever be grateful.”
	The faint sound of puckered lips crossed the right side of the ramshackle church. Lady Eleanor raised her eyes to see her Brethren lift their hands to the lips and blow silent kisses her way. Trembling with overflowing love, she turned from the pulpit. Joseph placed his hand on his mother’s back to steer her to a nearby seat before taking his place at the pulpit. “I will make my speech concise. Felipe plans to drain the blood of roughly three dozen female virgins and the equivalent number of female fledglings to feed to his new brood. We have reason to believe he is attempting to establish a new breed of Skogsra.”
	“What is he planning to do with this band of creatures, Brother?” John asked.
	“They are his tools in the search for the Mystic Daggers,” Joseph answered frankly. 
	“I’m sorry to keep interrupting, but what in the world would a vampire want with the daggers?”
	Francesca stepped forward to answer. “Think of it this way, and remember this is completely metaphorical from my standpoint. If a vampire truly wants to rain fear on Earth and he was in possession of such a mortal device, all beings would be forced to bow to him. Vampires out of sheer fear, hunters out of worthlessness and humans out of ignorance. If Felipe does get his hands on the dagger, no one will be able to stand up to him.”
	Joseph beckoned Francesca to continue. “Tonight we find Felipe and kill him. Without him, the lot will be unable to continue the plan.” As she spoke, the lights dimmed and a map appeared on the far wall. “If you will look to the map to your left, I will explain. You can see the blue star where we are right this moment. You can also see the red star where tonight’s first blood is to take place. We will break into four groups and come into the savage garden from different angles. You have permission to kill any rogue vampire you find in the circle.”
	William jumped to his feet. “A search and destroy operation! How are we going to get any answers if we kill everyone?”
	Calmly, Francesca answered to accusation. “We don’t need any answers at this time. We have reason to believe Felipe may be the last of the Ouroboros. If we kill him, we shall have no further fear.”
	“And if we don’t kill him?”
	“Not killing him is not an option,” Francesca growled. She glared at William as he took his seat. 
	“Please turn your attention back to the map.” Francesca clicked a remote in her hand and the map zoomed to Felipe’s house and grounds. Aiming a laser pointer from across the room, Francesca continued. “This is the fountain. We believe, as Joseph said, Felipe plans to fill it with sacrificial blood. As you can see, it is central to Felipe’s entire compound. The trees surrounding it may have been planted as means to camouflage the Savage Garden. I would like to use them for our own purposes. From the branches, you can look over the fence and hone in on the target. Keep that in mind.
	“Our goal is to surround the fence blocking the exits to ensure new Skogsra stay inside. At this time, Lady Eleanor will dispense her effluvium bomb rendering them helpless so we can exterminate.” 
	Zooming yet again, Francesca put the fence to the edges of the image and continued. “The zenith is 12:02 tonight. At that moment, the moon’s rays will break through the tree tops and shine directly into the fountain. We must complete our mission before this time.”
	“The tricky part is these graves.” Francesca pointed to a few matching footstones and rose bushes. “They may be the burial sites for the taken but we have no way to be sure. If they are, the effluvium will be sufficient. If they are reburial sites, it is necessary to kill them in the traditional way. I will need a few volunteers to commit to this.” A dozen or so hands raised into the air. “Thank you.
	“What about our children?” William asked.
	“By the time we come into the area, they should be freed of the night phlox and out of danger.”
	“Let me clarify,” Jean Claude offered from the first pew of the left side. “Lady Eleanor throws the bomb and then we get to kill anyone inside the fence?”
	Francesca huffed. “Yes, every undead being. Once every vampire within the confines of the fence is dead or at least rendered immobile, my Confederation will retreat and the Brethren will torch the garden.”
	“Here’s the catch,” Francesca said pointing to the house. “I personally believe there are tunnels connecting the house to the garden. The problem is we can’t locate them. As added reinforcement, the Society will be placed around the house to execute anyone passing through. They will also work alongside the Brethren in torching the house.”
	Francesca looked to Jean Claude, the leader of the Society. “Do you understand your role?” 
	Jean Claude’s face flushed red. We couldn’t discuss this beforehand!
	No
	“Yes, I understand and accept my responsibilities, Madam Francesca,” Jean Claude confirmed with a quavering voice. 
	“At dawn, we will convene here to take stock of survivors and discuss the events. We leave an hour before sundown. Prepare and meet back here,” she said as the groups on either side of the dahlias came together at the exit. 
“Seriously, Mother. That’s the plan. Kill them all?” William goaded. 
	“Yes, son. This vampire is old and cunning. If we don’t kill him and all his devoted followers when the chance presents itself, we may be chasing him for another six hundred years. Please trust in Francesca’s plan,” Lady Eleanor answered.
	“You are putting the fate of the world in their hands?”
	"I have learned to accept that there are varying degrees of evil in all beings, my son. It has taken two thousand years for me to reach this place. I believe it's time for you to search for the same understanding."
	"Mother, let's say I choose to trust Francesca, what if the chance doesn't present itself?"
	“I have faith. If we enter this battle filled with pessimism, we will fail and failure cannot be an option. Not after so many past failures.”
	Without a word, William put his arm around his wife and together they turned and left the church. “Don’t worry about him, Mother. He always comes around,” Joseph said in comfort. 
	“Thank you, Joseph, my son. I must be off to prepare my datura and be sure everything is in order for my release.”
	“Your release?” Francesca questioned.
	“Yes, Francesca. Mine has been a long and grueling existence and tonight, I plan to move on to whatever may be next.”
	“You are going to kill yourself? And tonight? What if we-”
	Lady Eleanor took Francesca’s hands in her own. “I will tell you as I told my son. Failure is not an option. You will succeed. As far as killing myself, that is precisely what I plan and it has to be done under the light of the full moon.” Turning to her son, she asked, “Joseph would you like to escort me home?”
	“Do I not have preparations of my own?”
	“I’m sure you do, child. If you would like to tend to them, I will show myself home,” she said and left the same direction as everyone else. 

***
 	The thought of his mother spending her last few moments on Earth alone plagued Joseph as he made his minimal preparations for the night’s battle. He couldn't understand why William was acting so horribly toward a woman just looking for acceptance in a miserable and lonely time. To make matters worse, he had just allowed the poor woman to wander home alone. Hypocritical much, he thought.
	Plunging the last of his silver laced stakes into the satchel and dialing simultaneously, Joseph couldn’t push his guilt aside any longer. After ten rings, he hung up and sped across the river finding the front door ajar and books scattered throughout the store. 
	His heart nearly beat out of his chest as he climbed the stairs two at a time all the way to the roof. “Mother? Are you here?”
	“Back here,” she called from her favorite stone bench among her precious flowers.
	“What happened downstairs?”
	“It was that way when I returned home. It appears one of Felipe’s goons ransacked the place while we were up the river. Don’t worry, my son. What he seeks is not here.”
	“Why would he think the daggers are here?”
	“He doesn’t. I believe he is searching for the volumes of Cole journals. I can tell you that in all his years, he has yet to learn the true history behind these daggers. Had he any knowledge of them, he wouldn’t have set Edmond on the task of uncovering information.”
	“Is there a journal that possesses the location of the daggers?” Joseph asked.
	“Joseph, you must trust in your mother. I have had many years to ponder what you are so worried about. There are in fact six journals that hold the locations of the daggers.” Lady Eleanor looked up from her tea cup into her son’s eyes. “Please unfurl your eyebrows. I have told you all six daggers have been misplaced by a hunter of the Cole Legacy. Each of these men recorded their day’s events on the precise day the dagger was lost. As long as those journals are safe and sound, no member of the undead will have any way to discover their locations.”
	“And you are the only living being who can locate these daggers?”
	“Yes, my son.”
	“If you plan to perish this evening, should you not disclose those locations?”
	“The fewer people with knowledge of the daggers, the better their safety.” Lady Eleanor confirmed.
	“What about this evening? How are we to ensure Felipe’s extermination without the possession of a dagger?” 
	“Again, my son, you must trust in me. Now enough with the questions. We must make the effluvium.” Lady Eleanor rose from her bench and led her youngest born to the cauldron. “Do you remember the ingredients necessary to banish a Skogsra?”
	“Faintly. I do know that steel prohibits them from causing harm.”
	“Very good. In a dire situation, one must throw an object of steel in their direction and they will run off leaving you as you were. Effluvium, when dispersed properly, will banish a Skogsra from existence.”
	A light bulb clicked and Joseph remembered the origin of the concoction. “In the stories, men wearing a festoon of tibast, vandelrot and grass from the northside of the chimney repelled the woman of the forest and returned to their rightful wife.”
	“Yes. In our years in Gotaland, your father and I encountered numerous Skogsra. At this time, we found it was much more effective to blow the fumes of the effluvium into the forest.” Lady Eleanor stopped talking and began yanking rows of red flowers from their pots and dropping them into a large basket. “Joseph, please fetch a pair of scissors.”
	In the few minutes it took him to descend a flight of stairs and return, Lady Eleanor had already collected and crushed the ruby red berries of the mezereum plant. “Here are your scissors, Mother.”
	“Have a seat and begin cutting the roots from the basket of valerian-”
	“Valerian?”
	“I’m sorry, child. Valerian is vandelrot. We need to cut the root from the plant, wash them and crush them just as I’ve done with the mezereum, or tibast, berries. Once that is complete, we will mix the two with the grasses of Njord and boil them.”
	The whole preparation process took about fifteen minutes after which Joseph returned to his line of questioning. “I still don’t understand how you plan for us to succeed if we don’t have a dagger to ensure Felipe’s everlasting banishment. What good is killing him by other means if he can reassemble in time?”
	“I will say this for the last time. You must trust in my plan. If we succeed in duly injuring him in any way, I will have the means to permanently banish him. After tonight, he will no longer be a threat,” Lady Eleanor said placing her fragile hand on her son’s shoulder. “You must assure me that you will do everything in your power to bring Katrina into her role as Hunter Mother. Without your help, the Cole Legacy will fall and the world will be doomed.”
	“Yes, Mother. I will do all I can for Katrina.”
	“No tears, Joseph. This is a happy day for me. I know how much my children love me and will miss me, but I am ready for the relief. You will all be fine without me.”
	Joseph wiped the moisture from his eyes and embraced his mother. “I love you, Mom.”
	“I know. I love you, too.”

II
	“Do you think I have been completely absent from your life, Hope? Would you believe that I have been watching you and your brothers grow from a distance?”
	“No, Dad. I can’t believe that. What reason would I have? Especially after you told me earlier that you were so relieved to have us out of your lives?” 
	Ratel shifted on his feet, nearly stepping on Celia’s gurgling corpse between his feet. “I did say that didn’t I? I will admit it was quite a relief not to have to spend every waking minute pretending I was a happy go lucky dad when it truly killed me to have to sit inside those walls with such a self-righteous wife and spoiled kids. That doesn’t mean I never cared about you. It just means I wasn’t cut out for the hands on parenting thing.”
	“So, you lurked around watching us? That’s not creepy at all is it!”
	Ratel tried to remember that smacking his daughter across the face would most likely break her nose and he wouldn’t be able to resist the blood. “Would you have preferred to grow up knowing that there are demons all around you? Maybe it would have been better for you to know that the people raising you were both vampires fighting the urge to drain the blood from your veins? Think about it, Hope. My keeping away was actually better for you and your brothers, that is until that idiot married the hunter.”
	Hope disregarded her father's comment about the hunter as she had no idea who or what a hunter was. Instead, she focused on tearing the rogue down from the inside. “If this is all true, why are you here now? I had finally come to terms with your death and here you are turning everything upside down? That doesn’t sound very sincere,” Hope said watching the shock grow. “Look at the body between your feet, Dad. You show up out of the blue and tie me to a chair so I can watch you torture an innocent woman to death?”
	“Innocent, my ass. This whore has a nasty habit of sleeping with men before drugging them and robbing them blind. Don’t look at me like that. It’s not often I take the moral high road. I just figured if I was going to have a little fun before tonight’s ceremony, I should do so with a miscreant. Plus, she will be reborn under the full moon.”
	“Ceremony?”
	“Oh, yes. Tonight’s first blood ceremony is going to be epic. Don’t worry, though. You will have a front row seat.” Ratel stepped over the waitress and untied Hope from the chair. “Lucky for you, I can’t bite you until later seeing as how I have to carry this pile of crap.”
	The puzzled look on Hope’s face was precious to Ratel. Suddenly, he remembered sitting across from his five year old daughter at the dinner table wondering if he should throw his businesses aside to care for her properly. Hardening his heart, he pulled Hope to her feet. “In order for you to spend eternity with me, you must be a vampire. For that to happen, I am going to have to put my poison into your blood so when the moon glows above, you will rise as one.”
	Hope couldn’t hold back the sheer dread any longer. When Ratel spun around with Celia thrown over his shoulder, he saw the tears running down her cheeks. “Princess, you must trust me the way you did when you were little. I have never hurt you before and I don’t intend to hurt you now.”
	Neither Hope nor Ratel spoke as they climbed through the dense forest to the sacrifice circle. After hours of torturous hiking, Hope detected the spikes of what appeared to be a wrought iron fence sprouting from the mist ahead. The closer she came to the fence, the more clearly she could see what was inside the fence and the more frightened she became. 
	“Don’t be frightened, Princess. Nothing permanently painful will happen to you tonight,” Ratel cooed.
	Walking tall in an effort to steady herself more than to please her father, Hope followed Ratel through a line of beautiful yellow flowers and into the fence line. Immediately, she regretted stepping one foot through the gate and turned to escape the way she’d come running headlong into an invisible wall bouncing on the stone pavers. 
	Above her a new voice laughed. “Ratel, I see you managed to follow an order. I am pleased. However, what is this vermin you have thrown over your shoulder? I can smell the filth on her from here.”
	“I thought you could use one more girl for whatever it is you have planned,” Ratel answered. “Do you have an empty grave for her?”
Felipe pointed to the other end of the circle and turned to Hope. “You mustn’t believe anything your father has told you. His brain is filled with the poison of the undead. Don’t worry. You won’t have to live that horrible existence.”
	Hope was thoroughly confused. Her father had spent the afternoon telling her how she was to spend eternity with him and now this man was telling her otherwise. Playing to the latter theory, she said, “But there is an invisible wall here. How can I get out?”
	“The only way to pass the way you have come is to no longer be a virgin. I can always make that happen for you,” Felipe teased. 
	Hope scrambled to her feet and pushed her body against the invisible wall as Felipe traced her jutted jaw line with the longer nail of his index finger. “You are a gorgeous one. If you would like me to-“
	“No. Please no,” Hope begged through the quiver of her lips.
	“If you’re sure,” Felipe tested receiving a vigorous nod in return. “Very well. Then you will be put to a good use. I must tend to a few other chores beforehand. Would you like something to eat? I have just prepared quite the feast for our other guests.”
	“No, I’m not hungry.”
	“Well, the girls are all gathered around the great fountain. Feel free to join them.”
	Hope stood frozen in place considering her bleak future when an odd ginger headed girl came down the walk to fetch her. “Felipe says you must join the group. He says your ungrateful attitude is making him angry and you don’t want to see him angry.”
	Timidly, Hope followed the girl the way she’d come passing under two rows of gallows and taking a seat near the fountain. “You need to eat something. If you don't, you will not be strong enough for what Felipe has planned. Please, eat.”
	“I don’t know if I can.”
	“Well, at least have some water,” the girl insisted, handing Hope a cup of water. The water tasted funny as if it had been gathered from a stagnant pond but when she held it up to have a look, it was clear. “Don’t dwell on the taste. Drink it and you will be strong."
	Nodding, Hope drained the cup before startling at the sound of her father’s screaming. By the time she reached the other side of the gallows, her father's impaled body dangled on the end of a long spear. Tears streamed down her face as she watched Felipe drive the handle of the spear into the ground beside the fountain and wander off as if it were as commonplace as hanging a picture. 
	Hope sat on the ground beside the spear and mourned her father’s death a second time until she heard his voice above her. “Don’t cry for me. This won't kill me. Once the spear is removed, my body will heal as it was.”
	“Then let me save you.”
	“You must not touch the pole, do you hear me. If you touch my blood, the poison will pass through your skin and you will fall into a coma. There is no telling what Felipe will do to you then.”
	Though his voice was sincere, Hope couldn’t help but wonder what thoughts truly dwelled behind the mask. A buzzing in her pocket reminded her she had a way to contact the outside world.	“You will not be calling anyone, Princess,” Felipe growled. “Give me the phone.” Hope passed the phone across and Felipe promptly dropped it on the ground and crushed it with his boot. 
	“Now here’s the plan. You are going to be chained under the archway to ensure your newly adopted sister will see you and attempt to rescue you. If you don’t say a word to her about the Night Phlox, I may be compelled to let you live this evening. Understand?”
	Hope nodded furiously. “That’s a good girl. Now let’s get you all rigged up. I have many things to do before the moon rises.”

III
	Considering the way Felipe impaled her father right before her eyes, Hope expected her rigging to be something along the same demented lines. Instead, she was restrained with heavy steel manacles around her wrists and ankles. The point where the four chains came together had yet a fifth branch which Felipe attached to the gate post. “Make yourself comfortable. You will not be released until your brother and his precious wife appear.”
	“Wife?” Hope muttered. 
	“I forget you have been kept in the dark. Yes, your brother married Katrina a few days ago and foolishly has allowed her to be kept a virgin. Don’t fret, though. You will have a chance to question them when they appear to rescue you.”
	Felipe walked off leaving Hope in chains pleading for answers. Irritated, he walked to the group of virgins huddled together and grabbed one by her bobbing pony tail and drained every last ounce from her supple throat. The perfect reaction came in the form of blood curdling screams all around. He wanted so badly to drain them one by one. 
	“Listen, girls. You must not scream in such a way. If you do, I will not be able to fulfill tonight’s mission because you will all be dead.” Something about the way he spoke quieted the girls. Not in a comforted way. It was more the reaction a lone hiker in the forest when confronted with a seven foot grizzly bear. “That’s much better. Now, I am going to run home for a few things, I want you to stay right where you are until I return.”
	As soon as Felipe was out of sight, the Cole virgins attempted to gather the girls together to escort them from the garden. What they didn't anticipate was their refusal to leave despite the mortifying act just committed before them. Hawley, the oldest, began to pace frantically. “Something's wrong. We fed them the elixir. They should be able to break free of the Night Phlox."
	Rose stepped to her older sister and, grabbing both shoulders, stared into Hawley's eyes. "Sister, you must calm down. You're right. We did exactly as we were told so something is wrong. Think."
	Hawley tried to do as she was told. She sunk to the ground and reflected on recent events but she just kept coming back to the same fact, William was going to be so disappointed in her. The last thing he said to her as she climbed into the van yesterday evening was the fate of humanity rides on your shoulders, daughter. Do not let me down. 
	Nervously fiddling with the hem of her skirt, Hawley looked to her sister. "I am so sorry, Rose. I have let you down and we are all going to die." Escalating self-pity kept her from feeling the obvious answer as she rubbed the soft cloth. 
	Curses exploded in her mind when Felipe crossed back into the circle. "I thought I told you to stay where I put you! Why are you imbeciles spread out across my garden?" 
	Hawley smacked her forehead. The spindle sticks, she thought. Sadly, the revelation came a moment too late. Her captor dragged Rose by a handful of flaming hair to a hanging post and forced her to the ground. She lay with her cheek streaming tears into the dirt and a knee in the center of her back as Felipe tightly wrapped her wrists and ankles in twine. The binding drew pea size droplets of blood to the smooth surface where it spilled over and ran down her arms. 
	Felipe ran a serpentine tongue along the red streams and licked his lips. "You girls didn't really think you would be able to outsmart me, did you? Don't worry. You won't live to see the disappointment in your pitiful Papa's eyes." 
	Rose wiggled and squirmed the best way she knew how. Still, she wasn't a match for the sire standing over her. In one swift motion, he stooped to the ground and yanked the spindle stick laced skirt from the girl's waist before slipping a large hook through the loop between her feet and hoisting her several feet from the soil. 
	Up until this moment, the girls hadn't truly taken the time to observe the scene around them. Of course, there were the gallows and the large fountain surrounded by honey scented night phlox. Out of the ordinary was the intricate system of pipes and funnels.
	They had studied enough to understand that for a vampire to complete the transition, they needed to consume life rich blood. It didn’t have to be human blood; many tribes chose the blood of larger animals for their first blood in an effort to keep fledglings subdued.  It was also known throughout history for tribe sires to bloat themselves and allow newborns to feed directly from them. 
	Then there were the sadistic tribes that filled large tubs or barrels with blood. To Hawley, this situation looked to be of the latter type. Felipe was going to fill the fountain and they would drink from it. 
	Her eyes followed a single pipe from the fountain up the hill to the gallows. It passed under the first circle and ended in a funnel beneath the larger circle. Dangling above the funnel was appeared to be an oversized fish hook. 
	The revelation was too late. Rose already dangled above a funnel and Felipe was working on another girl just beside her. There was nothing she could do.
	She bit down on her fist to keep from screaming in horror as Filipe dropped her to the ground and began binding her extremities as well. Papa had always told his children that outward emotions would feed the situation. Don’t let them feel as you feel, he’d say. For this reason, she did her best to keep calm in the face of death. She was determined to make her father proud in some way. 

IV
	Donning leather bird handler gloves, Jodi descended the barbaric stone steps into the dungeons below. The plan laid before her by her boss and one time lover was to fill the basin with a mixture of human blood collected from local blood banks and pig’s blood. Once this was complete, she was to pull back the silver chain mail and await the moon to awaken the comatose vampires in transition. 
	Jodi had neither the stomach nor the patience to follow through with such an abominable plan. No rising fledgling wants to be fed such a mixture. A proper ceremony must involve warm blood from the throat of a pretty young girl. Lucky for them, she knew exactly where to find such a ceremony. 
	Pausing on the bottom step to tighten the laces of her work boots, Jodi took in the view. It was precious to see her beautiful fledglings stir at her closing proximity. Oh how difficult it was not to laugh in Terrence’s face as he groveled over the loss of these ten lives. Ratel would have been proud. 
	Moving from chamber to chamber, Jodi threw back the silver curtain and nudged the bodies inside with her steel toe. “Wakey, wakey.” Slowly, Jodi found herself surrounded by ten overtly alert vampires. “We have a long night ahead of us, my beauties. You must be on your best behavior until we arrive at the sacrifice circle.” 
	Twenty large eyes stared back at her in wait. Jodi removed her gloves and tossed them into the stark white marble basin. “Follow me and all your dreams will come true.”  
	Terrence had no way of knowing how well Jodi knew the dungeons below the Scranton House. While he thought she’d been sitting at her desk like a good little girl, she was navigating the hidden tunnels and formulating the best escape route on the night of the full moon. 
	Jodi stepped into the smallest transformation chamber and stuck her finger in a discrete hole near the floor and pushed a hidden lever. The wall swung open and Jodi led her children through the doorway. 
	As the fledglings made their way through the tunnels, they could feel the rays of the full moon coming closer and began running more frantically. “Children, you must remain calm. We will be within the rays soon.” Surprisingly, they quieted and followed behind until the group emerged under a copse of trees. “We have to run toward the sacrifice circle. Can you feel it?” Affirmative grunts and growls told Jodi they were ready for their trek north.
	The fiends overtook the illuminated forest like a hoard of angry beasts being led toward a ravenous feast. The scent of Ratel’s spilled blood served as Jodi’s beacon as she led her newbloods forward nearly overtaking a mortal boy and his severely injured young wife. Thankfully, their silent minds were enough to keep the rogues from distraction. 
	When Jodi arrived at the location of her maker, vampires of all ages and ethnicities were arriving as well. Judging by the numbers, Ratel was not the only vampire ordered to build a band of young female fledglings. The scene inside the sacrifice circle was eerily calm. Dozens of human virgins dangled around a large marble fountain from which a fifteen foot tall stake rose. It didn’t take long for her to realize the twitching carcass half way up the pole was her precious Ratel. Forgetting her fledglings, Jodi jumped into the fountain and began her struggle to set the master free.
	A hand shot out from the crowd and threw Jodi into the air. The sensation of flying was wonderful while she was in the air. The descent was altogether different and the landing nearly killed her, though death would have been a relief compared to the torture of her last few hours of life. Opening her eyes, she found she was looking directly into a warning deep within Ratel’s soul. 
	Jodi reached up and ran her hands through Ratel’s hair. “Thank you for giving me a life of sheer excitement and adrenaline,” she said. Ratel wasn't given the chance to answer as a third body was thrown onto the stake above them. The process was repeated another three times over the course of the hour. 
	Felipe raised his hand and the masses grew silent. “I would first like to thank my loyal family of devils for gathering on this wonderful evening. At precisely 12:02 the moon will reach its highest point in the night sky and we will begin our feast. Never before has such a strong group of Skogsra been created and I thank the half dozen impaled vampires for the completion of this goal.” Felipe took the time to raise his arm in gesture to the six. “I apologize for sending you from this world by such painful means, however, you have outlived your use and a useless vampire is a needless vampire.” 
	Parting the crowd as he moved, Felipe circled the dangling virgins. “You see these beautiful innocents strung from the gallows. The mixture of their innocent blood and the blood of the evil doer will create in you, my newcomers, an undefeatable being.”
	The tension among the gathered thickened with each word from the leader’s lips. When he paused at one especially innocent girl, a ruckus broke out in the back of the swarm. Slowly that same noise circled around the party until fledglings were forced together to make paths. 
	A dozen men stepped into the spaces wearing solid black leather head to toe. Centered on the back of the leather vest was an emblem that Jodi had never seen before. Two entwined snakes, twisted into an infinity sign, were devouring their own tales.  Something about the difference in the mark made the group that much more intimidating. 
	“Tonight, I sacrifice my twelve deadliest vampires for the greater good. With their invincibility our new Skogsra will ensure vampires no longer remain shunned from mainstream society. We will walk alongside mortals!” At this time, each member of the gang turned to an empty hanging post revealing a squirming martyr in their grasp. 
	One by one, Felipe wrapped the vampires in silver and hung them in the same fashion as the virgins. “We are prepared,” he called eliciting a rally of hooting and hollering.

V
	The plan was simple. Hunters and Vampires were to come toward from the savage garden from all angles, meeting in the center to exterminate any and every undead being on sight. Emily’s revelation of her conversation with Felipe in the park, specifically his encouragement to slay Katrina, solidified the plan. “He says as long as Katrina lives, all vampires will die. I have been thinking about that conversation since and I may have found the root to its meaning. You say he’s searching for the mystical dagger, the only weapon of release, and has killed all previous successors of the Legacy. You have also said he’s recreating a race of villainous women. What if his plan is to rid the world of both hunters and vampires?”
	“It would have been helpful for you to bring this information forward earlier, Emily. I guess better late than never must apply in this situation,” Francesca huffed. 
	With a good portion of the world’s hunters and vampires on hand, Francesca ordered everyone to prepare for an ambush and the whole of both companies crept forward with weapons drawn. Reaching the iron fence, hunters started at the sight of such densely planted wolfsbane and took step a few paces behind the vampires. 
	“It’s awful quiet, Mother,” Joseph said.
“Be prepared for the worst, Son. They could be anywhere and everywhere.”
	One by one, the battle line crossed through the gate save the fliers who chose to jump over to secure positions around the circle. The tension reached an unbearable height as the warriors anticipated the rising dead. Once a strong line of defense framed the inner side of the fence line, Brethren stalked forward listening intently for lingering voices below the dead rose bushes. 
	Meeting at the fountain, William, John and Joseph agreed that the garden was void of any beings.  “Mother, the graves are empty and I believe they have been previously unoccupied. Could the Confederation have duped us?”
	“No, my son. I have heard and seen too many evidences that Felipe is in fact up to something horrible this night,” she answered. “We must exit this cage before we are overtaken from the outside.” 
	All turned to the fence in search of the quickest escape route just to find a deadly looking group of leather clad vampires creeping toward the archways. Joseph drew in a breath and stepped in front of his mother. William found his wife and stood by her side showing very different priorities when faced with eminent war. 
	Down the line, hunters and vampires alike unsheathed swords, loaded crossbows and unholstered guns. A mere dozen grunt men stood no chance against the combined forces. 
	John looked directly into the eyes of one of Felipe’s Black Mambas and lowered his lance. “What do you plan to do with that?” the burly man badgered before he burst into flames and blew away in the wind. 
	 “It wasn’t me,” Lady Eleanor answered his inquiring eyes. “Look,” she said pointing past the trees.
	The Society swooped in and dispatched the goons but not before they were able to kill a small number within the fence. Here and there hunters hunched over their dead loved ones and vampires grasped the singed remains of clothing. 
	“I am so sorry, Lady Eleanor,” Jean Claude said. “I don’t know where they came from. It’s almost as if they materialized at the fence.”
	Resting her hand on his arm as a show of faith, she replied, “It’s not your fault. We all knew what we were getting into. Nobody blames you.” 
	Standing below the copse of apple trees, Lady Eleanor looked to her intimate group of followers. “It appears we have been thrown off track. Draco and Joseph, I would like you to look around inside the house for any clues as to a true location. Terrence and John, do so within the garden. William and Emily, take a group with you and inspect the grounds.”
	“Is it at all possible that the garden could have been a decoy?” Jean Claude asked.
	Francesca looked toward Lady Eleanor to answer. “It seems plausible. If you would like to, go right ahead.” 
	Jean Claude took flight without explanation. “Where is he going?” Francesca asked frantically.
	“Don’t fret, child. He is going to fly over the area and see what he can find.”
	“Alone!”
	“No, he will take his Society with him. You forget I can follow his thoughts,” Lady Eleanor said in an attempt to soothe the distressed leader. “Draco and Joseph have located the dungeons within the house.”
	Lady Eleanor closed her eyes and watched through those of her son. “They have just reached the base of the stairs. This isn’t really a dungeon but a cellar. The floors are dirt and the ceilings appear to be rough, uncut tree trunks that serve as the base of the house.”
	“And how does he keep his prisoners?” Francesca asked.
	“There are small cages about the size of a large dog crate throughout the oversized room but they don’t look to have been used. Draco says they are most definitely silver, but they are lacking blood residue.”
	“Is there any way we could have been wrong about the sacrifices? Maybe he planned to bleed us as the undead sacrifice,” Francesca suggested.
	“I don’t believe so,” Lady Eleanor confided. “There is too much risk that you would not appear in time. Aside from that, why would he go to such extremes to create a decoy sacrifice circle if he were planning to bait you?”
	Relieved, Francesca released the breath she’d been holding. “They are headed back through the house, child. Judging by the mess of the place, Felipe held quite the party last-”
	“What is it? Why have you stopped?” Francesca asked frantically.
	“Hush. Draco has stumbled on a pile of bodies. None are alive.” Lady Eleanor opened her eyes and studied Francesca’s face. “You must listen to me. I don’t plan to live through this night. If the plan goes awry, I put it to you to work with my children to right the wrongs.”
	“Yes, Ma’am.”
	“Now clear these scattered thoughts. Your brother is coming to bring us a badgering letter. I will let him deliver it to you,” the frail woman said as John stepped up behind her.
	Francesca read the letter and looked up with devastating eyes. “How could he have known exactly how we would move upon him?”
	“It appears he has a mole within our ranks. That doesn’t surprise me considering the centuries he’s avoided death. The only solution is to leave all but the trusted behind. Jean Claude is ready for us and William and Emily will be here shortly as they’ve found nothing of interest.”
	Jean Claude landed next to Francesca with ease. “It looks as if Felipe is prepared for the ceremony in an identical garden north of here. It should take no longer than five minutes to reach it on foot.”
	Lady Eleanor glanced at her watch. “The zenith is in ten minutes. You must hurry. I will just hold you up. Remember, his death is necessity. Leave me the Society.”
	Francesca nodded before turning to the forest line and leading her small band of followers away. Terrence and Jean Claude flanked their fearless leader followed by Draco and Emily. Trailing behind were John and William. Having the two most dominant hunters in the Cole Legacy following made the quintet uneasy, but desperate times call for desperate measures.
	As the flock closed in on the true sacrifice circle, a familiar voice caught Emily’s attention. “Draco, have you heard from Hope today?”
	“No, but I’m sure-” Draco was cut off mid-sentence by Hope’s pleas of release. Jean Claude heard the voice at the same time and flew ahead of the group. 
	Francesca and Terrence arrived at the gate to find Jean Claude with a bone handled dagger hanging from his chest at the feet of a particularly boorish vampire. Behind him, Hope was enchained. The vamp, upon seeing Francesca approach, brandished a second blade and hurled it through the air missing his target but managing to leave a bloody slash across her left arm. William, however, did not take pause at hurling a silver laced stake into his chest causing him to explode into a puff of ash.
	Jean Claude jumped to his feet, ripped the dagger from his chest and broke Hope free of her bonds. She fell into his chest and sobbed, “He was trying to bait Landon and Katrina. He said they were coming nearer and he was going to kill them both.” Wiping the blackened tears from her eyes, Hope saw her mother and ran into her arms.
	Landon’s voice came from behind startling Emily. Holding Hope closer, she turned to see her son helping a seriously injured Katrina up the path. “Don’t think that way. She just hit her head. I’m sure she’s fine.” 
	“As great as this family reunion is to watch, I think we really need to focus on what’s going on inside the fence,” Terrence said. “The moon is nearly to its zenith.  If we are to do anything productive this evening, I believe we should move along now.”
	Emily handed Hope to Landon and said, “You are the man now.”
	“Mom, please don’t go in there. It’s awful. And Dad’s on a skewer,” Hope pled.
	“Hope, I must go. I will back, though.” Emily kissed the three children on their temples and stepped through the fence. 

VI
	“Now,” Felipe ordered. 
	Eleven leather clad vampires unsheathed brimstone coated broadswords and decapitated the dangling humans before turning to repeat the action on the vampires. William, upon seeing his daughter’s orange locks fall to the ground screamed out in pain calling the attention of the eleven remaining demons. Moving in unison, dozens pushed their way through frenzied fledglings toward the intruders. 
	“Children, you must keep your eye on the fountain. The blood of the virgins will give you immortality. Allow the Black Mamba’s to tend to our new friends.”  
	Emily’s stomach churned with disgust as the soon to be Skogsra pulled their crimson hands from the red liquid flowing in the fountain and raised them to their lips. Just as a young child drinking from a faucet, much of the blood missed their brightened lips and ran down their chin. Eager not to miss a drop, their tongues darted from their mouths to lap up whatever could be reached. This process was repeated as Felipe dispatched his enforcers to the rear of the garden. 
	An unusually large vampire crossed Emily’s line of sight. Wasting now time, she raised the barrel of her Saiga level to her attacker’s throat stopping him dead in his tracks. "Didn't anyone tell you modern weapons have no effect on us?" he chuckled as he swung his mace over his head. 
	At the last moment, Emily lowered the gun six inches and squeezed the trigger blowing the assailant backward and ripping a gaping hole in his chest. "Didn't anyone tell you even vampires can't live without a heart?" Large flames protruded from the hole in the Mamba’s chest rapidly enveloping his whole body until nothing remained but ash riding the waves of the wind. 
	William fueled by the anger of his favorite daughter’s beheading, singled out the vampire responsible and put a silver headed dart through his chest opposite his heart. This wasn’t the time to antagonize the undead as ten deadly vampires still encroached; however, this monster had the gall to decapitate the girl as her father watched on. “You missed!" The Mamba said tossing the arrow to William’s feet. “Try again?” 
	“Gladly,” he said reaching over his shoulder for another arrow from the quiver disregarding the tainted one at his feet. In a split second, the arrow flew from the bow and embedded itself closer to the opponent’s heart. “Is that better?” he asked. 
	“You did manage to graze my heart this time. You’re nearly there.” The wounded vampire wrapped his hand around the shaft of the arrow intending to fling it to William’s feet. “You bastard!” he cried over the unmistakable sizzle of silver on skin. 
	The alabaster glow of his skin began to fade replaced only by the blue hue of old blood circulating within. He sunk to his knees in pain, begging for mercy as the silver drained the life from him.
	“We don’t have time for this,” Francesca growled from behind. The scythe came from nowhere as Francesca decapitated the dying vampire and kicked his head across the garden.
	While John was not as handy with a bow and arrow as his eldest brother, he had plentiful experience with a lance having been knighted for his efforts in the Battle of Agincourt in 1415. Lowering the lance once again, John impaled two meaty vampires with one forward jab. He couldn’t help the chuckle that escaped when their bodies exploded into ash around his lance. 
	With six remaining, Francesca assumed her forces had the battle in the bag. Again flanked by Terrence and Jean Claude, she moved toward the burly group as they approached. At the last moment, the Mambas split apart and ran toward the gate. Defending Landon’s position, Draco pulled a pair of sickles from inside his jacket and swung them with enough grace to decapitate two fiendish vampires in one swipe. 
	“Four remain, Francesca. Shall we take chase?” William asked.
	Francesca didn’t answer as she was distracted by a sudden heat filtering in from the garden at her back. The group spun around in time to see flames erupt from the fountain. Jean Claude took to the air grabbing Terrence by his jacket collar and carrying his precious Francesca in his arms. “We are done here,” he said to his cargo. 

VII
“Jean Claude! Put me down right this instant!”
	“No. I will not risk losing you. Not after I finally have you back. Ratel is dead. We have accomplished what we came for tonight.”
	“This is not right, Jean Claude, and you know it. I can’t just abandon my people. They depend on me for guidance. Without my place at the top of the Confederation, Felipe will accomplish everything we set out to block.”
	“Sister. Never before have you truly cared what happened to all those people. You know as well as the rest of us that your only care was power. It’s time to let the power fall to another and move along with life.”
	“I promised,” Francesca shrieked. 
	Jean Claude dropped to the ground though reluctant to release Francesca from his grip. He stood facing her with both hands wrapped around her upper arms. “You did what!”
	“Calm yourself. If the world is in such danger, I might as well stand at the top of the barrier between Felipe and his aspirations. Without my guidance, that role will fall to Katrina. What does a seventeen year old girl know about saving the world from demons?”
	“And you told Lady Eleanor you would take her role when she gave herself over to the full moon tonight, didn’t you?” Jean Claude said.
	“Only if we failed.” 
	“Did our conversation in the caves mean nothing to you? We agreed to return to Huntingtower Castle and live a few decades together in peace.”
	Terrence heard enough. “And what about me? Were you just going to run off to Scotland and leave me forgotten?”
	“Of course not, Brother,” Jean Claude answered. “We planned to bring you along. Dorthea requested our return. She and John have returned. Francesca and I just haven’t had a moment to discuss it with you.”
	Terrence was thrilled with the plans to leave this wretched country behind and return to his beloved countryside. Maybe even start a new life with a special girl. “What about Jodi?” 
	“Did you not see her on the stake? Did you not see your captives at the pool? I’m sorry, but I believe you were prey to the ultimate mole.”
	“How can that be?” Terrence cried. “I found her in a deserted motel but three months after Ratel’s rising. There is no way she could have been the mole.”
	“I don’t have the answers,” Jean Claude answered “I can only speculate. There is a good chance Jodi was a whore transformed for the purpose of following you. Think about it. This is the longest amount of time Ratel has stayed in one place. The entire time you were stationed here, Jodi has become more loving toward you by the day while Ratel was about the countryside collecting young women for Felipe’s purpose. On top of all else, Felipe knew every step of our plans for this evening.”
	“But, last night,” Terrence mumbled. 
	“What about last night?” Jean Claude asked.
	“Let’s just say, I gave over to one of my carnal urges.”
	“It was a last minute ploy to gain information,” Francesca said.
	“And it worked,” Jean Claude said taking to the air. “I’m sorry, love. You are just going to have to leave the saving of the world to the Coles. We have a date with Dorthea Ruthven and her husband.”

VIII
	William, John, Draco and Emily were left staring at the empty place where Francesca stood. “I can’t believe my mother would trust a vampire to do her bidding,” William spat. 
	“What is that supposed to mean?” Emily growled back. 
	“That all vampires are backstabbing vermin and should be expelled from this world,” he answered coolly. 
	John stepped between the two. “Now is not the time. In case you didn’t notice, we are about to be overtaken by poison fueled fire.”
	The four remaining champions fled back through the gate they’d entered through, Emily and Draco heading straight for the children while William and John tried to catch a line of thought on the retreating villain. 
	“The kids are gone!” Emily shrieked spinning frantically in search of her missing ducklings. 
	Draco put his hands on her shoulders and bent his body until he was eye level with his much shorter counterpart. “You told Landon he was the man now. He probably just took the girls away to a safer place.” 
	“I sure hope you’re right.”
	“You must believe. Reach that pit of your heart where these children live. Do you not feel their energy and existence?”
	“Yes, I do.”
	“Then believe. We still need to kill Felipe,” Draco added. 
	All three faces turned to William. “You are the eldest, Brother. What shall we do?”
	“I will send for the Brethren. Draco, can you communicate with the Society?”
	“Maybe. I will see what I can do.”
	“Felipe and his new coven are stalled just south. I feel he’s waiting for someone. I just don’t know who or what,” John said.
	William nodded and closed his eyes. I need all able bodied Brethren to head north. Felipe has accomplished his mission and escaped without harm.  He could hear the vast number of affirmative responses echo inside his head and opened his eyes. “The Brethren are on their way.”
	“And so are The Society. Please remember, they typically answer to Jean Claude. I am not sure how much control I will have over them.”
	“Let’s move south.” 
	The group ran through the forest about four miles before coming headlong into the four remaining Mambas. “I knew you would be dumb enough to follow us.”
	“Interesting how all of us are still alive and well and only a third of you are still breathing. Maybe you should have continued on,” John taunted. 
	“I see three have fallen from your ranks.”
	“Enough chit chat, boys. We have places to be.” Emily said, aiming her Saiga square with the closest Mamba’s chest. With the pull of the trigger, he was on fire and blowing in the wind before the others could blink. “Anyone else?”
	Fear does funny things to the hardened faces of vampire goons. While they stayed rooted in spot and began pulling ancient weapons from their various pockets and sheaths, their faces began to twist into involuntary grimaces. 
	 Beside her, three men drew their own weapons and set them to the ready. She knew she still had three shots and could easily send these three men to spend a few hundred years in the land of phantasms, but she also didn’t want to waste the precious three rounds that remained. 
	William’s eyebrows raised and he turned his head to look at her. “Are you really considering just sitting back and watching this?”
	“You’re a big bad vampire hunter. You got this,” she said and leaned her back against a tree. 
	William just shook his head and looked the Mamba across from him up and down making a mental list of the fiend’s weapons. While everything visible needed the battle to be within arm’s length, he couldn’t shake the feeling that he was hiding something. William loaded an arrow into his bow and released it. In the split second it took the arrow to fly the ten feet, the vampire had lunged toward him, sidestepping the arrow. 
	Seeing the action, he squeezed his eyes shut and waited for the life ending blow. He felt a hand close around his shirt front one second and it slacken the second. When he opened his eyes, the air directly in front of him was flooded with a million charred scraps of paper and the vampire was gone. 
	“Still don’t trust me?” Emily asked as she plucked discarded weaponry from the forest floor. 
	William extended a hand. “You have my respect. Where are the others?”
	“Let’s just say, I’m out of buckshot.”
	William was speechless. He knew the vampire deserved a proper compliment, but nothing came to mind. “Let’s kill the fiend threatening our children.”
	“He is still about five miles south. It appears the Brethren and the Society will reach them before we do,” John commented. 
	John had been right. Even running at supernatural speeds, the four arrived in time to see a ring of armed beings shooting into a mass of young girls. “Oh my God,” Emily said. “It’s so barbaric.”
	“It does look that way,” William said. “You must remember, innocent blood no longer runs through the veins of these girls. If they are allowed to follow along with Felipe, the world will be forever tainted.”
	“What about Tatum?” she asked. 
	“I know you can’t read minds, but you must trust that I can. Look into Tatum’s face. Do you see her?” William nudged as he pointed toward her pink hair. “I know it will upset you, but there are no pure thoughts left in the child’s head. She is a true Skogsra now.”
	“How can that be? Just a few days ago…” Emily trailed off and fell to the ground.
	“My dear Emily, you need to hear my words. Tatum, the girl we cared for, went happily knowing she was doing good in the world. I know it breaks your heart but you must remember that. Now, she must be exterminated before she is forced to live out Felipe’s plan.”
	Emily looked up into William’s face. He nodded and pulled a silver arrow from his quiver and took aim. “With all my love,” Emily said near his feet as the arrow sailed through the air and embedded into her chest. 
	Tatum wrapped both hands around the fletching and pulled the arrow from her chest, tossing it to the ground beside her. Looking to William, she sent back, “Why?”
	For a split second, he wondered if there could be a chance to save this child from damnation. She lowered her head and glared at him across the distance and growled. “Your kind will never survive. The daggers will be ours and Hunters will soon be wiped from the Earth.”
	William pulled another arrow from his quiver and fished a silver broad head from his pocket. As he snapped it into the end, he said aloud, “I cannot allow him to control you.” The arrow slammed into Tatum’s chest and embedded the silver into her heart.
	“Thank you," 
	“Now, Felipe,” she growled.
	“I can’t. He has a human shield and my arrows are difficult to come by. We must let the circle do what it can,” William responded regretfully. 
	At that moment, Emily heard as guns clicked without ammo and bows fell to the ground. “They have taken down nearly all the new Skogsra. The Brethren want to know if they should head in with swords drawn.”
	“Do they wear the broach of tibast and vandelrot?”
	“No.”
	“Then it is not safe. Draco, please have the Society trail them. We cannot risk our men against the Skogsra.”
	“Yes, sir.” Draco nodded. Society, please take to the air and follow Felipe and his girls to their hiding place. 
	Six burly men looked up the hill and nodded to Draco before flying off. Meet us back at the church at sun rise. 

IX
	Lady Eleanor didn’t take a decoy garden into account when she made plans for the night. Stumped by the sudden change of events, she stood at the doorway to Felipe’s home at a crossroads. In one hand, she held her release from her burdensome existence: Roger Bacon’s nefarious powder. The other hand held a hefty dose of effluvium. 
	“We failed miserably, Mother.”
	Lady Eleanor spun around to see four agonized faces staring back at her. 
	“I ask you not to make your sacrifice tonight. We need you to lead us through this war,” William asked.
	“Yes, my son. I will remain on Earth.”
	“Thank you, Mother. Where is Joseph? We need all the help we can torching the compound.”
	“I have sent him on another mission. Gather who you can. Be sure to fill the tunnels below with fire as well.”
	All four nodded and turned away.
October 24

	Katrina rubbed the sleep from her eyes and attempted to shake the nightmares from her consciousness. “The dreams are getting worse, Landon,” she said. “Last night, I dreamt that Felipe sacrificed thirty six demons and twelve innocents in an effort to create a new race of beings. He calls them Skogsra.”
	No response came from Landon’s side of the bed. Reaching across the mattress revealed the absence of body or lingering heat. The early morning light made it difficult for her to see about the room and she nearly knocked the bedside lamp off the table trying to find the switch below the bulb. 
	Her eyes widened at her surroundings and she let out a blood curdling scream. She heard footsteps in the hall and scrambled from the bed in search of a means of self-defense before the wood paneled door swung inward
	“Did I startle you, child?”
	“Where am I?” Katrina asked. 


