





Tales Of The Echo Forest
Twins
By
Buzz Smith
Published by Buzz Smith at Smashwords
Copyright 2010 Buzz Smith
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.










Twins
Something was disturbing the peace
that had surrounded the forest for over
four years. The normally rich foliage, was
turning brown. The forest was in trouble.
Only an awakening would stop the madness.
Prologue
She walked through the forest as she had so many times before. She was no stranger to the uneven ground or unyielding underbrush. As she came into the clearing, she could see Igus in deep meditation upon the Great Rock.  He looked content, well deserved, she thought. As she studied his features, she could not help but admire such a being. He had secretly given so much and would never ask anything in return, save peace. Even in the deepest meditation, Igus could hear a pin drop. Her approach had not gone unnoticed.
“So you have finally decided to visit with me.” Igus said, without opening his eyes. “You knew I would eventually.” She answered. “I have missed you sorely. What has kept you away so long?” Igus asked. As she weighed his question, she could see his eyes start to open. “It was you who said to explore, to find answers. It was you who sent me away.” “Never did I ask you to stay away this long. Twelve years!” Igus complained. Twelve years is as nothing to us Igus.” “That is not the point! Did you not hear me beckon you?” “The time was not right. If I had come back, you would have won.” “There were no winners or losers. It is not a matter of wills.” “I love you Igus, but you could never accept that. Why do you examine every sentence and try to find your own definition?” Igus now sighed, “Look at me. Would you not question a statement of that magnitude?” “Your appearance has never been an issue with me! Even after twelve years, you cannot accept my love at face value!”
Igus thought back to their first meeting some fifteen years prior. She was bathing in Our Lady’s Lake , near the deepest part of Echo forest. Igus stood on the shore watching, immediately aware that she was special. Though not a great beauty, Igus found her to be very attractive. When she spotted him, she waved and smiled. No fear what so ever. He turned his back as she came out of the water. After she dried and dressed herself, she spoke.
“Good day, I am Arianna. I hope I did not embarrass you.” “No, I just was not expecting to see anyone.” Igus replied, knowing he should have sensed her presence, “I am Igus.” He finished. “You live in the forest do you not?” “Yes Arianna. It has been my home for many years.” As he spoke, he studied her. Her shoulder length black hair, covered ears that seemed just a little too large for a woman. Her close set, pale green eyes seemed full of knowledge and something else, that Igus could not put his finger on. Her prominent jaw, made her look almost defiant. “Where are you from?” He continued. She hesitated a moment before answering. “Have you heard of the Blue Isle, Igus?” Igus appeared stunned, “Yes, but that is on the other side of the lake! What brings you all the way here?” “Igus, could that wait for now? I could use something to eat.” “Of course Arianna, I do not know where my manners are. If you will follow me, I will prepare some dinner.”
As they walked through the forest, Igus’ mind mulled over the questions he wanted answers to. How had she gotten here? Why was she here? Why did his appearance not scare her!? She on the other hand was thinking of Igus. She already knew much about him. Destiny brought her here. It was up to Igus now. As they approached the clearing, she could smell a wonderful aroma.
“Were you expecting guests Igus? It smells as if you have been cooking all day.” Arianna asked. “No, I just whipped it up on the way here.” He replied, looking for a reaction. When none came, he motioned for her to sit. He then served her some food and floated to the top of the Great Rock, still looking for a reaction.
"This is very good!” She remarked, pretending not to notice his levitation, “You really are a fine cook!” “Thank you.” He answered, now having more questions than before. She could tell he was annoyed at her indifference, but he had not surprised her in the least.
“So Arianna, what does bring you here from so far away?” “You Igus.” “Me? What do you mean?” “You have been in my dreams for years. It is as if I have known you forever. I have felt your loneliness, and your pain.” “There have been times of happiness also Arianna.” “Perhaps, but it was always connected to someone else. Your own happiness has never been realized. Be honest Igus.” Igus looked at the ground. He knew she was right. “How did you get here?” Igus countered, trying to change the subject. “The same way you go from Echo forest to the caves, at Lost Man’s Ravine and other parts of Kingsland.” Arianna answered, now waiting for his reaction. “You seem to know much about me. I am at a disadvantage. Perhaps you could tell me of yourself that I might understand.” Arianna smiled at him and closed her eyes. Igus was not ready for what happened next. She floated to the top of the rock and sat next to him! “It seems we have much in common!” Igus declared, as a great smile crossed his face.
Arianna stayed in the forest for four years. Although she had accomplished what destiny had sent her for, over two years prior, she could not bring herself to leave. She felt as if she were part of a family. Arianna loved the little girl, Loanna. Along with Igus, they would explore the forest and the caves. A week before she left Echo forest, Arianna thought the time had come to talk with Igus about something a little more personal.
“Igus, how do you feel about me?” Arianna asked. “What do you mean Arianna? When you first came here, you made me realize that I was indeed lonely. I think I have never been this happy in my life.” “You did not answer my question. Can your mouth not say what is in your heart?” “Arianna, I am not sure what it is you want from me.” “Of course you do Igus. But if you cannot admit it, then allow me to. I love you. I probably loved you before I ever came to the Echo Forest.” Igus could not believe what was just said. He knew his appearance was barely tolerated by most, “How can you say that Arianna!? Look at me!” “Igus, I have looked at you. I love you, and I want to know how you feel.” She insisted. Igus wished she had never said it. 'Yes', he thought to himself, ‘I do love you’. He wanted to shout it to the world. “You have stayed here too long Arianna. What you want...is not here. Please, do not think me unkind. But you need to search elsewhere.” With that said, Igus turned and walked into the forest.
Igus’ mind drifted back to the present, “Twelve years Arianna! I never wanted you to stay away that long.” He lamented. “Has it mattered Igus? Do you still battle your heart?” Arianna demanded. “Can we just visit for a while? Get...reacquainted?” Igus asked hopefully. Arianna smiled at him, “Perhaps for a while, but only if you make some of that wonderful food.” “Done!” Igus agreed.
§§§§§§§§§§§§
The battle at Landon was won more than four years ago. Devon and Loanna had a little girl they named Brittany. She was a beautiful child with Loanna’s golden hair and Devon’s light brown eyes.
Gareth and Melanie had a son named Michael. Katryn would comment on how much Michael looked like Gareth when he was young, except that Michael had Melanie’s blue eyes.
A year after the children were born, Katryn was introduced to Igus. She thanked him profusely for protecting Lisa and her grandson. She was amazed that such a being existed and even more amazed when she learned that he was not the only child of nature. When Katryn asked Igus’ last name, she was told that the Children of Nature had no use of last names. She found herself looking forward to their visits to the Echo Forest. As they walked into the clearing, they could see Igus talking to a woman.
“Arianna!” Loanna suddenly shouted, running to embrace her. “Loanna! Look at you! You are positively beautiful!” Arianna smiled, as she held Loanna. “It has been a very long time, I did not think you would remember her.” Igus said, happily taking Brittany from Devon’s arms. “How could I forget? It is so good to see you. This is my husband, Devon.” Loanna said proudly. “Devon, you are a very lucky man!” Arianna said. “I am well aware of that! Allow me to introduce Ladies Katryn, Lisa and Melanie, and Lord Gareth.” Devon said, a broad smile on his face. “My pleasure.” Arianna replied, with a slight bow. “We need not be so formal Devon. We have been friends much too long.” Katryn chided, then added, “Please address us by our given names Arianna.” “Perhaps some refreshments are in order!” Igus suggested, now bouncing Brittany on his knee. Michael felt left out and ran to Igus, “Gus? My turn!” Everyone laughed, Michael always left the ‘I’, out of Igus.
As the afternoon passed, Arianna watched Igus play with the children and wondered how things had gotten so out of hand all those years ago. Had she been too unbending? Should she have given Igus more time? Loanna could see Arianna was deep in thought and asked her to take a walk into the forest.
“Arianna, why did you leave? I was terribly upset for the longest time.” Loanna asked. “At the time little one, I was making Igus miserable.” “Why do you say that?” “You were too young to understand Loanna. I love Igus, and told him so. It seems ironic that the one thing that amuses him most, is the one thing that keeps us apart.” Arianna mused. “What are you saying Arianna?” “His appearance! Loanna, he denies my love because of his appearance!” “He can be so stubborn! But surely it was not necessary to stay away so long.” “You must know Loanna, the passage of time for Igus and I is different than for humans.” “I realize that, though I have never understood. But still, I have missed you. I love Igus as a father, but it would have been nice to have a woman’s touch around here. Would it help if I talked to Igus?” Loanna now asked. “No, I do not think so. He was never one to be pushed into anything.” Arianna said.  “How long will you stay?” “I am not sure Loanna. I have sensed something in the air, but cannot put a finger on it.” “If I know you Arianna, you will figure it out.” Loanna said, with a smile, then added, “Come, it grows late. I need to get Brittany home.”
“What did you think of Arianna, Devon?” Loanna asked, as she tucked Brittany into bed. “She seemed very nice, although a little mysterious. Is she like Igus?” “Yes, she comes from the Blue Isle, beyond Our Lady’s Lake.” “That is a long way to travel. Did she say why she was here?” “Apparently to see Igus again. But she also said something was in the air. What can that mean?” As Loanna thought back, Devon could see sadness in her eyes. “What is it, my love?” He asked. Loanna then told him of the first time she had met Arianna.
Loanna was at the base of the Great Rock talking to Igus. “And who might this be Igus?” Arianna asked, as she came into the clearing. “Arianna, I would like you to meet Loanna.” “Loanna, a pretty name for a pretty girl.” “Thank you.” Loanna replied, as she stood up. “How did you come to live in the forest.” Arianna asked. Loanna looked up at Igus. “Her parents died when she was but two. They were close friends of mine and I promised to care for her.” Igus said, floating down to them. “Very generous of you.” Arianna allowed. “No, I considered it an honor.” “Where are you from Arianna?” Loanna now asked. Arianna told Loanna of the Blue Isle, and showed her crystals she had brought with her.
They became very close as the months passed, and would spend hours talking and giggling. About two years after Arianna arrived, Igus seemed to grow sick. The trees and plants in the forest and surrounding countryside began drying up and dying.
“Igus, I sense something is poisoning your very life force!” Arianna said, hoping Igus would know of a remedy. “The forest seems to be turning on me. I am no longer able to concentrate.” Igus said, weakly. As Arianna watched him deteriorate in front of her eyes Loanna ran into the clearing, “Igus! The forest seems to be dying!” Igus could no longer answer, he was fighting for his life, for the life of the forest. Loanna now went to Arianna.
“What can we do Arianna!?” Loanna shouted. “There is a blockage within him, little one. He cannot connect to the life force that keeps the forest lush and green.” “What can be done?” Loanna asked, crying softly. “The only thing that may help, could also kill him.” Arianna floated to the top of the rock. She then took a blue crystal from her pouch and closed her eyes. The crystal began to glow and pulsate. Loanna was no stranger to the mystical ways of nature, but was afraid of what Arianna was doing.
“Arianna what is it you do!?” Loanna sobbed. “I need to find a path, a connection to Igus’ life force. But the poison is too great!” “Poison!? What are you saying Arianna?” “There is no time little one! Go to the Cave of Lights. You will be safe there! I must take Igus to the Blue Isle.” “Take me with you! I am afraid!” Arianna opened her eyes and looked down at Loanna, “You must trust me little one. I care about him too. If he has a chance to survive, I must take him with me.” “I will go to the cave and wait. Please help him!” Arianna retrieved a pink crystal and closed her eyes again. A pink light now surrounded Igus. Loanna watched them float along the tree tops, toward the lake. In a moment they were out of sight.
“That was the time you had told me about before, is it not?” Devon asked as Loanna finished. “Yes, when Igus ‘tested’ you and scared me.” Loanna answered. “You said he recovered after a few days, but you never mentioned Arianna.” Devon said. “I was worried and looking for Igus, remember.” “Yes of course. I noticed how she was watching him. Do you think she still loves Igus?” “Yes, I guess it was pretty obvious. But Igus, with all his wisdom, will not accept that love.” “What do you mean Loanna?” “Igus, it seems, cannot see past his own appearance.” “That is just like him. Do as I say, not as I do. I think I will pay him a visit tomorrow.” Devon said, taking Loanna in his arms, “Maybe I should tell him what he is missing.”
As Devon walked into the forest, he could not help but notice a dank odor. He had never smelled anything like it. As he walked through the underbrush, he also noticed how brown everything seemed to be. When he came into the clearing, he could see Arianna sitting at the base of the Great Rock.
“Good day Arianna. How are you this fine day?” “Devon, it is nice to see you again. I am fine, thank you.” “Where is Igus?” “After you and the others left, he said he was going to the Cave of Lights.” “I wonder what part of Kingsland he is off to now.” “I do not know, but while you are here, let us sit and talk awhile.” “That would be nice, we did not have much chance yesterday.” “When did you first meet Loanna?” Arianna asked, pouring Devon a cup of tea.
Devon told her of the evening by the Serenity River and the adventures that followed. Arianna could see the love in Devon’s eyes as he spoke of Loanna. “I cannot imagine life without her.” Devon finished. “Yes, she was always special.” Arianna added. “What was she like as a little girl?” Devon asked. “She had to know everything! It seemed that as soon as I answered a question, she would ask another.” Arianna said, laughing.
“I bet you two are talking about Loanna!” Igus said, coming into the clearing. “How did you guess!” Arianna said, still laughing. “Hello Devon! Two days in a row, I did not think apron strings would stretch this far!” Igus said, now laughing also. Devon smiled. Since marrying Loanna, he did not visit as much.
“Igus, I am going to return home for a couple of days.” Arianna cut in. Igus’ eyes immediately saddened, “Tell me you will come back soon.” Igus said, almost pleading. “Yes, three days at the most. Promise,” As she walked toward the lake, Devon could see Igus watching her every step.
“Do you love her very much, Igus?” Devon asked. Igus was taken aback, “I do not have time for love.” Igus answered, sternly. “I seem to remember a conversation we once had. You told me I was fighting my heart. I may not be a wise old sage, but it appears you are fighting your heart.” Devon chided. Igus looked at his friend and smiled, “You turn my own words back on me.” “My reason for not admitting that I loved Loanna needed to be addressed. I thanked you for that. Will you now address your feelings for Arianna?” Igus looked at his friend, knowing he was right, “Yes Devon, I do love Arianna, with all my being. But it changes nothing. “Yes Igus! It changes everything!” Devon and Igus both turned in the direction the voice was coming from.
“Arianna! I cannot believe you would stoop to eavesdropping!” Igus exclaimed, his eyes wide open with surprise. Devon laughed to himself, he remembered how Loanna had done the same thing to him. “The hard part is over Igus. Finally, your mouth has said what your heart has always known.” Arianna said. Devon watched as Arianna walked to Igus. “Did it hurt that much?” She asked, as she put her arms around Igus. “Arianna, Devon is still here.” Igus protested. Arianna did not see anyone but Igus. She looked into Igus’ eyes. “I love you.” She said, gently kissing him.
A soft light began to envelop Igus and Arianna. Devon watched in amazement. The light began to pulsate, as Igus and Arianna started to fade. In a moment, they were completely gone! Devon left the clearing totally dumbfounded.
Devon walked through the forest smiling. As he got into the underbrush, he again noticed the odd aroma and decided to kick up some of the dead leaves. The ground seemed bone dry. He picked up a small branch and dug into the hard earth. He had dug up about a foot of dirt and realized the odor was getting stronger. A rotting carcass of some kind, he thought. Suddenly a voice came out of nowhere. It started like a low growl. “Leave it be Priest!” Devon jumped back. “Who is there!?” He demanded. Silence. Nothing more was said. Devon walked out of the forest and back to the Parish.
“It was so strange.” Devon said, after telling Loanna of the voice. “Could it have been the wind?” Loanna offered. “No, I am pretty sure I heard a voice.” “Perhaps a badger’s burrow.” “I suppose so.” Devon allowed, then continued, “Oh Loanna, you should have seen Igus’ face!” “What are you saying?” “I am sorry, I was thinking about the voice and forgot to tell you about Arianna.” Devon then told Loanna of his visit with Arianna and Igus. He told her how Arianna had eavesdropped.
“She did exactly what you did!” Devon howled. Loanna’s face turned red. “That is horrible!” She pouted. Brittany now joined in, “Daddy horrible.” She said, giggling. “You tell him!” Loanna said, laughing as she picked Brittany up. “But the way they disappeared! I cannot wait to talk to Igus again. I think I must have witnessed a wedding ceremony.” “I only hope they will be as happy as we are.” Loanna said, kissing her daughter. “I wonder if they will have children?” Devon pondered. “Speaking of which, we will be having another little visitor.” Loanna said, watching for Devon’s reaction. Devon’s face lit up, “A baby! Are you sure?” “Yes my love, perhaps a little brother for Brittany.” Devon went to Loanna and kissed her, “I did not think life could get any better.”
It had been a week since Devon’s encountered with the voice. He had gone to the Great Rock three times, but Igus was not there. Each time he went through the underbrush, the smell seemed to grow stronger. When he came into the clearing, he could see the Great Rock was still vacant. As he walked closer, the voice seemed to fill his mind. ‘Leave it be Priest!’ He felt he could no longer wait, he had to contact Igus. He climbed atop the Great Rock, then, while holding Igus’ white crystal, closed his eyes. As the warm tingling began, he thought of Igus. Within a few seconds Igus appeared with Arianna at the base of the rock.
“Igus! I am sorry to bother you.” “Do not be Devon, I know it must be important.” As Igus spoke, Devon found himself floating to the ground. Devon explained to them about the smell and the voice.
“Leave what be Devon?” Arianna asked. “I have no idea, but I have not slept well since.” Igus closed his eyes. He could now sense something. Arianna faced Igus and closed her eyes also. Devon could only wait and watch for what seemed an eternity. Igus’ and Arianna’s eyes finally opened. Igus looked at Devon and spoke one word.
“Corsea!” Devon could see Igus was visibly upset. “Corsea? What is that?” “Not what, but who!” Arianna said. Igus now interrupted, “Devon, I need to try to stop this before it begins again! Please leave for now. Arianna and I must talk!”
As Devon told Loanna of his meeting with Igus, he could see fear come to her eyes, “What is it my love?” “Corsea! Igus once told me of a great battle that took place many years before I was born. Igus said that the Serenity River was but a stream.” Loanna said.  “A stream!?” “Yes, Igus said the people were dying of fever and starvation. Corsea had a stranglehold on the whole countryside.” “But what has that got to do with the Serenity?” Devon asked. “Our Lady’s Lake used to come up to the Cave of Lights, almost two miles from where the shoreline is now.” Devon looked at Loanna, not fully comprehending, “Igus created the Serenity? Why?” “As I understand it, Corsea had caused the ponds to dry up. The crops failed, many died before Igus could seal him away.” “Sealed away?” “Yes, Igus has never killed anyone. He would sooner die himself. He lured Corsea into the area, that is now the Haunted Bog. It was all part of the Echo Forest back then. Igus was almost dead but managed to leave enough of his life essence in a cave. Corsea sensed it, and went in. Igus sealed the cave and let loose Our Lady. The resulting flood created the Serenity and the Haunted Bog. Corsea has been sealed ever since.” Devon thought for a moment,  “I think we should visit Gareth. If a battle is coming, he needs to know.”  “Yes, I think that would be wise.” Loanna agreed. They gathered up Brittany and went to Cashell.
“Welcome my friends! How are you?” Gareth asked, as they entered the study. “I wish we could say fine, but we have brought news of a potential battle.” Devon said, solemnly. “A battle Devon? I have heard of nothing that would indicate any conflict.” Gareth replied. “I agree with Gareth, the land has known true peace for over four years now.” Katryn added. “Believe me, I wish it were unfounded.” Devon said, then told them of the warning he had received from the voice. He then told them of his meeting with Igus. Loanna explained what she knew of Corsea and how he had been sealed deep in the bog many many years ago. Devon sent for his captain of the guard.
“Sir Philip, I want you to send a messenger to Ian and Geoffrey.” Gareth ordered. “Yes my lord. With all respect my lord, I should also take a scouting party to the bog.” “Excellent suggestion Philip! Take twenty-five men at first light.” When Philip turned to leave, Melanie came into the study.
“Hello my friends! Gareth, we are going to have another child!” Melanie exclaimed, as she walked to Gareth and put her arms around him. “Outstanding!” Gareth hollered. “Unbelievable!” Devon added. “What do you mean?” Melanie asked. “Loanna is with child again also!” Devon said, with a smile. Gareth looked at Loanna. “Are you sure there is not a pumpkin in there!?” He asked, with a howl. The four of them laughed like children. Katryn asked what was so funny. After Gareth explained, she laughed along with them.
“On a more serious note Gareth, I think I should go with Philip to the bog.” Devon offered. “No!” Loanna exclaimed, almost before Devon could finish. “She is right Devon. There may be danger.” Gareth agreed. “Loanna, Gareth, I do not make the suggestion lightly. Igus could use me as a pair of eyes.” Devon said. “It actually makes sense.” Katryn said. Gareth had not thought of that aspect, “Yes, I suppose it does.” “Devon, please reconsider!” Loanna now pleaded. “Loanna my love, I will be fine. Igus has done so much for this land, surely we owe him something.” Loanna knew he was right, and relented, “All right, but be careful!”
Devon had never been anywhere near the Haunted Bog. It was rumored, that anyone who entered would never be seen again. They reached the bog late in the afternoon, on the second day.
“Look at the fog that surrounds it!” Philip exclaimed. “It does look forbidding.” Devon allowed. Philip had his men dismount and dig a pit for a fire.
“Sir Wayne, I want the fire to burn through the night. Also, have four men stand guard and switch them every three hours.” “Yes sir!” Wayne said, and set about his tasks. “We will wait until morning before going in Devon.” “That makes sense to me.” Devon answered, knowing he did not want to go exploring at night.
As the evening passed, Devon found it hard to sleep. He could not shake the feeling that they were being watched. He kept hearing the voice. ‘Leave it be Priest,’ echo in his mind.
When the sun broke the night, Devon heard Philip order his men to eat hardy, “Devon, you will want to eat also, it will be a long day.” “Thank you Philip. How did you sleep?” “I would be lying if I said peacefully.” “I know the feeling.” Devon said, forcing a smile, “What is the plan?” Devon now asked. “We are here for one reason my friend,reconnaissance. My men will enter at three different spots, fifty yards apart. If any trouble is spotted, we will converge, evaluate the threat and leave post haste.” “I understand.” They all ate, then broke camp. As they entered the bog, Devon smelled something very familiar.
Philip had each knight carry a torch, even in daylight, the fog was thick. They had traveled about seven miles when the horses became agitated. Devon, who was not a horseman, was having a hard time controlling his mount.
“Hold the reins tighter Devon!” Philip hollered, over the sudden pandemonium. One of the knights rode over and grabbed the bridle of Devon’s horse. “I have it now, thanks!” Devon lied, embarrassed by his ineptitude.
The fog seemed to get thicker, and now began to close around them. The horses, sensing something unseen, panicked! Devon heard a low growl, “I told you to leave it be Priest!” Devon’s horse reared back and he was thrown off! He thought he saw something running toward him, just as everything went black!
“What do you mean you saw no one Philip!?” Gareth yelled. “My lord, it is as I have said! Everything was going fine. Then suddenly the fog closed in on my group. The last time I saw Devon, he was being thrown from his horse. Then one by one we were pulled off our mounts. I was being punched and kicked, but could not see anyone. Finally, I called the men to my side, trying to regroup. As soon as we did so the attack stopped!” Philip explained. “Two dead knights, Devon missing, probably dead...” Gareth did not get to finish.
“Probably dead! What are you saying Gareth!?” Loanna screamed, as she walked into the study. The hair on Gareth’s neck stood on end. As he turned to face her, he could see the agony in her eyes. “Gareth answer me!” Loanna demanded. Katryn and Lisa went to try and calm her. “Loanna, I am sorry, Devon was thrown by his horse. Philip has assured me he searched for him after things calmed down.” Gareth said, the pain in his voice evident. “Oh my god! I knew he should not have gone!” Loanna sobbed, slumping into Katryn’s arms. “You must stay with us.” Katryn said, crying softly.
In the week that followed, Loanna was inconsolable. She cried constantly. Finally it was Melanie who managed to calm her.
“Loanna, do you remember when you discovered you were with child, with Brittany?” Melanie asked, sitting next to Loanna on the bed. “Yes, next to marrying Devon, it was the happiest day of my life.” Loanna sobbed. “And how did you feel when you found you were with child again?” Loanna looked at Melanie. “Melanie, I miss him. I cannot go on without him.” The despair in Loanna’s voice, cut into Melanie’s very fiber, “Loanna, Devon needs you to protect Brittany and your unborn child.” Loanna now sat up and put her arms around Melanie, “Yes, Devon would want that.” Melanie hugged her dear friend, “I will miss him too. He gave more than anyone could have expected."
Gareth decided he would go to the forest and seek out Igus. If any hope existed, surely he would know. As he came into the clearing, he could see Igus and Arianna sitting upon the Great Rock, facing each other. A soft light surrounded them. He stood at the base of the rock watching, not sure if he should interrupt. Slowly, Arianna opened her eyes.
“We know why you are here Gareth. No, we have not sensed Devon’s presence.” She said, sadly. “His body was never found. Are you saying he is dead?” Gareth asked. “It means what it means.” Arianna answered, abruptly, “Now please, do not think me unkind, but you must go. Do what you can. But do not disturb us again until the danger has past.” As Arianna finished, she again closed her eyes. Gareth turned and left the forest.
On the ride back to Cashell, Gareth turned the events of the past two weeks over and over in his mind. I should have led the men to the bog, he thought. But the enemy was invisible! What could I have done different? Philip had done exactly what I would have done. The attack stopped when the men regrouped. Perhaps that is the answer, he said to himself. “Sheer numbers!” He now exclaimed out loud. He gave Sojourn’s son, Tacit, a nudge to quicken the pace. As the manor came into view, he could see many men, horses and banners. When he got closer, he could see the crests signifying the manors of Joycen and Braxton. He could see Ian racing to meet him.
“Gareth, my old friend. Lady Katryn has told me of Corsea.” “Yes Ian, I am afraid we may be in great danger. However, it appears we have an army at our disposal!” “Your messages to Geoffrey and I were very vague. We brought over two hundred knights. If Lord Thomas saw this, he might think we were going to invade him!” Ian said, laughing. “Yes, perhaps we should send him a message to make him aware.” Devon suggested. “Of course you are right. I will have Douglas do so immediately.” “How is Douglas? I have not seen him two years.” Gareth asked as the two men dismounted. “He has become what you might call, portly!” Ian replied, pointing to a stout fellow walking toward them. Gareth almost did not recognize him. Though his brown eyes still held an ever-present innocence, he had changed considerably. His brown hair was receding and resembled a monk’s haircut. His normally lean face was now filled out. A chubby cherub, Gareth thought.
“Lord Gareth! It has been a long time!” Douglas said, extending his hand. “What has happened to you Douglas? You must have put on eighty pounds!” Gareth exclaimed, shaking his hand. “My wife is an excellent cook! The next time you come to Joycen, you must drop in.” “Married? What manner of a woman would have the likes of you?” Gareth said, slapping Douglas on the back. The three men walked though the courtyard. Gareth told a squire to ask Geoffrey and Philip to come to the study. Loanna and Katryn were already there.
“Did Igus have any news?” Loanna asked, anxiously as Gareth walked into the study. Gareth went to her and put his arms around her, “Igus and Arianna are in some sort of trance. Arianna was only able to speak briefly.” Gareth paused for a moment. Loanna knew what he would say, and softly cried. “Arianna said that they could not sense Devon’s presence. I am sorry Loanna.” “Thank you for going Gareth. I need to except it, to get on with life. But how can I tell...Brittany?” Loanna asked. Katryn went to her, “It will not be easy, but she is young and resilient. She will be all right.” Loanna managed a weak smile then turned and left. Gareth and Katryn remained silent, it was as if an unheard prayer were being said.
Geoffrey, Ian, Philip, Wayne and James walked into the study and could sense the somber mood. “Is there a wake going on?” Geoffrey asked. “Devon was with my men when they were attacked in the bog. He was missing, but now he is believed dead.” Gareth replied. “We are all saddened Gareth, but we have to be concerned for the living now.” Ian stated, as a matter of  fact. “Yes! We must decide what to do!” Katryn exclaimed. Gareth looked at his mother. He knew she was right. But what to do!?
“On my ride back to Cashell, I thought of Philip’s account of the attack in the bog.” Gareth began, “He said the attack stopped when his men regrouped. Philip, did all three groups come to your side?” “Yes my lord. James’ and Wayne’s men were there in less than two minutes.” “But your group was the only one attacked.” Gareth said, half to himself. “I think there must be something to that. Your group lost two knights and apparently Devon. Do you remember hearing anything?” Gareth asked, thinking back to what Devon had said. Philip looked at James and Wayne, then back to Gareth.
“As a matter of fact, we all did. But it made no sense.” Philip answered, wondering what Gareth was getting at. “What are you thinking Gareth?” Ian asked, just as confused as everyone else. Gareth held up his hand to quiet everyone, “What did you hear Philip?” “At first, I thought Devon was saying something to me, then realized someone was talking to him. It was like a growl. ‘I told you to leave it be, Priest.’ I could see fear come over Devon’s face, then he was thrown from his horse. That is when the attack began.” “Did you smell anything odd, Philip?” Gareth asked, noticing that everyone was now listening intently. “Why yes! It almost seems that you must have been there yourself! I would have to describe it as a stench.” Philip allowed. “More like a rotting carcass!” James now added. “Is this making sense to you Gareth?” Geoffrey asked. “Yes, it makes sense. But how to fight him?”
Gareth needed more information. He knew that Igus and Arianna were somehow keeping Corsea contained in the bog. That is where the battle would take place. But how to fight an unseen enemy. Suddenly the study door flew open. Melanie came in crying, “Gareth! Michael and Brittany are sick! Come quickly!”
Loanna was standing at the foot of the bed, where the two children slept. As Gareth came in his eyes grew wide. A green fog seemed to cover them both!
“What magic is this!?” Gareth yelled. “They will not awaken!” Loanna cried out. “He attacks helpless children!” Gareth exclaimed, realizing immediately that this was Corsea’s doing. “Get them ready to travel! We must go to Igus!” Gareth ordered, as he headed back to the study.
“Ian, Geoffrey. Will you have your forces prepare to mass at the Haunted Bog!?” Gareth asked as he walked into the study. “Gareth, you know we stand behind you! But we need a plan.” Ian replied, trying to calm him. “There will be a plan old friend, but we need to have our forces at the bog and ready to attack. It is a two day ride from here, two days we might not have if we wait!” “Yes, I agree with Gareth also.” Geoffrey now offered. “Yes, I can also see it as a wise move.” Ian relented. “Thank you both. I must go to the forest with the children. Sir Philip! Assemble the knights and archers.” “Yes my lord!” As Philip left, Ian looked at Gareth oddly and asked, “Why go to the forest?” Gareth now realized he would bring them along. They should be made to understand, else they think him a raving madman.
The combined forces of the three manors was a grand sight. Almost four hundred strong. As they crossed the Serenity near the Parish, the main mass broke off and headed toward the bog. Gareth, the children, Loanna, Melanie, Ian and Geoffrey headed to the forest.
As they made their way through the underbrush, they all noticed an odd smell and concluded that must be what Devon and Philip had talked about. Gareth warned  Ian and Geoffrey to be calm. The old warriors laughed when Gareth suggested something might scare them. When they came into the clearing, Ian and Geoffrey suddenly stopped. “I told you!” Gareth chided.
“Igus, our children are sick!” Loanna exclaimed, from the base of the rock. Silence. Ian and Geoffrey moved closer. “Please Arianna! Corsea is affecting Brittany and Michael!” Melanie pleaded. It seemed to take great effort, but Igus managed to open his eyes.
“We know.” He said, barely audible, “You must get them to the Blue Isle. Corsea cannot harm them there.” ‘The Blue Isle! How?’ Ian asked in his mind, knowing the Blue Isle was a month’s distance. Igus’ eyes slowly closed. It was Arianna who spoke next.
“Loanna, climb up here and take the pink crystal from my pouch. Go to the Cave of Lights. The vine gate will already be open. I have instilled enough energy in the crystal so only the mothers and children will be able to go into the water. Once in, the crystal will take you to my home. My twin sister, Alanna, will meet you there.” After Arianna finished, Loanna retrieved the crystal and they went to the Cave of Lights.
The gate was indeed open. Loanna took the lead, she had been here many times before. She thought of Devon, but knew she must protect the children.
“The cave floor is damp, watch your step.” Loanna warned. Ian finally spoke for the first time, “It seems so bright, for a cave.” “Yes! But look, it is getting even brighter up ahead!” Geoffrey said, having just found his own tongue. Gareth felt a little relaxed. The children and their mothers would be safe. They would not be touched by the upcoming battle.
As they came to the water’s edge, Gareth could see Melanie’s concern, “Not to worry my love, I have done this before.” “I know I must have been here before, but I cannot remember.” Melanie replied, knowing that Igus had taken her back to Landon those years ago.  “As he says Melanie, there is nothing to fear. When we get in, just hold on to me.” Loanna said. Then a thought crossed Melanie’s mind, “But the children do not know how to hold their breath.” “They will not need to.” Gareth assured, remembering how silly he felt, at taking such a great breath.
Melanie kissed Gareth, then Gareth hugged Loanna, sensing how alone she must feel. They watched as the foursome got into the water and disappeared. “Unbelievable!” Ian shouted. “Come, it is time to plan a battle.” Gareth said, a determined look came over his face.
Melanie was amazed by the colors that surrounded them. As Gareth had said, the journey was almost instantaneous. When they came out of the water, Loanna and Melanie could see that the children were already better.
“Thank God!” Melanie said, looking at Michael and Brittany. “I wonder where Arianna’s sister is?” Loanna said. “Let us go outside.” Melanie suggested, pointing to the cave entrance. As they exited the cave, a wonderful aroma permeated their senses. “That smells good mommy!” Brittany said. “It tastes good too!” Loanna and Melanie both turned toward the voice. Both were taken aback by the beautiful, young woman standing before them. Both women were thinking, ‘twins’?
“Are you Alanna?” Loanna asked. “Yes, Arianna told me to meet you. To protect you.” “I am Loanna, this is my daughter, Brittany. My friend is Melanie and her son is Michael.” “You should eat now, we will have plenty of time to talk.” Alanna said, pointing to plates that had already been set. Both women thanked her and sat to eat.
“This is very good! What is it Alanna?” Melanie asked. “It is rabbit bisque. Igus said he had never tasted anything like it before.” Alanna said, proudly. As they ate, Loanna studied Alanna. She had Arianna’s pale green eyes and black hair. But that is where the similarities ended. Her features were softer, more...feminine.
“I have watched you study me Loanna. Is there something wrong?” Alanna asked, somewhat amused. “No, I guess I just pictured you somehow, different.” “You sound just like Igus! When he found out that I was Arianna’s twin, I could feel his eyes trying to find a resemblance.” Alanna said, laughing. “Ouch! Just like Igus! That hurts!” Loanna laughed, for the first time in recent memory.
Loanna, Melanie and the children were safe. Gareth could concentrate on the problem at hand. He could see Igus and Arianna as he entered the clearing. They looked so vulnerable.
“I should send some men to protect the two of you.” Gareth said, from the base of the rock. “We are in no danger Gareth, unless Corsea cannot be contained.” Arianna said, almost whispering. Gareth wished he knew more of Corsea. He was obviously a powerful entity, but everything has a weakness.
“Can you at least tell me how to fight him?” Gareth pleaded. “Igus said he had never found a weakness, he was only able to trick him in their last battle. That will not work again. Go now Gareth, and good luck. We fear, that if he is not stopped here, no one will be safe.” When she finished, Gareth noticed her subtle look in the direction of the sun. “We still have no clue.” Ian said, sadly. “Come Gareth, we must try to understand this enemy.” Geoffrey added.
As they made their way back through the forest, they noticed that the odor was growing stronger. “What is that!” Ian exclaimed, pulling his sword from it’s sheathe. He moved some dead leaves to reveal a bone dry earth, “Look at this Gareth! If I did not know better, I would swear it has not rained in months.” “Very odd indeed!” Geoffrey offered. Ian began digging with his sword. They all noted how much stronger the odor got, the deeper he dug. Suddenly, a bolt of lighting shot up the length of the sword, knocking Ian unconscious! Then a voice, that sounded like a wounded animal, rang out.
“Go home to die! There is nothing you can do!” Gareth ran to Ian, “Why not show yourself, coward!” He shouted into the air, as he bent to check on Ian. Silence. Geoffrey, who had drawn his sword, now screamed into the air, “Yes! Show yourself, so I can make quick work of you!” More silence. “How is Ian!?” Geoffrey asked, visibly shocked by the finality of the message. “He is coming around all ready.” Gareth answered as he helped Ian to his feet. Geoffrey then saw Gareth’s eyes go blank, “Gareth! What is wrong!?”
Gareth stood silent for a moment and Geoffrey went to his side, “Gareth?” Gareth’s eyelids fluttered, “I am all right Geoffrey, Igus was communicating with me.” “This gets stranger and stranger!” Ian now said, rubbing his tingling arm. “Igus said, that for a brief second, he felt Corsea weaken.” Gareth relayed. “Weaken Gareth?” “Yes Ian, he said this was the second time.” “Would the first time be when your men were attacked in the bog?” Geoffrey asked, now thinking there might yet be a solution. “Yes, but we must remember, Corsea is still entombed. Once he is free, I fear that the true battle will begin.” Gareth warned.
He had not seen anything for what seemed an eternity. Total darkness surrounded him. He thought he must be blind. Occasionally, he would hear something shuffling near him. ‘A rat perhaps?’, he would think. No, rats do not bring food and water! He thought it strange that someone would take such good care of him, only to keep him locked away. He was not even sure of how long he had been there. It was impossible to keep track of the time. He closed his eyes and tried to sleep. But was only able to take short naps. Then he heard the noise that signified his captor was bringing food and water.
“Will you please talk to me! At least tell me why you brought me here!” He pleaded. Finally, a voice broke the silence, “You are safe and well fed, is that not enough Devon?” A girl! Devon thought, “I appreciate that, but I am not an animal. You must let me go home.” He said, trying to stay calm. He was happy just to hear a voice. “You think of your wife and children, it saddens me to keep you here.” “Children! Have I been here so long that Loanna has had the baby?” “No, the boy has not come yet, but I could sense your concern for the unborn one. They are safe.” ‘A boy!’ Devon thought proudly then asked, “What is your name?” The silence that followed, was deafening.
“Please, do not stop talking!” Devon pleaded. “I am Jessica.” She finally said. “A very pretty name. Jessica, how long are you going to keep me here? And unless I am blind, why not allow me some light?” “You are not blind. If I light this cave, will that keep you happy?” Devon would not be happy until he was home, but light would make it bearable, “Yes Jessica, that would help.” With that, Devon could see a glow coming into the darkness. As the light got brighter, Devon’s eyes started to adjust. He could now see his captor!
After they left the forest, Gareth, Philip, Ian and Geoffrey headed to the bog. The events of the skirmish in the bog kept turning around in Gareth’s head.
“Corsea did not actually kill anyone. Both the knights were killed, when they were thrown from their horses.” Gareth thought, out loud. “And apparently Devon, but die they did.” Geoffrey countered. “Philip, you say you and your men were kicked and punched. Was anyone hurt badly?” Gareth now asked. “No my lord, but now that you mention it, no broken bones, no blood. Is that important?” Philip asked. Gareth went silent again. Igus and Arianna were keeping Corsea at bay. Gareth did not know how long they could keep it up. He knew he had to find a solution and again turned his attention to Philip.
“Did you have any sense of the strength behind the blows?” Gareth now asked. “I remember thinking, if I could have seen anyone that is, that I would have easily crushed the enemy.” Philip recounted, wondering what Gareth was looking for. “Then you regrouped and the attack stopped.” Gareth said, to no one in particular. “Yes my lord. The area was totally lit up by the fire from all our torches.” Philip replied. A light seemed to come to Gareth’s eyes. He remembered Arianna looking at the sun and a smile crossed his mouth. They all looked at him, wondering what plan had just been hatched. “It is time to visit the bog.” Gareth said, as he nudged Tacit on.
Loanna looked out over the lake and thought of Devon. She could not bring herself to tell Brittany. “I just cannot believe he is gone.” She thought out loud.
“Perhaps he is not.” Alanna said, walking up behind her. “What are you saying!?” Loanna asked, allowing hope to slip into her voice. “No body was found. That has never made sense to me.” Alanna allowed. “But it has been weeks since the attack. Surely he would have found his way home by now.” Loanna asserted. “Many of the Children of Nature exist in all parts of the world. One of them may be protecting him.” “From what?” “It has occurred to me that Corsea has been trying to get to Igus through his friends. That is why you, Melanie and the children are here. We Children of Nature, save a few, are here to protect.” Alanna answered. “But if Devon is alive, why can Igus not sense him?” Loanna asked. “You have actually answered your question. If he is being protected, Corsea, nor any other child would be able to sense him.” Loanna put her arms around Alanna. “Then there is hope!” Loanna exclaimed.
As they approached the bog, they could see that tents had been raised and the knights training. “That is a good group of men.” Ian said, a bit of pride showing on his face. “Putting Sir Douglas in charge was a wise decision.” Gareth noted. “We can all be proud. We have the finest fighters in the land.” Geoffrey added. Yes, they were a fine group of men. They would be made to understand that they must not fear the unknown.
“My lords, I trust everything went well in the forest.” Douglas said. “The women and children are safe. Thank you for asking.” Gareth said. “Excellent job Douglas. I am glad to see you did not let your guard down.” Ian said, shaking his hand, then added. “Would you assemble the troops in front of the command tent.”
Gareth talked from atop Tacit. “I know you have all heard rumors of a rampaging monster. Nothing could be further from the truth. It would be easier to fight that kind of enemy. Our swords could finish that kind of enemy.” Gareth paused to allow that to sink in. He wanted the men to understand they were not going against a fire breathing dragon.
“Our foe does have a name. It is Corsea! Corsea has weapons at his disposal we may not understand. The main one, is fear! Two of my knights and a dear friend were lost during the first confrontation. They never even drew their swords. Their horses bolted, afraid of what they sensed. We will not allow that mistake. We will enter the bog on foot. Sir Philip will brief you on what to expect. But know this. We must find Corsea and engage. We must keep him off balance. Make him expend his energy. Weaken him. Sir Philip, tell them of the first encounter.” Gareth commanded, then dismounted.
Igus and Arianna were facing each other, as they had for almost a week. Arianna could feel Igus weakening. She knew that Corsea was gaining the upper hand. Her own power was not at risk. That is the only reason Igus allowed her to help. Had she been in any danger, he would not have allowed her intervention.
“Igus, how much longer can you keep the seal intact?” Arianna asked, sensing Igus’ waning strength. “I am not sure. I now wish I had told Gareth exactly what he must do.” “That was not an option, my love. Interference of that kind is forbidden.” “Rules! Unbelievable! Lives are at stake, and we have rules!” Igus joked, at the irony of it all. Suddenly, they heard Corsea.
“What is the matter, not having any fun? I understand that a good friend of yours is deceased!” Corsea taunted, “Why do you side with Igus, Arianna? I am much more adept with the ladies,” He sneered. “You may frighten little children, Corsea, but you are less than a gnat compared to Igus! I laugh at your very existence animal!” Arianna exclaimed. Corsea surged at the seal, angered by Arianna’s words. For the first time, she could see who they were fighting. “Yes! Look at me, Arianna!” Corsea seethed. Igus fought back, the seal would hold, for now. “Igus!” “Yes Arianna, I know!”
Devon could only stare in disbelief. Her golden hair reached the small of her back. Her sky blue eyes shimmered in the light of the crystal, that now illuminated the small cave. “You are... Jessica?” Devon asked. “Yes. When you fell, I took advantage of the confusion and brought you here.” Devon was not thankful. Why bring him anywhere? “Why save me, just to imprison me!?” He now demanded. She looked at Devon and knew that he deserved the truth.
“You must know what I am.” Jessica now asked. “Yes, I have surmised that you are a child of nature! But is this your idea of a joke!?” Devon shot back. “Calm down! Igus has always known you were hot headed!” “Igus! What do you know of Igus!?” Devon exclaimed, trying to calm down. Jessica smiled at him. She could see why Loanna loved him.
“Corsea has been using you to attack Igus. Hiding, if you will, behind everyone Igus loves.” “That still does not explain my imprisonment.” “A battle rages as we speak. Igus and Arianna are trying to contain Corsea. Corsea also attacked Brittany and Michael.” “Brittany and Michael!? You must let me leave!” Devon demanded. “They are safe! Arianna sent them to the Blue Isle with Loanna and Melanie!” Something new now occurred to Devon, “My god, they all must think I am dead!” “Exactly! But when the time is right, you will be resurrected.” Jessica assured.
Corsea had allowed anger to cloud his judgement. He expended too much energy because of Arianna’s slight. It would not happen again, he thought, over seven decades, for what!? They never understood, he thought. Why protect the weakling humans. They should be proud to serve the Children of Nature, not the other way around. But I will break free one day soon, he thought. And then they would bow. And Igus would pay, oh yes, my brother will pay dearly.
Gareth instructed each man to carry two torches. One lighted, one in reserve. He had listened intently to what Philip and the other knights recounted. He thought of Arianna’s subtle gesture. And now, with over three hundred and fifty men, he felt he could battle Corsea successfully. Philip led the way, retracing his steps to the spot of the first encounter. With so many men, the journey took too long. Gareth had now wished they had waited until dawn, as Geoffrey had suggested.
“Are you sure this is it Philip?” “Yes my lord. The fog closed in, and the attack was on.” Gareth looked about, hoping to find some trace of Devon. “Something is missing my lord. There is no odor.” Philip offered. Gareth now realized it also, “We must press on. We cannot turn back until we have succeeded!” “Night will be upon us in a few hours.” Ian noted. “Yes, an oversight on my part. What do you think of making camp?” Gareth asked, knowing the night could hide many dangers. “The same as you my friend. I would much rather forge ahead and find Corsea. But it is a best to camp now and start fresh in the morning.” “I will have the men build fries, and set the guards.” Geoffrey now offered.
Gareth did not like the wait. He wanted it done with. He wanted to hold Melanie and Michael. As he tried to sleep, he felt a presence. He sat up and looked around, but saw nothing irregular. The whole area was well lighted, as ten campfires burned brightly. He got up and walked to one of the guards, “Have you saw or smelled anything odd?” “No my lord. All is quiet.”
As he walked about the camp, Gareth could not shake the feeling that he was being watched and decided to look beyond the perimeter. With a torch in his hand, he walked into the darkness. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw someone run behind a tree. He drew his sword and cautiously approached.
“Who is there!?” He demanded. As she stepped from behind the tree, Gareth’s mouth dropped, “Loanna! How did you get here!?” “I have been told there is quite a resemblance, but my name is Jessica. I needed to talk to you Gareth.” “How do you know my name?” “We have a mutual friend. Please put the torch out and follow me.”
Gareth put his sword away and followed her without question. He somehow knew he was safe. They walked about a mile without speaking when Gareth realized they were going down an incline.
“Where are you taking me Jessica?” Gareth asked, as they came to a solid wall. “You need to trust me.” She said, taking his hand. “Either my eyes are playing tricks on me, or we just walked through a wall! I have a feeling you know Igus!” Gareth exclaimed, thinking nothing could amaze him anymore. “Yes, we are good friends.” She said, giggling. They walked through a maze of walls and finally into a dimly lighted room.
“Jessica? Who is that with you?” Gareth recognized the voice immediately.  “Devon!?” “Gareth! Thank you Jessica!” Devon said, jumping to his feet. Gareth went to his friend and wrapped his arms around him.
“Thank God! Loanna will be so happy!” Gareth shouted. “The time is now Gareth.” Jessica said, interrupting the reunion. “What do you mean Jessica?” Gareth asked. “It was necessary for everyone to think Devon was dead, even Igus. Corsea was trying to disrupt Igus’ concentration by attacking his loved ones. As you know, he even stooped to attacking children.” “Keeping me here until your troops were assembled was necessary.” Devon added. “But why here? Why not on the Blue Isle?” Gareth asked. “That was not an option, he needed to be in the bog. Then, when the time was right, bring him into the open.” Jessica replied “I would be the bait!” Devon said, wriggling like a worm on a hook. They all had a good laugh. “Would you mind spending a few more hours here while I meet with Ian and Geoffrey?” “Not at all. She is actually a very pleasant jailer.” Devon said, smiling.
The plan was simple. At first light, bring Devon into the open and wait. They would learn as much as they could if an attack came. Although Gareth still did not know how to destroy Corsea, he was fairly sure he knew how to protect his men. As Devon was brought into the open air, he breathed deeply.
“Fresh air!” He said, smiling. But the fresh air quickly turned sour. “Corsea is already here!” Devon shouted. The knights had been instructed to form a tight circle around Devon and do nothing until the attack reached him. Jessica stood beside Devon with her eyes closed. As the stench grew stronger, a light glow began to surround Devon. A voice suddenly cut through the darkness.
“So Priest, you live! And Jessica, you would battle me also!” Corsea growled. “I fight no one. I only seek to protect my friend!” Jessica barely finished, when Gareth shouted, “Now!”
Every knight struck a flint to light their torches. As the air lit up with over three hundred torches, Corsea’s image could be seen for the first time. Devon looked at the floating figure, as if he had seen a ghost. Pain covered Corsea’s face.
“Clever! Very clever!” Corsea shrieked in pain, “I will give this battle to you! But you will bow to me, once I am totally free!” As quickly as it had begun, it was over. The stench and Corsea’s image faded. A great cheer went up from the knights.
“It seems you have made him mad!” Ian shouted, slapping Gareth on the back. “How did you know it would work!?” Geoffrey now asked. “Philip’s details of his encounter! He had no time to do anything except regroup. The attack stopped when his men, all with torches, gathered together!” As Gareth finished, he could see that Devon was still shaking.
“It is over Devon! You can relax my friend!” Gareth shouted. “Did you see his face Gareth!?” Devon asked. “Not really, he was facing you. Why?” “It was Igus!” “No!” Jessica insisted. “Corsea is Igus’ brother.” Jessica asserted, as she opened her eyes. Devon turned to her, a thought now crossed his mind, “Are you Loanna’s sister?” “No. It has been said that everyone has a double. I would like to meet her though, she must be very beautiful.” She answered coyly. Devon laughed along with the other men. “Yes, she is!” Devon assured her.
“What now Gareth?” Geoffrey asked. “We leave the bulk of our forces at the main camp. We now know that Corsea can be defended against, so the men will be safe.” “But Gareth, what if Corsea breaks the seal? How do we defeat him then?” Ian asked. Gareth looked to Devon, “What do you think?” “I am not sure, perhaps Igus will be less unyielding now that the first battle is over.”
Brittany and Michael sat making mud pies. Melanie watched them and thought of her own childhood. She had known that Gareth would be with her forever, even then.
“Where are you, you look a hundred miles away?” Loanna asked, sitting next to her. “Oh, I was just thinking of Gareth.” Melanie answered, wistfully. Loanna hung her head. “I am sorry Loanna. I was not thinking.” “Do not worry Melanie...” Loanna’s eyes suddenly went blank! “What is it Loanna.” Melanie asked, as Loanna seemed to come back to normal.
“Devon! He is alive Melanie!” Loanna exclaimed, hugging her friend. ”Thank God! Did Igus tell you?” “No, it was someone named Jessica. I do not know her, but she said Devon was safe.”
“Yes, they are all safe for now.” Arianna added, walking up to them, Jessica just told me of the battle. I was on my way here to let you know that Gareth and Devon were fine.” “Is Corsea dead?” Melanie asked. “No. That battle may cost many lives I fear.” Alanna warned. Loanna stood up and walked to the children. “Are you saying Corsea can be destroyed Alanna?” Loanna asked, washing the children’s mud caked hands. “I am not allowed to talk of such things.” “I do not understand. In one breath you say many may die. Then you say you cannot help?” Melanie now asked. “We can protect to the extent of our powers. It is a thin line. Our powers come from different sources, therefore we all have different weaknesses.” “Does any one person know of each of your weaknesses?” Loanna now asked. “If there were an answer to that, I would not be able tell you.” Alanna explained.
Devon could see that Igus seemed a little more relaxed. He could also see Arianna was making some food. “Igus, I am glad to see your feeling well enough to eat.” Devon said, as he and Gareth entered the clearing. “Well done you two! The battle weakened Corsea considerably. It will take him weeks to regain his strength.” Igus said, putting his arms around the two men. “Actually, the credit must go to Jessica.” Gareth conceded. “Yes. Even though Gareth figured out what was needed, Jessica kept the bait well hidden.” Devon said, now walking to Arianna. “Will I be able to see Loanna anytime soon?” He asked her.
“All you need do, is turn around silly!” Devon turned to see Loanna standing at the base of the Great Rock. He ran to her and took her in his arms. “Oh my love! When I thought you had died, I...” “I know Loanna! I have missed you also!” “Can anybody join in this reunion?” They all turned to look at Jessica. Loanna thought she was looking in a mirror!
“Jessica! Clever ruse!” Igus exclaimed, then added. “It is good to see you again.” “Thank you Igus, it has been too long.” She said as she walked to Loanna. “You are a very beautiful woman.” Jessica said, studying Loanna. “Thank you, but do I know you?” Loanna asked. “I have not been in this place in a long time.” Jessica allowed. Nobody saw Igus raise his brows.
Devon and Loanna walked to the Parish. Loanna wanted to get some extra clothing before returning to the Blue Isle.
“What did you think when you first met Jessica?” Loanna asked. “You must remember, I had been a prisoner, at least in my mind. I think what you really want to know, is if I found her attractive.” Devon answered slyly. “Well, did you?” Devon could see that the answer could be taken wrong no matter what was said, “Let us say I was not fooled for a moment.” “Good answer my love.” Loanna said, putting her arms around him. “I miss Brittany, Loanna. I wish I could go with you when you return to the Blue Isle.” “What are you saying Devon!? I thought you were coming also!” Loanna shouted. Devon knew she would be upset, that is why he wanted to be alone with her when he told her.
“Gareth and I need to stay. Corsea is obsessed with us. If he expends energy concerning himself with us, then perhaps Igus will have the time to reinforce the seal.” Devon said, putting his arms around her. Loanna had enough of Corsea. “I do not care! You belong safe with me and Brittany! You have done more than your part!” She exclaimed, pulling free of Devon’s arms. “Loanna, you know you do not mean that...” Loanna cut him off. “Yes I do Devon! I love you too much to allow this. I have already lost you once, I will not go through that again!” She demanded. “All right my love. I will go back with you.” Devon lied, taking her back into his arms. Loanna knew it was a lie.
Gareth sat in the study at Cashell. His mind could not focus on anything but Melanie and Michael. Though he knew they were safe, he missed them sorely. Corsea! When I find you, I will destroy you! He thought.
“You look lost.” Katryn said, as she and Lisa entered the study. “Without my wife and child, I am lost mother.” “It will not be forever Gareth.” Lisa offered. “She is right my son. A battle always means hardship.” Katryn added, suddenly missing her husband. Gareth looked at his mother and put his arms around her. He could see the pain in her eyes.
“At least there is some good news, Devon is alive!” Gareth exclaimed. “Thank God!” Lisa said. “Oh that is good news! Does Loanna know?” Katryn asked. “Yes, they are at the Parish as we speak.” There was a knock at the door and Ian walked in.
“Ian, welcome my friend. Sit down and have some wine.” “Thank you Gareth. Good day Ladies.” Both women said hello, then Lisa left the room, she knew they would begin planning an assault. She also felt lonely.
“Have you given any thought as to our next move?” Ian asked Gareth. “Next to Melanie and Michael, it is the only thing I have thought about. But we still do not know where to find Corsea. Igus, Arianna and Jessica all refuse to answer my questions. It is all very frustrating.” “It does seem strange, but apparently the Children of Nature cannot help directly.” Katryn noted. “We know Corsea’s weakness...” “No!” Gareth exclaimed, cutting Ian off, “We know nothing! I am sorry old friend. I did not mean to shout.” “Not to worry Gareth, we are all on edge.” Ian allowed. “His weakness in the phantom state is different than his weakness in the physical state.” Gareth said. “But Corsea knows we have figured that out, would he be foolish enough to try another attack?” Katryn pondered. “No my lady, I believe he will bide his time and regain his strength.” Ian stated. “Ian is correct mother, that is why it is so important to find him before he breaks the seal.” A thought suddenly came to Gareth, “Come Ian, we will join the troops at the bog. But first, I want to see Jessica.”
Gareth and Ian could see Devon and Loanna walking toward the forest. As they rode up to them, they dismounted.
“Good day you two.” Gareth said, almost feeling envy for Devon, thinking of Melanie. “Hello Gareth, Ian. Are you going to see Igus?” Devon asked. “Actually, I want to talk to Jessica.” “She is probably at the bog Gareth.” Loanna offered. “Yes, I figured that also. I am going to ask Igus to contact her so she’ll be waiting for me. I do not want to waste time looking for her.” “Why do you seek out Jessica, Gareth?” Devon asked. “I want to pick her brain, if you will. She seems a little more receptive than Igus or Arianna.”
As they walked through the forest, they all could smell a dank odor. “It begins again!” Devon exclaimed. “It seems that we do not have as much time as Igus thought!” Ian said. Gareth agreed with Ian. Igus must help somehow, rules or no rules. Gareth needed answers. Arianna welcomed them and began.
“Igus went to the cave of lights. He said he must find...” “Arianna!” Igus cut her off, walking into the clearing. “You were going to tell them!?” He asked sternly. “What is it Igus!? Why is it that Arianna cannot tell us something that might help!?” Gareth demanded. Igus raised his brows. “You would question me!? You have no right!” Igus insisted. “They need help Igus, and I do not want you to die!” Arianna now said, putting her arms around Igus. Igus calmed and looked at his friends. His gaze softened and he apologized.
“Do not think me ungrateful my friends. You have endured much, but what you ask for cannot be found here.” Igus said sadly. “Then tell us where to look. At least tell us where to find Corsea. Perhaps we can stop him before he escapes.” Devon said, noticing the look on Loanna’s face. “What do you mean, we Devon?” Loanna asked, knowing he would send her to the Blue Isle, alone. “Not now my love! Igus an answer must be given!” All eyes were on Igus. He had asked them to help, but he himself could not lift a finger. Igus thought back to his beginning, to the elders, to Artemus.
Artemus was considered the wisest of the wise. His gray hair covered his slightly pointed ears. His old, kind face was accented by light blue eyes under soft gray eyebrows. All the other elders were taught by him. He was truly ageless. He was the only being created by the four spirits.
All other Children of Nature were conceived and born much the same as human children. The big difference was their development. Each child was given to the elders at birth, who then nurtured them. By time they were but one human year, they had already begun to learn the lessons of nature. The spirits of nature, earth, wind, water and fire each taught the fledglings lessons. As they developed, the children would master just one of the four elements, then use it as their source of power. The only time there seemed to be a problem was when the children were identical twins.
Corsea was the oldest, by two hours. He grabbed the most nourishment and grew at an astounding rate. A normal child would master their lessons at seven years. Corsea was totally developed at five! Because of the lack of nourishment in the beginning, Igus did not develop until nine. The master of lessons, Artemus, chose to take Igus under his wing. That was the beginning of Corsea’s jealousy.
There was no place for jealousy in nature. Harmony was the only way nature could exist. Earth complimented water. Wind complemented fire. Wind spread the seeds over the earth. The heat of fire would cause water to evaporate, then wind would spread the rain. Earth would nurture the seeds. And so it went.
“Corsea! Why do you not help your brother?” Artemus would ask. “It seems he has all the help he needs! You coddle him too much. Let him learn as I learned!” Corsea sneered. “Your heart seems to distance itself from your brother. You will find that you will need someone one day.” Artemus chided. “I have completed my lessons. I actually find that I need no one!” With that, Corsea walked away.
“Why does he hate me so?” Igus asked. “It is hard to understand. The Children of Nature are normally very caring. It is not the first time, however. But it is not your worry Igus, you must concentrate on your lessons.” Artemus finished.
Because they were twins, Igus and Corsea were linked mentally and did not need crystals to communicate. Corsea used this link to disrupt Igus’ lessons on many occasions. Artemus and the other elders were well aware of Corsea’s interference, but allowed it. They understood that Igus would have to figure out a way to shield himself, or never develop. It was in Igus’ eighth year, while learning levitation, that he had a break through. He was about ten feet off the ground and suddenly Corsea was in his mind.
“Igus! You are an idiot!” Igus immediately lost his concentration and fell to the ground! Corsea walked from behind a tree laughing like a hyena.
“So my brother, does it hurt much!?” Igus glared at Corsea and did something totally unexpected. He rushed him! Before Corsea had time to react, Igus was on him, pounding him with his fists! Corsea was no match. He had spent all his time in mental endeavors. Igus on the other hand had to struggle and had learned to physically accomplish his chores.
“Get off me!” Corsea hollered, now in pain and afraid of his brother. “No! You have had your fun at my expense for the last time!” Corsea could not concentrate enough to counter Igus’ attack. The anger Igus had pent up inside was released and he would not be denied!
Artemus watched with intrigue, and allowed Igus to vent his anger. This day was long in the coming, he thought to himself. He also wanted to see what Igus would do after the fight.
Igus looked at his unconscious brother and felt ashamed. He could feel tears coming to his eyes. Igus took a blue crystal from his pouch and closed his eyes. A blue glow began to envelop Corsea. Igus was now helping Corsea regain his strength! As Corsea began to come around, Artemus walked up to them.
“Very admirable! Corsea, I believe you owe Igus your thanks!” “Thanks! He tried to kill me!” Corsea shouted. “You have learned nothing then! It was you who evoked Igus’ anger! How long did you think he would allow your cruelty!?” Artemus demanded. “I am sorry my brother, I have no excuse for the attack.” Igus now said, offering his hand to Corsea. Corsea ignored Igus’ gesture and glared at Artemus, “Is this what you teach Artemus!? Common brawling!?” “You have rode Igus for over eight years! The elders have allowed it because Igus needed to grow stronger, to find his own way! You have always been strong, but still do not know of the balance that Igus has displayed on this day!” Artemus insisted. “What are you saying? Do you want me to go and physically attack someone!?” Igus listened to the argument, also confused. “No Corsea! I want you to mull over what has taken place here. Think of what Igus could have done, then think of what he did! That is the lesson that you need to learn!” Artemus finish, then closed his eyes and began to fade.
“I hate you Igus! You are the cause of all this!” Corsea shouted as Artemus totally disappeared. Igus looked at his brother and wondered how he could reach him, “I know of anger but do not understand, hate. You say I am the cause, cause of what?” “Are you that stupid? I learned my lessons faster than anybody, but still the elders look down on me!” “You are the cause of everything in your life. The anger you feel is unfounded. I do not profess to know everything, but I do know that we all make our own choices.” Igus said sternly. “So your choice today was to near kill me!?” “That may well be, but I did not.” Igus said calmly, now realizing what Artemus meant, “I am sorry for that and have apologized. It is your choice now to reject or accept that apology.” Igus finished. “No Igus! I will not accept anything from you! And from this day forward, I no longer accept you as my brother!” Corsea shouted, as he turned and walked away. Igus felt a sudden emptiness in his heart.
“Igus, we need an answer! What is Corsea’s weakness!” Devon shouted. Igus snapped back to the present, “You still do not understand! We have laws to obey, we cannot divulge any information that would allow knowledge of how to destroy any of us!” Igus exclaimed, his patience growing short. “So, your laws allow the murder of innocent men, women and children. Is that what you are saying Igus?” Gareth asked calmly. Igus’ shoulders slumped and he looked to Arianna for help. She looked away, suddenly ashamed to be a child of nature. Igus closed his eyes and began to fade. He needed to return to the Isle of the Ages.
“Where did he go!?” Loanna shouted. “For the first time in his life, he is totally lost. Corsea has weakened him and he cannot think. I sense he has gone to the Isle of the Ages little one, to Artemus for guidance.” Arianna said sadly. “Igus told me of Artemus once. The wisest being alive!” Loanna said. “What is to be done? We have already noticed the dank odor returning to the forest.” Devon now said, then asked, “Corsea is gaining his strength back, is he not Arianna?” “Yes, but he will not make the same mistakes this time! He will not try to break the seal until he is sure of escape!”
“You have given up then Igus?” Artemus asked, as Igus materialized on the Isle of the Ages, “Cut and run, as the humans put it.” He finished. Igus was taken aback. He came for guidance, not a lecture, “What are you saying!? You know what is happening! Corsea is using his power to separate me from my life force!” “Then do the same to him!” Igus looked at Artemus, “Do the same to him!? For nine years I was taught to conserve life, no matter what the cost! I do not understand your casual attitude! Even during the battle we fought all those years ago, I never tried to kill Corsea!”  “The time has come to learn one final lesson.” Artemus said, as a blinding blue light emanated from his finger tips. Suddenly, Igus could not move. It was as if he had taken root! Then he felt a familiar surge as he was reconnected to his life force!
“How, how are you able to help me!? I can feel my strength returning!” Igus exclaimed. “Your previous battle with your brother was lost before it began, but luck was with you.” Artemus said, ignoring Igus’ question. “Yes, I was lucky. But that does not explain what has just happened!” “You have always known, that as twins, your life forces, and weaknesses were opposite. But you still will not use that knowledge to your advantage! You allow Corsea the edge! When will you learn that he does as he wishes because he knows your other weakness!” Artemus chided. “Other weakness? What do you mean Artemus?”
Artemus looked at Igus as an innocent child. Though taught the same lessons as the others, Igus was always naive. Artemus knew that Corsea was evil and would defeat Igus. But what to do!?  Artemus was also bound by the laws of nature. He could only hope that Igus would pick up on the subtle hints he would drop.
“You will stay here for three days...” “No!” Igus cut Artemus off. “Yes! I will not allow you to leave until you are mentally prepared!” Artemus demanded. “But Corsea will surely sense my absence and break the seal!” “No, he will sense that you have connected to your life force. This will confuse him.” Artemus said calmly. Igus now accepted Artemus’ decision, “Thank you Artemus. I will go to the tree of lessons and meditate.”
“Igus has been connected to his life force again! Arianna said with excitement. “Though I am happy for him, that still does not help us.” Gareth said, then added, “Arianna, will you have Jessica meet us at our camp in the bog?” “Yes Gareth, I will contact her, she will be there.” Arianna said, closing her eyes. “Come, we must go to the bog Devon.” Gareth now said, trying to avoid Loanna’s eyes. Loanna put her arms around Devon in defeat. She knew he would go with Gareth all along. “Be careful my love. I will wait for word at the Blue Isle.” She kissed him and turned toward the cave of lights. Devon watched her walk away.
On the ride to the bog Devon kept mulling over the facts as he knew them, “Gareth, I have been thinking. The battle that created the Serenity is the answer.” “The answer to what Devon?” “To Igus’ power. We need to look at the events that led up to the flood. Remember there was no river at the time.” “I thought we wanted to know Corsea’s weakness.” Ian said. Then Gareth added, “I have to admit, I do not know what you are driving at either.” “Let us stop for a rest. I think we could figure this out if we were not bouncing up and down.” Devon now said. The three men dismounted and Devon began again.
“Igus created the flood to seal Corsea. But floods dry up, they do not create rivers.” Devon said. “I see your point. The Serenity still runs freely from Our Lady to Lake Hope.” Gareth agreed. “Of course it does.” Ian said, not comprehending. “Ian that is the point!” Devon suddenly exclaimed. Gareth looked at Devon and realized what he was saying. “Of course! Igus did not send a wave of water over the land, he caused an upheaval of the earth somehow!” Gareth said excitedly. “We have one piece of the puzzle Gareth. If we can just figure out what the seal is made of, that might help.” Devon now added.  “What is the seal?!” Ian asked, still in the dark. The old warrior could not fathom what was happening. Gareth slapped him on the back, “Let us continue to the bog, perhaps Jessica can shed some light on that!” The three men mounted their horses and headed south.
Artemus watched Igus meditating. He knew that he could easily put an end to Corsea’s evil, but that was not allowed. He wished he had handled Corsea differently. Igus now opened his eyes, sensing Artemus’ presence.
“You seem troubled Artemus.” “Yes Igus, your brother has started gaining his strength back. I only hope I have helped you enough.” “Just being connected to my life force these last three days has helped immensely.” “Have you listened to everything I have said?” “Yes, but I still do not know if I understand.” Igus admitted. “Then listen to one more story. Fourteen years ago, Arianna took you to the Blue Isle. Did you know that your life force had been poisoned?” “Yes. Thankfully, she was able to heal me.” “Let me tell you now, it was Corsea who caused your sickness.” Igus’ eyes widened, “I never made the connection!” “That was actually the beginning of his present attack. For the last fourteen years, he has planned his revenge.” Artemus had already anticipated Igus’ next question and thought back to his own beginnings.
The earth was full of turmoil. The spirits of nature were jealous of each other. They never worked together, therefore nothing was ever accomplished. The mother of all nature was saddened and decided to end the constant bickering. She commanded the four spirits to lend a piece of themselves and created Artemus. The four spirits looked at her creation, and decided that harmony was indeed the best way.
Together they worked with Artemus and taught him how to control each of the elements of life. After five-hundred years, a mere blink of the eye to an immortal, Artemus had mastered his lessons. He was then given one final lesson. This one by the mother of all nature.
“You have been given great power Artemus. With power comes responsibility. As Children of Nature are born, you will teach them of harmony, that is your destiny. You may not, however, directly interfere with human problems. You will be tempted to shape the world into your own ideal. Do not fall into that trap.” She admonished. “I can see the importance of non-interference, but what if it is a child of nature causing the human’s problems?” Artemus asked, almost prophetically. “Occasionally, a rogue child of nature will emerge. You must leave nature run its course. Only I can decide when a child has crossed the line.” Artemus understood the finality of her statement. He then felt himself being transported. When he materialized, he was on the Isle of Ages, where his first four students awaited. Once taught, they would become the elders.
“Why is it that you cannot you just stop him?” Igus asked, then continued, “You must know that innocent men, women and children will suffer. Artemus looked at Igus. Artemus then echoed what was told to him, “You must let nature run its course.” “But it is me who he wants to kill first! Does that not change anything?” Igus argued. “This will be your third battle with Corsea, you must have learned something!” Igus could see that he was getting nowhere. Artemus was being as cryptic with him as he himself had been with Devon. How irritating I must be, he now thought. “At days end you must return to the forest. My wishes go with you, I know you will find the answer.” As Artemus finished, he closed his eyes and began to fade.
Devon, Ian and Gareth could see Jessica at the entrance to the bog. As they dismounted it was Jessica who began.
“I already know what you want. I do not know Corsea’s weakness.” She said, as a determined look came over her face. “I have seen that look before!” Devon joked. “As have I!” Gareth said laughing. Ian then added, “It is amazing that two different people could have the very same mannerisms!” Then joined in the laughter. Jessica, having figured that she was part of a joke, glared at them, “I do not see what is so funny!” “Loanna has the exact same expression when she is being stubborn.” Devon howled. Jessica watched the three men laughing and finally joined in. “I really want to spend more time with Loanna.” She said, holding her sides. The four of them walked into the bog. Devon was the first to become serious.
“I realize the laws of silence the Children of Nature live by Jessica. But the questions I have, have nothing to do with Corsea’s weakness. Do you know of the flood that created the Serenity?” “Of course. It was a huge event that caused great havoc. Thankfully, no lives were lost.” Jessica answered. “Igus carved the Serenity’s path through the earth, until it met Lake Hope, then let loose the flood, correct?” Devon now asked. “Yes, but how do you know!?” Jessica answered. Devon knew the answers he was fishing for could only be gotten by wit, “Jessica, do you really think I am stupid!?” “Of course not! I have nothing but respect for you!” “Thank you Jessica. I am sorry if I sounded harsh.” Gareth watched as Devon manipulated Jessica. They walked in silence for a mile or so before Devon began again.
“How bad is the crystal damaged Jessica?” Devon asked. “Which crystal?”Devon suddenly stopped. Ian and Gareth looked back at him. Anger seemed to cover Devon’s face. “Jessica! I already know of the crystal that seals Corsea’s tomb! I am not asking about secrets! Do you now tell me you cannot answer any questions at all!?” Devon asked, indignantly. He had to keep her off guard long enough to get some answers. “I never said that Devon! I just did not realize you had that knowledge. At present the ebony crystal has a small crack. As Corsea exerts pressure against it, the crack grows ever so slightly.” Jessica conceded. “I am sorry for sounding snide Jessica. These past weeks have us all on edge.” “No Devon, I am the one who is sorry. Friends?” She said, offering her hand. “Friends.” He said, as he shook her hand.
Little more was said as they continued to the main camp. Devon had learned enough from Jessica for now. Gareth watched Devon as they walked. He knew his friend’s mind was churning away, trying to find the answer to their mystery. He also knew that Corsea’s tomb needed to be found. When they reached the main camp, Gareth asked a squire to have Geoffrey, Douglas and Philip to the command tent. Jessica departed and walked further into the bog. The six men convened in the command tent.
“Devon! If I ever need to interrogate anyone, I want you there!” Gareth exclaimed. “Yes! But how did you know about the crystal?” Ian now wondered. “I did not. But now we have a clue.” “We all are not privy to what you are talking of, perhaps you could fill us in.” Geoffrey interjected. Gareth told them of how Devon baited Jessica.
“Igus created the Serenity? An ebony crystal?” Geoffrey questioned. “Who is Igus?” Douglas asked.  “That is unimportant for the moment. Just know that Igus is a dear friend who is doing his best to avert a disaster.” Gareth said, looking to Devon, “What now my friend?” “It goes without saying, our next step is to find the tomb.” Devon started to explain when suddenly Igus was in his mind.
“Devon, I am sorry for my actions, but now I need to talk to you.” Igus said. “I will lose precious time coming to the forest. Can you come here?” Devon asked. “No my friend, I do not want to chance losing the connection to my life force. I will send Jessica back to you. She will take you to the Hollow Hills, above the bog. From there she will bring you to the Cave of Lights.” Devon’s eyes fluttered as the communication with Igus ended. He could see everyone looking at him. Gareth was the first to talk.
“Igus?” Was all Gareth asked. “Yes. He wants to see me.” Devon answered. “Going back to the forest will take a day and a half.” Gareth lamented. “No my friend. He is sending Jessica back to take me to the Hollow Hills. Apparently we will be transported to the forest from there.” Douglas started to ask them what they were talking about, but Gareth held up his hand.
“All in good time Douglas. Do you want me to go with you Devon?” Gareth asked. “No. I think you should forge farther into the bog. After everything we have learned, I believe Corsea will be found at the driest part of the bog.” “I understand!” A light seemed to jump into Gareth’s eyes, “Yes! How did you figure it out?” Gareth finished. “I am still not positive, but it seems that every time Corsea has been about, that dry, dank odor accompanies him.” Jessica entered the tent just as Devon finished.
“Devon, Igus has asked me to take you to the forest.” “Yes, he contacted me.” Devon replied, then turned to Gareth. “Gareth, may God and luck be with you.” Devon said, hugging his good friend. “I truly hope this madness will be over soon.” Gareth said. “Come Devon, Igus awaits.” Jessica urged, taking Devon’s hand.
As they walked through the bog, Devon found himself studying Jessica. Her resemblance to Loanna was uncanny. She had already denied being Loanna’s sister. But Devon could not shake the suspicion that there was a connection between the two women.
“I sense you have a question for me Devon. And I sense you want the truth.” Jessica said. “Jessica, all I have ever asked, is for truth.” “When you ask of weaknesses and strengths, do you not believe me when I say I cannot tell you?” She said, all too coyly. “I have come to believe that the Children of Nature are, for the most part, truthful.” “Even Corsea?” “Especially Corsea! Although I do not understand why the elders allow such evil to exist.” Devon complained. They walked about a mile in silence. Devon had a thought deep in his mind, then finally decided to ask.
“Are you Loanna’s mother?” Jessica stopped in her tracks and looked squarely at Devon. “Yes.” She replied casually, then continued, “You know that you are even more curious than Loanna is!” “Why the big secret? Every child of nature seems delighted to have a secret. Why was it necessary to keep this one?” Devon asked. “You think it wrong for me to leave Igus to bring up my child?” “There it is again! Answer a question with a question!” He said, irritated. Jessica smiled and began walking again. Jessica allowed a moment as she thought of how she could make Devon understand.
“A long time ago, I made a mistake. I fell in love with a human. Though it is not forbidden, it is frowned upon. You see, humans grow old.” “So do the Children of Nature.” Devon said, slyly. Jessica now laughed, “Loanna chose wisely. You are not only incredibly handsome, but very intelligent and witty.” Devon felt his face blush, but would not let her have the last word. “What happened to Loanna’s father.” He stammered. Jessica’s eyes seemed to well with tears and Devon was immediately sorry he asked. She suddenly looked so vulnerable. Devon went to her and put his arms around her.
“I am so sorry Jessica, I did not realize it would hurt you to ask.” Jessica allowed Devon to hold her as she began, “His name was Shaun Walter. He was a good man, strong and handsome. Though he lived in a hovel, there was a fierce pride that burned in him. He had sky-blue eyes that shown his love of life. I would sit for hours and run my fingers through his light brown hair. One day he asked me to marry him. I threw all caution to the wind and agreed. Within a year, I was with child, with Loanna. After Loanna was born, I introduced Shaun to Igus. Igus and Shaun became instant friends. Igus of course loved my daughter. Loanna’s second birthday was the last time I saw her until the other day in the forest.” “Why did you leave her with Igus?” Devon asked quietly. “Shaun said he would seek work at Welshire. I begged him not to go, we had no need of money. But as I have said, he was a proud man, and a week before Loanna’s second birthday, he went anyway. I was bathing Loanna in Our Lady when Igus came to me and told me that Shaun had been killed by robbers.” Jessica began sobbing uncontrollably and Devon helped her to sit down.
“We do not have to talk of this anymore...” Jessica cut him off, “No Devon, it is time that I unburden myself. The pain of leaving Loanna behind has ate at me for a long time. After Igus told me that Shaun was gone, my mind snapped. I no longer had the will to care for myself, let alone Loanna. Igus suggested that I return to the Isle of the Ages. He offered to take care of Loanna for a while. But the weeks turned into months, and the months into years. The one time I did try to come back for Loanna, I saw Arianna playing with her and decided to leave well enough alone.” Devon had many more questions, but they would have to wait, “I am truly sorry for your hardships, but for now, we need to see Igus.” Devon helped Jessica to her feet and they quietly walked to the Hollow Hills.
“Mommy! Where is daddy?” Brittany asked, as Loanna exited the cave on the Blue Isle. “He had to stay and help Gareth.” Loanna answered, scooping her daughter up in her arms. “How is Gareth?” Melanie asked. “He is well and sends his love. He sorely misses you.” “I cannot wait to be with him again. What of Corsea?” “Their brief contact with Corsea proved enlightening. It seems that Gareth came up with a plan and was able to weaken Corsea enough to give Igus a rest.” Michael ran up to the women. “Can Brittany and me play mommy?” “Yes, of course. But let us wait until after lunch.” Melanie said. As they sat and ate, they could see Alanna coming from the cave.
“Where were you off to Alanna?” Melanie asked. “Igus asked me to search for something in the hills above Welshire.” “Something? That means you cannot tell us, correct?” Loanna asked. “Actually, you are right.” Alanna smiled. “Can you at least let us know if you found it?” Loanna now asked, knowing it was fruitless to ask any more about the specifics. “No. Igus was very disappointed. Your two husbands are very resourceful though. I sense that they will be of great help, given enough time.” “Enough time?” Melanie asked, fear clearly showing in her eyes. Alanna looked at the women and children. “Yes, time. Corsea was stupid and knows it. He will not attack again until he can break the seal and escape. That could be tomorrow, or maybe next month.”
Igus and Arianna sat upon the Great Rock and watched as Devon and Jessica approached. When they reached the base of the rock, Igus and Arianna floated down to them.
“Thank you for coming Devon.” Igus began, then added, “And Jessica, I am glad you came also.” Jessica went to Igus and put her arms around him, “You have done a wonderful job raising my daughter.” Arianna looked dumbfounded, “Daughter!?” Igus looked to Arianna, “Yes, Loanna is Jessica’s daughter. Why did you stay away?” Igus now asked Jessica. “I was totally lost without Shaun. I went to Artemus, but even he could not help. After five years of moping he suggested that I go back to my protectorate. I tried to focus, to regain direction. As I have told Devon, I did return on one occasion.” “I never sensed your presence. Was I here?” “Yes. You were watching Arianna playing with Loanna. She was eleven at the time and looked happy. It did not feel right to come back into her life.” “But you have come back into her life, have you not?” Igus asked looking to Devon. Jessica looked to Devon also, “I knew you were Loanna’s husband. I could do no less than to help you.”
Though Devon was happy to know Loanna’s mother, he also had a pressing need to find out what Igus wanted.
“I really hate to interrupt, but Gareth and his men are forging farther into the bog as we speak.” Igus looked at Devon, a smile crossed his lips. “You have become a warrior then Devon?” Devon laughed at his friend. “What would Leonis say about that! Seriously though, are you feeling strong enough for the upcoming battle?” “If I could just get my hands on Corsea!” Igus answered cryptically. Devon decided to file that away for later use. “I need to know what you want Igus. I believe we have two options. Contain Corsea, or destroy him!” Devon said confidently. Igus looked at Devon, confused by his sudden ferocity.
“Perhaps you are becoming a warrior.” Igus said sadly, then added, “I would want my brother to live, even if he had to be entombed...forever.” Devon no longer wanted to play the game. His family and friends were in true danger, “Igus, can the ebony crystal be replaced, thereby resealing Corsea’s fate?” Igus was now taken aback. Devon could see Igus struggling for an answer and took the advantage, “I am no longer in the dark Igus! I do not know all the answers, but I know of your power.” Jessica and Arianna stood by and watched as Devon took command. Neither knew Devon well enough to gauge his ire.
The Blue Isle was a beautiful place. Not much more than a speck in Our Lady, but ever so lush. Since coming to the island, Loanna, Melanie and the children had explored almost every inch. Alanna and Arianna chose the island as their protectorate over one-hundred and fifty years ago, when the isle was much smaller. After the Serenity was formed by Igus, the land mass doubled to almost six miles at it’s widest point. Except for an occasional storm, the waters around the island were as smooth as glass. Brittany seemed drawn to one particular spot on the island.
“Melanie, I can see daddy and Igus!” Melanie looked around and thought Brittany was seeing things. “No Brittany, they are not here.” “Yes Melanie, look, he is talking with daddy!” Brittany insisted, holding a black crystal. Melanie looked at the crystal Brittany was holding. She could hear voices, one of them obviously Devon. ‘I am no longer in the dark Igus!’ She heard. “How are you doing that sweetheart?” “I do not know Melanie. But I can see daddy in this rock whenever I think of him.” Melanie took the crystal from Brittany and immediately, the voice was quieted. Odd she thought. Then she decided she had been drawn into Brittany’s daydream, and dismissed it.
The dank odor grew steadily as Gareth’s troops walked deeper into the bog. They approached what appeared to be a crag surrounded by dust. Gareth had heard of deserts, but had never seen one. The earth was bone dry and each breath of the wind seemed to disturb the delicate landscape. ‘He is here’! Gareth thought. Finally, the end was in sight. Corsea could sense the approach of Gareth’s army, and cringed. They have somehow found me, he thought.
“Light your torches!” Gareth commanded. Ian now went to Gareth, “Is he still entombed!? Shall we try to attack!?” “Yes, Corsea is still trapped! But attack, what?” “I only try to make a suggestion.” “Ian my friend, we cannot attack, what we can not see!” “Douglas! Break the forces into three columns.” Geoffrey now commanded. The men followed the commands without question. Each man lit a torch, then formed a semi-circle at the front of the arid precipice. Douglas now ran up to Gareth.
“My lords, there seems to be a cave at the center of the wall.” He said, pointing to what appeared to be a vine gate. “Just like the Cave of Lights!” Ian shouted.  “Collect all the dead wood you can find, I want the opening surrounded with a barrier of  fire!” Gareth commanded, wondering how Devon was making out.
“There is no longer time for your games Igus! You try to make me look foolish, while my friends risk their lives!” Devon shouted. Igus raised his brows. “Devon! I have never tried to make you look foolish! You...” Devon did not let him finish, “I no longer care about your secrets! Corsea has attacked me, Brittany, Michael, Ian, and God knows who else! He has killed two of Gareth’s knights! Either tell me what I need to know, or cut and run!” Devon demanded. Cut and run. That was more than Igus could take.
“Do you think me a coward, Devon!?” Igus asked indignantly. “In your own words Igus, ‘we have never labeled each other’. Just answer me, can the seal be replaced!?” “No. I have searched for an ebony crystal, but cannot find one.” “Then there is no recourse, Corsea must be destroyed.” Igus looked at  Devon,  disappointment filled his eyes, “You sound callous my friend. Do you find the thought of killing so easy?” Devon now lowered his head. The thought of killing a person had never really crossed his mind. The anger had been clouding his judgement. Then a thought crossed his mind.
“Igus, will you let me talk to Corsea?” Devon asked. Igus looked at Jessica and Arianna who had stood by quietly, “With their help, I believe that could be accomplished. But what do you hope to gain Devon?” “I am not sure. But what you have said about killing has saddened me.” “Come then.” The four of them levitated to the top of the rock. Igus instructed Devon to close his eyes, then Igus, Arianna and Jessica did the same. Almost instantly, Devon could see Corsea.
“So Priest, you would now seek me out! What do you want!?” Corsea demanded. “You have attacked my friends and family. Have you no compassion?” Devon asked quietly. “Compassion? I have been entombed for over seven decades! Do you think I have been shown any compassion!?” He growled. Devon felt himself shiver. He tried to find a way to reach Corsea.
“When a man breaks the law, he is put in jail. You broke nature’s law, do you not believe that you should be punished?” Devon asked. “I am above laws Priest! I am accountable to no one!” “You believe that killing innocent beings is justified?” Jessica now asked. “Truth be told, I have not killed anyone!” “Your actions have caused many deaths!” Igus countered. “Why do you bother me!? Soon I will be free Igus! Then we will discuss death!” Corsea exclaimed. “Would you consider a compromise?” Devon asked. Corsea looked at him, “You have no power! What could you possibly offer!?” “Do not underestimate me Corsea! What would it take to avoid a battle? A battle, I might add, that will very likely result in your death.” Devon said, as a matter of fact. Corsea was intrigued. He knew of the army that was at his door step. He also realized that by expending all his energy to break the ebony crystal, he would be sorely exhausted and vulnerable.
“Have Igus release me and I will leave Kingsland.” Corsea finally replied. “Will you allow me to talk with my friends? Devon asked. “Yes, of course!” Corsea said excitedly. With that said, the communication was ended.
“You cannot be serious!” Igus shouted. “Do you doubt his word Igus?” Devon asked. “The Children of Nature are bound by their word, but that is not the point. He would go to another land and cause havoc. Do you want that on your conscience?”
Melanie and Loanna watched Brittany and Michael playing hide and seek. The women had little to do. Alanna cooked all their meals and insisted they relax.
“I wish there was something to do.” Melanie said. “I know what you mean. I not only miss Devon, but I am bored silly.” Loanna echoed. “It would be nice if I could use this crystal the way Brittany imagined.” “What crystal Melanie?” “This black one.” She answered, handing it to Loanna, adding, “Brittany said she could see Devon with it.” Loanna looked at the crystal, “I have never seen a black crystal before. Brittany, come over here!” She called out. Brittany and Michael both came to the women.
“Yes mommy!” “Brittany, did you see daddy in this crystal?” “Yes, he was talking with Igus.” “Show me how you did that sweetheart.” Brittany took the crystal and sat down. Loanna almost laughed as Brittany seemed to close her eyes with all her might. Slowly Brittany opened her eyes and looked into the crystal. Loanna and Melanie watched as a miniature figure materialized above the surface of the crystal. It was Devon!
“See mommy! It is daddy!” Brittany giggled. “Yes, I do! Can you talk to him?” “I never tried that.” “Well, why not try?” “All right mommy!” Brittany closed her eyes again and began to speak. “Daddy! Can you hear me daddy?” Loanna and Melanie watched as Devon looked all around.
Back in the forest Devon, Igus, Jessica and Arianna all looked around. “Brittany? Where are you honey?” Devon asked, trying to figure where the voice was coming from. Igus already knew, “She is on the Blue Isle!” “Brittany, how are you talking to me?” Devon now asked. “I do not know daddy, mommy asked me to try, so I did.” She said, giggling. Igus closed his eyes and contacted Alanna.
“What do you need Igus?” Alanna asked. “Brittany is communicating with Devon. She obviously has found a crystal. Please see what type it is.” Alanna walked to where Brittany was sitting and bent down. “Amazing!” Alanna exclaimed. Brittany was startled and the communication ended. “What is it Alanna!?” Loanna asked. “May I have the crystal, Brittany?” Alanna asked. “Sure! There are a lot of them!” “Loanna, Igus has been looking for an ebony crystal. I cannot believe they were right under my nose.” “What does he need with an ebony crystal?” Alanna gave Loanna a smile. “Never mind.” Loanna said. Alanna closed her eyes and told Igus of the crystal.
“This changes everything!” Igus shouted. “What has happened, Igus?” Devon asked. “Brittany has stumbled upon an ebony crystal!” “Then you can reseal the tomb!” “It will not be that easy!” Arianna now warned. “Of course it will not be easy, but at least there is now hope.” Igus said. Jessica now joined in, “Gareth has found Corsea. His troops surround the tomb.” “Their timing is perfect! As soon as Alanna brings the crystal, we will go to the bog.” Igus said, feeling relief that his brother need not be killed.
The events did not go unnoticed by Corsea. No! He screamed to himself. I have eaten worms and grubs for too many years! How long am I to be punished. “So you finally use the word...punished!” Corsea recognized the voice and shouted, “You allow this to continue Artemus! I am a child of nature! I made a mistake!” Artemus looked at Corsea and was saddened. He knew Corsea all too well. “Would you try to make a fool of me!?” “What are you saying? Better yet what is it you want!? I have been imprisoned and forced to endure...loneliness. Endless loneliness!” Corsea complained. “I told you many years ago that you would need someone.” Artemus chided.  Suddenly another voice was with them. A very soft, feminine voice. A voice Corsea had never heard before.
“I have watched this for a very long time. I have been very disappointed. You talk of loneliness. You talk about you. Corsea, have you ever talked of...love? Have you ever tried to help anyone?” The voice asked. Artemus said nothing. He knew his place. Corsea on the other hand, in all his arrogance, had no respect for anyone. “Who are you!? Love!? A human frailty! A flaw that has allowed weakness to exist for eons!” Corsea shouted. “Do you really think there is any hope for him, Artemus!?” The voice asked. “There is hope for all beings.” Artemus replied. “Who are you!?” Corsea now asked again. “You shall find out in good time young one. In the mean time, think of what you are. Try to understand what you have done” That said, Corsea was again alone.
It was night as Igus, along with Arianna, Jessica, and Devon, emerged from a cave in the Hollow Hills. Igus did not need directions to Corsea’s tomb, after all, he had created it. As they approached Gareth’s camp, Igus could see that Corsea had sucked every ounce of fluid from the ground. Gareth went to his friends and embraced each one.
“Thank you all! This part of Kingsland will be again safe! Igus, what needs to be done now?” Gareth asked. Igus was saddened. The thought of resealing his brother hung heavy in his heart. But Corsea had left no choice. He had left Igus without any options. Igus decided that he would try to reach his brother, one last time. As he closed his eyes he could sense someone...different.
“Corsea! Can you hear me!? I do not want to do this!” “Then do not Igus.” Igus did not recognize the soft voice that answered him. Without another word, the skies opened up and it began to rain. The fires and torches were instantly doused! Gareth looked at Igus confused, then shouted.
“Igus! What is it you do!?” “This is not my doing! Someone else is interfering Gareth!” As the rain continued, the earth soaked up the moisture Corsea did not know what was happening, but did not care! His strength was rapidly returning. Igus knew Corsea would escape if he did not replace the seal quickly.
Devon watched Igus put his hands into a praying position, then slowly parted them. The vine gate began to open and everyone could see a black, glowing crystal, in the middle of an earthen portal. Igus started toward the portal, but too late! The crystal shattered and Corsea was free! As Corsea floated to the top of the precipice, Gareth reacted.
“Archers! Aim and fire!” But too late! Corsea knew humans all too well. He surrounded himself with a whirl wind and the arrows immediately headed back toward the archers! It seemed hopeless! The arrows meant for Corsea were going to rain down and kill many men! Suddenly, from out of nowhere, a voice thundered. “Enough!” The arrows fell to the ground, hitting no one! It was Devon who first noticed a being materializing behind Corsea.
“Look Igus!” Devon yelled, pointing upward. Igus recognized Artemus and wondered what was going on, “Artemus, what have you done!?” “It was not I! You have forgotten that even I cannot interfere!” Corsea turned to face Artemus. Artemus then held out his hand and a brilliant red light engulfed Corsea. Artemus then held out his other hand and a bright yellow light shot out and engulfed Igus! Gareth thought Igus was being attacked!
“Archers! He attacks our friend...” “No Gareth! Do nothing!” Jessica shouted. “Artemus does not attack anyone!” Arianna assured Gareth. Gareth looked at Arianna. She would not let anything happen to Igus, he thought. “Archers! Stand down!” He now commanded.
The rain slowed to a drizzle, then stopped. Devon went to Gareth’s side. Ian and Geoffrey had already made their way to Gareth and Devon could hear Ian suggesting they regroup and attack Corsea.
“No my friend. I cannot be sure, but I believe that everything is under control.” Gareth said calmly. “He is right Ian. Arianna loves Igus and would not let him be harmed.” Devon offered. “Arianna, what is this ‘Artemus’ doing?” Gareth asked. “I do not know...” Before Arianna could finish, the very ground started moving! The tomb that Igus had created, began to disappear into the earth! Panic filled Gareth’s voice. “Retreat!” He exclaimed, afraid for the men under his command. The men started to run for safety when a soft, feminine voice, entered each of their minds.
“Do not be afraid. No harm will come to any of you.” It said, gently, then added, “Please sit and stay calm.” One by one, each man calmed and sat down. They all watched as the tomb was swallowed up. Artemus now floated to the ground maintaining his magical hold on Corsea and Igus. It was Arianna who spoke first.
“Artemus, you have said you cannot interfere. What then, is it you do?” Arianna asked, respectfully. The answer came as quite a surprise! The whole area was suddenly bathed in a soft white light and a form began to take shape in front of Artemus.
The first thing they could focus on was her golden waist-length hair, that seemed to flow even though there was no wind. Her perfect, milk white face was soft and gentle. No goddess could be this beautiful. She looked at them through the lightest of blue eyes, then smiled. They could all feel the love that she exuded. Devon thought that she must be no older than eighteen.
Thank you Devon!” She said, in a sweet, soft voice. Devon’s cheeks turned red, as she continued, “I am called Focura. I am sorry I have allowed this to go on so long. I have always tried to avoid interfering with my children.” Gareth and Devon looked at each other. Devon did not speak out loud, but mouthed the words, ‘My children?’. Artemus sensed the questions in everyone’s minds and spoke.
“Focura is the mother of all nature. She was able to stop the chaos that prevailed over the earth and convinced the four spirits, earth, water, wind and fire, to work together. Without her guidance, there would still be nothing, no lakes, no trees, nothing.” Focura smiled at Artemus, “Thank you Artemus, now please, release Corsea and Igus.”  Artemus did as requested. Corsea and Igus could finally move.
As soon as Corsea was freed, he tried to flee. Focura was aware of his thoughts and immediately lifted her hand. Corsea now felt as if a great weight had been placed on his shoulders and fell to his knees!
“Who do you think you are!?” Corsea demanded, the pain upon his face apparent. Focura looked at him sadly, “I have tired of your abuse Corsea. The Children of Nature were created to serve. I had hoped you would change during your exile, but you did not.” “You take Igus’ side also! Where were you when he tried to kill me!? Where were you...?” Corsea suddenly could not speak! With a slight movement of her hand, Focura froze his vocal cords! She then turned toward the huge force of men who were watching in silent amazement.
Focura closed her eyes and a green glow began to encompass the entire area! Gareth watched in horror as his troops began to fade! “Focura! They have done nothing! Why do you punish them!?” Gareth shouted. Artemus went to him. “They will be fine Gareth. She sends them home to Cashell, Joycen and Braxton, where they belong. This battle is over.” When each man had disappeared, Focura came to Gareth and Devon and again closed her eyes. This time a soft pink light emanated from her hand and Gareth could see four figures come into sight.
“Gareth my love!” Melanie exclaimed. Gareth could not believe his eyes, “Melanie! Michael!” He exclaimed, sweeping them both up in his arms. Devon could now see Loanna and Brittany. “Thank you Focura!” He shouted, running to embrace his wife and child. Igus introduced Loanna, Melanie and the children to Focura and Artemus.
Igus looked at his friends and was happy that they were safe, but saddened at Corsea’s prospects. Though Corsea had sought Igus’ demise, Igus felt no ill will toward his brother. Focura looked at the group before her. Devon and his family, Gareth and his family. Arianna, Jessica and Igus. The stage was set, she thought.
“Focura, Corsea is in pain, what now?” Artemus asked quietly. “I have not yet decided.” She said, then turned to the group in front of her, “You have all been affected by Corsea. I would now ask you what you would do with him?” Loanna looked at Focura, just now noticing how beautiful she was.
“What do you mean Focura?” Loanna asked. “Exactly what I have asked.” Artemus understood what Focura was now doing and watched with interest. Devon, who was happy to be reunited with his family, now spoke, “I think it was easier to want revenge when all was dire. After a battle, one tends to think of forgiveness.” He said.
No one had noticed that Igus had gone over to comfort Corsea. As the healing blue light surrounded Corsea, the pain eased and he was able to speak again.
“Why do you help me?” Corsea asked quietly. “I could do no less for my brother.” “I have told you that I do not accept you as my brother.” Corsea said weakly. Sadness covered Igus’ face, “Does that make it so? Should I allow my brother to writhe in pain because of mere words?” Corsea looked at Igus oddly, “I have treated you and everyone else with disdain, yet you still come to my aid.” Neither Igus or Corsea noticed that Focura had turned her attention toward them. She decided to listen a while longer.
“I still do not understand hate Corsea, but I know of love. Though everything you have done has saddened me, it has not diminished my love for you.” Igus said, allowing a smile to cross his lips. Corsea looked at his twin and wondered what had gone so wrong. For the first time in his life, he actually began to feel something. He could not put a name on it. Remorse? He thought. He then looked into Igus’ eyes.
“Thank you for helping me, my brother.” Corsea said, and then did something totally unexpected. He held out his hand! Igus looked at it and he felt the tears welling in his eyes. He then took Corsea’s hand and shook it firmly. “I do not believe I have ever been happier.” Igus said.
Focura was touched beyond words. She had given up on Corsea, but now realized there was yet hope. She motioned for Artemus and the others to join her and they walked to Igus and Corsea.
“Igus, please stand away from Corsea.” Focura now said. Igus looked at Corsea and then Focura. “What will be done?” Igus asked, not moving. “I have decided to let Gareth meld out Corsea’s punishment.” Focura answered. All eyes turned to Gareth.
“What! Why me Focura!?” Gareth exclaimed. “Do you not remember thinking that you would destroy Corsea, Gareth? I now give you that chance.” She said coyly. Gareth remembered the anger he had felt. “Focura, I may have thought that, and in the heat of battle I may well have tried to kill him. But this is not a battle. I have never killed anyone that was defenseless.” Though Focura admired Gareth’s code of honor, she was looking for a specific solution.
“What of you Loanna? He made Brittany and Michael ill, did he not?” Loanna looked at the children, then to Melanie, “May I ask Corsea a question, Focura?” “Yes of course.” Loanna walked  to Corsea. Igus was still helping his brother and looked up at Loanna. She looked at them, wondering how two identical beings, could be so different.
“Corsea, when you made the children sick, what was your true intention?” Loanna asked quietly. Corsea felt all eyes on him. He looked at Igus and then the ground, “I wish I could say I would not have harmed them, but at the time, I honestly did not care if they lived or die.” Loanna was taken aback by Corsea’s honesty. “What do you mean, ‘you wish’?” She now asked. Corsea lifted his eyes and looked at Loanna. “I have learned much in these past few moments. But I make no excuses, nor do I expect leniency. All I do now is apologize for hurting you and the children.” Loanna saw tears coming to Corsea’s eyes as he lowered his head. She felt a tug on her arm and looked down at Brittany, “Mommy, why is he crying?” Loanna looked at Focura, suddenly confused. Devon came to Loanna, then bent down and picked up Brittany.
“I think Corsea has just found his heart.” Devon said, kissing Brittany’s cheek, “What would you do now Focura?” He now asked, turning to her. She looked at Devon and smiled that sweet smile. “I think you are a very wise man Devon. You have already surmised that Corsea will not be harmed.” Igus now looked hopefully at Focura.
“Focura, my brother will be spared then?” Igus asked hopefully. “I believe everyone would be best served if Corsea were to return to the Isle of the Ages. What say you Corsea?” Focura asked, releasing him from her hold. Corsea, with Igus’ help, slowly stood up.
“Focura, I do not deserve mercy, but humbly accept your offer.” “We all deserve some measure of mercy. You have done much to disturb the balance of nature. It is up to you to correct your mistakes.” Focura now stated firmly. “Artemus, will you help me?” Corsea asked. “We will spend much time at the tree of lessons.” Artemus chided. “Thank you, I have much to learn.” Corsea said humbly.
Focura now raised her hands and a green glow surrounded Corsea and Artemus. As they began to fade, Corsea looked at Igus, “Please visit me, my brother.”  “Promise.” Igus said happily.
Focura now faced the remaining group. “Ready to go home?” She asked. They all nodded their approval, except Jessica. “I am already home. This is my protectorate.” She said, then turned to walk away. Focura decided otherwise. “Jessica, nothing is etched in stone. I believe that Igus would be willing to share the Echo Forest.” She said, looking to Igus. “Yes, there is plenty of room!” Igus replied. Jessica happily agreed.
Focura sent Arianna and Igus back to the forest. Jessica would go with the others to Cashell, even though it was not Jessica’s idea! As they materialized at Cashell, Michael was the first to speak.
“Outstanding!” He yelled. Everyone laughed. “You are sounding more like your father every day!” Melanie said. “Why did Focura send me here?” Jessica now asked. Devon winked at Gareth. “Gareth, I suppose a glass of wine is in order!” Yes! And some food! Come my friends, we will eat and then Jessica can go to the forest.”
A cheer went up from Gareth’s men as they entered the manor gates. As Katryn and Lisa rushed down the main steps to meet them, they both noticed that Loanna had a twin.
“Sir Philip has told us of the brief battle and Focura and Artemus, but did not know what happened next!” Katryn said, hugging Gareth. “Let us go to the study mother and we will fill you in. Sir Philip, please tell a squire to have the kitchen send food and wine to the study, then join us there.” “Immediately my lord.” “Loanna, let us take the children and put them down for a nap.” Melanie suggested. “May I join you?” Jessica asked.
When the little group reached the study, Gareth pulled out a chair for Katryn and Devon did so for Lisa. Philip then entered the study.
“Have I missed anything?” Were the first words out of his mouth. “No Philip, I would not start without you.” Gareth said, slapping him on the back. “So...What happened!?” Philip insisted.  “All right!” Gareth said laughing, then added. “After Focura returned you and the others, she asked us to decide what Corsea’s punishment should be. I liked your answer Devon, ‘After a battle, one tends to think of forgiveness’, I think Focura did not expect that, nor did she notice Igus slip away.” Gareth said, now looking to Devon. “She knew he went to Corsea my friend. I do not believe Focura wanted to harm Corsea. When Focura asked you to decide a punishment, she was testing you. When you refused to hurt a defenseless enemy, she turned to Loanna.” “I see what you are getting at. It was Igus who turned the tide! Igus never gave up on his brother. Then Brittany...”
“Brittany? What of Brittany?” Loanna asked, as she, Melanie and Jessica entered the study. Devon went to his wife. “We were telling them of the events that took place after Focura sent the troops away.” Devon said. “Yes, when Brittany saw Corsea crying, Devon told her that Corsea had found his heart.” Gareth said. “That is what Focura wanted, a glimmer of hope, so she could release him.” Devon finished.
Katryn, Lisa and Philip looked at each other. They understood what had just been said, but did not believe that Corsea was free. “Are you sure the decision to release Corsea was wise?” Katryn asked. “I saw him crying. I believe that for the first time in his life, he felt love.” Devon answered. “Yes mother, Igus’ actions somehow reached Corsea’s heart.” Gareth added. “I also felt the change that over took Corsea’s heart.” Jessica said. Lisa and Katryn looked at Loanna’s twin. Gareth realized that neither had met her before, and introduced her. He then told them of how she had protected Devon.
“You have our eternal thanks for keeping Devon safe.” Katryn said. Jessica looked at Devon. He smiled at her and nodded his head. “It was the least I could do for my daughter’s husband.” Katryn and Lisa looked at each other, then at Loanna. It took a moment for Jessica’s statement to sink in.
“You are my mother!? But Igus said you had died!” Loanna exclaimed. "Yes, I asked him to tell you that. Do not blame him. If you thought that I was alive, it would have hurt you every day that I was away.”
Jessica then told Loanna of Shaun and how she had fell apart after he died. The three men watched as all four women’s eyes began to tear up. Loanna went to Jessica and held her.
“Igus has always been as a father to me, and now I have my mother also.” Loanna said, crying softly. “And Brittany has a grandmother too!” Devon added. “That has a nice ring to it, grandmother.” Jessica said, letting the word roll off her tongue.
Devon and Gareth looked at each other. They had become so close, they almost knew what the other was thinking. They both knew that Loanna would have a million questions, and both men smiled.
Corsea sat under the tree of lessons, meditating. He never knew love, so he never knew happiness. He now knew both.
Artemus would now be able to help Corsea. The anger Corsea felt was gone. A path to his heart now existed.
Igus and Arianna resumed a relationship that had been briefly interrupted. The love they felt was beyond comprehension. Igus felt as a school boy, experiencing a feeling alien to him. His looks no longer a factor, he would now make Arianna happy at any cost.
Focura watched them all. Her contact with humans was rare. Though they were all part of nature, she found that most of them knew nothing of the balance of nature. She had helped only because it was a child of nature causing the misery. She now went about the task of erasing the memory of the battle from all involved, save eight. The knowledge of the Children of Nature would become as a dream to be forgotten. The eight chosen would be made aware that they keep the secret they carry to themselves.
It was now evident that Loanna was a child of a child of nature. The problems of offspring would soon become evident. Loanna was with child, a child of a mortal, a decision had to be made.
§§§§§§§§§§§§
“If I ever get free, I will hold his heart in my hands, then I will feed it to him as he dies! Push harder idiot!” “You call me idiot, but still you have not realized that we have not had any food or water in ages.” “I do not know what you are talking about! I have felt no hunger!” “What holds us back!? I tire of the darkness!” “Shut up idiot and keep trying!” “I still do not know where we are, come to think of it how did we get here?” “Quiet, I think I can see something.” “Yes! I can see it too! It is the sky! Thank God, I can see again!” An ominous voice suddenly filled the air!
“What makes you think God is who you should thank!?”
