Tales of Asculum


By V.J.O. Gardner
Cover by G. Earle Gardner

Copyright 2014 by V.J.O. Gardner
All Rights Reserved
Please visit http://www.vjogardner.com/

First Edition – Aug 2014 Published by:
V&E Enterprises at Smashwords

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This is a work of fiction. All the names, places, characters, and events in this book are fictitious. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is purely coincidental.
Table of Contents
Chapter One: The Riddle of Glynis
Chapter Two: A Visit With the Seer Before Leaving
Chapter Three: Surprise Wedding
Chapter Four: Goodbye Dinner
Chapter Five: Building a Bridge
Chapter Six: Are You a Wizard?
Chapter Seven: Working for Supplies
Chapter Eight: The Mountain Temple
Chapter Nine: The Great Wizard Priest
Chapter Ten: Visions and Guidance
Chapter Eleven: A Parting Gift
Chapter Twelve: Proving His Worthiness
Chapter Thirteen: A Deadly Choice
Chapter Fourteen: Burying a Friend
Chapter Fifteen: Flying Defenders
Chapter Sixteen: Plans for Building a Home
Chapter Seventeen: Beginning a new life
Chapter Eighteen: Preparing for the Future
Chapter Nineteen: Challenged by the Village Elder
Chapter Twenty: Aloysia’s Talent
Chapter Twenty One: Malvin’s Sacrifice for the Future
Chapter Twenty Two: Refuge from the Storm
Chapter Twenty Three: A New Generation of Dragons
Chapter Twenty Four: A Time of Change
The Tales of Asculum and Map
About the Author
Chapter One: The Riddle of Glynis

Fanchon sat outside the window listening to his mother cry. She and Grandmother must have been talking about Uncle Sethan again. He and Mother were twins, but he had left the valley about seventy five years ago and never returned. Fanchon quietly got up and went around to the front of the house.
“Out of division will come union, out of death will come life, out of destruction will come salvation, that which was lost will be found. One man, who has forgotten yet who has not been entirely forgotten, will claim one woman who has quested for the sake of all. Thus shall the nation be reborn,” he said repeating the riddle that everyone in Glynis knew by heart as he walked down the street.
Everyone in the valley was aware that the volcanoes that surrounded it created the lush fertile valley and would someday destroy it. Uncle Sethan had left in search of a new home for the people just as others had. Some had returned and some had not.
Fanchon glanced behind him as he got to his favorite tree. No one was paying any attention to him. He climbed the stone wall next to the tree and touched the trunk as he willed the nearest branch to lower. He climbed up the branch as he willed it to return to its natural position. He climbed further up until he reached the platform of woven branches that made a comfortable resting place and settled into watch the storm that was raging to the east of the valley. He heard footsteps and a voice below him.
“Hurry up Aloysia!” a woman’s voice said.
Fanchon rolled to look down at the woman who was facing his house. He willed the branches and leaves to move so he could see where she was looking. Aloysia was looking directly at his house as though searching for something. Her golden hair glistened in the sun as she ran her hand through it. She came to where the other woman waited under the tree.
“You’re hopeless,” the woman said.
“So you don’t think Fanchon is worth my time?” Aloysia’s words made his heart skip a beat.
“Your father would have to approve of him,” the other woman said. “What was it he told you last year? He told you that you’d be married when the time is right and not a moment before then.”
“That’s the problem, Mara,” Aloysia said. “He won’t tell me another word. Not even a hint. Being the daughter of a seer is no fun. He always knows exactly what I’m going to do even before I do. When I do something wrong he’s right there to reprimand me.”
“At least he doesn’t smell like manure and dirt like my father,” Mara replied.
“At least you get some say in who you’ll marry,” Aloysia said as her voice cracked.
“I’m sorry,” Mara said. “Don’t cry.”
The women continued down the street as Fanchon let the conversation run through his mind again. Aloysia was so beautiful, but he didn’t dare even try to be her friend. He had talked to her a couple of times when he was working. Once she had come with a friend who brought a horse to be shod when he worked for the farrier. He had tried to start a conversation with her, but she seemed distracted as her friend answered his questions. When he put on the leather apron to protect his bare chest from the sparks of the forge she seemed to find her voice and began asking him questions. It was the only conversation he actually had with her. He dreamed about spending time alone with her and even kissing her. Everyone respected her father and every man knew he would know if they had any interaction with Aloysia. That was another reason he was planning to leave Glynis with a group of his friends.
They had been planning it for the last two years. There were twelve in all; five women and seven men. All were married couples except Fanchon and Jerron. Fanchon never had much luck with women and Jerron’s red hair attracted too many. All of the supplies they’d need had been purchased and stored in a small cave near the western entrance to the valley. Fanchon had made two carts they could pull by hand or could be pulled by a two horse team. Horses were rare in Glynis, but according to those who had returned from the outside there were many horses roaming freely not far south of the valley. Fanchon’s group had been learning the strange language spoken in the outside world from one of the men who had spent fifty years living outside the valley.
They were planning on telling their families just before leaving tomorrow. He worried about what Mother and Father would say when he told them. He sighed and sat up as someone passed below the tree. When the man turned to walk up the front walk of his home Fanchon saw it was Aloysia’s father. Mother answered the door as Fanchon sat frozen watching. Mother shook her head and the seer gestured as though talking to her. Soon she wiped at her face and looked down. The seer put his hand on her shoulder and she looked up to meet his eyes. She put her hand to her mouth then nodded. The seer patted her shoulder before leaving. Mother stood watching him go before going back inside.
Fanchon wished he could ask Mother about the seer’s visit, but he would have to reveal how he knew. Fanchon’s father walked down the street and into the home. Fanchon decided he’d best wait before going home. He climbed around to the west side of the tree. The sky was cloudy, but there was no storm. He hoped the weather would hold so they could travel safely south through the snow that never melted.
When Fanchon returned home, Mother was cooking supper and Father was working on repairing a wheelbarrow. Both were acting like nothing was up, but he could tell something was different.
“Do you need help with the wheelbarrow, Father?” he asked.
“No, I’ve got it taken care of,” Father said before hammering a nail into a brace attached to the side.
“I could fix it without any trouble at all,” he said.
“I know,” Father said in a strange tone of voice. “Soon you’ll have your own responsibilities to take care of. I need to take care of mine.”
Fanchon watched as Father turned his attention back to the wheel barrow. Something was definitely wrong. He went upstairs to his room and got out the book he had on the founding of Glynis. Their people had arrived in the valley from the east. Their clothing was too thin to protect them from the icy climate outside the valley. Regina Ramiri was near death from the cold when she had her vision that had given them the riddle. She died the next day after passing ruling power to her daughter Regina Lamira. Fanchon was descended from her brother Malak. The book had been passed down from him. He said their true home was unsafe to live in and so they had fled to this place they called Asculum. It was a seldom used term meaning asylum or safety.
“Come down for supper,” Mother’s voice called out.
Fanchon closed the book and put it in the pack with the rest of the books he had collected to take with him. Supper was strange. His parents made an effort to hold a conversation that kept falling silent. Perhaps the seer had told them he planned to leave. He knew Mother would be devastated but she was carrying a child. They would need his bedroom soon for the new infant. Fanchon returned to his bedroom after supper and listened to his parents talking. He could hear their voices but not what they were saying. He really didn’t want to know. He went around his bedroom checking every piece of furniture for defects and repairing the wood with his talent before going to sleep.
Chapter Two: A Visit With the Seer Before Leaving
Morning came with both anticipation and anxiety. He finished packing his clothes into a second pack. He ate breakfast with his parents who were strangely quiet. Father went to work in the fields and Mother joined him after asking Fanchon to wash the dishes. He left the house with the two packs as soon as he was finished. He hurried to the cave to stash the packs in one of the wagons.  Everyone was meeting at his home shortly after lunch. He paced as he thought about what he would say, how he would tell his parents he was leaving. He had apprenticed with several craftsmen, but nothing seemed to suit him. Although he mastered the skills each had said he was too opinionated and unwilling to follow direction. When he brought up the idea of exploring the outside world to his friends all said they would follow him. He tried getting someone else to be the leader of the group but they all refused claiming he was the one they trusted to lead them.  He shook his head and finally left the cave.
He made his way home to find Mother starting to cook lunch and Father cleaning the vegetables. He set the table then went into the main room and sat down. He looked around the room knowing he wouldn’t see his home again after today. He touched the table beside the chair and willed the wood smoother, erasing the notch he had put in it as a child when he got his first knife. He hoped his parents would understand and forgive him for leaving. Father stepped into the room and nodded towards the kitchen. Fanchon followed and sat at the table. He would miss meals with his parents.
“You’ve been acting strangely lately Fanchon,” Father said after they had finished eating. “Is there something we need to know?”
“I’m leaving today,” Fanchon said knowing it was time. “I won’t be alone. There are twelve of us in all. I know you don’t want to hear that, but I’ve realized it’s what I need to do. I’ll watch for Uncle Sethan and let him know you still miss him.”
“You have everything you need?” Father asked.
“We’ve been preparing for over a year,” Fanchon said.
“Go talk to the seer,” Mother said. “I’ll miss you, but I’ve known for a while you felt like you didn’t belong here.”
Her voice was quiet yet strong.
“I will,” Fanchon said.
“There’s something I want you to have,” Father said as he stood up.
Fanchon and Mother followed into the main room. Father took down a wooden box from the top shelf.
“This has been passed down from Malak who made it shortly after they arrived in the valley. It has never been opened. Father told me it is thought to contain a knife.”
Fanchon held out his hands and Father placed the box on them. The wood was warm to the touch and a line began to show around the sides before it opened on its own.
“Did you do that?” Mother asked and Fanchon shook his head.
“There are metal hinges,” Father said as Fanchon stared at the knife.
The knife was a hunting knife and there was a leather sheath that could be tied to a belt. In the top of the box was a piece of paper. Fanchon sat down and set the box on his lap. He picked up the knife. The hilt was not made of wood, but was shades of brown in layers that were polished smooth. Other than that there was nothing remarkable about the knife or the sheath. He picked up the paper and opened it.
“Grandson,” he began reading out loud. “You will need this on your journey. Fulfill your destiny for all of Glynis, Asculum and Trinan depend upon it. With love and hope, Malak.”
“I’ve heard this land called Asculum, but I’ve never heard of Trinan,” Father said.
“Perhaps we’ll never know, but someday someone will,” Mother said as there was a knock at the door.
“That would be my group,” Fanchon said as he sheathed the knife and tied it to his belt. “I’m the leader.”
Father hugged him then Mother hugged him and kissed his cheek.
“Safe journey,” Father said as there was another knock.
Fanchon opened the door to see the entire group waiting.
“Everyone’s ready,” Jerron said.
“One last stop then we’re on our way,” Fanchon said. “We need to stop at the seer’s house.”
Some exchanged puzzled glances and shrugged. Others nodded. He led them down the street to the seer’s home. He’d passed it plenty of times and hoped to catch a glimpse of Aloysia, but never actually went up to the door. As they approached the door it opened and the seer gestured them forward.
“I’ve been expecting you, Fanchon,” the seer said. “I know you’re ready, but you should wait until morning to leave. Go spend one last night with your families and meet here in the morning.”
Everyone turned to him and he nodded. He turned to leave, but felt a hand on his shoulder.
“We need to talk,” the seer said as Fanchon turned around. “Come in and have some tea.”
Fanchon followed him inside.
“Sit,” the seer said and indicated a chair opposite the door.
Fanchon sat as the seer poured tea into a cup. The cup was hot when the seer handed it to him. He poured another for himself and sat down.
“I’ve waited for this day for many years,” he began. “There is so much I cannot tell you, but I know you will be a strong and respected leader for the rest of your life.”
“Me, Sir?” Fanchon asked. 
“Please call me Rollan,” the seer said as he nodded. “This journey of yours is very important. It will bring about the fulfillment of the riddle. You and all of your group must put aside everything that is Glynis to survive in the outside world. You must not use your talents or reveal your ages. You must never use your glows again either. When you find the volcano you will have found your home and a powerful ally.”
“I don’t understand,” Fanchon said after sipping at the hot tea.
“You will find a friend that can read the deepest secrets of your mind and heart. A friend like nothing you’ve ever seen before. Remember one can have claws and scales yet still have intelligence and a soul,” Rollan said as Fanchon drank more of the tea. “I have something for you. I am entrusting to you something very dear to both of us.”
Rollan set down his tea and handed Fanchon a package.
“Change your clothes. I’ll be right back,” Rollan said and left the room closing the door behind him.
Why would he need to change clothes? Fanchon opened the package and nearly dropped it when he saw the white shirt and pants inside. He wasn’t getting married. Or was he? He hadn’t even thought about it especially with his plans to leave. He quickly changed into the white clothes trusting that Rollan had a really good reason.
Chapter Three: Surprise Wedding
Soon after Fanchon finished changing into the white clothes the door opened, but instead of Rollan the regis and regina walked into the room. Fanchon quickly bowed to them.
“Come forward Fanchon,” Regis Kober said as Regina Lurinna pulled a cloth off something at the far end of the room.
He followed Regis Kober over to Regina Lurinna. She stood next to a double bench with a backrest in the middle. He stared at it. As he heard the door open again he realized this was definitely a wedding bench and he was getting married. He looked up to see Rollan leading a woman in white to the bench. Her face was covered by a veil. Behind them were Fanchon’s parents and grandmother.  When Rollan lifted the veil Fanchon felt his heart pounding. Aloysia glanced at her father who nodded with a smile.
“Is this what you want Fanchon?” Aloysia asked.
“With all of my heart,” Fanchon replied as he knelt on the bench and held out his hands.
She knelt and put her hands in his. 
“We are assembled on this day to celebrate the wedding of Aloysia and Fanchon,” Regina Lurinna said. “They have proven their love for each other and now declare it to the world. Fanchon, do you take this woman to love, honor and cherish until the end of your time?”
“I do,” Fanchon said without hesitation as he looked at Aloysia’s beautiful blue eyes.
Regina Lurinna said, “Aloysia, do you take this man to love, honor and cherish until the end of your time?”
“I do,” Aloysia said with a smile.
“Then let no barrier stand between these two,” Regina Lurinna said as she pulled on the back and it folded down. “Let it be known to all that from this moment on they are husband and wife. You may now kiss your bride.”
As they kissed Fanchon’s pulse was racing. Her hands pulled from his and found their way around his neck as he wrapped his arms around her waist pulling her body against his. When they broke off the kiss her head fell to rest on his shoulder as they both gasped for breath. He heard both laughter and crying. He turned to see Mother and Grandmother hugging and crying. Rollan was laughing and Father was grinning as he shook his head. Fanchon hugged Aloysia before releasing her from his arms and helping her to stand up. Mother and Grandmother hugged them both. When they finally got free from the teary embrace Father put his hand on Fanchon’s shoulder.
“I’m proud of you, Son,” he said. “Even though I know I’ll never see you again I’m happy for you. I know you’ve never been much of a follower. I’m glad you’re finally able to lead because that is what you were born to do.”
“We place our hopes and futures in your hands,” Regis Kober said. “Rollan explained your mission. We know that it will be several generations before the circle becomes complete, but we have faith that it will when the time is right.”
“I’ve known for a long time that you two belonged together,” Rollan said. “I see struggles that will strengthen you. Others have faith in you Fanchon but by the time you find your home that faith in your leadership will have been tested and proven. Your last male heir living in that home will face struggles that will threaten to destroy him, but know that he will be far stronger than he realizes. That strength will be critical to our people returning to their true home.”
“When Sethan left we had a fight and he left this behind,” Mother said as she held out a bracelet that matched the one she always wore. “I want you to take it and wear it. If you find him.”
“When,” Rollan interrupted.
“When you find him this will convince him to come home,” Mother finished. “He will recognize it.”
“I will do everything I can to convince him to come home,” Fanchon said as she put the bracelet on his arm. “I promise I will take my role as leader seriously. I know as leader I am responsible for the health and safety of every member of the group.”
“Remember that you must take care to obey the laws of the nations you travel through,” Regina Lurinna said. “Try to remain as inconspicuous as possible and don’t let their battles become your own.”
“I will communicate that to our entire group. We’ve been learning the language spoken outside Glynis,” Fanchon said as he nodded. “We should get Aloysia’s things packed and loaded.”
“Afterwards come to the palace for supper tonight,” Regina Lurinna said.
It took some time for them to pack Aloysia’s belongings. They went to several shops to supplement their supplies to account for Aloysia. They were on their way to the cave when they came across Jerron and his parents.
“We’re glad you’re leading the group, Fanchon,” Jerron’s father said. “Try to keep Jerron in line.”
“I will,” he replied.
“Fanchon is as irritating as you are at times Father,” Jerron said. “But I know he’s always right. I thought you were all packed already.”
“Aloysia is coming with us,” Fanchon said. “We got married.”
“You’re joking,” Jerron said. “I know you’ve been crazy about each other for years, but I thought.”
“It was Father’s idea and I couldn’t be happier,” Aloysia said. “Regina Lurinna herself married us.”
“It’s what I’ve always wanted,” Fanchon said before giving her a quick kiss.
“That explains the invitation we just got,” Jerron’s mother said as she held out a piece of paper.
“You are invited to come to the palace for supper tonight,” Aloysia read.
“We’ll see you there,” Fanchon said. “Let’s get these things loaded so we can get an early start.”
It was a long walk to the cave with the heavy load. Everything barely fit into the carts.
“I see you’ve prepared for a long journey,” Aloysia said. “I’m a little nervous and sad about leaving home.”
“Now where you are is my home,” Fanchon said as he stroked her beautiful face. “I hope Jerron will be alright on the trip, but I don’t think he’s ready to settle down to one woman and get married yet.”
She laughed and said, “All of my friends have spent time with him, but said the same thing.”
They walked hand in hand back to Rollan’s house. He met them at the front walk with a bag over his shoulder.
“I brought the wedding clothes for you to change back into,” he said.
“I’m going to miss you Father,” Aloysia said as she hugged him. “Sarah asked about you again while we were at her shop. You know her husband died ten years ago.”
“Maybe it’s time I get married again,” Rollan said. “The one thing I can’t see is my own future.”
Chapter Four: Goodbye Dinner
As Fanchon and Aloysia walked towards the palace with her father, Aloysia suddenly shouted, “Mara!”
Fanchon found himself pulled along as she caught up to Mara.
“Mara! I’ve got the most wonderful and sad news!” Aloysia exclaimed as she released his hand and hugged Mara.
“What? Wonderful and sad?” Mara asked then saw him. “Fanchon?”
“We’re married!” Aloysia exclaimed.
“But we’re leaving first thing in the morning,” Fanchon finished for her.
“For how long?” Mara asked as Rollan caught up to them.
“We’re not coming back,” Aloysia said.
“No, you must come back sometime,” Mara cried as she held on to Aloysia.
“It’s what they are meant to do,” Rollan said. “It’s critical they leave and never return to Glynis.”
“I’ll miss you Mara, but this is goodbye,” Aloysia said and hugged her again.
“We don’t want to be late,” Fanchon said and took Aloysia’s hand in his.
They left Mara and continued on to the palace. The guards let them in along with some other members of their group. They were led through the large courtyard where meetings were held and into a large dining room where some of the group already waited with their families. A servant greeted them and asked Fanchon and Aloysia to follow her. Rollan handed him the bag he had been carrying. She led them out of the dining room and down the hall.
“Regina Lurinna said that you would want to change your clothes,” the woman said as she opened a door. “I’ll wait here to guide you back.”
They went inside the room and shut the door. It appeared to be some sort of small sitting room. Fanchon set the bag on one of the chairs before pulling out the wedding clothes. He pulled off his shirt and his boots. He looked up to see Aloysia staring at him. She began to blush.
“What?” he asked.
Her hand trembled as she reached toward him. He stepped forward and her hand retreated.
“I . . . I . . . your . . .” she stuttered.
He smiled and gently put her hand on his chest.
“So solid,” she whispered softly.
“Let’s get changed. We’ll get back to this later when no one is waiting for us,” he said softly before kissing her.
She nodded and began to undo her dress. He removed his pants and pulled on the white ones. He glanced up to catch a glimpse of her just before the white dress covered her up again. He was anxious to get through supper so they could be alone. They were soon dressed and he put their cloths in the bag.
When they opened the door the servant led them to the dining room where everyone was already seated. The only two chairs left empty were at the head of the table.
“These are your seats,” the servant said.
Fanchon didn’t argue. He heard the questions concerning if he and Aloysia were married. Regis Kober and Regina Lurinna came in.
“Thank you for coming,” Regina Lurinna said. “Our hope for the future lies in the hands of those leaving us tomorrow. Our gratitude is for those who remain knowing they’ll never see their loved ones again. Tonight you are here to celebrate and say goodbye. Lady Aloysia and her husband are responsible to lead and rule over any new settlement they establish.”
“Earlier today Fanchon and Lady Aloysia were married. Although you are our honored guests we will allow you this time in privacy. Stay as long as you wish,” Regis Kober said.
They left and servants began bringing in enough food to feed twice their number. There was a single plate for Fanchon and Aloysia to symbolize that as husband and wife they were now one. They fed each other and enjoyed the conversation. Mother, Father and Grandmother kept questioning them about what they were taking to make certain they had everything. Rollan chuckled as he listened. When the meal was at last done everyone came by to offer their congratulations before leaving. As they began to leave the servant approached them again.
“A suite has been prepared for you to stay in tonight,” the woman said. “A carriage will take you to Rollan’s home in the morning to meet with the rest of your group.”
They said goodbye to their family and followed the servant. They went down the same hall which came out into a covered path around a garden. There were doors along the path. The servant opened the door immediately left of the one they had come out of.
“There is an attached bathing chamber. If you need anything pull the cord next to the door.”
She then bowed and went back through the door they had just exited. They went inside and found a comfortable sitting room. There was an open door that led to the bedchamber that was beautifully decorated and lit by lamps and candles. Fanchon set the bag of clothes on a bench at the foot of the bed.
“One last night in a soft bed,” Aloysia said.
“Then we sleep in a tent or under the stars,” Fanchon added as he sat next to the bag and pulled off his boots.
“Father had me learn the outside language, but I thought it a waste of time,” she said. “Now I know why he did. I still can’t believe this is all really happening.”
“I feel the same way and it was my idea,” Fanchon said.
“What made you decide to leave Glynis? Were you looking for adventure?” she asked.
“No, I couldn’t seem to keep a job because I wanted to be in charge and well . . .”
He hesitated.
“What?”
“I wanted to get closer to you, but didn’t dare because of your father,” he admitted as he stood up and faced her. “I think I’ve loved you for the last ten years, but figured it was hopeless to even try. Now here we are together with your father’s blessings. It’s beyond any future I dared imagine for myself. Yesterday I heard you talking to Mara. I was in the tree above you. It broke my heart to hear the hurt in your voice as you said you didn’t have a choice in who you married.”
“But I did get the only one I ever wanted,” she said as she began to unbutton his shirt.
He leaned down to kiss her softly as her hands found his bare skin. Her kiss became more passionate and demanding. His heart was pounding as his shirt dropped to the floor.
Chapter Five: Building a Bridge

Fanchon slowly woke from having the most wonderful dream about being married to Aloysia and making her his wife. Something soft moved against him and he was suddenly wide awake. He looked around the unfamiliar room as he realized he was not alone in the bed.
“Fanchon?” Aloysia’s voice asked. “What’s the matter?”
He looked at her as she sat up. The memories came flooding back filling him with joy.
“Nothing,” he replied as he sat up. “Everything is perfectly right.”
“Yes it is,” she replied before kissing him passionately. “We had best be getting ready to leave.”
They bathed before getting dressed. Aloysia was braiding her hair and Fanchon was putting the wedding clothes into the bag as there was a knock on the outer door. Fanchon hurried to open the door.
“Follow me, please,” the woman at the door said.
She led them to a small dining room where the regis and regina waited.  It was strange to eat breakfast with them before they rode in a carriage to Rollan’s house. Even though it was very early it seemed that most of the city was there. Teary goodbyes were exchanged before Fanchon and Aloysia led the group to the cave to collect the two wagons. It was hard work to pull the wagons up the road leading out of the valley.
“I’ll be glad to find some horses to pull these wagons,” Jerron muttered between gritted teeth.
Several others agreed. It took them five long days to reach the end of the snows and another three to find a road. Fanchon consulted the rough map he had complied from those who had returned from outside of Glynis.
“East or west?” asked Tor, the oldest of the group.
His wife Mari looked exhausted.
“There’s Fleeshna to the east and Thalfor to the west, but really we need to head south to find the grasslands where the horses roam wild,” Fanchon replied using the language of the outside world. “There should be a fork in the road west of here if this map is accurate. We’ll travel west to the fork and south from there. Why don’t we rest and eat before continuing? It should be easier going on the road.”
That seemed to cheer everyone up. Soon they were eating and talking among themselves. Fanchon realized that although they must conceal their language and abilities, there would be times when there was no other option. He knew that catching a wild horse would be impossible let alone four or more, but since Jerron could speak to animals he would be able to convince some horses to pull the wagons or be ridden. Most of the members of the group could shape metal and stone, but that was a very common talent. He had no idea what talent Aloysia had.
“What are you thinking?” she asked softly as he felt her hand on his knee.
“I can shape wood with a touch of my hand, but I just realized I don’t know what your talent is,” he replied as he met her eyes.
“I never found my talent,” she answered as she looked away. “I guess it doesn’t matter anymore. I suppose that my cooking is the only talent that I have that matters.”
“This is delicious,” Fanchon said and she looked up again. “We might have to sleep on the ground, but we’ll be well fed.”
They continued their journey and found the fork in the road just before noon the following day. They had gotten strange looks from travelers who passed them. Some had cattle pulling their wagons instead of horses. Fanchon paid close attention to how the animals were connected to the wagons and carts. They came across a river and found some men building a bridge. Fanchon gathered the group together.
“I’d much rather pull wagons across a bridge,” he said and saw everyone nod in agreement. “While the women cook a meal, let’s help get that bridge finished.”
“I brought my bow,” Sarma said. “I’ll see if I can kill a deer. I’ll need help carrying it.”
Fanchon nodded and signaled his friends to follow him to the riverside.
“Would you like some help?” Fanchon asked the men who stopped when they approached. “Our wives are going to prepare a meal while we work.”
The men stared at him and then looked at Tor.
“Fanchon is our leader,” Tor said.
“He’s much younger than you,” one of the men said.
“Age doesn’t insure wisdom or ability to lead,” Fallon said. “Besides we’d much rather use a bridge than pull the wagons through the river.”
“Why not have horses or cattle pull the wagons?” another man asked.
“We felt the food and supplies would be far more valuable for now,” Fanchon replied. “In time we will have horses and cattle. I see you are nearly ready to put wood beams across to the other side. We could start cutting trees to make the beams.”
“That would be a big help,” the oldest man said.
Soon they had found some tall straight trees to make the beams from. It was tempting to use his talent, but Fanchon used an axe instead. By the time they had enough wood to finish the bridge, the food smelled delicious.
Aloysia came over and said, “Take a break and come eat. Sarma killed a deer so there’s enough for everyone.”
The members of his group started over to the fire, but the other men were still working.
“Come eat,” Fanchon said.
“You’re helping us build the bridge and feeding us?” the oldest man asked. “What do you want in return?”
“Just to cross the bridge when it’s done,” Fanchon said. “To you it might seem a small price, but to us it is far better than risking our lives and belongings trying to cross the river.”
The man signaled to the others and they followed Fanchon over to the fire. The men were obviously hungry and grateful for the meal. They asked Fanchon questions about where they were going and why, but Fanchon just said they had been asked to start a village further south. He found out more about some of the lands to the south. One of the men had travelled through much of the west and was able to confirm where the map was accurate and fill in some of the blank areas. After the meal they got back to work on the bridge.
Chapter Six: Are You a Wizard?

It was near noon the following day when Fallon said, “Is this the last dowel?”
He hit it one last time to set it level with the beam while Fanchon looked over the completed bridge.
“I believe so,” Fanchon said and the oldest man nodded.
“Thank you for your help,” the man said. “We would have been working for another four days without your help.”
“And none of us cook nearly as well as your wife does,” another man commented as Aloysia approached.
“Lunch is ready,” Aloysia said. “Is it finished?”
“You can be the first to cross it,” the oldest man said with a smile.
As the rest of the men started towards the camp the oldest man put his hand on Fanchon’s arm.
“I had a question for you,” the man said quietly and Fanchon nodded. “When my father was a young boy he met a man named Sethan. Father said that Sethan glowed orange when he slept and told father that he came from a valley of wizards. When you were sleeping last night I noticed a faint orange glow around you just like he had when he slept. Are you a wizard?”
“Yes, I am related to Sethan through his sister,” Fanchon said.
“My parents told me anyone able to do magic was very dangerous,” the man said.
“Our magic is a tool, not a weapon. Each can do a very specific thing with their magic. We are no more dangerous than you are,” Fanchon replied. “How long ago did he last see Sethan?”
“About seventy five years ago,” the man said. “He’s probably dead by now.”
“Still I would like to know what happened to him.”
“Show me what magic you can do and I will tell you where he said he was going,” the man replied.
Fanchon motioned him over to a nearby tree. Fanchon stood so that he was hidden from the camp by the tree and grasped a dead limb that was only as long as his forearm. The limb separated from the tree and the man gasped. Fanchon pulled the ends and soon had it lengthened into a bow.
“For you,” Fanchon said. “I can work wood with my bare hands, but like the rest of my group I know that people fear what they don’t understand so we must hide our abilities.”
“My bow broke the day before you arrived,” the man said with a smile. “Sethan said he was heading south and west.”
“Thank you. Let’s go eat.”
The men thanked them before they crossed the bridge to continue south.  The smooth road was easier to pull the carts over. After passing through a tiny village they travelled another day and a half before the forest thinned and was replaced by grasslands with short bushes. It was another day before they found a group of horses. They followed the horses off the road before camping for the night. A large black horse paced between them and the rest of the herd. The horse whinnied and snorted, pawing at the ground with his hoof.
“The lead horse is very wary of us,” Jerron commented softly as he and Fanchon stood watching the horses in the fading light. “He has warned me not to approach the herd.”
“Then it is him you must talk to,” Fanchon replied.
“Come and talk. We promise no harm will come to you. You can see the others are lying down to sleep. This is our leader,” Jerron said and motioned to Fanchon.
The horse reared up on its hind legs and pawed at the air.
“He will strike us if we move,” Jerron said.
“Understood,” Fanchon said as he nodded.
The stallion finally moved closer until it was an arm’s reach away from them.
“We seek any of your kind that would be willing to pull our carts or carry one of us,” Jerron said. “We promise they will be well cared for and treated kindly.”
The horse snorted and made some soft noises.
“No, we will not be returning to this place. We hope to find a home which they will share. We will find a place of grass with water available,” Jerron said and the horse responded again. “No, we don’t expect all females, but if you could spare one or two then a new herd could be formed in the new home.”
The horse whinnied and snorted again before looking directly at Fanchon and sniffing at him. Fanchon held perfectly still.
“He is good, kind and wise. He will make certain they are well cared for,” Jerron said and Fanchon nodded. “My own father entrusted me to him.”
The horse made some noises before turning and leaving.
“He will decide by morning about the females, but he has some young males that he has been driving away for the last couple of years. They’ve been more persistent than others in the past. He wants rid of them and will convince them to come with us.”
“Good. Let’s get some sleep. We’ll have work to do in the morning to ready the harnesses and carts.”
Fanchon settled into the bedroll next to Aloysia. Now that she was a titled noble woman she deserved a home worthy of her title. He thought about building her such a castle as he fell asleep.
Chapter Seven: Working for Supplies

Fanchon was awakened by something soft nudging his cheek. He opened his eyes to find the black stallion standing over him.
“Jerron, wake up,” Fanchon said without moving. “Lie still Aloysia.”
The horse lifted his head and made some noises.
“He’s made his decision,” Jerron said as Fanchon carefully sat up.
The horse backed up allowing Fanchon to stand. There were almost twenty horses in a group behind the stallion. Some were very young.
“These horses are to come with us. Not all of them are old enough to be ridden or pull a cart,” Jerron said.
“We are grateful,” Fanchon said and bowed to the stallion who nodded before turning and galloping off toward where the rest of the herd remained.
He approached the group of remaining horses slowly and heard Aloysia follow him. He reached out to a young black stallion who sniffed at his hand before moving forward to sniff his face and make soft noises.
“He will be your horse,” Jerron said. “He says he is called the blackness before the sun rises.”
“That’s a little long,” Fanchon said. “Would he be alright with me calling him Midnight?”
The horse nodded. He heard a giggle and turned to find Aloysia stroking the neck of a white mare.
“She is called the white bones of the fallen,” Jerron said.
“Such a sad name for such a beautiful creature,” Aloysia said. “What if I call her Snowy?”
The horse nodded and nuzzled her cheek. Soon all the horses were named and matched pairs were chosen to pull the carts. It took some time for them to get the harnesses on the horses and adjusted. At last they were ready to travel. At the end of the day Fanchon was sore from riding. They had no saddles, but had rigged a harness of sorts to give loops for stirrups. They still got odd looks from passing travelers.
It was nearly ten days over grassy plains, through forests and mountains before they arrived in a large city. The residents called it Ikthalmai. They did some work for different shopkeepers in exchange for saddles, bridles and additional supplies. The people seemed a bit wary of them at first, but the blacksmith was happy for the help when he realized Fanchon knew what he was doing. They stayed two months before leaving.
The winter snows made the journey slow and sleeping in tents cold. They passed through a few villages over the next several months. In each place they helped the villagers in exchange for things they needed to continue their journey. Speaking the language was getting easier. They found a city called Sirl am Mond. The people there were friendly once they offered to work for supplies.  One day Fanchon found a man standing with his hand on the door latch of a shop and his head on the door.
“Is something the matter?” he asked the man as he climbed down from the cart seat.
“This was my uncle’s shop,” the man said. “He had no children and none of the family wants anything to do with his things.”
“He died recently?” Fanchon asked and the man looked up at him.
“A month ago,” the man said. “Since I’m the eldest of the family I need to clean out his shop and dispose of his things. He valued his business over friends and family. He made jewelry and many enemies among his competitors. I’ve tried getting someone to buy the business, but none want anything to do with it.”
“Is there anything I can help you with?” Fanchon asked. “I don’t have money to buy a business, but I could help you clean out the shop so you can see if there is something of value you could sell.”
The man stared at him.
“What would you want in return then?” the man asked at last.
Fanchon shrugged his shoulders and said, “My friends and I are travelling and they all have work they are doing in exchange for food and other supplies. Perhaps there is something among his things that could prove useful when we find a place to build our home.”
“My own wife refused to help me clean out this place,” the man said as he opened the door. “I am glad to let you help me.”
They entered the small dusty shop. There was a solid counter that cut the room in half. They were forced to climb over it to get to the back of the shop. Everything was locked up tight.
“He lived upstairs,” the man said. “Perhaps the key is up there somewhere.”
He opened a door and found a hall. There was a door at one end and stairs at the other. Fanchon followed him up the stairs.  There was a single room that had a bed in one corner and a kitchen in the opposite corner. There was a table with a single chair. As Fanchon put his hand on top of the post at the end of the stairs he felt that the wood was hollow.
“There’s really not much here,” the man muttered as he opened a drawer in a night stand. “The key to the door was on his body when he was killed, but nothing else.”
Fanchon knocked the post top with his elbow as he began to cross to the kitchen and the decorative top popped off onto the floor. The man spun around and looked as Fanchon picked up the top.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to break,” Fanchon began.
“Wait. What’s that?” the man said as he pointed to the post.
The man crossed the room and Fanchon joined him. There was a box that had been hidden under the top piece. Inside was a small ring of keys.
“He never trusted anyone,” the man commented as he lifted out the keys. “It would have been impossible to find these.”
The keys indeed fit the locks on the cabinets behind the counter in the shop. They also found a door in the floor beneath the stairs that was opened by one of the keys. In the cellar they found the jewelry making tools and more than enough gold and gemstones to make the man very rich. 
“Half of this should be yours,” the man said as Fanchon looked at a beautiful ring that was lying next to the tools on the table.
“That’s way too much,” Fanchon protested. “Maybe just this ring for my wife.”
“You can have the entire table along with anything on or in it,” the man said. “I don’t think anyone else would touch it, but the rest I can definitely sell.”
“I’m just happy to help,” Fanchon said. 
“I’ll help you load it into your cart.”
Chapter Eight: The Mountain Temple

“We were beginning to wonder what happened to you,” Jerron said as Fanchon arrived at camp.
“You had me so worried,” Aloysia said as she came over.
“What is all this?” Marcus asked as he and his wife Leora looked at the cart.
“I helped a man whose uncle had died leaving him a jewelry business. This is what he paid me for my help,” Fanchon said. “All I wanted was this for you.”
He held out the beautiful ring to Aloysia.
“It’s far too fancy,” she said. “This is something a regina would wear.”
“Regina Lurinna herself titled you Lady Aloysia and appointed us to lead the group,” Fanchon said as he slipped it onto her finger.
“It’s a bit loose,” she said.
Raynor’s wife Malika touched it and it adjusted to a perfect fit.
“Keep it,” Ferron said. “Fanchon is right. You are Lady Aloysia.”
The next morning they continued their journey south. The road turned east before they came to a city. The residents told them the kingdom was called Okiah. Fanchon noticed that many of the people looked him over very closely and some even bowed slightly. One old man stopped them in the middle of the street.
“Can you take my prayer to the mountain temple?” the man asked as he held up a scroll of paper to Fanchon. “I am too feeble to take it there myself. I can offer your companions a place to stay until you return.”
“The mountain temple?” Fanchon asked as the man put the scroll in his hand.
“I know you must be going there for that symbol is carved on the gate of the temple,” the man said pointing to the bracelet Fanchon wore.
Fanchon glanced at Aloysia who nodded.
“I’ll take it for you,” Fanchon said. “My wife and companions will stay with you.”
“Come stay the night before beginning your journey,” the man said. “My name is Aricor.”
Fanchon dismounted and walked beside the man. They went down a side street and soon arrived at a large gate. Two men bowed with their hands palm together and thumbs on their foreheads before opening the gate. Aricor led them into a courtyard and clapped his hands. Soon their horses were cared for and they were sitting at a large table eating with Aricor and his family. They learned a lot about Okiah from the man who was the cousin of the king. Not long ago they had been a savage people. There was much sickness in the kingdom. At a time when all thought they would not survive the Great Wizard Priest had come to teach them how to be a civilized people. He taught them how to cleanse themselves from the sickness. When they tried to pray to him, he told them to pray to the ancestors that had created them. He taught them prayers of gratitude and prayers of calming. The Great Wizard Priest had taught them to respect the dead by burning them in a funeral ceremony instead of leaving their bodies to be devoured by animals. 
“The symbol you wear is the symbol of the Great Wizard Priest himself,” Aricor said.
“How long ago did this Great Wizard Priest appear?” Fanchon asked.
“Almost seventy years ago,” Aricor replied. “I was a young boy at the time. I was near death when he came and healed me with herbs. Rumors say he might still live. Our king gave him his three daughters as his wives and all Wizard Priests descend from him or the royal family.”
“Do you know his name?” Fanchon pressed.
“It is too holy to speak aloud without cause but every morning I thank the ancestors for Se-Than coming to us,” he said softly. “I don’t remember much except his eyes. You have the same eyes.”
“I am certain it is no accident that we met Aricor. If he is who I think he is I descend from his sister. I am charged with uncovering his fate that hearts and old wounds might be healed.”
Aricor placed his hands together thumbs to his forehead and bowed his head to Fanchon. After the meal was completed they were given rooms to stay in.  Aricor showed Fanchon a room with a map of Okiah painted on the wall. Fanchon noticed the road to the mountain temple and added it to his own map. Early the next morning Fanchon kissed Aloysia goodbye and started his journey to the mountain temple. Aricor had packed some food for him in a bag. He followed the road which dwindled to a narrow cart path eventually leading up into the mountains until he was faced by a tall wall and a gate flanked by two men in matching robes sitting cross-legged on stone slabs. On the gate was carved the symbol from the bracelet. Fanchon dismounted and put his hands together bowing with his thumbs to his forehead. The men replied in kind before standing.
“What is your purpose here today?” one of them asked.
“I bring a prayer from the cousin of the king,” he replied. “I also come seeking knowledge.”
He pushed back his sleeve to fully reveal the bracelet he wore. The two men looked from it to him and each other before quickly opening the gate. One of the men ran across a courtyard to enter a building. He soon returned with a cloaked figure. Fanchon pressed his hands together and bowed again before revealing the bracelet. He was signaled forward by the cloaked figure. He was led into the building and up some stairs to a circular room lined with shelves. The figure motioned to a low table and a cushion. Fanchon sat down. The person turned and went up some stairs out of sight.
Fanchon looked around wondering who this mysterious person was and if he knew where Uncle Sethan was. He sat looking around the room and noticed the same symbol repeated in the decoration. It was the symbol from the bracelet.
Chapter Nine: The Great Wizard Priest
Fanchon heard footsteps upstairs as though someone was pacing. That worried him a bit but all he could do is wait. He looked around the room again to see if he could figure out more about this mysterious person. Obviously Uncle Sethan had been here at one time since the symbol from the bracelet was to be found on the furniture, the shelves and even on the doors. Obviously he had thought about the twin sister that he had left behind as frequently as she thought about him.
At last the cloaked figure came down the stairs holding something wrapped in cloth. The person set it on the table in front of Fanchon and pushed it toward him. The person’s silence puzzled him as he began to unwrap the long slender item. In the center of the fabric he found a bow that was broken in two places. Fanchon looked up and tried to see the face hidden in the shadows of the hooded cloak. The figure gestured to the broken bow.
“You expect me to repair the bow?” Fanchon asked and the figure nodded.
Fanchon picked up two of the pieces and fit them together, healing the wood. He picked up the final piece and fit it into place willing the wood to both heal and form a permanent bond which tempered the wood against future breakage.
When he looked up the man pulled back his hood revealing a youthful face that looked both like Mother’s and his own.
“Uncle Sethan?” Fanchon asked and the man nodded. “Mother sent this with me to convince you to come home. She and Grandmother frequently talk about you and cry.”
He removed the bracelet and held it out.
“I’ve shed my share of tears over leaving,” Uncle Sethan said softly as he gently took the bracelet from Fanchon. “When I left the seer stopped me and said that I must return when three pieces are reunited. He said I had important work to be done before I could return.”
“From what I have been told you saved these people and shaped their civilization,” Fanchon said.
“I thought I would be finding a new home for our own people,” he replied as he finished tying on the bracelet.
“No, that is my duty. It will be many years before our people are ready to leave Glynis,” Fanchon said.
“My work here is done then,” he said as he stood up. “My wives are dead, but my sons and grandsons will continue my work. They know the day will come when I must leave. I have hidden my face for many years since I do not age as quickly as they do. You were just a boy when I left but now you are a grown man.”
“With a wife of my own,” Fanchon said as he stood. “Lady Aloysia, daughter of the seer.”
“Lady?” Uncle Sethan asked with a raised eyebrow.
“Titled by Regina Lurinna herself after she married us,” he replied.
“Come eat supper with us. We can talk later,” Uncle Sethan said as he raised his hood.
When they entered the dining room all of the men were standing behind their seats. They all bowed with their hands together thumbs to their foreheads. Uncle Sethan led him to the other end of the room.
“My dear children,” Uncle Sethan began. “I have long known this day would come. My time is coming to an end. It is time for me to appoint a new Great Wizard Priest. You are all well prepared to continue the work I started. I appoint Ki-Mal as my successor. I will leave at dawn with Fanchon who has come to lead me back to my honored ancestors. Ki-Mal will now lead us in prayer.”
The prayer was simple and heartfelt. The meal was eaten in silence but Fanchon noticed most of the men wiping tears as they ate. After they finished the meal the men came up one by one and hugged Uncle Sethan before turning to him. Each asked him to care for their Great Wizard Priest during his journey from this world to the next. Ki-Mal was the last one remaining when the rest had left the dining hall. Uncle Sethan lowered his hood.
“Aricor, cousin of the king, has sent this prayer,” Fanchon said and held out the scroll. “My wife and our companions are waiting for me at his home.”
“I’ll take care of it,” Ki-Mal said as he took the scroll.
“Fanchon is my nephew, Ki-Mal” Uncle Sethan said. “His mother is my twin.”
“I shall miss you Father,” Ki-Mal said. “I know it is time for you to return home. I will make certain your legacy continues here in Okiah.”
“I know you will,” Uncle Sethan said as he hugged him.
“I’ve had dreams for almost a year now about this day coming. I am surprised how much your face resembles the one from my dream,” Ki-Mal said as he turned to Fanchon. “You are not returning home with Father.”
“No,” Fanchon acknowledged.
“Your fate lies to the east,” Ki-Mal said.
“Come we will talk in my chambers,” Uncle Sethan said as he raised the hood on his cloak.
Fanchon and Ki-Mal followed Uncle Sethan back to the tower room. Fanchon wondered what he could learn from Ki-Mal about where they should travel next.
Chapter Ten: Visions and Guidance
Fanchon sat down to the table with Uncle Sethan and his son, Ki-Mal as he wondered what Ki-Mal had seen in his visions.
“I have this map that we have been using during our travels,” Fanchon said as he laid it open on the table. “I wasn’t able to get much information south of Nak am Mer to the east.”
“South east of here is the kingdom of Mannton,” Uncle Sethan said as he indicated on the map. “I went there once, but was very saddened by what I found. While the people of Okiah were savage, they were equal. In Mannton there was a sickness that killed many of their women. The men captured Okiahan women and some were brought by ship. The women were treated as unintelligent animals; bought, sold and enslaved.”
“They still are according to what I’ve heard,” Ki-Mal said as he nodded. “There is nothing you can do besides find your new home. One of your descendants will help the only person who can open the eyes of Mannton’s men and make women equal in that kingdom.”
Fanchon nodded, stunned by what he was hearing
“Directly east of Okiah is Brinley,” Uncle Sethan said as he pointed. “They are generally a good people, but their royal house is corrupt and violent.”
“In time that will change,” Ki-Mal said. “A new bloodline must take control before mingling with the bloodline of their ancient kings. Only then will love and compassion be paired with wisdom to rule Brinley.”
“North of Brinley is the hilltop kingdom of Burton,” Uncle Sethan said. “They are a good people with a strong but wise royal house.”
“You must pass through Burton before you can find your true home,” Ki-Mal said. “A friend will be lost, but the choice is his to make.”
Fanchon nodded numbly.
“What I see is that your true home is guarded by fierce defenders who can fly. They are waiting for you,” Ki-Mal said.
“That doesn’t sound good,” Uncle Sethan said with a frown as Fanchon remembered Rollan’s words.
“That agrees with what the seer told me before I left,” Fanchon said. “He said that I would find a friend like no other.”
“Once that bond is made there is no further danger for Fanchon and his companions. The only danger is from within, but that single incident will both wound and strengthen his descendant. It will prepare him for the journey that lies before him,” Ki-Mal said. “Fanchon, you are a true leader. Where you lead others will follow. Remember that you must not let the conflicts of others become your own. Keep your rule within your own borders.”
“My rule?” Fanchon asked.
“There is only a single culture where the ruling power is passed from mother to daughter, the one you left and I must return to,” Uncle Sethan said.
“It is when that culture arrives within your borders that the truth of the past will be revealed,” Ki-Mal said. “You will not live to see that day, but your descendant will as he bears a sword forged by your hands. It will not be remembered, but it will be your wife that gives the blade the qualities that set it apart from all other blades forged in the known kingdoms before or after. Her talent is an ancient one that hasn’t been needed for many generations. It binds a weapon to a single warrior. All not worthy to claim it will suffer the consequences. She will only need to use her talent this one time.”
Fanchon stared at Ki-Mal as his message seared into his mind.
“Are you alright? You went pale,” Uncle Sethan said as he put his hand on Fanchon’s shoulder.
“I tried many different jobs, but was told the same thing over and over again. All of the people I worked for said I expected to be in charge, not follow. When I decided to leave six of my friends along with their wives said they would follow me. The only member of our group younger than me isn’t married, but it was me they would follow,” Fanchon said. “I never thought I would be important to anyone outside of my family.”
“This fate is both chosen for you and shaped by your own hands,” Ki-Mal said. “You are free to refuse it, but know that you are important to many people.”
“Prepare some bitter tea,” Uncle Sethan said. “We should meditate and pray tonight.”
Ki-Mal nodded and left.
“I know how you must feel. Kind of like I felt when I realized the responsibility I had taken on when I saved these people from destroying themselves.”
Fanchon turned and met Uncle Sethan’s eyes.
“You and I share a bloodline,” he said. “And you descend from royal blood. This is what you were born to do. I’ve done what I was meant to do here. Now it is your turn to shape this land. I just hope Mother and Dedre can forgive me for leaving.”
“They are waiting with open arms for your return,” Fanchon said. “Mother was bearing a child when I left. I’ll never see the brother or sister that she gave birth to already, but I know you’ll be there for them.”
Ki-Mal entered with a tray. He set the tray on the table before pouring a yellow liquid into the three small cups.
“It is very bitter, but it enhances the senses. We use that to pray and meditate so we might keep the darkness of evil from our souls so we can be beacons of goodness for others to follow,” Ki-Mal said before drinking from one of the cups.
Uncle Sethan drank from a cup as well, so Fanchon picked up the remaining cup. The tea was very bitter, so he finished it quickly trying to ignore the bitter flavor. Uncle Sethan and Ki-Mal sat on cushions in the middle of the floor and began murmuring softly. Fanchon joined them and listened to the prayer that was almost a chant. He thought about the journey ahead of him, but kept seeing a volcano and a large shadow that was almost shaped like a bird, but the neck was longer, the tail thinner and the wings were strangely different.
Chapter Eleven: A Parting Gift

“Wake up, Fanchon.”
Fanchon opened his eyes to find himself lying on his back with Uncle Sethan standing over him.
“I’m all packed and ready to leave. I need to ask you to lead your horse with me riding it.”
“It would seem odd for you to be walking at your age,” Fanchon said with a grin as he sat up.
“I know it will seem a bit odd to you, but I found these people respond well to rituals. They at first thought me to be a wizard, but then tried to make me their god. I’m certain that we’ll leave in a funeral procession even though I am very much alive. I had been thinking it was time for me to move on, but didn’t know how I’d be able to do it.”
“We could travel together to Burton. We might have to get you a horse,” Fanchon said as he stood and stretched.
Ki-Mal brought in breakfast for them. They ate after a prayer then Uncle Sethan put on his cloak. Ki-Mal handed Uncle Sethan a staff that was beautifully carved.
“A parting gift,” Ki-Mal said. “A symbol of your wisdom. I also brought you this.”
He held out a bowstring.
“I tempered the bow that I repaired against breakage,” Fanchon said as he touched and tempered the staff. “It will serve you well as will this.”
Uncle Sethan nodded and hugged Ki-Mal before pulling up his hood.
When they reached the courtyard there were many men assembled. Midnight had flowers braided into his mane and tail along with a garland of herbs and vines around his neck.
“Can you please lie down so he can mount?” Fanchon asked the horse quietly.
Midnight laid down. Ki-Mal and Fanchon made a show of helping Uncle Sethan mount and steadying him as Midnight stood up. All of the men bowed with their hands together and thumbs on their foreheads as Fanchon led the horse past them to the open gates. It took some time for them to get out of sight of the temple and back to where the path turned into a road.
“There’s a farm nearby that we might be able to get a horse from,” Uncle Sethan said. “One of my granddaughters lives there.”
Soon they turned off the main road down a cart path. They were greeted by a man who bowed with his thumbs to his forehead.
“Come rest Grandfather,” the man said. “Kiarra should have the midday meal ready soon.”
“Thank you Quinnan,” Uncle Sethan said. “We must reach the city by nightfall.”
“I have a horse you may keep,” Quinnan said before leading them to the home. 
“Grandfather!” a woman exclaimed as they entered the home.
She ran over and hugged Uncle Sethan along with three children.
“It is time to make my final journey Kiarra,” Uncle Sethan said as he sat down. “Ki-Mal will continue my work as great wizard priest.”
“I would have prepared the proper feast if I had known,” Kiarra said.
“As with any parting from this world my journey started quite unexpectedly when Fanchon arrived. He is descended from my twin sister.”
“Welcome Fanchon,” Quinnan said. “We are honored by your presence.”
“You will care well for Grandfather in his final journey home,” Kiarra commanded.
“I will,” Fanchon acknowledged. “His return home will be a safe one and his arrival greeted with open arms and tears of joy.”
“Will you lead us in prayer Grandfather?” Kiarra asked.
Soon they had recited the prayer that was becoming familiar to Fanchon. The food was delicious, but Fanchon was eager to be reunited with Aloysia. After the meal a brown horse was brought for Fanchon to ride. There were hugs and tears before they were allowed to leave. It was nightfall when they entered the city. Fanchon led the way to Aricor’s home and found Aloysia at the gate.
“Aricor is dying,” she said as Fanchon hugged her. “He wants to talk to you the moment you arrive.”
“Death waits for no man,” Uncle Sethan said. “Introductions can wait.”
Aloysia led them to a bedroom where Aricor lay in bed.
“There you are,” Aricor said.
“I brought with me the Great Wizard Priest himself,” Fanchon said. “He is preparing to make his final journey home.”
“I am truly a blessed man,” Aricor said as they knelt at the bedside. “I have spoken to my children and grandchildren about this and they agree. I know that you have yet to find a home. I give to you two wagons complete with cattle to pull them loaded with anything you need. I also send the finest bull that can be found along with five cows. You will need them when you find your home.”
“I don’t understand,” Fanchon said, stunned by the gift. “Why?”
“You were willing to help a stranger in need without question or hesitation,” Aricor said. “Your wife and companions have been very kind and even helped my staff and neighbors while you have been gone. Although you are not Okiahan you live by the same principles taught to us by Se-Than.”
“Principles taught to me by my own mother and father,” Uncle Sethan said. “I am grateful to see they have saved the people of Okiah and made them the great nation they are today.”
“You once saved my life as a young boy, Se-Than. I thank our Honored Ancestors every day for that. I leave this world a happy man that you have again seen fit to honor me with your presence. I don’t know how you still live, but I’m grateful you do.”
“I come from a very long lived people,” Uncle Sethan said as he lowered his hood. “I’ve hidden my face for years.”
“You look nearly the same as the day I first saw you,” Aricor whispered.
“I know. My work here is done and it is time for me to return home,” Uncle Sethan said with a smile. “There I will be among my family and greeted with open arms as will you as you ascend to join your honored ancestors.”
Chapter Twelve: Proving His Worthiness

It had been several days since they had left Okiah and Uncle Sethan hadn’t run out of questions about what had happened in Glynis since he had left. Fanchon was kind of sad to know that he’d never see his mother and father again, but happy that Uncle Sethan would be able to tell them he was alright. Jerron was restless and seemed moody. Fanchon was worried about him.
“What’s the matter?”
Uncle Sethan’s question brought Fanchon’s attention back to the present.
“Just worried about Jerron and thinking about the home I’ll never see again,” Fanchon replied.
“I’m sorry to keep pestering you with questions. I just hope I can remember the language,” Uncle Sethan said as he ran his hand through his hair. “It’s strange to feel the breeze in my hair again. I’m still getting used to wearing pants instead of that robe as well.”
Fanchon laughed. They travelled slower with the cattle. He was both looking forward to and dreading arriving at Burton.
“Lady Aloysia is a beautiful woman. She looks a lot like her mother. She mentioned how happy she was to be bearing your first child,” Uncle Sethan said. “You’re a lucky man.”
“Yes I am, but you had three wives.”
“I still miss them although it was a bit strange. It took them a long time for them to treat me as a husband instead of the Great Wizard Priest. I fathered twenty three children and I lost count of my grandchildren years ago. One of my great granddaughters is now queen. I heard that three of my grandsons built a boat and sailed west, but never returned. Ki-Mal said they were not dead, but continuing my work among another people.”
“Perhaps you’ll find another wife when you reach Glynis,” Fanchon said. “I think it’s time to find a place to camp for the night.”
They soon found a canyon that ended in sheer cliff face. It allowed them to keep the cattle together yet let them graze along with the horses. After several more days traveling through the mountains they entered another forest.
By the time they could see Burton their supplies were running low again. Fanchon awoke at dawn to see Uncle Sethan going through his saddle bags.
“Do you have everything you need?” Fanchon asked quietly.
“It looks like it. Now that I have the bow I can hunt for food. I’ll travel light and fast. I’m looking forward to seeing Glynis again. For so many years I thought I could never return home after how I acted,” Uncle Sethan said. “You’ve given me hope that I can be forgiven.”
“You were forgiven long ago,” Fanchon said as he put his hand on Uncle Sethan’s shoulder. “Stay for breakfast.”
“I’m not really good at saying goodbye,” Uncle Sethan said as Aloysia sat up.
“You are staying for breakfast and that’s final,” she said.
“Yes, Lady Aloysia,” Uncle Sethan said.
After breakfast they loaded up as Uncle Sethan headed north for Glynis. They reached Burton around noon and found a secure place for a camp outside the city. People were friendly and soon most of them found work so they could earn money to buy supplies. Jerron and Fanchon found work in the royal stables.
The captain of the guards seemed to like Fanchon and began teaching him to use a sword. He seemed pleased that Fanchon was catching on quickly and after a month presented him with a sword and sheath. Some of the guards seemed irritated that the captain seemed to favor Fanchon and one afternoon one of them challenged Fanchon to a duel. Fanchon knew he could not loose. He concentrated on his opponent’s blade and ignored the shouts of ridicule by the other guards. As Fanchon was beginning to tire he saw his opening and disarmed his opponent. The man stopped suddenly as Fanchon raised his sword point to the man’s throat. He could see the other men had drawn their swords.
“Enough!” roared the captain of the guard as he ran up. “What is going on?”
“He challenged me to a duel,” Fanchon said as he sheathed his sword.
“He doesn’t belong to the guard,” the man growled. “He’s just a stable boy.”
“He’s as worthy to be a guard as any other man here,” the captain said.
“I am honored by your confidence in me, Sir, but he is right; I don’t belong,” Fanchon said. “I am not a stable boy either. Burton is just a temporary stop in my journey. Now my group has earned enough money to purchase supplies we will continue our journey.”
“Your group?” the guard asked in a mocking tone as Jerron and Tor approached.
“Lady Aloysia is looking for you Fanchon,” Tor said.
“Lady?” the captain asked.
“My wife,” Fanchon said. “Including Tor and Jerron there are thirteen of us in all.”
“Fanchon and Lady Aloysia are our leaders,” Jerron said.
The guard began to laugh until the captain gave him a stern glance. The captain looked at Tor with one eyebrow raised.
“The decision for Fanchon to be our leader was unanimous,” Tor answered the unspoken question. “I trust him with my life.”
“I do too,” Jerron said.
“We decided to find a place to establish a new village,” Fanchon said. “Now that we have enough money we were going to leave Burton in the morning.”
“I’ll miss you,” the captain said. “It does make sense that you are a leader. I think that’s part of what I like about you. I’ve noticed that the stable boys are taking better care of the horses since you arrived. The stables are cleaner as well.”
“Fanchon doesn’t put up with anyone being lazy,” Jerron said. “It’s irritating sometimes, but he’s always right.”
Chapter Thirteen: A Deadly Choice

Fanchon followed Tor and Jerron to where Aloysia was waiting in a shop with Gareth’s wife Thia.
“There you are,” she said. “I was thinking we should get some seed for crops, but if we’re going much further it will be too late in the season to plant.”
“I think we’ll find what we are looking for very soon,” he said. “We’ll definitely want to get the seed.”
They bought the seed and finished loading the wagon before heading towards camp. Fanchon noticed Jerron seemed unusually distracted while supper was being prepared.
Fanchon touched his arm and said, “What’s going on with you?”
“Nothing,” Jerron replied quickly.
“I know you well enough to know something is on your mind,” Fanchon said.
“If you must know I met someone just this afternoon,” Jerron said. “She was so beautiful.”
“We’re leaving in the morning. There’s no sense in trying to see her again.”
“Everyone else has someone except me. It’s just not fair.”
“You’ve matured a lot since we left Glynis, but I don’t think you’re quite ready to have a wife. This is the third woman you’ve talked about since we arrived in Burton,” Fanchon said. “I know it’s hard. You’re my best friend and I want to see you happy, but you can’t even remember to take care of your horse all of the time. If you couldn’t understand her she would be wearing her saddle and bridle all night long.”
“I guess you’re right,” Jerron said with a sigh.
“It’s ready,” Aloysia announced.
They ate supper and talked about which direction they would be going next. Raynor was on first watch. It was only a few hours after dark when Fanchon was awakened by quiet noises and a horse leaving the camp. He looked around and noticed Jerron was missing. Raynor was at the opposite end of the camp. Fanchon buckled on his sword and put a bridle on his horse.
“I’m going after Jerron,” Fanchon told Raynor as he came over.
He urged Midnight forward. 
“Follow them,” he whispered to Midnight. “Quietly.”
The horse obeyed following Jerron straight to the castle garden. When he arrived he saw a man with a sword running towards someone on the ground. As the moon came from behind a cloud the scene it revealed made Fanchon’s heart sink. Jerron and a woman were naked and entwined on the ground. Fanchon recognized the crown prince as he raised his sword.
“That’s my wife!” the crown prince roared, sending the pair scrambling apart.
Fanchon dismounted quickly and drew his sword just as the prince plunged his into Jerron’s heart. Fanchon ran to put himself between the prince and his wife just as the man turned to kill her.
“Stop!” Fanchon said. “I would have killed him myself for such a misdeed. It is his doing, not hers.”
“He certainly didn’t force her out of my bed at sword point! Now I must raise my son on my own and try to explain what happened to my wife,” the prince countered as his wife cried.
“For any other man the matter would be quickly forgotten, but for your wife to suddenly vanish would have everyone talking for years,” Fanchon said and the prince lowered his sword. “Slow down and think about this.”
“I’m sorry,” the woman sobbed. “It was stupid of me, but you’ve been so busy you’ve hardly spoken to me in months let alone.”
She stopped mid sentence as the prince’s sword rose again.
“You will never ever be unfaithful again,” Fanchon said as he stepped aside and faced her. “Look at me!”
“Being the leader of a kingdom is hard work! Maybe you should be more involved in that work rather than sitting in the garden doing needlework all day while someone else tends your baby. I’ve seen you from the stables out here every day,” Fanchon said sternly as the woman met his eyes. “If you are to be his queen then you should be learning how to be a queen and not a seamstress. You should make an effort to be with your husband while he is learning to be king.”
He glanced at the prince who was staring at him with his mouth open and his sword point on the ground.
“I’ll take the body of my best friend and bury it. My group is leaving Burton at dawn so no one will be saying anything to anyone in Burton. As far as either of you are concerned none of this ever happened,” Fanchon said as he picked up Jerron’s shirt and handed it to the prince. “Clean your sword.”
The prince nodded and began wiping the blood from his sword. The princess began to get dressed while Fanchon began to dress Jerron’s body. The prince began to help him.
“You certainly don’t act like a stable hand anymore,” the prince said quietly. “You act like my father.”
“That’s why the rest of my group appointed me their leader,” Fanchon said. “Take your wife back to bed. Tomorrow start fresh and begin to teach her to be a leader. My wife is my partner, my equal. Make your wife yours.”
“I will,” the prince said. “Thank you.”
Jerron’s horse pulled free from the bush she was tied to and came over to nudge his face.
“I know Storm Cloud,” Fanchon said as he rubbed her neck. “Lay down so we can lay him across your back.”
The horse laid down and the prince helped Fanchon drape Jerron across the saddle. Soon Fanchon had mounted Midnight and began leading Storm Cloud back to camp. He couldn’t stop the tears that flowed down his face as Jerron’s death finally began to sink in. When he arrived everyone was awake and looking for them.
“What happened to Jerron?” Thia asked.
“There’s blood on his shirt,” her husband Gareth said.
“It was his own choice that led to his death,” Fanchon said grimly as the others gathered around. “I didn’t kill him, but I would have for what he did. The husband of the woman killed him.”
They all began asking questions at once.
“I’ll say no more about it,” Fanchon said. “He was my best friend and my responsibility but in the end he was free to make his own choices. Let’s try to get some sleep. We must leave at dawn.”
Chapter Fourteen: Burying a Friend

Dawn came early and Fanchon was still tired. He felt numb as they ate breakfast and packed up camp. They traveled quickly along the road as even the cattle seemed to understand the need to distance themselves from Burton. The next day they crossed a stream and by nightfall they reached the edge of the forest and entered a large field of flowers.
“It’s beautiful,” Aloysia said. “Let’s bury him here among the flowers.”
Fanchon nodded. His sleep was disturbed by the memory of Jerron’s death and visions of the strange bird shadow he had seen in his dreams at the mountain temple. At dawn he went over to a tree and put his hands around a dead branch. He willed the wood into the shape of a shovel and found a place near camp to begin to dig the grave. He dug until he was exhausted. After resting against his shovel for a few minutes he looked up to find a hand extended.
“Come eat and rest,” Tor said as he helped Fanchon climb out of the grave. “We all miss him.”
“His father and mother trusted me to keep him safe,” Fanchon said.
“And you did everything anyone could have done short of tying him to a tree,” Tor said. “I heard you talking to him that night before supper. It was his choice to leave camp. I know that whatever happened you did what you could to make it right. That’s all I need to know.”
“He trusted me with his life and I failed him,” Fanchon said.
“He failed himself by not listening to you,” Tor said. “Don’t torture yourself over it. We need you.”
‘It’s not your fault,’ came softly to his mind along with a feeling of peace that soothed his grief.
Fanchon sat down near the fire and Aloysia handed him a plate of food. She sat silently beside him as they ate, but leaned against him and he found comfort in her touch. After he ate he found Gareth was in the grave digging it deeper. Fanchon found more dead branches and began shaping them into a casket for Jerron. When he finished Aloysia knelt next to him and held him in her arms for a while. He felt a hand on his shoulder.
“It’s time to bury him,” Tor’s voice said.
As they placed Jerron’s blanket wrapped body in the casket Fanchon could smell the body had begun to rot. He used more wood to create a lid that sealed the casket closed. The other men helped Fanchon carry the casket over to the grave and ropes were used to lower it to the bottom. Aloysia handed him a bunch of flowers bound together by a strip of cloth before kissing him softly.
“Goodbye Jerron,” Fanchon whispered.
He felt Aloysia’s hand in his as the men began to push the dirt back into the grave.
“Do you want to remain here tonight or continue?” Aloysia asked softly as the last of the dirt was mounded up on the grave.
“Let’s remain and leave in the morning,” Fanchon said as he placed the flowers on the mound of dirt. “I don’t think I could travel very far today.”
For a while they sat silently around the fire before Raynor asked, “Do you remember the time Jerron got caught trying to watch some girls as they bathed in the hot springs near the east end of Glynis?”
“They pelted him with mud,” Leora said and began to giggle.
“They caught him in the same hot springs two weeks later and stole his clothes,” Marcus said and began to laugh.
“He waited until dark to try to sneak home, but by then everyone knew and was waiting for him,” Fallon finished.
“He wouldn’t come out of his house for a week,” Fanchon said as he couldn’t stop the smile that the memory created.
“But he was a good friend when you needed one,” Tor said. “When I was too sick to get out of bed for a week he did all of my chores.”
“He always knew how to cheer me up,” Fanchon said. “I know how alone he felt not being married. He just wasn’t ready to settle down to one woman.”
“I don’t think he would ever be ready,” Aloysia said.
“I found out that the day I went with him to have lunch, he had supper with another woman the same night,” Sarma said.
“He was always in that sort of trouble,” Fanchon said. “He’d talk for hours about different girls if I let him. Sometimes I’d hide in a tree so I didn’t have to listen to it. But now I wish.”
“It’s in the past,” Tor said. “He used to drive me crazy talking about girls too.”
The rest of the men nodded.
“All his talk was what got me interested in Sarma,” Fallon admitted. “He mentioned her liking certain things that I liked too.”
“So that’s how you knew I liked to shoot a bow,” Sarma said. “I always wondered why you gave me a quiver of arrows when other men brought me flowers or fabric.”
“After he pointed you out to me I saw how beautiful you are. I knew I had to make a good first impression. I practiced hard for a month before I gave the arrows to you,” Fallon said then kissed her.
“So was it listening to Jerron that got you interested in me?” Aloysia asked.
“No. I think I liked you from the first time I saw you. When he would talk about you I’d get jealous. I didn’t want him to get too close to you because I wanted you for myself, but I was terrified your father wouldn’t approve.”
“So what made you ask him for my hand in marriage?” Aloysia asked. “Did you decide to do it the day before leaving in case he said no?”
“My mother told me to go see him before we left,” Fanchon replied in confusion. “He told me he had been expecting me and that he was giving me something very dear to both our hearts then handed me the package with my wedding clothes in it.”
“You acted like you knew.”
“What I knew when I saw your face was that all of my prayers were answered.”
Chapter Fifteen: Flying Defenders

After helping to pack up camp, Fanchon went to stand at Jerron’s grave. He noticed that the flowers were all withered and dried up. He left more flowers on Jerron’s grave before they continued their journey but noticed they seemed to immediately begin to wilt. He felt intense curiosity drawing him forward as he led the group directly south across the field of flowers to the forest on the other side. They came across where the land had risen up creating a cliff that grew as it went south.
“Up or down?” Tor asked as Fanchon came to a stop.
He knew the answer immediately.
“Down,” he replied and felt pleased.
He urged Midnight forward and the others followed. The cliff got taller as they went further south through the forest. They stopped at a stream that had carved a cascade in the cliff for lunch.
“I hope we find somewhere soon,” Aloysia commented as they sat down to eat.
Fanchon felt anticipation as he said, “I know we will.”
There were flashes of images in his mind; a tall dark mountain with a volcano at its heart, the mouth of a large cavern with a spring bubbling up next to it and rolling grassy hills. He shook his head.
“What’s wrong?” she asked.
“I keep seeing images, feeling emotions,” he said and felt surprise. “Like I’m sensing someone else’s thoughts.”
“I’ve noticed that much of this forest seems to be young trees,” Fallon said. I’ve noticed fallen logs that are charred as though there was a fire.”
Fanchon looked around and Fallon was right.
“I don’t like it,” Aloysia said in a worried tone. “How would you sense someone else’s thoughts and who are they?”
“What if they are luring us in by controlling you?” Tor asked. “Do you think we are in danger?”
“Who are you and why can I hear your thoughts?” Fanchon asked out loud. “What do you want with us?”
‘My name is Malvin,’ a deep voice replied in his mind. ‘I have heard your thoughts for several days now. You are searching for a home. I can help you and you can help me.’
“His name is Malvin and he knows we are searching for a home. He needs our help and will help us,” Fanchon said.
‘I promise no harm will come to you,’ Malvin said.
“Both Rollan and Ki-Mal told me some things that now make more sense. I will know for certain when I see Malvin,” Fanchon said.
“You’re certain about this aren’t you,” Aloysia stated more than asked and he nodded. “I trust you then.”
“I trust you too,” Fallon said.
“You’ve led us this far safely,” Tor said.
“And you found your uncle when I didn’t think it was possible,” Sarma added.
“Let’s find Malvin then,” Fanchon said and urged Midnight forward.
As they progressed farther south, the horse got increasingly restless as it sniffed the air. This worried Fanchon.
‘He can smell me and doesn’t know what the smell is coming from,’ Malvin’s voice said in Fanchon’s mind. ‘The other animals with you are nervous as well. I will try to reassure them that I mean no harm.’
Soon Midnight settled down. At last they came around the end of the cliff and could see a mountain through the trees.
“That mountain is what we’ve been looking for,” Fanchon said as he noticed the ground was sloping upward.
“How do you know?” Aloysia asked.
“I just know it,” he replied.
She shook her head. When they finally came out of the trees they were at the foot of mountain. The face was sheared off exposing a large cavern in the dark stone nearly at ground level. Lying in the mouth of the cavern was a creature that Fanchon had never seen before. It was large enough that the head was about as tall as he was followed by a long neck, powerful chest and forelegs. Each toe ended with a sharp claw. It was covered in scales and had wings folded against its body.
‘We call ourselves dragons,’ Malvin said.
“What is that and why would it need our help?” Aloysia asked.
He glanced at her and her paled face mirrored the panic in her voice.
“This is Malvin,” Fanchon said as he dismounted. “He says he is a dragon.”
“What can we do that he can’t?” Tor asked.
‘That is a bit harder to explain,’ Malvin said as he stood up and walked out of the cavern followed by another dragon. ‘This is my mate, Fae. We are the last two dragons. We have a clutch of eggs we have been guarding, but we have lost thirty seven eggs. Those died either in the egg from the icy winds of the cold season or because of predators that broke into the eggs. We have eight eggs that still live that will hatch soon. Without help they will die. They are incapable of feeding themselves until they can fly and hunt for food.’
“So you need us to feed your young,” Fanchon said. “I hardly dare ask what you eat.”
‘The cattle would suit our purposes.’
“They better not eat people,” Fallon said.
“Malvin said that they would eat the cattle. With a place to graze the cattle could be left to breed and establish a large herd,” Fanchon replied. “Is this the only opening to the cavern?”
‘No, there are many smaller tunnels that exit the mountain,’ Malvin responded. ‘Yes, covering this opening like that would protect the eggs from the wind and cold.’
Chapter Sixteen: Plans for Building a Home
“We could build a castle in front of the entrance here since the dragons have other smaller tunnels to use as entrances,” Fanchon said.
“A castle?” Aloysia asked. “Malvin must have.”
She paused suddenly.
“No, it was your idea entirely, but Fae and Malvin like it,” she said. “Fae said that would keep her eggs warm.”
“Where are we supposed to live?” Thia asked.
“Do you know how long that will take to build?” Marcus asked.
“Look, we’ll design the castle together and everyone will live in the castle. Our descendants will need a safe, secure home for generations to come,” Fanchon said. “In building the castle we will clear some of this forest which will allow us to plant crops.”
Aloysia dismounted and walked towards Fae. Fanchon walked up to Malvin and reached out his hand. Malvin put his nose against Fanchon’s hand. The scales on Malvin’s face were both smooth and bumpy. 
‘There is more to you than other men,’ Malvin said. ‘There’s a village nearby, but their minds are filled with simple needs and wants for themselves, their families. Even among your group you care for more than yourself and your mate. Your thoughts are more words than images.’
‘Is that why you spoke to me?’ Fanchon asked silently.
‘I knew I would be able to communicate with you and you would care about helping us.’
“Oh, Fanchon!” Aloysia exclaimed softly as she collapsed against him.
“What?” he asked as he put his arms around her.
“Fae is still mourning for the eggs that died. We have to stay and help them.”
‘Fae will not bear the touch of any except Aloysia,’ Malvin said. ‘She is my mate, my queen.’
‘I will make certain the others understand that.’
It took some time to reassure the others that no harm would come to them from the dragons as long as they didn’t touch Fae. They explored the cavern and found that the sand in the center was very warm, but on the ledges surrounding the sand it was cooler. Each of the ledges had multiple tunnels opening into the center. Soon stairs had been formed and tunnels chosen to house them until the castle could be completed. Fallon killed a deer and wood was gathered for a fire. Malvin hiccupped and flame shot past his dagger like teeth lighting the wood on fire. There were gasps as most of the group backed away.
“Thank you, Malvin,” Fanchon said and motioned everyone back around the fire.
While the deer cooked Fanchon took sticks of wood and began trying to shape them into paper. Eventually he found a method that created a thick stiff paper. After creating a pile of large sheets he shaped a stick to form a straight edge on one side. It would be long enough to make straight lines across a page. He retrieved a twig that had fallen from the burning wood. The end was blackened enough to make a clear line.
“So do you want to let the rest of us in on your wild plan?” Tor asked quietly as he sat down next to Fanchon.
“The mountain and cliff are sheared off straight on the north side of the cavern,” Fanchon said as he began to draw. “Then the south side curves inward before coming back out nearly even with the north. If we build the castle here it can be simply attached to the cliff and mountain on the north, then continue straight out on the south putting the cavern in the center of the back wall.”
“This is huge,” Tor said. “We don’t need anything that big.”
“We are all young and our wives are with child. We may have more than one child. Our children will have children who will have children,” Fanchon said.
“Who will all need a place to live.”
Fanchon nodded and continued to draw. He realized that there needed to be at least three floors in the castle just to reach the top of the cavern opening, but a fourth would allow him to leave a way for the dragons to get through that opening if necessary. There would be a great hall with the front and back walls both being large doors. The south wing could contain a large dining hall and kitchen on the main floor and a library on the third and fourth floor.
“What about a place to play music?” Mari asked as she looked over his shoulder. “I loved going to plays in Glynis.”
“We’ll need somewhere to teach the children too,” Tor added.
“Okay that fills the second floor on the south side then. On the north an office and sitting room for meetings will be on the ground floor, then individual apartments on the upper floors.”
“It’s still huge, but eventually we will need it,” Tor said with a sigh.
“It will take time to build all of that,” Raynor said as he looked at the drawing. “We need somewhere to stay until it is built.”
“We need to build enough to protect the dragon eggs immediately,” Fanchon said.
“Maybe we should build the shell of the castle, then build homes to live in until the castle can be completed,” Gareth suggested.
“We can start by figuring out exactly how big this needs to be then mark the corners. We can build houses to live in until this is completed, but we need to cover that opening right away,” Fanchon said.
Chapter Seventeen: Beginning a New Life
After a week of debate and careful measurements everyone was satisfied with the plans for the castle. Trees were cut down for Fanchon to begin to build into doors to cover the entrance to the cavern. Malvin dug out all of the soil where the castle would be built and helped to set the stones that created the foundation. Aloysia directed the planting of crops so they would have food for the cold season. Fanchon designed a system of gears that would both balance the large doors and allow them to be opened and closed by a single person turning a wheel on the wall. Malvin told Fanchon that he and Fae were pleased to have the doors protecting their eggs. Building the castle was hard work, but Malvin’s strength allowed them to move large stones and set them far more quickly than they would have been able to on their own.
Fanchon decided that if the great hall in the center of the castle should be completed first along with the outer walls, the floor support structure for the upper floors and the roof. Gareth and Thia were the first to build a house near the fields.  By the end of each day the men were exhausted. Thia gave birth to a boy just after the small house was finished. They spent an entire day celebrating the birth.
“We’ve decided to name him Freydolf,” Gareth said.
Fanchon noticed that Aloysia was a little quiet.
“Is anything wrong?” he asked her quietly as he took her hand in his.
“Just thinking,” she replied, shaking her head.
“About?”
“We are establishing a new village,” she replied and he nodded. “It needs a name just as a new baby needs a name.”
“Here we met the dragons who will share our home. Maybe the name should reflect that,” he said as Tor turned towards them.
“What about Dracona?”Tor asked.
“For what?” Marcus asked.
“Our new home needs a name,” Aloysia said loudly and everyone quieted down. “How does everyone feel about the name Dracona?”
“Perfect,” Malika said.
“The castle is nearly ready for the roof,” Fanchon said. “Once the roof is on then we can work on finishing the inside.”
“I’m glad we built homes to live in,” Tor said. “At least the tunnels don’t glow like the walls in the main cavern. I don’t think I would have been able to sleep in there.”
Everyone laughed as they nodded in agreement.
Fanchon said. “There is much to do still, but to see the walls in place is more than I expected so soon.”
Later that evening as they walked home, he sensed that Malvin seemed worried. They found the dragon waiting for them near their house.
‘What’s the matter? Are the eggs alright?’ he asked the dragon.
‘The eggs are fine and will hatch shortly after the moon is at its fullest,’ Malvin replied. ‘I know that I will die soon. Fae may not live to see the eggs hatch. I worry about the hatchlings and about you.’
‘We will care for the hatchlings,’ Fanchon said firmly. ‘Why would you worry over me?’
‘The men from the nearby village have noticed the activity here. They are both curious and defensive.’
‘Perhaps Tor and I should go meet them to assure them we wish to live in peace with them.’
‘There is something more,’ Malvin admitted. ‘It is like someone is calling to me in my sleep. I see an island surrounded by ocean beyond the volcano. I feel drawn to it.’
‘Perhaps you should see if this island exists. Would you be able to see it without the moon to guide you?’
‘The stars are bright enough,’ Malvin said as he put his head down.
Fanchon came over and stroked Malvin’s face. He could still feel the dragon’s uncertainty. He also felt the itch Malvin felt on his neck where he had recently shed some scales. Fanchon rubbed at the itch as he leaned his head against Malvin’s neck until Malvin relaxed. As he lifted his head some of his hairs stuck in the scales.
He was about to pluck them out of the scales when Malvin said, ‘Leave them. That way I carry you with me.’
Fanchon laughed softly and rubbed the dragon’s face.
‘Go and find the island. I’ll see you in the morning.’
Fanchon watched Malvin as he launched into the sky. He heard soft footsteps behind him.
“Fae says it is important that Malvin do this,” Aloysia said as she took his hand in hers. ‘She sees that Malvin visiting the island starts a chain of events that insures Dracona’s future.”
Chapter Eighteen: Preparing for the Future
When Fanchon woke in the morning Malvin had returned and was lying near the eggs in the main cavern.
‘I found the island and spoke to a woman who lives there,’ the dragon said. ‘She spoke some words that I don’t understand and told me that it was a key for you to pass down to your male heirs.’
‘I’ll get some paper and write it down then,’ Fanchon said.
Aloysia was straightening the bedding and folding it out of the way.
“Malvin’s back and has something to tell me that I must write down,” Fanchon said as he found the pen and ink. “He found the island and there was a woman living on it.”
“Fae told me,” Aloysia said. “She said you must forge a sword that will be stored waiting for the day it is needed.”
Fanchon nodded as he pulled out his journal and sat down.
‘Here is the key,’ Malvin said then began speaking in the language spoken in Glynis. ‘Through the gathering darkness hope lies in the hands of two hearts joined as one.’
‘You’re certain that’s what she said was the key?’ Fanchon asked after writing it down.
‘I don’t know if what she said are actual words or just meaningless musical tones,’ the dragon replied. ‘She said you must pass it down to your male heirs and only a man will be able to use it as a key.’
‘It makes words and a complete sentence, but why that was chosen as a key is both puzzling and troubling,’ Fanchon said as he thought about the key.
‘Yes, that is a troubling message to be used as a key,’ Malvin agreed as Fanchon remembered what Ki-Mal had told him. ‘That does fit. I can provide the fire to forge the sword.’
“Fae says you need to visit the village,” Aloysia said. “We’ll be fine for a few days.”
‘I can guide you to the village,’ the dragon said. ‘I would feel much better if you make peace before I commit myself to the volcano on the night of the full moon like the woman told me to.’
‘Why would she tell you to do that?’
‘I don’t know. She said it was important and would insure Dracona’s safety.’
Fanchon and Aloysia gathered everyone together. As they ate breakfast Fanchon thought about what to tell them.
“Last night Malvin found an island on the ocean beyond the volcano. A woman living there spoke to him about keeping Dracona safe,” Fanchon said and silence fell.
“What she told him agrees with what Fae told me,” Aloysia said. “There are things we must do before the full moon. One thing is that Fanchon must forge a sword that will be stored away until it is needed for the defense of Dracona.”
“Any of us who can shape metal can make a sword easily,” Tor said.
“It must be Fanchon and it must be forged in dragon fire,” Aloysia said in a commanding tone that surprised Fanchon.
“I’ll need an anvil created and a hammer head along with tongs to grip the steel with. I’ll also need enough steel to create the sword,” Fanchon said. “I’ll make a box for it and once it is in the box no one must touch it. It will serve only one man and harm all others that touch it.”
There was murmuring among the group that ceased when Aloysia spoke.
“There are things only a seer can tell us and we must have faith in the truth of their words. Fae is a seer and she has foreseen this sword kill men who attempt to take it up. When the man who is worthy to claim it is ready the sword will choose him. Until then it will remain in the box.”
“There is a village nearby that Tor and I must visit and make peace with,” Fanchon said. “I don’t know why it is important to do it right now, but I want us to live in peace with our neighbors.”
There were many questions that Fanchon tried to answer, but some he didn’t have any clear answers to. Soon after breakfast Fanchon and Tor set out to find the village.  They found the village south of Dracona early the next day. The people were wary of them and soon some of the men gathered around as they dismounted.
“We come in peace,” Fanchon said.
“You come wearing swords,” one of the men challenged.
“They are only for defense,” Fanchon replied.
“You allow your son to speak for you?” an elderly man asked as he looked at Tor.
“Fanchon is not my son, but my friend and my leader,” Tor responded.
The men looked puzzled and glanced at each other as the elderly man stepped forward and looked Fanchon over closely.
“What is your business here?” the man asked at last as he met Fanchon’s eyes.
“We recently settled at the foot of the volcano and are building a castle there. We came simply to introduce ourselves to you and let you know that we want to live in peace with our neighbors.”
“What of the dragons? Do they still live?” the man asked. “With them as allies you are invincible in battle, especially against simple farmers like us.”
“They live, but we wish only friendship, not battle with you,” Fanchon said. “We are planting our own crops and have our own cattle. We just wanted you to be aware of our presence because we do not wish to be attacked either. There are twelve of us plus one baby. Over the next several months there should be five more babies born.”
The old man stared intently into Fanchon’s eyes for several uncomfortable minutes before speaking again.
“You do not look like a farmer to me. He does, but you do not. What is it that you do besides lead?”
“I have tried many trades,” Fanchon said. “I know how to cut gems and make jewelry. I know how to make things from metal on a forge and how to shoe a horse. I even know how to plant and tend a field along with milking cattle. Every master I learned from told me the same thing; that I made a poor apprentice because I wanted to be in charge. I mastered the skills readily enough, but soon I was giving directions to my master.”
Chapter Nineteen: Challenged by the Village Elder
The old man looked at Tor.
“My uncle was one who tried Fanchon as an apprentice,” Tor said. “I heard him talking to my father about Fanchon. He said that Fanchon was a quick learner, but would never be content as a farmer. Fanchon pointed out things that could be done more efficiently and told him how to do them differently. It really annoyed my uncle that someone so young could be right about things he hadn’t figured out in all the years he had been farming.”
“So where did you come from?” the man asked as he turned back to Fanchon.
“Far north of here. We come from a narrow valley and there are almost too many people living there. We decided that we should establish a new village or town somewhere. We have been traveling for over a year now and finally found somewhere that suits us.”
“I still worry that you will expect to rule over us. Why build a castle if unless you want to be king?”
“It seals the entrance to the dragon’s cavern and protects their eggs from cold and predators. They have tunnels that exit the mountain they can use instead of the main entrance,” Fanchon said. “I don’t expect to be a king any more than you do. We both serve as leaders because it is what others expect from us. It does not exempt us from working beside those who follow us, but places an additional responsibility upon our shoulders. If one we are responsible for breaks a law, we must deal with the consequences.”
“You can make any law you like and punish or spare at a whim,” the man challenged.
“The laws of the lands we travelled through had to be obeyed,” Fanchon replied. “I saw my best friend killed because he broke that law. I stepped in to calm the wronged party and prevent others from dying. I made the casket with my own hands knowing that I would have killed him if I had gotten to him before the other man did.”
“He dug most of the grave too,” Tor said.
“You have your own laws to keep peace within the village. We will respect your laws and your property,” Fanchon said. “All we ask in return is the same.”
“What of the dragons?” the man asked. “Something that large can take what it wants. So far they have left our cattle alone.”
“We are establishing a large herd in a mountain field to feed them from. They have long been aware of your presence and reliance on your cattle for food. They will not bother your cattle.”
“How old are you, Fanchon?” the man asked sternly and Fanchon wondered what to say. “I expect the truth.”
He realized that the truth would be far better than attempting to lie.
“You may find the truth hard to believe but I am one hundred and seventy two.”
The man’s eyes widened and the other men stepped back to murmur amongst themselves.
“We are of a very long lived people. If I were of your people I would be seventeen, hardly more than a boy.”
“So that’s what I see in your eyes,” the man said. “Your eyes are far older than your body. You could have simply said you were seventeen.”
“Yes, but I will age far slower than your people. I will see generations of your people born, live and die before I appear as old as you are. It is better that you and the others here understand that since we are neighbors. Any agreements we make this day will be long remembered by myself and my descendants.”
“Come with me, Fanchon,” the man said. “I want to speak to you alone. The rest of you go back to your fields. These are now our friends.”
“Watch the horses, Tor,” Fanchon said and Tor nodded.
He followed the man to a small house in the center of the village. They went inside and sat at the small table.
“Certainly if you live so long you must have new ways of doing things that make life easier,” the man said as Fanchon noticed that besides the table and chairs there was a bed, a fireplace, a ladder and a tub of water with a bucket nearby.
“Yes,” Fanchon said. “We know how to bring water into a home without drawing it from a well with a bucket and how to clean the dirty water before it returns to the stream. That is only one of probably many things we do differently. There are things we have chosen to abandon so that we can live outside the valley we were born in. Life will be harder, but we have confidence it must be done.”
“It will take time to convince the others to trust you, but perhaps in time you can teach us some of what you know,” the man said.
“I will speak to my group about your village. We have not yet discussed laws of our own, but I’m glad you brought that need to my attention. My wife and I will make laws that are simple and fair.”
“You are welcome in this village Fanchon,” the man said. “My name is Buckley.”
Chapter Twenty: Aloysia’s Talent
Fanchon wiped the sweat from his brow as he studied the unfinished sword. The design he had chosen was not a simple one and involved making the hilt from brass. He had created a dragon whose body would be the grip with outstretched wings as a cross guard and tail as a knuckle guard. The tang of the sword would fit into the throat of the dragon. It had taken him most of a week to forge the sword. All that was left was to join the blade to the hilt and sharpen it. He had created a beautiful fabric lined wooden box to store the sword in until it was needed. Although it would harm any not its master the sword would be both beautiful and a functioning weapon.
‘Night is falling,’ Malvin reminded him.
‘Once joined they will never come apart,’ Fanchon replied silently. ‘I hope I got the balance right.’
He slid the tang of the blade into the hilt until he felt it click into place. He balanced the sword on his finger and was pleased with the result. He carefully sharpened it and polished the metal as the sun set turning the sky into a blaze of color.
‘Tomorrow is our last day together,’ Malvin said in a sad tone.
‘You shall be missed as will Fae when she dies.’
‘You have been like a son to me,’ Malvin said. ‘Aylward will hatch shortly after Etana and will be her mate.’
‘We will care for them. That I promise.’
“Fae told me you were ready to put the sword in the box,” Aloysia said as she came out of the tunnel carrying the box and a torch. “She also told me that I was to be the last to touch it.”
She placed the torch in a crack at the tunnel entrance then held out the box on her hands. Fanchon opened the box and gently placed the sword in it along with the sheath and belt he had made for it.
“Ki-Mal told me that your talent is an ancient one that has not been needed for many generations. It will bind this weapon to the man worthy to bear it. No other can touch it,” Fanchon replied as he took the box from her.
She nodded before beginning to glow a deep dark red. She closed her eyes as she placed her fingertips on the sword. The sword began to glow red but soon the glow turned orange which shifted to yellow then green and finally blue. Under her fingertips letters began to form down the center of the blade.
“Lord of Dragons, Protector of Men, pure of heart, strong of body and mind. Imposters beware!” Aloyisa spoke the words forcefully.
The words and the tone of voice struck fear in his heart for a moment. As she opened her eyes and raised her hands the words she had spoken were engraved on the blade. She gently closed the box as her glow faded.
“It is done,” she said softly. “Now it will await the man capable of wielding it.”
“There is much to do before then,” Fanchon said. “We must teach our children the things that will prepare our heirs to rule over Dracona and lead our people back to where they came from before arriving in Glynis.”
“I’m tired.”
‘Sleep well and I will see you in the morning,’ Malvin told them.
Aloysia carried the torch and Fanchon carried the box down the tunnel to the main cavern where the others were waiting.
“We want to see it,” Markus said.
“Just don’t touch it,” Fanchon said.
“You can always polish it again,” Mari said.
“It’s not that,” he said.
“I finally found out what my talent is,” Aloysia said. “It is one that hasn’t been used for a very long time. My talent is to bind a weapon to a single warrior. The message on the blade wasn’t there before I touched it. It is a warning.”
She opened the box and everyone crowded around to get a better look.
“It’s so beautiful,” Sarma sighed.
“I see what you mean about it being a warning,” Tor said.
“It looks sharp,” Gareth said.
“I do not know what power the blade possesses other than it can only be wielded by one man,” Fanchon said. “I forged the sword to be a weapon regardless of its powers. It is sharper than my own blade and perfectly balanced.”
“For now it will remain in the box,” Aloysia said. “Fae sees a time when it will be needed to defend and rebuild Dracona before our people return to their original home.”
“We’re all tired,” Fanchon said. “Let’s get some sleep.”
Chapter Twenty One: Malvin’s Sacrifice for the Future
Fanchon really didn’t want to get up in the morning knowing that Malvin would soon die.
‘I don’t want to die either, but I know it must be done,’ the tone of Malvin’s voice revealed his sorrow. ‘I know I would die within weeks if I didn’t commit myself to the volcano tonight. This will insure Dracona’s future.’
Fanchon finally got out of bed. Aloysia hugged him. The cheek she pressed against his was wet. He wiped her tears and kissed her tenderly as the baby kicked against him.
“It won’t be much longer before we are parents,” Aloysia said. “Glynis seems so long ago now.”
“This is now our home. We’ll finish the castle and it will be filled with love and laughter,” Fanchon said.
They walked out to the great cavern where the others were beginning to gather for breakfast. Malvin and Fae lay nearby. The meal was eaten nearly in silence.
“Today is Malvin’s last day among us,” Fanchon said breaking the awkward silence by speaking of what was on everyone’s mind. “We owe a lot to Malvin and he will never be forgotten. Without him we would not have the castle so nearly completed. Soon the eggs will hatch. The new dragons will not replace Malvin in our hearts but will be a piece of him that is ever present in our lives.”
There were many nods among the group.
“I’ve been drawing something,” Leora said quietly. “I used to make pictures from pieces of stone. I was thinking we needed something beautiful for the floor of the great hall.”
“Show them, dear,” Marcus said and she picked up a scroll of paper that had been between them.
She unrolled the paper and laid it out on the sand. The drawing showed a large dragon at the top with wings outspread. There were other dragons forming a border along with another large dragon below the first one also facing the center so that either end could be up.
“When facing the doors to the cavern you would see Fae and when facing the outer doors you would see Malvin,” Leora said.
“It’s beautiful,” Aloysia said. “Fae likes it.”
‘I do too,’ Malvin said.
“Malvin likes it as well.”
‘I want to take you flying so you can see the world as I see it,’ Malvin said. ‘Someday you can go flying with Aylward.’
“I’m going to spend some time with Malvin. He wants to take me flying,” Fanchon said.
Although some expressed concerns over his safety Aloysia simply kissed his cheek. He climbed up Malvin’s offered foreleg and onto his shoulder’s in front of his wings. Malvin took him to the outer entrance to his den then launched into the sky. Fanchon’s heart was pounding as the dragon took him higher.
‘Relax, I will keep you safe.’
Fanchon began to relax as Malvin leveled out gliding on his outstretched wings. He could see the village, then Malvin turned towards the mountain. The cattle grazed below near a small lake. There were more mountains and high valleys before they came to an area that was all black rock devoid of even plants for the most part. Beyond the rocky cliff stretched an ocean. It wasn’t long before the island came into view.
‘Fae told me that all of this is your land. She said even the black cliffs can support life if food is collected from the ocean.’
Malvin turned back to reveal the waves crashing against the cliffs.
‘Your dreams have revealed your past to me. I know you have doubts about your decisions, but I know that something brought you to help us. For that I am grateful. I will die knowing that both your descendants and mine will prosper in Dracona.’
‘I really didn’t know quite what I was doing when I left my family behind,’ Fanchon admitted. ‘I am grateful to have found you as well.’
They returned home to find the others working on the castle. When night fell Fanchon knew it would soon be time. Everyone gathered around Malvin after supper was finished to say farewell. Fanchon and Aloysia walked with the dragon deeper into the mountain. When they reached the center there was a large cavern with an open pit large enough to swallow a dragon whole.
“Goodbye, Malvin,” Fanchon said in a whisper.
“We’ll care for the hatchlings,” Aloysia said. “We’ll miss you.”
Malvin softly nuzzled each of them before turning to Fae. The two dragons nuzzled each other before Malvin turned and dove into the pit. Smoke rose from the pit along with an acrid smell before a glow began just above the pit in the center of the glow was a strangely dressed woman holding something in her hands.
“Malvin’s sacrifice will insure the future of Dracona’s dragons and your people,” the woman said. “You in turn must guard and protect Dracona. Fanchon I give you the title Lord Dracona and Aloysa Lady Dracona. Your family name is Donley. Take this stone box and keep it safe for a time your descendant must speak the key given to you by Malvin to insure Dracona’s safety. It will bind him and his lady together and to Dracona.”
Fanchon held out his hands and the woman placed the heavy box in them.
“I don’t understand how the words Malvin gave me can be a key but I have written them down to memorize them,” Fanchon said. “We are now using only the local language and will not teach the old language to our children.”
“In time that language and the knowledge of their past will be fully restored to your descendants. Guard well the dragons for they are precious to your people. Their fate and yours will always be one.”
The woman flickered like a candle before vanishing.
Chapter Twenty Two: Refuge from the Storm
Fanchon woke to a loud crack of thunder that rattled the shutters. He sat up to find Aloysia sitting in on the settee between their children Greta and Matias with a quilt wrapped around them. Their faces were pale and eyes wide. 
“I don’t know how you could sleep through this,” she said as there was a knock on the door.
“Come,” Fanchon said.
The door opened and Kennard entered.
“Everyone is frightened Father,” Kennard said. “They are afraid of the storm.”
“Gather everyone in the dining hall,” Fanchon said and Kennard left.
‘I will have word passed by the dragons,’ Aylward told him as more thunder rattled the shutters again.
Greta pulled the quilt over her head and Matias buried his face in his mother’s shoulder.
“Let’s get dressed,” Fanchon said. “It will be alright.”
Kennard would soon turn one hundred and showed signs of being a good leader. Greta was fifty but still timid at times. Matias was nineteen afraid of nothing, well nothing except this storm. Fanchon led the family out into the hall where others were coming out of their rooms. They met more people going down the stairs to the dining hall. Eventually everyone was accounted for. He stood at the head table and looked out over the frightened faces as a lightning lit around the shutters for a second before thunder followed. Some of the children hid under the tables.
“I know this is the worst storm we’ve ever seen, but this castle is strong and safe,” Fanchon said. “Having several weeks of storms that have gotten progressively worse has made all of us nervous.”
“What about the lightning Lord Fanchon?” someone asked. “There was a cow that was struck last week. It was killed instantly and half cooked. The tree it was next to was split in half”
There were gasps and murmuring among the people.
“I know,” Fanchon answered. “We are safe within this castle. When we were building it Malvin mentioned the lightning was drawn to the veins of metal in the mountains. We made a thick rope of metal to go from the very top of the castle to deep under the ground on the north side of the castle. I’ve seen lightning strike the pole on top of the castle and the rope carry the lightning into the ground.”
Another crack of thunder interrupted him.
‘The village has been flooded,’ Aylward said. ‘The people are frightened and confused.’
“Aylward just reported that the villager nearby is flooded,” Fanchon said. “Their homes are built from wood alone, not the strong stone we are surrounded by. We may need to give them aid in rebuilding. This storm will pass and we will be safe.”
“I am grateful for this strong castle along with all of our friends and family here,” Kennard said as he stood up beside Fanchon.
“The village has flooded before and will flood again,” Fanchon said. “Here we have water that is clean and safe to drink that comes to every bathing chamber in the entire castle. It is warmed by the heat of the volcano. I know the storm is frightening but here we are safe.”
“Let’s all have some warm cider to drink until the storm passes,” Aloysia said.
Everyone spent the rest of the night in the dining hall. The storm broke and began to clear at sunrise. The courtyard of the castle was full of debris blown in by the storm and the kitchen garden was barely salvageable. It was late afternoon a few days later that they finally had most of the courtyard cleaned up. As he walked out of the portcullis Fanchon noticed a couple of men approach from the south. They were covered in mud and appeared exhausted as one dropped to the ground.
“Bring two horses quickly,” Fanchon said to Tor.
He ran over to where the second man sank to his knees beside the other.
“Are you from the village?” Fanchon asked and the man nodded. “You are safe here. We’ll get you inside so you can clean up and rest. We’ll be having supper in about an hour.”
Tears began to run down the man’s face. Fanchon helped Tor get the two men onto the horses. Other men joined in to carry them up to rooms on the first floor. Fanchon helped with the man who had been on his knees. The man was at first frightened of the dragon head faucet but soon relaxed into the warm water.
“The village flooded and most of the fields were washed away,” the man said at last. “Some are now covered by the stream. It won’t be long before it starts washing homes away. Everyone wants to move. Some have left already.”
“My dragon told me the village flooded,” Fanchon said.
“It’s happened several times before. Last year I went south to Brinley to see if there was somewhere to build a new village, but the villagers I found said that they barely survive on what the king leaves after collecting a portion of their harvest for his own use. Every man is taken from his village at seventeen and forced into the army for at least three years.”
Fanchon remained silent.
“Everyone in the village is terrified of the dragons, but there’s nowhere else,” the man said softly.
“I know,” Fanchon replied.
“Is it true you live longer than we do?” the man asked.
“I am two hundred seventy two years old,” Fanchon said nodding. “We arrived a hundred years ago. I visited your village shortly after we arrived.”
There was a tap at the door.
“Come,” Fanchon said.
“Here are some dry clothes, Father,” Kennard said. “What about the rest of the villagers? Will they be safe where they are?”
“We should build homes and shops outside the castle wall for the villagers,” Fanchon said as he shook his head.
“What would you expect in return?” the man asked.
“Only for your men to help build the buildings and care for your own fields,” Fanchon said. “It makes no sense for us to not help you when we have been so fortunate.”
Chapter Twenty Three: A New Generation of Dragons
Kennard put his arm around Magda while they watched their sons stand near the eggs in the sand. Eamon’s wife had already bonded with the new queen named Evelina. Aylward’s mate Etana had died yesterday and Aylward wouldn’t survive much longer. Suddenly a crack appeared in one of the eggs and a claw soon showed. Eamon rushed forward to touch the claw. The egg burst open and the dragon was the same color as the bronze dragon clasp that had passed from Kennard’s father Fanchon to him and then to Eamon as a symbol of their duties as Lord Dracona. A second egg began to hatch and Rolfe joined his brother among the eggs that were all beginning to show signs of hatching.
“I’m worried about Rolfe,” Magda said. “He still hasn’t picked a wife.”
“He’s only a hundred and six,” Kennard replied as Rolf’s dragon hatched. “Maybe it’s time for us to let Eamon lead Dracona.”
Deal with it tomorrow,” Magda said as their sons approached with their dragons.”
“Isn’t Haskell beautiful?” Eamon said.
“Mackin is too,” Rolfe said.
“All dragons are beautiful,” Magda said with a smile. “Get them fed while you wash and oil them.”
The following morning Fanchon found Miranda and Eamon in the cavern with the dragons.
“I need to talk to the both of you,” Kennard said and they glanced at each other. “In my office.”
Eamon then looked at Haskell with an annoyed look on his face.
“What’s the matter?”
“Haskell says he knows exactly what you want to talk to us about but won’t tell me,” Eamon responded. “He’s laughing at me.”
Kennard began laughing a bit and said, “It’s good you have a dragon with a sense of humor. You are too serious sometimes.”
They followed him out of the cavern to the sitting room on the other end of the great hall. Magda was waiting for them there. They went into the office and shut the door.
“This is a private conversation for now,” he said as he locked the door.
Miranda glanced at Eamon again before they sat down in the chairs facing the desk.
“It’s time for you to take on more responsibility,” Kennard said. “Tonight at supper I’ll officially pass leadership of Dracona on to you.”
“I don’t know what to say, Father. Why now?”
“Because you are ready and I am ready to turn things over to you,” Kennard said.
“We are so very proud of both of you,” Magda said.
“I want to show you some things about this office that no one else knows or remembers,” Kennard said as he walked over to the wooden dragon head that was mounted to the wall behind the desk.
Unlike the other decorations in the castle, this dragon was fierce with an open mouth and sharp teeth exposed.
“Come around here and put your arm down the dragon’s throat,” Kennard said and Eamon obeyed. “There are two levers. Each one opens a door hidden behind a bookcase.”
Soon the bookcase to the west opened exposing a second bookcase.
“This is where I have stored my personal journals. Many of these belong to your grandfather,” Kennard said as he opened it wider.
He shut the bookcase and Eamon pulled the second lever which opened the bookcase to the east.
“This one conceals an entire room,” he said as he opened it wider. “Your grandfather made all of this jewelry. Many might see this as wealth but to me its true value is in the memories it brings. There is a pin I want to give to you.”
He found the small round pin. It was a circle with a dragon in the middle of it. He handed it to Eamon.
“What’s this say on the back?” Eamon asked. “It looks like three words, but I can’t read it.”
“I’m not certain,” Kennard admitted. “I was told that it is a reminder of our duty as Lord Dracona to serve the people with honor. He said he had forgotten the language long ago. There is more.”
He picked up the rough stone box and piece of paper that sat on the end of one shelf.
“What is this?” Eamon asked as he set it on the table in the center of the room. “It’s just a square rock.”
“No, it’s a box. I don’t know what is in it, just that it must be guarded until it is needed to keep Dracona safe. Written on the paper is the key which must be memorized and passed to your son.”
He then carefully lifted the long wooden box from the shelf.
“These words don’t make any sense,” Eamon commented.
“It’s written in the language my father spoke before founding Dracona. He never would teach me more than a couple of words. Now this box is also to be kept safe until the day it is needed. All Father would tell me is that I should never touch anything inside the box because it will choose the man capable of wielding it.”
Eamon looked puzzled but gasped as Kennard opened the box to reveal the exquisite sword nestled in the fabric lining.
“Never attempt to touch it. It was forged in dragon fire the night before Malvin committed himself to the volcano.”
“How will we know who will be its bearer?” Miranda asked. “Certainly no one can claim it hidden in here.”
“I feel that the time approaches that it will be needed,” Kennard said. “What you do is up to you. I’ll help you with the proper pronunciation of the key for the box, but not anywhere near the box.”
Chapter Twenty Four: A Time of Change
Eamon looked up from his journal and rubbed his eyes. He was worried about his brother Rolfe. In spite of Eamon’s warnings, Rolfe had married a woman from the townspeople fifty years ago. Even Eamon’s son Bryant had told Rolfe it was a bad idea to marry someone so short lived, but Rolfe was determined. A knock at the door interrupted his thoughts.
“Come,” he said and Bryant opened the door.
“Are we going Father? Everything is packed and waiting on the horses,” Bryant said.
“Yes. I’ll be out soon,” Eamon said.
Bryant shut the door behind him as Eamon shut his journal. He soon had put it away in the secret bookcase. He was looking forward to this camping trip with Bryant. It would give him a break from his worries. He found Miranda waiting out in the courtyard with Bryant.
“Go and relax,” Miranda said after he kissed her. “I’ll take care of things while you are gone. Haskell can tell you if we need you back sooner.”
“Keep an eye on Rolfe and Emalyn,” Eamon said. “I noticed she has trouble staying awake and walking lately.”
“She’s nearly seventy,” Miranda said. “That’s older than most of her people live.”
“As much as I love Aunt Emalyn, I still think it was a mistake for Uncle Rolfe to marry her,” Bryant said.
They mounted up and rode out the portcullis into the town. Some of the people waved to them as they passed. The town had grown over the years and occasionally there were merchants that passed through. They reached the edge of town and took the path uphill into the mountains. At the top Eamon heard Bryant laugh just before he passed at a gallop. Eamon urged his mount to follow and they raced across the rolling field scattering the cattle. Being alone with Bryant always brightened his spirits.
‘Bryant enjoys it too,’ Haskell told him.
They slowed down as they reached the edge of the field. At the top of the hill they went around the rock outcropping to where they had camped before. Soon they had the horses unpacked and turned loose to graze.
“I love being alone up here with you,” Bryant said.
“I do too Son. It lets me forget about my duties as leader for a while.”
“Every time I do something with people my age everyone looks to me to decide what to do or to stop a fight,” Bryant said as he sat down. “It makes me uncomfortable.”
“You need to get used to it, Bryant. Someday Lord Dracona will be more than your title it will be your duty.”
“I’d be happy to be just one of the crowd for once. I don’t want to have to worry about taking care of anyone except myself and my family.”
“We don’t always get what we want. The people of Dracona need us to lead them,” Eamon said as he decided to change the subject. “I see you brought the practice blades. Want to have a duel?”
“Of course,” Bryant said as he quickly got to his feet.
As they dueled Eamon was having a hard time keeping up with Bryant. They tested each other’s skills for a while before Eamon disarmed Bryant. They drank some water and sat down to rest. They spent the rest of the day talking about trivial things and young women. He could tell that Bryant would soon be ready to choose a wife.
When Eamon lay down to sleep he watched the stars become brighter against the night sky. He remembered the times he had camped with his father and Rolfe. He wished Father was still alive to counsel Rolfe. When he slept his dreams were of the times he spent with his father and brother.
Eamon woke to find Bryant putting more wood on the fire. It was well past dawn.
“It’s about time you woke Father,” Bryant said. “You’ve been working too hard lately.”
“I know,” he replied.
“Do you think Haskell and Evelina will ever produce eggs? Other than Mackin they are the only dragons left.”
“They will produce eggs when the time is right is what Haskell told me,” Eamon said. “They need to keep the dragon population so the land can support them. When the queen dragon lays eggs it means they are ready to die. Evelina is not yet ready to die.”
Bryant nodded and began fixing breakfast. They spent another day camping before Haskell told him they should come home right away. It felt good to sleep in a soft bed with his wife again, but Emalyn was not doing well and Rolfe was distraught. Eamon fell asleep wondering what would happen when she died.
‘Wake up!’ Haskell’s voice had a panicked tone to it. ‘Emalyn has died and Rolfe is insane from grief! I can’t even get Mackin to respond to me!’
Eamon quickly dressed and grabbed his sword. He left the apartment and ran towards Bryant’s room. He saw Mackin with Rolfe mounted fly past the hall windows overlooking the mountain. Eamon pounded on Bryant’s door.
“What?” Bryant asked as he opened the door.
He seemed half asleep.
“Emalyn has died and Rolfe has gone insane! Get dressed and bring your sword!” Eamon commanded before running down the hall.
‘If we can’t stop Rolfe and Mackin people will die!’
He ran down the stairs to the open door of the caverns and mounted Haskell. As they rose into the sky they saw Mackin blowing flames as he dove towards the town surrounding the castle. Eamon realized that everything he knew was about to change forever.

Find out what happens next by reading Dracona’s Rebirth.
About the Author

Writing under the pen name V.J.O. Gardner, Valerie is an award winning author of full length fractured fairy tale fantasy novels. She has self published Blood of Ancient Kings which won an award in the very first contest she had ever entered. Her second book, Dracona’s Rebirth, is published by Ink Smith Publishing.
Always fascinated by both medieval times and sci-fi she was an avid reader and enjoyed a wide variety of literature and authors. She began writing in in the late 1980’s after graduating from Dixie State University in St. George, Utah, where she studied Fantasy Lit and Writing. Valerie is a member of the League of Utah Writers. Although she thought she was writing a short story when she began Dracona’s Rebirth it blossomed into the full novel it is today.
The good values Valerie was brought up with she instilled both in her children and in her writing. One of her first professional reviews commented that the story reminded him of the Boy Scout Law. While Valerie has been both a Boy Scout leader and a Girl Scout leader the story was written before then. You can visit her at http://www.vjogardner.com.
The Tales of Asculum and Map
A group of refugees stranded in the hostile snow covered north divide up hoping to find shelter on this world they call Asculum. All of the dragons and some of the people fly south in search of warmer climates while the rest of the people face a journey they are ill prepared for. They are lost and freezing as their leader urges them forward through the blizzard into the mountains for as a seer she knows that they will find temporary shelter there. They manage to stumble out of the snows into a paradise created by a ring of active volcanoes. Their magical talents become vital in building a city they name Glynis.
As they begin to settle into their new home their leader sends out small scouting parties to discover who inhabits this world. They find that while the people of Asculum look very much like them, they are a short lived primitive people. The people of Glynis learn what they can from these people without revealing that their past and magical abilities. They begin to make wagons and carriages for cargo and people. They even learn to make and use swords along with bows and arrows they’ve seen the people of Asculum using. As the people of Glynis search for a new home away from the volcanoes that could destroy their valley their past is forgotten. 
It is in this environment that the Tales of Asculum are set. Each book is meant to be a standalone book involving a particular region of the planet and the characters that inhabit that region.
You would think the life of a prince would be great, but for the crown prince of Brinley that’s far from the truth. The only others near his age in the palace are children of the servants who all tease him for having no name. When he goes into the military he must conceal his identity but finally gains some friends. When he is sent to deliver a message to the overthrown tyrant King Burkhart he falls in love with the one woman he knows he can’t have.
Aurita knows everyone hates her and her father but everyone is forbidden to tell her why. What she does know is that for her and her father the village is their prison and to leave seals their deaths. King Langward controls their lives including who she will marry when she is of age but he is kind to her. When King Langward’s son sends her a gift her father teaches her to read and write so she can send him a note to thank him. They begin to exchange letters. As the years pass she looks forward to the letters she gets from the prince but doesn’t dare admit she has fallen in love with him. When she meets the handsome corporal sent to deliver a message to her father her heart is torn between him and the prince.
The last Lord of Dracona is a lonely man with a dark past who is thrust into unexpected responsibilities. He lives alone in an empty castle in the center of the deserted town of Dracona. He faces tasks that he has no hope of accomplishing on his own and no one to turn to for help. Lord Dracona’s story includes a nation in search of the answer to an ancient riddle and another nation in the grip of a tyrant king. When he falls in love with a mysterious woman he goes from desperate for companionship and purpose to overwhelmed by new responsibilities as new citizens begin to arrive.
The new King of Burton is in search of a wife but is dissatisfied with the spoiled princesses sent by neighboring kingdoms to court him. At a dear friend’s funeral he falls in love with a beautiful servant girl that had a life of slavery and abuse. Through their love and perseverance they are able to unite several kingdoms in peace.
In the dying kingdom of Mannton women are not treated as people. They work for scraps of food and sleep on woven mats that will become their burial wrappings. This all changes after Li is purchased by the king to provide him an heir. He soon finds that she is no ordinary woman.
For more information and social links see http://www.vjogardner.com/

