
Tales Of The Echo Forest
Hold Me Not Through The Night
By
Buzz Smith
Published by Buzz Smith at Smashwords
Copyright 2010 Buzz Smith
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


HOLD ME NOT THROUGH THE NIGHT
The war had left many disputed land
boundaries but most of the families had
been content to live and let live.
Most were happy to get on with life,
accept the losses and begin healing and rebuilding…
Most.
Prologue
The weather, in a part of the world known as Kingsland, is temperate so her people have never known snow. Because of the weather, the good earth is fertile year round. However, in a time of bow and arrow, sword and shield and men in armor, even an idyllic world, can know problems.
There is greed and the struggle for power. There are poor who need food. There are the good who try to feed the poor and, of course, the bad that would exploit the poor. Then there are those who try to maintain a very delicate balance.
Though the people who know of them are few, the Children of Nature co-exist with man. As a child of nature, each knows of the balance that exists between man and nature. They also know of man’s foolishness, that thing called…war.
Man would go to war over just about anything. Man had unknowingly destroyed many of nature’s children while engaging in that silliness. Thankfully, though man had waged war many times over a millennium, the Children of Nature would continue.
Igus would only venture from the Echo Forest at night. He knew that his appearance to strangers oft resulted in them running away, so he avoided strangers whenever possible. On many of his walks, Loanna would accompany him. Loanna had lived in the forest since she was entrusted to Igus’ care when she was but two years old.
“You are very quiet tonight Igus, is something bothering you?” Loanna asked.  “I have a feeling I have much work to do, but I cannot seem to focus,” Igus replied, as they walked into the meadow, near the entrance to the Echo Forest.  “Are you concerned that the war may not be over? Are you worried it might get too close to the forest again?” “Slow down Loanna,” Igus said, “One question at a time! Yes, I am concerned. The peace that covers the land right now is …” Igus paused mid-sentence and pointed toward the Serenity River. Loanna’s gaze followed his finger to a campfire, a hundred yards from them.
“Who do you think that is?” Loanna asked. Igus held up his hand to quiet her. “I believe a piece of a puzzle has just arrived!” Igus said, as a small smile crossed his lips.
They carefully approached the lone figure at the fire. Loanna was always amazed at how quietly Igus could move his girth, he almost seemed to glide! They hid behind some bushes and watched the young man, who appeared to be a Priest, for what seemed an eternity. For Loanna, this was exceptionally hard.
“Why do we stay so long?” Loanna asked impatiently. “I knew you would get antsy, you have never learned stillness,” Igus chided. “It is not that I have not learned, I just do not like spying on anyone,” As she finished, Loanna gave Igus a smile that made him realize that she was no longer a babe that he would bounce on his knee. Loanna then turned her attention back to the stranger.
Igus watched Loanna studying the Priest and was amused, “I do not believe I have ever seen you look at a man that long,” Igus commented. “I am practicing... stillness,” Loanna replied coyly. Though she could not see the young man’s face because his shoulder length, brown hair was covering it, she could see that he was built more like a warrior than a Priest. Igus now shook her shoulder, “Loanna, come with me now!”
As they retreated from their hiding place, Igus decided it was time to meet the  stranger, “Loanna, I want you to prepare that young man for a little meeting.” Although Loanna loved Igus, she understood the need to initiate any contact.
The rustling from beyond the fire startled the stranger and he jumped to his feet, “Who is there!?” He demanded. “Do not be concerned sir, I am not dangerous!” Loanna asserted, trying not to giggle.
As she walked into the light of the fire, the stranger was taken aback by the beauty of the young woman in front of him. He could see that her blond hair must reach the small of her back, and how her eyes shimmered, sky blue, in the light of the campfire. Her soft features and perfect nose reminded him of a painting he had once seen in Welshire.
“My name is Loanna Walter sir,” As she spoke she could see that he was very handsome with chiseled features. She could feel his light brown eyes searching her face, her eyes and suddenly she was embarrassed.
“I am Devon Gable from the Monastery at Welshire,” He told her, as he searched for words, “Would you like something to eat?” He offered, pointing to a pot near the fire. “Thank you…Devon. Perhaps in a few moments, after I have introduced you to a good friend of mine,” Loanna said and motioned to an area beyond the fire. “Why is your friend hiding in the darkness?” Devon countered, “Could it be I am in danger after all?” Devon heard a great laugh from beyond the fire and Loanna smiled at him.
“No, you are in no danger, no need to be nervous! The reason he hides is so I can ease him into the light so you will not be…alarmed,” Loanna assured him. “I have seen men mutilated in the war, I do not believe I will…” Devon's voice trailed off, he now became aware of two yellow orbs coming into the light of the fire.
“What...Who are you!?” Devon stammered. Loanna tried to catch Devon as he stumbled backward. “This is my friend, Igus,” Loanna said quickly, not able to avoid stumbling with Devon.
Devon found himself staring into yellow-green eyes that sat below great brown eyebrows that resembled fur. Almost immediately, Devon’s fear subsided, there was something in Igus’ eyes, something…familiar. Once Devon got past Igus’ eyes, he now noticed that Igus was of average height with a build that would be considered portly. His face and neck seemed to meet at his shoulders and he wore a pale green robe that reached the ground that covered his girth and arms. Devon could also see that Igus’ ears were quite large and slightly pointed though partially covered by thick brown hair. As Igus saw Devon staring at his ears, his rounded face took on a sly smile.
“I know that you must have many questions, but first, did I hear you offering Loanna some of your food?” Igus asked, then laughed again, “Oh yes, I can hear many things with these!” Igus howled, pointing to his ears. Devon and Loanna both joined in the laughter as Devon helped Loanna up having just realized he was practically sitting in her lap.
“Yes, yes! Let us sit and eat! After all, it has been a long journey and I could use a little company,” As Devon said this, he did something that amazed Igus, he extended his hand, which Igus shook firmly.
Little was said while they ate. Igus sat and listened to the Serenity River as she slipped by. The river ran from Lake of Our Lady in the west, to Lake Hope in the southeast. As he finished the stew, Igus noticed how Devon was looking at Loanna. It was then that Igus cleared his throat and asked Devon a cryptic question, “What do you know of destiny, my young friend?”
In the weeks that followed their initial meeting Igus and Loanna would show Devon many things that Devon had taken for granted his whole life. Little things perhaps, but more so was the magic, magic that seemed to lay about in the open fields, the water and the forest. Igus had on many occasions hinted at a source of magic that Devon could not understand but seemed to make Loanna uneasy.
"Why are you allowing Devon so close to those things that I had to discover by accident?" Loanna lamented. Igus raised an eyebrow and answered sternly yet gently, "Do you really believe that all you have learned was an accident? Igus chided, "As far as Devon goes, I have been told that destiny requires that he knows of such things." "Though I am happy for Devon I do not believe it is fair,” Loanna lamented. Just then, Devon made his way into the clearing.
“What is not fair?” Devon asked as he walked up to them. “It is not fair for Igus to tie up all your time,” Loanna lied. Igus raised his eyebrows and walked into the forest. He knew that once Loanna and Devon started talking, nothing would be accomplished anyway.
§§§§§§§§§§§§
Devon was supposed to be there. He just did not know why!
Devon watched as Baroness Katryn of Cashell doted on her son, Gareth. It was his fifteenth birthday and as always, she gave a grand celebration on the north bank of the Serenity River. The celebration was also in memory of her husband, Gareth the first. His death in a battle, four years prior, devastated the beautiful Katryn.
Katryn’s sandy hair was normally braided and adorned with a herring bone comb. Her deep blue eyes still held a hint of sadness. As Katryn turned toward Devon, he bowed slightly at the waist.
“Good day Lady Katryn,” Devon said. “Father Devon, how nice of you to join us.”  “How kind of you to invite me my lady,” Devon replied. “Hello Father, how are you this fine day?” “Gareth! Happy birthday!” Devon exclaimed as he shook Gareth’s hand.
Just then, two men on horseback rounded the east corner of the manor. As they rode up and dismounted, Devon could see that one of them was Martin Landon. Martin was short and stocky, and his face held a constant scowl. Though a close friend and ally of the Cashells for years, Devon had always felt uneasy around him. Martin’s black hair covered his brown eyes so a person could not get a sense of what he was really thinking.
“Good day Martin. Where are Lisa and Melanie?” Katryn asked. “They will be here shortly. I wanted to speak with you before the celebration began, Sir Anthony has intercepted some disturbing news,” As Martin finished, he shook Gareth's hand, “Happy birthday Gareth!” “Thank you my lord.” “Father Devon, it is always good to see you,” Martin said, shaking Devon’s hand. “Gareth, please escort Martin to the study,” Katryn said, then added, “I will get Sir Ian and join you shortly. Father, please excuse us.”
“So Martin, what news has you so concerned?” Katryn asked as they entered the study and sat down. “I have heard that Richard Timlon is trying to legally annex the north land.” “Legally? I understand the word, but I seriously doubt that Richard Timlon does,” Katryn scoffed. “How long has he been trying my lord?” Gareth asked. “From what Anthony has told me, Richard has just sent the messenger within the last two days,” Martin replied. “Then we have more then ample time to formulate a plan,” Katryn said. “What do you say Ian?” Martin asked the old warrior.
Ian had been the captain of the guard for Cashell Manor since before young Gareth was born. He was a powerful man that could wield a broad sword with one arm. His graying brown hair attested his age and his sad bearded face showed scars that were not there. Though he had fought in many battles, he despised war. His gray eyes were tired of the violence.
“I think my lady is correct, but I also think it would be wise for your two families to file a petition of your own,” Ian answered. “We have fought side by side my old friend and I respect your opinion but Cashell has no claim on the land and I never wanted it,” Martin asserted. “Why not petition in the name of the Harrisons?”
Everyone turned and looked at Gareth. Katryn put her hand on his shoulder, “Yes, and why not?” She asked, smiling at him. Martin now joined in, “Actually it could work, their children survived the slaughter.” “Yes, and it was, after all, Timlon who led the attack,” Ian now interjected. Katryn nodded in agreement, “Yes, it may work. First thing tomorrow, we will send the petition to High Lord Thomas. But for now, I believe we have a celebration to attend.”
Devon was talking to Lisa and Melanie Landon as Katryn and the others emerged from the manor gates. “I thought that was very rude Martin, riding ahead like that,” Lisa said, obviously upset. Martin ignored his wife and went to his captain of the guard, Sir Anthony.
Devon had only talked to Anthony a few times, but found him a lout and a man of small statue, which Devon found odd for a captain of the guard. His dark brown hair was always disheveled and his beady brown eyes reminded Devon of a rodent stealing grain from a sack.
Katryn apologized to Lisa for delaying her husband. Though only a few years older then Katryn, Lisa’s light brown hair showed some gray. Her face shown defeat and sadness. Somewhere in her past she was probably beautiful, but now her blue eyes seemed to show defeat.
“I have come to accept that as normal. Husbands always have somewhere to go…” Lisa's voice trailed, having realized how insensitive she had been. Katryn put an arm around Lisa’s shoulders, “We have been friends too long to start walking on egg shells now.” “Thank you Katryn. Still, I should think more, I am sorry.” “Mother, Melanie and I are going to the Serenity River,” Gareth said, taking Melanie’s hand. “Yes, of course! I supposed you would want to swim before we eat,” Katryn said knowingly.
It was well known that Gareth and Melanie would one day wed. Devon watched the young couple and thought how well they were suited.
Melanie was a beautiful girl, whose brown hair was normally tied back with a bow. Her soft facial features, were accented by blue eyes that always held a smile, especially when she was with Gareth.
Gareth the Second, said to be the image of his father, was a handsome young man, with wavy brown hair. Though two years younger than Devon, he was almost as tall. He was built as a warrior, practicing long and hard with the broad sword. He had a strong face softened by light brown eyes, eyes that occasionally showed a hint of sadness. Devon assumed he still missed his father.
Gareth loved to swim and would spend many an afternoon, basking in the loving arms of the Serenity. This day was no different. With Melanie and Sir Ian in tow, Gareth was off to his favorite spot, no more than fifty yards from his mother. Yes, Gareth loved swimming and would boast how he could swim against any current. Perhaps he could, any other day… But not this day!
Katryn watched in horror as Gareth was swept down the river. It was a surreal scene. It seemed that nobody could move to help! Ian, who was on the bank, could only stare in disbelief. Melanie screamed for somebody to do something. It was then that Devon realized, why he was there, but what to do!? Suddenly, Igus was in Devon’s mind.
“Save the boy! I did not know what was going to happen, but now that it has, you must save the boy!” Devon could only stand frozen in fear, “But Igus, I cannot swim!” “Fine time to learn that!” Igus said, almost laughing, “Well, it is too late to learn the doggy paddle now! Just hold on and enjoy the ride my friend!” Before Devon could respond, he felt himself being thrown into the Serenity by unseen hands! “Igus, I told you I cannot swim!” Panic now strangled Devon’s voice. “Do not struggle so my friend, just grab the boy!” Igus exclaimed, as Gareth began to go under.
It would later be said that Devon was not swimming at all. Some would actually swear he glided through the water. One hysterical account had him walking on the river. As Devon reached the bank with Gareth and lay him on the soft grass, the spell that seemed to hold everybody in place…broke. Katryn was the first to reach them.
“You have saved my son!” Katryn shouted repeatedly. Devon was embarrassed at that, he now realized that Igus could have saved Gareth, without anyone getting wet. Melanie ran up and kneeled next to Katryn.
“Gareth! Is he all right my lady!?” Melanie shouted, tears filling her eyes. “Yes, he is coming around!” As Gareth’s eyes opened, Katryn looked at Devon, “You will be well rewarded!” Gareth now sat up and took Devon’s hand, “Thank you Father! My legs cramped up. I do not know what would have happened, if not for you.” Devon felt a blush coming to his face, “What use of reward, other than the blessing of God, the happiness on your face…” Devon started but was interrupted by Katryn, “You have given me back my son, good Father.” Devon started to protest when again, he heard Igus.
“Careful Devon! A humble man you may be, but a reward must be accepted!” Katryn stood and helped Gareth to his feet then continued. “Does a Priest not require a proper Parish? Ever since you came to Cashell you have held open-air services in the meadow near the Echo Forest. Would you not be more comfortable in a church?” She asked emphatically. Devon’s heart jumped at that. “Yes, I suppose more people would come to services knowing they would not get rained on,” He said, trying not to sound too anxious. “And I would think that a mill near a church would make enough money for upkeep,” Katryn said, starting to calm from her son’s near drowning. Devon now realized what Igus already knew. “My lady, you are much too kind…” Devon started, but Katryn cut him off again, “You have saved my dead husband’s son. You have given back to me the only thing that has kept me from total despair these last four years.”
They all returned to the Manor of Cashell, where the announcement took place. Katryn stood atop the stairs in the meeting hall and gestured to Devon to stand beside her.
“From this day forward it is decreed that the Echo Forest and all land directly south of the Serenity River is to become the property of the Parish of Devon,” Katryn proclaimed then turned to Devon, “I will have the masons construct a church and a mill near the Serenity. Thank you dear Devon, you have given back my son, my life.” As the guests applauded, Devon bowed humbly, “Thank you my lady, may God bless you.”
As Devon raised his head, he noticed that two people were not applauding, Richard Timlon and Bernard Chapman. The hate was evident. They were here as guests, but not friends. Devon felt they were wishing Gareth would have died. He wondered where they came from.
Richard Timlon was always cruel. He grew up in a hovel far from Kingsland, where there was too little food. He hated the rich and swore that he would have more. At thirteen, his parents died of the fever leaving him to fend for himself. He began stealing and found that he was quite good at it. By time he was sixteen he amassed enough money to buy a horse and sword. Over the next three years, Timlon was able to retain the services of rouge knights. They would rob at will, hiding their identities under black masks.
During Timlon’s travels, he met the fair Lynda. He was amazed that such a beautiful woman could love him. He knew he was not handsome by any stretch of the imagination. Though only twenty, his dark brown hair was already starting to recede. He would look in the mirror at a mildly pocked face. His dark brown, almost black, eyes, shown hatred. ‘But she still loves me’, he would think. His heart softened. She became the center of his universe. They wed the following year and before long, she was with child. Richard’s chest swelled at the thought of providing more than he had as a boy.
Then, the unthinkable happened, Lynda died giving birth to a son, Robert. Richard was never the same. He hated having to care for the son who killed the love of his life. Richard’s eyes would again show hate.
Robert also had that hate within him. Some would compassionately say it was because his mother had died giving him birth. Others, closer to Robert, knew his meanness came from the constant beatings by Richard, a father whose grief over the loss of his wife, ate at him every day like a cancer.
Bernard Chapman also grew up poor, but seemed happy. His brown eyes and bright smile, could help him charm a hand out from the coldest heart. Then the fever came to his village. Though he survived, the fever ravaged his face. It also affected his eyes, causing him to squint constantly. No woman would look at him. The loneliness was unbearable and he struck out at everybody in his path. He became a brawler, who was not above kicking old women as he robbed them. Love would never be a word in his vocabulary.
Timlon and Chapman first met in a battle outside of Linden, far to the east of Welshire. There would be no honor in their friendship, just a common bond born out of necessity. As warriors, they fought as equals, with one exception, Timlon always seemed to get the bigger share of the plunder. Though this never set well with Chapman, he had come to realize that Timlon was a better strategist, who would chose the most lucrative campaigns.
Timlon and Chapman had one hundred and thirty knights at their disposal and had initially aligned with the rebels fighting against Kingsland. But when the war closed in on south Kingsland, Timlon could see a whole new world opening. His ambition changed, he no longer wanted plunder, he wanted land.
“We have fought together for three years now Bernard, it is time to take our reward!” Richard exclaimed. “What are you saying? Yes, we have the men, but we still have no backing to take any land,” Bernard asserted. Richard tired of the way Bernard always seemed to dodge major decisions. “I fail to understand what it is you want! A guarantee?! I tell you that the time is now!” Richard demanded. “Do you really believe the High Lord will permit us any land? For these last years we have aligned against Thomas,” Bernard said, knowing that Richard must have a scheme churning in his mind. “I have already sent a courier to Thomas’ man at arms, Sir Geoffrey. I have offered our assistance at Welshire. If all goes well, we will be in position to take Harrison,” Richard said confidently. “But what if Landon comes to their aid?” Bernard asked. “He will refuse to help them. That, I will guarantee!” Richard sneered.
With Katryn’s reward to Devon, the forest would now be safe from future wars. Not even the worst madman would attack the property of a church. Devon’s mind was still reeling when he left the manor. As he walked through the main gate, Loanna playfully grabbed him from behind a bush.
“Boo!” She hollered with glee, giggling. “Stop that Loanna! Do you want the people to think I am without propriety?” Devon lamented, trying to sound firm. “Oh come now! We have known each other a year now, Father! What really concerns you? Perhaps that you have found that we need each other, or could it be you are embarrassed by me?” Loanna asked, immediately sorry she could not take it back. Devon looked at her, the hurt evident in his eyes. “This last year has been the happiest of my life. I have found that there is more to life than teaching the scriptures, than trying to save lost souls,” Devon said, as he tried to hide the pain she had just inflicted, “I do not think I need to justify anything I do. And no Loanna, I could never be ashamed of you,” Devon finished and turned away. He walked to the Echo Forest alone.
Devon walked into the clearing and could see Igus meditating atop the Great Rock. Devon could see that Igus appeared exhausted and went to the base of the rock. Igus opened his eyes ever so slowly, as if it took all of his strength.
“Igus! What is wrong!?” Devon exclaimed. “Do not worry my friend, it is sometimes the price we children pay for helping,” Igus replied slowly. “What are you saying? Will you be all right?” Devon asked more calmly. “Oh yes, I will eventually be fine. I have already begun to regain some of my strength. I will be fine in a few hours. You see, it takes little effort to contact people over distances. For example, what normally happens when I contact you?” Igus asked. “It is as though I am in a trance and cannot move. Then after we have spoken, my eyes flutter and I am normal again.” Devon replied. “Exactly. But when I am needed to help as I did today, obviously, you could not be immobilized for even a moment. I need to exert more energy to accomplish those tasks.” Igus explained. “Yes, I see.” Devon replied and looked at the ground. Igus had known Devon long enough to know that something was bothering him.
“What has you troubled Devon?” Igus asked. “Troubled? Perhaps I feel I have betrayed a trust,” Devon said, putting his head in his hands. “A trust, Devon?” “Yes, a trust Igus. I have accepted all that you have taught me, and I thank you, but what happened today was a lie!” Devon finished, confused. “How so Devon? Perhaps matters of the heart are what you are really talking of. Is that it Devon?” Igus said, as he watched Devon’s face. “Matters of the heart Igus? I am a Priest,” Devon said, still trying to clear his head of his meeting with Loanna, “Igus, I have done everything, everything you have asked. Katryn has given Echo Forest, and enough land that will serve to protect it…” “Hold now Devon,” Igus interrupted, “I have asked nothing more of you than your friendship. I have told you of what I know, and that you could be part of it. All the decisions still had to be… yours,” As Igus spoke, Devon’s mind slipped back to his first visit to the Echo Forest.
Igus led him through the woods and underbrush until they came to a clearing where the Great Rock rested. It was there that Devon first became aware of Igus’ powers. Igus actually floated to the top of the eight-foot high rock! He then looked at Devon with those eyes and waited for a reaction. “I think I should sit for a moment,” Devon said, then concluded this must be a dream.
“No Devon, not a dream, you are not going to awaken at your campfire near the Serenity,” Igus said, a wry smile crossing his lips. “You can read my mind too!” Devon gasped, momentarily amazed. Igus laughed mightily, “If only I could! No Devon, not exactly, but I am aware of human nature. I only surmised that is what you were thinking,” Devon laughed along with Igus. “Now, are you not glad I caught you?”
Devon turned toward Loanna's voice as she walked into the clearing, Devon then rose to his feet, “I prefer to remember that you were cushioning my fall,” Devon said, happy to see her again. Igus interrupted them, “Loanna, perhaps you could show Devon about the forest.”
As Loanna led Devon into the forest, she began pointing out different trees and foliage, explaining the idea of balancing nature.
“It is not that hard to understand. You simply replace what is used,” Loanna said. “I do find that all very interesting, but what of the people who live in this part of Kingsland?” Devon asked, his head bursting with questions. “You mean, what of Igus? It is Igus who is the forest,” Loanna began, “He is totally connected to it. I believe that if he left here for any great length of time, he would die,” As she finished, Devon noticed sadness in Loanna’s eyes, “What do you mean, Igus is the forest?” “Everything here responds to him. It is as if he communicates with it. As you come to know him, you will better understand what I mean. You do plan to stay, do you not Devon?” “I have not thought that far ahead. For now I need to clear my mind, try to digest these last two days,” Devon replied, but something in Devon knew he was going to stay. He wanted to learn of destiny.
Devon’s mind drifted back to the present and realized Igus was watching him. “I am sorry Igus, I seem to have been day dreaming,” “Yes, of course. You have done that a lot of that over the past year. Keeping your attention has been one of the things that keeps us from progressing,” Igus finished, raising his great brows. Devon was embarrassed. He knew the importance of learning as much as he could. He also now knew that Igus’ insight was more than mere intuition.
“Igus, let us be frank. I came here to escape. The war had done many things to everybody. Decisions made will follow all of us for a lifetime. For me, the decision was that of…cowardice,” Devon said, finally admitting what was in his heart. Igus sat and measured Devon’s words for a moment.
“Devon, I never realized that is how you felt. I could sense that you had something gnawing at you but what makes you think you are a coward?” Igus asked. “I ran from Welshire Igus. I could no longer face the death and destruction. Igus what can I do?” Devon said, not able to look at Igus. Igus’ eyes suddenly flashed with a realization.
“Devon, you are not a coward,” Igus said softly. “How can you say that after what I have told you?” Devon asked. “No Devon, listen. Two years ago, when the war was waning, while you were considering taking your final vows, you had a dream,” Igus stopped, watching Devon for his reaction, then continued, “Though the war would not last much longer, there were still small battles taking place around Welshire.” “How do you know of these things Igus? That is over a hundred miles away,” Devon asked, listening intently now. “I know what I know Devon, now let me continue. The dream was a nudge, if you will, from destiny. Though I do not know the contents of the dream, it did give you a direction. No Devon, you did not run away, you merely followed destiny’s plan.” Igus said waiting for Devon’s reaction. “I have carried this guilt for a long time. I wish I had told you sooner, you could have absolved it anytime during this last year,” Devon said, more calmly than Igus expected, “But why me Igus, why not Loanna, she has been more privy to the knowledge of the children, why me?” “Devon, there is so much more to it than just you or I. This forest, perhaps this whole countryside depended on destiny’s choice…” Devon suddenly cut Igus off, “What choice would that be Igus!? It seems that all the choices have been made for me! I could not even save Gareth on my own!” Anger now clouded Devon’s mind. “Devon, the truth…” Igus started, but again was cut off by Devon, “What truth Igus!? It now seems that I have no control at all! I should have listened to Father Leonis and stayed at the monastery.” Devon then thought back to his final conversation with Leonis.
“Devon it makes no sense, you have lived and studied here since your parents were killed over fourteen years ago,” Leonis said. “I am sorry Father, but I cannot explain it. For months now, something has felt wrong.” “You have been an excellent student. You have been a tremendous help mending the wounded, not to mention a good friend to the other novices. Have you lost your faith Devon?” “No Father, my faith is stronger than ever, I just cannot take the final vows. I am going to request you allow me a sabbatical leave, to spread the word outside these walls.” “Devon, you have been as a son to me. Though I think it is a mistake, I will allow it. The necessary documents will be drawn up so you can travel.” Father Leonis then put his hands on Devon’s shoulders, “Go my son, but know you will be missed.”
“What are you thinking Devon?”  Igus asked quietly, jarring Devon back to the moment. “You say it was a dream that brought me here. How do you know?” Devon asked. “I am not sure. I was only aware that someone was coming, someone that destiny had chosen,” Igus replied. Devon looked at Igus and thought for a moment. He thought of all he had learned at the monastery. He then thought of how much more he had learned since. He then looked squarely at Igus.
“I have but one question, all I ask, is that you answer truthfully. Am I in control of my mind?” Devon asked. Igus felt relieved, “Yes Devon. To my knowledge, the only time your thoughts were interfered with, was in the dream.” “Then, I suppose it is time to let go of the past. It actually has been a wonderful year after all.” Devon said, now smiling. “You are wise beyond your years Devon. It is an honor to have you as a friend,” Igus said, knowing that destiny was not finished with Devon Gable.
During the following year, while the church was being built, Devon spent many hours in the forest. Save his first visit to the Echo Forest when Igus levitated to the top of the great rock, Devon had seen little evidence of the magic Igus had talked of, however, Igus was about to introduce him to the crystals.
Devon seemed to take no time learning how to relax and meditate. As Igus handed him a crystal, he could feel a warmth and kind of tingling sensation go up and down his spine within moments. Though Devon could not seem to focus long enough to understand what Igus explained as a communication of sorts with the crystal’s power, he was on a path to learning after a few short months.
Loanna saw that Igus was showing Devon much more than she had ever been allowed but tried to hide her feelings. It did not go un-noticed by Devon. One day, Devon could not abide the friction any longer.
"What I am about to show you is the basis for all the magic each child of nature learns. You must also remember that this magic is of nature...," Igus' voice trailed off as he noticed Devon looking to Loanna, who had just walked into the clearing. Devon felt suddenly torn between two people he had come to care deeply for, and looked at Igus.
"I do not pretend to know what my role in destiny is or if the knowledge of the crystals is crucial to that end, but I do know that every time I am here with my friends, I feel as a wedge separating you both. I will be the reason of your discord no longer. Igus, I will, of course, visit the Echo Forest often, but from this day on, I will have nothing more to do with the crystals,” Devon stated firmly.
Gareth sat by the Serenity and wondered why it had turned on him last year. Of course, he also remembered how foolish he felt, after all, he had just finished boasting to Melanie of how he was the best swimmer in the land. He was deep in thought and did not hear Katryn approach.
“Gareth.” “Mother, you gave me a start!” “I am sorry, I saw you sitting here and thought you might need some company,” Katryn said, sitting next to him. “Actually, I was thinking of last year’s celebration.” Katryn shivered as she remembered also, “Yes, that was quite a scare, but you should not dwell on it.” Katryn said, trying not to make too light of it. “Mother, these last five years have not been easy, you know that. You must also know that Melanie and I have grown…to love one another.” Katryn knew of Gareth’s love for Melanie. As they sat quietly, watching the Serenity slip by, Katryn thought back to the first celebration. She also remembered her husband.
Gareth the First, was a powerful man with a gentle disposition. His wavy brown hair and soft brown eyes caught the attention of every maiden in the area. But Gareth did not marry until he met Katryn. She was sixteen when they met and Gareth found himself smitten. Though he was twenty-two, Katryn’s father gladly gave Gareth permission to court her. Gareth won the affections of the beautiful Katryn and they married within a year. Gareth the second was born less than ten months later. Katryn was as happy as a woman could be until the war found Kingsland.
When young Gareth was eight years old, Gareth the First invited Martin, Lord of the Manor of Landon, to Cashell. Gareth extended his hand to Martin. As they shook hands, Martin introduced his wife Lisa and their daughter Melanie. Gareth in turn introduced his wife Katryn and their son. Gareth instructed Sir Ian to escort the women and children to the Serenity for a picnic, as he and Martin went to share an ale and talk of an alliance. The two families became quick friends, as did the children, who seemed inseparable as the years passed.
When High Lord Thomas, asked for troops to defend Welshire, the forces of Cashell and Landon fought side by side. It was in the second year of the war that Gareth was struck down in battle. They were able to get him back to Cashell before he died.
As they stood at his bedside, Gareth opened his eyes, “Thank you Martin for getting me home one last time. You have been a good friend and ally.” “You would have done nothing less for me my friend,” Martin said, squeezing Gareth’s limp hand. “Sir Ian, please show everyone out. I need to be alone with Katryn and my son,” Gareth said weakly. “Yes my lord,” Ian said, knowing the end was near.
As the others left, Katryn went to his side and softy kissed his forehead. Young Gareth, tears flowing from his eyes, stood at the foot of the bed.
“My beloved Katryn, no man could have asked for a better wife. This wound has finished me. I know the pain you are feeling, but you must be strong for our son and for the people who look to us for protection. Do not close your heart, my love,” Gareth said. Katryn buried her head in his chest and cried.
“Gareth, my son, do not be afraid, come to my side.” Gareth went his father’s side, “Oh father, what does it mean?” He asked, tears staining his face. “Many things in life change. Death is one of those changes,” Gareth said, putting his arm around his son, “I love you and your mother very much and will miss you both. Now, you also must be strong and take care of your mother. I know you are very young, but I have faith in you.” Gareth put his head on his father’s shoulder, “I love you father.” That was the last thing his father heard.
As the war moved to the northeast and the countryside began to pick up the pieces, Katryn thought that a celebration might help lighten the air of doom that surrounded the manor. She decided to hold it on Gareth’s eleventh birthday, which became a yearly event. She made a guest list and had Sir Ian deliver the invitations.
“Lady Katryn, two of the names on this list, with all due respect, are a mistake,” Ian cautioned.  “Why do you say a mistake Ian?” Katryn asked. “As you well remember, the Harrisons were slaughtered prior to the battle of Welshire.” “Yes Ian, the whole countryside was in shock. If I remember correctly, the children survived.” “Yes, James Harrison got wind of the attack and sent them away. His wife would not leave her husband’s side though and paid the price. The attack was to take place at the same time a message was being received in Welshire. Timlon and Chapman promised that their knights would assist Thomas in any future battles. The message also hinted that the Harrisons were traitors,” Ian said in disgust. “It is obvious that is why Thomas allowed Timlon and Chapman to split the Harrison land.” “Yes my lady, though they initially aligned themselves against Kingsland, they changed sides just prior to the battle at Welshire. After that battle was won, Lord Thomas could do nothing less,” As Ian finished, he could see that Katryn was in deep thought. “I have never met Timlon or Chapman, though I have heard of their viciousness. I believe it is wise to know any potential enemy. What do you think Ian?” Katryn asked slyly. Ian smiled, “I think my lady might teach this old warrior a trick or two.”
It was a perfect day. Katryn had the kitchen staff set up a serving area about a hundred yards from the Serenity, under a great oak tree. A pit had been dug to roast beef, pork and chicken. As the guests arrived, the adults were seated at tables and the children escorted to an area where they could play and enjoy the fresh air. At the main table, Gareth sat to the right of Katryn. On her left were Ian and his wife Jean.
Jean was somewhat a surprise for the old warrior. He had oft said that he would never marry. Jean however, had other ideas. Though twelve years younger than Ian, she was drawn to him. She had raven black hair that barely touched her shoulders. Her rounded face and pert nose were accented by light brown, doe-like eyes. A year after their wedding, she bore a son, Frances, who was now two.
Katryn was quite pleased that all the guests seemed to be enjoying the festivities. After they all ate, Katryn stood and raised her glass. All the guests fell silent and she began.
“To my late husband, Gareth the First!” Katryn announced. A cheer went up from the guests. Katryn then turned to her son, “To my son on his eleventh birthday!” Another cheer went up. Gareth’s face went red. Though he loved his mother, he wished he could be with the other children, with Melanie. Katryn could see how uncomfortable he was and smiled at him.
“I believe Sir Ian has a surprise for you my son,” Katryn said, nodding at Ian. With that, Ian rose and went behind the great oak. He reappeared holding the reins to a chestnut colt. Gareth’s eyes got as big as saucers.
“Is he mine mother?!” “Yes my son, yours to enjoy, well, as soon as somebody volunteers to teach you to ride,” She said, as Gareth ran to her open arms. Ian knew his cue, “It would be an honor to teach him my lady.” “Thank you Ian, you may begin tomorrow. Gareth, what name would you give your pony?” Gareth thought for a moment, “Would Sojourn be a good name mother?” “It is perfect my son,” Katryn smiled.
Gareth received many gifts that day including a bow from Martin, who promised to teach him archery. It seemed that everyone was having a very good time and Katryn decided it was time to meet Richard Timlon and Bernard Chapman.
With Ian at her side, Katryn began to thank the other guests. She did not want to go directly to Richard Timlon. As she approached him, she became aware of how short he was. He had a scar that ran from his right ear to the crook of his mouth. She also noticed that his dark brown, almost black eyes, seemed to show contempt at her very presence. ‘Nasty little man’, she thought.
“Good afternoon Lady Cashell, thank you for inviting me, though I must admit, it was unexpected,” Richard said, bowing slightly. “The war in this area has ended. All the families must begin to trust again. Is there any reason for me to mistrust you sir?” As Katryn finished, she allowed a smile to cross her lips. “No, no reason at all. The land I have gained for my allegiance to Kingsland is reward enough,” Richard replied, as his son ran up to him.
“Father, come see, there are going to be foot races!” Richard raised his hand as though he were going to strike the boy, then relented, realizing he was being watched. “This is my son, Robert,” Richard said, trying to regain his composure. Katryn looked at the boy noticing there was no resemblance. Robert had blue eyes and light brown hair. Compared to Richard, the boy was handsome.
“Well hello Robert and how old are you?” Katryn asked, noting the boy must be Gareth’s age. “Thirteen my lady. Father, the races are about to begin.” “Excuse me my lady, the boy has a lot of energy.” As Timlon and his son walked away, Katryn spoke softly to Ian, “We will have to watch that one.” “Yes my lady and let us not forget Bernard Chapman.”
She could see Chapman talking with Martin and wondered what they might have in common. As she approached them, Martin smiled and introduced him.
“Lady Katryn, this is Bernard Chapman.” “Lady Cashell, thank you for having me. I was sorry to hear of your husband’s passing, he was a great warrior,” Bernard said, bowing slightly. “Yes, he was, thank you. But did you know him...sir?” Katryn asked tersely. “No my lady, I never had the pleasure.” “Perhaps, had you not been fighting along side the rebels, you might have had the honor of meeting him. Come Ian, I have other guests to attend,” Katryn stated abruptly as she walked away. When they were out of ear shot Katryn spoke.
“Did you see how pocked his face was Ian?” “Yes my lady, it is typical. The fever that struck the far north, over twenty years ago, left many with such scars,” Ian answered. “Is that what also causes him to squint so? I thought he was trying to look through me!” “Yes my lady, it is as if the afflicted are allergic to the sun itself.”
“Mother? Are you thinking of father?” Gareth asked, jarring Katryn back to the present. “Yes, even after five years, his face is with me, as is his love for us,” Katryn sighed, “But enough of that, your birthday is but a month away, the biggest one yet! Tell me, what do you want this year.” “Oh mother, I am no longer a boy. Although I do enjoy the celebration, I do not enjoy the obligatory gifts. Moreover, and please, do not think me ungrateful, there is at least one family I wish you would not invite,” Gareth complained. “Yes my son, I understand that you and Robert Timlon are not the best of friends…” “Friends!?” Gareth cut Katryn off, “I cannot stand the sight of him!” “Calm down,” Katryn said, trying to soothe his anger, “I can understand your feelings, but you are old enough to understand diplomacy. I have invited the Timlons each year to avoid ruffling any feathers.” “I am sorry mother. Yes, I do understand. I have listened well to Ian and Martin. They have been good teachers and friends. Nevertheless, Robert is not a normal adversary. He bullied me for three years, but last year that all stopped and now it seems he will not be happy until he finds a way to get Melanie away from me,” Gareth said as he stood. “What do you mean, it stopped last year?” “Mother, look at me, do you really think anybody could bully me, now.”
Katryn looked at Gareth, as if for the first time in years. He was almost as big as his father was and the resemblance was uncanny. “When did you grow up?” She asked, as she stood and put her arms around his broad shoulders, “And as far as Melanie is concerned, do you really think she could ever want the likes of Robert?” “No mother, but that family is no good and I am quite sure that something is afoot.” “Are you talking about the disputed land that we petitioned for in the name of the Harrison children?” Katryn asked. “Yes mother, what takes so long? It is clear that land should be turned over to the Harrison survivors.” “Gareth, it goes back to diplomacy. Timlon fought for Kingsland at a crucial time during the war and now Lord Thomas wants to be fair. Come my son, let us go back to the manor, there is much to do before the celebration.”
Devon walked to the Great Rock but Igus was not there, “Igus? Are you here?” He shouted. “No, he is not in the forest,” Loanna said, walking into the clearing. “Not in the forest? Are you sure?” “Unless he is intentionally hiding from me, I have not seen him for two days.” She explained, sounding anxious. “You have known Igus for a long time, has he ever left the forest for any length of time?” Devon asked, also concerned. Loanna thought back to a time that Igus was very sick.
“Only once that I can remember. About eight years ago Igus grew very ill. He was gone for seven days. When I next saw him he was sitting upon the Great Rock.” Loanna threw her arms around Devon, “Oh Devon, I thought he was dying!” Devon held her a moment, as she cried softly. “Why did you think that,” He asked, now stroking her soft hair. “He was barely breathing, his face was pale and he would not eat. But he told me not to worry, that he would be all right and after a few days he was,” Loanna said. “Did he ever say where he had gone?” “Yes Devon, an old friend took him to the Blue Isle.” “The Blue Isle?” “Yes, but that is a long story.” She sobbed. “What do you think we should do?” Devon asked, now realizing he had been holding Loanna much too comfortably. As he let her go, she took his hand and held it to her cheek.
“Loanna I do not believe this is the time…” Loanna put her finger over Devon’s lips, hushing him, “Will there ever be a time for us, Devon?” Devon felt flushed, “I wish I could answer that honestly. It is true, you have had a special place in my heart ever since that first night by the Serenity. But you must realize where my heart was for the preceding years.” “I do not want to pressure you Devon. You know how I feel, but eventually your heart has to decide.” As Loanna walked away, she told him she would search for Igus deeper into the forest. Devon felt alone. Making sense of anything would have to wait. Igus was missing.
Devon could not decide where to begin. Igus was always there. He thought back to last year when they saved Gareth, how Igus communicated with him. He recalled how he was physically moved by Igus’ mind. He thought of the crystals. Though he did not understand it all, it did give him a thought. Devon climbed onto the Great Rock and sat down. He picked up a white crystal that Igus always meditated with, he could not have expected what happened next! Though he was not alarmed by the initial tingling, the crystal started to vibrate within his hands! He could feel his arms and legs get very warm, suddenly, Igus was with him!
“I knew you would figure it out!” Igus exclaimed, wrapping his arms around Devon. “What do you mean, ‘figure it out?’” Devon asked, stunned and relieved at the same time. “Over the past two years I have communicated with you many times, without words. This was just a little test to see if you had learned how you might find me if you had to,” Igus said, releasing him and gliding down to the forest floor. Now Devon was angry.
“Do you know how upset your test has made Loanna!? She has searched high and low for you. She was afraid you might be hurt!” Devon finished, looking at Igus, whose head was down. “I am sorry Devon, I should have told her.” “She said she was going to search deeper in the forest for you, I have got to go find her.” “Devon,” Igus said, smiling now, “You need not move an inch.” “What do you mean…” Devon’s voice trailed off. “Take the white crystal and try to concentrate on Loanna, you can tell her to come here! Go ahead, try!” Igus directed.
Devon closed his eyes and relaxed, the tingling and warmth came again this time though, more...controlled. Loanna was about two miles from them. She had searched the caves and had decided to try an area near the lake.
“Loanna!” Loanna stopped in her tracks as her eyes went blank, “Devon? Is that you?” “Yes Loanna, I have found Igus.” “Where are you hiding Devon?” She asked, thinking he was playing a game with her. “I am in the clearing with Igus. Please come here.” Loanna’s eyes fluttered and she smiled, now realizing what was going on, and started back. As she came to the clearing, she could see Devon sitting on the Great Rock and Igus standing beside it. She ran into Igus’ open arms.
“I was so worried. Where were you? Why did you not come when I called!?” After Igus explained, Loanna became angry. “Do not do that again, ever!” She shouted, stomping her foot as to bring the point home. “Once again, I am very sorry. But it did accomplish something, did it not?” Igus finished, smiling at Devon. Loanna’s eyes met Devon’s.
They sat at the table as they had for the first celebration, except that now, Melanie was seated to Katryn's immediate left. Katryn rose and lifted her glass. “To my son on his sixteenth birthday!” A cheer erupted from all the guests, as it quieted, Katryn continued, “You have given me nothing but joy and love. Now I expect the time is growing near, you will give me something….More?” Katryn said, glancing at Melanie. All the guests caught the meaning and laughed. Gareth’s cheeks went red, while Melanie just smiled sheepishly.
At every celebration, Gareth was given a special gift. This year, Ian suggested that Katryn give Gareth something very special indeed. Katryn continued after the guests again quieted.
“My son becomes Lord of Cashell on this day!” She announced. All the guests  applauded and shouted their approval. As the cheering subsided, Katryn continued, “In honor of Gareth’s assent to Lord Cashell, I could think of only one thing to give him. Sir Ian, please bring the case to me.” Ian stood and set a finely carved box in front of Katryn. She then turned to her son.
“Gareth, you have trained harder than any knight could. Not only do I turn over control of Cashell’s forces to you, I give you this,” Katryn now bent to open the box as the guests strained to see what it was, “My son, your father’s sword.” Gareth removed his own sword from its sheath and handed it to Ian. He took his father’s sword in his hands, then held it up for all the guests to see.
“I will carry this with great pride and honor!” Gareth declared. He then placed the sword in his sheath, and put his arms around Katryn, “Thank you mother, there could not have been a better present.” All the guests applauded and cheered. Almost all, Robert Timlon only walked away.
As Katryn walked around thanking each guest for coming, Ian suggested that it was time that Gareth should be properly addressed, after all, he was now Lord Cashell.
“Gareth is loved by the people of Cashell, they have come to know him as Gareth, what would you have me do?” Katryn asked. Ian smiled at Katryn, “You will not mind if I call him, my lord, will you, Lady Katryn.” “Ian, you have been a friend of this family for longer than I can remember, if you chose to call him son, I think I would not be upset. Now let us continue.”
Richard Timlon bowed as Katryn approached, “My lady, as always I appreciate your invitation, but for a change, could we fore go the niceties. You do not like me and I do not care. You have invited me these last years just to keep an eye on me. I do not believe it will be necessary to invite me again.” Ian immediately grabbed Richard by the scruff of his neck, “You filthy little swine…” “Release him Ian!” Katryn commanded. Gareth saw the commotion and came running as the other guests also ran to see what the matter was.
“What goes on Ian!?” Gareth demanded.  “This idiot has insulted Lady Katryn!” Ian exclaimed. Gareth put his hand on the hilt of his sword but Katryn stopped him. “No my son! This is a celebration! Ian, Please release him,” Katryn now said calmly. Ian looked at Katryn then at Gareth. Gareth nodded his head and Ian complied.
“I do not pretend to understand your outburst sir, but I believe you have over-stayed your welcome,” Katryn said, then turned to Ian, “Please escort Lord Timlon to his mount,” She said with a smile. As she turned her back on Timlon, she could see Martin with Bernard Chapman and walked up to them.
“What was that all about Katryn?” Martin asked. “It seems that Timlon was not enjoying himself,” She replied dryly. “I am sure you remember Bernard Chapman,” Martin now said. Katryn looked at the ugly little man and suddenly lost all sense of diplomacy, “Oh yes, I do remember, he would be just one more of the traitors that ravished this land.” Katryn had indeed finished with all the niceties, “Ian, take Lord Chapman with you also!” Katryn shouted over her shoulder. Katryn then turned to the other guests, “Come my friends, let us continue with the celebration!” A cheer went up and they all returned to the festivities.
After the guests left, Katryn summoned Ian to the study. “I think you realize your words were too harsh,” Ian said, as he sat down. “Perhaps, but as we walked up to Chapman, I remembered the other celebrations. Do you remember going around with me as we thanked the guests?" Ian raised a brow as in deep thought, suddenly his bearded face took on a look of surprise, “Yes! Yes my lady, Martin and Chapman have always seemed to have something to talk about.” “I remember wondering about it, but kept dismissing it as diplomacy,” Katryn reflected, “Ian, I do not like thinking that such a dear friend of the family could betray us, but I will not take any chances. Timlon seemed too cocky today.” “I understand my lady, I will check around to see what I can learn.” “Thank you Ian, I hope my suspicions are unfounded.”
“The gall of that witch! Who does she think she is!” Bernard exclaimed, after being told to leave Cashell. “Who cares? She only invited us so she could look down her nose at us,” Richard answered. “Do you not think I know that. But she made us look like fools!” “It does not matter Bernard, it will not be long until I annex the north land.” “How can you be so sure?” Bernard asked. “I sent Anthony to Welshire two weeks ago, it seems that the Harrison survivors have died in a fire,” Richard seethed as an evil smile crossed his lips.
Robert was drinking tea when Richard walked into the drawing room at Timlon. “Do you think that nobody saw you slink away from the party like the mouse you are!?” Richard shouted, “Do you know how foolish that made you look!” “But father, I…” Richard interrupted Robert with a backhand across his face that sent Robert reeling, “Do not call me father! How many times do I have to say it!” “Yes…sir, I am sorry,” Robert said, getting back on his feet. “You are sorry all right, so sorry you have not even been able to find a wife. You will take a wife soon or be disowned, do you understand?!” “I want to marry but the girl I care for will not even look at me,” Robert replied, staying out of his father’s reach. “Who is she that would have nothing to do with you?” Richard demanded. “Melanie Landon would be my choice.” “What do you see in that little girl?” Richard asked, glaring at his son. “Melanie is almost sixteen, hardly a little girl and she is beautiful,” Robert said, almost sighing as he thought of her face. “So, what stops you from courting her?” Richard asked. “Everybody knows she is going to marry Gareth…” Robert was cut off as Richard’s man at arms, Jonathan, rushed into the study.
“Since when do you come in without knocking!” Richard bellowed. “I am sorry my lord, but I thought you might want to see this immediately!” Jonathan explained, handing him a document. As Richard finished reading the paper, he threw his hands into the air, “Yes! Finally, it is mine! Jonathan, I want you to catch up to Bernard and tell him to come here as soon as possible.” “Yes my lord, I passed him on the way here.”
“What is it…sir?” Robert asked, as Jonathan left. “You are a total idiot, what is the one thing I have wanted for all this time?” Richard sneered. “The land? They have allowed you the land?!” “Not only the land, but the right to remove anybody on it,” Richard said, smiling as another idea came to him, “So, you want Melanie as your wife?” Robert now smiled also.
Devon walked with Loanna into the Echo Forest. As they came into the clearing they could see that Igus was in deep meditation. They sat at the base of the rock and waited. They both knew that Igus was communicating with the forest and should not be disturbed. After a few minutes, Igus’ eyes opened. Loanna spoke first.
“Do you know that Lord Thomas has given the north land to Richard Timlon?” Loanna asked. “Yes, but I fear the worse is yet to come. It is imperative that Devon and I talk alone, would you leave us for a while Loanna?” “Of course.” As she got up to leave, she squeezed Devon’s hand. After she left the clearing, Igus began.
“Devon, there is no easy way to ask you about your personal life,” Igus said. “What are you getting at Igus?” “Devon, do you love Loanna?” Igus asked squarely. Devon was taken aback. “Igus, that is not an easy question, I mean it is not…” Devon could not find the words. “You fight your heart everyday. The answer has been there since the first day the two of you met. It is time you admit the truth.” “All right, yes, I do love her. She has given me so much joy that sometimes I think it must be… a sin.” “And there is the problem then, am I correct?” “Yes Igus, loving Loanna is not enough. If I marry her, I would have to give up the church. If I give up the church, it would be well within Katryn’s right to take back the Parish…” Igus held up a hand, cutting Devon off, “Devon, you know much about the church law, but apparently nothing of the law of the land.” “What are you saying Igus?” “You are but a novice priest, you have not taken your final vows yet, as such you can marry.” Devon now interrupted Igus. “I know that Igus, but…” “Devon, let me finish! Go to Katryn and ask her permission. She will approve the marriage and give you a document naming you Minister of the Parish. You and Loanna will be wed and you will still teach the scriptures.” Devon jumped to his feet, “Igus! Are you sure I will get permission!?” “From Katryn, yes, from Loanna? That is another story,” Igus laughed long and hard at that. Loanna walked into the clearing, it was obvious she had been listening the whole time.
“After all your planning, I suppose somebody should ask me what I want.” Devon and Igus looked at each other and Devon blushed. Igus just laughed, he of course knew that Loanna had not gone very far. Igus then looked at Devon and nodded. Devon walked to Loanna and took her hand.
“Loanna, I have always known that life without you would be impossible. I love you and ask you now to be my wife.” “Devon, you have filled a void in my life. I have loved you since the moment our eyes met. Yes Devon, it will be an honor to be your wife.” Devon took her into his arms. Then they kissed, ever so gently and stood holding each other. “It seems somebody has forgotten that I am here,” Igus said, now standing at the base of the rock. The two walked up to him. “It looks like congratulations are in order!” Igus said, as he put his arms around them both.
Katryn indeed, did agree, as Igus had predicted. They held the wedding three months after Timlon acquired the land from Lord Thomas. Devon and Loanna decided to be married in the meadow just outside the forest so Igus could watch. Katryn insisted on supplying food and refreshments. Igus could see Gareth and Melanie and sensed the time was growing near. Then he saw Loanna.
The wisp of a girl was now a beautiful woman. She was dressed in a light blue gown with billowing sleeves down to her wrists. Above her waist, she wore a yellow and pink vest. Upon her head, was a wreath of yellow jasmine and violet periwinkle. She had her long golden hair braided, which was Katryn’s idea.
Devon was dressed in a traditional white tunic tied at the waist with a black, embroidered sash. He was actually quite handsome, Igus thought.
Devon had written to his old mentor Leonis, who made the long journey to perform the ceremony. At sixty years, Leonis stood tall. His wispy white hair however, made him look almost fragile. The old Priest’s light brown eyes held a smile as he watched Devon and Loanna approach the make shift altar. Of all the weddings he had performed, this one was most special for him.
“We gather here today, in the eyes of God, to witness the union of Devon and Loanna,” Leonis began, “Loanna, will you have Devon as your husband?” “I will Father,” She said, smiling at Devon. “And will you Devon, have Loanna as your wife.” “I will Father,” He said, looking into Loanna’s eyes.” “Will each of you give a ring as a symbol of your pledge to love and honor each other for as long as you both shall live.” “Yes Father,” They said in unison. Leonis handed each a ring, “Devon put this ring on Loanna’s finger.” He did so. “Loanna put this ring on Devon’s finger.” Which she did. “Your friends have witnessed the giving and receiving of rings. Please kneel my children.” As Leonis blessed them, everyone bowed their heads.
“Dear Lord, bless these two spirits who have come before you to be joined as one. Allow happiness to follow them as they begin their journey as man and wife. Amen. You may now rise and face your friends.” As they did, Leonis put a hand on each of their shoulders, “Ladies and gentleman, it is my pleasure to introduce Devon and Loanna Gable.” All the guests stood and applauded. Somebody yelled to Devon, “What are you waiting for Devon!? Kiss her already!” Devon turned and looked at Loanna, “I will love you forever.” As he finished kissing her, Loanna took his hand, “And I will love you always.”
While Devon and Loanna walked among the guests thanking them for coming, Katryn stood talking to Father Leonis, “Devon has done a lot of good here. We would have been much poorer had he stayed at Welshire.” “I cannot say that we have not missed him, but I can see that he chose his path correctly,” Leonis said happily.
Katryn, Gareth and Ian visited Landon Manor a week after Devon and Loanna’s marriage. They were welcomed into the drawing room by Lisa and Martin. Gareth went directly to Martin and shook his hand.
“My lord, I would like your permission to wed your daughter,” Gareth said formally. “I had a feeling that you would be touched by last week’s wedding, I actually expected you to ask then!” Martin exclaimed, slapping Gareth on the back. “It was Devon and Loanna’s day. I thought it best to wait...” Gareth started, but was cut off as Anthony came into the room.
“My lord! Lord Timlon demands an audience with you!. He has twenty knights and Robert with him and he says it is urgent,” Anthony said closing the door behind him. Martin looked at the others and his face reddened. “What gives him the right to demand anything!?” Martin exclaimed. “I am sorry my lord, he would only say that you would...understand?” Anthony conveyed. “Katryn, Gareth, I know of your distaste for the Timlons, I could ask him to wait...” Martin started, but Gareth held up his hand, “Not at all my lord, this is, after all your home. Please ask them to join us,” Gareth said graciously. Martin then sent Anthony to escort the Timlons to the drawing room.
“What do you think it is about?” Lisa asked her husband. “No doubt it has to do with the north land that he was given over three months ago.” “I fear it is more than that,” Katryn added.
When the Timlons entered the room, Martin immediately admonished Richard, “Are your manners so impaired that you would demand an audience!?”  Richard looked around the room, “It is not a matter of etiquette that brings me here Landon.” He said, then turned to Katryn, “It is good to see you again my lady and I see Gareth and Ian are here also. Richard then turned to Martin, “Landon, my son wishes to wed Melanie.” “Over my dead body!” Gareth interrupted, putting his hand on the hilt of his sword. “Careful what you wish boy,” Richard sneered, as Ian held Gareth back.
“What makes you think I would even consider such an unholy union!?” Martin now asked. “Quite frankly, this is a private matter, I will speak when you clear the room,” Richard now said. “You risk much Timlon…” Martin started. “No! It is you and yours that are at risk! Now, shall we talk alone?” Richard finished. “Katryn would you mind, I will send a messenger after I settle this business,” Martin said, now realizing the possible danger she could be in by staying. “Yes, of course. I will await your message,” Katryn replied. Gareth could not believe what was happening and as he neared the door, he lunged at Robert, knocking him over! “Gareth! Leave now!” Martin shouted. Gareth glared at Martin, and walked out.
On the ride back to Cashell, Katryn knew what the outcome of the meeting would be. Timlon acted too sure of himself. No, this was not a bluff.
“Ian, I need alternatives, we all know what is happening,” She said, hoping he could think of something that slipped past her own mind. “Sadly, my lady, Richard must have everything he needs to force the wedding…” Gareth cut Ian off, “You are saying that animal gets his way, just like that!?” Gareth hollered then started to turn his horse. Ian however, grabbed the reins of Sojourn. “Let me go Ian, I will end it! I will kill both of them!” Gareth commanded. “No my lord, we must bide our time! If I thought killing the Timlons would solve the problem, I would do so in your stead! They would hang me, but your two families would be safe,” Ian said sensibly. Gareth stopped struggling. “Yes, I know you are right. Can we petition Lord Thomas again?” Gareth asked, getting off his horse. Katryn and Ian dismounted.
“No my son, in hindsight, it was Martin who should have filed the original petition. Why did he not want the land? Ian, when I asked you to check on Martin, did you learn anything?” Katryn asked. “No my lady, even though there was talk of some doings, that may not have been proper, I shook it off as innuendo.” “You were checking on Martin!?” Gareth asked, in disbelief. “My son, something has been wrong over the last five years. It started when your father died. I just have not been able to put my finger on it. Ian, when we get back to Cashell, perhaps you can try to dig deeper,” Katryn suggested. “And I will assemble the knights and archers,” Gareth asserted, “If trouble is brewing, we will be prepared.”
Ian and Katryn stood behind Gareth atop the battlement. Gareth’s men stood quietly in the courtyard below. “We have lived in peace, uneasy perhaps, but peace none the less!” Gareth shouted, “With this peace, has come complacency, but we will be lax no longer! You must all hone your skills to a fine edge! We must not drop our guard!” As Gareth finished, the courtyard erupted as all of Gareth’s men raised their fists into the air and roared their approval. Gareth then turned to Ian and Katryn, when Ian responded.
“As always my lord, I am here to serve you,” Ian asserted. “Ian, our men must train everyday. The squires must be pressed also. You and I must go over the defenses and fortify where necessary.” “Yes my lord, you can depend on me. Your family has treated the people of Cashell justly and with respect. We will not allow the animals any quarter, should they be foolish enough to attack…” Gareth interrupted Ian, “They are not all animals! It was not that long ago that they all attended the celebration. The Timlons and Chapmans...” Katryn now cut Gareth off, “My son, your hurt runs deep, but the facts cannot be dismissed. I am afraid that Martin will promise Melanie to Robert to avert a battle, all we can do now is be ready.” “Your mother is right, the time to prepare is at hand,” Ian affirmed. Gareth, though it was hard to accept, knew that they were right, “Ian, have Sir Douglas take over the training of the archers.” “Yes my lord, I will also insure the batteries are taken care of.” As Ian finished, Gareth walked away thinking of his beloved Melanie.
Devon and Loanna came into the clearing at Echo Forest. “So how is married life treating you two?” Igus asked, noticing that they both seemed to glow. “It has been wonderful, but I do not think that is why you summoned us,” Loanna said, sensing there was trouble. “I am sure you both know that Melanie Landon has been promised to Robert Timlon,” Igus said. “Yes, Gareth came to me shortly after it happened. He asked me to pray with him, to ask God to give him strength,” Devon replied. “He is such a nice young man, I feel so sorry for him,” Loanna added. “It goes much farther than that. Now, let us discuss why I have asked you here.” As they sat down, Igus smiled, “How do you two feel about children?”
Gareth was no longer welcomed at Landon. It had been a month since Timlon had demanded the marriage of Robert and Melanie. However, Gareth still had friends in Landon and arranged a meeting with Melanie near the Serenity.
“What is your father thinking Melanie!? He has known for a long time that you and I would one day wed!” Gareth exclaimed, almost pleading. Melanie took his hands in hers, her heart was breaking too. She looked at his face deeply, not wanting to forget a single feature. It was Gareth who broke the moment.
“We could go away my love, go…” He was quieted as Melanie put her fingers to his lips, “Dearest Gareth, we both know that is not the answer,” She said softly and sensibly, “Our love has grown righteous and strong over the years, but this is as nothing compared to the safety of our families.” “Is there nothing I could do to change your father’s mind,” He said, his voice now cracking. “My father loves me very much and practically considers you a son. He would cut off an arm, if he thought that would help.” “The people should have banded together when those animals first attacked the Harrisons!” Gareth exclaimed, with a hatred that Melanie had never heard in his voice before. She buried her face in his chest, looking for words to soothe him, she could not find them. Gareth took her face in his hands and kissed her ever so quickly.
“My heart has been ripped out,” He said hopelessly, “My life is gone and over. But for you, my love, I pray you are safe and somehow find solace.” As he turned and walked away, he could hear her crying, “Goodbye my beloved Gareth. My heart goes with you and shall never again be open.”
The moon sat low in the night sky. Devon and Loanna sat drinking tea knowing that they would have a visitor. There was a light knock at the door. Devon looked at Loanna.
“This is it, are you sure about everything?” Devon asked, giving her hand a squeeze. “Yes my love, there is too much at stake to back down,” As Loanna finished, Devon went and opened the door.
“Melanie, come in and sit down,” Devon said as he pulled out a chair. “Devon, Loanna, I have sinned and now the price of that sin could be much destruction. I am with child, with Gareth’s child,” Melanie confessed, lowering her head. “We know Melanie,” Devon said. Melanie lifted her head, her mouth opened in surprise. “You know!? But I have not told any one, does anybody else know?” She asked, now scared more than ever. Loanna went to her and kneeled beside her, “Do not worry, we are friends and are only here to help.” “But what can be done! They have set the date. In two months I am to wed!” Melanie exclaimed, then began crying, her world crashing down around her, “Gareth was right, he said we should run away!” “No Melanie, as you told Gareth that last meeting, that would not have worked,” Devon said, wishing it were an option. Melanie was now in awe of how much they knew, “I do not know how you are aware of so many things, but this problem is not going away.” Loanna took her hand, “Melanie, there is somebody we want you to meet. Will you come with us?”
As they led Melanie through the forest, they tried to prepare her. Igus had told them what could be done, but nobody could be sure of the outcome. When they came into the clearing, Melanie became aware of the being sitting upon the Great Rock. Igus’ eyes were the first things she noticed. Almost instantly, her fear was alleviated. Something told her she could trust him. It was not long before the clearing was bathed in a blinding light and then it was over.
Melanie awoke in her bed. She thought something was missing, but could not figure it out. As she went about getting dressed, she noticed a small red circle near her belly. She was moving as if in a dream. It was then that a knock came at her door.
“Who is it?” Melanie asked, still in a fog. Lisa walked in with some tea, “How are you this fine morning. Did you sleep well?” “I had a strange dream mother, disturbing.” “What do you mean Melanie?” “I think I must have been walking in the forest. Suddenly there was a flash of light and I was floating! Out of nowhere, a voice was telling me to relax, that all would be well,” Melanie said, visibly shaken. Lisa came to her and felt her forehead, “You do not have a fever, is your stomach upset?” “No, not any more than it has been since father promised me to Robert. Oh mother! How can he do this to me!?” “Melanie, I realize it has not been easy for you. Your father's decision was not made lightly. There are many things you do not understand.” “Mother, if this marriage saves one life, I will accept my fate. However, I will never accept Robert as anything more than the pig he is.” Lisa went to Melanie and held her, “My dear daughter, you are still young. These things, that are evident now, are not necessarily written in stone,” Lisa asserted, knowing there were always options.
Katryn, Gareth and Ian sat in the study. “Have you compiled a mapping of the defenses Gareth?” Katryn asked. “Yes mother, it is all completed. As you well know, the area to the east is inaccessible to any intruder because of Lost Man’s Ravine,” He said, pointing to a map. Ian now joined in, “And as you can see my lady, the only other two areas where an attack could occur are here and here.” Katryn could see what Ian was saying,
“Yes, the north of Cashell is bordered by the High Lord’s land. Any attack there would need Lord Thomas’ permission, and that is not very likely. So, the only real threat would be to the southeast, between the Serenity and the Lost Man’s Ravine.” “Yes mother, but Martin would never allow that, would he?” Katryn looked to Ian, “Ian have you been able to find anything out?” “While there is nothing positive at the moment, I am still checking out a rumor,” Ian said, looking dismayed. “This is the first you have spoke of a rumor Ian, you are supposed to keep me informed,” Gareth said, almost demanding. “I am sorry my lord, but I did not want to give this particular report until I could substantiate it,” Ian said. Katryn held up her hand, “Do not be so hard on Ian my son, but Ian, now is not the time for worrying about hurt feelings. What is the rumor?” “I have learned that Martin may have denied the Harrison’s plea for help before Timlon and Chapman attacked,” Ian replied. “That is not a crime Ian. Our own family could not aid everyone that asked,” Katryn countered. “I understand that my lady, but the rumor implies Martin was told by Timlon not to interfere. I have sent ten men to seek out Kenneth Berham. He is the only one left that would any first hand knowledge,” Ian now stated. “Kenneth Berham? That sounds familiar, who is he?” Katryn asked. “Kenneth Berham was the captain of the guard for the Harrisons...” Katryn cut Ian off, “But I thought that all the knights of Harrison had perished! How did he survive?” “It seems Sir Kenneth was a coward. He had heard the attack was coming and ran,” Ian said.
It took two weeks to search out Kenneth Berham. He was finally located in a squalid dwelling west of Welshire. He was cleaned up, fed, then brought to Cashell.
“So Berham, is there any truth to the rumor,” Katryn asked, visibly repulsed by Berham’s presence. “What do I get?” Berham had barely finished when Ian slapped him, “This is not a time to bargain coward! We could take you to Thomas, he would know how to deal with you! Now answer Lady Katryn!” “Yes, yes of course! You cannot blame me for trying. It is not a rumor! Landon was told not to assist the Harrisons,” Berham conceded, wiping blood from his mouth. “How can you be so sure?” Gareth asked, not wanting to believe that Martin would side with Timlon. “The same way I know that your father would still be alive today, if not for Landon,” Berham sneered, now aware that he still might get a reward, then added, “What would that information be worth!?” Gareth and Katryn stared at each other in disbelief.
Ian grabbed Berham by his throat, “What are you saying!?” Ian shouted. “Ian! Leave him be!” Katryn commanded. Ian looked at Katryn and released his grip. “My lady is very wise. Now, what would my information worth?” Berham asked, rubbing his neck. “You will leave here with a horse and enough gold for a fresh start. But if I find you to be lying, Ian will decide your fate!” Katryn exclaimed. “Fair enough! Ian himself is the proof!” Berham blurted out, then sat back and smiled. Katryn and Gareth looked at Ian. “What are you saying!?” Gareth demanded. “All Ian needs to do, is to think back to the battle that killed Gareth the First,” Berham insisted. Katryn looked at Ian as tears came to her eyes. “We have never spoke of that Ian. Is there anything in your memory that might help?” Gareth asked, as he went to Katryn’s side.
As Ian thought back, he could see the tree line, about two hundred yards away. Gareth stopped the men and had them dismount. A messenger from the Kingsland guard reported that rebels were held up within the forest. The plan was for the Kingsland guard to enter the forest from the north. They would then stage the initial attack. Once the fighting had begun, Gareth’s knights would attack to the south. Martin’s knights were to protect Gareth’s right flank. The fighting was light at first, but as the Kingsland guard pushed them south, the rebels found themselves trapped, the only way out was east. Suddenly a realization came to Ian.
“That is it!” Ian shouted, “Martin’s knights were late! Lord Gareth and I were separated! That is when the battle closed in around us. We found we had been flanked. If Martin had been on time…” Ian stopped, and glared at a smiling Berham. “Did you ever question him about that Ian?” Gareth asked, a strain in his voice. “No my lord, It had never occurred to me that we were betrayed, until now. We lost twenty-eight men that day. Martin lost only one,” Ian recounted. Katryn sat up straight, a determined look came over her face, “Give Berham what he was promised Ian, then send a message to Landon,” As Katryn finished, Gareth could see that her tears were gone.
Martin did not come alone. Two knights and Sir Anthony accompanied him. Though he did not think Katryn would do him any harm, he was all too aware of Gareth’s anger. As they entered the study, Martin bowed.
“Good day Katryn, you are looking well…” Martin had barely finished when Gareth, with six knights, rushed into the study and disarmed Martin and his men.
“What goes on!? Katryn, is this how you treat your guests!?” Martin shouted, now fearing for his life. Katryn walked to him and slapped his face. “You dare think that I could have any manners left?! All these years you have acted as a friend, you are no more than a traitor!” Katryn exclaimed, waiting for his denial. “What are you talking about…?” Again, Katryn shut Martin up with a slap across his face. “Where were you when my husband was struck down!?” Katryn demanded, noticing the fear in his eyes. Martin looked at Ian, ‘They knew’, he now realized.
“Ian! You were there! You know my men and I were on your right flank!” Martin screamed, trying to throw some doubt into their minds. Ian spit in Martin’s face, “It took me all these years to figure out what actually happened. If you would have been on time, the rebels would not have been able to surround us!” “So what now?” Martin asked, suddenly calm, knowing he was cornered, “That was over five years ago, a war was being waged. Do you really think you can do anything about it now?” He said, almost righteously. Gareth drew his sword and put the blade against Martin’s throat. “Go ahead Gareth, you will hang for murder!” Martin yelled. “Gareth, put the sword away. He is right,” Katryn said, mad now that she had not handled this differently, “I did not bring you here to kill you, just to confirm the truth. I feel sorry for Lisa and Melanie, your actions will mark them also. One final thing, what kind of man would deprive his only child of happiness,” She finished, motioning to Ian to remove them. “Katryn, if I could change any…” Martin started, but was immediately cut off by Katryn, “Get him out of here! Now!”
When Ian returned, Katryn already had decided she would appeal to Lord Thomas for justice, “Ian, at first light tomorrow I want to travel to Lord Thomas’ castle.” “Yes my lady, I will prepare for the journey immediately.” As Ian left, Katryn went to Gareth.
“My son, while I am gone you must keep our forces training. Though I realize I might not accomplish anything, the days ahead are uncertain and we must be prepared.” “I understand mother.”
The word had spread quickly. As the Timlons and Bernard Chapman rode into the Landon courtyard, Martin ushered them to the drawing room.
“This will be a fine mess!” Martin began, “It was not bad enough to be humiliated by Katryn, no, now she goes to Welshire seeking permission to take my head!” “I think your making much ado about nothing Martin,” Bernard said, off handedly. “I tend to agree.” Richard said, adding, “Do you really think Katryn will attack at the risk of Lisa and Gareth’s precious Melanie.” “You have used my family as bargaining chips for the last time!” Martin barely finished, as Richard pushed him up against the wall, "Do not threaten me Martin!” Bernard and Robert joined in and held Martin against the wall. “Oh you thought you were so clever. You thought you had hid your trail. I have to wonder what Lord Thomas would do to the killer of...” Richard stopped, he now saw Lisa entering the room. “Killer of what Martin?" Lisa asked.
The three men immediately released Martin. “Do you mean you never told your dear wife? Oh, that is right, you did not know each other then...” “Shut up Richard!” Martin exclaimed, cutting him off. “What is it all about Martin, what is he saying?” Lisa asked, as she closed the door. “It is of no concern of yours Lisa, now please, leave us alone!” Martin demanded. Lisa walked over to him, “If it is a concern of yours, then is it not my problem also?” She insisted. “Lisa, I have asked you to leave, now go!” “Martin…” She started, but Martin slapped her and shouted, “Get out, now!” Lisa ran out the door crying.
“My, my, you are a brave man,” Richard sneered. “Why do we even bother Richard? We have everything we want, why get involved in his new trouble?” Bernard said, as he closed the door behind Lisa. “Bernard, my old friend, although we did not kill Lord Thomas’ daughter, we are still connected because we did not turn Martin in.” “But that was twenty years ago, how could they connect us.” Bernard insisted. Richard raised an eyebrow at Bernard, “I cannot think anymore. Martin this is your mess, the least you could do is get some food!” Richard demanded. Martin glared at Richard and walked out. As soon as he left, Richard started.
“Bernard, I do not know what you are thinking, we need him!” Richard contended. “For what? Welshire has given us the north land, what is left?” Robert now interrupted Bernard, “It is as plain as the nose on your face! If Martin dies before I marry Melanie, Landon manor reverts to Lisa. She would then cancel the wedding.” “Robert, you surprise me. Do you understand now Bernard? All the subterfuge would be for nothing. Everybody thinks it is still about land rights not blackmail.” Richard said, “So we keep Martin safe and sound until after the nuptials.” “That is all well and good from your view point, what is in it for me?” Bernard now asked. “Your greed is what has made us such a good alliance Bernard. After the wedding, and after Martin has been disposed of, you will annex what is now Timlon manor,” Martin said.
Martin returned with wine and cheese. Not much was said as they ate. The plan had already been set, only Martin was not aware of it. But then again, nobody was aware that anyone was listening.
“Mother!” Melanie cried, “Mother!” “Melanie, what is wrong?” “Mother, when father hit you, I almost ran away.” “You saw then.” Lisa’s heart sank. “Yes, but I stayed very quiet. I was afraid of what father would do if he knew that I had a hiding place in the drawing room.” “Melanie, your father has much on his mind…” “No mother! I have heard of more then his betrayal of Gareth’s father. Richard Timlon said that father had killed Lord Thomas’ daughter twenty years ago! Then, when father went for food, they talked of killing father after I was wed to Robert.” Lisa’s Mouth dropped. She had known that Richard and Bernard had something on Martin, but she had never dreamed, “Get a bag and pack some clothes. We will go to the only safe place I know!”
Lisa had decided from the beginning that Melanie would not marry Robert. Martin had destroyed any love she felt for him years before, and vowed he would not destroy Melanie's life too. There were many caves near Lost Man’s Ravine. During the war, Lisa would take Melanie there to hide. After Martin had announced the engagement, Lisa again began visiting the caves.
Lisa and Melanie’s disappearance did not sit well with Timlon who demanded that Martin send a message to Gareth to meet near the entrance of Cashell. Though Martin tired of Richard’s ranting, he too wondered if Gareth had any idea of where his wife and daughter were.
“What could you possibly want to talk about Landon!?” The hate in Gareth’s voice made Martin wince. “Gareth, the knights you have behind you, make your chest swell…” “I need no knights traitor!” Gareth cut him off, “It is you who needs protection. I would suggest you state your business and leave before I cut out your heart!” “Would you tempt fate, boy!?” Richard Timlon now demanded, riding up to Martin’s side. “So Martin, you have sided with the devil again. I trust, that not one of you, would dismount and do me battle, man to man!” Gareth now challenged. “This is not the time Gareth!” Martin exclaimed, “Lisa and Melanie are no where to be found. They have been missing for a week, are they at Cashell?” Gareth’s heart sank, “No. What are you saying Martin?” “I would have expected no less!” Richard interrupted, “He wants Melanie and now that mommy is off to Welshire, he thinks he can spirit them away without retribution!” Gareth could hear his archers drawing their bows. “No!” He commanded, “This will not accomplish anything! Martin, will you accept…that we talk?” Martin motioned for his men to retreat. Gareth then did the same. They were alone, Martin with his guilt, Gareth with his pain.
“Martin, you have said that Lisa and Melanie are missing. Why come here?” “Gareth you have known of the trouble between Lisa and me. When I promised Melanie to Robert, I was afraid to go to bed, I thought she would kill me in my sleep!” Gareth tired of his rambling, “Martin, what do you want of me? You killed my father, you have stole my life from me. What is it Martin, what do you want!?” “Gareth, I have asked you here to clear the air. Your father was a dear friend. Withholding my troops that day, causing your father’s death, has ate at me.” Gareth held up his hand to stop him, “That is all well and good, but you should go to Devon for absolution. He may even ask that God forgive you!” “You need to listen to me Gareth! I am going to tell you a terrible secret…”
Martin never had a chance to finish, an arrow ripped through his chest! The surprise on his face was final, he died instantly. Gareth looked to the direction of where the arrow came from. He could see Bernard Chapman pulling another arrow from his quiver. All was clear now. With Lisa missing and Martin dead, there was nothing to stop them from taking Landon! Lisa had unwittingly taken Richard’s side. There was only one hope, but Richard had already thought of that! As Gareth called for his men, he started to maneuver, but too late, an arrow slammed into Bernard’s neck!
“Imagine that!” Richard exclaimed, smiling, as he walked into the opening, “There was a murderer among us! I am glad I was here to avenge poor Martin!” Gareth now realized Richard had planned everything. “You could have just wounded him, animal!” Gareth shouted. The smile on Richard’s face disappeared, “Careful Gareth and I may let you live!” “Archers!” Gareth commanded. Within a second, thirty archers had drawn down on Richard.
“No Timlon! Although you have killed today, under the guise of honor, the only other death would be your own!” Gareth shouted. Richard could see that now was not the time, “It is not my intention to engage in a fruitless battle, on the contrary Gareth, as new neighbors we should put things in perspective…” “Neighbors!?” Gareth yelled, “You may think you have won this day. But no Timlon, this is not over!” Gareth finished and turned to go. “That is it boy, walk away! Next time we meet, be prepared to fight!” Timlon hollered after him.
Lisa had stored water and food stuffs enough to last months. The heavy blankets she brought on the last trip would keep them warm, a fire would be out of the question.
“Mother! Knights from Landon and Cashell approach!” Melanie exclaimed. Lisa came to the mouth of the cave and looked in the direction Melanie was pointing. From their vantage point, about a hundred and fifty yards away, they could see clearly, but had no idea what was being said between Gareth and Martin.
“They may be flying the banner of Landon, but I do not recognize any of the knights,” Lisa observed. “Yes, you are right mother…” Just then, the arrow felled Martin! Melanie started to scream, but Lisa quickly put her hand over her mouth.
“I know it is painful my daughter, but we must stay quiet!” Melanie shook her head and Lisa lowered her hand. The tears were flowing from Melanie’s eyes, “Mother, do you think he is dead…” “Melanie look!” Lisa whispered. They now watched Richard Timlon let loose an arrow and Bernard Chapman fall. “Mother, Gareth is going to attack Timlon!” “No, I do not believe so. Sir Ian is not with him. Although Gareth is a very capable fighter, I do not think he would battle blindly.” As Lisa had predicted, both parties retreated.
“Mother! They are leaving father!” Melanie exclaimed. “No daughter! It is Timlon who leaves him! If I ever get the chance, I will see him hanged!” Lisa seethed, now realizing how completely unscrupulous Timlon was.
As night fell, Lisa and Melanie left the cave, planning to bury Martin, then continue on to Cashell. As they approached his body Lisa could see his eyes were wide open. She put herself in front of Melanie and quickly bent down to close them.
“Melanie gather rocks while I dig a shallow grave,” Lisa commanded. Melanie cried softly as she went about her task. After they finished burying Martin, Melanie bent and prayed. “When it is safe, we will have Devon bless this spot. Come Melanie, we must not linger any longer,” Lisa asserted. “Mother, what of Chapman? Surely he deserves better.” “We cannot risk staying any longer, there is no tell…” Lisa never finished, an arrow out of the darkness split her shoulders with a dull thud!
“Mother!” Melanie screamed, as she ran to Lisa’s side. “Melanie, run! Do not worry about me, seek out Gareth! Hurry!” As Melanie turned to run, Robert grabbed her by the hair, “If I did not know better, I would think you did not want to marry me.” He sneered. “Let me go you pig!” Melanie demanded. “It seems your betrothed is upset Robert,” Richard said, with an evil laugh. He then turned his attention to Lisa, who he could see was still breathing.
"Ah yes! Lady Lisa! You thought you were so clever. But you were seen this afternoon!” Richard scoffed “Stay away from her Timlon! This will mean your death!” Melanie hollered, trying to break free of Robert’s grip. “Do not struggle my love, I do not want to hurt you,” Robert said, laughing as he put his arm around her waist. “If Gareth were here…” Melanie began, but was cut off by Robert. “But he is not here!” Robert yelled, throwing her to the ground. “Easy Robert, save that for your wedding night!” Richard said with a howl, “Now, let us return to our new home.” “But what of mother!?” Melanie demanded. “She is practically dead and of no use to anybody.” Richard said, then accentuated that by kicking Lisa’s limp body. That was too much for Melanie, who let out a scream and slipped into unconsciousness.
Two yellow orbs watched as they rode away.
Gareth could see the tower watch waving his arms wildly and ran to see what was the matter. “Lord Gareth, Lady Katryn returns!” The watch yelled. Gareth mounted Sojourn and rode out to meet her. As he rounded the manor, he could see that forty or fifty of the royal guardsmen were accompanying them.
“Mother! What is happening!? Is there trouble!?” Gareth shouted. “Only for Martin Landon!” Katryn exclaimed, “We will talk after we get to the manor. Ian please have a squire ride ahead and have the kitchen prepare for our guests.”
After they dismounted, Katryn instructed the squires to see that the guardsmen were fed and made comfortable. She then gave Gareth a hug, “Let us retire to the study, Ian and I have much to tell you,” She said, glad to be home. “Yes mother, and I am afraid I have news of my own.”
As they sat down Katryn began, “We were well received at Welshire. Lord Thomas listened to all the facts and agreed that Martin could be tried for murder.” “Murder!? How did you prove murder?” Gareth asked, knowing it did not matter anyway. “Actually it was Ian who turned the tide.” Katryn said, looking to Ian. “Yes my lord. I pointed out to him, that by denying promised aid, Martin might as well have struck your father down with his own sword.” “Then that is why the guardsmen are here, to take Martin to Welshire. Too little, too late.” Gareth said dejectedly. “What are you saying my son?” “Mother, Martin is dead.” “Dead! Oh Gareth you did not…” “No mother, though I had the opportunity.”
Gareth told them about Lisa and Melanie being missing. He then told them how Bernard killed Martin.
“It was then that Timlon killed his own ally, Chapman,” Gareth finished. Katryn looked at Gareth with disbelief, “That dirty little animal. He has waged a war right under our noses.” “Not only that my lady, he made sure to have a very credible witness.” Ian added. “The only thing that seemed odd was that Sir Anthony was not with Martin,” Gareth remarked, “And now that I think back, none of Martin’s knights were there.” “Ian, please ask the captain of the guardsmen to join us,” Katryn said, trying to put the pieces together, “Gareth, you must try to find Lisa and Melanie. Richard Timlon may yet be dealt with.”
Devon and Loanna welcomed Gareth and asked of Katryn’s trip to Welshire. As he explained the details, he could see Devon’s eyes go blank, “Devon, are you all right?” “Yes, I just got lost in thought. Gareth, you say you have looked high and low for Lisa and Melanie.” “Yes, I have asked everyone, a week has passed with no word.” Loanna could now sense what Devon already knew, “Have you searched in the Echo Forest Gareth?” Loanna asked. “No, I really do not think they would go there. The tales surrounding the forest had always scared Melanie.” “Perhaps, but with what is at stake, is it not worth a try?” Devon added, noticing Loanna’s sly smile. “Yes, I suppose you are right, I will go at once.” Gareth replied. Loanna then stood up, “Devon, why not join him?” “Yes, the more eyes the better!” Devon quickly agreed.
As they entered the forest, Loanna took the lead. She knew where they could approach Igus without startling Gareth too much.
“Gareth, you are about to meet a good friend of mine,” Devon announced, trying to prepare him. “You have a friend who lives so deep in the forest?” “Yes, but I must warn you of his appearance.” “Why? Was he disfigured in the war?” “No Gareth, but I must ask you to trust me. Look past his features, allow yourself to remain calm.” “Devon, I owe you my life, how could I not trust you?”
As they came into the clearing, Gareth could see a figure sitting upon a massive rock. Though he could only see his back, he instantly noticed the odd garb and stopped. Devon took his arm.
“Come Gareth, you have nothing to fear.” Loanna, who was already at the rock, smiled at Gareth, “Gareth, this is our dear friend Igus.” Igus now laughed, “Come closer my young friend, I will not bite you!” Gareth could see his face for the first time and found himself transfixed by Igus’ eyes, “I have to sit down!” Devon and Loanna also sat.
“Pardon me sir, I do not mean to stare, but…” Gareth started, but Igus cut him off. “Yes, yes. I know. You should have seen Devon when we first met, he ended up sitting in Loanna’s lap!” Igus cackled. Devon and Loanna laughed along and could see Gareth was becoming more relaxed.
“So Gareth of Cashell, you are in need of some information,” Igus said as he floated to the forest floor. Gareth, though totally in awe, answered, “Yes sir…” “Igus...please,” Igus interrupted. “I am sorry… Igus, much is happening, Martin Landon has been slain. His wife and daughter are missing.” “Do you love her very much Gareth?” Igus asked. Gareth looked at Igus with surprise, then looked at Devon and Loanna, then looked back to Igus, “Yes, with all my heart, but Melanie has been promised to Robert Timlon.” “Come Gareth, I believe I can help alleviate some of your anxiety.” Igus said, putting out his hand to help Gareth up.
They followed Igus deeper into the forest. After walking about three miles, they came to a wall of vines. Igus stood in front of the wall, his hands in a praying position, his eyes closed.  After a moment he began separating his hands, the wall of vines began separating also, revealing the mouth of a cave! Gareth could only stare with disbelief. Igus now motioned them to follow as he finally spoke.
“In a little while we will come to a small pool. This pool connects to the caves, near Lost Man’s Ravine. Gareth, when we get into the water just try and relax. Devon and Loanna have been through the pools many times and can tell you are in no danger.” Igus explained. “From here to the other side of Cashell! I cannot hold my breath that long!” “Gareth, everything will be fine,” Loanna said, smiling at him.
When they reached the waters edge, Gareth took Devon’s hand and took in as much air as he could. They then jumped in and almost instantly found themselves on the bottom! Gareth was amazed by the lights and colors that surrounded him. He felt himself being pulled along, not really in control. It was almost like a dream. Then it was over! As they emerged from the water, Gareth could see that they were not in the same cave.
“Outstanding!” Gareth exclaimed gleefully. “Quiet now Gareth! You never know what might be around the next corner,” Igus admonished. They walked up a slight slope, about fifty feet. There they could see the light from a campfire. As they approached, Gareth’s eyes settled on a lone figure huddled against the cave wall.
“Lady Lisa!” He declared, “What has happen!?” “Oh Gareth! It is you! When I heard voices, I was afraid Timlon had some how found out I was still alive!” Gareth went to her and held her shivering body, “What do you mean, still alive?”
Lisa told him of how she and Melanie watched from the cave and then went to bury Martin.
“After Melanie fainted, they rode off, leaving me for dead. If not for Igus, I am sure I would have died.” Gareth looked at Igus, “Thank you Igus. I am not sure of what comes next, but I am sure that this land has been blessed by your presence.” “What comes next, is for you, Loanna and Devon to take Lisa to Cashell. Sojourn and three other horses await by the entrance of this cave,” Igus finished with a smile. “After everything I have seen today, that does not surprise me a bit,” Gareth said, laughing. After Devon helped Gareth get Lisa to her feet, Lisa slowly walked to Igus and put her arms around him, “Thank you for everything,” she said softly.
The trip back to the manor was uneventful. Devon said a prayer and blessed Martin’s grave. They also buried and blessed Bernard’s remains, which had been torn apart by scavenging animals. As the four of them talked on the way back to the manor, Gareth came to realize that Landon might well become the legal property of Timlon because of Martin’s crime. Another fact became apparent, the wedding may have already taken place. After they returned to the manor, Katryn had Lisa settle into a bed, then went to the study.
“That is everything mother. I have thought a lot over the last few days, I do not know what can be done,” Gareth said, not telling her of Igus. “Thomas should be notified immediately!” Katryn asserted. “With all due respect my lady, what do we tell him? The killer of his daughter was slain? The killer’s wife was attacked?” Ian asked. Katryn realized what he was driving at. “But wait! Bernard killed Martin!” Gareth exclaimed. Ian looked at Gareth, his gray eyes suddenly aware that there was a possibility, “We have to find out which of Martin’s knights are still loyal to Lisa.” “How can we accomplish that?” Katryn asked. “It is now obvious that Anthony was in on the betrayal.” Gareth added. “Yes my lord, but if the guardsmen were to go to investigate, you, as a witness, would have to go along.” “Yes! I understand completely. You of course would accompany me. Once there, you would be free to quietly ask around.” “Ian, please get the captain of the Kingsland guard,” Katryn said.
Sir Geoffrey was as big as Ian. His blue eyes held the knowledge of a hundred battles. Though he was bald, a well trimmed, red beard attested to the color of his hair. When Geoffrey walked into the study, Katryn poured him a glass of wine and asked him to sit down.
“Thank you my lady, you have been very kind to my men,” Geoffrey said, bowing at the waist. “It has been my pleasure sir. Now, my son has news that concerns Lord Thomas,” Katryn said. “What news has come to your notice my lord?” Geoffrey asked, turning his attention to Gareth. “Martin Landon was the one who killed Thomas’ daughter those twenty years ago,” Gareth said. “That is a very serious charge my lord! Have you any proof?” Geoffrey asked. “Martin’s daughter, Melanie, overheard Richard Timlon telling Bernard Chapman. She then told her mother, Lisa Landon,” Gareth asserted. “Would it be all right to talk to Lady Lisa?” Geoffrey asked, turning to Katryn. “Yes, of course. Allow me a moment to bring her down,” As Katryn left, Geoffrey talked with Ian and Gareth.
“Your father was a great warrior. My forces attacked to the north the day he was wounded. I was very sorry to hear he did not survive,” Geoffrey offered. “Thank you. Martin's treachery has touched many lives,” Gareth said sadly.
“You wish to talk with me about Martin?” Lisa asked, as she entered the study. “Yes my lady. I am sorry for your ordeal, but in light of the charges, I must seek out evidence,” Geoffrey said, pulling out a chair for Lisa. “I understand. As Gareth has probably told you, my daughter overheard a conversation that involved Martin in that terrible crime against Lord Thomas’ daughter,” Lisa said, looking to Katryn. “It is clear that I must speak to Melanie. It is also clear to me, that Richard and Robert Timlon, may have over stepped the limits of the law by seizing Landon,” Geoffrey offered. Gareth’s heart jumped, “What do you mean Sir Geoffrey?” “It is only a thought my lord. After I have gathered all the facts, I will report to Lord Thomas. Are you able to travel Lady Lisa.” “Yes! The sooner the better,” She answered, feeling a little relieved for the first time in weeks.
“Ian, I want you to prepare the knights and archers for travel,” Gareth said, knowing a showdown was coming. “That of course is your option my lord, but they will not be allowed past the boundaries of Cashell,” Geoffrey intervened. “I understand, but I want them as close as possible in the event of trouble.” “Agreed. Lady Katryn and Lady Lisa will ride in a carriage, driven by Sir Ian. You may also come to the manor, but be warned, I cannot allow this to turn into a brawl,” Geoffrey finished and left the study. Gareth then turned to Ian, “Leave only enough men here to defend the manor. I am afraid that Geoffrey has too much faith in the law.”
Richard and Robert stood atop the manor wall. The wooden gates were shut. Gareth did not like the looks of it, “Ian turn the carriage, something is amiss. At the first sign of trouble, do not look back! Get mother and Lisa back to Cashell and rally the troops!” Gareth commanded. “Yes my lord, but what of you?” “Ian, you have been as a father to me. Please my friend, do not question me now.” “I understand Gareth, your mother will be safe.” They shook hands, and then Gareth jumped down from the coach. As Gareth mounted Sojourn, he could hear Geoffrey shouting.
“Open the gates in the name of High Lord Thomas!” Geoffrey demanded. “What business does the High Lord’s knights have here!?” Richard shouted. “I have questions that will be answered my lord. I would speak to Melanie Landon immediately!” Richard smiled at that, Lisa had already been taken care of, “Melanie Landon and her mother have been missing for weeks.” “I think not my lord, her mother survived! Lady Lisa is in the carriage. Now, will you open the gates my lord, and let me enter, or would you rather Lord Thomas come here!?” Richard's jaw dropped. The situation had suddenly became tense. Richard’s plans were falling down around him. Geoffrey also realized they could not remain in this stalemate.
Gareth went to the carriage, “Ian go now!” Katryn now hollered, “No! Gareth! You will come also!” “Ian! You have your orders! Go!” Gareth exclaimed. Ian whipped the horses and the carriage lurched forward. In a few minutes, they were a mile away. “Ian, I am telling you to stop!” Katryn demanded. “No, my lady! Gareth has given me orders! Would you counter them and risk your life!?” Katryn relented now aware that her son was well in control.
Back at Landon, the situation became intolerable. It had been a half an hour and Geoffrey was not getting anywhere. “You have given him too much time Geoffrey. We should leave!” Gareth urged. But it was too late! Timlon could do no less now than attack. His archers now appeared.
“Fire!” Richard commanded. The arrows rained down on Geoffrey’s knights. “Regroup!” Geoffrey shouted. Richard had caught him completely off guard! “Back to me!” Geoffrey commanded, as he headed for the safety of the trees. The gates now opened, and fifty of Timlon’s knights forged forward. “This day is over!” Geoffrey declared. “No Geoffrey! Retreat! Follow me, now!” Gareth implored. The battle was over, almost as quick as it had begun.
Geoffrey and his knights followed Gareth. Twenty of the guardsmen already lay dead or wounded. They quickly out distanced Timlon’s knights, and stopped to rest the horses.
“You stood no chance in the trees! Timlon had us out manned two to one!” “You are right Lord Gareth, I just never expected that Timlon would attack the High Lord’s troops!” Geoffrey conceded. “There is no time for blame. What now remains is how do we continue?” Gareth asked. “With all due respect my lord, I cannot do anything.” Geoffrey said, knowing he had let his men down. “What are you saying!? He has attacked Lord Thomas’ knights!” Gareth argued. “I must report back to Welshire,” Geoffrey insisted. “That will take weeks! Timlon will be able to fortify his defenses. No! You must consider your options now!” Gareth demanded. Geoffrey had his men remount and they headed to Cashell. As they approached Lost Man’s Ravine, Gareth could see Ian riding hard toward them with Cashell's knights.
“Gareth! What happened!” Katryn shouted, running to him as he dismounted. Gareth told her of the quick, lopsided battle.
“Ian, you know Landon Manor as well as anybody. Is there an area we could attack with a reasonable possibility of success?” Gareth asked. Geoffrey now countered, “I have told you my lord, an attack is not allowed.” “There is one thing you have over-looked Sir Geoffrey, Lisa Landon has asked for my aid to take back Landon Manor,” Katryn said slyly. Geoffrey now saw what Katryn was driving at and relented, “If any initiative is undertaken, I will have to lead.” “He is right my lord. If we attacked Timlon alone, it could be construed as unprovoked,” Ian stated as fact. “Yes, I understand. Geoffrey, my men are at your disposal,” Gareth allowed. “Now that the formalities are out of the way, Ian, I believe you were going to show us the layout of Landon Manor.” Geoffrey said, slapping Gareth on the back. “And let us not forget me!” They turned and looked at Lisa walking toward them, “Ian may know logistics, I know of a secret tunnel!” Lisa declared.
As soon as Geoffrey said that Lisa was still alive, Richard knew that talking was no longer an option. He needed reinforcements and called for Jonathan.
“Yes, my lord. What do you need?” Jonathan asked as he entered the drawing room. “Take a message to Timlon and Chapman. I want all the knights and archers to travel here.” “You want to totally abandon the other two manors, my lord?” “Yes! Do not question me Jonathan! Just go and do it!” “Yes, my lord, at once!” “Is there anything I can do fa…sir?” Robert asked, remembering to say sir. “No! As always Robert, you are of no use!”
“Ian, I did not see any of Martin’s knights during the attack,” Gareth said, as they went over the battle plan. “It is possible that Richard decided he could not trust them, and split them up between the other two manors.” “Yes of course! He would not want any loyalty for Lisa to interfere with his plans.”  “Lisa’s revelation makes victory almost a certainty. Her only concern now, is Melanie.” “Yes Ian, mine also. Sir Geoffrey, would you join us so we can go over the final plan?” Gareth called out. As Geoffrey joined them Gareth motioned to the map, he and Ian had just finished.
“I have sent a messenger to Welshire. Although the battle will be over, Thomas must be made aware of why I am taking action.” Geoffrey now said. “I understand. Now as Ian was showing me, Richard probably has ninety or so knights and about forty archers. I expect, he has also sent word to Timlon and Chapman for reinforcements,” Gareth finished. “As would I, Gareth. But they will not make it in time if all goes well tomorrow.” Geoffrey pointed out.
The plan was simple enough. Well before dawn, Gareth, along with Ian and twenty knights would enter the tunnel, which led to the kitchen. The archers would take a position in the woods just west of the manor. Geoffrey and the remaining seventy knights, would stay behind them, until the gates were opened.
The knights that would accompany Gareth were hand picked by Ian. Sir Douglas and Sir Philip were the first two chosen. Both were accomplished swordsmen and both were deadly accurate with the bow. Douglas stood as tall as Ian and every bit as powerful. His mildly pocked face attested the fact that he came from the north, where the fever had hit over twenty years ago. He had thinning brown hair and deceivingly innocent brown eyes. Philip on the other hand was of medium height and build, but in combat, the speed he displayed was extraordinary. His blue eyes and good looks made him a favorite among the maidens in the area. After the remaining knights were chosen, Gareth went to Katryn.
“Mother, if anything goes wrong, you must promise to take Lisa to Welshire,” Gareth said, kissing his mother on the forehead. “Yes my son, but have faith, all will be well,” Katryn said, giving Gareth a hug.
They had reached the kitchen without incident. Gareth opened the door slightly and looked across the courtyard. Suddenly he realized it was not going to be very easy at all.
“Look Ian, Richard’s knights are sleeping in the courtyard!” Gareth said in disgust. “Yes! I should have considered that! Maybe we should go back and rethink our plans,” Ian offered. “No! Richard could have reinforcements if we fail now. We still have the element of surprise. You men stay here, and keep watch for my signal. Come Ian, I have a plan,” Gareth commanded.
They stayed close to the wall, as they made their way around the courtyard. Gareth could see two guards about twenty feet away and he motioned to Ian to slip around them. When Ian was in position, Gareth casually walked up to them.
“Good evening. Beautiful sky tonight, is it not?” As Gareth finished, he nodded his head. Ian grabbed one guard by the neck and with one punch knocked him out. As the other guard turned to help, Gareth slammed his head into the wall. “Quickly Ian, we must carry them back to the kitchen!” Gareth whispered.
Once back, Gareth instructed two of his knights to take the guards clothes and put them on. The guard Gareth had taken care of started coming around. Sir Douglas took out a knife to finish him.
“Hold Douglas! We will kill when we have to, but that man is defenseless. Tie and gag him,” Gareth commanded. “Yes my lord, I was not thinking.” “All right. Let us not forget why we are here. Get into those clothes,” Gareth now directed. “I can see what you are planning my lord, but will there be enough time?” “Ian, you have taught me well over the years. I would be foolish not to consider an option. What is on your mind?” Gareth asked. “We use the darkness and go directly to the battlement, two at a time, so as not to raise suspicion,” Ian suggested. “Yes! Once there we can pull up the ladders. Then go about the task of silencing the guards,” Gareth agreed. “Exactly! As the first volley of arrows fall, we will be in perfect position to open the gate!” Douglas added.
Two by two, they made their way to the battlement. Once all of them climbed up, they lifted the ladders. The guards never stood a chance, Gareth’s men were on them before the alarm could be sounded. The only time there might be a problem, would be when they opened the gates. They would be in the open for almost two long minutes.
The sky was just turning gray, when shouting could be heard coming from the kitchen! ‘We should have hid them in the tunnel!’ Gareth now thought. But nothing could be done now. They could only hope Geoffrey would hear the shouting and start the attack early.
“Do you hear that Geoffrey? What do you think is going on?” Katryn asked. “I cannot be sure my lady, but the attack starts now! Archers! Ready! Fire!” The first wave of arrows flew over the battlement! Gareth drew a breath of relief. The screams of the knights in the courtyard awoke the whole manor. Men were running everywhere, scrambling for safety. Gareth could see men trying to reach the battlement. The second wave came. Though not very effective, it did make Richard's men stay under cover. Gareth could hear the third and final wave coming. As soon as the last archer let loose his arrow, Geoffrey charged.
“Now!” Gareth commanded. Gareth’s men stood and began firing arrows into the courtyard. Gareth and Ian went to the task of pulling the heavy lever that held a locking beam in place.
“Ian! Geoffrey is on his way!” Gareth shouted. “Yes my lord, I can hear them!” Just then, an arrow hit Ian in the leg! Gareth looked around, “Douglas! Shoot at the upstairs windows! Ian are you all right!?” “Yes! Come we must finish!” With their attention on the windows, Richard’s knights were finally able to assemble. Robert now ran into the courtyard.
“Grab the ladders! We must stop them from opening the gate!” Robert hollered. Gareth heard Robert’s voice. The hate now swelled up in him! He stepped behind Ian and gave the lever one final pull! The huge wooden beam was loose and the gate began to move!
“We have done it Ian! Now stay down, you are in no condition! Douglas! Philip! Take care of Ian!” Sir Geoffrey was the first one through the gate. The battle was on!
Richard could not believe it! He watched in horror, as the knights starting pouring through the gates! He thought he had time to spare! He knew this was Gareth’s fault and headed to another part of the living quarters.
Gareth could see the battle was going well. They needed to drive Richard's men to the west end of the manor. That would prevent Timlon’s archers from ever becoming involved. He looked over the wall and could see his own archers bringing up the rear. As he looked for a way down, he pulled his father’s sword. “I will make you proud father!” He yelled.
When Gareth managed to get to the ground, the first face he saw was Anthony. “So! You were part of it!” Gareth shouted. Anthony’s beady eyes showed fear. As Gareth went on the offensive, Anthony stumbled backward. Gareth quickly took advantage and thrust his sword into Anthony’s chest!
Gareth was immediately attacked from his right as Anthony took his last breath. He managed to dodge the first blow, and brought his shield up just as a second blow was delivered. He now focused on his attacker, and realized he was only a squire. Gareth took full advantage of the size difference and slammed the hilt of his sword into the young man's face, knocking him unconscious. Gareth looked for his next adversary and saw Robert bury his sword in the back of Sir David! The rage boiled over! “Coward!” Gareth shouted over the din. Robert turned to Gareth. “I am not going anywhere!” Robert seethed.
As the two clashed, the battle around them began to calm. Sir Geoffrey mounted his horse and held a pennon with Lord Thomas’ coat of arms on it.
“In the name of the High Lord Thomas, lay down your arms!” Geoffrey commanded. One by one, Richard’s men laid down their weapons. The only fighting that remained was between Gareth and Robert. Geoffrey let the fight continue, he understood the need to have a winner in these situations.
It seemed that Robert’s speed would be a factor, but Gareth’s strength turned the tide. As Robert was pushed back, Geoffrey could see that Gareth would finish Robert any moment and decided to end it.
“In the name of the High Lord, lower your weapons!” Geoffrey shouted. Gareth stepped back and began to lower his sword. Suddenly he heard Ian’s voice, “Gareth, look out!” Gareth stumbled backward, as Robert’s sword cut through the empty air, where Gareth's head had been a second before. As Robert raised his sword to strike again, an arrow crashed into his forehead! Gareth looked to where he had left Ian. “Thank you old friend!” Gareth yelled, relieved it was over…but over, it was not!
Nobody had noticed Richard on the balcony. He was holding Melanie by her hair! She was gagged and her hands were tied behind her.
“So! You would relish the killing of my son!” Richard yelled, getting everybody’s attention. Gareth’s eyes immediately met Melanie’s and his heart sank. “He may not have been much, but he was all I had!” Richard now shouted. “The battle is over Timlon, nothing you do now will accomplish anything!” Geoffrey said, knowing what Timlon was thinking. “Nothing!? I am not so sure!” Timlon said with disdain, “What do you think Gareth?” Gareth tried to speak calmly. As he began, he tried to ease his way to the balcony.
“My lord, I think there has been enough bloodshed this day. Perhaps we could sit down and…” Timlon did not let Gareth finish. He pulled a knife and buried it in Melanie’s mid-section! He then picked her limp body up, and threw her off the balcony!
“No!” Gareth screamed. Gareth could feel the sword in his hand and threw it with all his might! The sword slammed into Richard’s chest, killing him instantly! Gareth then ran to Melanie’s side, dropped to his knees and cried.
Melanie was taken to her bedroom and made comfortable. There was not much that anyone could do. Gareth stayed at her side, hoping she would open her eyes, but she did not. As night fell, Katryn asked Ian to talk with Gareth.
“My lord, come you must eat,” Ian said softly. “No Ian, if my beloved awakes, I must be here,” Gareth protested. “I do not profess to know everything, but her life is no longer in our hands. I know of your sadness but you must come away,” Ian said, trying to hold back his own tears. Gareth looked at Ian and could see the old warrior was also pained, “I know you are right my friend, give me a moment and I will join you in the drawing room,” Gareth whispered, then sat next to Melanie, “I will return shortly my love.” With that, Gareth gently kissed Melanie’s forehead and turned to leave. Gareth had barely left the room when a lone figure approached the bed.
Lord Thomas had a commanding presence. At sixty years of age, he still had the strength and skill to fight any warrior. His white flowing hair, shown almost silver. Though his face would be described as craggy, his kind blue eyes were filled with compassion.
Thomas, with over two hundred men, first visited Chapman manor. He demanded the gates be opened and the immediate surrender of the manor. The small skirmish that followed was quickly put down. Without Chapman, his knights were no match for superior numbers. Thomas then released Landon’s knights, who were imprisoned there after Martin was killed. They were pressed into service and instructed to follow as Thomas rode toward Timlon.
Sir Jonathan would not give in so easily. He had reached Landon too late to help Richard, and now felt that Timlon was rightfully his.
“Do you wish to cause your knights slaughter!?” Thomas demanded. “I will protect Timlon with every resource at my disposal! There will be no discussion!” Jonathan yelled, as he motioned to the archers to open fire. But Thomas had come well prepared. His own archers were dispatched to a tree line, at the southwest corner of the manor, the night before. Their orders were specific, fire at the first sign of trouble.
As the arrows rained down on the battlement from sixty archers, Thomas’ troops stormed the manor. As they reached the walls, ladders were slammed into place and the knights began scurrying up and over the walls. Thomas’ archers ceased firing and joined the knights. The sheer numbers were overwhelming! Jonathan now realized that his greed would cost him dearly.
When Thomas’ knights opened the manor gates, another fifty knights on horseback, overran the remaining resistance. Jonathan’s skull was crushed as the horses trampled everything in their way. With Timlon secured, Thomas turned toward Landon.
Geoffrey escorted Thomas to the drawing room where Katryn, Lisa, Gareth and Ian awaited. As he entered, they all rose and bowed. Thomas immediately went to Gareth.
“There is no doubt who you are! You are the image of your father!” Thomas exclaimed, as he extended his hand, “Your father was a great warrior. And from what Geoffrey has told me, you are a valiant fighter also.” “Thank you my lord, it was an honor to battle by Geoffrey’s side,” Gareth said, shaking Thomas’ hand. “And Ian, it is good to see you again!” Thomas said. “It is good to see you also my lord, though for once, it would be nice that it not be after a battle!” Ian finished, laughing. “Yes! That indeed would be different!” Thomas said, laughing along with Ian, he then turned his attention to the women, “Lady Katryn, you have never looked more radiant,” He said, bowing slightly. “Thank you my lord, I do not believe you have met Lady Lisa.” Thomas’ smile disappeared.
“Lady Lisa, I am deeply saddened that you were connected to Martin. His crimes against the Cashells and myself, negate any claim to this manor,” Thomas said. “I understand my lord. I was horrified to learn that he could commit such an appalling crime. I plan to vacate as soon as possible,” Lisa conceded. “I appreciate that my lady. Now, the next order of the day is more pleasurable. Sir Geoffrey, I expect you to pick my next captain of the guard.” Thomas said, watching for Geoffrey’s reaction. Geoffrey was somewhat taken aback, “What are you saying my lord?” “I have decided that it would best serve Kingsland to give Chapman and Timlon to you. You have served long and well Geoffrey Braxton. The proclamation will be drawn up as soon as I return to Welshire,” Thomas replied. “Thank you my lord, that is very generous!” Geoffrey said, bowing slightly. Thomas then turned to Gareth and Katryn, “The other decision is for Cashell to annex Landon. Gareth and Katryn, your family has fought bravely for Welshire over the years, and I could do no less then give you first claim.” Gareth now stood and bowed, “Thank you Lord Thomas. As always, you can count on the allegiance that exists between Cashell and Welshire.”
The meeting hall at Cashell had been totally transformed. Colored banners, bearing the family crest now hung from the ceiling. A white lattice arch, decorated with forsythia, periwinkle and morning glory, sat at the top of the stair. At the base of the steps, a huge table, covered with a fine, white linen cloth, was set with crystal goblets, fine porcelain plates and sterling silver flatware. To both sides of the main table, smaller tables were set in a similar fashion, for the guests. A blue and gold carpet covered the entire vestibule. Devon, dressed in a white robe, with a blue sash at the waist, now walked up the stairs and stood under the arch. He then motioned for the guests to stand and began.
“This day has been long in the coming. Many hardships were overcome,” Devon paused and smiled at Loanna, who stood at the main table, “But love sustained the hope. Love is the miracle that brings us here today.”
A door to Devon’s right now opened and Melanie appeared with Lisa behind her. The guests shouted cheers and applauded. They all knew of her brave struggle to survive the attack by Richard Timlon.
Melanie’s hair flowed softly down her back. She wore a pastel yellow gown, which was tied, at her waist with a simple pink sash. The sleeves were ruffled at her wrists. In her hands, she held a bouquet of pink and violet flowers, which Loanna had brought from the Echo Forest.
A door then opened to Devon’s left and Gareth appeared with Katryn behind him. All the guest’s heads turned toward him. He wore a blue tunic, lined with gold braid. The sleeves were finished with black felt at his wrists.
Devon motioned to Gareth and Melanie to stand in front of him. Devon smiled as they approached, he could see they did not even know he was there! He then cleared his throat.
“Please face me,” He said, then continued, “We have assembled here, in the eyes of God, to give witness to the union of Gareth and Melanie. Will the family of Gareth come stand for him?” Devon asked. Katryn now walked to Gareth’s side. “Lady Katryn, does this union have your blessing?” Devon asked. “Yes Father,” She replied, bowing slightly. “Will the family of Melanie come stand for her?” Devon asked. Lisa walked to Melanie’s side. “Lady Lisa, does this union have your blessing?” “Yes Father,” She answered, bowing slightly. “The families of the bride and groom, have agreed to this marriage!” Devon announced. As was tradition, a great cheer arose from the guests. Devon began again, as the cheering subsided.
“Gareth Cashell, will you have Melanie for your wife?” “I will Father.” “Melanie Landon, will you take Gareth for your husband?” “I will Father.” “Will each of you give a ring, symbolizing your pledge to love and honor each other, for as long as you both shall live?” Devon asked “Yes, with all my heart Father.” Gareth answered, turning to Katryn, who handed him a plain gold band. “Yes, with all my heart Father.” Melanie repeated, turning to Lisa, who handed her a plain gold band. Devon took the rings and blessed them.
“Gareth, put this ring on Melanie’s finger,” Devon instructed, handing him a ring. Gareth did so. “Melanie, put this ring on Gareth’s finger,” Melanie did so. “Gareth and Melanie, your family and friends have witnessed the giving and receiving of rings. Please kneel.” As they kneeled, everyone bowed their heads.
“Dear God,” Devon began, “Love has brought Gareth and Melanie before you. We ask that you bless this union and allow them to live in happiness and peace. Amen.” As Melanie and Gareth arose, Devon motioned them to face the guests, then continued, “It is my great pleasure to introduce Gareth and Melanie Cashell!” As a great cheer went up from the crowd, Gareth drew Melanie up in his arms and kissed her. Katryn and Lisa hugged, then walked down the steps to the main table, followed by Devon. There they stood and applauded with the other guests.
The reception lasted well into the night. When Gareth and Melanie finally retired, it was almost midnight. As they reached the bedroom door, Gareth picked Melanie up and carried her in.
“I cannot believe we have finally wed!” Gareth exclaimed. “Yes my love, the nightmares are behind us, we can finally begin living our dream,” Melanie said. As Gareth lay Melanie on the bed, he gently kissed her. It was at that moment, that Gareth’s eyes seemed to go blank! “Gareth! What is wrong!?” Melanie exclaimed.  “I am all right now. Come, we must go to Devon and Loanna.” “But Gareth, it is the middle of the night!” Gareth took her in his arms. “My love, we have been through much. However, somehow, I know we must go to Devon, and it must be now!”
Gareth could see Devon and Loanna waiting. As he and Melanie dismounted, Devon asked them in. “Sit and let us have some tea, I know you have questions,” Devon said, pulling out a chair for Melanie. “Devon, you already know why we are here, do you not?” Gareth asked. “Yes Gareth, Igus has told me the time was growing near.” “Who is Igus? What do you mean the time is growing near?” Melanie asked. Loanna smiled at her, “Igus is a dear friend Melanie. After Robert and Richard took you away, Igus took Lady Lisa to the caves and nursed her back to health.” “As for the time growing near, I think Igus should answer that,” Devon added.
As they drank the tea, Gareth told Melanie of his visit to Echo forest and the wondrous adventure that followed. “Why did you or mother not tell me before?” Melanie asked Gareth. “Igus asked us to keep his secret. I thought that was not unreasonable, considering he had saved your mother.” “Yes, of course. But why tell me now?” Melanie asked. “That will be answered soon. Come now, we must go!” Devon finished, and they all walked toward the forest.
When they came into the clearing, Melanie suddenly felt as if she had been there before, “I know this place!” She exclaimed. “Good, your memory is returning.” Igus said, appearing from behind the rock. Melanie did not flinch. “Igus!” She cried out, “Igus!” It was Gareth’s turn to be surprised, “You know Igus?” He asked, now totally confused. “Come my friends, let us sit,” Igus said, then continued,  “After Melanie was promised to Robert, she came to Devon and Loanna. I was already aware that she was with child and was concerned for the child’s safety.” “With child!?” Gareth blurted out. “Hold now Gareth! Let me finish!” “I am sorry Igus! I was not expecting this kind of news.” “I understand. Now as I was saying, I was concerned for the child. I had a vision and saw Melanie hurt. Though the wound would not be mortal, it may have harmed the unborn child!” Igus said, looking to Devon. Gareth took Melanie’s hand and kissed it softly, “But Igus, what happens now?” Loanna now stood. Gareth and Melanie both looked at her in disbelief. Melanie was the first to speak.
“Loanna! You are with child! I did not realize it until now,” Melanie said. “I have been wearing loose fitting clothing for the last couple of months. We did not want people to think I was with child.” Igus now spoke, “That is why I summoned you tonight, tomorrow, I may not have been able to reverse what had been set in motion.” “Yes, I remember!” Melanie cried out, as total realization came to her in a flash.
All the memories rushed back now. Melanie could recall her meeting with Devon and Loanna, and how they seemed to know everything she was thinking. She could hear Igus, “Melanie will you give Loanna your child?” “Yes! Please Loanna, protect my child!” A light emanated from Igus’ hands so bright, it blinded her. Loanna and Melanie levitated and seemed to join. “Do you accept Melanie’s child Loanna?” Igus next asked. “Yes! I will accept and protect her child.” After the light subsided, Igus took Melanie to a cave where they went into a pool. The last thing she remembered was Igus in her bedroom.
“Stay strong Melanie, the trials ahead will be difficult.” Igus said softly. “Igus, I am afraid.” Igus put his hand over her eyes and she felt sleep overtaking her, “Melanie, as events unfold, let your fear hold you not through the night.”
“Melanie? Are you ready?” Igus now asked, bringing Melanie back to the present. “Yes Igus! It is as if a veil has been lifted from my eyes!” “Gareth, do you understand what will happen?” “Yes Igus, though I do not understand how, I know that Melanie and I are going to have a baby!” Gareth shouted, as he picked Melanie up and whirled her around. Igus now looked to Loanna and Devon, who were holding each other.
“Loanna, are you ready?” Igus asked quietly. “Yes, though it saddens me, I am ready to return that, which is Melanie’s.” She said, as tears welled up in her eyes. Melanie went to Loanna and put her arms around her, “I do not know how we will ever repay you!” She said, knowing the loss Loanna was feeling. “The time is now! Loanna and Melanie, please lay side by side!” Igus instructed. Igus then floated to the top of the Great Rock and closed his eyes. As before, a light pulsated from Igus’ hands, and the whole clearing was alight! Gareth and Devon had to shade their eyes with their hands. Loanna and Melanie levitated and seemed to join as one! “Loanna, will you return the child to Melanie!?” Igus asked “Yes Igus! I am willing!” In a moment, it was over.
“Melanie, are you all right!” Gareth shouted, as he ran to her side. “Yes my love! All is as it should be! Look!” As Gareth helped Melanie to her feet, he could see her swollen belly. Devon now bent down to help Loanna up.
“Loanna, can you stand?” He asked gently, as he helped her up. “Yes, but something is wrong! Igus! It did not work!” As Loanna said this, they all looked at her swollen belly with surprise. All except Igus that is, who now floated down to them, a broad smile on his face.
“There is nothing wrong Loanna,” Igus said. Then Loanna’s face lit up, “You mean…?" “Well, unless you are growing a pumpkin in there, I would say you are with child also!” Igus said, letting out a great howling laugh. Devon wrapped his arms around Loanna and held her, “A baby! Our own baby!” “Igus, how long have you known!?” Loanna asked, too happy to be mad at him for not telling them. “Do not be angry with me, I did not know until I began.” He answered, knowing that all was again right.
Gareth and Katryn offered Lisa a free rein over Landon. Lisa was thankful, but declined. The memories were too painful. She would be content to stay at Cashell, if it were all right with Katryn, and of course, it was. However, Gareth and Katryn did not want Landon either and petitioned Thomas in the name of Sir Ian. After all, Ian had fought valiantly for Thomas, as well as the Cashells. Thomas agreed and the Manor of Landon became the Manor of Joycen. Ian promptly chose Sir Douglas as his captain of the guard. Gareth then placed Sir Philip as his captain of the guard.
§§§§§§§§§§§§
She walked through the forest as she had walked the path so many times before. She was no stranger to the uneven ground or unyielding underbrush. As she came into the clearing, she could see Igus in deep meditation upon the Great Rock. He looked content. Something different, considering the past two years. As she studied his features, she could not help but admire such a being. He had secretly given so much and would never ask anything in return, save peace.
And peace was at hand.
