	
License Notes
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to the author, publisher, or retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Disclaimer:
This book is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to any person, living or dead is purely coincidental. The names of people, places, and/or things are all created from the author’s mind and are only used for entertainment.

Due to the content, this book is recommended for adults 18 years and older.


Smashwords Edition


Copyright 2016 Theresa Hissong
Cover Design:
Gray Publishing Services

Editing by:
Heidi Ryan

Formatted by:
Imagine Ink Designs


For more information or how to contact Theresa Hissong, please visit:
http://authortheresahissong.com
www.facebook.com/authortheresahissong 

Dedication:

To the dreamers…

Contents:

Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen

About the Author



Chapter One


The footage had been seen on every news outlet around the world. Two men were filmed shifting into black panthers at the edge of a forest in northern Mississippi. The video was as clear as the blue sky above. They’d been seen and the entire world now knew that shifters existed. 
Talon Shaw gritted his teeth at the reporter who kept asking some of the most idiotic questions he’d ever heard in his life. Why the fuck they wanted to know about their mating rituals was beyond intrusive, and he sure as hell wasn’t going to let that bit of information out into the general public. Every human would run away screaming if they had any idea how mating occurred.
He’d been in talks with local law enforcement and the media for almost a week now. If Ranger and Kye hadn’t been so stupid, they wouldn’t be in this situation. They’d be living peacefully on the pride’s two hundred acre ranch south of town with no one the wiser.
“How long have your kind been around?” a reporter asked.
“Where did you come from?” another chimed in, talking over everyone else.
“Are you dangerous?” a cute blonde asked, raising her hand.
“Our kind have been around for thousands of years,” Talon began, looking out into the sea of human reporters. It was hard not to lash out at the reporters for their increasingly impertinent questions. “We are a peaceful group, usually keeping to ourselves. Our ancestors were warriors for kings in ancient times. Panthers have no hatred toward anyone, human or animal.”
“How old are you?” a male reporter asked, leaning forward to make himself visible. Talon recognized him from the local station. 
“I am twenty nine years old,” he answered, catching sight of his younger brother, Noah, standing off to the side. Talon scanned the room and found his second in command, Winter, waiting off to his right.  As his eyes moved back across the room, Noah made a sign for Talon to finish answering questions.
“And you are the leader of this…pride?” the male asked, looking confused over his choice of words. 
They were different from their animal cousins. Usually, panthers were solitary animals, only coming together to procreate. Since the beginning of time, the shifters had stuck close together, maintaining a family environment. Their ancestors actually coined the name “pride” in reference to their families. 
Their animal form wasn’t quite like the big cats in the jungles of the world. From a distance, you’d say they were panther, but their genetic makeup was more than just one breed. In fact, their animal bodies were bigger and different from their animal cousins in the wild. They did not have darkened rosettes like some black cats, either. Their genes were not a pigmentation flaw like scientists liked to use in reference to the wild black cats. No, Talon and his pride were just black, panther-like cats that lived in the human world. 
“Yes, I am. Every pride has a leader, an alpha. It is his responsibility to nurture and provide for his people. Without the leadership of an alpha, the pride would suffer and eventually die out. It is my responsibility to make sure that they have work and a safe environment to live and raise their young.”
“Are there other shifters out there?” the blonde woman asked.
“This is about my pride, and I will only speak about them,” he said, his voice holding a warning. It wasn’t his place to tell the secrets of the other shifters.
“So, there are others?” she pushed, leaning forward. “Are there wolves? Like in the movies? What about other animals?” The woman’s eyes took on a dreamy haze and Talon cringed.
“Next question,” he responded curtly, looking away from the woman. He hoped like hell that she didn’t push him any further to answer those damn questions. 
“You own a few companies, Mr. Shaw,” another reporter began. “Is this how you provide? Do you only employ your own kind?”
“I employ members of my pride and humans,” he said, trying his best not to fidget in his seat. He had to answer these questions as honestly as possible, but not so honestly that the people who worked for him would be targeted. 
“Did the humans know that you shift into an animal?” a woman called out. 
“No,” he answered simply.
He didn’t want to scare the humans. The last thing their kind needed was for the humans to hunt them down out of fear. There were many things about shifters that he would take to his grave. There was no way in hell Talon was going to let the humans know that they could be transformed into a shifter with a blood exchange and excruciating pain while the human’s body transformed into an animal. 
The questions kept coming and eventually his time was up. His brother, Noah, and his second in command, Winter Blue, escorted Talon to an awaiting SUV, whisking him away from the steps of the City Hall building. The camera flashes caused the panthers to squint, the light irritating their sensitive eyes. 
“I’m so glad that’s over,” Talon sighed, leaning back in his seat. It’d been a long day of answering increasingly personal questions. 
“We should be able to breathe a little this weekend.” Noah smiled. “I don’t know about you, but I’m ready to have a beer.”
“That sounds like a great idea,” Talon agreed, finally beginning to relax. “Let’s hit up The Deuce for dinner.”
“Do you think there will be a problem?” Winter frowned. Winter was not only his second in command, but also the head of his security company, S.S.S. or Shaw Security Specialists, as the sign over their office complex stated.
“No,” Talon replied. “We will not run away from this town. Running only makes them believe that we have something to hide. This pride will continue their daily routines regardless of the media and whatever they say.”
“Then a beer it is,” Noah cheerfully proclaimed. “Let’s hope that little bar owner is there tonight.”
“Just a beer, Noah,” Talon warned, not giving away any emotions. He didn’t want to think about the woman that owned the bar they visited. 
Liberty Raines was there most nights, but that didn’t mean that they’d interacted with her very often. There’d been a few times that she’d come by the table to drop off drinks or food. She was always too busy working for them to strike up a conversation. There was something about the little brunette that sent Talon’s panther into a growling frenzy. It must’ve been her scent. Oh, he could pick it out of a crowd. The combination of wildflowers and sunshine was permanently etched into his brain. 
The last thing he needed in his life was a woman. He had too many things going on now that they’d been outed by the humans. The fact that she was a human sealed the deal on the certainty that he wanted nothing to do with her. A panther and a human didn’t mix, and he sure as hell wasn’t going to drag a human into his world. 
Not now…not ever.



The bar was mostly quiet. Liberty wiped down the old wooden bar top with a fresh rag out of the bucket of clean, sanitizing solution. The television was on above her head. The news had been focused on their breaking story for a week now.
The fairytales from childhood nursery rhymes had come true. Paranormal stories of men who shifted into animals were no longer fiction.
It was real. It’d been real for as long as the Earth had orbited around the sun. 
One of her waitresses was sitting on a barstool at the end of the bar, totally engrossed in the newscast. A pair of men had been filmed shifting into sleek, black panthers at the edge of a wooded area just south of town not too far from her bar. Once the news had blasted the information all over the world, a local man had stepped forward claiming the unthinkable.
Some of those men had been regulars, and Liberty had never noticed anything out of the ordinary about them. They all seemed so…normal. Well, that was a lie. None of those men were anywhere near normal looking. They all were larger than the average man that stepped foot into her little business. Each one was tall, muscular. Their shoulders were wide, arms rippling with muscles that seemed to overlap themselves. They moved with grace despite their size. Every woman in the room noticed them when they took their usual seats in the back corner, ordering their drinks and food with no problems. Each and every one of the men that entered was beyond handsome. Sexual prowess oozed off of them whenever they were around. Even Liberty had to admit that they had thrown her hormones into overdrive a time or two.
“I still can’t believe this is happening,” Nicole fretted. She leaned back, her blonde hair falling in ringlets down her back. “And in our little town! Did you know that I saw several news vans on my way in earlier?”
“I’ve heard the media is going crazy over all of this,” she admitted. 
Liberty shot a quick look at the screen, averting her eyes when the man claiming to be the pride’s alpha started talking about his secret. She didn’t have to even look at the screen to know who it was, because she would’ve known his voice anywhere.
Talon Shaw was a regular in her bar. He and his buddies could be found there every Friday and Saturday night, staying until last call, and sometimes they came in for lunch during the week. They’d interacted only few times in the last two years that she’d been running The Deuce, and he’d always seemed to be aware of everything that went on in the bar. Oh, she’d noticed how he watched her move around, helping wait tables and delivering food when the place became busy during rush hours. She’d be lying if she said that she hadn’t watched him from the corner of her eye whenever he walked in the door, too.
The man who was the leader of these shifters was huge. His dark hair was short cropped, but on the top of his head his hair was kept a little longer. That sexy length obscured one of his icy blue eyes, making him look dangerous. His arms were so large that she was sure his shirt would split at the seams if he sneezed. His skin appeared to be soft as satin, and a few times, Liberty would have a full bodied shiver attack when she’d thought about the possibility of those arms brushing against hers by accident. She honestly didn’t think she’d survive that much stimulus…if she’d ever get that close to the man. 
“Are you even watching this?” Nicole called out.
“No,” Liberty replied, brushing her long, chocolate-brown hair behind her ear. “It’s none of my business.”
“Yes, it is,” Nicole insisted. “Do you realize these guys have been here every weekend? It is your business, Liberty. Are you going to let these freaks back in the bar tonight when they show up?”
“Now hold on one damn minute,” Liberty yelled. “They are as welcome here as anyone else.”
“Are you serious?” she scoffed, throwing her hands in the air. “I can’t believe this!”
“I’m going to only say this once, Nicole,” Liberty said, dropping her rag in the bucket and making her way to the end of the bar. “This is my bar and I will decide who is welcome or not. If these guys come in here, you are to treat them like any other paying customer. Got me?”
“Yes…yes, ma’am,” Nicole answered in defeat.
“Now, go prep for the dinner rush,” Liberty ordered, flipping off the television. “This place should start filling up within the hour, and I think maybe I need to have a meeting with everyone before we get started tonight.”
She watched Nicole hop off the barstool, grabbing her order pad as she walked into the backroom. The last thing she needed was for her waitresses to be mean or hateful to the group of men…no, the panthers that spent time in her bar.
She busied herself with making sure all of the coolers were stocked with beer bottles covered with ice. She stacked cups at each station behind the bar and refilled the napkin and straw caddies for the bartenders who’d be arriving soon. Looking up into the mirror on the back wall, she took a deep breath and continued to work.  She didn’t need to worry about the news, she had to run the bar and keep her staff from quitting out of fear of the shifters.
It was thirty minutes before the employees started trickling in for their shift. Moe, the cook, was the first to arrive, stopping to kiss Liberty’s cheek. “Good evening, doll.”
“Hey, Moe,” she greeted. Moe had been around since before she took over the place. The Deuce had been in her family for two generations. Her father had left the bar to her when he died from a sudden heart attack just over two years ago. Her mother and grandparents had passed several years prior in a fatal car accident, leaving her younger sister as the only living relative in the area. 
The Deuce was located at the very outskirts of the town of Olive Branch, in northern Mississippi. The town was just over the state line from Tennessee and the city of Memphis. Liberty loved her town, never finding the appeal of moving away. The people there were friendly, and having the oldest, most popular bar in town kept her busier than she’d ever thought possible.
Moe tied on his apron, covering his rounded belly. He was in his late fifties and had already started shaving his head to hide the fact that his hair was now completely white. “Before you start prep, I need to have a meeting with everyone.”
“Sure, darlin’,” he drawled in his southern accent. 
The two bartenders and three extra waitresses gathered around Moe, waiting for Liberty to make her speech. Her sister, and co-owner of the bar, stood off to the side, waiting to hear what Liberty had to say.
“I’m going to make this short and sweet,” she began, letting her eyes fall on each and every one of her employees. “We’ve all seen the news and know that it centers around some of our customers. We will treat everyone that walks through that door with respect. A lot of things are going on right now, and we need to show that our customers are our top priority. These men, who’ve been coming here for a while now, are still just like all of us. They come in here to eat food and drink beer. I want you to treat them as if you’d never heard about their story. This is all I ask of you. If you have any problems, and I mean any, you come get me. Okay?”
Everyone nodded or spoke their understanding, most of them heading off to their stations. The two bartenders, Cole Bryant and Luke Everett, squeezed Liberty’s shoulder as they passed, silently giving her their support. Nicole didn’t show any emotions as she headed off to the backroom for more supplies. Mary Grace Browning and Della Carter smiled warmly and started turning on lights over the pool tables in the back of the bar. 
“Sis?” Nova, Liberty’s baby sister, smiled, wrapping an arm around her shoulders. “That’s awesome that you are willing to treat those men just like anyone else.”
“Why do you say that?” Liberty frowned.
“People around town are a little spooked.” She shrugged. “I don’t really see a problem with what they are. It’s not like they’ve ever caused any trouble in here or in town.”
“Exactly!” Liberty smiled, ruffling her sister’s long, brown hair. Nova giggled and swatted at her hand, shaking her head as she left to get ready for the dinner crowd. 
Liberty and Nova were just three years apart in age. Nova had just turned twenty one a few months ago and Liberty’s birthday had just passed. Being a bar owner at the age of twenty four was not something she’d imagined for herself at this age. She’d hoped to go to college, and had taken a few classes, but after her father’s death, she had to step up and take over the bar or it would’ve been lost to the bank. The Deuce meant too much to her and her sister to let it go. It was one of the hardest decisions she’d had to make as an adult, but she could honestly say that it’d been the best. 
As the bar began to fill up, Liberty spent time doing paperwork so that she could be on the floor when the crowd really got going around eight o’clock. Her office was in the back of the building, down the hallway from the bathrooms and a small employee breakroom. She’d recently painted the walls a warm green that reminded her of the woods behind her home. The old oak desk that had belonged to her father was the main focal point in the room. His picture still hung on the wall by the file cabinets to her right. When she felt like she couldn’t succeed in the business, all she had to do was look up at his smiling face and it would remind her of the sacrifices he’d made to keep this place running smoothly. She would touch his portrait and gain some unseen strength. Sometimes, she felt like he was there watching over her and Nova, ensuring she didn’t fail. He had loved this bar, and Liberty would keep The Deuce running as long as she had air in her lungs and love in her heart. 
The building itself was an old log home that had been transformed into a bar. The clatter of booted feet walking heavy across the hardwood floors was a sound that comforted her. So was the glow from the neon lights in the windows that faced the two lane highway that ran in front of the place. 
Leaving the office, she checked the bathrooms, refilling the paper towel dispenser in the women’s room. She knocked on the men’s room door and yelled, “Management! Is there anyone in there?”
“I got it, Liberty,” Cole announced as he came around the corner. “Go on out front and cover the bar for me. I’ll be right out.”
“Ah, thanks, Cole.” She smiled, handing him a rag and a bottle of cleaner. He nodded and ducked into the men’s room without another word.
The hallway by the bathrooms dead ended into another short hallway. Turning left would take you into the kitchen and turning right dumped you out into the bar area. She quickly checked on Moe in the kitchen but didn’t say anything to the older man. He was busy plating orders and setting them in the window for the waitresses to deliver to the tables.
Liberty gasped as she turned the corner and almost plowed right into her sister. “Nova! Where’s the fire, girl?”
“Sorry,” Nova fidgeted, her face flushed. “They’re here.”
“Who’s here?” she questioned.
“The cats,” Nova giggled, but zipped her lip when Liberty scowled at her. “Sorry, Talon Shaw and his crew are here and everyone is staring at them.”
“Why is your face so red? Did anything happen?” Liberty asked.
“No,” Nova replied, then smiled. “Um, one of them was flirting with me.”
“Girl,” Liberty groaned. “Stay away from those boys. In fact, stay away from all boys. They’re nothing but trouble. Now, go wait your tables.”
“Okay,” she answered, bouncing off to the kitchen to grab her orders. At twenty-one, her sister was strikingly beautiful and single. That was a bad combination.
Liberty shook her head and made her way out to the bar, glancing over at the booth in the back corner. Talon and his brother, Noah, sat with four other men, all talking and laughing amongst themselves. 
As if she’d called out, Talon’s head snapped around, their eyes locking from across the room. His face was momentarily cast in a shadow from the dim lights; that was until his head tilted to the side curiously. Liberty was rooted to her spot as Talon’s ice blue eyes darkened. A hint of yellow seeped into them, and as quickly as she blinked, the color was gone and so was the hold he had over her body. His brother nudged him, causing the alpha to turn his head, but not before the corner of his lip lifted into a naughty smirk.
“Can you take these drinks over to our local celebrities?” Luke asked, setting another round of beers on a tray.
“Sure,” she nodded, sliding the tray onto the flat of her hand that was suddenly shaky. 
As she approached the table, she watched Talon’s back stiffen. His head raised slightly and his shoulders seemed to double in size as he breathed deeply. Two of the men lifted their gazes and smiled. Talon lowered his head and looked up at her through thick, dark lashes.
“Gentlemen,” Liberty greeted, setting a fresh bottle in front of each man.
“Thank you,” Talon said, his voice a deep timbre. In fact, she could’ve sworn she heard a slight rumble coming from his chest, but she could’ve been mistaken too. The music was so loud that it may have been a part of the song that was playing over the speakers.
“Is there anything else I can get you?” she asked, taking the empty bottles off of their table.
“Yes, darlin’,” a slurred voice said from behind her. “You can tell these freaks they’re not wanted.”
“Excuse me,” she snarled, setting the tray on Talon’s table and turning around to find Terry Holmes, a guy she’d gone to school with, swaying where he stood, his eyes bloodshot and watery. His blonde hair was unkempt and hung in greasy strands down to the tops of his shoulders. 
“I said…you need to kick these abominations out of your bar,” he snarled back. “Your daddy would be rolling over in his grave if he knew you were serving these…these pussies, Liberty.” 
Liberty was shocked for a moment, but then her temper kicked into high gear. “Terry, my daddy would’ve never been so hateful. Now, you need to just go on back to your seat, and if you can’t behave yourself, I’ll call Sheriff Lynch and have him come pick you up. I think you’ve had enough for the night.”
Terry sputtered for a moment, his face turning red. Before she could blink, Terry reached around her and grabbed Talon’s wrist. “I said they need to go!”
In a move her daddy would have been proud of, Liberty seized a hold of Terry’s wrist, adding just enough pressure for his hand to release the alpha’s wrist. The men at the table cursed and began to scramble as Liberty spun herself to the side, taking Terry to his knees. In a matter of seconds, Liberty had Terry’s arm behind his back at such an odd angle, the other patrons in the bar cringed at the look of pain that crossed the drunk man’s face.
“Listen up, because I am only gonna say this once,” Liberty bellowed, her southern accent thickening with her anger. “This is my bar! It doesn’t matter who or what you are…black, white, human, shifter, or God knows what else is out there, you will not disrespect my customers or anyone who works in this building. From this moment on, The Deuce is neutral territory. Leave your opinions and your differences at the damn door.” With that, Liberty dropped her hold on Terry. The man scrambled to his feet just as Talon’s friends gathered at her back. 
“You will regret this, Liberty Raines,” Terry snarled, pointing a dirty finger in her direction. Liberty stifled a laugh because Terry was pointing at something over her shoulder.
“Go on, Terry,” she barked, shaking her head. “It’s time for you to leave. Don’t let me see you back here until you can behave yourself.”
She watched Terry until he stumbled out of the door, one of his friends following him out to his car. When she turned around, she gaped at the six men who were standing so close to her back that she almost face planted into one of their beefy chests, but then they all took a step back like they were afraid to touch her.
“Why did you do that?” Talon asked, stepping closer. His head tilted to the side again. She mentally slapped herself when she thought he resembled her cat, Mittens, when she would tilt her head from side to side.
“Um, because he was drunk and touched one of my customers,” she answered. “I’m sorry that happened. Are you okay?”
“I’m perfectly fine,” he snapped, looking like he could take her over his knee. Damn, he was mad.
“Are you upset?” she scoffed.
“No, ma’am,” Talon sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose. “I’m not angry at you. What I want to know is, why did you defend us?”
“Because this is my bar and I won’t tolerate disrespect,” she answered, then nodded toward his hand. “Do you need some ice? He grabbed you pretty hard.”
“No,” Talon snorted, calming slightly. “We…um, we heal pretty quickly.” To prove his point, Talon raised his wrist for her to see. 
Liberty gasped as she watched the bruising under his skin fade and quickly vanish. “That’s really cool.”
“Thank you.” Talon smiled. “We believe in repaying our debts. The Shaw Pride is indebted to you, Ms. Raines. If you are ever in need of help, please let us know.”
“Ah, that won’t be necessary,” she blushed, looking up into Talon’s eyes. He was damn near a foot taller than she was. His shoulders were wider than a door frame. This man, and all of the men with him, probably lifted dump trucks just for the fun of it. “Maybe if I need some manual labor… like moving a house, I’ll let you know.”
“Liberty?” Talon called out, just as she had turned to walk away. When she looked over her shoulder, Talon’s nostrils had flared slightly and yellow specks had seeped into his eyes. She felt her body warm from just his look. Oh, this couldn’t be good.
“Yeah?” she stuttered.
“Don’t ever put yourself in a dangerous position with a drunk human male again,” he ordered, his eyes completely switched to a glowing yellow.
“Yes,” she sighed breathlessly. “Um, okay.”
Without another glance, Liberty rushed off to her office, slamming the door behind her. Bending at the waist, she gasped for air as she tried to calm her heart from thundering in her chest. If she closed her eyes, she could still see those beautiful eyes, and she could’ve sworn his scent still lingered around her body. That scent alone caused a heavy feeling in her breasts and a dull ache deep in her belly.
She didn’t know what the hell was going on with her body. Liberty Raines was a strong, independent woman and she would have never let a man tell her what to do. So why in the hell did every part of her mind, body, and soul want to do exactly as Talon Shaw had ordered?



“You know that son of a bitch is going to come back, right?” Noah asked, draining the rest of his beer. His keen eyesight swept across the bar, looking for any sign of trouble.
“He won’t touch her,” Talon vowed. There was something about the woman that made his protective instincts awaken. The feeling was so foreign to him that it shocked him silent for a moment. The feeling was unlike his need to protect his pride. No, this was different…stronger.
“Whoa, dude,” Noah drawled, leaning forward to get a good look at Talon’s face. “Is your panther interested in the little bar owner?”
“What?” Talon growled, feeling his panther close to the surface. He shook himself, trying to silently tell his cat to back the fuck down. He wasn’t looking for a mate, and that little human bar owner was not what he needed…ever. Then why in the hell was he being drawn to her?
“Uh, yeah, man,” he snickered. “Your kitty cat is prowling.” Noah laughed and pointed to his own eyes, alerting Talon to the fact that his were turning amber. 
“Why the fuck do you call it my kitty cat?” he barked, wanting to strangle his little brother and change the subject at the same time. The kid was barely twenty two years old, but he acted like he was still fifteen sometimes. He was built, his jet black hair styled to perfection. Talon often wondered if there was something wrong with Noah because he always dressed like a preppy school boy and not like a man who lived in the backwoods of Mississippi. “Boy, did momma drop you on your head as a cub? I can’t remember if she did.”
The other men at the table, Savage, Dane, Storm, and Winter, looked everywhere but at their alpha, choosing to ignore Noah and his stupid mouth. 
“Naw,” he laughed. “I was the good one, remember? She loved me more than you or Kye.” Kye was the youngest. At seventeen, he was about to graduate high school and head off to college. Talon hoped like hell that their little announcement to the world hadn’t affected his brother’s future.
“Shut up, Noah,” Winter snapped, shaking his dark blonde head. “Boy, you don’t know when to quit, do you?”
“Nope,” Noah grinned. “He loves me. It’s all good, my friends.”
“Now I see why some mothers eat their young,” Talon mumbled.
Talon ignored his brother’s rambling and instead continued to watch the bar with a keen eye. Liberty was rushing out with a tray of food. The tiny brunette looked very small in comparison to the tray she was holding. Her big brown eyes were framed with long lashes, her cheekbones high and sculptured just right. Talon suppressed a groan when he watched her lean over to place a plate of food in front of one of her customers. The tight denim jeans she wore molded to her shapely hips. Her tight tank top made her large breasts defy the material’s ability to stretch to its limits. On her feet, she wore a pair of tennis shoes that had seen better days.
“Your tongue is hanging out,” Winter said, nudging Talon’s side. “She’s human, boss.”
“I know,” Talon replied, not taking his eyes off of the beautiful woman. “I’m trying to figure out why she protected me and took on a man twice her size.”
“She’s a human alpha.” Savage shrugged, pointing the top of his beer bottle in her direction. “That little lady right there is a force of nature in her world. I’ve met a few like her. That man, Terry, best not be causing trouble in here or she’ll eat him for lunch.” Savage was wise beyond his twenty-seven years. He could’ve challenged Talon for the alpha position, but he never did. The Guardian liked his spot in the pride, working at the construction company as a sales rep. 
“It goes against everything we’ve been taught to see a woman have to defend herself, let alone people she doesn’t even know.” Talon glanced at all of his men.
“If I were a human male, I wouldn’t want to piss her off in a dark alley.” Savage shivered and downed the rest of his beer. That admission stopped Talon in his tracks. Savage was very good at reading people. Of course, he kept himself closed off from others, choosing to hide behind his long, dark hair. Maybe he was right about Liberty. She ran the bar like a well-oiled machine, no employee ever called in sick or acted out, that he knew of at least.
“Nope,” Storm laughed, running his hand through his short-cropped, blonde hair, his ice blue eyes sparkling with humor. In fact, the only way to tell that these men were panthers was to look at their eyes. Each and every one of their eyes had a unique ice blue color. Only when their panther took over did the color change to a glowing amber. 
“Hey, boys,” a waitress greeted, smiling as she approached the table. “Name’s Della, and the boss lady said these were on her.” Della popped her bubblegum as she unloaded her tray of ice cold beers on the table. She tucked the tray under her arm and smiled at Winter, winking when his brows raised. “Let me know if you need anything else.”
“Can we order some food?” Noah asked, pulling a menu from behind the salt and pepper shakers at the back of the table. “I’m starving.”
“Whatcha craving, baby boy?” she teased. Over the past few months, they’d learned that this new waitress, Della Carter, was in her mid-forties and didn’t take crap from anyone. She dressed as if she were twenty, and had the body to pull it off. Talon was certain she achieved that by some type of plastic surgery, but he wasn’t one to judge.
“I’d like a double cheeseburger,” he started, then paused. “With a side of fries, onion rings, fried mushrooms, and add two chicken sandwiches to that.”
“You’re going to eat all of that?” Della raised a brow in shock.
“I’m a growing boy,” Noah smirked. “Plus, that’s just an appetizer.”
Della laughed and made her way around the table, dumbfounded at the amount of food the men ordered. Talon smiled to himself. If she only knew how much we spent on groceries, she’d be happy with this small order.
“What’s on the agenda for this evening, boss?” Winter asked, still watching the crowd for any trouble.
“Sitting here,” Talon replied, making his own sweep of the bar. “I’m not leaving here until this place closes tonight. Not sure if ole Terry will come back to confront Liberty.”
“You really think he will?” Noah asked.
“He might,” Talon remarked. “Let’s just enjoy the night off, and tomorrow we can rest until the Fall Equinox gathering at the main house.”
Every Equinox and Solstice, the panthers gathered for a night of celebrations, giving thanks to the ancient gods who had made them what they were. Usually, the women of the pride would prepare a large meal, serving it at the alpha’s home. After the sun set, Talon would hold a ceremony of thanks and then dismiss his pride to shift and hunt on their land. Whatever meat they didn’t eat was dragged back to the main house and the men would stay up past dawn to prepare it for storage, providing the pride with meat for the next three months.
They could shift anytime, day or night, but on the first night of each season, their cats called to run with their fellow shifters. The women were guarded and they were not allowed to run alone. This was more out of a habit carried over from ancient times. They were once hunted by their enemies, and the one way to take out a pride was to kill their females. It was bred in their DNA to be protective, and the women let them. For the females who were with child, they were not allowed to shift during their last trimester. A few of the men would stand guard at the gathering site, ensuring that the women were fully protected.
A commotion at the door had Talon snapping out of his thoughts. The remainder of his Guardians arrived fresh off of work from his construction company. Ranger Coleman and Booth Woods smiled at the passing waitress. Talon believed her name to be Mary Grace. She was a looker as well. Her old world looks gained the attention of Ranger, and he laughed when he saw Booth smack his Guardian in the back of his head to get his attention.
“Jesus, she’s fucking beautiful,” Ranger sighed, shaking his head and taking a seat outside the booth they were sharing. He looked menacing with his jet black hair and full-sleeve tribal tattoos that were as dark as his hair. 
“And she’s human,” Talon reminded him. 
“But she’s a sturdy human.” Ranger wagged his eyebrows. Noah shook his head as he placed his face into his palms. Mary Grace was curved in all the right places. Human men ignored her because of her size, but to a panther…the healthier the woman, the better she’d handle him. A healthy female carried healthy cubs. It was the way things used to be, and for their kind, the way it still was when it came to women.
The thought of sexy, thick thighs had Talon groaning under his breath when his mind drifted back to Liberty Raines. She was tiny in his eyes, but to another human, she could be considered stout. There was nothing wrong with her body. Her hips flared just enough for his large hands to grasp when making love. Her breasts were bountiful enough to feed his babe and any cubs that came after the first. Her skin was slightly tanned, her hands small but strong. Her lips looked like a cupid’s bow and they plumped perfectly when she pursed them in thought. 
And those thoughts just needed to stop. Was he that observant of the little woman? Damn, he’d only spoken to her directly once, and that was only earlier when Terry had caused a scene.
The night wound down and, before Talon knew it, Liberty had started cleaning tables and shooing customers from their seats. As she made the rounds, he watched as she smiled warmly when she stopped at each table. 
“Here’s your tab,” Liberty said, handing Talon a long slip of paper. They’d accumulated quite the bill. Talon didn’t even flinch at the amount at the bottom, retrieving his wallet and pulling out four large bills.
“That should cover everything,” he said, holding the money out for Liberty.
The moment their fingers touched, Talon’s spine stiffened and his panther lurched forward. A hot, nearly debilitating current blazed through his body. His panther roared inside his head. From the look on her face, Talon knew she’d felt the odd sensation as well.
“Are…are you…purring?” she stammered, locking eyes with him. She didn’t cower, nor did she run away. “Um, your eyes…they change color?”
Talon tried with everything he had to push his panther back. He knew what the hell was happening and the revelation stunned him even more. There was no possible way this could be true.
“Boss, what’s wrong?” Savage growled, his body stiffening. Every one of the panthers could feel the electric charge in the air. Something was amiss…something was wrong. Winter, Savage, and Noah crouched low, defensively, awaiting a threat. Little did they know that there was no danger. They’d just witnessed something rare…something unusual.
“Boss?” Winter questioned. 
“Um,” Liberty breathed, her eyes still locked on Talon’s penetrating gaze.
As Talon’s eyes began to clear, his panther finally relaxed. Knowing there were Guardians around for protection, he felt his tension ease slightly, but not before the word slipped from his lips. It was one word…and that word told all of the panthers exactly what had happened.
“Mate,” Talon purred, reaching out to cup Liberty’s face with both of his hands. As soon as his lips crashed down on hers, he was lost. He’d found his mate.
And she was human.


Chapter Two


“What the fuck is your problem?” Liberty snarled, backing away from the man who’d just kissed her in the middle of her bar. “Don’t you ever do that again!”
She was fuming mad. How dare he come in her bar and kiss her like that! Not that it was a bad kiss. His full lips sure knew what they were doing. Oh my god, Liberty Raines! Stop lusting over him!
“I suggest you leave,” she insisted, pointing at the door. 
The men that were with Talon circled around their alpha, whispering in hushed tones. Some of them looked over their shoulders at her, stunned expressions plastered on their faces. 
“I’m sorry, Liberty,” Talon apologized, reaching a hand out in her direction. She jerked back, wrapping her arms around her waist. “You don’t understand.”
“Oh, I understand perfectly well,” she said with a frown. “Please leave before I call the Sheriff.”
“Come on, boss,” the blonde one said, placing a large hand on Talon’s shoulder.
“We need to talk,” Talon said, trying to step forward, but the men pushed him back. Talon’s eyes flared amber again and a deathly rumble bubbled up from his throat. 
Liberty backed away in fear this time, bumping into a chair. She cried out as her balance was compromised, sending her spiraling backwards. She braced for impact with the hard wooden floor, but it never came.
Large, muscular arms wrapped around her waist, spinning her body to the right. Within a matter of a second, she was pressed against Talon’s broad chest. The scent of something sweet and wild invaded her senses, his warmth seeped into her body, and her eyes closed as she sank into his comforting embrace.
“Liberty!” Talon growled. “You could’ve seriously hurt yourself. Are you okay?” His fear radiated through her body. She actually felt the rumble as her face was pressed against his muscular chest. For a split second, she wanted to release all of the tension in her body and just hold on to him, begging him to never let her go.
Like a jolt of electricity had shocked her body, she jerked back, dislodging herself from his warmth, realizing that there was no way she could’ve done that with her own strength. The only reason why he released her was because he wanted to let her go. Liberty was sure that if he had wanted to keep her body locked against his, she would have had no way to break free.
“Don’t yell at me…you big oaf!” Liberty sputtered and pushed a long lock of brown hair out of her eyes. Once she had a hold on her footing, she pointed one last time at the door. “Get. Out!”
“We will be seeing each other again,” Talon promised, stomping toward the door, his men following him out before Liberty could start throwing things at them.
As soon as they were gone, she grabbed a chair and fell into the seat with a hard thump. What in the hell just happened?
Liberty touched her bottom lip, finding that it was slightly swollen from Talon’s claiming kiss. She could still taste him there when she ran her tongue over the warmth that was left where he’d nibbled right before he released her. A low ache between her legs reminded her that it’d been a very long time since a man had gotten that type of response out of her. What was it about Talon Shaw that made her body stand at attention when he looked at her?
She’d tried to ignore him and his friends for most of the night, but she knew when he was watching her. Instead of feeling creeped out by that, she had actually felt…safe. At one point in the night, a customer stumbled into her side. She was able to recover quickly, because it was a regular thing for her to have to deal with drunk people who couldn’t walk straight. She’d seen Talon from the corner of her eye start to stand, but he relaxed once she laughed and moved out of the way of the guy heading for the restrooms. 
Talon had watched her and everyone else in the bar. It was like he was looking for trouble before it arrived. He’d stayed until closing, and that was not something he usually did. Was he worried Terry would come back? And why the hell did he want to talk to her? Was it about the kiss? Could he want to explain why he had growled the word “mate” after he’d released her? Or was he being a typical male and wanted to scold her for coming to his defense when Terry all but told them they weren’t welcome?
It didn’t matter. She’d been so shocked by the kiss that she had kicked him out and maybe, just maybe, he’d take the hint and not return. Liberty frowned to herself and looked over at their regular table, trying to imagine them not there on Friday and Saturday nights. Why did the thought of them not being there cause a knot to tighten in her stomach?
Giving up on trying to answer her questions, Liberty quickly made the deposit for the night and locked the safe. Turning off the lights, she took her gun from her purse and slid it in the concealed holster at her hip. The soft leather material attached to her pants and since she’d worn it so long, it had molded to her shape, allowing for the perfect fit. Throwing her purse over her left shoulder, she tucked her tank top in to her pants, behind the butt of the gun so that it was easier to reach if needed. She checked her surroundings, then set the alarm and rushed out the front door, locking the two deadbolts tight. Once inside her car, she backed out of her parking spot and turned onto Highway 305, heading south a few miles to her home. 
It was after two in the morning when she finally climbed into her bed, sighing in relief from how exhausted she was. Although she promised herself not to dream about that kiss, her night visions were filled with muscular men and sleek, black cats who followed her, vowing to protect her with their lives. 



The room was dark, the only light coming from the reflection off an old television that sat on a rickety table in the corner of an abandoned cabin. He really wanted that panther’s blood. How dare he take this to the media? If that alpha had kept a tighter leash on his fucking cats, Franklin wouldn’t have to be working to contain his wolves and their need for blood and secrecy. They’d lived undetected for hundreds of years, thousands even. Now, because of two damn cats, their kind would be subject to being hunted and killed.
His wolves had seen the news coverage and had demanded retribution from the alpha who almost let it be known that there were more than just his fucking cats in the world. Franklin wondered if the bears were as riled up as his kind was about the announcement. 
It really didn’t matter what anyone else thought, he knew that the panther leader had to suffer for his actions. The rule was that no human should ever learn about them, and he’d be dammed if one young alpha was going to destroy their entire race by telling all of their secrets.
A noise had Franklin’s skin tightening. He sensed his two cousins before they ever entered the cabin. The door was pushed open, revealing the men, and they had brought back company. His cousins, Lenny and Trevor, smiled as they tossed two people into the room. The scent of cat caused the wolf leader’s nose to wrinkle. 
“Brought you something,” Lenny sneered.
“Ahh.” Franklin smiled. The two cats were young. The male wasn’t even into his adulthood yet, and the little girl was quite the looker. She couldn’t have been more than sixteen years old, but with her long, blonde hair, she could pass for much older.  The boy’s hair was slightly darker than hers and he was definitely coming into his prime, but he wasn’t bulky enough to even have a fair fight with a wolf. Franklin smiled as he saw that Lenny had fitted them with spiked collars, ensuring they couldn’t shift. “Perfect.”
“What do you want?” the young boy growled, his eyes flickering amber. 
“Ah, ah, ah,” Franklin tsked. “You don’t want to shift, boy. Those spikes will kill you.”
“You killed my pride,” he yelled. “What do you want from me?” The boy watched the young female protectively. There was enough resemblance to prove that they were siblings. 
His cousins had found a very small pride in the mountains of eastern Tennessee. Franklin had given the kill order, but requested they bring him the two weakest members, a male and a female. He needed the cats to do his dirty work, and he also needed a female. The female would be the cats’ downfall. Those fuckers would do anything to protect their women. 
“You, my little cat, are going to work for me. I want information on the local pride leader.” Franklin stood from the table and walked over to the girl, running his finger down her cheek. She would do just fine.
“Don’t touch her!” The boy lunged for Franklin, but Lenny was faster, kicking the young cat in the ribs. The boy rolled to his knees and growled low in his throat. All of the wolves laughed when the boy hissed out in pain. His panther had tried to push forward, but the spikes in his neck prevented his transformation.  
“You will do as I say or your sister will suffer,” Franklin teased. Oh, this was going to be easy. The little cat would do anything to protect his family. Wasn’t that just precious?
“I’ll do whatever you want,” the boy said in defeat. 
“I’m going to send you on a mission,” Franklin began. “If you alert the pride about us, I will do terrible things to your sister and make you watch. You will have to live with the fact that you watched her die at our hands for the rest of your life.”
Franklin emphasized his promise by touching the girl’s cheek again. He lifted her hair away from the collar and sniffed her neck. He could do something about her scent. She was ripe for a vicious wolf. He didn’t know how long it would take for her to be useless to his needs, but he was anxious to find out.
“Okay,” the boy whispered. “What do you want me to do?” The little boy had no idea how much this excited the wolves. 



The sun had just started to peek over the horizon, the morning air crisp and cool for the beginning of autumn. Talon’s panther paced on the outskirts of a wooded area, not in his territory. A small farmhouse sat a hundred yards away, quiet and dark. Its occupants were still sleeping nestled in their beds.
He’d searched for only an hour before he’d picked up her scent. Following along the Coldwater River just north of his property, Talon had found her house. He kept to the shadows, prowling quietly around her door. He felt like a stalker, his panther’s tongue rolled out into the cat’s version of a smile. In his cat’s mind, she was his mate and they had every right to be there.
There were only two scents that covered the property; Liberty’s and her younger sister, Nova’s. The tiny, two story home sat back off of the road, but not far enough that it couldn’t be seen from the window of a passing car. The white siding appeared to be slightly weathered, the windows were hazy and had to be original to the century old home. The leaves on the large oak trees that surrounded the house were just starting to turn yellow and orange, signaling the change of seasons.
After he’d been kicked out of her bar, Talon rushed home and shifted into his cat. It didn’t matter what Talon’s plans were, because once his beast had taken over, there was no stopping his search for the woman who was to be his mate. 
Talon’s panther froze as a sound drifted out of the house, just a small hint of a noise that only his enhanced hearing could detect. It was the creek of a floorboard on the upper level of the home. Laying down behind a thick shrub, the dead leaves on the ground crunched beneath his underbelly. Even with the small amount of the dawn’s light outside, the upstairs bedroom light flickered to life, illuminating the room’s interior. Talon felt his cat’s heart race, knowing that his mate was the one in that room. It didn’t take long before a shadow approached the window. A flash of long, brown hair was the first thing he saw before she stepped up to the window and looked out into the forest behind her home. She wore a dark brown sleep shirt with thin straps over her shoulders. He could barely make out a pair of plaid lounge pants at her hips before the windowsill hid the rest of her body from his view.
She shivered once and moved away from the window, leaving him aching for just one more glance. He didn’t have to wait long before she returned with a beige colored robe, tying the sash tightly around her waist. Talon stayed still, watching her appear lost in thought as her eyes roamed the wooded area with a look of longing. He told himself that she was the most beautiful thing he’d ever seen. His panther rumbled in agreement.
After a few minutes, Liberty disappeared again and shut off the light. Moments later, he heard the unique sound of another squeaky floorboard on a set of stairs. He slinked back into the woods and the direction he had come, promising he’d return when it was dark, just to make sure she was okay.

Chapter Three


The shifters never made it in to the bar and Liberty had been on edge, expecting them to walk in at any moment. Mary Grace and Nicole wiped down tables so that they could scoot several together for a bachelorette party that had found their way out to The Deuce. The bride to be was already unsteady on her feet and Liberty warned Cole and Luke about serving her too many drinks. 
The night progressed with a local band singing covers of classic rock songs to keep the crowd entertained. Nova and Della were carrying out trays of food as fast as Moe could get them ready. All in all, the night was turning one hell of a profit, and Liberty was in her element. 
As the bar began to empty out and people said their goodbyes, she snuck a peek at the door, frowning slightly when she realized that Talon Shaw must’ve taken her warning to heart and kept himself away from the bar.
“He’s not coming, sis,” Nova said, wrapping an arm around Liberty’s shoulders.
“Who?” Liberty questioned, drying a few glasses she’d washed in the bar sink instead of letting them air dry.
“Your panther,” Nova giggled, stepping away when Liberty shrugged off her arm. “Guess you scared the big guy off.”
“He had no right to kiss me,” she complained, recalling the hot kiss. In fact, her lips still tingled with awareness as if it’d just happened. Liberty had confessed to the kiss earlier in the morning when Nova had caught her staring off into the woods while sipping coffee at the kitchen table. 
“I’ve been reading a lot of paranormal romance novels.” Nova smiled. “If he claims you as his mate, Liberty, then you are his mate.”
“Seriously?” Liberty gasped. “You actually believe the crap you’ve been reading in your books is true?”
“Animal instinct,” she purred, fluttering her hand in front of her face. “It’s so romantic.”
“Romantic?” she choked out. “I’m not going to be his mate or whatever the hell they call it!”
“Just give the guy a chance, Libby,” Nova begged, using the nickname that she hated.
“Again…I’m not going to be this guy’s mate, and don’t call me Libby,” she huffed, heading out from behind the bar. She needed to find something to do in her office. Maybe the air ducts needed cleaning or something. Then she could just crawl inside them and hide for a few days.
Sitting down in her office chair, she grabbed a deposit slip and started counting money. It kept her mind off of sexy men and her silly sister. Her crazy ideas about love and soul mates made Liberty chuckle to herself. That sister of hers was a hopeless romantic. 
“You ready?” Nova asked, peeking through the crack in the door.
“Yes,” she said, stacking the deposits and wrapping a rubber band around the two bags.
“I’ll meet you at the car.” Nova left her to finish her nightly ritual. 
Liberty locked the safe and grabbed her bag, slinging it over her shoulder. As she stepped out of the building, a breeze picked up, sending leaves scattering across the parking lot. For a split second, she smelled something familiar, something wild. Using just her eyes to scan the area, Liberty didn’t want to startle Nova, who was standing by the car they shared, filing one of her nails.
“Come on, Liberty,” Nova shouted. “It’s getting cold.”
“I’m coming,” she replied, glancing over her shoulder as she jogged toward the car. The hair on the back of her neck raised and she could’ve sworn someone was watching her.
Her hair blew around her face, the scent reached her nose again, and then she frowned, wondering if maybe it was just the full dumpster behind the building. With all of this talk of shifters, Liberty was a little on edge. Talon had said that they were not dangerous. So, maybe she was just freaking herself out for no reason at all.
Nova leaned her head back in the seat once Liberty started the car, closing her eyes for the ride home. It only took five minutes for them to reach the house. The tall light in the yard illuminated the front of their home. They’d had it installed the day they moved in, because they both worked late and coming home to a darkened property wasn’t the safest thing for two young women living alone. 
Liberty still carried her pistol, either in a holster on her side or in her purse, ensuring she had some form of protection. The town they lived in had a very low crime rate and the fact that they lived out in the county, consisting of mostly farms, meant there was a very slim chance something would happen, but she’d always been taught to be aware no matter where she was or what she was doing. Liberty’s dad had made sure his girls were comfortable around guns and had enrolled both of them in a safety course every few years. Liberty and Nova were more comfortable around guns than they were around a tube of lipstick. 
Nova rushed to the door, unlocking it before Liberty could take the first step up onto the porch. Both women froze when a branch snapped near the side of the house.
“Get inside, Nova,” Liberty ordered, pulling her gun from the holster on her side. 
“No, you come inside too,” Nova protested, her eyes darting around the yard. “We’ll call the Sheriff.”
“Hand me that flashlight,” she told her, holding her hand out behind her and taking a position in front of her sister. Nova complied, reaching behind the front door. She slapped the flashlight into Liberty’s palm, but not without a whispered curse.
The light beamed to life as Liberty flipped the switch, shining the light with her left hand. Nova didn’t protest when Liberty took a step off of the porch, shining the light toward the woods at the side of the house. 
Could someone be following them? She’d been spooked all night and now there was the sound of that branch snapping. Could it be an animal? A little voice in the back of her head wondered if it was one of the shifters, but she immediately squashed that thought. Talon didn’t know where she lived. Or did he?
“I don’t see anything,” Liberty announced, turning off the flashlight as she climbed the steps up to the porch. 
Once inside, she double checked the locks on the doors and windows, pulling all of the curtains closed tightly in the front room. She really hoped there wasn’t some creep out there on her property. With the clientele that came into her bar, she wouldn’t put it past the scarier ones to do something stupid like follow her home. She’d pissed off more than a few drunks when she’d had to kick them out for misbehaving.
Climbing in the bed, she closed her eyes, exhaustion rearing its ugly head. She’d only slept a few hours the night before, too busy remembering that heated kiss. Tomorrow she’d sleep in until early afternoon. She wasn’t due into work until five. Cole was going to take over the lunch shift to give her a needed half day off.
Mittens the cat curled up against her chest, purring softly as Liberty stroked her head. She fell into a deep sleep, not hearing the snap of another branch right outside her window.
Chapter Four


The gathering of panthers for the Fall Equinox was in full swing. The women of the pride had been preparing food for the past few days, ensuring everyone would have enough to eat before and after the communal shift at midnight.
Talon walked to his bedroom window, overlooking his land.  His pride members milled about, laughing and talking with each other.  Talon smiled to himself.  They treated each other as if they were family.  There were no fights within his pack, unless it was a fight for position within the ranks of his Guardians.  All of his men had been in their spots for the past few years, none of them ever caring to move up or down the ladder.  He knew that time would come someday, but for now, he’d enjoy the peacefulness of his pride.
As he checked the clock, Talon thought about Liberty.  It was getting close to closing time at the bar, and he wondered if she was okay.  He should’ve gone by there earlier, but he couldn’t leave his pride right before the gathering.  No alpha had ever missed one, and he wasn’t going to let his pride down because he had feelings for the human bar owner.
Talon made his way down the stairs, stopping in the kitchen to check on the women.  They had one pregnant female who was due any day. Her husband was hovering over her as she sat at the kitchen table.  When she started to rise, Talon held up his hand, halting her.
“No, Hera.” He smiled warmly at her.  “No need to get up.”
“Thank you, Alpha,” she told him.
“Alpha?” Talon turned to see her husband, Alec, approach, ringing his hands nervously.
“Yes?” Talon replied, knowing what the man was going to request.
“I’d like to ask permission to not run with the pride tonight,” he began.  “As much as I appreciate our Guardians, I would prefer to watch over Hera this evening.”
“I grant your request, Alec,” Talon answered, patting the man’s shoulder.  “Take care of your mate.”
“Thank you,” he breathed out, clearly relieved. “We will join everyone for the ceremony.” 
Talon nodded and made his way out to the backyard.  The ceremony was a tradition passed down from generation to generation. The panthers would celebrate a new mating, the birth of a cub, or the announcement of a new pregnancy. After Talon had blessed the couples or parents, he would gather everyone for a meal. At midnight, the pride would shift and spend the next few hours in their cat’s form, running and hunting on the property they called home.
Talon’s property was at the most southern tip of the county, only fifteen miles outside of the town of Olive Branch. His family had owned this land since coming here from Ireland over a hundred years ago.
“Alpha?” a small voice called out. Looking down, Talon smiled at the little cub who was tugging on his pant leg. 
“What is it, little one?” he asked, leaning over and scooping up the boy. He belonged to one of the families in the pride. His father worked as a plumber for his construction company and his mother was one of the caregivers for all of the children with working parents.
“My name is Duke,” the cub announced, proudly holding his head high. Talon laughed to himself because he already knew the little cub’s name. “My papa says I’ll be an alpha like you someday.”
“Have you been eating your meat, Duke?” Talon asked, using his alpha voice. 
“Yes, sir!” Duke made a show of flexing his muscles and growling like a cat. 
“That’s good,” he chuckled. “You keep getting big and strong, and I’m sure you’ll get your own pride one day.”
“Duke!” a female voice yelled. Duke’s mother, June, rushed up, immediately dropping her eyes as a show of respect. “I’m sorry, Alpha. He’s very inquisitive at this age.”
“No worries, June,” Talon reassured her. “He’s going to make a great leader one day.”
“He has a wonderful leader to follow,” she told him, then nodded, waiting for Talon to set the boy down before taking her son’s hand. 
Talon smiled, ruffling Duke’s hair one last time, and excused himself to go find his Guardians. They were milling around the campfire, each with a beer in hand.
“Savage,” Talon announced. “I am not appointing you to watch over Hera this evening. Her mate requested that he be allowed to stay with her since she is so near her delivery with their cub. She hasn’t been feeling well today, so I granted his request.” This was also the couple’s first born, so Talon understood the need for the male to stick close to his mate.
“Are we ready?” Winter asked, looking around the group that was starting to gather.
On Talon’s nod, everyone made a circle around the fire, listening as Talon spoke words of praise for the new members of their pride, for the children, and asked if there were any matings that needed his blessing. When no one came forward, Talon let his cat take over, his eyes bleeding amber.
“Shift,” he demanded, watching as the members of his pride stripped and fell to the ground, their panthers taking over their human form.
Talon watched Ranger out of the corner of his eye. He was a damn good Guardian, but he had been hurt when he was a kid. He’d come to the pride six years ago, a broken and bloodied shell of a male. Talon’s father had agreed to take him into the pride and have their healer work on his injuries. He’d been attacked by bears in Alaska while in human form. His left leg had been mangled, and shifting into his panther could only heal so much damage. Talon smiled to himself as he remembered the day Ranger and Dane had become friends. It was also the day they’d beat the living hell out of each other. They both had their demons, yet somehow had forged a friendship in the process. 
A nose nudged his hand. Looking down, he saw Dane, his damaged ear cocked at an awkward angle, standing there. The panther huffed slightly and tossed his head over to the side, letting Talon know that he would run with his friend.
“You are an amazing male, my friend,” he praised, taking a moment to touch the top of his Guardian’s head, before stripping off his own clothing.
No one in the pride was shy about nudity. Since their clothes did not magically disappear during the shift, everyone would undress and set them on a bench or a table to retrieve later when they returned to the alpha’s house.
Winter and Savage huffed as they sat on their haunches, waiting for Talon to complete his change. It was a short process, not allowing them to be vulnerable for any length of time. Talon released a breath and felt his bones changing, rearranging. Fur sprouted where his human skin once was. Sharp, lethal canines grew in his mouth. A long tail appeared as he rose up on all four paws. Talon’s human mind relaxed, giving himself over to his other half.
The panther knew where he wanted to go…where he wanted to hunt. As he rushed through the wilderness surrounding his property, he felt two of his Guardians at his back, but didn’t acknowledge their presence. 
The cat and human fought for control as the panther hurried toward the property line. Talon’s human side pulled back, telling his cat that going to Liberty’s home was off limits, but the panther was in control. It was a constant fight between the animal and human mind. They were one in the same, but when in animal form, the human mind was weaker. Talon was aware and could see everything the panther did, but the wildness inside the animal was stronger, more in charge. 
The old country road was clear of cars as they approached, and Talon’s panther rushed across the hard pavement. The sounds of the river to the east reached the panther’s ears. The two Guardians behind Talon huffed when they realized where their leader was heading. They didn’t sound happy about the direction, but they didn’t protest, either. All panthers understood the draw of a mate, even if they didn’t have one themselves. 
They followed the river northward for a few minutes before Talon’s panther turned left on a barely worn path that lead to his mate’s home. The trail he’d made through the brush just the night before was still pressed down, guiding his way.
Talon slowed as he approached Liberty’s property, a faint scent tingled his senses. It was a panther, but not one of his pride. As an alpha, he could pick out the scent of each and every one of his members. Their essence was etched into his brain, but this scent was definitely not a part of his extended family. 
He knew when Savage and Winter had noticed by the deep, rumbling growl that bubbled out of their chests. It was a warning, and Talon followed up with his own snarl of rage.
A rogue panther has been on her property. His human side fought its way up to the surface, pulling against the panther that wanted to find and protect his mate at all costs. 
The shift was quick, his body redesigning itself into that of a man. His two Guardians stepped up near him as soon as their bodies became human; both men were at his back, taking a protective stance.
“Rogue panther,” Winter growled. 
“It is,” Talon spat, his shoulders tensing as his protective instincts kicked in. A male was very protective of his mate. An alpha? Well, there was no comparison to the level of protectiveness one felt when it came to his female. It’d been said that an alpha separated from his mate in times of distress would be worse than anything humankind had ever seen.
“Make sure she’s in the house,” Talon ordered, his sharp canines growing thick in his mouth. He and his panther wanted the intruder’s blood for even stepping foot on her property.
Those feelings shocked Talon, making him pause for a second. She was human and had no way of protecting herself against one of his kind. No human was strong enough to take on a panther. 
As they crept along the edge of the trees in her yard, Talon tried to keep his temper in check, but was failing miserably. The scent of the rogue cat became stronger as they walked.
“It’s male,” Talon growled, inhaling deep to program that scent into his memory. He’d need it later when he killed the rogue in a fit of rage for being this close to Liberty.
“Paw prints,” Winter pointed out, squatting down to inspect the large indention in the wet ground beneath his feet. Thankfully, it’d rained a few days prior and with the cover of the trees, the ground had stayed a bit damp. 
“Who the fuck is it?” Talon muttered angrily, trying to place the scent and the print. The size was fairly large, almost as large as his own panther’s paw. What was he doing on Liberty’s property?
“We need to talk to her, send some Guardians to watch her house,” Savage added, continuing his search for any other markings or clues.
Before Talon could reply, the click of a gun froze them all in their spots. They’d been so focused on the paw print that they hadn’t even heard someone approach. That was one thing that could be fatal for their kind. 
“Don’t fucking move!” Liberty ordered.



Her hands shook slightly as she held the gun at the ready, unable to make out the three figures in her yard. She’d just climbed into bed when Mittens, her small calico cat, jumped onto the windowsill and hissed at something outside in the yard. When she peeked through the curtains, she’d seen three figures moving slowly around the edge of her property, but couldn’t make out who they were. With no regard for her safety, she grabbed her gun and slipped out the side door, keeping to the shadows until she was close enough to confront them.
“Who are you and what are you doing on my land?” she demanded, sounding more in control than she actually felt at the moment. 
“Liberty?” a familiar voice called out. It was one she’d heard in her dreams for the last two nights.
“Talon?” she gasped, lowering her weapon, but quickly pulled it back up to aim in their direction. “What are you doing here….and…oh my god, are you naked?”
She quickly averted her eyes as they realized the same thing, all three men scrambling for the cover of some shrubs. Heat crept up her neck and onto her face. Thankfully, it was really dark and she hadn’t seen something she’d regret. Okay, maybe not regret. She would bet he was ripped and big…really big. Stop it!
“We’re sorry,” he said, clearing his throat. “Can we talk? Do you have some clothes we could borrow?”
“Who’s with you?” she asked, turning her head slightly, making sure they were hidden. She was a little disappointed to see that they were.
“Savage and Winter, ma’am,” Winter replied, trying to keep from chuckling, but failing miserably. She wanted to be mad, but when she looked at the situation now that she knew she was safe, Liberty chuckled as well.
“This is not funny,” Talon barked, pushing what she assumed was his alpha voice deeper and louder.
“We need to talk with you, Liberty, and it’s important,” Winter said, all sense of humor gone.
“Can we not do this in the morning?” she asked, cocking her hip to the side. “And by the way, this is no way to come for a visit, boys.”
“Boys?” Savage snorted. Savage was younger than Talon, but only by a few years. His brown hair barely reached his shoulders and his arms were heavily tattooed. 
“Savage,” Talon warned.
“Sorry,” he replied.
“Liberty,” Talon said as he turned to address her. She suppressed a sigh at hearing her name fall from his lips. “This is important and not something we need to talk about out here. May we please come inside?”
“I’ll get you some of my dad’s old sweatpants and put them on the back porch. You can come inside when you are decent.” She lowered the gun and tucked it in the back of her waistband. 
“Thank you,” he said, his voice sounding a bit more normal.
Liberty rushed into the house, trying to keep as quiet as possible so she didn’t wake up Nova. If her sister had known there were three naked men at the house, she’d be down there in an instant. Grabbing the box in the back of the storage room closet, she tried to not think of her father as she dug out the pants. 
Outside, there was an old wooden swing to the right of the door. She didn’t say anything, just set the pants on the seat and turned back to go inside. 
Taking a calming breath, she took a seat at the square table in her tiny kitchen where she could see the back door. Her hands fidgeted as she bit her lip, trying to think about why these men were slinking around her yard in the middle of the night. Whatever it was, she had a feeling she wasn’t going to like what they had to say.
“Liberty?” Talon called out quietly, pulling the old wooden screen door open.
“Have a seat,” she said, motioning to the chairs around the table.
She had to swallow the lump in her throat when she looked up, seeing the three men duck as they entered her house. They were not only gorgeous, but extremely muscular. Talon’s skin was tanned, like he’d spent most of the summer working outside…shirtless. His chest was smooth except for a thin, dark trail of hair leading from below his navel down to where it disappeared into the borrowed pants. Those pants were slung low on his hips, a defined muscle rose out of the material and made a thick V leading up from his hips. His nipples were dark brown and she bit her tongue to keep from licking her lips.
“Why are you on my property?” she demanded, trying to get her mind to come back on line. Maybe she should’ve offered them shirts? Not that they would’ve fit any of them. Her father had been a big man, but nothing compared to these shifters. All three wooden chairs groaned from their weight as Talon, Winter, and Savage took a seat, making Liberty feel like a small child. 
“Do you know any shifters? Other than us?” Talon asked, his eyes locked with hers. He was on edge, so much so, she could feel the tension in the air.
“Me? Um, no,” she replied, confused as to why they were asking. “Why?”
“We were out on our hunt for the Fall Equinox and scented a strange cat on your land,” he started explaining. “We shifted to investigate and found a very large paw print just inside the tree line at the edge of your yard.”
“What?” she gasped. “Are you sure?”
“We’re sure,” Talon continued. “Winter found the print. We’d just shifted to human when you pointed your weapon at us.” He glanced at the gun in question, sitting in front of her on the table. She didn’t know these guys well and with the kissing, she wasn’t sure what his intentions were toward her. So, she was going to play it safe.
“There was something…” She paused, biting her lip. 
“What, Liberty?” he urged, reaching out to take her hand softly. There was that jolt again. She closed her eyes and sighed heavily, jerking back in her seat when she realized what she’d done, but she didn’t let go of his hand, either. 
“When we locked up the bar, I thought someone was out there watching us,” she admitted, taking a deep breath to steady her nerves. It also helped that Talon’s large hand had enveloped hers. She had no desire to pull it back. “I didn’t see anyone, but I could’ve sworn I smelled something.”
“What did you scent, Liberty?” Talon asked, concern causing a wrinkle to form between his eyes. Liberty wanted so badly to reach up and smooth it away, but she didn’t want to touch him. It was hard enough composing sentences when he held her hand. 
“It smelled wild, familiar,” she explained, glancing at the two other men. They were leaning forward, their elbows resting on the table. They didn’t appear to have noticed that Talon had moved his seat closer to hers. He was still holding her hand.
“Like one of us?” Winter asked. He’d been quiet up until then, only listening to her and Talon’s conversation. 
“I think so,” she answered hesitantly. “Like you, but not you. I don’t know. It was a bit breezy. It could’ve been anything. Maybe it was coming from the dumpster. God knows that thing stinks on the weekends before it’s picked up on Monday.”
“What else?” Talon urged, taking his thumb and rubbing it slowly across the back of her knuckles.
“When we arrived here, I was unlocking the door and heard a branch snap out in the woods.” She pointed in the direction where she’d also found the three of them. “I thought maybe it was you.”
“It wasn’t me,” he cursed. “Liberty, I’m worried we may have a rogue loose in the area. I don’t know why he came here. Maybe he was just passing through, but I don’t like this at all.”
“But I thought your kind weren’t dangerous,” she stated, looking at each of the men.
“We can be,” Talon replied, his voice dangerously low. “But we don’t hurt women…ever.”
“Okay,” she said, drawing out the word. “That’s good to know, I guess.”
“Where’s your phone?” he asked, finally releasing her hand. She wanted to reach out for his warmth again, but didn’t. Instead, she stood up to retrieve her phone from her purse. When she returned, he was frowning at the gun she had left on the table. “Do you know how to use that thing?”
“Yes,” she chuckled, handing over her phone so he could enter his phone number into her contacts. “I’ve been handling firearms since I was six years old. My daddy taught me how to be safe around guns, and I’m a damn good shot.”
“Do you have no fear, woman?” Winter asked, shaking his head. “Never go out into a dark area to confront three men in the woods.”
“I was perfectly fine,” she said through gritted teeth. “It stopped you, didn’t it?”
“That’s because we were a friend, not an enemy,” Savage offered, finally speaking up.
“I’m going to send some Guardians to watch over your property for a few nights,” Talon said, his tone telling her his decision was final. But Liberty wasn’t one of his pride. “If you have any problems, you call me immediately.”
“Um, no,” she said, narrowing her eyes. “I don’t need men around here, walking through my property at night.”
“I wasn’t asking you,” he argued, leaning forward. She felt a wave of power emanate from his body, only freezing her for a moment, before she shook herself and laughed.
“You can’t use that mystical mojo on me, buddy,” she replied. “I’m human, remember?”
“That’s the problem, isn’t it?” he muttered. Liberty tilted her head to the side and narrowed her eyes at him.
“Excuse me?” 
“With all of the excitement of our announcement,” he started saying, then paused, looking deep into her eyes. It was as if he was gauging something. Like he was possibly trying to decide what or how he should say what he needed to say.
“Out with it, Talon,” she ordered, leaning forward so they were almost nose to nose. This man thought he’d come in here and boss her around? That was not happening.
“There are things you do not know about us…things you have no business knowing,” he snarled, a bit of amber bleeding into his ice blue eyes. “Can you just let us keep an eye on the place for a few days?” As soon as Talon started to relax, Liberty raised an eyebrow, waiting to see if he would continue. He didn’t, and she was glad because something inside her didn’t want this man to be angry with her. Hell, she didn’t even know him and for some reason, she wanted to… please him? She barely contained an unladylike snort.
“I don’t want men hiding in the woods, watching my house. That’s a little creepy,” she complained, leaning back in her chair and folding her arms across her chest. The action sent Talon’s eyes southward to her breasts. She immediately dropped her arms and rested her fisted hands in her lap. She really wanted to punch the jerk.
“They won’t be men,” he admitted, casting a glance at his two friends. “They’ll be panthers.”
“Oh,” she gasped, her eyes widening. 
“I’ll be leading the group,” Winter informed her, putting her a bit at ease. She liked Talon’s second-in-command. He had a smile that melted your heart ….not to mention your panties. Winter Blue looked like he could be the boy next door, with his blonde hair and ice blue eyes. His defined muscles seemed to test the strength of the material in the borrowed sweatpants. He kept a few days growth on his face and it was neatly trimmed. “We just want to make sure you’re safe.”
“Safe from what?” Nova demanded, standing in the doorway with her arms crossed over her chest, looking like a younger version of Liberty.
“Whatever it is that’s been creeping around our property,” Liberty told her, standing up from her chair. 
“Did something happen after I went to bed?” Nova asked, rubbing the sleep out of her eyes. “I heard voices and decided to come down and see who was here.”
Liberty offered her seat to Nova, and went to lean against the counter. Talon filled her sister in on everything that had happened up until Liberty had held a gun on them in the yard. Nova listened, nodding occasionally. 
“I think Talon’s right,” Nova agreed after she’d been told the entire story. “We have guns, but we don’t have anyone else out here.” Liberty ground her teeth and hated to admit that Nova was probably right.
“Our kind are strong and fast,” Talon said, rising to his full height. He walked over to stand in front of Liberty. She had to lean her head back to be able to look him in the eyes. She was an average height of five and a half feet, but Talon towered over her. He had to have been six foot four or five. 
“I have no doubt that you are strong,” she snickered. “I’m sorry, but you guys are ginormous.” 
“With our…abilities, we also have superhuman strength,” Winter added, his eyes on Nova, who was grinning like a fool. “What?”
“Told you my sexy romance books were spot on,” Nova laughed, looking over her shoulder at Liberty.  As Nova got up from her chair, it was all Liberty could do not to run and hide from Nova’s embarrassing confession.
“Romance books?” Savage asked, his voice deep and gravely.
“Nothing,” Liberty bit out, shooing Nova out of the room. “Go to bed. You have stuff to do tomorrow.”
“No, I don’t,” Nova giggled. 
“Yes, you do,” Liberty stammered. “You…you have to clean the backroom at the bar.”
“What?” Nova gasped, but didn’t get a chance to say anything else before Liberty placed her hand over her sister’s lips, stopping any words that were next to fly out of her dang mouth.
“Go. To. Bed, Nova,” Liberty ordered, shooting an angry look at her sister. Nova, being the smart one, took the hint, but laughed all the way back to her room.
“You need your rest, too,” Talon said.
“That I do,” she said, suddenly feeling bone tired. They’d been in her house for an hour already, and she found that she liked them there for some strange reason. She’d think about her feelings tomorrow when she’d had more sleep and time to figure out everything that had happened tonight.
“Can you give us a moment?” Talon asked his men. They both nodded, wished Liberty a good night, and walked out the back door. 
“What is it?” Liberty asked, taking a step closer to Talon. That was one step too many because she could smell him again, and damn if he didn’t smell amazing.
“My scent attracts you,” he stated.
“Do…what?” she gasped. “Excuse me?”
“It’s the mating scent,” he said, then smiled at her. She could’ve sworn his chest puffed out a bit, but...well, maybe it did. Damn, she couldn’t quit staring at his muscles or his nipples. Liberty, you tramp! Stop!
“About this mating thing,” she snapped, remembering all too well what happened at the bar. “I’m not falling for this mate stuff. If you want to get to know me better, that’s fine, but you don’t just claim me or whatever it is that your kind does. I’m a woman, and I should be treated as such. Doesn’t your kind date?”
“Huh?” he asked, confusion written all over his face. She felt a dreamy sigh billowing up, but pushed it down. He had to do this right.
“Why don’t you ask your buddies?” she said, pushing him out of the door. “I’m too damn tired to get into this conversation tonight, I mean, this morning.” She quickly closed the door before he could say anything else, but he wasn’t done.
“Liberty,” he growled from the other side of the door.
“Good night, Talon,” she sweetly responded, turning off the back porch light and taking the stairs two at a time so she could finally get some sleep.



“Stubborn ass woman,” Talon grumbled, stomping off of her porch. His narrowed gaze sent Winter and Savage back a few steps, his alpha power radiating out toward his Guardians.
“She wants to be courted?” Savage scoffed, kicking a rock out of the way. It sailed through the forest and imbedded itself into a tall pine tree. 
“I can’t be mated to a human,” Talon sighed. “It’s just not possible. I…I could kill her when we mate.”
“Nah,” Winter drawled. “She’s a sturdy thing. I bet she could handle ya.”
“I’m not willing to take that chance,” he replied, stripping off his borrowed pants. 
“I’ll keep watch until the sun comes up, then head back to the house,” Winter said, preparing himself for the shift. 
“Report as soon as you arrive back,” Talon ordered. “If there is any trouble, call for me.” The pride couldn’t talk amongst themselves when in their cat form, but they could communicate with him. The alpha knew all, saw all, and felt all. If there was a member in distress, he would know. It was his job to see to their well-being.
“Yes, sir,” Winter nodded, shifting into a sleek black panther.
In a matter of minutes, Talon and Savage had shifted for the return to his home. Talon snagged the sweats between his teeth, careful not to puncture holes in them. He’d have them laundered and he’d return them to her tomorrow night at the bar. It’d give him a chance to get to know her better.
Even with the added coat of fur, Talon shivered as the wind blew, the faint scent of the unknown cat tickling his nose. He had a bad feeling deep in his bones and he didn’t like it one bit. 
The trip back to his property took fifteen minutes, with them only needing to cross one road. As soon as he entered their property, he saw that a few of his pride were milling around, tired from their hunt. Noah was pulling a large buck by its hind leg, dragging the carcass back toward the house. 
Once the trees opened into the large backyard of the pride’s home, Talon shifted, grabbing his jeans from the wooden table where he’d left them. Scooping up the used sweatpants, he climbed the porch stairs and entered the kitchen, only to find several female pride members with his mom cleaning dishes and covering leftover food. 
“Make sure you take some of that home with you,” he encouraged, nodding toward the bowls and plates on the long dining room table. 
The pride all lived on his land; several cabins dotted the area around the main house where Talon lived with his brother, Kye. Noah had built his own cabin the spring before and lived just inside the wooded area on the side of the house.
The land was Talon’s home, had always been. To an outsider, the driveway from the road looked like any other entrance to a home in the country. If someone came onto the property, the long, winding drive would take you through a thickly wooded area before opening up to a large meadow. The home sat in the middle of the clearing, large and inviting. Talon loved sitting on the wrap around porch in the evenings, just as the sun set, listening to his pride settling in their cabins for the night. 
All of the pride had cabins of their own; mated couples had the biggest homes for all of their cubs and any future ones they might have. The single panthers lived off to one side of the main house, down a dirt road big enough for their vehicles to pass. There was also a one story building that had been transformed from a stable into a six bedroom cabin for the Guardians who had no desire to build their own homes yet. They preferred to wait until they found their mates. 
Finding a mate wasn’t always easy for their kind. When there was only one person in the world who was destined to be your true mate, most panthers ended up growing old alone, and that saddened Talon. A few couples had settled, choosing to be with someone who wasn’t their true mate. Usually, it was the elder members of his pride. The ones who’d grown older would meet another panther and strike up a relationship. They’d become comfortable, maybe even fall in love with each other, and then decided to live together as a mated pair. Talon didn’t fault them for that; he even approved their mating, because not every panther found their true mate. 
Talon had been alpha of this pride since his father had been killed in a car crash just over two years ago. Even with his advanced healing abilities, the accident had been fatal upon impact. His mother lived in one of the single cabins not far from Noah. She’d been perfectly happy to move out of the alpha’s home to give Talon the space he’d need to fulfill the job that had landed in his lap. He’d been preparing to take over the pride when he was older…much older. Most alphas were in their mid to late forties, not twenty six years old. Thankfully, his father had taken him under his wing and taught him everything he could. Talon felt like he knew what needed to be done.  He’d just turned twenty nine and had worked hard to gain the trust and respect of his pride.
“Mom?” Talon softly called out, a little nervous at what he was about to ask. If he could talk to anyone, it’d be her. He’d waited until all of the women had left, giving him some privacy with his mom.
“What is it, Talon?” she asked, sounding worried as she wiped her hands on a dishtowel.
“I’ve met a woman,” he admitted, feeling like a damn schoolboy. He was the alpha for fuck’s sake! He felt like the biggest idiot for running to his mom for advice. 
“Oh!” she squealed, then smiled bright as possible. His mother didn’t look like she was well into her sixties. Her hair was always styled in perfect curls, not a gray hair to be seen. Talon had inherited his dark hair from his mom. “Tell me about her.” 
“She’s human,” he said sadly, dropping his head into his hands. 
“And?” she asked, taking her hand and stroking his back softly, just the way a mother would. 
“Is that all you have to say?” he asked, holding back a growl of frustration.
“There’s nothing wrong with mating a human,” she said, and giggled, looking like a younger version of herself. “Your aunt Georgia was human.”
“What?” Talon snapped to attention, his eyes popping wide. That was news to him. No one had ever said anything about having a human mated to his uncle on his father’s side.
“Son,” she sighed, placing a calming hand on his forearm. They were both leaning against the counter in the kitchen. “There is no rule that says we can’t mate with humans. Up until our discovery, it was just important to keep our secret. The only rule is that if you want to have young, you have to change her.”
“Changing a human is risky.” Most panthers were born. There were a few who were turned, but it was very painful and dangerous. There was a fair chance that the human’s body wouldn’t handle the transformation. Most panthers stuck to their own kind anyways.
“If she is a strong woman,” his mom smiled up at him, “she’ll be fine.”
“But, I was told that humans couldn’t handle us when we…um, mate,” he blushed, his voice thick with embarrassment. 
“I’m sure you can figure that one out on your own,” she chuckled. “Now, tell me about her.”
He filled her in on everything he knew about Liberty, which wasn’t very much. He even told his mother about his panther claiming her with a heated kiss in the bar and how she totally brushed him off.
“She asked me if panthers dated!” He snorted. “I don’t even know what the hell she’s talking about.”
“Boy, you are as stubborn as your father,” she scolded. “Women want to be courted…romanced. Ask that poor girl out on a date. Take her to dinner, buy her flowers. Do something to show her you care.”
“Dinner?” he said, shaking his head with a laugh. “Flowers?”
“Yes, Talon.” She smiled, pulling his shirt so he’d lean in closer. She kissed his cheek and patted his hand. “Make your plan and let me know if you need any help with your tie. I’m going home.”
“Tie?” he whispered, watching his mother walk out the back door. What the hell?

Chapter Five


The night turned into day entirely too soon. Talon woke by seven and hurried outside to help the men cut firewood for the coming winter. With eighteen cabins and the alpha’s home, they would be working all day and into the following week. This would keep his mind busy and his panther from demanding he go and claim the human female for himself. 
If it was only that easy.
Winter had already checked in, saying that there’d been no problems at Liberty’s property. Whoever that panther was that had been hanging around her house, he hoped it was just passing through, but his instincts told him not to be so quick to dismiss this odd sighting of another shifter… especially one that didn’t belong. He’d sent Winter home to sleep so he could take up his patrol after dark, and keep an eye on Liberty’s property.
There was one thing he’d done before he had slipped outside to work. The smile on his face was hard not to notice. His pride watched him cautiously out of the corner of their eyes, never asking what had him in such a good mood.
Talon stopped occasionally to see if there were any missed calls or texts on his phone. Even though he found none, he was sure he’d hear from Liberty soon. 
Grabbing the ax, he tightened his muscles as he swung the tool over his head, striking the center of the log he was currently splitting in half. The wood cracked, sending the two pieces in different directions. Leaning over, he grabbed another piece to continue his physical form of stress relief. He only stopped when one of the male’s mates forced him to eat the lunch she had provided. 
As darkness fell, he’d almost given up on the idea that she’d accept his invitation. Sending flowers to the bar on a Sunday had cost him a fortune, but he didn’t care. He’d made a very comfortable living with his two businesses. That was how he was able to keep his pride thriving. His Guardians ran the day to day aspects of his companies, leaving him to his main job of caring for his people.
A chime from his phone had him scrambling to remove it from his front pocket. His hands shook as he looked at the screen, then the biggest smile graced his face. Her reply was simple.
Yes.
What in the hell was he going to wear? How the hell did you date a beautiful woman? Panthers didn’t date. When the mating instincts hit, you mated. Plain and simple. 

I’ll pick you up at six tomorrow night. 

He’d never admit it, but Talon had actually used the internet to find ideas for dates and he’d decided on something simple for their first one. Dinner out at the nice steakhouse in town. It wasn’t much, but it was a date. 

Are you at the bar?

He was an alpha. Why was he so damn nervous about seeing her? 

Yes, are you going to stop by?

A teenage thrill ran through him when she replied.

I’ll be there shortly.

He was already stripping off his dirty clothes, rushing into the bathroom to turn on the shower. It took him less than twenty minutes to get cleaned up and head for his truck. His brother, Noah, was sitting on the couch in the living room, eating a plate of food. Why in the hell was his brother not at his own place?
“Where’re you off to, big brother?” Noah smirked.
“Why the hell are you eating my food?” Talon growled. “Don’t you have your own place?”
“You have better channels on your cable service,” he chuckled. “Off to see Liberty?”
“Yes,” he answered. 
“Have fun.” Noah waved, turning back to his plate and a show about zombies. 
Talon left without any teasing from his brother. It didn’t matter that he was the alpha, Noah still treated him like any little brother would treat his older sibling. His Guardians were respectful because Talon was their leader. Noah? Not so much. They’d shared a room as kids and Noah liked to remind him about his awkward teenage years entirely too much. Brothers! 
It was well after seven when he entered the bar. A few heads turned in his direction, but he didn’t acknowledge any of them. His only goal was finding Liberty. Noticing his usual table was full of young men who worked at a local factory, he decided to step up to the bar and order a beer.
“What can I get you, Talon?” Cole, one of the two bartenders, asked. 
“Just a beer,” Talon replied, glancing over his shoulder. His panther purred deep in his chest when he saw her walking out of the kitchen, a tray of food in her hands. She stopped dead in her tracks when she saw him, a slight blush dusted the tops of her cheekbones. Their connection was broken when she looked away and headed for the table he usually occupied on the weekends with his Guardians.
Talon accepted his drink, sliding his money over. He’d just taken his first swig as he felt her approach. Her scent washed over him and he had to forcefully push his panther back from demanding he claim her in front of everyone.
“Hey,” she greeted, taking the stool to his right.
“Hey,” he echoed, then smiled.
“Thank you for the flowers,” she said, blushing. “They’re lovely.”
The lady at the flower shop had done an amazing job. He’d asked for something that a man would send a woman he wanted to date. She’d picked out a large bouquet of wildflowers with a handful of pink roses thrown in for good measure.
“You’re very welcome,” he answered. 
“Are you hungry?” she asked, fingering the end of her shirt. She looked as nervous as he felt. Her question also left him wanting to answer honestly. If I told her I was hungry for her, she’d run away screaming.
“Yes,” he purred, his eyes tracing her lips. His cock hardened painfully when her cute, pink tongue snaked out and moistened her bottom lip. 
“What can I get for you?” she breathed, their eyes locked together. She had to be feeling the mating pull they had for each other. Her eyes had turned a little glassy, and if someone would’ve yelled that the building was on fire, Talon didn’t think either one of them would’ve heard a word of it.
“I don’t know,” he whispered. “Tell me what you have that is the most delicious thing in the place.” He’d wanted to hear her say that she was the most delicious item, but he didn’t think she would. This heated flirting between the two of them caused Talon to lean closer, but not so close that it would break their connection or frighten her.
“How about I surprise you?” she asked, her eyes tracing every inch of his face, and didn’t that make him feel like the luckiest son of a bitch on the planet. 
“I look forward to whatever you have to offer, Liberty,” he teased, taking a chance by reaching out to take her hand into his. When he kissed the backs of her knuckles, he suppressed the urge to lick her hand, just to commit her taste to his memory.
“You smell so good,” she moaned, leaning closer. Before he could reply, she snapped her head up, gasping in embarrassment. “I’m sorry. I...I didn’t mean…um.”
“Mating scent,” he whispered, knowing she’d heard him.
“I’ll get you some food,” she said, hurrying off the barstool and heading for the kitchen. 
He didn’t know how the hell he was supposed to have a human mate. The fact that his mother had told him it was possible made him feel a little more at ease. 
But what would the pride think? Would they accept a human female? He knew his Guardians already knew and actually liked Liberty, but none of his other panthers had met her. Maybe he should take her to meet them?
He was torn. His pride came first. Maybe he should just leave, forget about this urge to claim her.
“Yeah, right,” he snorted, draining the rest of his beer. His panther wouldn’t let him off that easily.
A soft breeze filtered through the room as the door to the bar opened. Talon’s panther stiffened as a scent registered in his mind. The scent was familiar. It was the same scent that had lingered on Liberty’s property.
A female gasped as Talon rushed toward the front of the bar, exiting the building at superhuman speed. His nostrils flared as he tested the air, trying to follow the scent of the unknown panther. Gravel crunched under his black boots as he slowly searched one side of the building, the scent was missing from that area. Just as he turned around, Liberty rushed out the door, a look of panic on her face.
“Talon?” she called out.
“Get inside,” he ordered. He knew the moment she had noticed that his eyes had changed and his canines were sticking out of his mouth, because she backed into the building slowly, pulling the door closed behind her.
Talon kept his senses on high alert as he prowled around the building. The scent ended at the road, but he was sure he would’ve heard a car leaving the area in a hurry. Plus, the panther wouldn’t have had time to get into the vehicle, start it, and then drive away by the time Talon had reached the door. Talon was certain that the panther wasn’t working alone. 
Once he went back into the bar, he found Liberty sitting on a barstool, facing the front door. She stood as soon as he walked in, and rushed to his side. “What happened?”
“The panther that was on your property was here,” he growled. “He’s gone now.”
“Should I be worried?” she asked, a shiver rolling up her spine. Talon wrapped his arm around her shoulders and walked her back to his original seat. He didn’t want to upset her, but he didn’t want her to be unaware of the dangers this rogue cat could cause. 
“No,” he replied. “Because I will have Guardians here to keep you safe when I am unable to do it myself.” It was a promise he intended to keep.
“Talon, I don’t need…” she started, but he silenced her with a hard glare. 
“You will have them here,” he whispered harshly, letting his alpha powers out. He knew when his mating scent hit her, because Liberty’s eyes softened and she relaxed in his arms. “No arguing.”
“Okay,” she nodded. “Let me go get your food.”
He waited until she was out of sight before he pulled out his phone and made a call.
“Winter, the rogue was here at the bar,” he barked. “I want a security detail on this place immediately.”
“On it, boss,” his second in command replied.




Liberty tried to get ahold of her emotions and her damn hormones as she stood off to the side of the kitchen door. There was something about Talon that kept her wanting him to just reach out and touch her; and not just a simple touch, but the kind of touch that curls the toes. 
Every time she got close enough to smell his wildness and feel the warmth coming from his skin, she wanted to crawl up into his lap and rub herself against him as if she were a panther. The wetness between her legs was evidence enough that she wanted him.
When he’d sent the flowers over, she’d read the card and smiled. What he’d said was simple.
Go on a date with me? Text or call me and tell me, but don’t make me wait too long.
She didn’t want to seem overly eager, so she waited for several hours, trying to ignore the card and the hot, sexy shifter who wanted to be her mate.
Liberty was still embarrassed that she’d snuck in her sister’s room after Nova had left and borrowed one of her silly romance books. She felt she had to do some research, and boy did she ever get schooled on the subject of alpha males who shifted into animals. The first hour that she’d skimmed through the book, she had laughed hysterically, but then the author’s words started to hit very close to home. 
A shifter was ruled by not only his human side, but his animal side as well. There was a constant fight of wills between the two. The human side of the shifter knew how to fit in with society. The animal side only lived by what was ingrained in them by way of their nature; hunt, sleep, mate. Whoever that author was, they must’ve had some inside information as to these shifters, because Liberty had seen Talon Shaw with every word written in that book. 
She understood a little better why he’d kissed her. The urge to claim a mate was predatory…part of his animal nature. At least he was trying to do things her way, or at least the way she’d suggested. She’d suggested a date and he’d asked in the most romantic way possible. What girl would say no to flowers and a man that looked like Talon?
“Dinner’s up,” Moe snickered, hauling three plates onto the counter. One was a triple cheeseburger with everything, the second plate held three grilled chicken breasts, and the third had a steak that fell over the sides of the plate. Oh, and a small basket of fries. 
She was still smiling as she walked out to hand Talon his monstrous amount of food. She’d seen him put away twice as much, so this didn’t surprise her. As she flitted around the bar, checking on customers and helping Mary Grace with tables, she realized that she should’ve doubled that order.
When he moaned at the first bite of chicken, she felt her insides liquefy and heat radiate in the pit of her stomach. 
“Thank you,” he said politely after he’d wiped the corner of his mouth. The moment Talon used his tongue to swipe across his bottom lip, she felt her knees buckle. Before she could crumble to the ground, he was there to pull her up by the elbow. “Are you okay?”
“Fine,” she lied. “Just lost my balance.” With a knowing smile, Talon resumed eating, ignoring the sideways glances of her patrons.
Voices alerted her to a group of girls entering the bar. They looked barely old enough to be drinking, if that. One was tall with long blonde hair, her eyes were ice blue. The other had dark brown hair, cut into cute pixie. Her eyes were also ice blue. Liberty immediately knew that they were part of Talon’s pride.
With them were two boys who’d been stars of the football team in town several years back. They were brothers, and she knew them. They’d been good kids, but the girls were new faces and they didn’t even look old enough to drink. 
Before she could go check their identification, a rumbling growl came from Talon’s chest. Liberty glanced in his direction and watched as his eyes narrowed on the group.
“Let me handle this.” He cursed, setting his napkin by his plate and standing up to his full height. It only took him two steps before the girls saw him approaching. Liberty couldn’t see his face from where she was standing, but she could see the fear radiating from the two girls.
Talon talked in hush tones, the two girls nodding at his every word. The blonde one blushed with her embarrassment, but the other girl stood there with her shoulders back and her eyes cast up to look at Talon. Hell, Talon towered over everyone. She felt sorry for the girls, but it was obvious they were a part of his pride, and they’d shown up at a bar with two human boys who were barely old enough to drink.
It didn’t take long before Talon pointed to the door, dismissing the group from the bar. The two girls took off like their asses were on fire, leaving the two boys behind to get what was obviously an ass chewing from the local alpha.
After the boys left, Talon returned to his barstool, releasing a deep breath before sitting down and picking up his hamburger.
“They are not old enough to be in here,” he stated, taking another bite of his food.
“The boys just turned twenty-one,” she retorted. “Were those girls part of your pride?”
“Yes,” he huffed. “They are only eighteen.”
“Well,” she laughed. “You saved me from jail time and the loss of my liquor license. Thank you.”
“Anytime,” he said, a smile appeared at the corner of his mouth. God, she wanted to bite his lip. He did things to her mind and body just by entering the room.
Liberty mumbled a quick goodbye and hurried back to the kitchen. Moe was just setting another order in the window. “That man get enough grub?” Moe asked, grinning.
“I think so,” she said, before taking a tray from the stack to her left. 
She made her rounds, refilling drinks and picking up some plates that had been left on an empty table. It wasn’t long before Nova came rushing in, pulling her hair up into a messy ponytail. She held up a finger, indicating that she’d be back to take over.
The heavy sound of a pair of boots coming in the door had Liberty tensing. When she turned around, Sheriff Garrett Lynch stood at the entrance, his eyes zeroing in on Talon sitting at the bar.
“Hey, Sheriff,” Liberty announced, grabbing a menu. “Just you tonight?”
“Yes,” he said with a smile. It didn’t go unnoticed how his eyes warmed as he looked at her. She’d been friends with him for years, but that was all she was ever interested in. The sheriff had other wishes.
He was just over six feet tall, and well built. He was older than Liberty by a couple of years, but he looked to be much older. He wore his uniform with pride and had helped her family keep an eye on the bar after her father had died. They’d had to shut down for a few months before the transfer of title had been completed. She was grateful for all of his help, but that didn’t mean she would marry him and start having his babies. 
“I’ll grab you some tea,” she said, placing the menu on the table. Before she could turn away, a heavy hand landed on her wrist.
“Libby,” he growled, low and without warning. 
Liberty hissed, not from his use of the nickname she hated, but from the feeling she got from his hand touching her wrist. The skin on her arm crawled and her stomach flipped. Snatching it back, she held it to her chest and rubbed it vigorously.
“Garrett,” she warned. 
“Is the pride giving you problems?” he asked snidely, his eyes cutting toward Talon. She didn’t miss the way he emphasized the word pride, the jerk. When she looked over her shoulder, Talon had turned around on his barstool. He was glaring at her and the sheriff. She tried to give him a pleading look, but his features didn’t change. When his eyes moved to where she still held her wrist to her chest, his eyes sparked amber and he started to stand. She shook her head slightly, hoping and praying he got the hint and didn’t come over to investigate.
“No, they are not,” she replied. “I’ve already made an announcement in here once, and I sure as hell don’t want to have to do it again. They are welcome here and as far as I’m concerned, this is neutral territory. There will be no problems in my bar.”
“Good,” he nodded. “Glad you have that under control.” Even though he said it to appease her, Liberty was sure he was being a bit sarcastic. 
“Hey, sis,” Nova interrupted. “I’ll take care of this so you can get on out of here. Ms. Beatrice is waiting for you.” Liberty started to ask what she was talking about. She didn’t need to go over to her neighbor’s house, but Nova threw her a wink and nudged her out of the way. She really owed her sister for that little move.
Nova would probably cash in that favor before the week was out. 
God, she had to get out of that bar. Maybe if she hid in her office for an hour, the sheriff would leave and she’d be able to head home without him asking questions or being a genuine pain in her ass. Oh, he meant well, but even as he was a fair man, he still thought there was a chance between them. There never was and there wouldn’t ever be a chance. He wasn’t her type.
A knock on her office door had Liberty groaning, afraid to open it to see who was standing on the other side. Setting the letter opener aside, she stood up and walked to the door, pulling it open to find Talon towering over her. His body was so large that he took up the entire space of the door frame…and then some.
“Shut the door,” he ordered, eliciting a shocked response from Liberty.
“What?” she asked, confused at the look on his face.
“You never open a door without knowing who is on the other side,” he stated. “Now…close the door, Liberty.”
She smirked at him and slammed the door in his face, only to hear two quick raps on the wooden frame.
“Um, who is it?” she sang out.
“It’s Talon,” he replied. “May I speak with you?”
She cracked the door to see him standing in the same position he’d been in only a few seconds ago. The thought of letting him into her office sent a thrill and about a million dirty thoughts through her mind. Clearing her throat, she stepped aside and drew her arm out to the side in a silent invitation to enter the room.
“What did you want to talk about?” she asked.
“Our date,” he said, his voice rumbling with its deep richness. She had to fight to keep from closing her eyes in bliss just from the sound. 
“Is that all?” she asked with a smile. She remembered the flower delivery and grinned some more.
“No,” he said, apparently not a man of many words.
“And?” she pushed.
“Is the sheriff your mate?” he asked, frowning.
“Hell, no,” she bit out. “Never.”
“Good,” he replied, his tone completely changing. “May I see your hand?”
“Why?” she asked, narrowing her eyes. In fact, her hand still tingled with the creepy-crawly feeling and she found herself rubbing it against the material of her jeans.
“Does it burn?” he asked, almost in a whisper. When she looked up into his eyes, they’d turned amber again and she found it fascinating. It wasn’t like anything she’d ever seen before. His ice blue eyes were still that color, but parts of the blue were now amber and they seemed to glow. The amber parts were just little pin pricks of color.
“It feels weird,” she admitted. When he held out his hand, she automatically raised hers for him to take into his warm grasp. The moment his fingers came in contact with her wrist that was now a little pink from her rubbing it, the feeling diminished. Her eyes shot up to his and then she saw it…his canines had descended. “Talon?”
“I could kill him for touching you,” he hissed, still caressing her wrist. “In my world, a male doesn’t touch someone else’s mate…ever.”
“Why?” she asked breathlessly. He continued to stare at her wrist, not into her eyes. 
“When our kind finds their mate,” he began, raising his eyes to meet hers. “If an unmated male touches her, it will cause the female pain. I don’t know why this is. It has been said that it was nature’s way of protecting the mates. They are precious to the males.”
“But we are not mated,” she whispered, watching his eyes return to their natural color. When his canines receded, she felt like asking him if he could make them reappear. It was incredible to her how these people changed into an animal; and seeing his body transform, even slightly, interested her. She thought back to the book of Nova’s, and shook her head to keep from going all glassy-eyed remembering one of the intimate scenes she’d read before coming to work. 
“Not yet.” He sighed. “If you are touched by a male and it is unbearable, I need you to tell me. It’s very important that you have my touch to heal you.”
“Even if the man has no intentions to mate me?” She snorted. “So I’ll never be able to touch a man again? What about here at the bar? What if someone grabs me?”
“No man should ever grab a woman,” he roared. “And if a man ever grabs you, I want to know his name.”
“You can’t go around killing men for touching me,” she said, looking down at her wrist, seeing how the skin had returned to its normal color. The icky feeling had disappeared. How weird was that? 
Instead of a reply, Talon growled and turned for the door. “Winter and his men have been at your home since nightfall. If you need anything, call me, or just yell for Winter. We have excellent hearing.” The door closed and she was left staring at the door.
With Talon gone from the room, she felt more alone than she ever had before. His presence didn’t linger, and she immediately wished he’d stayed.
The thought of this mate stuff didn’t bother her as much as it should, and that scared the hell out of her.


Chapter Six


“I’ll pick you up at six,” Talon said as soon as she picked up the phone. Liberty had just finished the lunch shift on Wednesday afternoon. It’d been two days since she’d seen him. With the government breathing down his throat for answers about his kind, Talon had been at City Hall for hours every day, answering questions. They’d spoken on the phone for a few minutes at night before he had to go take care of things for his pride. He sounded so tired, and Liberty shook her head as she leaned back in her office chair.
“You must be tired, Talon,” she said. “We don’t have to do this tonight.”
“Yes,” he growled, the vibration of his vocal cords could be heard clearly through the line. Liberty had to clench her knees together from the sound. It heated her core anytime he did that. Maybe it was a mating thing? “We are having this date. You are off work tonight and I’m in the mood for a big…juicy…steak.”
“Okay,” she giggled as a warmth washed over her at his sexy talk. “I’ll be at the house.”
“No problems today?” he asked, just like he’d asked every time they’d spoken this week. Whoever the shifter was that had been on her property was long gone, but Talon refused to pull the security detail he had watching her house around the clock. 
“None,” she replied. “The guys did a great job last night, just like they’ve done every night.”
“By the way, my Guardians are there to do a job, not to have home cooked meals made for them,” he scolded.
“Well,” she chuckled. “I can’t just ignore them. It’s getting colder outside at night and they are there so much.”
“They are panthers, Liberty,” he sighed. “They don’t get cold.”
“But,” she began, then paused when someone knocked on the door. “Hold on.”
Luke, her bartender, stuck his head in the door, rattling off several names of liquors they needed to reorder. She made a quick note of them and brought the phone back up to her ear.
“Anyway,” she continued, “If they are hungry, I will feed them. And there is nothing you can do about it.”
“Don’t spoil them,” he warned. 
“I won’t,” she lied, knowing good and well that she would keep feeding the Guardians. Besides, Winter really liked her fried chicken. “Now, let me head home so I can get ready for our date.”
“Be careful,” he replied.
“See you at six,” she said, ending the phone call before she begged him to come over and eat her for dinner.
It was well after three when she arrived home. A panther she recognized as Dane, because he had an old injury to his left ear, walked the perimeter of her yard just beyond the trees. She chuckled when he stopped and tilted his head to the side, possibly wondering why she was home from the bar so early in the day. She gave him a thumbs up and unlocked the door to the house.
She busied herself with a few loads of laundry and a quick clean of her bedroom and bathroom. After folding clothes, she ran the hottest bath known to man in her old claw foot tub, sinking down slowly into the almost neck deep water. Starting with her shoulders, she lathered up her pink sponge with the bar of almond and oatmeal soap Ms. Beatrice had brought to her a few weeks ago. She loved the smell and feel it left on her skin. A little voice in the back of her mind wondered if Talon would like the way it smelled, too.
It was six on the dot when there was a knock on the door. Liberty quickly stood from her chair at the table and walked slowly to the front door. She ran her hands down the front of her black dress, straightening the hem just above her knees. Each step closer to the door sent her heart fluttering with nervousness. When her hand closed around the knob, she heard a slight rumble coming from Talon. It was that strange purring sound he made whenever she was close.
As soon as the door opened, she sucked in a breath. He was standing there in black dress pants and a sexy blue button down dress shirt that matched his eyes. He wore a slim black tie and she had to plant her feet to the ground to keep from jumping him there on the spot.
“You’re beautiful,” he said, holding out his hand. The moment their fingers touched, Talon pulled her tightly against his chest, his lips crashing down on hers. The kiss ended as quickly as it had begun, and Liberty would’ve asked that he just come in and forget the date, but this was important…to both of them. 
“You clean up nice yourself, big guy,” she winked, reaching behind the door for her purse.
“I should blister your ass for answering the door without asking who was on the other side,” he stated.
“I knew it was you,” she teased, ignoring his threat. “I could hear you purring from the hallway.”
“Are you ready?” he asked, not replying to her comment.
“Yes,” she smirked, closing the door behind her.
His truck was parked next to the house and she frowned at her feet when she realized she’d have to walk through the grass to get to the passenger side. She didn’t have to worry for long because Talon scooped her up into his arms and marched forward as if he’d done it a hundred times before.
“I can’t keep my hands off of you,” he purred. He stopped halfway to the truck and pressed his lips to hers. Liberty let out a moan as he devoured her mouth.
“Let’s go eat,” he whispered after he’d pulled away. 
“Yes, let’s eat,” she blushed, her voice sounding huskier than it should. 
The interior of his truck smelled just like him; it had a wild, woodsy scent that she found calming. She wasn’t sure if it was his mating scent or if it was Talon himself. As she watched him walk around the front of the truck, she tried to calm her breathing as best as she could. This man…this panther set her body on fire anytime he was near. 
“Are you ready?” he smiled, turning the key over. The engine roared to life and she felt the vibrations through the seat. 
“I’m ready,” she replied, realizing that her statement meant more than what he was asking. He reached over and took her hand, stroking the back of her knuckles. Liberty shivered and squeezed his hand as he pulled out of her driveway. 
It took twenty minutes to get to the steakhouse in town. The parking lot was only half filled when they arrived. She noticed how he parked up against the building and actually backed his truck into the closest spot to the door. She didn’t say anything to him, but she had a feeling it was for his own peace of mind.
He held the door open for her as they entered the dimly lit establishment. Several people stared, but Talon merely placed a warm hand on her lower back and ushered her toward the awaiting hostess.
“Mr. Shaw,” the lady greeted. “Your table is ready. Please follow me.”
She noticed how the woman’s eyes traveled up his body slowly, and for some reason, Liberty wanted to claw those eyes from the little blonde’s head, but she refrained from doing so. It probably wouldn’t look good on him or his pride. 
She had to keep reminding herself that Talon had asked her on this date. Well, that wasn’t true. Liberty had almost demanded a date when he’d claimed her in the bar.
A waiter appeared as soon as they were seated. He was about Liberty’s age, and asked for their drink order. Talon ordered a bottle of wine and sat back in his seat. 
They’d been escorted to a little alcove in the back of the restaurant. There were three other areas just like that one and she was happy for the privacy. The walk through the peanut gallery was stressful enough.
“I get looks everywhere I go,” Talon said, clearing his throat. “Don’t let them get to you.”
“It’s rude,” she replied.
“It’s the way of my world.” He frowned. “This night is for us to get to know each other better. For you to get to know me. Ignore everyone else.”
“What about you getting to know me?” she questioned.
“My panther has already claimed you.” He chuckled when she scowled. “I’m sorry. If you could understand my people, you wouldn’t have to ask that. It’s our nature. Our animals rule us. There is only one true mate for a panther. When we find our mate, Liberty…it’s for life.”
“That’s what I’ve heard,” she said, but quickly looked at her lap, realizing she’d just spoken about something from that book of Nova’s.
“Who have you been talking to about us?” he growled, leaning forward.
“No one,” she backpedaled, holding up her hands in defense. “It’s Nova…well, it’s one of her books.”
“Book?” he asked, his head tilting slightly.
“This is embarrassing,” she mumbled.
“Tell me,” he encouraged her, reaching out to take her hand.
“Well, my sister reads these paranormal romance books,” she started, then shrugged. “She kept telling me about what her books had said about shifters. I…I know it’s fiction, but I wondered.”
“If it was true?” he asked, continuing on her nod. “Well, is it?”
“I’m not sure,” she mumbled, feeling heat creep up her cheeks. 
“Ask me something,” he urged.
She looked around the dining area and noticed that no one was staring and that they were pretty much alone. Other patrons were far enough away, so whatever she had to say wouldn’t be overheard.
“Is the urge to claim me incredibly strong?” She scrunched her nose, remembering the words in the book. The male character’s overwhelming need to claim his mate was so well described that Liberty’s chest hurt from reading about his need to mark her.
“Yes,” he breathed out.
“Does your animal compete with your human side?” she asked.
“More than you could ever understand,” he sighed, but smiled warmly. “Since I was born a panther, it’s easier to live with the constant battle. The ones who have been turned have a harder time adjusting.”
“Are they dangerous?” she asked, her questions continuing. This was the most he’d ever really spoken about himself and his people. She liked that he trusted her enough to share the secrets of his kind. 
“Newly turned shifters do have to be watched until they are able to control their animal,” he whispered, casting his eyes around the restaurant to make sure no one was eavesdropping. “If they don’t, they will go rogue. Rogues have to be put down.”
“Oh,” she gasped.
“I wouldn’t let anything happen to you,” he promised, but seemed to catch himself. “That is, if you decide…” 
“Does it hurt?” she interrupted. “When you shift?”
“The first time…yes,” he answered. “After that, you learn to embrace the change. It’s part of who I am…who my people are, Liberty. Shifting is as normal as breathing for us.”
“Will I have to become…you know?” she swallowed, feeling her hands starting to tremble.
“Only if we want to have children,” he told her, looking a little uncomfortable. “But that is not something we need to talk about now.”
“Okay,” she said, releasing his hand as soon as the waiter returned with the wine.
“What is it like?  Having another being inside you?” She frowned.  “Am I asking that right?”
“Yes,” he smiled.  “For those that are changed, it takes some time to find a balance. Your panther is always fighting to be let free.  Most newly turned panthers have to be watched until they can control their tempers. It can be quite frustrating at times.”
“Do you know who I am when you are in your panther form?” she asked, the questions seemed to be spilling from her mouth.  It wasn’t very often that Talon spoke about his kind to her.  So, if she was being honest, she wanted to get all the answers she could while he was in the mood to talk.
“Yes, we recognize and understand you,” he said. 
Liberty bit her lip and let those answers soak in. She watched him as he took a drink from his glass.  He looked human, but there was an undertone of something wild there…something special. Maybe it was his eyes?  The icy blue color gave his kind away.  She had never seen anyone else with the kind of blue eyes the panthers had. It was indescribable in its intensity.
“What can I get for you?” the waiter asked, turning toward Liberty.
She ordered a steak and a salad. The waiter turned toward Talon and asked the same question.
“I’ll have three porterhouses, medium rare, three baked potatoes, and can I have three orders of grilled shrimp on the side?” The waiter jotted down the request and took their menus, not commenting on his order. Liberty had already seen his appetite before, so it wasn’t a shock anymore. 
“How are things at City Hall?” she asked, wanting to talk about anything. She hated awkward silence when on a date. 
“They have all the information they need,” he grunted. “There were doctors there yesterday. I refuse to let my pride become a science experiment.”
“That’s awful,” she complained. “Please be careful.”
“I don’t know who I can trust anymore,” he admitted. “I think I will just take it slow. Only answering what I want them to know. We are not freaks, and we don’t want to take over the world. We are happier being left alone.”
“Are you worried about the safety of your people?” she asked, reaching over to take his hand. It was such an automatic response and it felt…right.
“We are stronger than humans,” he acknowledged, keeping his voice low. “We would never hurt anyone, but we are also very protective of our families. I would have a hard time controlling the males if one of their mates were harmed.”
“I understand.” She smiled at him. 
“Tell me about your family,” he said, taking a sip of his wine.
“My dad died a few years ago,” she began, trying to keep from crying at the thought of her dad. “I took over the bar from him.”
“I remember your father,” he told her. “He was an honest and fair man.”
“Thank you,” she sighed, looking down at her lap. “I miss him terribly.”
“I’m sorry,” he said softly, stroking the back of her hand. He frequently did that and Liberty liked it, a lot. She wanted to moan from the warmth of his fingertips, but she just clenched her thighs together and kept talking.
“My mom died in a car accident with her parents. My father’s parents died when I was a baby. It’s just Nova and myself now.” Liberty was proud of herself for reciting all of the tragedies that had happened in her life without breaking down. There were days where she would be angry at the loss of so many loved ones, wondering why it happened all so fast.  There were other days when she sucked it up and kept moving forward.  She wasn’t one to dwell on the past or what could have been.  
“You have the pride,” he whispered, pulling her hand to his lips. The moment they made contact with her skin, Liberty closed her eyes and just absorbed the feel of it. She was really starting to like this guy. “Don’t think I forgot about our debt to you for stopping Terry that night in the bar.”
“Oh, that,” she chuckled. “I’ve had to kick out some scary people in the past couple years. Terry is no danger.”
“It goes against everything I’ve ever been taught to see a woman have to defend herself,” he admitted.
“You’re very protective,” she observed, looking up into his icy blue gaze. 
“Very,” he winked.
The waiter arrived with their meal. Another waiter followed behind with three more plates for Talon. They sat his food down without a second glance, and Liberty thought it was odd. Even at the bar, everyone still watched the pride eat almost in awe at how much food they could consume in one sitting. 
“Ouch,” Liberty jumped, feeling pain in the tips of her fingers. The second waiter had grazed her hand as he was setting her plate down. Talon immediately reached out and took her hand into his, pulling her fingers against his chest.
“It’s okay. I’ve got you,” he cooed.
“I’m so sorry, ma’am, Alpha,” the young man said, his face red from embarrassment. 
“No worries,” Talon told him, never taking his eyes off of Liberty. 
Liberty looked up at the young man, and then she saw it. The waiter had icy blue eyes just like the alpha in front of her. “He’s one of yours?”
“Yes,” Talon replied, continuing to stroke her hand. She worried for a moment that he would punish the young man, but Talon didn’t even growl in the younger man’s direction. He was more preoccupied with touching her.
In fact, his touch consumed her. The pain had been like several needles piercing her skin, but as soon as Talon had made contact with her skin, the feeling subsided, leaving warmth behind.
“All better?” he asked, raising the tips of her fingers to his lips. He placed a soft kiss on them before placing her hand back on the tabletop. 
“Thank you,” she mumbled as she blushed. The moment was short lived, but the connection between them only seemed to grow. She could see herself falling for this man…and falling hard.
 


Talon took Liberty’s hand as they left the steakhouse. Her tiny fingers were engulfed by his and that alone made him feel strong and virile, knowing that he could protect his mate. And she was his mate. He just needed to convince her.
As soon as they reached the truck, Talon pinned her back to the door, reaching up to cup her face with his hands. His lips pressed to hers almost in desperation. His body warmed, his panther purred in his mind, and his soul felt alive. His tongue traced her bottom lip, gently pleading with Liberty to open up for him. The moment she did, he purred low in his throat and deepened the kiss.
“You are mine, Liberty Raines,” he growled, nipping at her lip once more before releasing her. The softness of her body called him back, and he didn’t give her a chance to reply before he kissed her yet again. “Mine!”
A vibration between their bodies made them separate. Liberty groaned when she fished her phone out of her purse. She quickly answered it with an exaggerated sigh.
“Hello?”
Talon watched her face fall as she listened to her sister’s panicked voice. Talon didn’t need to ask what was being said because with his enhanced hearing, he already knew that something bad was going down at the bar.
“Terry is back and he’s causing trouble,” Nova yelled into the phone. “He’s refusing to leave until he talks to you.”
“Call the sheriff,” Liberty ordered. “I’ll be there in fifteen.” 
Talon had already pulled her around the truck, opening the door as soon as she hung up the phone. “Get in.”
“Did you hear that?” she asked.
“Yes,” he growled. That human male had a problem with alcohol and he was cutting into Talon’s time with Liberty. If he wasn’t under such a microscope, he’d take the human out back of the bar and beat him senseless.
By the time they reached the bar, Sheriff Lynch was already there, along with two other officers. Terry was being led out of the bar in handcuffs. As soon as he saw Liberty, he started yelling at her.
“Where the hell have you been?” Terry slurred. “I’ve been looking for you everywhere!”
“What the hell is going on, Terry?” she asked, irritation strong in her voice. When Terry lunged toward her, Talon pulled her body behind his for protection. The officer who had Terry by the arm jerked him back, giving a shout of warning at the man.
“Rumors are going around about him,” Terry sneered, jerking his head in Talon’s direction. “They rape and destroy their women, force them into marriage and make them have their kittens.”
“Watch yourself, human,” Talon warned, feeling his panther rising to the surface. “You know nothing.”
“Terry,” Liberty roared. The sound shocked Talon for a moment. Then his chest swelled with pride. His mate had a temper, and he like it. “Get out of here and don’t be coming around here anymore, spreading your bullshit.”
“Liberty?” Sheriff Lynch called out as he approached. “Are you okay?” 
A rumble of sound bubbled up from Talon’s throat the moment the man reached out for Liberty. She quickly saw that he was about to touch her, so she stepped closer to Talon’s side. That was exactly what she was supposed to do. As a female mate, it was instinctual to huddle close to their male when approached by an unmated male. It warned the other male that the female was mated and to touch her would be to cause her pain. No shifter male would ever want harm done to a female, human or shifter.
“I’m fine,” she said, smiling. Talon didn’t like the fact that she was smiling for another male, but he knew why she was doing it. She didn’t want to do anything that would cause trouble for his kind. 
“I’ll make sure Terry sleeps this off,” he explained. “We will get the judge to order him not to step foot on the property.”
“That would be nice. Thank you,” she said. “Just have the papers sent over, please.”
“Sure thing,” he replied, glancing once at Talon, but not saying anything else.
After the officers left, Liberty sighed again and turned to face Talon. “I’m so sorry for ruining our night.”
“You didn’t ruin it.” He smiled at her, reaching up to tuck a stray lock of hair behind her ear. 
“Let me go check on the bar, then we can get out of here,” she said, stepping away.
Once inside, Liberty found her sister drying glasses behind the bar. She spoke quietly to Nova, ignoring the looks of worry on the other patron’s faces.
Talon took a seat at the bar, accepting a beer from one of the bartenders. “It’s on the house,” Cole said, waving off the money Talon had in his hand. Instead of arguing, he stuck it in the tip jar to his left. 
He sensed a few of his Guardians as soon as they entered the building. Dane appeared surprised to see Talon, but didn’t say anything as he took a seat next to him at the bar.
“Boss.” Dane nodded towards Liberty. “I thought you were on a date?” His Guardian scanned the bar with his keen eyes. No one would ever believe that Dane had lost most of the hearing in his left ear from the time he’d been held in captivity. 
When Talon had rescued him, along with a few other panthers, Dane had been starved, his ear half eaten off from months of being forced to fight for a sick alpha who was money hungry. His panther had been mangled, and his human body still had scars from the ordeal. No amount of shifting could heal some of the deeper wounds he’d received as a young panther. It still bothered Talon that Dane refused to talk about those days.
He’d gotten better at living with the deafness, and had even bulked up to look like a true Guardian, but there was always a bit of uncertainty in his eyes whenever he entered a crowded room. He kept his dark blonde hair a bit longer so it covered the ear. He’d been through hell, but had bounced back and had become one of Talon’s strongest Guardians to date. The man still suffered, but Talon would do it all over again if it meant saving the man’s life.
“There was some trouble here,” he said, taking a sip of his beer. He kept one eye on Liberty as she moved around the bar, helping her sister. If he didn’t get her out of here soon, she’d end up working on her night off. 
“Human? Or one of ours?” Dane asked.
“Human,” Talon replied, not elaborating on the situation.
“Oh, okay,” Dane replied. 
“I’m going to take Liberty home,” Talon announced, chugging the rest of his beer. “Contact me if needed.”
Talon walked away, scanning the crowd for any trouble. Since the excitement from Terry’s outburst, the bar seemed to have returned to its normal atmosphere. Humans were laughing and enjoying themselves. A few were playing pool in the back and the waitresses were smiling as they worked. 
He found Liberty sitting at her desk, her face hidden in her hands. “Why don’t you let me take you home? It’s getting late.”
“Okay,” she yawned. “I’m sorry.”
“Don’t apologize,” he said. “I totally understand.” 
Taking her hand, Talon escorted Liberty out to the truck. He opened the door and helped her inside before closing her door and rounding the truck so he could take her home. 
There was no time for conversation as they approached her home. It only took them a few minutes to arrive, and when Talon looked over, he realized why she’d been so quiet. Liberty had fallen asleep with her head against the window.
He sat there for a moment and watched her sleep. Her long, brown hair fell delicately around her face. Her lips were pushed out in an adorable pout. He wanted to wake her up with his own lips pressed to hers, but he wouldn’t do that…not tonight. Tonight was for their date, and even though he wanted to take her to her room and worship her body, he would leave her at the door like a gentleman.
“Liberty,” he whispered, reaching out to take her hand. He smiled when she moaned and blinked her eyes, clearing out the sleep she’d fallen into on the short ride home.
“I didn’t mean to fall asleep,” she yawned.
“Let’s get you inside,” he said, exiting the truck. She waited until he opened the door for her before getting out. He picked her up again and refused to set her down until he had reached the door. 
“Thank you for tonight,” she said, smiling up at him. “I had a wonderful time.”
“So did I,” he replied, taking her face with one hand. He pressed his lips to hers and stepped back. “Good night.”
“Good night,” she echoed, unlocking the door.
“I’ll see you tomorrow,” he promised, watching her enter her home. “Lock the door.”
“Yes, sir,” she giggled, closing the door. He didn’t leave until he heard the click of the lock. 
Chapter Seven


When she pulled into the driveway, her car lights swung across the property, just as they had every night for the past week. The only difference was the fact that three pairs of glowing amber eyes stared out from the edge of the wooded area beside her house. It’d been Talon’s idea that the panthers keep an eye on her place. Well…it wasn’t so much an idea, more like an order. She really thought all of the security was overkill, but she didn’t argue with him when he puffed out his chest and pushed that power of his. 
She’d always loved this house, because it was surrounded by trees on all sides except the front. She could sit out on the back porch for days and watch the wildlife move around while she sipped coffee in the early morning hours.
The house was quiet as she climbed the steps to the front door. A small antique lamp cast a yellow glow down the small hallway by the door. Liberty had never been afraid of being out there alone. She knew her neighbors well and they all had a standing agreement to watch out for each other, only calling or stopping by when necessary.
Mittens meowed insistently to be let outside, so she cracked the door open and watched as the cat stretched lazily in the threshold. “Don’t stay out long.”
Liberty thumbed through the bills that Nova had tossed on the small kitchen table, stacking them neatly, then sorting them by which ones needed to be paid first. Thankfully, the bar was thriving since she’d taken over. There was a time when she didn’t think she’d be able to run the place and keep herself afloat. She wasn’t making a killing on the business, but she wasn’t hurting, either. 
A strange sound pulled Liberty out of her thoughts. It sounded like…mewling? She quickly hurried to the window in the downstairs spare bedroom, drawing the blinds so she could look out into the yard. 
A large panther was growling and walking backwards while two more were standing off to the side. The panther that was retreating leaned forward and nudged Mittens with his nose, his big teeth flashing right near the cat’s neck.
“Oh no you don’t!” she yelled, storming out the front door. When she rounded the corner, all three cats froze. “Mittens!”
The little calico ignored her and continued to walk toward the larger cat. The panther’s eyes had never left Liberty’s, and she chuckled when she looked down and saw her little cat rubbing herself on the panther’s front legs.
“She likes you,” Liberty announced, walking slowly toward the black cats. The two not involved backed away slowly, sinking just inside the tree line. She had a moment of panic, wondering how much of their human persona was inside them. Would they recognize her as a friend? She sure as hell hoped they didn’t see her as a meal, because that would suck.
The cat huffed impatiently, his eyes going from Liberty to Mittens and back again. She called Mittens again, but the damn cat wouldn’t leave the panther alone.
“Really, cat?” she whined, looking toward the panther with a cheesy smile. “I think Mittens is smitten with you. Can you mate with other animals?”
That question caused the black panther to roar his unhappiness at her, sending Liberty back several steps. She froze up, holding her chest in fear. “That wasn’t nice!”
She quickly scooped up the cat and hurried inside, locking the deadbolt on the front door as soon as she could. Dropping the cat on the couch, she went to the kitchen to get a glass of water and then hurried up to her room. 
When she climbed in the bed and closed her eyes, Talon was there in her mind’s eye, smiling at her and kissing her. She felt the stirrings of something foreign in her belly. If she breathed deep enough, she could still smell him. The scent that drove her wild swirled around inside of her head. What had he kept calling it? His mating scent? 
Flicking the bedside lamp on, she quickly grabbed Nova’s paperback off of the nightstand, looking around her room to make sure she was alone. God, she felt like an idiot, getting her shifter knowledge from a damn fiction book!
Flipping to a passage she’d read earlier in the day, Liberty went over it again, savoring the words written by the author. She blushed at the mention of mating. If this book was anything to go by, Liberty was way more than interested. The thought of having Talon’s strong arms around her, him pushing deep inside and bringing her pleasure, sent more odd sensations to her lower belly. Also knowing that when they mated it was for life, had Liberty filing that away as one of the pros to being with a shifter. There would be no chance of infidelity. They went after what they wanted and they stayed loyal. What girl wouldn’t want that?
A loud knock on the front door sent Liberty scrambling from her bed. The book tumbled out of her hand as she shook from the fright. She quickly pushed her dirty little reading under the mattress and grabbed a robe. As she hurried down the stairs, she felt the wetness between her legs and blushed again from the ideas her mind had conjured up since meeting Talon Shaw.
“Who is it?” she asked through the door, remembering her lesson about opening doors when she didn’t know who was on the other side.
“It’s Talon,” his deep voice announced. “Let me in.”
As soon as she opened the door, Talon’s nostrils flared and his eyes flashed a glowing amber. He took one step inside the door, pushing it closed with his left hand. He used the other to wrap around her waist, pulling her flush against his hard chest. 
“I hope to hell you are alone,” he growled, his eyes never leaving hers.
“What?” she breathed out. That scent rolled around their combined bodies and she wanted nothing more than to throw Talon onto the floor and wallow all over him so that she could have it on her skin.
“I can scent your arousal and I don’t want to have to kill one of my Guardians,” he informed her, gritting his teeth.
Heat rushed up her neck, painting her cheeks a bright red. Liberty tried to push away from him, but Talon wouldn’t let go of his hold. His eyes searched the rooms that were visible from the small foyer, but he still didn’t move. Liberty didn’t even know how to answer his question. Or was all of that alpha posturing a statement?
“No one is here, Talon,” she admitted, unable to move. 
“Good,” he nodded, just as he claimed her lips with his own in a demanding kiss.
Her tongue traced his bottom lip a moment before his tongue snaked out, touching hers in a soft dance. He tasted of wildness and fire and something unfamiliar, but definitely desired. 
As her fingers danced slowly up his arms, Liberty moaned when his large hands came up to cup her face. The action was very human-like, and she had to admit that having a man hold her like that made what they were doing okay in her book. If you’d asked her weeks before if she’d have sex with Talon Shaw, Liberty would’ve laughed in your face.
But right now? If he ripped her clothes from her body, there would be no denying this man. She would give him everything. 
Liberty let out a gasp when her tongue moved over the sharp canines in his mouth. The coppery taste of blood hit her senses the moment he pulled away, his eyes now completely amber. 
“Talon?” she whispered, unsure if he was in control or his panther. She knew he heard her by the way his head tilted to the side, those eyes raking over her body as if he was preparing himself for a feast.
“I’m sorry,” he growled, his voice deep and gravely. Talon stepped back, his fists were now at his sides in a tight ball. His eyes dropped to the floor and it took a few minutes, but his breathing started to even out. If she didn’t know any better, Liberty was sure he was calming his beast.
“Talon,” she started, taking a hesitant step forward, but froze when he growled. “What did I do?”
“Nothing,” he sighed, his voice back to normal, but he still didn’t lift his eyes. “You did nothing wrong.”
“Obviously, I did,” she huffed, folding her arms across her chest. She did it more to cover up her hardened nipples than she did to show her displeasure in him stopping and backing away. Then it hit her…she was aroused and he could…Oh God!
“Yeah,” he smirked, just the corner of his lip kicked up into a wicked grin, and a knowing one at that.
“Shit,” she swore, turning away to walk into her kitchen. She had to get his mind off of her arousal and back on what the hell he was doing at her home. “What did you come over for?”
“To visit,” he said, taking the seat she offered. “I haven’t seen you much this week.”
“The bar has been busy,” she explained. “That new warehouse opened up two weeks ago and we’ve had a lot of new faces.”
“Any problems?” he asked, taking a seat at her kitchen table. He looked at home there and Liberty had to shake those thoughts from her mind. That damn book was interfering with what was reality and what was made up to make a woman swoon.
“No,” she said, opening the refrigerator. “Water?”
“Please,” he said from right behind her. Liberty jerked and then spun around, coming in contact with his muscular chest. 
“You are beautiful,” he cooed, pressing his lips to hers just once. The water bottle slipped from her hand as his scent washed over her. Talon caught it and smirked knowingly as he walked back over to the table.
She watched him. His jeans fit his ass perfectly, his legs were long and thick. As he took his seat, she turned her head to find somewhere to put her eyes that wasn’t on his luscious ass. Holy hell! She really needed to stop the dirty thoughts about this man.
Just as she settled down in the seat next to him, a strange look crossed Talon’s face. Liberty sat forward, her hand automatically going to his arm. The muscles there were tense…hard. His body tightened before he leaned his head back and let out a mighty roar.
“Talon!” she screamed. “What’s wrong?”
“Evie!” he cried out, his chest expanding as he released another mighty roar.
“Talon?” Liberty questioned, afraid of what was happening. A jolt to his body sent his chest forward, his back arched in his seat.  Liberty froze when his canines shot forward.  His eyes opened and they glowed amber.
“My pride,” he cried, lunging for her.
His arms caged her body, spinning her until her back pressed against the kitchen wall. His large body was shielding her from an unknown enemy. Liberty swayed slightly as the rush of the sudden movement washed over her. 
The front door burst open and three very naked men ran inside, their hands holding clothes. She didn’t have time to say anything before they were dressing rapidly, their eyes trained on their leader as if he held all of the answers they were seeking.
“Alpha,” Savage began, rushing forward to place a steady hand on his leader’s shoulder. It was then that Liberty felt Talon’s body shaking, nearly vibrating uncontrollably. “Step away from your mate. You’re scaring her.”
“Talon?” Liberty murmured, unsure if she really wanted to see his face. Had it changed? “What’s going on? Tell me.”
When he turned toward Liberty, she wished she’d never asked him, because the look on his face was pure anguish and something else…guilt. His eyes were still amber, but the skin circling his mouth had transformed.  The muscles around his lips had thickened, and Liberty realized that he’d partially shifted.  
“One of my pride is gone,” he snarled. “One of the young girls has been taken.”
“Who?” Savage growled, taking a protective stance beside his alpha.
“Evie,” he answered, the skin around his lips returning to normal.  Talon’s eyes still remained the color of his panther. “I felt a burst of fear from the child. She called out to me, but then she was gone. The pride called out to me as one only seconds later.”
“Easy,” Winter said, touching Talon’s shoulder as the alpha swayed, the palm of his other hand pressed firmly to the center of his chest.
“What can I do?” Liberty asked, placing a hand on Talon’s arm. 
“We need to go,” he stated, taking Liberty’s hand and pulling her toward the front door. She grabbed her bag, but didn’t protest as he made his way down the porch steps, shouting orders for Winter to lock up and get to the bar to watch over Liberty’s sister, Nova.
“Whoever hurt my pride will pay with their life,” he promised, opening the door to his truck and setting Liberty in the passenger seat. “Buckle up.”
“W…Where are we going?” she stammered.
“To my home,” he said, rushing around the vehicle. Liberty buckled her seatbelt and didn’t say anything as Talon’s tires threw gravel as he rushed from her driveway to head right into the heart of the pride of panthers…with his human mate. This could be a disaster.


Talon had never wanted to feel his people call out to him as one, begging for him. The pain that had speared his mind and body was that of his pride. They were scared, hurting, and ready to deal out the wrath of a family who’d lost one of their own. His first instinct was to protect his mate, to have her skin under his touch…just to make sure she was unharmed. 
The guilt that thought caused, he’d put a human above his pride, ate at him as he hurried to his home. He had to calm them. The last thing they needed was to have a pride of panthers running amuck through town, hunting down whoever had come on his land and taken the female.
He’d hoped to bring Liberty here under happier circumstances, but this was going to have to do. She was his mate, regardless if they hadn’t even had a ceremony. Hell, he hadn’t even marked her yet. That thought had him freezing up, refusing to leave the confines of the vehicle.
“Whatever you do,” he began, then swallowed. “You stay close to me until I let them know you are welcome, okay?”
“I…um, yeah. Okay.” She turned her head slightly, giving him a hard glare. “Why?”
“Just do it,” he growled, afraid he would scare her if he said that the panthers may not accept a human being on their territory.
“I will do it this one time,” she told him. When Talon looked at Liberty, the blue glow from the lights on the dash highlighted her beautiful features and her long, brown hair glowed softly. He wanted nothing more than to reach out and brush his fingers down her locks. “But you will not keep things from me, Talon.”
That statement brought him up short. He remembered his Guardians laughing and teasing him that she was an alpha among her people. From the hard set to her jaw, he knew that Liberty Raines was not a female to mess with. 
As they entered the front door, Talon felt Liberty pause at the scene before them. The living room was crowded with his people. A few Guardians had already shifted, awaiting orders.
His eyes searched the crowd, finding the mother of the girl sitting in a chair at the back of the room, her mate on his knees, trying to console the upset female.
“I will find your daughter, Marie,” he promised, clearing the emotion from his voice, before turning to the pride. “I will stop at nothing until this girl is found. I need my Guardians in my office, now.”
“Alpha?” Harold, the pride’s healer, called out, his eyes falling on Liberty.
“This is Liberty Raines,” he said, deepening his voice. “She is human and she is welcome here.” He didn’t say she was his mate. Now wasn’t the time or the place to make an announcement. There would be time for that later…at least, he hoped so. The pride relaxed slightly, most of them nodding their acceptance.
“Talon?” Liberty whispered, squeezing his hand. “What can I do?”
“Can you find out who saw her last? Ask the other teenagers…speak with her parents,” he directed, glancing around to see half of the pride watching the human that was in their home. He gave everyone a hard stare, hoping they got the message that Liberty was welcomed here. “I need you to help me.”
“I’ll do whatever you need me to do,” she replied, shifting her eyes nervously to the crowd. 
“They won’t hurt you,” he said, just above a whisper. In a show of his power, Talon cupped Liberty’s face and placed a soft kiss to her forehead, hoping that if his hard stare didn’t work, the chaste kiss would be enough to put his scent on her skin for at least an hour. That’d be long enough for him to talk to his Guardians and come up with a plan to find whoever was responsible for the girl’s disappearance. “I’ll be back soon.”
“Okay,” she whispered, inhaling deep. 
Walking away, he didn’t dare look back, but he could feel her watching him disappear down the hallway to his office. It took everything Talon had not to return to her, pulling the little female into his arms and pressing his lips to hers in front of his pride, but that was going to have to wait. 
“What happened?” he asked as soon as the door closed, searching the room for whoever had an answer. Talon leaned against the large cherry desk that had been in his family for hundreds of years. The damn thing weighed a ton and was his father’s favorite piece of furniture in the house. He’d had custom bookshelves built into the wall behind the desk, framing the large window that overlooked the front of the property.
“She was coming home from the main house,” Noah began. “Her mother was out in her yard and heard a commotion. The only reason why we know Evie was taken was because her mother heard a scream and saw two men running away with her daughter thrown over one of their shoulders. Her father took chase, but the men had too far of a head start.”
“Has she called out for you?” Savage asked, his teeth clenched tightly. The Guardian ran his hand through his brown hair, stopping to pull hard at the longer hair on top of his head. 
“No,” Talon complained. “She’s not communicating with me at all.” Any member of his pride could call out to their alpha if needed. It was a magical connection they shared. It was his duty to protect them, and he’d failed with Evie. 
“What’s the plan?” Dane asked, standing against the far wall, his hands clasped in front of himself and his feet shoulder width apart. He was on edge, and when Talon looked around the room, he saw all of his Guardians were ready to get the girl and return her to the pride. Even Booth and Storm, who were already in panther form, were on alert.
“Booth and Storm, I need you to search for scents,” he ordered, turning toward the others. The panthers understood him in their animal form and with a nod, sat back on their haunches awaiting anything else Talon had to say. Savage would head to Liberty’s home, watching for anything out of the ordinary there. Winter was already in charge of watching over her sister, Nova. “Noah, get Kye and bring him in here.” 
“Anything else?” Noah asked, already turning for the door.
“Watch our brother,” he sighed, making eye contact with all of his Guardians. “If anyone can find Evie, it’ll be him.” No one said anything, but they all knew that Kye and Evie had been seen talking over the summer. He would know her scent better than any of the Guardians. It was tricky, but sending Kye out to find her may just save the young female’s life.
Noah didn’t need to find their baby brother because as soon as the door opened, a younger version of Talon rushed into the room, his eyes glowing amber. It broke Talon’s heart to see his baby brother on the verge of losing control. He’d been prepared to deal with his brother’s heartbreak if he found out that Evie wasn’t his mate. This would be so much worse if she didn’t make it.
“You can’t keep me from finding her,” he roared, walking right up to Talon’s desk and slamming his hands down in anger.
“I’m not,” Talon growled, his alpha bubbling to the surface. No one, not even his little brother, walked into his domain demanding anything. He knew Kye needed guidance, but he also needed a strong hand. “But you will stand down, Kye.”
“I’m sorry,” he relented, dropping his gaze to the desktop as a sign that he was not going to challenge the alpha. Talon’s push of power was no match for Kye’s anger. “I have to find her, Talon.”
“You go with Noah and Dane,” he replied. “Bring her home.” That was all he could do for his brother. Let him feel like he was doing something to find her.
Noah held the door for the two Guardians who’d already shifted, following them out into the hallway. Talon started around the desk but stopped when his brother let out a shuddering breath.
“If someone hurts her…” Kye paused, clutching his chest. 
“She will be found,” Talon assured him, hoping like hell he didn’t bring back the body of the young female his brother was already falling in love with. They were not mated…at least, not yet. The mating hormones didn’t appear until around the twentieth birthday. Kye had three more years before he and Evie would know if they were meant to be together. There was only one mate for a panther, and they mated for life. 
“Wait,” Kye said, stopping Talon from leaving. “What about Liberty? What’s going on?”
“She is my mate and will be treated as such,” Talon replied, his alpha rising to the surface. She was his even if he hadn’t claimed her yet, but that would happen.
“We need to worry about Evie,” Kye interrupted. 
“Liberty is no threat to us,” Talon snarled. “She is mine. Is that understood?” His voice dropped to a deeper octave. The sound was low and menacing. Any of his Guardians or family that challenged him would suffer at his hands when it came to the woman.  
“She’s human,” Kye reminded Talon. 
“Regardless, she’s my mate,” he stated, his voice holding a tone that said the discussion was over. He didn’t want to have to explain the complications of his mating with his little brother. Now wasn’t even the time to get into that with him. They had to find the child and bring her home. 
As the thought of Liberty being left alone with his pride entered his brain, he ushered his brother out of the room. When he entered the living room, he was shocked still at the sight before him. Every one of his pride, in human and panther form, were gathered around Liberty as close as possible, watching while she held Evie’s mother as she wept on Liberty’s shoulder. When their eyes met, a sadness passed between them and right then and there, Talon Shaw made a vow to never see that look in her eyes again. He couldn’t bring a human into his world. It was too dangerous, and the thought of his mate being taken or hurt hardened his heart toward mating…anyone. His pride was the most important thing in his world. It was his responsibility to keep them safe.
Having a mate complicated things. His heart squeezed painfully knowing he couldn’t move forward with Liberty right now. Talon’s dedication was to his people. As it was supposed to be.



Chapter Eight


When Talon had left the room, Liberty had squared her shoulders and turned toward the group that had gathered, making sure to stay a good distance away from the ones who were in panther form. She still wasn’t sure how much of their human side remained after the shift.
“Can you tell me anything about what happened to your daughter?” Liberty asked, dropping to her knees in front of the woman. The woman’s eyes widened when she looked at Liberty, but she was speechless as sobs wrenched out of her. “Can anyone tell me anything?”
“Two men came on our land, and I was too late to catch them. They took my daughter.” The father squeezed the woman’s hand in a show of support. The pride who’d shifted snarled as their cat bodies rocked back and forth, anxiety evident in their postures.
“Did they look familiar? Ages? Descriptions?” she begged. She was throwing out any questions she could think of. They had to find that poor girl. Seeing this woman hurting was more than Liberty could stand. The thought of how her mother would have felt if she’d been kidnapped sent her heart fluttering in terror. 
“Both of them had dark hair,” the mother whispered, accepting a tissue from an older boy who looked like the father. “I don’t remember much. It all happened so fast.”
“Is the girl that’s missing your sister?” Liberty asked, rising to her feet. The boy couldn’t have been more than fifteen, sixteen at most. His hair was dark brown and touched his shoulders. His eyes were icy blue, just like all of the people in the room who were actually in their human form. 
“Yes,” he said, holding his shoulders high. “Her name is Evie, and I will kill whoever took her.”
“No, you will not!” his mother hollered. “You will not leave me too. I cannot lose both of my children.” Then the woman folded in on herself, sobbing hysterically. 
“We will find her…Talon will find her,” Liberty promised, kneeling in front of the woman again and gently taking her into her arms. She hugged the grieving mother tightly, whispering how sorry she was over and over into her ear. 
She held the woman for a few moments, praying she’d calm down enough so that her husband could take her home and she could rest. Bodies shifted behind her, but she didn’t look to see what was going on. The soft sounds of crying coming from the females was like sitting at a funeral, and Liberty had to grit her teeth to keep from joining along with them. She did have to wipe her eyes several times to catch the tears that escaped.
A peace settled over the room and Liberty turned her head quickly to see that Talon had come back. He stood at the doorway to the massive living room, his eyes soft as they landed on her. He nodded his gratitude and stepped forward. Liberty gasped when she noticed all of the pride in the room had crowded against her, lending their support to the woman and her husband. Two panthers were scooted up against her left leg and she hadn’t even noticed them approach. 
As Talon moved forward, his people parted as if he were a god. Their eyes watched him walk gracefully toward the girl’s parents. When he stood next to Liberty, she started to move, but his large hand landed on her shoulder, holding her in place. She looked up just as he took to one knee next to Liberty, his hand still in place. With his other hand, he placed it on top of the woman’s head and leaned in to kiss her forehead. Apparently, the alpha could touch any female in his pride and not cause them pain.  
“Marie,” he said, his voice even and strong. “The Guardians have gone out to search. Let Marcus take you home. We will send word as soon as we have it.”
“Yes, alpha.” She nodded, turning toward Liberty. “Thank you, Liberty.”
“You’re welcome,” she choked out, feeling more tears build when the older woman wrapped her into an embrace only a mother could give.
“Talon?” a soft voice interrupted. When they both turned, a woman who looked like she was in her mid-fifties stood in the doorway to another room in the house. Her dark hair was styled in big curls that fell to her shoulders. Her eyes matched all of the shifters. She was petite and a little rounded, but still stunningly beautiful. She wore a pair of gray slacks and a pale pink blouse.
As they approached, she noticed they were entering the kitchen. They woman smiled warmly at Liberty and pulled her into a tight embrace. “She’s beautiful, son.”
“Ma,” Talon scolded. When she looked over her shoulder at the big badass alpha, Liberty barely contained a giggle. He was blushing slightly and he looked almost like a small boy. 
“It’s nice to finally meet you,” his mom said, holding out her hand.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Mrs. Shaw,” Liberty greeted and smiled, accepting the firm handshake from Talon’s mother. Talon resembled his mother. Their hair matched each other’s color perfectly. The woman was very young looking despite what Liberty assumed her age to be somewhere in her late fifties to early sixties. Her smile made Liberty feel welcome, and that helped ease some of the tension she’d been feeling since walking into Talon’s house.
“Please,” she chuckled warmly. “Call me, Victoria.”
“Thank you, Victoria,” Liberty replied. Liberty had a sudden thought. This woman would know that she was human. Would she actually accept Liberty?
“You must come over for dinner on Sunday, dear,” Victoria suggested.
“I would be honored,” she replied, grateful to have been asked.
“It’s late,” Talon interrupted, taking her hand. “Let me get you home.”
“Okay,” she said, nodding to his mother.
“I’ll see you soon,” Victoria said, casting a hard glare across the room to the other panthers. Liberty was too afraid to look back at their expressions.
There was a group of people, maybe twelve or so, watching their alpha escort her out of the house. Panthers and some of the men she recognized from the bar were just heading out into a wooded area beside the beautiful two story home. 
Now that she was outside and not being rushed by Talon, Liberty thought about the grand home. The inside had been rustic, warm. The sunken living room had several overstuffed couches against every wall except for the wall with a huge fireplace. That was where she’d found the grieving mother sitting in one of the two high back chairs next to the hearth. The river rock face of the fireplace extended all the way up the ceiling that had to have been twenty feet high. A landing overlooked the living area. 
Talon escorted her over to the passenger side, opening the door without a word. She felt his warmth as he helped her up into the seat. When she looked into his eyes, there was anger and sadness there that froze her in place. Before she could speak, he closed the door and walked around to climb in the driver’s seat.
“Your mother is very sweet,” she commented, but frowned when he glared at her. The look that he gave Liberty could freeze hellfire. She’d never seen that look in his eyes. “What? What did I do?”
“My priority has to be my pride.” Talon growled, hanging his hands over the steering wheel and staring at his lap. 
“I understand,” she mumbled, sadness rolling through her for that poor family inside the house. 
“Do you?” he asked, his voice going deep.
“I’m not going anywhere,” she promised. “You know where to find me.”
“That’s the problem,” he grumbled, starting the truck and backing out of the spot by the door. 
“What?” she asked, unsure where this conversation was headed.
“My pride…I can’t mate a human,” he explained. “It’s not fair to you.”
“They won’t accept me?” she wondered.
“That’s not it.” He cursed. “They need me. I can’t spend my time with you when one of my own is missing. I am their leader and…and you are human.” 
“Okay,” Liberty managed to squeak out, straightening her spine. She would not cry, because Talon was the one who’d come on to her…not the other way around. 
He did things to her body, to her mind. The man ignited a fire in her very core, but he couldn’t claim her…he didn’t want her because she wasn’t one of his kind. She wasn’t good enough. She wiped angrily at a tear that had escaped the corner of her eye. She never cried, and this guy had pushed her away after claiming she was his mate and all of that bullshit.
“Liberty,” he began, but she was already shaking her head.
“Just…just take me home, Talon,” she said, gritting her teeth. The flowers flashed through her mind and she wanted to crush each and every one of their petals into dust.
“I’m sorry,” he said.
“Me too,” she replied.
The rest of the short drive was oppressively quiet. She watched the trees roll by as they moved forward. Fields of corn met them at different points, separated by houses and the occasional horse stable.
When they pulled into her driveway, Liberty’s only goal was to make it into the house. Nova’s car wasn’t there, so she hadn’t made it home from the bar yet. Looking at the clock on the truck’s dash, she figured she had about an hour and a half alone to stew over the rollercoaster Talon Shaw had put her on over the past few days.
“Liberty,” he said, trying again. He put the truck in park and turned toward her, but Liberty wasn’t one to argue. 
“Let me go, Talon,” she pleaded and then sniffed, before throwing open the door and rushing toward the house. The moment Liberty got the key into the lock, she heard Talon’s truck door open. He called her name once more and she ignored him. She knew she shouldn’t ask him to choose between her and his people, but she’d felt something…something solid when she was with him. She needed his warmth…she needed his strength. There was something about him that she wanted to latch onto and never let go, but she’d be damned before she ever let that little bit of information be known.
Her door flew open just as his boot hit the first step on the old wooden porch. She was inside before he made it to the door. When she slammed the door in his face, a mighty roar filled the night sky and she sank down against the wall in the hallway and cried.



The moment the door slammed in his face, his panther rushed to the surface and cried out in anger at his mate denying him. His canines punched through his gums and it took all of Talon’s human willpower to keep his body from shifting. A vicious curse fell from his lips as his human mind and his panther’s waged war over what was the right thing to do and what his instincts yearned for him to accept. Liberty was his true mate no matter how hard he pushed her away…no matter what the rules of his pride were. 
He felt Savage rush toward the house from his sentry position in the woods. He’d been there most of the night watching the house. Winter was at the bar with Nova, planning to escort her home. When he turned, Savage the panther froze, not moving forward. Talon snarled, tossing his head out toward the woods, reminding him of his duties. The cat slinked back and turned without any hesitation.
“Liberty,” he howled, his voice distorted by his growing canines. “Open the door!”
“Get out of here, Talon,” she yelled. Her voice was so close to the door that he wondered if she was sitting right against the other side.
“Liberty,” he gasped as the sound of her sobs hit his ears. Pounding his fist on the door, Talon cursed himself for making her cry. A male didn’t cause his mate tears, he prevented them. A mate’s solemn vow was to keep her happy and to care for her. He’d failed the first part miserably.
But hadn’t he pushed her away? Hadn’t he just made a promise to let her go?
“Go away, Talon!” she snarled.
“No,” he growled, the sound so guttural it actually vibrated the wooden frame of the door. Silence followed for about two heartbeats before Talon heard footsteps stomping toward the stairway down the hall from the entrance. At that point, he knew she wasn’t behind the door anymore.
One well-placed kick to the lock sent the entire door flying inward, bouncing it off the wall behind it. Liberty looked over the banister, her eyes narrowing in anger. Mine…my mate! His panther was screaming in his head…trying to override all of his human intentions.
“What the fuck are you doing?” she screamed, throwing her hands in the air as she ran down the stairs.
“Watch your mouth,” he snapped, marching forward to intercept her. He took one arm and wrapped it around her waist, yanking her flush against his body. Before she could curse at him again, his lips crashed down against hers, his tongue demanding entrance. He’d kiss her into submission if he had to. This human was driving him wild.
Talon took his free hand and tangled his fingers in her hair. He made a fist and tightened his hold on Liberty. He pulled on her hair, breaking their kiss. Tilting her head back, Talon gazed into her eyes. They were glazed over, her lips swollen from his assault.
“It is a bad idea for a mate to lock out their panther, little human,” he growled, his voice closer to animal. 
“I’m not yours, you said so yourself,” she snapped.
“You are mine and don’t you ever forget that, Liberty.” She inhaled softly, and Talon was sure she was taking in his mating scent. She tried to pull away, but it was a weak attempt. She wanted him. He knew it from the scent of her arousal that wrapped around his senses. 
“You don’t want me,” she growled. “You said your pride was more important.”
He saw the defeated look in her eyes. “I could no more let you go than I could let someone kill an innocent child from my pride.”
“Don’t say things that you will later regret, Talon,” she whispered, her eyes still wet with unshed tears.
“Listen to me, Liberty Raines,” he growled, getting in her face. At no time did he release his hold on her head. Talon wasn’t about to let go of her. “You are my mate. There is no other female in this world who could hold a candle to you.”
“Either you want me or you don’t, Talon,” she complained. “You can’t tell me that I am yours one minute, then when everything goes to hell, you push me aside.”
“I have to care for my pride,” he said, his voice sounding tired. He leaned his forehead against hers, his icy blue eyes boring into hers. “I’m torn.”
“It doesn’t have to be that way,” she pleaded, a lone tear trailing down her cheek. His thumb brushed away the wetness.
“I never meant to make you cry,” he said. “Please, just wait for me.”
God, he felt like the biggest fool. How did you push away what your instincts demand you claim? As an alpha, how did you balance the two parts of yourself? This wasn’t something his father had warned him about during all of those talks they’d shared about the responsibilities he’d one day inherit. Little did either one of them know, but his father wouldn’t be around to council Talon as he took over the pride. 
“Let me help you find her,” Liberty begged, her voice sounding just as tired as his. “I’ll be careful. I promise.”
“I would rain hell down on anyone who harmed you just as they’ve harmed one of my own,” he sighed. “You are not to go looking for her.”
“But,” she started to argue, but was cut off by his growl.
“No,” he stated, not taking any protests from her.
“Let me go, Talon,” she whispered, trying to move away from him, but he held onto her for another few seconds. The loss of her touch burned him straight through to his soul. “Please?”
“I have to go,” he said, pressing his lips to hers once more. “I’ll have one of the Guardians repair your door.” 
The last thing he wanted to do was leave her, but it was for the best. Releasing her hair, he turned, leaving the woman who held his heart in the palm of her hands.
Talon walked with purpose to the side of the house, his emotions were like a blinking billboard across his features. Savage approached from the safety of the woods already fully clothed.
“I need you to fix her front door,” Talon ordered, the rumbling growl coming from his chest left no room for questions from his Guardian.
“Yes, sir,” Savage replied.
Talon fought to keep from looking back at her house as he rushed to his vehicle. It was time that he took care of his pride, just as he’d promised the day he’d taken the oath. His power surged inside the cab of his truck, sending his panther forward. They both knew that the pride was his main responsibility, no matter how much his heart yearned for the human female to be at his side.
He pulled onto his property, jumping out of the vehicle. Several of his pride were milling about, but none of them said anything as he shed his clothes, tossing them in the back of his truck. It only took a moment for him to shift.
His claws dug into the dirt as he raced toward where his men were searching, gathering scents of whoever had dared to come on his property. Three of his Guardians were hanging close behind his youngest brother, watching him as he moved about the area. His nose was to the ground as he searched.
Talon snarled, gaining their attention. Dane huffed once and shook his head, telling the alpha they’d found nothing. They’d searched the road that ran alongside the property and were now off in the thickest part of the wooded area, hoping to find a trace of the girl or the men who’d taken her.
A faint scent of an unknown panther tickled Talon’s nose. A warning growl rumbled from deep in his chest as he memorized the scent. This was definitely not from one of his pride. As he moved around the area, he was confused because the scent was only in one spot. There was no trail. If a panther had moved around, brushing up against a tree trunk, a sapling, hell even a leaf, their scent would remain. This scent was just there on the ground.
Dane stepped forward, pushing his nose against the area. Talon had started to wonder if he’d been so wrapped up in the disappearance of Evie and his need for Liberty, that he’d possibly mistaken the scent, but from his Guardian’s deep growl, he knew that it wasn’t a figment of his imagination. This scent was real and it belonged to someone who wasn’t one of theirs.


Chapter Nine


A couple of days was all it took for Talon to find his way back to Liberty’s home. She’d been in his every thought while he had been out searching for Evie. They were still no closer to finding the female than they had been when she went missing. 
Talon had sent every male available out to look for her. He couldn’t understand why Evie wasn’t reaching out to him. His only answer was that she was either sedated…or dead. He wouldn’t think that she was not with them anymore. He couldn’t handle losing one of his own. There would be no way his brother would be able to survive the loss of a potential mate. 
Talon was a little disappointed when he pulled into the driveway and her car was absent from the yard. He slid out of his truck and started for the woods surrounding her home. Savage stepped out from behind a shrub, already shifted from his animal form.
“Hey, boss,” he greeted. 
“Any trouble?” Talon asked, his keen eyes searching the property.
“None,” Savage answered.
Lights painted the yard, the low beams from a car washed across the two men. Liberty’s car stopped next to Talon’s truck. His panther pushed forward, its interest piqued by the woman who was just out of reach.
Talon gave his Guardian a hard stare before walking away. By the time he rounded the front of his truck, she was climbing out of her vehicle. His boots crunched on the gravel drive as he approached her, his arms automatically going around her waist. His lips crashed down on hers with an intensity that proved how much he needed her…wanted her. 
“Your eyes are glowing,” Liberty said, breathless. 
“My panther,” he admitted, trying to push back the beast inside his mind. 
“What are you doing here?” she asked, taking a step backwards. Talon frowned when their connection was lost.
“I had to see you,” he replied. “Can we go inside?” Talon had known he needed to find the people who took Evie, but his heart was torn. Torn between his mate and his pride. His father had trained him to care for the pride, but his mother had always come first in his father’s eyes. She was his heart and soul, and without his mother, Talon’s father would have been nothing but a shell of a man.
“Come on,” she said, tucking her chin and heading toward the door.
As soon as the door closed behind them, Talon pulled her into his arms, ignoring her protest. He needed her scent, her warmth. “I don’t know what to do.”
“About Evie?” she asked, her concern evident in her voice.
“About everything,” he admitted, nuzzling her neck. “I need you. I want you, Liberty, but I have responsibilities to my people.”
“I understand,” she whispered, pressing her lips to his neck. She lingered there, inhaling his mating scent. His panther lurched forward in his mind, demanding he claim her…make Liberty his. Mate! Panther! Mine!
“I can only give you tonight, Liberty.” He tangled his fingers in her hair, pulling slightly so that she would look into his eyes. What he saw there was fire and need. Her arousal was a sweet aroma in the air. His cock hardened and he shamelessly rubbed it against her stomach.
In a move that shocked him, Liberty reached for the hem of his shirt, jerking it upwards. His arms lifted automatically and the material was tossed somewhere behind her. The moment she reached for her own shirt, he grasped her hands, stopping her from undressing. 
“Not here,” he ordered, reaching around and cupping her ass. He hauled her up against his chest, wrapping her legs around his waist. She moaned when he rotated his hips, pressing his heavy erection against her mound. “Where’s your room?” He asked as he took the steps two at a time. 
“On the right,” she mumbled, nibbling at his neck. The moment she bit his earlobe, Talon had to suppress another roar. 
It took him only five steps to reach her door, kicking it closed with his boot. Her thin shirt shredded when he released his claws from the tips of his fingers. Her hands grasped at his jeans, snatching at the buttons. Thankfully, each one released with ease. 
“What?” she breathed when he stopped undressing her, a soft pink dusting the top of her cheeks. 
Talon didn’t speak, he just raised the corner of his mouth in a predatory smirk. He’d retracted all of his panther’s claws except one. With that one, he slid it between her breasts and caught the material of her bra, slicing it in half with no resistance. Liberty gasped, but it quickly turned into a moan when he leaned down and captured one rosy nipple between his teeth, circling it skillfully with his tongue.
“Talon,” she whimpered, reaching for his jeans. “Please?”
“Is this your first time?” he asked, his voice completely alpha. He knew she felt his powers surge, but she didn’t back down. 
“No,” she replied shyly, casting her eyes to the side. 
“Never look away from me in shame, Liberty,” he ordered, reeling in his power so as not to scare her. “Were you hurt?”
“No,” she admitted, shaking her head slightly. He felt her soft hair brush against his arm that was still wrapped possessively around her back. “It just wasn’t very pleasant the last time.”
“I won’t hurt you,” Talon promised, slowing down his need to take her like an animal. There would be enough time for that later. He had to concentrate to keep from rutting into her as if she were a panther. Having a go at her wasn’t the best way to do this. She’d obviously had a bad experience in the past. The thought of another man touching what was his made Talon want to find the fucker and tear him to shreds, but he knew that she’d had a life before him. He couldn’t fault her for that.
“I know,” she smirked, freezing him for just a moment.
“I don’t think I’ve ever told you how beautiful you are,” he admitted, raking his eyes down her luscious body. Her nipples were hard and had darkened from his attention. The muscles in her abdomen quivered slightly under his watchful gaze as he used his thumbs to trace her cute belly button.
With a sly grin, he unzipped her jeans, sliding his hand around the back. He used his other hand that had been around her waist to help divest Liberty of the tight denim. As he knelt at her feet, his nostrils flared from scenting her arousal.
And just like the predator he was, Talon buried his face against her white lace panties with a growl. Her knees started to buckle, but he pushed her back against the edge of the mattress, following her down onto the plush bedding. Hooking his fingers in the last scrap of material left as a barrier, he yanked her panties down, exposing her sex to his view. Granted, it was dark in the room to human eyes, but his enhanced sight showed him everything he needed, and wanted, to see. She was stunning.
“Talon, please?” she begged, reaching for his jeans. He quickly stood, undressing as he watched her writhe on the bed. 
“Open for me,” he demanded, dropping to his knees. She hesitantly dropped her legs to the side, her feet planted on the edge of the bed. 
Liberty let out a curse when he buried his face in her sex again. The first pass of his tongue was heaven, her taste equivalent to the finest honey. Talon purred as he nibbled, licked…worshiped her body. At one point, he had to throw his arm across her stomach to hold her still.
“Talon,” she panted, repeating his name as if it were a prayer. “Talon.”
His cock jumped, straining for the woman that he knew now more than ever was to be his mate…to love, cherish, and protect above all else. His knee hit the bed as his arm wrapped around her waist, lifting her higher up on the soft blanket. Her nails scored his back as his lips captured hers in a heated dance. He relished in her scratches. A little part of his mind rejoiced in knowing that she’d make an excellent panther. 
“Wrap your legs around me, baby,” he whispered, looking into her beautiful brown eyes, memorizing every feature of her face. She looked content and very trusting of him as she complied. His hand clasped onto the outside of her left hip, lifting it slightly before thrusting into her warmth.
“Oh, God,” Liberty moaned, her hips undulating beneath him. 
“Liberty,” he purred, feeling his canines erupt from his gums. Fuck! I can’t mark her now. I’m not ready. She’s not ready.
When she lifted her head to kiss him, Talon pulled back, instantly feeling her still beneath him.
“What did I do?” she asked.
“Nothing,” he mumbled.
“I did something…oh,” she stopped. Talon felt tiny fingers at his jaw, but didn’t move away. Her touch settled him…settled his panther. He felt his cat relax as her fingers traveled to his lips, one finger pushing inside to touch his canine.
“Careful,” he warned, pulling back slightly. “They’re sharp.”
“They’re beautiful,” she responded, raising her face again to kiss him. Talon at no time stopped thrusting inside her, the act slow.
“My panther wants to claim you.” He paused, running his hand from her hip up to cup her face. “I can’t do that now.”
“You want to…bite me?” she asked, her eyes wide.
“More than you could ever know,” he admitted, kissing her bottom lip. “But if I do, it would connect us.”
“We’ll be mates?” she asked, her voice a little unsure.
“It will mark you as mine,” he said, kissing the spot on her neck he’d dreamed about sinking his canines into for the past few nights. “When we mate…there will be a blood exchange.”
“Oh!” She smiled. “So, if you bite me, then I’m marked to be your mate?”
“Yes.” 
“Make love to me, Talon,” she urged, shifting her hips. She didn’t agree to be marked, nor did she agree to be his mate. The one thing he intentionally left out was how the blood exchange actually worked. She would have to become just like him.


Liberty raised her hips to match him thrust for thrust. This was all he could give her and she didn’t want it to end. He’d thrown her head into such a tailspin, she didn’t know what was happening. All she knew was that she wanted him. 
Talon was holding back and she knew it. He wanted to bite her, and she was okay with the fact that he didn’t ask her to become his mate. She wanted to fall in love with him. Was that a stupid thing to wish for?
“How will you bite me? Mark me?” she asked, her voice not her own. It was deep, husky from their slow love making. 
One moment, she was on her back, Talon on top. The next, he’d flipped her over, pulling her knees up so that her ass was on display for him. One large hand pressed between her shoulder blades, causing her arms to buckle. She started to protest when her face smashed into the blanket, but she was able to turn her cheek so she could breathe normally. “Talon?”
His large body covered hers, his cock sliding back into her sex. He was long, thick, and fit her perfectly. There was minor discomfort at first, but when he started to move, all she felt was pleasure.
“My kind mates as our panthers mate,” he growled, his voice muffled, possibly from his canines making a reappearance. She felt a rush of wetness at the thought. Talon inhaled deep and she blushed into the darkness at knowing he had a heightened sense of smell. “When we are ready. I will take you like this.”
“Mmmm,” she mumbled, unable to speak when his thrusts became faster. 
“When you agree to let me mark you as my intended mate,” he growled sinfully, wrapping his hand into her hair and pulling her so that she was forced upright. Liberty’s back met his warm chest and his free hand wrapped under her breasts. “I will sink my teeth into your neck, leaving a scar of my bite.” He demonstrated by nipping at the spot above where her shoulder met her neck. Bumps raised on her arms and her body quickened; her orgasm was on the brink.
“I need…Talon, please,” she panted, rocking her hips back against him.
“I know, love,” he purred. Releasing her hair, his hand slid down between her legs. His finger found her swollen nub, rubbing it in time with his thrusts. “Let go, Liberty. You are mine. Give it to me.”
That scent that came from him, the mating scent, wrapped around her senses, calming Liberty. Her climax hit, and all she could do was cry out his name. The strength of the orgasm paralyzed her to the spot, allowing Talon to take the reins. He called out her name, just as she’d done his, a second before she felt him pulse inside her. And that was the last thing she remembered. 
“Liberty,” he chuckled a short time later. She’d checked out for a few minutes and found herself laying in the bed, her head on a pillow. “Hey.”
“Hi,” she answered and smiled shyly. God, she’d been so close to asking him to claim her…to mark her with his teeth. She shivered from that idea alone. How would it feel when he bit her? Would it hurt? Would it feel good? 
“Let me clean you up,” he said, rolling to the side. She watched as he entered her bathroom. He was still naked, and Liberty’s eyebrows rose when she got a good look at his ass. Damn! Mmmhmm, now that’s nice…very, very nice.
“Let me,” he said, bringing her back. He knelt on the bed, a washcloth in his hand.
“I can do it,” she blushed, reaching for his hand.
“No,” he scolded, moving the cloth out of her reach. “It is my job to provide for you in all ways.”
“We didn’t use protection,” she panicked before allowing him to clean his seed from between her legs.
“You won’t get pregnant, and we are immune to human diseases,” he offered.
“You can’t impregnate humans?” she asked, trying to keep the disappointment and sadness out of her voice. What the hell is wrong with me? 
“Not unless we are mates,” he replied, looking at the clock. “It’s late and your sister will be home soon.”
“So, that’s it?” she snapped at him, gritting her teeth. “You’re just going to leave?” Wasn’t that just like all men? Get what they wanted and head for the door! 
“I have to go,” he replied, grabbing for his jeans. 
She rolled over, giving him her back. She should’ve known better. Just like the last guy she’d been with. Fuck her and take off at the first chance. All of that mating talk was probably bullshit just to get a piece of ass. No! She wasn’t going to let him do that…not without speaking her mind. She was a different woman than she had been two years ago with what’s his name.
“You know what?” she shouted, jumping out of the bed. Liberty had her fists clenched tightly at her sides as she rounded the end of the bed, her naked body on display. Any other time, she’d have probably grabbed for something to cover herself. She wasn’t stick thin like men seemed to like, but she was strong and had a temper to boot. “I’m not a conquest.”
“I never said you were,” he backpedaled, looking confused and a bit angry. Men! Animal or human…they are all the same! 
Her thoughts had been a whirlwind of back and forth over him the last few days. She wanted him with a passion she didn’t even know she possessed. Even with all of the talk of mating and panthers, she was still human. She wanted him to love her for her, and not because of some hormone that ruled his kind. Was she being selfish? Maybe. Was she crazy for letting him fuck her? Most definitely. Did she want to shake some sense into him? You had better believe it! 
“Was I that horrible that you have to bolt as soon as you got what you came here for?” she snarled, pointing at his bare chest. She flinched when he took a step forward, her finger pressed against his abs.
“You were amazing,” he professed. “Don’t say that about what we did.”
“What did we do, Talon?” she snapped. 
“We made love, Liberty,” he informed her, his eyes sparking with glowing amber. She knew she was pissing him off, but she was even more pissed off.
“No, we didn’t,” she scoffed.
“Yes, we did,” he replied, taking a step forward. She took a step back, trying to keep some distance between them. He was putting off that mating scent again and it was driving her crazy with lust. His nostrils flared, and she knew he’d scented her arousal. How the hell was this making her hot again? 
“No, we fucked,” she said, gritting her teeth. “If we’d made love, you wouldn’t have been in such a damned hurry to tuck your tail and get out of…eek!” 
Before she could finish her sentence, Talon was on her. Liberty was lifted and pushed against the far wall, Talon’s body holding her at eye level with him. His eyes were completely amber, his canines were poking out between his lips, and in one powerful thrust, he buried his hard cock deep into her body.
 “This is fucking, Liberty,” he roared. His mouth latched on to her nipple, sucking it deep between his canines. Her eyes rolled into the back of her head as she clasped her hands on the top of his shoulders for leverage. He was pushing into her so fast and hard that the sound of their bodies writhing in pleasure echoed off the wall.
“Oh, God,” she panted, feeling another climax building. His mouth found hers again, his tongue demanding entrance. This was what she had wanted from him. His wildness called to her. He was dangerous when in his element, but soft and caring when it came to her. 
“Tell me you are mine,” he growled. “Tell me.”
“Talon,” she moaned, a denial on her lips, but she knew. In that moment, Liberty knew that there would be no one else. Talon brought out feelings from inside her that had laid dormant since her father had died. She’d pushed away any idea of finding a partner. Her life was the bar. She didn’t know why, but she trusted Talon.
“Please,” he whispered, almost so low she didn’t hear it.
“Yes,” she panted, feeling her sex clamp down on his. “Yes, Talon, I’m yours. Now, fuck me.”
He did exactly what she’d demanded, thrusting into her sex, trying to push her over the edge, but she just couldn’t get there. Something was holding her back.
“Bite me, Talon,” she breathed, turning her head to the side and exposing her neck. “Mark me so that you never have to wonder. I want you to do it. I want to be yours.”
He dropped to his knees with a gasp, pulling his cock free from her body. She scrambled to her knees, dropped to her forearms, and presented her ass in the air, waiting for him to make the final mark. She screamed out when he thrust back inside. Her hair was tangled in his hand and her body was jerked upright. 
“Are you sure?” he growled, his canines almost obscuring his voice to the point he couldn’t be understood, but she knew what he was asking.
“Yes, do it,” she replied, sucking in a breath as he struck.
The bite itself sent her straight into a climax. The pain was sharp in the side of her neck. Talon thrust several more times before his own orgasm caused him to release inside her. The roar that left his human voice rattled the pictures on the wall, but Liberty was too far gone to make sense of anything but the peace and darkness that surrounded her. 



She curled up against Talon’s chest like a small cub as soon as he climbed back onto her bed. He ran his hand over her silky hair, kissing her forehead. He pushed the strands away, revealing the two beautiful marks on her neck. He’d marked her, signaling to other shifters that she was an intended mate, and his chest swelled with pride. Leaning over, he lapped at them, letting his saliva work its way into the wound, healing it faster than her human body would. 
“Talon,” she murmured, nuzzling into his own neck. He wanted to feel her bite, too. He wanted to feel her teeth sinking into his flesh, but he knew that wouldn’t happen…not until he made her what he was. 
“I’m here,” he whispered. “Go to sleep.”
“M‘kay.” She settled down and it didn’t take long before her breathing evened out. Talon kissed the top of her head and slid out of the bed, reaching for his pants. He wasn’t going to leave her, but he had to find Savage and give him orders for the next few hours. If his pack needed him, he’d be close. He would stay with Liberty until morning before heading home to find out what his Guardians had discovered overnight.
He found his shirt downstairs and pulled it over his head. Outside, he made a click sound out of the corner of his mouth. A panther casually walked out of the woods to his left. Savage shifted as soon as he reached the porch.
“Everything okay?” Savage asked, the corner of his lip quirked up into a knowing grin. Talon cringed inwardly, knowing he’d more than likely heard them.
“Everything is fine,” Talon answered in a clipped tone. “I’m staying here until sunrise. When Winter gets home with Nova, I want you two to take off and help where you are needed. Notify me if anyone has any leads on Evie.”
“Yes, alpha,” Savage replied. He was distracted by headlights. Nova pulled up in the blue compact car she shared with Liberty. The thing had seen better days, and Talon made a mental note to get them something a bit more reliable.
“Well, if you are going to walk around here like that,” Nova hummed as she approached the house. “I think I’ll need round the clock protection.” She shook her head and walked past Savage, giving his naked form a once over. 
“Come on,” Savage sighed as Winter approached. “Let’s head out. Boss man is staying here until morning.”
“You’re staying?” Nova asked, raising a brow. 
“With Liberty,” he told her, pulling the screen door open so that Nova could enter ahead of him.
“Winter told me what happened,” Nova said, sobering a bit. “I’m so sorry. If there is anything I can do.”
“Just keep yourself and Liberty safe,” he sighed, leaning against the frame of the door to the kitchen. Nova hung her purse on a peg behind the door and walked over to the sink to wash her hands.
“We carry guns,” she said, plopping down in a chair at the table. 
“A gun will only stop a panther momentarily,” he said, crossing his arms over his chest. His alpha power surged and he knew Nova felt it when she sat up straighter in her seat.
“Doesn’t silver kill your kind?” she asked.
“No,” he laughed. “We are not werewolves.”
“Oh,” she blushed, averting her eyes. “Well, I’m sure if your kind took a bullet to the head, it would stop you for more than a moment.” She glanced up at Talon and smirked, knowing she was right.
“Go on to bed,” he said, shaking his head. “We can talk about other ways to kill me and my people tomorrow.”
“Okay,” she giggled, flicking off the light and heading for the stairs.
Talon checked the locks on the old farmhouse, frowning to himself when he realized they were not sturdy enough to keep out even the weakest of humans. He’d send Winter over during the day to put up some more lighting outside and maybe a state-of-the-art security system.
 

Chapter Ten


Kye had followed the path the two men had taken through their property. This was his second search of the area. They must’ve had a car waiting right at the fence because Evie’s scent ended abruptly at the road. There were no other signs of her or the men who’d taken her. 
No other scents…nothing. 
His panther howled. Evie, I will find you. I promise.
They’d known each other their entire lives. It wasn’t until this past summer when he’d come out of the house and found her walking away from her cabin in a tight tank top and a short denim skirt that he’d really noticed her beauty. He didn’t know if she was his mate or not and the wait was killing him. He loved her…always had, but fate wouldn’t reveal itself for another three years. Three very long years before they would know for sure. 
He’d seen it with other members of the pride. They’d dated during their high school years, but as soon as they came of age, the mating bond hadn’t been there. It tore those relationships apart because there was a mate out there for each and every shifter. Finding that mate was the tricky part. If you were with someone who you loved, or thought you loved, and met your true mate, the feeling you had for the other person wouldn’t even compare. It ripped the hearts out of so many of his kind. Some of the kids his age didn’t even bother to date. They didn’t want to hurt themselves or another person that horribly if they ended up not being their mate.
Evie was different. She was his mate, and he didn’t give a damn what fate said about any of it. His panther accepted her as his own. He had this overwhelming urge to keep her protected, but he’d failed her. Mating instincts and all of that bullshit his brothers spewed was a load of horse shit as far as he was concerned.
“Any luck?” Booth, one of his brother’s Guardians, asked as he approached. Kye was standing next to the road, staring at the spot where Evie’s scent disappeared.
“No,” he said in despair. “I have to find her.”
“It’s okay, son,” Booth whispered, clasping the top of Kye’s shoulder and giving it a reassuring squeeze. “She will be found.”
“My brother doesn’t feel her,” he growled. “I don’t know what that means.”
“It means that she is unconscious, and that is all we are going to take it as,” Booth said. “We have to go, Kye.”
“Let’s find her,” he said, straightening his shoulders.
They followed the path back to her family’s home, slowing down to see if there were any scents or identifying marks they could gather to give them an idea of who had taken the young panther. 
“Wait!” Kye yelled, stopping when something caught his eye. Bending down, he touched the gold chain that was lying in one of the kidnapper’s footprints left in the mud. They’d already checked some of these prints, knowing that whoever had taken Evie was in human form. There were no scents to identify if they were human or shifter.
“Is that Evie’s?” Booth asked, standing to his full height after leaning over to get a better look. 
“Y…yes,” Kye choked, feeling his chest constrict and his heart gallop. He balled his fist tightly as he held onto the only part of Evie that he had left. 
He made a vow in the middle of the forest, “I will find her. I will rip whoever took her to shreds and dance on their souls.”
Kye didn’t hear the Guardian curse behind him as he took off at a dead run toward the main house and his vehicle. He would find her if it was the last thing he ever did.


Chapter Eleven


Liberty woke to the strangest sound and the weirdest sensations. Opening her eyes, she smiled at Talon who was laying snuggled into her naked breasts. The sound was coming from him. He was purring, the soft vibrations were tickling her stomach.
“Wake up, kitty,” she giggled, running her fingers through his hair.
“I’m not a kitty,” he grumbled, nuzzling back into his spot. She reached up and ran her fingers through his hair again and chuckled at the reappearance of his rumbling purr.
“No, you are definitely not.” She smiled.
Before she could say anything else, his phone rang on the nightstand. He quickly scooped it up, barking into it as soon as the call connected. Liberty knew it had something to do with the young girl who’d been taken and she immediately felt bad for letting Talon stay the night.
But things had gotten heated and he…well, he was insatiable, and she ended up falling asleep after the marathon of sex they’d had. 
“I have to go,” he said, breaking into her thoughts.
“Is there anything I can do?” she asked, honestly wanting to help.
“Stay safe,” he ordered, pulling on his jeans. Without his shirt, the defined muscles on his abs called to her eyes and she licked her suddenly dry lips. 
“Okay,” she whispered.
“I’ll come to the bar tonight.” He growled low, his nose flaring as he took in her scent. “You smell like me…I like it.” With nothing more than a brief kiss to her forehead, Talon hurried out of her room. 
She listened for the sound of the front door closing before she found her discarded clothes. She tossed them into the laundry basket and went to take a shower. 
Inside the shower, she ran her hands over her sore muscles. It seemed that everywhere she touched, her body ached in the most delicious way. Between her legs was sore, but not painful. He’d taken her like she was one of his kind, and she accepted that. She also accepted the fact that he was part animal. The smile that played on her lips caused a hysterical bubble of laughter to come up from her throat. He was definitely an animal.
Nova was still asleep when she left for the bar. Today was her baby sister’s afternoon off and a very long night for Liberty. She’d open The Deuce for lunch and work straight through until closing. It was also Friday night. Nova would be in for the late shift to help her with the bar. 
As she stepped off the porch, she saw Winter approaching from the woods. He was human and fully dressed.
“Hey, Winter,” she called out.
“Boss man wants me to go with you to the bar,” he announced. Liberty looked up into his icy blue eyes and noticed how they flickered to the upstairs window…her sister’s window.
“Would you rather stay here?” she asked.
“No, ma’am,” he said, looking down at his feet. “An order is an order. I don’t have a choice. Savage is staying.” She looked over his shoulder, and sure enough, there was a panther laying down on a bed of leaves just inside the tree line beside the house.
“You could’ve told him no,” she chuckled. 
“Not really.” He laughed when Liberty’s eyes hardened. “When an alpha tells you to do something…you do it. There is no rejecting his orders.”
“Seriously?” she gasped. “Like…if he told you to go jump off of a bridge, you’d do it?”
“Yes, ma’am,” he nodded. “But a good alpha would never order one of his pride to intentionally hurt themselves.”
“That’s good to know,” she said, shaking her head slightly as they walked to her car. She looked at Winter, and then her eyes swung to the car. This is going to be like putting a giant in a tin can!
“I need to bring my truck,” he grumbled.
“Sorry.” She shrugged and unlocked the door.
 The bar parking lot was empty. It was an hour before opening when they arrived. Winter went on alert, his eyes scanning everything as they walked to the front door. Liberty grabbed the mail from the box by the door and waited for a nod from her protector. She stuck the key in the lock and pushed the door open. The beep of the alarm ticked off the forty-five seconds she had to get to the pad and plug in the number to deactivate it before the time was up.
Winter moved around the empty bar, checking behind the bar, in closets, and finally the kitchen before meeting her at the door to her office.
“Let me go in first,” he whispered. She remembered not to get close to him. The last time she’d been accidentally touched by another man was a fresh reminder of the pain. She’d learned the hard way not to get close to unmated males.
Two days ago, Nova had to call Talon to the bar because Billy Miller had stumbled into Liberty, wrapping his arms around her in an innocent bear hug. He was just being playful, but the pain was enough to send her to the floor. Talon had rushed to the bar and had entered like a freight train, demanding to know where she was. When he’d entered the office, he had to wrap his large body around hers, letting his touch heal her. It was the best medicine she’d ever had and that made her think of the night before. A blush rose on her cheeks and her lower stomach quivered.
“It’s all clear,” he said, clearing his throat. The panther looked uncomfortable. It took just a second for Liberty to realize he could smell her desire. She really needed to get control of that around these panthers. “I think I’ll go wait out in the bar for your employees. Call if you need anything.” 
“Thank you,” she told him and entered her office. The sound of his heavy boots echoed down the hall as he walked away quickly. 
She set about opening the stack of mail, placing the ones that were bills in one pile and throwing out the junk mail in the can next to her desk. The old desk was her great grandfather’s and was made of solid wood, nothing like the flimsy pieces of furniture you could buy in this day and age. 
“What the hell?” she said aloud, coming across an envelope marked for Talon. There was no return address.
Liberty contemplated calling Talon, but it was addressed to the bar. Tearing it open, she removed the single piece of lined paper, unfolding it to reveal something that sent fear through to her very soul.

The alpha for the girl. 
Meet at the abandoned gas station on Hwy. 309…midnight.

There was no way she could let Talon sacrifice himself for the girl. If he were to disappear, his pride would suffer without his guidance. Evie was well loved by the pride, and even Liberty knew that they wouldn’t send him if they knew this was what the kidnappers wanted. 
Liberty hung her head in her hands, trying to come up with a way for the pride to bring Evie home. The letter gave her hope that the young girl was still alive. She hadn’t called out to Talon since she’d first been taken. Everyone believed that she’d been drugged, and this letter proved to Liberty that their suspicions were more than likely true.
But how were they going to keep Talon from turning himself over? Would his Guardians allow that? She sincerely hoped they would prevent him from doing something that drastic.
Unless? Maybe, just maybe, she could do something to get Evie back to her parents. From what Liberty understood, Evie was a very small female, even for a panther. How long could a child live like that without lasting damage to her young mind?
No, Liberty couldn’t let that child suffer any more than she already had.
A plan formed quickly in her mind…she just needed to get away to make it happen. 



Talon found Kye pacing in the foyer, his boots covered in mud. “What the hell is going on?”
“I need to speak with you,” he growled, his younger brother’s eyes glowing amber.
“Calm, brother,” he said, pushing out his alpha powers to control his panther. When Kye’s shoulders slumped, he knew it was okay to touch the younger male. “Come to my office.”
Talon waited for Kye to remove his boots and then hurry to his office. He knew his brother was holding on by a fine thread, but he needed to not go out on a vengeful campaign to find her. He’d end up getting Evie hurt, along with himself. 
“We will find her,” Talon promised, leaning against his desk. He wanted to be on equal footing with his baby brother. A young panther didn’t have their emotions in check and could lose their temper quickly.
“I need to go…alone,” Kye stated, his voice firm. “I have to find her and I don’t want you to hold me back.”
“You will do as you are told, Kye,” Talon ordered, pushing out his alpha powers, but he also felt a little push back from his brother, who was growing into being an alpha of his own. Someday, Kye would leave and start his own pride in another area. Talon knew this, and would make sure his brother was prepared before letting him go off to lead a group of people.
“Please,” Kye faltered, one knee buckling, and Talon reached out to steady the young man. The anguish in his eyes made Talon’s heart clench in sympathy. The thought of someone taking Liberty would push him into the same mindset.
“You can lead a group to go look for her,” Talon began, but held his hand up for Kye to not run out the door until he was done with his orders. “You do this under the cover of night if you are using your panther to track her scent. In the daylight, you are to stay in human form. We do not want the humans involved.”
“Okay,” he sighed. “I promise.”
“Grab Booth and Dane,” he suggested. “And you are to report back to me anything that you find.”
“I promise,” his brother replied, some of the worry leaving his features. 
“Be safe, brother,” Talon said, giving him an approving nod. “I’m going out with Savage to check the river. I want to see if they are using the cover to the northeast of town.”
“What about to the south of the property?” Kye asked. 
“Why don’t you take that and report back to me,” Talon said, very proud of his brother for making the call. He would’ve checked the uninhabited areas up and down the river himself, but he left part of that open to see what his brother would say. 
“I’m leaving now,” Kye said.
“So am I,” Talon replied.





Chapter Twelve


Talon and Savage walked slowly along the banks of the Coldwater River, using their keen eyesight to look for anything out of the ordinary and their sense of smell for anything familiar. So far, they’d been on foot for a mile and they hadn’t found anything.
The dense vegetation along the river slowed their progress, but eventually it opened up when it skirted a few farmers’ fields that were full of corn, almost ready to be plowed for the season. 
“Wait.” Savage froze, throwing his arm out to stop Talon from taking his next step. “Look.”
Talon squatted down, seeing a broken branch and what looked like a large paw print. There was no scent to prove what his mind was telling him, but he knew. 
“Fucking wolves,” he snarled. 
“That print is too big to be a natural wolf,” Savage observed. “Hell, we don’t even have them in this area.”
“We don’t have werewolves either,” Talon cursed. “Call the Guardians. Warn everyone that we have a problem. Keep the women and children protected.” 
Savage barked orders into the phone while Talon took a moment to get a hold on not only his emotions, but his panther. Never had he wanted someone’s blood as badly he did from these wolves that had taken a child from his land. 
“What about Liberty?” Savage asked.
“I’ll call Winter and we will go to The Deuce,” he said, standing to his full height. He pulled out his phone and took several photos of the print. The damn thing had to have been as wide as his own panther’s paw print. These werewolves were in his territory and that couldn’t be good.
Thinking back, the scent at Liberty’s was…different. It was a panther, he was sure of it, but could he have been wrong? “Tell the Guardians to be on alert. They may be masking their scent somehow.”
It wasn’t humans who’d taken Evie. It’d been wolves, and they were unstable in best of times. He needed to head back to the pride and then check on Liberty.
“Everyone has been alerted,” Savage announced, slipping his phone in his pocket. “What’s the plan, boss?”
“Make sure our females are safe,” he said, turning to his Guardian. “And get Evie back to the pride where she belongs. And let’s pray that we are not too late.”
They were less than a mile from the pride’s property when Talon’s phone rang. 
“Kye?” Talon answered. 
“I found wolf tracks too,” he snarled. “No scent.”
“How many?” Talon asked, afraid to hear the answer.
“Three sets,” Kye cursed, his voice strained.
“Get to the pride,” he ordered. “Now, Kye.”
“I’ll be there shortly,” he promised. “Talon?”
“I know,” he replied, hanging up before his brother had a chance to express his fears. The last thing he needed was to have his brother’s possible mate killed by werewolves. The death of a mate was one of the hardest events in a panther’s life. It was something that was inevitable, and they all knew that at some point age would take the life of the one they loved, but it still sent the one left alive into a depression. If Evie died now, Kye may never know if she was truly his. His brother could go rogue and become unstable. Talon shook the dark thoughts from his mind. He didn’t want to think about having to put his brother down before he was old enough to even live.
As he cleared the wooded area and entered the back yard of his house, the pride had already gathered, their faces grim. The wind picked up, scattering dead leaves across the yard. Talon’s eyes landed on Evie’s parents. Marie wasn’t holding up well and her mate had his arms around her, whispering into her ear. When she looked up into Talon’s eyes, the female squared her shoulders, but the tears still trickled down her face. She wanted to look strong for her alpha, but Talon would not have faulted her for breaking down. He was on edge already as it was.
“I’m sure the Guardians have already informed you that we have found werewolf tracks to the north and south of the property. Their scent is nonexistent. I’m going to say that they have somehow learned to disguise their stench so that we cannot detect them.” 
“Oh God,” Marie trembled.
Talon stepped forward and stood in front of Marie before continuing, “I will find her. This I promise to you and your mate as your alpha.” 
In a move that no one in his pride had ever seen, Talon dropped to his right knee, allowing his canines to grow in his mouth. Lifting his right wrist to his mouth, Marie gasped, but didn’t make a move to stop him as he bit into his vein and held out his arm, letting five drops of his alpha blood land at her feet. “This is my promise as your alpha…your leader. I. WILL. FIND. YOUR. DAUGHTER!” At that, all of the Guardians roared in their agreement, dropping to one knee where they’d been gathered at the alpha’s back.
“Thank you, alpha,” Marie cried, turning her head into her mate’s chest.
“Take your mate to your home,” he ordered, rising to his feet. “I will be in touch.”
He watched as the pride left to return to their homes. He gave orders to the Guardians who were there. Kye shifted nervously as he awaited his orders.
“You are to stay here,” Talon ordered, holding up his hand. “I will have a plan by tonight. I need to check on Liberty.”
“Talon,” Kye choked out. His little brother was on edge. Hell, they all were. 
“No,” he growled, using his authority to get his point across. “I will return shortly and then…we hunt.” The Guardians separated, preparing for the mission to recover one of their own. 
 Talon pulled up to the bar, his eyes scanning the area for anything out of the ordinary. When his eyes landed on the Sheriff’s car parked by the door, he felt his panther lunge forward. That man wanted his Liberty, and Talon would make sure that Sheriff Lynch knew she was off limits.
He didn’t even think twice as he yanked the door open to the bar, causing the patrons to turn sharply toward the noise. Talon’s shoulders filled the door frame, the setting sun sending his shadow out before him into the little entryway of the building. 
“Talon?” Nova asked, walking up to greet him at the door.
“Liberty? Where is she?” he demanded. 
“Ah, she’s in the office,” Nova replied, her eyes wide. “But you need to wait out here.”
“Why?” he snarled, searching for the sheriff. He wasn’t anywhere in the bar.
“She’s talking to Sheriff Lynch,” she admitted, moving out of the way when Talon charged forward. He ignored Nova’s curse and made his way through the bar and down the hallway to the office. 
If that man had his hands on Liberty, the law would have to bury him under the jail, because he’d rip that human to shreds. Just the thought of another male touching his mate sent his panther into a frenzy…demanding blood.
“Talon!” Liberty shouted, holding a hand to her chest as she stood up from her spot behind the desk. Talon searched the office and relaxed slightly when he found the cop standing in the far corner of the room, looking out the window. At the commotion, he’d spun around and removed his gun, pointing it at Talon’s chest. When he realized there was no threat, the cop placed the gun back in its holster at his side.
“Sorry,” Talon mumbled, keeping his mouth closed to hide his thick canines. 
“The Sheriff was just here to talk to me about Terry,” she said, quickly explaining why they were alone in the room.
“I haven’t touched her,” Sheriff Lynch announced, causing Talon to growl low in his throat. “What I’m trying to say is that Liberty explained to me about the mating. I would never do anything to her to cause her pain.”
“Good,” Talon said, narrowing his eyes. “She is mine.” He didn’t want to tell him that he would kill him if he ever hurt his mate.
“I’ll get out of here,” the sheriff offered, heading toward the door. 
“Thank you.” Liberty nodded toward her desk. “I’ll call you if he shows up.”
Sheriff Lynch left the room in a hurry, closing the door. Talon walked over and turned the lock, ensuring no one would be bothering them.
“Everything okay?” he asked, stalking toward his mate…slowly. Her eyes widened, but quickly smoldered when his mating scent drifted across the room.
“Mmhmm,” she hummed, inhaling deep. “Um, Terry…Ah…he’s not allowed here anymore.”
“Good,” he replied, walking around her desk. He froze for a moment when he noticed she was wearing a dress that reached her ankles. Her hips flared just slightly, making the material there pretty snug, and that caused his cock to swell in his jeans.
“You’re wearing a dress,” he observed, licking his lips.
“Oh,” she giggled, looking down at the light blue dress clinging nicely to her lush body. “Yeah, I thought I’d be comfortable today.”
“I like it,” he smirked. “Easier for me to take my mate.”
She yelped when he lifted her up, spinning their bodies so that Liberty was pinned to the wall. His lips found the mark on her neck, and she moaned when his tongue licked over the wounds he’d made there. Her hips rotated, her sex rubbing against the hardness behind the fly of his jeans.
“Your tongue is rough,” she moaned, tilting her head back as he traced a path from the mating mark to her jaw, and then to her lips. 
“My panther,” he growled around his partially shifted mouth. 
Liberty didn’t reply as his tongue pressed forward, claiming her mouth. Talon could taste his own mating scent when he kissed Liberty, and that just urged him forward. With one hand, he pulled the long dress up, gathering it at her hips that were tipped to keep her legs wrapped tightly around his waist. He unsheathed one claw and managed to rip her panties just enough to so that he could grasp them in his hands, tearing the shredded material from her body. Her arousal hit him full force as she deepened the kiss.
Her hands tightened on the tops of his shoulders as she rubbed herself against his body. Talon reached between them, tracing the wet folds of her sex with his finger. “You are already so wet for me.”
“Always,” she moaned. “Please, Talon?”
“Don’t ever beg me, mate,” he ordered, releasing the button and zipper on his jeans. His cock sprang free and found its way home, buried deep inside his mate. His Liberty. 
Her channel tightened and released him as he thrust deep, taking her almost savagely. He didn’t want to accidentally release his full power on her. He had to keep remembering that she was human.
“I’m not going to break, Talon,” she panted, kissing a path from his lips, over his jaw, and finally to behind his ear. He felt his cock swell inside her, but he held back. He was enjoying her warmth wrapped around him too much to let it end that quickly.
“You feel so good,” he purred, stretching his neck. He wanted her bite. Talon wanted to feel her canines break his skin…to feel her accepting his blood in their mating ritual. “Fuck!”
“Talon…please,” Liberty panted, leaning back against the wall. “I need…”
He didn’t have to be told what she needed. He reached between them, adding pressure to her clit. “Come for me, mate.” His voice was deep, his canines making the sound deadlier, but Liberty didn’t scare that easy. 
“Yessss!” she breathed, her sex milking him. The moment she began to scream with her release, his mouth crashed down on hers, swallowing the sound. He didn’t want anyone hearing her pleasure. That sound was meant only for him.
“Shhh,” he whispered, feeling her shivering in his arms. He let his cock slide from her body, but kept her in his arms as he took a seat in her office chair. Liberty curled up on his lap and melted against his chest.
“You can come to my work anytime,” she giggled. When she raised her face, he leaned in and kissed her softly.
“I’ll be by tomorrow,” he said, then winked.
“Let me clean up,” she said, unfolding herself from his lap. She quickly washed up and returned to the office. 
She pulled him from the chair. “Are you hungry?” she asked, walking toward the door.
“For you,” he smirked, “Always.”
“Come on, big guy,” she laughed, and the sound was like music to his ears. This beautiful woman was his…he knew that now. 
He stopped her in the hallway by pulling her back to his chest. Lifting her face with just a crooked finger, he captured her lips in a kiss that seared his very soul. 



“Hey, Nova,” Liberty called out, catching her sister as she left the kitchen.
“What’s up?” Nova paused. “Are you okay? You don’t look well.”
This was going to be easier than she thought. “I don’t feel all that great. Do you mind closing up?”
Talon had left hours before. There was going to be a search party sent out to find Evie. She just hoped that she could get to the young female before they got their hands on Talon. She kept telling herself that if he was gone, his pride would suffer. She knew this was the right thing to do.
“No,” she said, squeezing Liberty’s hand. “Go on. I got this. I’ll have Winter take me home.” Shit! She forgot about Savage being at the house. Maybe she could get to the meeting place before they realized she was missing.
“Thank you,” she said, grabbing her sister into a tight hug. “I love you, Nova.”
“Um, I love you, too,” she replied, looking at Liberty like she’d just sprouted a purple nose. “Have you been drinking Moe’s homemade hooch again?”
“No!” she scolded. “Nova!”
“Sorry,” her sister chuckled. “Go on home.”
Liberty hurried out the door. She had thirty minutes to get to the place where the note said to meet. She checked the gun at her side as soon as she locked herself in the car. She had a clip full of ammo and a prayer. Hopefully, they would have Evie and she could trade herself for the young girl. Liberty squeezed her eyes closed, pushing away the horrors she imagined could have happened to the girl. 
She started the car and pulled out of the bar slowly, taking the road north toward the main highway. As soon as she was far enough away, Liberty pressed hard on the pedal, hoping she wasn’t making a mistake.
No, she wasn’t. She knew in her heart that this was the right thing to do.
As she turned into the lot, there were no cars waiting. She breathed a sigh of relief that she had actually arrived before the people who had kidnapped Evie. She put the car in park and went to reach for her gun, but the door was ripped open and she was yanked from the car. Her foot caught in the seatbelt and she screamed when she felt a pop, causing searing pain to radiate up her leg.
“Where’s the alpha?” a man hollered. 
“Let me go!” Liberty yelled, reaching at her hip for her gun. She slid the cold metal free and jammed the business end of the weapon into the man’s gut. “You heard me!”
“Unless you have silver bullets in that gun,” he paused to laugh, “You won’t hurt me. Go ahead…pull the trigger, bitch.”
“Fuck you,” she snarled, pulling the trigger…twice. To Liberty’s astonishment, the man hissed, but remained upright, his hold on the back of her shirt never easing up.
“You’re going to regret that,” he growled, punching her in the eye. 
Don’t pass out! Don’t pass out! She kept repeating the demand in her head, but her vision narrowed. Her body hit the ground and the gun was jerked from her hand by a man twice her size. He leaned over her and she could barely make out his features.
His unshaven face reminded her of a grizzly bear, but his eyes glowed yellow like Talon’s when he was close to shifting. This man’s eyes didn’t hold any friendliness…only hatred.
“Where’s the girl?” she yelled. “You promised to bring her.”
“Not a promise,” he sneered, grabbing Liberty by the back of her neck. “Come on, little cat. We have places to go.”
She didn’t correct him. If he thought Liberty was a shifter, maybe he would go easy on her. She knew how fragile a human was in shifter’s eyes. If this man knew she wasn’t one of his kind, he’d kill her for sure.
She struggled as the man drug her across the lot. There was an old brown pickup truck with a cover over the bed. As he approached, another man slid out of the driver’s side, walked quickly to the back of truck, and dropped the tailgate.
“Who the fuck is this?” he snarled. This second man was even more haggard looking than the guy pulling her. Thankfully, he dropped her to the ground, but when Liberty tried to scurry away, the man put his booted foot on her chest. 
“That dumbass panther sent a woman to handle his business,” he laughed in disgust. “Give me the tape. Their females are harmless. A little duct tape will hold her.”
The other man tossed the first guy the tape and leaned against the truck while the one that seemed to be the leader wrapped her wrists behind her back and then restrained her ankles.
“Grab her feet,” he ordered. The other man did as he was told, but Liberty wasn’t going out like that. She’d seen a house up the road and tried to scream loud enough to get someone’s attention.
The moment he touched the bare skin on her broken ankle, Liberty screamed out again from the burning pain from the male touching her. He didn’t seem to care that he was touching a mated female, and that alone sent her fear up about a thousand notches.
“Damn, she’s loud,” the second man cringed. “Want me to tape her face?”
“Hell, yes,” the first guy answered. 
She struggled as hard as she could as he moved forward with a strip of the tape, slapping her face a little harder than was necessary. Liberty’s eye was already swollen closed and the side of her cheek burned from his rough handling.
They tossed her into the bed of the truck as if she was nothing more than a sack of potatoes. The engine started and the vehicle lurched forward, sending Liberty rolling towards the tailgate. She tried to keep her mind straight, paying close attention to the turns the truck made so she could possibly get away and tell the police where they’d taken her. She only hoped they were taking her to the same place they were holding Evie.
She didn’t know how long she’d been in the back of the truck, but by the time it stopped, Liberty thought maybe twenty minutes had passed. The tailgate dropped and both men reached in for her. They’d gone down a bumpy road for quite a while, and her body throbbed from all of the jarring of the journey. 
Liberty had hoped they’d taken her up into Memphis so she could find some sort of landmark, but when her one eye cleared, she realized they’d probably gone east or south. They’d taken her to a wooded area. Everything was pitch black, there was only a faint yellow glow in the distance.
“Come on, bitch,” the guy who she’d shot said, waiting for the other man to grab her feet.
She was rendered speechless and unable to move around because of the tape. They’d wrapped her wrists and ankles several times. 
Soon they entered a tiny cabin, tossing her onto a mat on the floor. Liberty struggled to sit up and when she finally did, she cried out in horror. Evie was laying on a mat next to hers. The girl’s short blonde hair was covered in blood and she was laying there in a daze, her eyes glazed over. She was panting heavily. 
Liberty started screaming when she realized they’d clamped some sort of collar around Evie’s throat. The material was thick and the inside was impregnated with several sharp spikes. Tiny pricks of blood had dried beneath the collar. It didn’t take a rocket scientist to realize they’d placed it on the girl to keep her from shifting. Because if she did, the spikes would kill her instantly.
“Drug her,” the one she had shot commanded, pulling his bloodied shirt over his head. Liberty’s eyes widened when she saw that the two bullet holes were now closed over. Whoever this man was, he sure as hell wasn’t human.
The other man retrieved a bag from behind the old wooden door. He took three steps to reach her. She frantically looked around the small room, hoping to find a way to save her and the girl. She had to get out of there.
“I’m going to drug you,” he taunted, uncapping a syringe. Liberty bucked and swung her restrained legs over to try to knock the needle out of his hand, but the man was quicker. “It’s going to be fun playing with you.”
The needle sunk into her leg, causing tears to well in her eyes. She struggled for another minute before her vision dimmed and everything went dark.
 

Chapter Thirteen


“Boss, we have a problem,” Winter told him, sounding panicked.
“What is it?” he demanded. If another man had touched Liberty, he was going to kill the son of a bitch.
“Liberty’s gone,” he replied.
“What?” he roared, standing up from his seat behind the desk. He grabbed his keys and rushed toward the front of the house.
“Nova said she wasn’t feeling well,” he started to explain. Talon had already started his truck and was backing out of his spot from in front of the house within seconds of the call. “She went home, but when we got here, her car was gone. Savage hadn’t seen her come home, but we’ve searched the land and the house for her. She’s not there.”
“I’ll be there in five,” he growled. “Protect Nova.”
“Hurry, alpha,” he added, his voice choking up. 
It was after one in the morning when he arrived at the old farmhouse not too far from his own property. His truck slid sideways as he slammed on the brakes in the gravel driveway. Nova was on the porch, sitting in a rocking chair, covered with a thick quilt. Her eyes were glistening with tears. As soon as he stepped out of the truck, she came running toward him. He grabbed her and let his alpha power loose to console the human female.
“She’s gone, Talon,” Nova cried. “Please find my sister.”
“I will find her,” he promised, looking over Nova’s shoulder at Winter and Savage who were just coming up from the side of the house. Both men were pulling shirts over their heads.
“Anything?” Talon asked.
“Nothing,” Winter said, shaking his head. “Her scent is old. She hasn’t even been here for at least twelve hours.”
“Let’s get inside,” he directed, looking down at Liberty’s baby sister. He didn’t want her out in the open. He had to protect her as if she were one of his females. 
As he stepped on the porch, his phone rang from its place in his front pocket. Talon’s heart raced, hoping that it was Liberty, but frowned at the screen when it was his healer.
“Harold?” he answered.
“Alpha,” Harold growled. “I found your mate’s car. It’s at the old abandoned gas station on highway 309, south of the interstate.”
“Any sign of Liberty?” he asked, trying to hold on to whatever sanity he had left. Nova gasped and turned, looking up at him as if he had the answer she needed. 
“It doesn’t look good,” Harold began. “The car door has been torn open and her shoe was lying next to the back tire. Boss…there’s blood.”
“Son of a bitch!” he roared.
“That’s not all, Talon,” the healer said. It wasn’t like Harold to call his alpha by his first name, so whatever he knew…it had to be bad.
“What?” Talon demanded.
“It’s the wolves,” Harold answered. “Their scent is all over this lot.”
“Fuck!” he shouted, his heart plummeting into his stomach. “I’m on my way!”
“I’ll wait for you,” he stated. “Just in case.”
“I’ll be there in fifteen minutes.” Talon hung up the phone and his panther shoved forward, causing him to stumble into Winter. 
“Steady,” Winter urged.
“Winter, stay with Nova,” he ordered. “Savage, call Noah and Booth…have them meet us. Tell them to hurry.”
Nova was rushed into the house by Winter. Savage didn’t speak after he called the two men, climbing into the passenger side of Talon’s truck. They turned south, choosing to take the back roads over instead of the highway. They needed to stay out of sight. The last thing they needed was to have the local police involved in shifter business.
Harold was pacing next to Liberty’s car when they arrived, his already disheveled hair was in a mess on his head. He approached the truck and stopped Talon from rushing to where she had last been before she was taken from him.
“It’s a small amount of blood,” he said, shaking his head. “It looks as though she may have been dragged to an awaiting truck. There are tire marks leading out of the lot.”
“Show me,” Talon demanded.
Sure enough, there were two marks that looked like a body had been dragged about thirty feet. Where they ended, a faint outline of a body was right next to the beginnings of tire tracks. A small amount of blood stained the white rocks that made up the parking lot of the old building.
“They turned south out of here,” Winter observed, looking down the road. “That road leads toward the Holly Springs National Forest.”
“Do you know how many old hunting shacks are in that forest?” Talon growled in frustration. “That’s a lot of land to cover.”
“We could call in the pride,” Harold suggested.
Talon’s phone chirped with an incoming message. He quickly removed it from his pocket, his heart seizing in his chest when he read the text from an unknown number.

Your females are being held in a cabin at the end of Evans Road. Hurry…

“Who sent that?” Winter asked.
“I have no idea, but we have to go now,” Talon warned, jumping into his truck. He knew exactly where they were being held. Who would’ve sent that message? 
Harold was ordered to stay close, in case he was needed, but not to go any further in than the main road leading down to the cabin. There was only one way in and out by car. If they could keep these wolves in the cabin, they’d be as good as dead. 



“Wake up, little kitty,” the man chuckled. Liberty had been pretending to sleep ever since the drugs had worn off earlier. Earlier could’ve been an hour ago or ten minutes ago. She was still too groggy to really tell any sort of time. She only knew that the sun wasn’t up and she prayed that she hadn’t been out for an entire day already.
“Boss said we have to keep that one alive, Lenny,” the other man, the one she’d shot, smiled. The few teeth he still had were stained and she felt her stomach revolt at the thought of the man touching her. If she’d only told Talon…No! She couldn’t think like that. It was best that she gave herself. The pride needed him.
A lone tear slipped out of her eye, and she knew that the men would see it. She tested the tape at her wrists and ankles. It was still there, and her ankle throbbed horribly. The skin they’d touched was still burning like it was on fire, but she wouldn’t cry out. She wouldn’t give them the satisfaction of hearing her screams.
“Wake up!” Lenny yelled, kicking her in the ribs. Liberty couldn’t hold in that scream of pain. It could be heard clearly through the tape over her mouth the moment she felt a snap in her side. She tried to control her breathing, but it suddenly became harder to get air into her lungs. “There she is…so pretty.”
“Don’t touch her!” Evie hollered, startling the two men. They scrambled up from their spots, Lenny grabbing another syringe.
“Drug them both before one of them calls out to their alpha,” the other man ordered.
Liberty’s eyes met Evie’s, pleading with her to do whatever she had to do to get a message to Talon, but the man injected her before Evie could take another breath. As the young girl slumped to the floor, her lips moved as if she were trying to talk, but there was no sound. 
Liberty had to stop and think hard about how the hell she was going to get free. The other man circled the child, sneering at her as if she were the most repulsive thing he’d ever seen. 
“Let me have a go at the alpha’s bitch?” Lenny begged, moving toward Liberty and ripping off the tape across her mouth. She squirmed, wiggling her hands. The tape slipped against her left wrist and she felt a thrill of excitement course through her veins. If she could just get one of her hands free, she could…well, what could she do? These two men had obviously disarmed her quickly. She’d have to think about a way out for her and Evie, because she doubted the child had had a chance to call out for Talon. She didn’t know how that was done, and she really wished she’d asked Talon about that during their discussions about his kind.
“Fuck you,” Liberty spat.
Lenny lunged at Liberty. She screamed as the needle jammed into her arm. Within seconds, she felt the effects of the drugs racing through her bloodstream. Her eyes watered and everything slowed. She felt hands at her sides, on her legs, but she didn’t really care. For a second, she thought she felt cool air, but at that point, she was too far gone to understand anything that was going on around her. She was floating on a cloud…all of the noises around her were suddenly gone. She smiled into the darkness that took her into the most peaceful sleep.


Chapter Fourteen


Talon’s panther snarled, pushing his legs further into the forest where the old hunting cabin sat that Liberty was being held in along with Evie. The werewolves who’d taken them both would forfeit their lives for touching a mate and a child. He just prayed he wasn’t too late.
“Hold up, alpha,” Booth warned, placing a calming hand on his shoulder. “It could be a trap.” They’d stopped just inside the tree line that was cleared out for the cabin when it had been built many years ago. There was plenty of cover remaining this deep in the woods this early in the fall. They’d use the brush to their advantage.
“It could be, but I have to get them,” Talon growled and pushed forward, but was held back by several hands of his pride. The touch of his people seeped through his human skin, warming his very soul. They were here…they were going to help.
“We have to go easy,” Savage whispered. “If you go charging in there, the girls could be hurt or even killed.”
“I have to get to her,” Talon cried, his panther waging war with his human. Now he knew the anger and the fear that his baby brother felt when he had wanted to go off on his own to find Evie.
“Okay,” Savage nodded toward the other panthers. “Dane and Noah. Take the back window, and one of you stay outside while the other goes in on mine and Talon’s signal. We will take the front door. Keep your heads low.” Talon and Savage waited until the other two were in position. 
“I’m going to shift,” Savage whispered, quickly shedding his clothes. Talon thought about stopping him, but chose not to. His panther…the alpha wanted to shift and take these werewolves in his animal form, but if they'd touched Liberty, she’d need his touch to heal her. The thought of those dogs touching her sent his heart into a galloping frenzy. 
A nudge to his hand had him looking down at his Guardian, and he knew that Savage could feel his anxiety. It was time to go after his mate.
“Let’s get them,” he snarled before rushing forward, letting out a shout as his shoulder made contact with the door, sending flying wood inward and startling the two men who were sitting at a small table by the door.
One man howled, his clothes ripping from his body as he shifted into a jet black wolf. His eyes glowed orange, foam gathering at the corner of his muzzle. The other man pulled a gun, his hand shaking as he swung it around the room, unsure of where to point the weapon.
Talon’s eyes found the two girls. Evie was unconscious and Liberty was curled into a ball on her side, not moving. The dress she’d been wearing earlier that day was shredded, and blood and bruises marred her back where she’d been beaten by the wolves. His body exploded in a fit of anger and black fur when he saw that she was naked from the waist down. The thought of the enemy seeing his mate bare sent him into a frenzy. Her shredded dress had been pushed up around her waist, but she was still covered by her underwear. Only one strap was left intact over her right shoulder. There was blood everywhere.
 “Nooooooo!” he raged through his partially shifted voice, the rafters of the old cabin shaking from the sound. He welcomed the change as his panther took over. His eyes set on the man who’d shifted.
As he prowled forward, his panther roared and then all hell broke loose. Savage lunged for the man with the gun, taking him down by pinning him by the throat, but he didn’t make the kill.
That was Talon’s right…to take the shifter’s life for touching the mate of an alpha…and for taking an innocent child.
The wolf in front of him growled, his hackles raised. Talon’s panther let out a sound that was more like a sarcastic laugh. If this wolf thought he’d get through Talon…he was going to be sorely disappointed. The mutt had no idea the kind of hell he was about to rain down on him. Death would be a blessing.
The wolf shifted to his left, his eyes flickering toward Liberty. Talon wasn’t going to wait to see what he had planned. His panther leapt the short ten feet that separated them, grabbing the wolf around the back of his neck, feeling satisfaction when he tasted the first coppery drops of the wolf’s blood. 
He felt his men moving behind him, checking on the females. No one could touch Liberty, but they would get Evie to safety. He had to kill this son of a bitch so he could take care of his mate and his pride.
Enough of this! Playtime is over! His human side pushed forward, demanding the panther finish this.
Sharp claws ripped into the side of the wolf, pushing him on his side. One well-placed bite to the wolf’s throat ended his life in a wretching gurgle of blood as he took his last breath, slumping to the floor. He remained in his wolf form, making it that much easier to dispose of the body later.
The panther licked at the blood around his mouth as he walked toward his mate, enjoying the savage way the enemy was terminated. They were predators…it was their nature to enjoy the kill.
But the moment his panther took in his mate’s appearance, trembling on the floor, her body damaged…he lost it all over again.
His beast was huge, staring down at the woman who was unconscious on the ground. A might roar escaped his lips, the aroma of his mating scent mixed with her blood permeated the cabin. Other panthers from his pride gathered around, two in panther form were whimpering and pacing, unsure if their leader would let them close enough to give aid if needed. He was angry, fierce…ready to destroy whoever had harmed the precious woman that he loved. Yes, loved. Liberty had sacrificed herself to save the life of one of his pride. How could he not love her?
His eyes shifted to the man that was still being pinned by his Guardian. This wolf would pay for the damage inflicted on his mate. Talon stalked him, ignoring the man’s cries for help.
“I was told to do it,” he whimpered, trying to back away, but Savage held him strong, blood seeping from his throat where the panther kept him pinned.
Talon didn’t hesitate to pounce, his claws digging into the man’s chest. Savage stepped back, letting his alpha deal out justice to the man who’d dared touch his mate. His mouthed opened, a mighty roar burst forth out of his throat only seconds before he clamped his teeth around the man’s neck. One bite ended the kidnapper’s life.
He shifted, taking his naked body and wrapping it around her. He knew it was imperative to touch every inch of her body. The scent of werewolves burned his senses, and he growled when he rolled her to face him. 
Liberty’s face was battered, one eye completely swollen shut. The bruising was severe, and it killed him to see how she’d been abused. She had claw marks on her neck, her blood painted her beautiful skin a deep crimson. 
“Please, baby,” Talon begged. “Wake up…wake up.”
“Nooo,” she screamed, kicking out against an invisible threat. Her uninjured eye tried to open, but it was so glazed over from the drugs they’d injected her with, she probably couldn’t see him if she tried.
“It’s me…Talon,” he called out to her, pushing out his voice so that she would surely hear him. 
“T…Talon?” she stuttered, her body beginning to shake from the shock of her injuries.
“Yes, love,” he purred, letting the vibrations seep into her body.
“I’m sorry,” she cried, closing her eyes.
The shaking didn’t stop as he held her close. She opened her mouth to speak again and Talon froze. Blood oozed out of the corner of her dried and cracked lips. A moment later, a steady stream poured. Liberty gasped for air, but she couldn’t seem to get enough. Her lungs gurgled as she fought for every breath.
“Get the doc!” he yelled. “Hang on, Liberty. Help is coming.”
“Talon?” Noah gasped in shock, looking over his brother’s body at Liberty’s face. “Shit! Doc is close. Just keep her warm.”
“Not going anywhere,” he said, squeezing his eyes tight to hold in the tears of fear. Fear that they would be too late to save his mate.
Harold rushed in the door with a curse. He was already applying latex gloves so that his touch wouldn’t cause Liberty any more pain than she was already experiencing.
“Alpha? May I give aid to your mate?” he asked, standing off to the side.
“Please!” Talon, despite all of his instincts, released his hold over Liberty and allowed the healer to check over his mate.
Harold dropped to his knees and began checking her over. His hand froze when he placed the stethoscope over her heart. His brow furrowed and Talon growled, knowing that he’d found something wrong.
“Her heart is weak,” he announced, looking up into Talon’s eyes. What he saw in the healer’s eyes caused panic to rise up inside him. “Her lungs are filling with blood.”
“No,” he whispered.
“If you want to save her,” Harold started to instruct, “You have to force the change on her.”
“Force?” he snarled. “What the hell are you talking about?”
“She’s too weak to take your blood.” He swallowed hard. “You will have to force it down and it won’t be pleasant for her, Talon. She may not accept it.”
Talon’s eyes landed on his mate. Liberty was broken, laying on that mat. She’d been brutalized, and he couldn’t even think about what else those dogs had done to her. He couldn’t let her die. He couldn’t lose his heart. 
“Tell me what I have to do,” he ordered.
As the doctor explained the procedure, Talon kept his eye on the woman he loved. Her skin was getting paler by the second, her breathing shallower. 
“You have to make sure you slice your vein…deep,” the doctor said. “Pinch her nose so that she will hopefully swallow your blood. Don’t let her aspirate on the blood.”
“Okay,” he whispered, feeling his pride at his back. 
She would probably hate him, but he couldn’t let her go. With a roar, he sliced into his right wrist, twisting it so that it laid over her mouth. She didn’t make a move to open her lips, his blood trickled down the sides of her face, mixing with her own blood. He pinched her nose, and counted the seconds. She still didn’t move to open her mouth.
Maybe he was too late.
Maybe she was already gone.
His world...
His life…
His mate…

Chapter Fifteen


Evie cried as she was lifted from the backseat of the truck. Her father’s arms were strong and sure as he rushed her to the house. Her mother, Marie, stood there with her hand over her mouth, sobbing hysterically.
“I’m okay, mother,” she whispered, trying to suppress the tears. She’d cried all the way back from the cabin. She’d hoped that Kye would be the one who found her, but it was his brother, her alpha.
“What can we get you, darling?” her father asked.
“Water,” she begged. 
“You need to shift,” her father said. “You need to heal.”
“I know, and I will,” she promised. Evie hadn’t known who the woman was that was held captive with her in that cabin, but the Guardians had explained everything on the way back to the pride. Her name was Liberty, and she was the alpha’s intended mate. More tears escaped her eyes when she realized that poor woman probably wasn’t going to make it out of there alive. 
“Water first,” he ordered, rushing out of the room. When he turned to leave, Evie’s mother stepped forward.
“I’m so sorry, momma,” she sniffled. “They kept me so drugged up that I couldn’t call out for the alpha.”
“We know, sweetheart,” Marie cooed, stroking the dirty hair away from her face.
Evie turned on her side, wondering where Kye was and why he wasn’t there. A lone tear escaped her eye and she didn’t even have the energy to wipe it away.
“He’s on his way,” her father said, entering the room with several bottled waters. Her father knew about her love of the alpha’s little brother.  They’d warned her that there was no way to tell if Kye was her mate.  They’d even tried to keep them apart when her parents realized that the two of them were in love.  
“Who?” she asked, tucking her head into the covers…afraid that her desires for the young panther would not be coming true.
“Kye, honey,” her mother smiled. “He was told to stay behind. The alpha didn’t know what condition he’d find you in, and he didn’t want to risk his brother going feral.”
“He would never hurt me,” she said, taking the bottled water and draining it in several gulps.
“I would cut off my own arms before ever laying a hand on your daughter,” Kye vowed from the doorway.
When their eyes met, Evie cried harder, trying to push herself out of the bed, but she was too weak. She just wanted to feel his arms around her. She wanted him to help her…to keep her safe.
“We will leave you two alone,” Marie stated, pushing her husband out of the room.
“Evie,” Kye barely choked out, holding back his own tears.
“Kye,” she cried weakly. Her arms were too tired to hold them out to him and her legs were too wobbly to hold herself up to run to him. “Please touch me…hold me?”
“Anything,” Kye vowed, rushing forward. Evie buried her face into his neck while great sobs wracked her body. 
“Don’t ever let me go,” she begged, absorbing his warmth and his strength. That strength was something she was going to need until she could get over the nightmare she’d lived for the past few days.
“Never,” he promised, pressing his lips to her forehead. “I have something that belongs to you.”
“W…What?” she stammered, trying to control her tears. Having his touch was helping more than she ever thought it would. Having Kye’s warmth around her, she actually felt like she might be able to overcome anything.
He opened his hand, but frowned, “I found your necklace and had it fixed.”
“Oh,” she gasped, a genuine smile spreading across her face. “Thank you.”
“Are you healed enough for me to put it on you?” he asked, his eyes flashing amber at the bloody marks on her neck.
“I don’t care,” she whispered. “You gave me that for my birthday last year. I would rather have it on where it belongs. Please?”
“Anything for you,” Kye smiled, carefully clasping the golden chain behind her head. He touched the chain as it rested at her collarbone, causing Evie to sigh softly.
“I need a shower,” she frowned. “But I don’t want you to leave.”
Her best friend and the boy that she’d loved for as long as she could remember, leaned over and kissed her forehead. “I will stay as long as you want me here, Evie girl.”
“Then I may never ask you to leave,” she replied.
“You need to shift.” He frowned, fingering the necklace as he held her close.  “If you’d like, I’ll shift with you.”
“I’m so tired,” she whispered, nuzzling into his shirt.  God, he smelled like home and safety.  Why were their kind so cruel?  Why did she have to wait until they were of age to proclaim their mate status?  She knew in her heart that they were destined to be together.  There was no other man she wanted.  
“I’m going to carry you outside,” he announced, sliding carefully off the side of the bed.  Evie winced as he slid his arm under her shoulders.  His other arm secured her body under her knees. “Tell me if I hurt you.”
“You can’t hurt me any more than I’ve already been hurt,” she said, tears gathering in her eyes.
Kye scowled, releasing his hold.  She wanted to protest, but decided that she’d rather stay in bed anyway.  Shifting could wait for another time.  Maybe after Evie had eaten she’d have enough strength to shift.
“What did they do to you?” he asked, stroking a piece of hair behind her ear.  “Please tell me.”
“They didn’t touch me,” she answered, closing her eyes.  They quickly popped back open when the visions of her captors appeared.  “They threatened to, though.”
“Oh, baby,” Kye said, wrapping his arms around her for comfort. “We will get through this,” he vowed.  “I will be here every step of the way.”
“Okay,” she answered, unsure if there would ever be a time that she didn’t remember the way she’d been treated.  
“Come,” he said, after a few moments of quiet.  His strong arms scooped her up, Evie’s hands clasped around his neck automatically.  Kye nodded to her father as he made his way through the house.  Her brother snarled from the couch, but Evie’s mother scolded him.  She was thankful no one in the house stopped Kye from caring for her. 
“Can you undress?” Kye asked, a slight blush creeping into his cheeks.
“Yes,” she answered, then smiled at him.  
“I’ll meet you here,” Kye promised, stepping around the side of the house.  
Evie quickly removed her clothes, draping them across the large shrub in the yard.  She dropped to her knees and let the change take over.  Her panther roared at finally setting itself free.  The cat had wanted those wolves’ blood, but it knew that shifting with that collar on would’ve killed them both.  
Evie stood on steady legs, the panther’s healing power taking over her human body. A few of her ribs had been broken, but she felt them mend as she waited for Kye to shift.
A purr reached her ears before she saw him.  That sound was one that Evie had known since they’d first shifted a few years ago.  It was Kye’s panther’s way of greeting her cat.
He walked cautiously toward her, his large paws barely making any noise as he approached.  The moment he was close, Evie’s panther rubbed her face against his, absorbing his scent and the feel of his fur.  She was finally home.  
A lone tear escaped the panther’s eye where the love of her life couldn’t see.





A panther snarled deep in the forefront of Liberty’s mind. She must be dreaming, because it felt like there was something feral fighting for space in her mind. Her body felt warm, content. There was soft bedding around her body and she inhaled deeply when she caught a familiar scent. Her body tingled, an unknown desire to find that scent overcame her, but she was just so tired. She wanted to reach out for that safety…the scent…the panther.
Mmmm, mate! 
What? Where did that come from? Her mind froze. What the hell was going on with her? She felt weird…different.
Testing her body, she pointed her toes and frowned when her back arched in the process. Damn, she was really warm. Her body stretched lazily, the sound of fabric ripping confused her. 
She blinked once…twice. She was in a room that smelled strongly of Talon. Looking around, she saw she was in a large space, dark brown furniture everywhere. The bed she was on sat high off the floor and she was surrounded by dark blue fabric. 
A flash of black fur had Liberty looking down. Her heart began to race when she saw a panther’s paw. Her mind struggled to accept whatever the hell was going on. That paw turned into a hind leg, which moved when she willed it to move. 
She jumped when she realized that panther’s paw was actually her human foot. The panther scrambled backwards, banging into the headboard before falling off the bed into a heap on the floor. 
The other voice in her head snarled, demanding calm, but Liberty was far from calm.
He changed me into a panther!
When she tried to stand on all four paws, she slipped on the hardwood floor, smashing her hip into the nightstand. Her heart pounded as she backed herself into the corner. Her claws caught in the curtains and she yelped when they crashed to the floor.
The door opened and Talon rushed in, his face masked with worry. He froze in the doorway, a beautiful smile spreading across his face. Liberty’s human sighed. She’d never seen him smile like that, and it did funny things to her heart.
“Liberty,” he said cautiously. His hands raised in a defensive manner. “You’re okay. It’s a little confusing at first.”
Confusing? She wanted to glare at him, but instead, her panther snarled and tried to move forward. Her front paws held firm, but her butt hit the floor again when her back legs slid out from underneath her. God, she probably looked like an idiot.
“Easy,” he urged, stepping forward.
Easy? Easy! I’m a fucking panther! 
“Woah,” he said, stopping when she finally got her legs steady and moved forward, her panther stalking him as if he were prey.
“I had to turn you,” he answered her warning growl. “I know you can hear me.”
In response, she roared and used her new claws to swipe at his leg, slicing his jeans at the shin. She was so angry at him right now. 
“Hey, you little hellcat!” he barked.
A sudden wave of power overcame her, forcing her to her belly. It felt familiar, but stronger. It was his alpha powers, and she had to obey him…she couldn’t fight back against him. Liberty remembered Talon explaining that a newly turned panther had to learn to control their emotions. Their tempers could get the better of them until the human side found a balance with the panther side of who she was now. Her panther snarled inside her head, but Liberty’s human side pushed harder, calming the cat slightly. 
“Shift,” he growled, his eyes glowing amber. 
Shift? How the hell do I do that? Liberty’s panther whined, leaving her defenseless as sensations overcame her. 
Liberty’s body convulsed, sending her back to the floor in a heap of black fur. Her bones screamed in pain as they reshaped, molding themselves back into their human form. A deep sounding moan released from her throat as her canines recessed back into her gums. Tears leaked from her human eyes as she curled herself into a ball. Strong arms lifted her from the floor and placed her on the bed, covering her naked body that was suddenly cold.
“It’ll be easier the next time,” Talon offered.
“There won’t be a next time,” she complained, shaking her head. “That hurt like hell.”
“I know, love,” he purred, the vibrations soothing her more than ever before. She laid there for several minutes, listening to the soft vibrations coming from his chest. His warmth seeped into her aching body and she closed her eyes in bliss.
“Why?” she asked after several minutes. 
“I couldn’t let you die,” he answered, reaching over to stroke her hair, pushing it behind her ear. She inhaled his scent and purred in response. “You are beautiful.”
“Oh my God, Evie!” she squealed, trying to sit up in the bed, but fell on her back with a groan.
“She’s fine, thanks to you.” He scowled. “But if you ever overstep me and go off on your own to rescue one of our pride, I will punish you.”
“You wouldn’t,” she gasped, sitting up straighter in the bed. Talon moved back slightly, but didn’t offer any help. He watched her carefully, allowing Liberty to move freely.
“I will blister your tail, Liberty Raines,” he growled. “I found that note in your car.”
“I couldn’t let you die,” she replied, giving him the same answer that he’d given her.  The very thought of Talon not existing caused a knot to form in her throat.  
“Don’t ever do that again,” he ordered, but his powers didn’t pulse with his demand. “I’m serious, Liberty.  Our pride would’ve brought her home.”
“Wait,” she snapped, stopping him from threatening any more bodily harm. Although the thought of him spanking her playfully sent an ache low in her belly. “You said our pride?”
“You are one of us now,” he explained, then frowned. “Unless you want to find another pride.”
“Like I know of any other panthers besides you…er, I mean, us.” She snorted. “Of course I want to be a part of your pride.” She stretched and felt most of the pain from shifting easing out of her body. Her panther had settled somewhere in the back of her mind, letting Liberty’s human side take over. It was getting easier to move with each passing minute. 
“I love you,” he blurted, leaning over to put his face closer to hers. “You start fires within my heart, Liberty Raines. I want you to be my mate…my queen.”
“Talon,” she cooed. She wanted to tell him her feelings, too. “I think I fell in love with you the day you kissed me in the bar.”
“Which time?” he smirked, looking playful.
“The day you touched me and I felt something jolt inside my soul. The day you put your hands on me for the first time and called me your mate.” She leaned forward, placing a hand on his cheek, leaning in to press a soft kiss to his lips. 
With a snarl, Talon leapt, taking her back to the mattress. His lips found her neck, his slightly rough tongue licked at the marks at her neck. “Please be my mate, forever?”
“Yes, Talon,” she breathed. “Make me your queen.”
She unleashed a claw, drawing down the side of his jeans.  A slight thrill ran through her at hearing the fabric tear open. With one hard yank, they ripped from his body. “That’s so cool.” 
Their bodies came together in a tangle of limbs as Talon nestled between her legs, his face buried against her soft folds. The first pass of his tongue had Liberty’s eyes rolling into the back of her head. The second pass, she was digging her hands into his hair, begging with unrecognizable words. 
“Please, Talon,” she purred, feeling the vibrations in her own chest.
“Are you sure?” he asked, rising up to his knees.
Instead of speaking her words, she remembered how he’d said it was to be done. She quickly got on all fours, dropping her shoulders to the mattress, her ass presented to him. Strong hands grasped her hips and she yelped when he thrust inside her.
His hands wrapped around her hair, pulling her back up to meet him. Her panther pushed forward in her mind, allowing her canines to grow. His warm chest met her back as his arm wrapped around her ribs, holding her in place. His teeth sunk into her neck and she had to blink to keep from passing out from the climax that hit her with the force of a Mack truck. She heard the pop and creak of the bed as he fucked her. There were sounds of things breaking, but she really didn’t care at the moment. Liberty was completely lost in the pleasure.
Talon continued to thrust inside her, raising her pleasure even higher, but Liberty had the overwhelming urge to mark him. She bucked against him, her panther snarling and demanding her mate release his hold. As soon as Talon let go of his hold around her waist, Liberty flipped him over, straddling his hips and taking his cock back into her body.
“Mine,” she snarled, leaning over and sinking her teeth into the spot where his neck met his shoulder. Talon’s roar rattled the walls as he pumped into her from his position beneath her. One hand landed on her hip, but she was too far gone in the pleasure to really pay attention to the odd sounds in the room. 
His blood entered her mouth and she tore her lips away, only returning to the spot to drag her tongue across the wound, her saliva healing it just enough to close the wound and leave a scar for all females to see.
“I am yours,” he smiled, rolling Liberty over onto her back. “And you are mine.”
“Always,” she said, and then paused, looking up. “Did you break the headboard?”
“Ahh, yeah,” he laughed. “We don’t need one anyway.”
“If you are that destructive every time we make love,” she snickered. “Then we definitely don’t need one.”
“I was going easy on you.” He blushed. “I didn’t want to hurt you.”
“I’m not breakable, Talon,” she flirted. “I can take you.”
“We’ll see about that,” he growled, pushing his hardness back inside her.
Talon spent the next several hours showing Liberty just how panthers mated in their human form. 



Chapter Sixteen


Nova had the day off. She’d spent most of the morning helping her sister pack her things since she would be living with Talon as his mate. She giggled out loud when she remembered telling Liberty, “I told you so!” Those books of hers were apparently spot on.
It was a nice day out, the temperatures warm for a fall afternoon. She threw on her boots and made her way to the old tool shed out back. She opened the door and grabbed the rake, along with several black trash bags. Today, she would forget about the blonde shifter who’d been hanging at the bar for the past two weeks. He watched her like a hawk and it made her uncomfortable. He’d consoled her by staying with her while Liberty was missing. 
Winter Blue was ten times her size and that intimidated her. The man hovered around her, but never touched her. Every time she would get close, he would sidestep her or move just enough to put a few feet between them. 
Liberty had told her that the shifters didn’t touch females, mated or not. The first touch was all it took for them to know who their mates were. They’d been trained from an early age that touching a mated female brought them pain. So, they refrained from touching any female.
She paused and sighed. In all honesty, the thought of Winter touching her sent shivers all over her body. There was no denying that he was strong. The man’s shoulders were so wide that he had to turn sideways just to walk through a doorway. His icy blue eyes were mesmerizing and she’d caught herself a few times gazing into them. His disheveled blonde hair looked soft, and she wondered if it felt that way when you ran your fingers through it.
“Oh my God, Nova! Stop it!” she scolded herself.
“Stop what?” Winter interrupted.
“Shit!” she yelped, jumping back and dropping the rake. “You scared the hell out of me!”
“Sorry,” he apologized. The corner of his lip lifted into a predatory smirk and Nova felt her knees wobble slightly.
“What are you doing here?” she asked, picking up the garden tool. Nova felt herself blush and she hoped like hell she could pass it off as exertion from working outside.  
“Liberty asked me to come by on my way home to pick up the last of her boxes,” he answered. Winter smiled and Nova’s insides did a backflip.  She wanted to melt right there in her yard.  The man was stunning, beautiful even. There was no way a man like him would want a girl like her.  She really needed to get over this little crush she had on the Guardian.  
“Sure,” she nodded. “Let me set this stuff by the tree.” 
“Take your time,” he said.
Nova walked over to the old oak tree in the back yard. It’d been smaller when she and Liberty were younger. The low branches were perfect for climbing. That was until Nova fell out of the tree and broke her arm when she was nine years old. After that, her mother forbid them to climb the tree.
She froze, looking down at a print on the ground. Her body shook, remembering what had happened to Evie and her sister. This wasn’t a panther print.
“W…Winter,” she stammered, dropping the bags in her hand.
“What is it? Nova?” he panicked, running up to her side. He didn’t make a move to touch her.
She couldn’t answer. Wrapping an arm around her waist, Nova pointed and watched as Winter’s eyes followed the line of her arm to the paw print on the ground. She’d seen the panther’s prints so many times over the past few weeks that she’d know them anywhere. This print was totally different and it didn’t take a genius to realize it didn’t belong to her friends.
“Get in the fucking house, Nova,” he barked. “Now!”
She ran, jumping onto the back porch and throwing open the door. She immediately sat heavily into the chair at the kitchen table, dragging in huge breaths. Trying to calm herself, she looked for Winter. He’d just stepped into the house, throwing the lock on the door. His face had paled slightly. She heard him move through the house, checking all of the windows. The last thing she heard was the deadbolt on the front door engage before he reentered the kitchen, the phone to his ear.
“Boss,” Winter growled into the phone. “The wolves haven’t left. They’re still here.”
Nova heard the alpha curse loudly through Winter’s phone. 
He watched her cautiously. As well he should, because Nova was scared shitless. She’d seen her sister go through hell because of the wolves.
“No one will hurt you,” Winter promised, a deathly snarl leaving his lips. “I won’t let them.”
And somehow…she believed him.



“Apparently, my dumb fucking cousins couldn’t pull their heads out of their asses and kidnap the leader,” the wolf alpha cursed. “They were supposed to kill him!” 
“I thought you would let me go when I sniffed out the alpha’s mate,” the young panther snarled. “You promised!” 
“Shut up, boy!” the man holding him captive yelled, backhanding Malaki hard enough to split his lip. “I want that alpha! He should’ve never told our secret!”
“Let us go!” Malaki roared, feeling an overwhelming urge to protect that pride. It’d been his own foolish mistake trying to take on the pack of wolves that had come in and killed his pride weeks ago. He’d been drugged and taken to a place he had never been to before and held captive. He didn’t even know if he was still in Tennessee. These wolves were sneaky, cunning, and would stop at nothing to keep their kind out of the spotlight of the humans. 
He knew that he had to warn the pride. But how? He couldn’t call out to any alpha because his leader was dead. The cell phone he’d stolen from one of the pride members he’d followed had lost its battery power after he’d made that text to the alpha. It had been the only way to save the two females.
“Drug him until we are ready for him to get us answers,” the wolf ordered the man that was in charge of keeping them locked in cages. “Maybe I will have a little fun with your sister over there.”
“No!” Malaki struggled to stop the man who was moving closer to Calla’s cage. She was huddled in the corner, tears streaming down her face. They kept collars on them that were made with sharp spikes, ensuring that if they shifted, they would die. Malaki was only allowed out of his the few times he was sent to get information for the wolves.
Calla was the only reason why he’d been spying on the pride. The wolves had threatened to hurt her in ways that made him sick. She was all that was left of his family…his pride.  His baby sister who’d been loved and sheltered by their pride was now being hurt by monsters.  He vowed that he would have his revenge, and he’d take the wolf leader’s heart as payment.
Malaki struggled as he was injected by one of the men who worked for the leader of the wolves. It didn’t take long before his world went dark…the last thing he heard was his sister screaming for help.


Chapter Seventeen


Liberty stretched lazily in the bed. She’d been ordered to rest for the past two days and she was tired of laying around. Of course, Talon waited on her hand and foot; bringing her food, running warm baths, and making sure he reminded her how much he loved her once he had settled down for the night.
Her hand reached out and found his side of the bed empty…again. It was after seven in the morning and she had a feeling he’d been up since dawn. He was forever working with his pride or doing something around the property. 
She searched through the boxes of clothes that were still in the back of the closet. After Talon and a few of his Guardians had unloaded most of her stuff two days ago, Talon had ordered her to bed. He was the alpha after all, and now that he’d changed her, the push of his powers affected her more strongly than they ever did when she was a human. 
She wanted to shower and move around, hoping that she could find something to eat after she was clean. The hot water eased the tension in her shoulders. She didn’t know how long she stood under the spray, keeping her mind clear of thoughts. It was nice to just relax for once. 
She looked in the mirror at her reflection. Her eyes had now changed to the icy blue of a shifter. It still unnerved her a bit to see such a drastic change in them, but it was something she accepted to have Talon at her side. He was hers forever. She quickly dressed in a pair of jeans and a long sleeved shirt. She braided her hair and padded out of the room to find her mate.
The thought of Talon being hers for the rest of her life sent a thrill through her and she giggled as she took the stairs down to the main floor of the house. She sensed him in the house, but couldn’t quite pinpoint where he was at first. 
Voices alerted her to a commotion coming from his office. As she turned down the hallway, she saw several Guardians walking toward the room.  His office was at the end of the long corridor, and there were several men in her way as she stepped out of the foyer.  She wanted to see Talon and these men had better not stop her, because she was beginning to sense something was wrong.
“Move,” she snarled, using her new and improved voice. The men immediately scattered, not one of them brave enough to lay a hand on the alpha’s mate. 
Since Liberty had learned to growl, thanks to her newfound status, she’d used it a few times to prove her point. The Guardians treated her as an equal to Talon and that was the way it was always going to be, according to her mate. The alpha’s mate was a queen of sorts. Her power was just as strong as their leader’s. Liberty snorted a laugh to herself.  She didn’t feel that powerful.  She still felt weak from her change, but Talon assured her she’d be okay in a few days.
As the sea of men parted, Liberty’s teeth clenched in anger. Dane and Savage were on each side of Talon, their fists balled as they leaned on the old, antique desk. Talon’s head was in his hands as he listened to the two men explain what was going on. 
It didn’t take long before Liberty grasped their words. Talon’s head snapped up and she felt his power wrap around her, giving her the strength and comfort only her mate could give at the time. She didn’t want to acknowledge what she’d heard. She didn’t want to worry about another person close to them, but this was so much worse.
“Where is my sister?” Liberty growled, marching toward the desk. Her eyes were focused on her mate, but the question was for anyone in the room who had the answers she was seeking.
“Winter has her, Liberty,” Talon replied, standing up from his seat. He walked around the desk, but didn’t touch her. “He is watching the house until we can investigate more.”
“Talon Shaw,” she snarled, her panther pushing forward. She knew her eyes glowed amber from the slight change of colors in her vision. The panther prowled restlessly in her mind, but knew that Liberty was in charge at the moment. They both wanted blood, and Liberty would stop at nothing to protect the ones she loved. “You find those wolves, and don’t you dare let anything happen to my sister.”
The Guardians left the room in a hushed dismissal. Talon reached for her hand as soon as the last man out shut the door. Liberty didn’t even care who had left the room. Her main focus was on her mate and the information she’d just learned.
“Your sister will be safe,” Talon promised, wrapping his arms around her waist. She melted into his strength and knew that Talon and his Guardians would do anything and everything to stop the wolves. Her only hope was that no one else would have to suffer at the hands of those monsters. 
“Promise?” she asked, melting into her mate’s embrace. 
“I promise,” he said, kissing her head.  “Winter won’t let anything happen to Nova.”
“I’m sure he will keep an eye on her,” Liberty teased.  Talon’s eyes crinkled at the corners as he chuckled.  They both had seen the way that Winter looked at her sister.  He’d been adamant about being the one to watch over Nova when she was at the bar or at home.  
“I love you, mate,” he grinned, kissing her once again. “I want you to get stronger.  I’m more worried about you right now.”
“I love you,” she replied. “I’m fine, Talon.  Really.” She was tired and weak, but nothing compared to when she’d woken up as a panther.  After that first shift back to her human self, Liberty had slept for several hours, exhaustion taking everything out of her.  Talon had brought her the biggest plate of food she’d ever seen.  Now she understood how he and his Guardians could eat so much food when they came to the bar.
“Take a run with me?” he asked.  “I’ll have the Guardians go with us if you’d like.”
“I’d like to run with you alone,” she purred, then frowned.  “But, I’m scared to shift again.”
“It shouldn’t hurt as bad this time,” he said, his eyes darkening at a silent thought.  
“What?” she asked, worried for her mate. 
“Nothing.” He smiled, taking her hand.  “Come. I’ll be with you the entire time.”
They left the house after Talon alerted his men as to where they would be for the next hour.  The sun was high overhead as they stopped just inside the tree line of the wooded area behind the house.  Black birds scurried out of the branches, taking flight. 
“No one can see me, right?” She blushed crimson.  She didn’t know if she’d ever be comfortable being completely nude in front of the other pride members.  Talon had told her once that they’d never learned the shame of nudity like the humans.  He promised that his kind didn’t look upon a woman with lust during the shift, unless they were mates.  
“No one will look upon your skin,” he reassured her, taking a protective stance in front of Liberty.  His shoulders blocked out any prying eyes that might be around.  She quickly undressed and stood there, staring up at her mate.  “I’ll rip them to shreds if they try.”
She chuckled and prepared herself for the shift, but she wasn’t quite sure what she needed to do.  Talon waited patiently for her to do something.  With a frown, she looked into his eyes, “A little help?”
“Feel your panther,” he said.  She closed her eyes and felt for the animal that now lived within.  Her panther stretched lazily somewhere in the back of her mind.  Liberty couldn’t see her, but she could feel the panther.  A mewl broke free from her lips, startling Liberty.  Her eyes opened wide, landing on Talon still standing in front of her.
“How?” she asked, her voice cracking from uncertainty. 
“Let her free, Liberty,” he ordered, then a push of his power engulfed her body.  The panther inside roared, pushing…demanding to be set free.  “Shift, mate.”
Liberty dropped to her knees in the dirt, leaves crunching underneath where she landed.  She felt her canines grow, sprouting inside her human mouth.  She moaned from the slight ache.  It wasn’t painful.
She fell to her side as her legs reshaped, hair sprouting from beneath her human skin.  Her tailbone tingled as a long, graceful tail emerged from her body.  Her ears rang as the panther continued to transform. It felt like ages for the shift to be complete, but in all reality, it took less than a minute.
“You are so beautiful,” Talon whispered, kneeling down next to her.  She could see him through her panther’s eyes.  The panther raised its head, its tongue snaking out to lick the side of her mate’s face.  He laughed and stood, removing his shirt.  “Let’s run, Liberty.”
She watched as his body formed into a large black cat.  He was easily twice her size.  The panther nudged her belly, forcing her to stand.  When she did, he rubbed his face against hers.  The panther purred in response.  They took turns rubbing their scent on each other’s fur.  
Liberty yelped when Talon bit her flank playfully.  He nudged her, urging her to run into the woods so he could chase her.  He was being playful, and both Liberty and her panther liked seeing him this way.  The alpha was happy, and that was all that mattered to a pride of panthers.  

The End…


Want more? Winter is available NOW! Click the link below…

http://amzn.to/2EbKMFe

Take a look at Winter Rise of the Pride Book 2

Chapter One

A storm raged outside as Nova stomped down the hallway and took a sharp left, heading for Liberty’s office at the back of the bar. Her temper was getting the best of her and she’d had enough. She didn’t even bother knocking as she pushed the door open wide, startling her sister who was sitting behind the desk, going over bills. Liberty gasped, but didn’t say anything, her face looking pale.
“I’ve had it!” Nova yelled, throwing her hands in the air.
“What’s wrong?” Liberty demanded, her new ice blue eyes flickering amber. Liberty was now part of the pride…a shifter. She’d been changed into a panther when a group of werewolves had held her and one of the young girls from the pride in a cabin, torturing them until Talon had shown up to save the day. Liberty had been beaten almost to the point of death. Talon, her mate, had made the decision to turn her to save her life. 
“Pride whores,” Nova snarled. “These women are in here every damn day, trying their best to get someone from the pride to mate them. I just had to kick three of them out of here for trying to get their claws into the Guardians.” She wouldn’t admit it, but the blonde bitch that was all but humping Winter’s leg was lucky she didn’t get punched in the throat.
“I don’t know what the hell I have to do to get them to stop coming in here and chasing the Guardians,” Liberty cursed, resting her head in her hand. Nova frowned at her sister’s sudden exhaustion. She’d been working a lot lately, opening the bar and staying as late as possible. 
“Are you okay?” Nova asked, taking a step toward the desk. When she moved closer, she noticed that not only was Liberty’s face pale, it looked a little green. “Liberty?”
“Oh, God. I’m going to be sick!” Liberty squeaked, jumping from her seat. She darted around the desk and barely made it to the office bathroom before retching up whatever she’d had for lunch.
“What the hell?” Nova gasped, rushing to her side. She immediately knelt beside her sister, pulling her long, brown hair back from her face. “I didn’t think shifters got sick.”
“They don’t,” Liberty groaned, turning her head to throw up into the toilet again.
“Then what’s wrong?” Nova was worried, unsure of what she needed to do.
“I think I’m pregnant,” Liberty cried. “No. I know I’m pregnant!”
“Oh. My. God!” Nova squealed, scrambling from her spot on the floor. She grabbed a couple of paper towels, running them under the cold tap before ringing them out. She returned to her sister’s side and held them to the back of her neck. “I’m going to be an aunt!”
“Yeah,” Liberty moaned, leaning back against the wall. “I don’t even know how to explain it. The other females had told me I would know when I was pregnant. Something about it being part of my nature. When I woke up this morning, I knew. I’m so confused. I don’t even know how far along I am. I just started feeling weird this morning, and then I was so tired. This was the first time I threw up.”
“What did Talon say?” Nova asked as she stroked a strand of hair back from her sister’s forehead. “I bet he’s beside himself with joy.”
“He doesn’t know,” Liberty admitted, closing her eyes.
“Uh, don’t you think it would be a good idea to tell him?” Nova asked, raising a curious brow.
“The females said he would know just from my scent, but he was already gone when I woke up this morning. He had meetings at City Hall again.” Liberty slowly climbed to her feet, holding the wall for a moment to steady herself. “I don’t want to bother him.”
“Go lay on the couch,” Nova ordered, helping her out of the bathroom. “You need to tell him, because if he finds out you were working and sick, he’s not going to be happy.”
“Okay,” Liberty sighed, dropping down onto the old couch that sat against the wall in the bar’s office. Nova frowned. It wasn’t like her sister to not put up a fight when being told what to do. “I’ll call him later.”
Before Nova could call Talon herself, a swift knock sounded on the office door. She quickly hurried over, opening the door slightly. Winter and Dane, two of the pride’s Guardians, stood there. Dane started to speak, but froze before he got a word out. Both men’s nostrils flared as they inhaled a breath, tilting their heads to the side. 
Nova stepped back as both men moved forward, their gazes narrowing on Liberty. Liberty gasped when both men dropped to their knees beside the couch, but neither one of the men touched her. They knew it would cause her pain, and Talon would have their heads if they did anything to cause his mate harm.
“Does he know?” Winter asked, his voice full of concern.
“What?” she asked, a confused look crossing her face.
“You’re with young,” Winter said, awestruck, and ran his large hand over his blond hair. Nova’s brow raised when both men began to purr softly. They looked at Liberty as though she were the most beautiful thing in the world. Nova knew it was part of their panther nature, and had heard about some of their ways from other females of the pride when she’d been visiting Liberty one afternoon, but it was really strange to see it first-hand. The panthers could scent a pregnancy and the men found the scent to be soothing. A female who was pregnant was the most cherished thing in their lives. 
“You can tell too?” she groaned.
“Your scent.” Winter paused, his brows pushed forward. “Does our alpha know?”
“No,” Liberty said, shaking her head. “Nova was just about to call him.”
“I’ll call for you,” Winter offered, pulling his phone out, but paused when Liberty held her hand up for him to stop.
“Don’t tell him,” Liberty ordered. 
“I would never take that right from you.” Winter frowned, turning toward the other Guardian who was standing at attention at the door. “Secure the hallway.”
“What? Why?” Nova asked, suddenly confused. “What the hell, Winter? She’s pregnant, not in danger.”
“All females with young are protected,” Winter stated, his eyes swinging back toward her sister lying on the couch. She’d covered up with a throw blanket that was kept over the back of the couch.  He stared at Liberty a moment before lowering his voice. “An alpha’s mate is the most protected of all females, and any male would give their life to save the alpha’s mate and their young.”
“Okay,” Nova replied. 
She tried her best to ignore the man who’d taken up her every thought during the past few months. That was, until she’d accepted a date from one of the guys that frequented the bar. When Winter had found out about it, he’d raised hell, saying Perry was a loser and wasn’t worthy. Nova had yelled at him and refused to allow him to watch over the house she lived in alone. Dane had become her new bodyguard since the wolves, who’d almost killed Liberty, were still at large. Winter had been furious, but so had Nova.
Winter’s ice blue stare followed her as she crossed the room, kneeling beside her sister. Nova didn’t need to see his eyes to know that he watched her closely. He’d been doing it for months.
“Can I get you anything?” Nova asked, stroking the hair back from her sister’s face. 
“Ginger ale?” she asked.
“I’ll get it,” Dane told her, his eyes never leaving Liberty. “You stay with your sister.” The moment Dane took off down the hall, Winter stepped to the door, blocking anyone from entering. Nova shook her head, thinking they were being a little too protective, but didn’t say anything.
The Guardian returned quickly with a tall glass for Liberty, placing it on the ground so Nova could pick it up without touching him. She’d become accustomed to the no touching policy these men adhered to with any females.
“Oh, that’s good,” Liberty sighed, handing the glass back to Nova. She stood up to place it on the desk when she heard the sound of her sister’s mate and the alpha of the Shaw pride bark, “Where is she?”
The moment the office door opened, Talon Shaw stood there, his wide shoulders touching the door frame, his eyes sparking amber. Rain drops glistened in his dark hair. He inhaled deep and moved forward, dropping to his knees. His large hand pressed softly against Liberty’s stomach.
“Liberty?” he asked, his voice sounding thick like he was about to shed tears. One moment Liberty was on the couch…the next, Talon had scooped her up into his arms and spun her around as he shouted out his happiness. “I’m going to be a father!”
“Put me down, Talon!” Liberty barked, turning green again. “Now!”
“Let her go, Talon,” Nova warned with a grin, thankful her sister didn’t lose her ginger ale on her mate. Talon saw the look on Liberty’s face and rushed her toward the bathroom. The sound of Liberty getting sick was cut off when Talon kicked the door closed with his booted foot.
Nova smiled at her sister’s mate and his obvious concern as she left the office, almost running into Winter as he leaned against the wall in the hallway just outside the door. The big blond jumped back almost three feet, his eyes wide. 
“Sorry,” she mumbled, sliding past him so she wouldn’t even get close to touching him. She didn’t have time to worry about the damned Guardian. Nova had somewhere she needed to be.
“Where are you going?” he asked, following her down the hallway and looming over her, just outside of reach. She didn’t need him bothering her or asking questions, because if he knew where she was heading, Nova was sure he’d raise hell again.
“Cole,” Nova called out, ignoring the panther at her back as she leaned against the bar. “I’m out of here. Liberty will be leaving soon, too. She isn’t feeling very well. Call me if you need anything.”
As she made her way out of the bar, Winter growled behind her when the door closed in his face. Nova cringed when she heard him push through with a curse.
“I asked you a question,” he barked. He used his long legs to move in front of Nova, trying to stop her from getting to her car, but she walked around him with a scowl on her face. Thankfully, the rain had finally let up, because Nova didn’t think she could handle seeing him drenched with a wet shirt stuck to his bulging muscles. Stop, Nova! You’re only making it worse! “Are you going out with him again?”
“That’s none of your business,” Nova replied, gritting her teeth. She really didn’t want to talk to him about the fact that she was going home to get ready for another date with Perry. The last time that happened, Winter had lost his temper and Dane had to send him away. “Tell Dane I’m going home.”
“Nova,” he called out, cursing when she shut the door to her car and pulled out onto the two lane highway, heading south to her home. She didn’t even look in the rearview mirror as she sped away, wishing that she was going home to get ready for a date with the panther instead.

Other Books by Theresa Hissong:


Fatal Cross Live!
Fatal Desires
Fatal Temptations
Fatal Seduction 

Rise of the Pride:
Talon
Winter
Savage
The Birth of an Alpha
Ranger
Kye
The Healer
Dane 
Booth

Morgan Clan Bears
Mating Season 
Mating Instinct

Incubus Tamed
Thirst

Standalone Novella
Something Wicked

Book for Charity:
Fully Loaded

Club Phoenix
The Huntress

Cycle of Sin on Tour
Rocked (A Rockstar Reverse Harem Novel)




About Theresa Hissong:

Theresa is a mother of two and the wife of a retired Air Force Master Sergeant. After seventeen years traveling the country, moving from base to base, the family has settled their roots back in Theresa’s home town of Olive Branch, MS, where she enjoys her time with family and old friends.
After almost three years of managing a retail bookstore, Theresa has gone behind the scenes to write romantic stories with flare. She enjoys spending her afternoons daydreaming of the perfect love affair and takes those ideas to paper.

Look for other exciting reads…coming very soon!

