



The Prouds

a novel by

LaithTaher
Prologue


King Matthew was ready to do anything he could, whether good or bad, cruel or kind, to defeat the Prouds.
No land had ever refused to submit to him, the ruler of Widea Kingdom. As his kingdom expanded, the kings of neighboring kingdoms bowed to him, and all the tribes submitted to him, whether willingly or by force. As he had a huge army and lethal weapons, which everyone feared.
The only exceptions were the land of the Prouds in the desert of the eastern part of Widea Kingdom and the lands of their allies whom they pledged to protect.
The Prouds were descendants of their greatest Elder, who was called “The Proud" for refusing to give in to injustice. They were called after him, and they were as proud as he was throughout their history, refusing to submit to any king or ruler but their own.





Part IThe Message



Chapter One

Year 431.

“Greetings, Leader Addison,” the traveler said as he entered the house of Leader Addison, leader of the Prouds. The house was a modest house made of mud, just like any other house in the land of the Prouds, who were modest people. In that house lived Leader Addison, his wife Shannon, and his daughter Raelene. Nearby were three other houses, one for each of his sons, Hammond, Adrian, and Jarvis.
“Welcome,” replied Leader Addison.
The leader maintained his strong physique despite his old age. He had a trimmed white moustache and a short beard. He was wearing a white tunic with black embellishments below the neckline, a thin black fabric belt, a black cape tied around his neck and falling down his back and legs, and long black boots made of genuine leather. That had been the uniform all the knights of the Prouds had worn, since the time of their greatest Elder, The Proud.
“Take a seat,” said Addison.
The man sat down, and Addison sat opposite to him ordering his standing servant, “Pour some coffee to our guest.”
So he did.
The guest finished his coffee. “I was sent to you by King Matthew.”
The leader frowned when the king was mentioned. “And what can I do for him?”
The man said, “You must have heard that all tribes from the capital city to the final frontiers of the kingdom have submitted to King Matthew. Even kings of neighboring kingdoms and countries have bowed to him, begging him to sign treaties with them, under which they pay him to ensure their security and safety. It cannot be right to have all said kingdoms and countries submit to his rule while there are people in his kingdom refusing to submit to him and accept his rule…”
He paused, and then added, “Leader Addison, your tribe and your allies are the only people who have not submitted to the rule of King Matthew. This is the way you have always been ever since your ancient ancestors, refusing to submit to the kings of Widea. You have fought fierce wars against us. Yet, the king is offering you the chance to give in to him in peace without shedding a single drop of your blood, by paying him taxes, having your knights join his army, and declaring allegiance to him.”
I knew that this was the message you were carrying since I first laid eyes on you, thought the leader, who frowned even more.
Then he shouted, shaking his hand fiercely with his words striking his addressee like a storm. “Tell your king that the Prouds will never submit to any king. We are willing to sacrifice our lives for our freedom.”
Some words take a man off-guard and make his response a confused one. Yet, there are times when a man is prepared to respond, as in the case of the message delivered by the king’s messenger, as the leader was readily prepared for the absolute refusal of any request to have the Prouds give in. Nevertheless, despite the fact he was well aware that the man was the king’s messenger even before he entered his house, and although he was expecting the content of the message carried by him, he had treated him hospitably.
“Is this your final reply?” asked the messenger.
“It is,” replied the leader with absolute confidence.
“It is war between us then,” said the messenger.
“Tell your king that he has doomed himself,” said the leader unshaken by the messenger’s threat.
The messenger left the house in a hurry followed by the leader who rushed out where the Prouds’ knights gathered, trying to find out what went on.
The messenger rode his horse and off he went as the leader said, “People, King Matthew sent me a messenger ordering us to become his slaves and I replied by declaring war against him.”
“War it is,” one knight said.
The other knights shouted, individually and collectively, “It is war between us.”
***
Having heard what Leader Addison had to say, Milton, one of the Prouds’ knights, decided to go to Cintana. It was the capital of Widea Kingdom and was in the middle of it. Cintana was where King Matthew lived most of the year.
Milton, who had long hair and thick facial hair, was known for his extraordinary cunning.
He believed he was a realistic man. Things like wealth and women meant everything to him, whereas dignity, glory, and pride meant nothing to him. He believed that a man should seek happiness by any means possible. He loved to live in peace and felicity and stay away from war or anything that would disturb his good life. He believed that a man should know his own limitations and not risk his life or harm himself for the sake of imaginary things such as dignity, which was nothing but an illusion in the minds of those who had never experienced the joy of wealth and women.
After days of wearisome non-stop traveling, he reached Fitoma Palace, the largest palace of King Matthew’s. He was amazed by the beauty of the palace, which was built from huge blue stones.
As he tried to enter it, the guard at the gate asked him about the purpose of his visit.
Milton said, “Tell the king that I am one of the knights of the Prouds, and that I want to help him.”
He chose and prepared his words carefully in the days before his decision to travel to Cintana as the king did not normally meet with just anyone.  Milton had to get him interested enough to meet him.
The guard sent one of the soldiers of the palace to tell the usher what Milton had said. The soldier returned after a while, asked the guard to let Milton in, and escorted him to the largest hall of the palace. Marble of blue color mainly, infiltrated with white color covered the roofing, the ceilings and the walls of the palace. The hall was covered by the same marble. The hall was so huge and had decorations of the shape of lions spreading all over. It had many columns beautifully decorated. Milton was amazed by the view, which he had never seen something alike or even close to.
King Matthew sat in the far end of the hall. He was old, very tall, and big. He had a dark brown complexion, thick grey hair, and thick facial hair. He was wearing a luxurious blue tunic.
In the hall also was his son Prince Harlem, who had a tall, fair, and thin body. He had short black hair, and light black facial hair. He had a big black mole on the right side of his forehead. He was wearing a luxurious yellow tunic.
He was known for being spoiled by his father, as he was the only son the king had. The king loved him too much, which made him feeble with a weak personality and poor fighting skills. The king was so softhearted when it came to his son, as a father’s heart normally is, even if it was the heart of a harsh king who was merciless toward those he considered a threat. Harlem was an arrogant man because he knew that one day he would become the king of that vast kingdom.
Guards were everywhere in the hall along with servants.
Knowing that the Proud had come to help him, the king decided to please him so as to get his help in an easier way.
He stood up. “Are you the Proud who wanted to see me?”
Dazzled by seeing the king stand up for him, the Proud approached him and bowed. “Yes, My Lord. My name is Milton and I am one of the Prouds.”
“I was told that you want to help me, Milton,” said the king.
“That is true, My Lord,” replied Milton.
“You are tired now and need some rest. We shall continue this conversation in the evening after you have had your rest,” the king commanded cunningly in an attempt to win the Proud even more.
The king turned to one of the servants in the hall. “Escort him to one of the guestrooms, treat him well, and give him whatever he asks for.”
“This is very generous of you, My Lord,” said Milton, filled with joy. Then he went off with the servant.
Filled with amazement and anger, the prince stood up. “Why did you stand up for him, Father? You are a great king and he is a lowly savage man from the tribe which refuses to obey you?”
“This is politics and governance, Harlem. Do not think that all my power was attained by arms and soldiers. I stand up for this savage man today in order to achieve great things tomorrow,” said the king.
***
In the evening, the king sent for Milton, who answered the call and went with the messenger to a corner of the palace. The king sat on a luxurious chair surrounded by palm trees, flowers, and many beautiful plants, along with a table full of fruit, desserts, and many delicious drinks. Next to the king was another such chair to which he pointed and said to his visitor, “Sit here, Milton.”
“How can I sit here alone with you, My Lord?” asked Milton to show the king his loyalty.
“I said sit, man,” the king replied.
Milton sat down.
The king said, “Eat and drink as you wish.”
But Milton neither ate nor drank anything.
So the king insisted, “I told you to eat and drink as you wish.”
Milton started to do so.
“Ask me what you want,” said the king.
Milton said with amazement, “You are great, My Lord. How did you know that I wanted to ask you something?”
The king smiled.
Milton asked, “What is it that you want us to do, My Lord, in order to provide us with security and safety?”
The king replied, “I swear to God, all I want you to do is to join my army in battle and pay me an annual tax.”
He stared at Milton. “Is this too much to ask for, Milton?”
Milton kept silent as the king repeated his question,
He added, “Tell me what you think of this entire matter.”
“No, My Lord. It is not too much to ask for,” Milton answered. “I believe that it is good for us to join your kingdom. We are only a tribe, we are no match for a kingdom to which all other kingdoms have submitted. Joining you will provide us with protection from any enemy, no matter how strong.”
“I swear to God, this is a wise thing to say,” the king affirmed. “From the moment I first saw you, I could tell that you are a man of wisdom and wits in your people.”
Then, the king called for a servant. “Bring me Wanda immediately, then go to the usher and tell him to bring me twenty golden coins at once.”
The king was very smart, otherwise he would not have stayed king of such a vast kingdom that expanded day after day. He knew that Milton spent his entire life in the desert living a harsh modest life, so he wanted to show him the luxury he enjoyed, so as to seduce him and get his assistance.
He also realized that Milton was greedy and that he would not have come here, disobeying his leader and violating the traditions of his tribe if it was not for certain things he sought to get out of it. Those things were, no doubt, what most people wanted, wealth and women. Therefore, he set a price to see whether Milton would accept it and to test him.
With his eyes wide open, Milton stopped eating and remained that way until the servant returned, followed by an extremely beautiful, very tall, slim, fair, hazel-eyed and red headed slave. The servant was carrying a sack filled with twenty golden coins.
“This is Wanda, the most beautiful slave woman in the entire kingdom, and this sack contains twenty golden coins,” said the king. Whenever he saw Wanda, he was reminded of his beloved wife Heather who was once a slave.
Like an overwhelming flood, joy filled Milton’s heart. “This is very generous of you, My Lord… very generous.”
The king said, “This is nothing compared to what I give for those who love me and I love them. I will give you many times as much, but I want you to convince Leader Addison to obey me without going to war.”
“You got it, My Lord,” said Milton.
The king, who was very good at using the carrot-and-stick approach to get what he wanted, added, “My soldiers are on their way to you and shall camp near your land, and unless you give me an answer within two weeks, we will fight you, and that can never be to your best interest.”
Milton replied, “I will do that, My Lord, particularly as Leader Addison’s oldest son, Hammond, is a friend of mine, and I am the closest to him of all the Prouds. I am even closer to him than his father and brothers.”
“Very well, then. Have him convince his father and I shall give you more,” said the king.
***
Milton returned to the tribe of the Prouds, fascinated by the most beautiful slave he had ever seen and the shining gold, which, to him, was the most beautiful scene in the world.
As he entered his house, he was seen by Hammond, who had light black hair and black facial hair. He also had slightly full body. He was surprised, seeing a woman with Milton, for it did not make sense for him that Milton bought a slave or got married while the tribe was preparing for war against King Matthew.
Milton went to his house and after a while headed alone to Hammond’s house.
“Where have you been? And who is this woman you brought?” asked Hammond.
Milton replied, “I was in Cintana.”
Hammond frowned, wondering what would make Milton go to the capital of their enemy, whom they were about to go to war within a matter of days!
Milton lied, “This is a slave who impressed me by her beauty, so I bought her and brought her with me.”
His friend asked with disapproval and curiosity, “And what were you doing in Cintana?”
Milton replied smartly, “What I like about you most, Hammond, is that you know politics and listen to reason, which distinguishes you from the rest of the tribe who are led by fervor.”
His friend asked, “What does this have to do with you going there?”
Milton replied, “I went there in order to ask the king what he wanted from us, so that he would not fight us.  All he wants from us is to join his army in battle and pay him an annual tax. Will you convince your father to accept that? We are only a tribe and we cannot fight a huge army of a great kingdom to which all other kingdoms have submitted.”
The two friends paused as Milton hoped Hammond would agree to his plan.
Hammond said, “Your words make sense, but my father will never accept that.”
“Just try,” Milton pressed with desperation.
The leader’s son replied affirmatively, “Do you want him to be mad with me? Do you want me to look as if I am refraining from protecting the tribe? I am telling you, he is my father and I know him very well. He will never accept anything but war.”
Milton asked, “Isn’t there any way you can convince him?”
“What is the matter with you, Milton?” Hammond asked, incredulous. “Do you want him to see my younger brothers willing to sacrifice their lives for the tribe, while I look as if I am trying to save myself at the expense of the tribe?”
Hammond wished that Milton’s option would prevail. Nevertheless, he had something more important in mind, which was his image in the eyes of the leader of the Prouds and the rest of the tribe. He was the eldest among his brothers, but not the strongest one of them. He was not the best fighter of the Prouds. Hence, the least he could do was to appear to be holding on to their dignity and glory, which they held on to for centuries and would expect their future leader to cherish. Perhaps one day, when he would become the leader, he could change his people’s traditions and mentality.



Chapter Two


Seven years before King Matthew decided to invade them, the Prouds had a dispute with their ally, the Sendeys tribe. Both tribes were strong allies, as their lands were very close to one another, so they were almost one family and knew everything about each other.
At that time, Leader Shawn, leader of the Sendeys, paid Leader Addison a visit where they greeted each other. The Prouds welcomed the leader of the Sendeys and offered him food and coffee. Leader Shawn was a fataverage man and had thick grey facial hair with few black hairs.
As the two leaders sat down together, Leader Shawn said, “I have something to ask of you, Leader Addison, and I am confident that you will do it without any objection.”
With his usual generosity, Leader Addison replied, “Very well, Leader Shawn. What is it that you want?”
“I have been having this idea for quite some time, and I wish we can do it together,” said Leader Shawn.
He paused then added, “Many trade caravans pass through our lands, and I think we should collect taxes from them in return, or else we will use force to prevent any caravan that refuses to pay taxes from passing by. We are two strong allies and we should use our strength and unity to our benefit.”
Leader Shawn was a greedy man. Ever since he became the leader of the Sendeys tribe after his father had passed away, he had been exploring all means to obtain wealth for himself and his tribe. He came up with the idea of imposing taxes on those passing by his land, and he was hoping that the Prouds would help as his tribe alone could not do it alone.
Leader Addison frowned because they had never treated others of weaker tribes unfairly. Injustice was contrary to the Prouds’ high ethical standards, which they maintained since the time of their greatest Elder The Proud.
“Leader Shawn,” said Leader Addison, “we are not bandits, and would not extort from others. For centuries, the Prouds had not harmed anyone who had not assaulted us first. I am sorry, but I cannot approve what you are asking of us.”
Leader Shawn replied angrily, “What is this, Addison? I am a leader just like you. How could you say no to me despite the fact that we are allies, and so were your ancestors and ours since forever?”
Leader Addison said quietly, “And we shall remain allies. But I cannot act in a way that is contrary to the ethics of the Prouds.”
So angry that his eyes turned red, Leader Shawn shouted, “But this is foolish of you. He who has power should use it.”
Leader Addison shouted angrily, “That is all I have to say on this matter, I have nothing to add.”
“Then our alliance is over, Addison. You have made a big mistake by refusing my request,” shouted Leader Shawn.
You are going to pay dearly for this, Addison. One day, sooner or later, I will humiliate you and your people, thought Leader Shawn.
Infuriated and humiliated, he stood up and left the land of the Prouds.
Later, he declared allegiance to King Matthew just to spite the Prouds, knowing their eternal discord with the kings of Widea.
***
Seven years after the end of the alliance between the Sendeys and the Prouds, when Leader Shawn learned of King Matthew’s intention to invade the Prouds, he headed to Fitoma Palace to see him.
“Greetings, My Lord,” said Leader Shawn, and then bowed before King Matthew to show his blind obedience to him.
“Welcome, leader of the desert,” replied the king.
The king was smart and always knew how to bring his allies closer to ensure their loyalty, which was why he praised the leader. Shawn, on the other hand, was pleased because of what the king called him.
“Sit down,” said the king.
“Thank you,” said Leader Shawn then sat down.
One of the king’s servants served coffee to the king then to the leader. The king started to drink his coffee first, and then the leader started drinking his.
The leader said, “I have learned of your intention to invade the Prouds and I have come, My Lord, to declare my support and my people’s participation in the battle with all our men and weapons.”
The king said happily, “What a good ally you are, leader of the desert.”
The leader did not really support the king for the love of him, but did so to retaliate against the Prouds by any means. The king had always invaded many tribes and kingdoms, and Leader Shawn had never been as keen on taking part in those battles as he was on taking part in the king’s invasion of the Prouds.
The leader added, “I have always hoped that you would do this, My King. It is time that the Prouds are disciplined and humiliated so that they know that they are no match to the greatest king in the world.”
The words of his ally made the king smile although he was well aware that his ally was seeking revenge rather than supporting him. Yet, the king knew that ruling was largely based on the ruler’s employment of everyone around him to achieve his objectives regardless of theirs.


Part II
The King


Chapter Three


Year 370.

King Matthew was born. His father, King Kendrick, was feared by everyone in his kingdom and around it, the same way prey feared lions.
Despite his massive power, King Kendrick had never planned to expand his kingdom, but at the same time, the philosophy underpinning his rule was to maintain stability in his kingdom. Whenever someone assaulted him, he would strike back fiercely in order to send a message deterring others, which explained the rarity of assaults launched against him.
He had all the traits that caused fear in the hearts of others, yet that strength was undermined by the fact that he had never had children, which weakened his image in the eyes of his people and those living around Widea.
He was entirely obsessed with having children.  He married several women and sometimes made sure that he married women who had given birth before. He also mated with all the slaves he had, and there were many. He took every medicine recommended by physicians and had every kind of food people said would enhance virility. He consulted with many people, including every physician, scientist, and clergy he was able to find. He did everything, only to find out the door to having children locked and he could not find its key.
His sadness over the lack of children was justified, just like any man without offspring. But what significantly increased his sadness, like water held back by a dam bringing it to the verge of collapse, was the fact that he would never have a son to inherit his great kingdom. He felt that his death would mark his end and be the bridge to eternal nothingness. He would be forgotten when he died and a foreign man would control the  kingdom of Widea, which he had spent so many years building, making stronger, and protecting.
***
Princess Edith came with a young woman to her brother King Kendrick, who was in his palace. They greeted each other and sat together, while the young woman stood staring shyly at the ground. The king was sixty-five years old. He had a tanned complexion, grey hair, and trimmed grey facial hair.
The princess had a dark complexion with a black mole on the upper right corner of her mouth. Her grey hair was dyed black.
She loved her family, especially the king. Her primary concern was to make her family happy, and she would do anything to overcome any problems they encountered. She was very grieved by her brother’s lack of children. She knew that behind that feared image of a great king was a suffering man who lacked peace of mind. She felt sorry for him whenever he confided in her and told her about his suffering. She knew that people discussed the matter among them, and that she was the only person the king could talk to about it. Therefore, she was always looking for a solution to that problem.
The brother and sister talked lengthily while the young woman remained standing up.
After a while, the king asked his sister, “Who is this beautiful young woman? Why did you bring her here?”
Anticipating that question, the princess replied, “This is my slave, Wenonah. I brought her to you as a gift. She will serve you and do anything you want.”
She paused for a moment and added, wishfully, “Perhaps she will give a son who is as beautiful as she is.”
Wenonah’s shyness increased, she kept staring at the ground, and she became very nervous while the king examined her with his eyes wandering all over the slim, tall, blue-eyed, blonde, and fair woman.
Then, he turned angrily to his sister, “How many times did I tell to stop doing this?”
Clinching his left hand, he shouted, “I will never have a son, Edith. I will never have a son.”
Calming, he quietly concluded, “If God wanted me to have a son, I would have had one long ago when I was still young. How can an old man like me have a son?”
Volcanoes would erupt inside the king whenever the issue of having children was brought up.
The sister, who had always managed to calm her brother down, looked at him. “Let it be the last time, Brother.”
“That is what you always say, and we end up failing,” he shouted furiously.
The princess smiled. “Wenonah is a unique woman, and I felt optimistic when I saw her.” She paused for a moment then added, “Kendrick, You need to have a son to inherit your throne, may you live long. Do you want some distant cousin to inherit your kingdom? You have to keep trying till the end.”
He calmed down and agreed to try again.
***
Wenonah had lived with King Kendrick ever since. She was a simple young woman distended to be a slave, and life, therefore, was gloomy in her eyes. Hence, giving her as a gift to King Kendrick was once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for her. It was the light at the end of that dark tunnel which might, after all, disappear by that light.
Who knows? Maybe one day I will give King Kendrick a son and become the mother of a king, she thought.
She was happy with the king. She filled his life with happiness and pampered him. She prayed day and night for God to give her a son that would bring happiness to her king.
One day, a few months after she joined the king’s slaves, she felt very sick, started throwing up, and had stomachaches. She went to one of the slave women of the palace who was known to have good knowledge of medicine.
The slave woman examined her, “Based on my examination, it seems that you are pregnant, Wenonah.”
Wenonah asked, as if she could not believe what she heard, “What did you say?”
The slave woman replied, “It seems that you are pregnant.”
Wenonah smiled widely and felt like a bird flying in the sky with joy, then she put her hand on her belly, “I shall go and tell the king the good news.”
The pregnant young woman ran as fast as she could, with the sweetest smile on her face, until she reached her king and rushed in without asking permission.
“What is your problem, woman?” the king shouted angrily. “How could you barge in, the way you did without asking my permission? And why are running like children? It seems like I need to teach—”
Putting her hand on her belly and smiling widely, she interrupted him, “I am pregnant, My Lord. I am pregnant.”
He stood up and his eyes widened with surprise. It felt as if his entire body went numb. “What did you say?”
“I am pregnant… and will give you a beautiful son,” replied the happy slave.
The man smiled with happiness. “Thank God.”
With his eyes full of tears and a smile on his face, he approached her and hugged her strongly. At last, the rock that was sitting on his chest had gone forever.
The king and his slave lived happily as they eagerly waited for their child to be born. Kendrick pampered Wenonah and promised her a life that no other woman had ever seen. He promised her servants, wealth, and even to free her and announce her, his wife and queen of his kingdom. They both prayed to God that the child would be a boy as the king wanted an heir to his throne, whereas Wenonah hoped that she had a son, which would change her from a slave to a queen.
Nine months passed and the long-awaited child was finally born. That was the will of God, to give Kendrick, who was sixty-six years old, a son after depriving him of offspring for so long.
At last, life is smiling to me, thought the king.
It was the happiest moment of his life. He felt as if he possessed the entire world. He called his son Matthew and declared him his viceroy. He gave away money and gifts to his people, held celebrations everywhere, and, most importantly, gave Wenonah everything he promised her. He gave her a luxurious life and all the slaves and wealth she wanted after freeing her and announcing her as his wife and queen. He grew very fond of her and loved her with all his heart, for that helpless slave was able to make his dream come true.


Chapter Four


The long-awaited viceroy grew up and started walking and talking. Prince Matthew was dark skinned, had thick black hair, and was tall and big, compared to his peers.
The king loved his son with all his heart and gave him everything that would make him happy. He gave him the best food and drink, nicest clothes, thoroughbred horses, most obedient slaves, and best teachers to teach him. He gave him anything he asked for. Everyone avoided making the young prince mad because they knew that his anger would be the key to his father’s eternal hell. Even his mother, Queen Wenonah, who became queen because of him, was afraid of his anger.
In spite of all of that, the king was not very good at playing with his son and treating him the way a child should be treated. He was not very good at expressing his strong feelings for him with words. When it came to his son, the king was like a solid rock that tried very hard to move, but could not. The king was used to firmness in dealing with everyone, because of his position as the king. That had been his character for over sixty-six years. How could he change then? The heir to the throne feared the inherited one a lot, which caused the king so much pain because he felt that there was a barrier between him and his son.
His mother, Queen Wenonah, on the other hand, knew that Prince Matthew was the horse that would take her to the gardens of luxury and happiness. She, too, loved him with all her heart only, contrary to his father, she was very good at pampering and playing with him. He always loved her and came to her. She was overprotective of him, and raised him to be strong because she knew that one day he would become the king. She knew his birth had angered many people who would have become the rulers of the kingdom and also knew that the fact that he was the son of a slave angered a lot of people.
Since his mother used to be a slave, the viceroy honored maids and slaves and treated them as peers and free people. That fact would impact his life significantly later on.
Yet, there was one thing troubling the prince, whose father had provided him with everything but one thing, friendship. He was lonely, suffering in silence. Even his servants and slaves who were of his age avoided him and refused to play with him.
***
One day, a prominent man in the state came to meet King Kendrick in one of the rooms of his palace. Prince Matthew was outside the room, running and playing alone while the king talked to his important visitor. When their conversation ended, the man left the room, and when he saw the prince, he stood in a respectful military posture staring at him. The prince continued running and playing until he noticed the man’s posture, then he stopped running and assumed a respectful posture exchanging with the man he saw for the first time, gazes filled with appreciation. The man was very big, tall, and muscular. His gaze was as sharp as that of an eagle and was strong and scary like lethal arrows. He had short, grayish black hair and no facial hair. Young Matthew had never seen a man with such scary muscles. It was the first time for him to see all these characteristics combined, which filled him with fear, turning his gazes into ones of respect directed at the scary man.
Suddenly, the important visitor said, “Greetings, Prince Matthew. I am your loyal servant, Reid.” He bowed.
That scene would never leave the prince’s memory as long as he should live. He felt that a huge mountain, a broad sea, or a ferocious beast had bowed to him. That was Commander Reid, the commander of King Kendrick’s army.
***
Years went by and everyone grew old including King Kendrick. Ever since the birth of Prince Matthew, which gave the king the greatest joy of his life, something had been troubling the king. What would happen if he died, as expected for a man of his old age? How would his son, who was still a child, rule such a vast kingdom? Yet, at the same time, he wanted the kingdom to stay in the hands of his son and not in the hands of a foreign man.
He kept thinking about that matter a lot until he reached a solution that would help him achieve both objectives, make his son rule after him, and protect the kingdom from loss. It was a very common solution throughout history that was adopted in various kingdoms to protect their rule. The solution was a guardianship council.
He was very sad because he was not going to live with his son for long. He wished his son had been born earlier and wished he had played with him more often.
Kendrick was very smart. After all, he preserved that great kingdom and struck fear into the hearts of all his enemies throughout all those years. When he considered assigning a guardianship council, he realized that appointing one guardian only would allow said guardian to deceive his young son and destroy him in order to take over the kingdom. Therefore, he appointed three guardians in order to create balance between them, such that if one of them tried to take over, the other two would stop him. All three of them needed to be greatly and equally influential, so that each could counter the others should they try to take over. He considered the age his son was to reach for the guardianship council’s mission to end. He did not want him to be too young and inexperienced to rule, nor too old. He wanted his son to rule as soon as possible, so he decided that twenty would be the most appropriate age.
The king became very ill due to his old age and lay in a bed which he knew deep inside was his deathbed. As he lay in that bed, he thought of the identity of those guardians and came up with three men who fitted his requirements. They were Albert, Willard, and Irwin. They were some of the senior figures in his kingdom.
The king promulgated a law providing for the appointment of a guardianship council for the throne in case he died while his son was still under the age of twenty. Provided that said council continued its duties until King Matthew reached the age of twenty, at which time he should become the sole ruler. The identity of these guardians was also revealed. The prince was too young to care for that decision. His mother, on the other hand, was enraged by that decision as she wanted her son and herself to rule together. She discussed the decision with the king many times and asked him, directly and indirectly, to annul it and let her son rule alone, telling him that she would make sure that her son ruled properly.
But the king maintained his decisive reply every time, “I did what is best for Matthew. I cannot let him rule alone while he is still too young to do so. I had to appoint guardians for him. You are a woman and women cannot rule. How can I make you guardian when you have no experience in ruling? Do not worry. I have thought this over, and what I did will guarantee that Matthew rules.”
Days went by and the king was still in his deathbed. One morning, he woke up missing his son deeply, so he ordered a servant to call him. The prince came running, causing the king to smile. The king put his hand on his son’s head and stroked it slowly, like soft waves on the beach. The son watched his father silently as he maintained his calm face. Yet, he had a distinctive feeling of happiness, as that was the first time his father showed him gentleness despite all those years. He wished his father would keep doing that forever. The father, on the other hand, had an overwhelming feeling of happiness mixed with deep regret for never having done so before.
“I want you to always remember me, Matthew. I want you to have good memories of me. I want you to know that you are the most important and sweetest thing that has ever happened to me in my whole life,” the father told his son, knowing that it was time for him to die.
The son did not say a word, nor did his facial expression change.
“Now, go and play... go and play,” said the father.
The son took a last look at him and off he went. As the father watched his son run away, he smiled.
The king died, and when the prince learned of his death, he was in great pain. He cried and felt the harshness of life and the world. He wished his father would live forever. He envied all the other boys whose fathers were still alive and even envied older men whose fathers were still alive. How lucky they are, he thought. He was only ten and the concept of death was too much for him to grasp. His mind could not accommodate the idea of losing someone dear forever and he felt helpless like a tiny creature facing the undefeatable monster called death.
“Are any other dear people going to die, Mother?” he asked.
She replied, with her eyes full of tears, “No, son.”
He said, “I do not want any of my loved ones to die...”
So, Matthew was left fatherless, and kingship was not going to save him from that misery. Wenonah was deeply grieved by the death of King Kendrick, just like any wife losing her husband. Besides, he was the man who turned her from a miserable slave to a free queen. Yet, what she feared the most was that powerful men in the kingdom might plot against her son and could assassinate him anytime. Those men whom King Kendrick had appointed as guardians might want the throne. She did not know them at all, so how could she rest assured that they were not going to take away her son’s life and throne?
“You are the king now, Matthew. I want you to be as invincible as the sky. I want you to act like a king and to strike fear into the hearts of everybody. I do not want you to be sad about King Kendrick for long. You have a great kingdom to rule with care and focus,” she said to King Matthew who looked at her with utmost attention.
She added, planting her ideas in her son’s head, “Always remember that you are the king, and kings do as they wish. No one may question them.”
The young boy listened to that phrase, which echoed deeply in his mind.
A few days later, Matthew was declared the king of the country. Senior figures and nobles of the kingdom came to Fitoma Palace to declare allegiance to him. The young king sat on his throne intimidated by that grand view. To his right stood the three guardians after declaring allegiance to him. While senior figures and nobles of the kingdom approached him from the left side, shook his hand, declared allegiance, and bowed to him as he sat on his throne. Then they moved on to the three guardians, shook their hands, and declared allegiance to them as guardians of the throne.
Suddenly, that important strong man, Reid came. The new king felt relieved to see him.
Reid greeted Matthew, bowed, held his hand, and spoke humbly, “Your loyal servant, My Lord. I sincerely declare allegiance to you as the king of our kingdom.”
He paused for a while and added, “I shall always stay loyal to you, My Lord, for the rest of my life.”
Then, he kissed the king’s hand and walked away.
What just happened? This great man bows to me and kisses my hand? thought the king.
King Matthew had several feelings. He felt afraid. He also had a sense of immense respect, as that great man would not have kissed his hand, despite his young age, if it was not because Matthew was a great man who was feared by the whole kingdom. The most important feeling provoked by these actions, was the king’s sense of tranquility due to being respected by such a great strong man.



Chapter Five


After King Matthew’s accession to the throne, it was time for the guardianship council to hold their first meeting. His mother prepared him, by dressing him properly, combing his hair, and telling him how strong he should be.
“Remember that I want you to be as invincible as the sky,” she kept repeating. “Act like a king… like a man, and not a child.”
The king’s memory became a place full of the instructions which his mother kept repeating until they became deeply implanted in his consciousness, which was exactly what the mother always wanted.
He headed to the hall where the first meeting of the guardianship council was going to be held, while his mother’s words were echoing in his head. When he reached the hall, he found a large number of guards who had spread all over it and a big table in the middle to which the three old guardians had sat. When they saw him, everyone rose in respect for the new king, who walked to and sat on a huge chair in the far end of the hall.
Albert was an old, fat man. He had an orange-died long thick beard and hair that did not hide his more than sixty years of age.
As soon as the king sat down, Albert said, “Welcome, My Lord. We shall now begin to discuss the affairs of the kingdom in your presence.”
The guardians sat on the chairs around the table and started talking immediately as if they had been waiting for that moment. After all, who would not be happy to be in charge of an entire kingdom?
Willard was almost five years younger than Albert. He was tall and thin. He had short grey-black hair, and short-trimmed facial hair. Irwin was the youngest, yet the physically strongest one of them. He had no facial hair. He had black hair, sharp grey eyes, and stern facial expressions.
As they started talking, the king listened, trying to stay as strong as his mother told him to be. Yet, his heart was filled with panic from the moment he saw the old members of the guardianship council.
How can I give orders to such strong old men, when I am only a young lad?
At first, he tried to focus on what they were saying, but he could not stay focused for long because their discussion took a long time. They ignored him and did not address him, nor did they ask him his opinion on any matter. He was really bored, and eventually asked himself, Why don’t they ask me my opinion on what they are discussing? Am I not the king? Shouldn’t the king have the final say?
Those questions were repeated in all later meetings of the guardianship council, which he attended only in the flesh, just like a statue in the hall.
“You look after your own life, My Lord, and we will run the country. Ruling is way beyond someone your age,” said Albert to the king at the beginning of one meeting and the king remained silent.
As meetings went on, he felt enraged because he was not really ruling. He was nothing more than an image of a king, while the true power was with the guardians. Despite his young age, he thought like a king, like older people, especially with the formal, rigid ways with which his father used to treat him, which made him tough. He was in great agony. Anyone that has had something, no matter how simple, taken away will feel furious for being subjected to its injustice. How then, would someone feel as if an entire kingdom had been taken away from him and there was nothing he could do about it? He wished his father was still alive, so those thieves would not dare steal his kingdom.
***
Years went by, and the guardianship council continued their meetings, which the king only attended in flesh, just like a statue. During the first three years following his accession to the throne, the queen kept telling him that he needed to be strong and act like great kings.
“As soon as you reach the age of twenty, you must get rid of the guardians and force them to follow your orders,” she kept reminding him.
She was enraged because she wanted her son to be the only king. That was because she loved him and knew that once he took over the kingdom, so would she, and she would become the supreme authority in the entire kingdom. The king felt sad and angry because he had to wait a long time to reach the age of twenty.
Commander Reid kept visiting the king and expressing his utmost loyalty. It seemed that the king gradually started to develop a feeling of filiation to the commander. He felt as if his father’s soul had reincarnated in the body of Reid, which made him feel secure because a strong man like Commander Reid was loyal to him.
“I would sacrifice my own life for you, My Lord. I would do anything to make you happy. I would even be pleased to let you kill me if you wish so. I love you so much because that is how much I loved your father,” said the commander to the king once, and the young king never forgot those words.
***
The king became thirteen and the council kept on ignoring him.
Once, he asked Commander Reid to go with him to some part of Widea to check on his population and his kingdom. Ever since he was born, the king stayed in palaces and rarely checked on his people. The commander obeyed. He asked the queen’s permission to escort her son, and then he prepared a huge group of soldiers.
The lot set off to some part of Widea led by the king. As he toured the roads of the kingdom, people stood up in respect and cheered his name.
“Long live King Matthew,” “Long live the king,” were some of the phrases people repeated.
While in his cortege, the king noticed the extreme poverty of his people. He sensed poverty in their clothes, houses, shops, and horses. He sensed it in their faces and voices. He noticed that they did not have the luxurious easy life he had and was deeply upset because he felt responsible for all of that. After all, he was the king and his job was to make people happily rich. At the same time, he felt helpless because there was nothing he could do under such stubborn guardians. That thought was further confirmed when one of the people approached him.
“Go away,” said Commander Reid firmly as he grabbed the hilt of his sword.
The man was terrified and stopped.
The king said to the commander, “Leave him.”
The king asked, “What is it that you want?”
The man was in his thirties and obviously very poor.
He said, “My Lord, may you live long. Please, My Lord, reduce the taxes imposed on us. As we were already poor, and when the guardianship council came, they levied more taxes than ever, making us hit rock bottom. Please, My Lord, you are the king, please show mercy.”
The king became angrier and his sense of guilt, and helplessness deepened because he was unable to better the lives of his people. Yet, he did not reply to the man and his cortege moved on as he kept thinking of the poverty his people were living in until he returned to his palace in the evening. He kept thinking, sleeplessly, all night and for days after until one day, in one of the guardianship council’s meeting, something happened.
During that meeting, and as he was listening quietly to their conversation and their monotonous, meaningless voices as if he was listening to the sound of nonstop waterfall, he shouted suddenly, “I want to abolish taxes.”
The sound of the waterfall stopped, and the three men looked with amazement at the king who spoke for the first time ever.
“What did you say, My Lord?” Albert asked.
The king insisted, “I want to abolish the taxes imposed on my population.”
Still amazed, the three men looked at one another.
Albert said, “That is impossible, My Lord.”
Willard said, “My Lord, since the time of your father King Kendrick, we have never invaded anyone. Hence, we have no resources but these taxes. People farm, manufacture, sell, and buy, and we collect taxes in return for protecting their security, lives, and stability.”
“But, people are poor and their lives are miserable,” Mathew insisted. “As a king, my first priority should be ensuring their welfare and happiness.”
Albert said, “If we abolish taxes, My Lord, we will not be able to pay soldiers and state employees. The kingdom will collapse and become vulnerable in the eyes of our enemies.”
“But—” said the king as Irwin interrupted him with his harsh, stubborn, and decisive voice, “We shall not abolish taxes… this is out of the question.”
The king looked into Irwin’s scary grey eyes and fear silenced him. He felt very angry, but could not reply.
“Let us go back to our discussion,” said Albert and the sound of the waterfall resumed as the king watched in silence.
Their words were like catapult rocks bringing down the walls of a castle.
Members of the guardianship council were senior figures in the kingdom and wealthy men, but still sought higher ranks and more wealth. Each one of them wanted to be the top man in the kingdom. They had always fantasized about that, and their chance came when King Kendrick appointed them as guardians. The only reason why they increased taxes, for instance, was to get more money. At the end of the day, they would not let a young boy, even if he was a king, put an end to their dreams. They had an agreement, although not explicit, to share the cake of power and leave nothing for the king.
***
The king spent the next few days reflecting on what happened, and the guardianship council justification for imposing high taxes on citizens, on the grounds that the kingdom did not invade others.
He looked carefully for a solution to that problem until he arrived at an appropriate idea, which was to invade neighboring kingdoms and tribes, have the needed money, and reduce the taxes imposed on his subjects.
In order to implement his idea, he needed the help of a man who possessed two traits, loyalty and strength. And who had more of these two traits than Commander Reid? He wanted to involve him in that matter by any means possible, so he sent for him.
The commander answered the call and headed to him.
“Greetings,” said the commander.
“Welcome,” replied the king.
The commander asked, “How is My Lord?”
“I am fine,” Matthew answered before falling silent.
Trying to encourage the king to talk, the commander asked, “What can I do for you, My Lord?”
The king replied, “I have decided to invade nearby kingdoms and tribes. I want to reduce the taxes imposed on my people, and invasion will provide us with enough money to do so.”
The king paused as the commander looked at him with respect, so the king added, “A strong king must invade and expand his kingdom, and everyone must obey. I am an ambitious king, and that is why I want to expand my kingdom.
“I am also a fair king and conquering nearby lands and kingdoms will bring justice and welfare for these lands.
“We will become stronger united than we are separate. My kingdom will benefit from reduced taxes, and so will the people of these kingdoms and lands. I am fair and fairer than the rulers of these kingdoms and lands.”
The commander looked at the king with admiration and respect as if he had been long waiting to hear those words.
He said, “You talk like a great king, My Lord.
“Indeed, My Lord, you are the greatest of all kings... I am with you on all that you aspire to achieve and I shall help you achieve it. I loved King Kendrick with all my heart and still do but I never shared his view of not invading others.”
The words of the experienced veteran commander pleased the king and made him feel safe for having the commander’s support.
***
It was time for the next meeting of the guardianship council. The king headed there.
The meeting started and the guardians began talking.
The dull waterfall sound started emerging, but the king interrupted it. “I have decided to invade nearby kingdoms and tribes.”
The guardians were shocked into silence and looked at each other.
After a moment, Albert spoke, “My Lord, refraining from invasion was the approach your father adopted all his life, and we cannot change it.”
The king replied, “I want to invade in order to have the money to spend on soldiers and state employees and reduce the taxes imposed on my population.”
Immediately, with a sharp harsh voice, Irwin said, “We will not invade. This is the way we have always been and the way we shall always be.”
As always, the king looked into Irwin’s scary grey eyes, and had mixed feelings of fear and extreme rage. Again, their words, fell like catapult rocks destroying the walls of a castle.
Chapter Six


One day, the king and his mother went in a cortege of numerous guards and servants to visit a prince who was related to the king. The prince and his wife, who was a princess, greeted the king and the queen warmly when they arrived at their house, which was more like a palace. The king and the queen sat down with the prince and his wife in one of the balconies of the house. It was surrounded by beautifully decorated columns and a lot of climber plants. The prince and his wife were almost thirty years of age.
A young female slave entered immediately to serve them.
The king looked at the young slave astonished by her beauty, How beautiful she is!
The prince and the princess started talking to the queen while the king kept looking at the slave.
She had eyes as big as the sky and as blue as the sea, a complexion as white as snow, long hair as dark as the night, lips as pink as roses, and a relatively tall body as beautiful as that of a deer. The king wished he could talk to her, but he was very shy, as he was not used to talking with people, because he did not have friends. Also, she was the first girl his age he had ever wanted to talk to.
His mother was talking to the prince and the princess, but he was not listening. He could only think of one thing, that slave. He kept peeking at her then looking away time after time. He really hoped that her beauty would last forever.
The beautiful slave noticed his frequent looks and realized that he was interested in her. The prince, too, noticed the king’s interest in the slave, as well as his shyness.
So the prince decided to break the ice, “My Lord, I suggest, after the queen’s permission, of course, that you and my slave go take a look around our house and the outside garden.”
He paused then asked, “Do you agree?”
Yes, I agree, thought the king, but remained silent due to his extreme shyness. He also feared that, if he agreed, the image of the strong king in the eyes of the prince, the princess and his mother would be compromised, the image that his mother had ordered him to maintain at all times. He looked at his mother, as if he was asking her permission to go with the slave.
She smiled, understanding what her son wanted, “If you want to go with her, go.”
The young king was very happy.
The boy and girl went out together.
The girl said, “So, you are King Matthew.”
He, still shy, nodded but he put an end to his shyness when he summoned his courage and asked her, “What is your name?”
“Heather,” replied the slave. “Forget the house and the garden and let’s play. I shall hide and you look for me.”
The kids played and ran as Matthew forgot he was a king, for a moment, and felt like a happy child. They went on playing in the yard like two butterflies. He did not care if a soldier, a servant, or a slave saw him, nor for the possibility that someone would tell people what the king was doing, which would undermine his image in their eyes. Those moments were the happiest moments in his life and he wished they would last forever.
Heather was flying in the sky of happiness because she was playing with Matthew. But, what made her even happier was the fact that she was playing with the king of the entire kingdom.
Suddenly, their playing was interrupted by a soldier sent by Queen Wenonah. “The queen wishes to leave and wants you, My Lord, to join her.”
The king looked at Heather, “I shall not leave alone. You are coming with me…and you shall…stay with me forever.”
She looked at him and smiled.
Soon enough, the king headed to where the queen, the prince, and the princess were.
He said to the prince, “I would like to buy Heather from you.”
The prince looked at his wife and the queen, “Very well, My Lord, as you wish. She is yours for free.”
Neither the prince nor anyone else could say no to the king.
Since that day, Heather had become the king’s whole life. She saved him from the desert of loneliness where he used to live and took him to the garden of happiness. Despite she was a slave, he treated her as his peer because he had never loved anyone or anything so much and he used to respect slaves and treat them as his peers because his mother was a slave once. He felt that if all the happiness in the universe was to gather in the heart of one man, it would not compare to the happiness he felt.
He did everything for her and respected her. Whenever she was sad, he would try to make her happy. He would apologize if he unintentionally upset her, which hardly ever happened.
One day, the king and Heather led a cortege to visit a minister who invited the king to a horse farm of his.
The king spent the day with Heather there. As they were riding horses, touring the farm and having fun, the minister brought one of his horses. It was a very beautiful black horse that shone under sunlight. It had a wide white stripe on its forehead. The king and Heather liked the horse as soon as they saw it.
“This, My Lord, is my favorite horse. I bought it for sixty golden coins,” said the minister. “I would not exchange it for all the treasures in the world. I call it Beuta and love it so much.”
He paused then added, “Why don’t you ride it, My Lord, and enjoy its company?”
“Very well,” said the king then rode Beuta around the farm.
After a while he returned to Heather, “Would you like to try it?”
She replied, “Of course. It is so beautiful.”
She loved horses a lot and would not miss the chance to ride a horse that was as beautiful and unique as Beuta.
She rode it around the farm then returned to the king, “This is the most beautiful horse I have ever seen, My Lord. I wish we would buy it.”
The minister looked at her angrily. He did not like the fact that a slave, even if she was the king’s slave, would dare ask for his favorite horse.
“Beuta is not for sale,” he said harshly.
“How dare you speak to her this way?” the king shouted at his minister. “I will take the horse, and you tell the palace of the price you want, and they will send you the money.”
The minister was incensed. Yet, he knew that there was nothing he could do when it came to the king’s orders.
After a long period of silence, the minister said, “Very well, My Lord, your wish will be fulfilled.”
Although Heather did not like trouble, she was glad that the king took her side against the minister, which showed how much he loved her.
The king was fond of Heather, that he told her time after time, “I love you so much that I do not mind that you become the queen and I become your slave.”
He always promised her, “I am going to marry you, Heather, as soon as I can.”



Chapter Seven


The guardianship council became known to the population as the “Three Guardians.” Everybody realized they were the actual rulers, not the king. The Three Guardians wreaked havoc in the kingdom. They kept increasing taxes, getting richer at the expense of the population. They also treated people unfairly and bullied them.
The king continued telling the Three Guardians of his proposal to decrease taxes and invade nearby kingdoms and tribes, but they continued rejecting and ignoring him. They even began to speak to him rudely in many instances, particularly Irwin. Just as he was fed up with them, they were fed up with his frequent interventions because they wanted to rule alone. Whenever he escalated the matter, they would become even more stubborn and insolent with him. Things were heading to a disaster.
His sense of anger kept building up until it became like a big mountain on his chest, especially with his mother’s repeated attempts to turn him against them.
She was furious because neither her son nor she was in control. She often said to him, “I wish there was a way to get rid of the guardians. You are the king and you should be ruling alone, not them. How can we wait until you reach the age of twenty while they are wreaking havoc in the kingdom and ruling alone?”
He called for Commander Reid to consult him regarding the guardians’ violations. The commander arrived and greeted the king.
The king said, “I am fed up with the Three Guardians, Reid. I can no longer stand their actions. Tell me what to do?”
Reid looked carefully at the young king and said, out of extensive experience, “You, My Lord, are the king and you may do as you please.”
With that, he said what he had been long waiting to say because he wanted to have the king do something specific.
His few words had a great impact on the king and made him think, Yes, I am the king and the king is the main person in his kingdom and he can do as he pleases. No one in his kingdom may question or object to him. Yes, I am the king and I can do whatever I want.
The commander left, and the king kept thinking carefully for days, building on the commander’s words. A few days later, the king decided something, so he called for the commander and told him about it.
***
Commander Reid was thirty-six years old. He came from Maloms tribe, who lived in the west of Widea near its borders with the neighboring kingdom and lived on trade between the two neighboring kingdoms. The tribe was loyal to the kings of Widea, but was not very strong or good at defending itself.
When Reid was only eight, Vogers tribe attacked Maloms and killed most of its people. Young Reid was hiding under the bed when one of Vogers broke into his house. He watched him fencing with his father as each one struck the other one’s sword twice. The assailant was stronger than Reid’s father, and stabbed him in his belly that the sword got through all the way out of his back. Young Reid watched that from under his bed, shaking with horror, and suddenly he became overwhelmed with sorrow for his father. That happened again when the assailant stabbed his mother to death, killed his two brothers, and then looted the house without noticing the young boy under the bed.
The Vogers left after committing that massacre. Reid was horrified by their excessive savagery and was filled with pain, and hate. He was certain that no one could feel the same way as he did because he had lost everything. He felt that his life was over and meaningless. He did not have any goal or purpose in his life except maybe to have his revenge on the Vogers. He prayed to God against them and asked him to provide him with a mighty courageous knight to avenge him as he was too young and his tribe had vanished. Hence, victory must come from another party. After a while, God eventually answered his prayers well and retaliated against his enemies when King Kendrick came to the land of Maloms tribe and met with those who were still alive. It was the first time for Reid to see him.
“I swear to God, I shall never sleep until I have killed all of Vogers,” said King Kendrick firmly, filled with rage as Reid looked at that strong courageous knight with whom God had answered his prayers.
The king’s promise was fulfilled as he sent a huge army, which punished Vogers by killing every single one of them. With Vogers annihilated, all the negative emotions in Reid’s heart vanished.
The king ordered that an amount of money be paid from the kingdom’s treasury to every living member of Maloms tribe, which, of course, included Reid who continued to receive that generous assistance until the age of twenty.
Reid realized the chivalry of the king and wanted to return his favor by any means possible, so he joined the king’s army. He kept advancing in the army until, as years went by, he became its commander.
He loved the king more than he had ever loved anyone else. The only exception was King Matthew, whom the commander loved even more than his own sons.
***
It became time for another meeting of the Three Guardians. As always, King Matthew, who was sixteen years old then, attended, only that time he was not alone. He was accompanied by Commander Reid.
Albert said, “My Lord, only you, us, and the guards are allowed to attend our meetings.”
The king replied firmly, “I decided to bring Commander Reid with me wherever I go, even this room, and he shall only listen without intervening with what you have to say.”
The Three Guardians looked at one another suspiciously, but continued their discussion guardedly. A few moments later, the guards started leaving the hall. The guardians stopped talking and looked to one another, the king, and the commander. The commander pulled his sword out quietly and confidently and approached the Three Guardians.
They were terrified.
Albert asked with horror, “What are you going to do?”
The commander did not reply, and kept walking with his harsh facial expressions, until he reached Albert and struck him, slitting his throat. His blood covered his red beard.
The other two guardians pulled their swords, but retreated from the commander as they knew that they were no match for him. There was no escape because the doors were tightly locked.
The king had put them in a locked cage like three mice with a lion. Slowly and confidently, the commander approached Willard, who realized that the only way out was by killing Reid. They hit each other’s swords twice until Reid struck Willard’s chest. Irwin was uselessly trying to open one of the doors with both of his hands. The commander approached him the same way. As he reached him, Irwin turned around and their swords hit one another several times. Irwin showed some resistance compared to his mates but the commander was stronger than him, and eventually knocked his sword away. Reid dropped his sword and used his fists to punch Irwin twice in his face bringing him down to his knees. He grabbed Irwin’s head tightly and twisted it breaking his neck with his scary grey eyes wide open.
That was the last time the king saw those grey eyes of which he was always so fearful. That fear had gone forever.
Although the king was only sixteen, he was tough. Despite the red blood all over the hall and the view of the three dead bodies, he never trembled. The commander was waiting for that moment all along and he said what he said to the king a few days ago because he wanted to encourage him to make such decision. He wanted him to rule as long as he could because he loved him so much. In addition, he was unhappy with the injustice of the Three Guardians.
***
The news of the massacre spread quickly in the kingdom. Everybody knew that the Three Guardians were gone forever. Everybody knew that the king was then in full control and the real and only ruler of Widea Kingdom. People in the kingdom became terrified of him and started obeying him without questions because they realized that he, despite his young age, was a strong, harsh king who would strike anyone who opposed him with an iron fist.
***
At last, the king was rid of the Three Guardians and relieved from that heavy burden. There was nothing to ruin his life anymore, and he was then free to tend to his affairs and do things that would make him happy. He quickly freed Heather, married her, and announced her as a second queen for the kingdom next to his mother.
Heather became his whole life and more important than anything else including his kingship and wealth. He lived a happy life with her and felt that he was the happiest man in the world. Life had smiled on him, the sun had risen, and spring had come.
One day, as he and Heather were sitting in their palace, she asked, “Why did you kill the Three Guardians, My King? Was there not any other way?”
“They were tyrants,” he replied. “They treated people unfairly and did not involve me in ruling. Killing them was the only solution.
“You are soft, Heather, and kind-hearted. This softness of women does not help with ruling. Kings need to be harsh and tough, otherwise they will lose their rule, and their kingdoms will become corrupted.”
“Is it true that you intend to reduce taxes and invade nearby kingdoms and tribes?” she asked innocently.
“Yes, that is true,” he replied.
Destiny was harsh on Heather when she was enslaved at such young age. Yet, destiny made it up for her when she was married to a king and, consequently, became a queen. It was a leap from bottom to top. She appreciated that gift and wanted it to last without any disturbance. That was why she loved peace and stability and hated war and trouble. She was kind-hearted, and therefore did not wish anyone harm.
With her very beautiful face, she looked at him with an innocent irresistible look, “I agree on reducing taxes.”
Then, with her tender voice, she said, “But, I need to beg something from you, My Lord. Please, do not invade anyone. Please, let us live in happiness and peace away from bloodshed and war, please.”
He replied, “I told you that you are soft, Heather. And this softness does not help with ruling. If I do not invade, I will not be able to get any money, which means that I cannot reduce taxes. Besides, I am an ambitious king, and the current size of my kingdom is too small for my ambition. I am fairer than the kings of these kingdoms and leaders of these tribes. Conquering their lands will only bring good to their people.”
Insisting on her request, she said, “There must be another way to get money and reduce taxes.”
Then, with her innocent look and tender voice, she added, “If you really love me, do not invade anyone.”
He was madly in love with her and would never say no to her.
Since he really wanted to invade, he tried to avoid approving her request by saying, “I shall think about it.”
She continued begging him not to invade, and it became impossible for him to say no to her, so he eventually agreed, despite his eagerness to invade. He reduced taxes anyway, providing the needed money from his own funds and those of the royal family. He also spent the money in the state’s treasury.
***
The king lived happily and spread justice in his kingdom. His justice was the sun that ended the darkness of the Three Guardians. He was a king who was loved by his people, but who was feared by them at the same time. He had a happy life and everything he wanted, especially Heather who was his whole life.
People knew of his love for her, that she was the most important thing in his life, and that he would do anything to please her.
King Matthew and Queen Heather had a baby boy they called Harlem. The king and the queen were extremely happy with their son. The king loved his prince son so much. After all, he was his firstborn and would inherit his throne.
Thirteen years later, King Matthew and Queen Heather had a baby girl they called Florrie. Both the king and the queen were very happy with their daughter, who looked very much like her mother as if they were twins or even the same person. Her eyes were as big as the sky and as blue as the sea. She was as white as snow. Her lips were as pink as roses. The king loved his princess daughter a lot. How could he not love someone who was so identical to Heather, the most precious thing in his life?

Chapter Eight


A merchant asked to meet King Matthew, who used to meet people all the time and listen to their complaints, requests, and sometimes praise. The king agreed to meet the merchant. He came in and stood before the king who sat in his chair.
He bowed to the king, and then stood up. “Greetings, My Lord.”
“Welcome,” replied the king.
“I am your loyal servant Baldwin, My Lord,” said the merchant. “I am a merchant in your kingdom. I started trading when I was still young. I have been visiting several distant lands, and I always collect thoroughbred horses from all those lands.”
He smiled and added, “I have learned of your generosity, My Lord, as you reduced taxes and made people happy, which was just what we expected from a noble man of such descent. I want to give you a modest gift, My Lord. Please, consider it a gift from your loyal people.”
The king looked coldly at him. “But it is I who gives gifts to people and not the other way around.”
The merchant begged, “Please, My Lord, accept my gift and do not turn me down. You have given your people so many gifts, and this is only a fraction of what you generously give. I want to give you one hundred thoroughbred horses, which I collected from the various countries I have been to.
“Please, My Lord, accept my gift and do not turn me down.”
The king thought for a moment, then, because he loved his people so much and would not like to make any of them sad, he approved, “Very well. I accept your gift.”
The merchant was very pleased. “Thank you, My Lord. I will send the horses to Mazara Palace with one of my slaves to tell you and Her Majesty, the queen, who loves horses as I was told, about each horse, its name, age, and where it came from.”
Before leaving, the merchant said, “Thank you, My Lord, for accepting my gift. I shall never forget this favor.”
***
The horses were delivered to Mazara Palace, led by the slave whom the merchant mentioned to the king. Mazara Palace was one of the king’s many places throughout Widea. The king and his wife used to visit it frequently and enjoyed riding the many horses it had. The slave was of strong physique and full-bodied. He had thick brown hair and light brown facial hair. Queen Heather used to visit Mazara Palace alone every Wednesday. She loved horses so much, and people knew that about her. One Wednesday, she came to Mazara Palace and asked about the new horses the king told her about. She was eager to see all those many thoroughbred horses, ride as many of them as she could, and hear whatever the slave had to tell her about them.
The slave was summoned for her.
She said, “Welcome.”
Looking at the ground, he replied, “Greetings, My Queen.”
With her innocent smile, she said, “Let’s go and see the horses. I cannot wait.”
“Yes, Your Majesty,” said the slave. “This way, Your Majesty.”
She started walking followed by guards and the slave, who showed her the way until they reached the horses.
The slave said, “We have one hundred horses, Your Majesty. We shall take three of them each time, and I shall tell you about them as you ride them one by one. Then we shall return here and take another three. We shall be escorted by two guards who will ride the other two horses. We shall repeat this until you tell me to stop.”
“I shall never tell you to stop,” the horse-loving queen said with a beautiful innocent smile.
The Chief Guard said, “We must all stay with you, Your Majesty. These are the king’s orders.”
The slave said, “Are two guards not enough? If you all go with us, we will be delayed, and the queen will never be able to ride all the horses. Two guards will not hold the queen back.”
“He is right,” confirmed the queen.
“But, Your Majesty, the king’s orders are not to leave you no matter what,” the Chief Guard insisted.
She said, “The king is not here now. I am the queen and I act for the king in his absence. I order you to send two guards only with me.”
The Chief Guard nodded in obedience and ordered two guards to go with her.
She rode one of the horses, and the guards rode two other horses. While the slave held her horse by its bridle and started leading it toward the farm moving away from the guards, followed by two guards on horseback.
The slave started telling her about the horse she was riding. “This horse, Your Majesty, is called Amaro. It is from Saqaya Kingdom in the Far East. My Lord bought it for a high price.”
The slave kept telling her about the horse as he went further into the farm, followed by her and the two guards. She then rode another horse, and he started telling her about it as he went further into the farm followed by them. Then she rode the last horse and he started telling her about it as he went further into the farm, followed by them, until they became too far from the guards.
Suddenly, he pulled his sword out and the queen screamed with panic. The guards dismounted, knowing that he was about to assassinate her. However, he was too strong, and struck the first guard’s sword with his, then cut his chest open. He then struck the second guard’s sword and struck his leg, bringing him down to his knees, where he stabbed him to death. The queen had already dismounted and ran toward the guards who had stayed far behind and had not gone with her, but the slave, who was faster than her, ran quickly and caught up to her, grabbed her by the shoulder, and stabbed her in the back pushing his sword all the way out of her belly.
He said, “This is what happens when you marry an unfair king.”
She fell to the ground covered in blood with her eyes full of tears as her terrified soul left her body forever.
The last thing she could think of was, Why? What did I do to you?
The slave threw a wrapped letter on her body and took off quickly on the back of one of the horses, filled with great joy for fulfilling his scheme at last.
***
The usher of Mazara Palace sent a messenger to the king, begging him to come quickly to the palace because something serious had happened.
The messenger entered the biggest hall of Fitoma Palace, where the king sat on his throne in the far end of the hall. He bowed to the king, then stood up and greeted him.
“What news do you carry?” the king asked.
The messenger replied, “I was sent by the usher of Mazara Palace, who begs you to go there because something serious has happened.”
“What is this serious matter?” shouted the king angrily. “Has anything happened to Queen Heather?”
Trembling, the slave lied and went on, “I swear to God, My Lord, I do not know. The usher sent me with the message I have just told you. I insisted on knowing what happened, but he refused to tell me.”
The king stood up, approached the messenger, grabbed him tightly by his collar, and asked him again with an increasingly louder voice, “Has anything happened to Queen Heather?”
The messenger lied again, “I swear I do not know, My Lord.”
The king became nervous, and his heart started beating faster. He thought that the queen might have fallen off her horse breaking a bone or sustaining some injury, or perhaps some of the staff of the palace, a guard or someone else, had offended her. He had never guessed what really happened to her. He ordered a squad of his personal guards to assemble and await his arrival. Then he led it to Mazara Palace personally.
The usher was aware of how much the king loved Queen Heather and knew that as soon as he told the king what happened, there would be great bloodshed. The usher did not want to be part of it. Therefore, he did not include the news about the queen’s murder in his message to the king. He repeatedly reminded the messenger that he should not tell the king what happened, no matter how much he insisted, even if he amputated his limbs and crucified him at the gate of Cintana.
“What happened?” shouted the king like a furious lion. “Where is Queen Heather? Has anything happened to her?”
The terrified trembling usher did not reply until the king shouted, “Answer me. Why are you silent? Has anything happened to Queen Heather?”
The terrified trembling usher realized that he had to say something. “Go to your bedroom in the palace, My Lord, and you will understand everything.”
The king ran to his bedroom as fast as a leopard as his heart was beat faster and faster, until he reached the bedroom and opened the door to see a horrible sight.
His beloved Heather, his life, was lying on the bed with her body, her dress, and the bed covered with blood. He stood there with his eyes wide open staring at her, shocked by horror. For a few moments, he stood there unable to comprehend what had happened. She did not fall from a horse, break a bone, or sustain some injury. None of the staff of the palace, guards, or anyone else offended her. She was murdered and left the world forever.
As he began to comprehend what had happened, he approached the bed very slowly, fell to his knees, and begged, “Heather, answer me. Heather, answer me.”
But, she did not answer him, so he held her in his hands. “Heather, why are you quiet?”
As tears were falling from his eyes like a waterfall, he let out a shriek louder than he had ever done or would ever do, “Nooooo!! Nooooo!! Nooooo!!” His body was not big enough for all the pain and sorrow sweeping through his heart and burning his soul. The king hugged the queen until her blood covered his face and clothes.
He said, with his eyes full of tears, with a breaking voice, “No…do not leave, Heather. Do not leave me alone, my life… have I not told you several times that you are my life? Now that you are gone, what can I call what is left of my lifetime? It is definitely not a life. Do not leave, my love...”
Then, he started crying aloud, holding his life tightly.
He kept holding her and crying loudly for quite some time, and then he stopped as he noticed the wrapped letter on the bed.
He opened the letter and read it.

“This is your punishment for what you did to the Three Guardians, you spoiled lad.
Best regards,
Frederick, son of Albert.”

He threw the letter on the floor, then put the queen on the bed and lay beside her, holding her.
He said slowly and quietly, with her blood all over his face, hands, and clothes, “Why? Why? Why? I wish they had taken away my entire kingdom, family, and money and left you, Heather. I loved you like no other man has ever loved a woman. My love for you was greater than all the love all people in the entire universe have and will ever have for one another.”
He wished he was not born a prince and had not become a king. He wished he was an ordinary man from the general public in return for a long happy life with Heather.
He remembered what he told his mother when his father died. “I don’t want any of my loved ones to die… I don’t want that.”
He remembered how he met Heather for the first time and how happily he lived with her. He remembered all those heavenly moments, which were then gone forever. He remembered how he used to be the happiest man in the world and how she was his whole life. In a single moment, the moment she died, he fell from paradise to hell.
He felt naive for believing the merchant-slave lie, which turned out to be a conspiracy perpetrated by the son of Albert. He felt great remorse and that it was his fault.
He also felt remorse for another reason, which was the fact that she was murdered for what he did to the Three Guardians.
The king remained lying on the bed, holding his life, and talking to her for more than a whole day. Nothing would compensate for her loss, even all the women in the world. His first decision after her murder was never to touch a woman after her, although he was still young at that time, and he intended on keeping his promise.
Suddenly, he stood up, that time filled with rage in addition to pain. All he could think of was revenge.
He shouted angrily, “Usher… Usher.”
The usher and the guards who had come with the king had been waiting at the door since the day before, listening to the king.
Trembling, the usher came in quickly.
The king said, “Go, and bring me Reid, now.” Then he shouted, “Now!”
The usher ran fast, and sent someone to get Commander Reid for the king.
The commander came as quickly as he could.
He entered the room and was shocked when he saw the queen murdered and covered in blood. The king was sitting on the side of the bed with his elbows on his knees and his hands supporting his chin, staring at the floor. Tears were falling from his eyes. Reid could not come to terms with the queen’s death and how and why she died. He was in deep sorrow and pain because he knew how much the king loved her.
The king said angrily with a voice of someone who obviously had been crying, “Get me Frederick, son of Albert, wherever he might be.”
Then he shouted, “Even if he is in the land of jinn. Even if you have to look for him in hell.”
The king paused for a moment then added, “And the guards who were with Heather. Gather them and send them to Fitoma Palace. Do not let any of them leave until I have seen them.”
He paused again then added, “And the families of the Three Guardians. Kill them all, every child, woman, and old man of them as well as everyone related to the Three Guardians. Even if they were enemies to the respective guardian, they must be killed.”
He finished with extreme harshness, “If, even in hundred years, I learn that any relative of the Three Guardians is still alive, I will have you killed, Reid. I will have you killed in cold blood.”
That was one of the very rare occasions for the king to be so harsh on Reid and threaten him. Such occasions were as rare as diamonds. That was because of the gravity of what had happened. Reid appreciated the king’s anger and pain because, like everyone else, he knew that Heather was the king’s whole life. He felt that the king was like an erupting volcano that would burn anyone who came near it. Therefore, he chose not to discuss the matter with him as the time was not appropriate for that at all.
Reid said submissively and quietly, “As you wish, My Lord.”
Then he left the room to do as the king ordered him to.
***
Impatiently, Frederick had been waiting all those years to avenge his father, Albert. He frequently tried to control the horses of hate and rage inside him in order to come up with a plan that would be carried out perfectly, because even a tiny mistake would cause the plan to fail. Eventually, in Mazara Palace, he released his hate and anger, which killed Heather, thus, killed the heart of the king who was madly in love with her.
Frederick was a mean person by nature. He would never forgive anyone who offended him, no matter what he did to get his forgiveness. He always defeated his rivals and was a spoiled man who had everything he wanted. At the time of King Kendrick, Frederick’s father was a senior figure in the kingdom. He was close to the king and came immediately next to the royal family. He was even more influential than some members of the royal family. Therefore, Frederick lived like a prince. That was increased many folds during the time of King Matthew as his father was the leader of the Three Guardians and the actual ruler of the kingdom, and Frederick was like the viceroy and not just any prince.
When he started planning his revenge, he did not want to kill the king because that would relieve him. He wanted to break his heart forever just like the king had broken his heart. He wanted something that would turn the king’s life into eternal hell. Therefore, he had to kill the person whom the king loved the most, and whom did the king love more than Heather?
The second reason for choosing to kill Heather instead of the king, was how difficult it was to kill him, because he was always surrounded by guards and everyone was expecting an attempt on his life. Furthermore, he was very cautious and did not mingle with anyone. Heather, on the other hand, and despite her many guards, was not guarded as heavily as the king, and no one was expecting an attempt on the queen’s life rather than the king. In addition, she used to mingle more with others.
As he planned his revenge and set his target, Frederick thought of a way to get to the queen. Assassinating her in a cortege would be very difficult due to the large number of guards and the rare occasions when she would go out to ordinary places. She mostly moved between palaces and that was why Frederick decided to get to her in one of them. Naturally, Frederick’s father, Albert, had his own men in the palaces, through which Frederick knew how much the queen loved horses and that she frequently went to Mazara Palace to ride them. He decided to base his plan on that fact. From them also, he knew the timing of her weekly trip to Mazara Palace. He also knew that she often went there alone, without the king, which would make his mission even easier. He prepared his plan and sent one of his men with the one hundred horses pretending to be a merchant. Frederick could have sent anyone else to Mazara Palace, but he wanted to accomplish the mission personally in order to enjoy revenge and watch Heather, the king’s only love, die a painful death. Besides, that mission required substantial physical strength, which he had.
Just as he mastered that plan, Frederick had planned its conclusion, which was running away. He had gathered his mother, brothers, and sisters and told them about his plan. He then sent them somewhere unknown far from Widea Kingdom. After killing Heather he rode a horse and took off very quickly to somewhere that no human, jinn, or a king grieved by the death of his beloved wife knew.
***
When Queen Wenonah heard the tragic news, she became very sad.
She preferred to wait a few days before talking to her son, because she knew that his fury could burn everyone around him.
After a few days, she went to her son, who was in his room, sitting on his bed with his head down staring at the floor. His grief was so huge. When she saw him, she started crying.
“Hello, Matthew,” she said but he did not reply.
She added, “How are you, Matthew?”
He did not reply, as he sat there like a statue, which made her suspect that he had become deaf.
She realized that there was no point in persistence, so she decided to say what she had prepared in the last few days. “I know, Son, that no one can feel as sad as you are, but you need to have patience and be strong. God gave you the great gift of ruling when you were still young. In return, he tested you with even greater things, taking away the ones you loved the most, your father and Heather.
“You need to be patient, hold yourself together, and be strong, because these are the characteristics of great kings and because you have mean enemies who will seize any opportunity, when you seem weak and vulnerable, to attack you.”
He did not reply at all. She started crying silently, because she did not want him to think that he, the great king, was pitied. She left the room while he remained the same way. No words, no matter who said them, could have comforted him at all. What happened could not be remedied.



Chapter Nine


Quickly, Commander Reid started carrying out the king’s orders, one by one. He knew that the king was so angry that any failure in carrying out his orders would have serious consequences.
He sent dozens of army brigades everywhere searching for Frederick after knowing what he looked like and providing the troops with his description. He told them not to return without Frederick even if they had to go to the Kingdom of jinn, as King Matthew ordered.
He then ordered large strong brigades to go and kill the families of the Three Guardians, with him leading the biggest brigade. Soldiers started breaking into the houses of the families of the Three Guardians, killing them all, including children, women, and old men. The fear in the eyes and faces of the families of the Three Guardians affected the soldiers, including their commander. They were terrified like rabbits hunted down by lions, which they were shaking and scared as they moved. Most of them begged the soldiers to spare their lives telling them they had nothing to do with the Three Guardians, except that they were related to them. They told them that they had not approved the Three Guardians’ actions, greed, and injustice, that they had not been aware of Frederick’s plan, and that they had not approved what he did. When they gave up on trying to convince the soldiers to spare their lives, they begged the soldiers to spare the lives of children, women, and old men, without success.
Reid remembered the massacre of his people, the Maloms, at the hands of Vogers. Same blood, same dead bodies, and same injustice…yes, same injustice, as he was aware that what he and his soldiers did was great injustice.
He started thinking, What have I done? What fault did all these people commit, so that they get punished for what one man, or even four, if we add Frederick to the Three Guardians, had done? Even if they had some fault, what fault did those children, women, and old men commit? How, after all these years, could I do the very same thing that destroyed my whole life?
Yet, he believed that he had to do what he did because he could not disobey the king. He was aware that the only difference between the massacre he committed and the one of Maloms was that there would not be a courageous man like King Kendrick to avenge those people who were unfairly killed.
The commander had immediately carried out the king’s orders when he told him to keep Queen Heather’s guards detained in Fitoma Palace. The king decided to kill all the guards. People were gathered in front of Fitoma Palace and the king was there, as was the commander.
“My Lord, Queen Heather ordered us not to go with her as she rode the horses because she did not want us to hold her back,” the Chief Guard said as he trembled with fear.
The king did not reply. Commander Reid knew what the unspoken reply of the king was, as the king ordered them not to leave the queen no matter what, and following the king’s orders was more important than following the queen’s.
The king called the soldier who would carry out the executions and said to him harshly, “Chop off their heads one after the other. Leave their leader till the end, so that he learns that a leader is responsible for the actions of his soldiers, and that he must follow his orders no matter what.”
The soldiers were trembling with fear as people watched. It is true that a soldier expects death all the time at the hands of his enemies, whereas death at the hands of his king and a soldier in his country’s army where he serves, and in front of his own people, is very humiliating.
There was a log fitted above ground level.
The first soldier was brought as he kept begging the king in a humiliating manner, “Have mercy, My Lord.”
But, the king did not reply as his facial expressions and his eyes were very harsh. The soldier was forced to kneel, and then his head was fitted on the log, with his hands and feet tied. The executioner pulled his sword out and chopped off the soldier’s head in cold blood, while the other soldiers were trembling. Blood ran around the dead body, and people screamed. But the king was stone cold and did not care at all. The view was repeated several times as the soldiers begged the king uselessly and they all were decapitated. Finally, it was the Chief Guard’s turn after suffering the view of his soldiers’ heads being chopped off, just as the king wanted.
The Chief Guard shouted, “She ordered us not to go with her…”
He kept repeating the same words uselessly, as his head was chopped off while the king watched without even blinking.
Commander Reid, who had always been tough, was sad because of that. Yet, he would accept anything the king did.
***
Heather’s murder was like a skilled thief who stole happiness and mercy from the king’s heart. It was a dark cloud covering all the beauty in the universe, so that the eyes of the lover king could not see it any more.
The people of Widea began to fear him and made sure they never made him angry because that good kind-hearted king was replaced with an angry one seeking revenge, with all of his strength.
Finding Frederick became his only obsession, which deprived him of sleep.
I will never rest until I find Frederick. I will never rest until I kill your murderer, Heather, was what he kept thinking.
Days went by and Widea’s soldiers kept searching for Frederick everywhere without success. As time went by, Commander Reid sent bigger brigades with more soldiers without success, because looking for one man in that vast world was like looking for a needle in a huge pile of hay. Frederick had prepared for a very long journey months before killing the queen. He had planned a long time ago to kill her, and he was only one man and could move much faster and easier than soldiers in numbers. Therefore, he disappeared forever like sand dispersed by the wind.
After a long time, the king realized that it was impossible to find Frederick and felt very furious.
When his anger climaxed, he shouted, “Damn…you Frederick, you low life. How can such a lowly despicable man defeat a great king to whom kings bow? I shall never accept Heather’s death no matter what. I shall never calm down. My rage shall never fade…everybody will pay, everybody in the world.”
He had been carefully reflecting on that last sentence in particular, ever since he lost Heather. He decided to invade the whole world and never stop until he conquered the whole world and dominated all the people in it, because that was the only thing that would comfort him.
He called for Commander Reid. “I have decided to invade the kingdoms and tribes around us, then the kingdoms and tribes around them, and I shall not stop until I have conquered the entire world and dominated all the people in the world.”
The commander looked at the king respectfully and realized, although that was difficult to achieve, the king was serious.
Therefore, he approved, “As you wish, My Lord.”
“We shall start with the tribe of the Prouds,” said the king.
The commander was astonished because the Prouds tribe was known for being the strongest tribe of all. Surely, the king knew how strong they were and how his ancestors, kings of Widea, failed to conquer their lands for centuries but he wanted to show everybody how strong he was by attacking a strong target. He wanted to strike fear into the hearts of everyone.
“As you wish, My Lord,” said the commander.
After leaving the king’s council, the commander started mobilizing the army then headed to the strong invincible tribe of the Prouds.




Part III
The Proud


Chapter Ten


The Prouds were the descendants of their greatest Elder, who was nicknamed The Proud as he was known to refuse any injustice and to submit to any oppressor.
His name was Andrew. He was born hundreds of years before the era of Leader Addison, in a small town in the dessert, which had small houses made of mud.
He lived his childhood with his parents and sister in one of the town’s houses.
Lambert, his father, was one of the Brave Protectors. It was a group of knights from the town in which Andrew was born, from the nearby towns, and from the nearby city which was called Rawna.
The purpose of it was to protect the wronged weak people who lived in all those places. Its knights did not take anything in return as they had a noble goal.
Their center was in Rawna City. At the time of Lambert, they were led by Jepson, a very brave man who was called the Teacher by the knights of the Brave Protectors.
Their main enemies were the Grey Eagles, which were a well-known group of a lot of bandits. They were used to attacking villages, towns near Rawna City, and, sometimes, even neighborhoods in Rawna City itself. They were used to killing men, taking women and children and turning them into slaves, and looting places they attacked.  They were closer to an army than a group of bandits. They were nicknamed the Grey Eagles because they were used to wearing grey clothes and because when they attacked a place, they destroyed it completely as eagles when they attack their prey.
Their injustice pushed a knight called Benjamin to form the Brave Protectors, Which was the only side that could stop the Grey Eagles or at least oppose them.
Andrew’s mother, the wife of Lambert, was Tania.
As Lambert realized that his family and he were living in a tough environment, he decided that he should raise Andrew to be powerful, to refuse injustice, and to protect his dignity.
Lambert and Tania concentrated on raising Andrew to become a good person who respected other people and their rights.
As he grew up, his parents recognized that he was different. He was calm and clever, much more than his peers as if he was much older than his true age.
***
As Lambert was always used to fighting among the Brave Protectors, once, he was going to Rawna City to join them to fight the Grey Eagles. He was thirty-one years old then, while Andrew was thirteen years old.
As Tania was always used to, she tried to stop him from going. She knew the Grey Eagles were closer to beasts than to human beings. She was afraid something bad might happen to her beloved husband, and after that, who would take care of her young children?
She said, “Lambert, please don’t leave us. We need you.”
She was known for her extreme beauty that charmed every person who saw her, and everybody in the town she lived in knew about her beauty. She was tall, thin, and very fair. Her hair was dark black. She had charming blue eyes, which captured the attention of anybody who looked at them.
He replied, “Tania, every time I prepare to go and join the Brave Protectors, you say such a thing. It is my duty. I have to fulfill the oath I swore to protect innocent people.”
He had a strong physique and had trimmed facial hair.
She said, “Innocent people will have others to protect them. You are still young. Your children are so young.  Who will be there for them if something happens to you?”
“Do not worry,” he said. “I will be back as I do every time.”
She kept begging him not to go but he kept insisting.
He kissed his son Andrew and his daughter and hugged them, then did the same to his wife. After that, he left while Andrew was watching him.
Like in each time he left, the feelings of fear and anxiety started to grow in Tania’s heart. As time passed, those feelings grew bigger.
He used to return from battles each time after about ten days. That time, ten days passed but he did not return. That made Tania’s situation worse. She kept waiting, and two weeks passed without him coming. Her feelings became worse. After about twenty days, one of the Brave Protectors’ knights came to Lambert’s house.
He knocked the door. Tania opened it. Andrew came close to his mother.
“Hello,” said the knight. “Is this Lambert’s house?”
“Yes,” she said.
“Greetings, my lady,” he said. “The Teacher sends his greeting to you…”
By the “Teacher,” he was referring to Jepson, the leader of the Brave Protectors.
The man frowned and added, “He told me to tell you that your husband was a very brave man and one of the best of our knights. But unfortunately, he passed away while we were fighting the Grey Eagles… ”
She could not believe what she heard. She started crying heavily, that her sound quavered.
Andrew heard everything and could not accept that big idea of his father’s death. Sadness conquered his heart immediately. From that moment, his hatred for the Grey Eagles started to increase many folds.
I will take revenge for my father, from the Grey Eagles. I will not forget what they did to him as long as I live, he thought.
“I am really sorry,” said the knight, and then he left.
While still crying, the mother entered her house and saw Andrew standing nearby. She hugged him and continued crying heavily more than any other time in her life.
“Mother, I want to go and get revenge from those criminals,” he said.
But she ignored that and kept crying while holding her little son.
***
After the death of his father, Andrew started to think about life in a different way. He started to think deeply about the injustice in life. He believed he must be brave and powerful to be able to live proudly in that harsh place called “the world.” He decided that he would never forgive any injustice inflicted on his mother, his sister, or on him. He decided that he would even defend any wronged people and would never give in to any oppressor.
From those moments, he always carried his sword with him wherever he went. In the week after he had known of his father’s death, he decided to talk to his mother about a certain thing.
Her eyes were red, and signs of crying were obvious on her face.
Andrew approached her. “Mother, I want to go to the Teacher and join the Brave Protectors. I want to avenge my father. I want to retaliate against the Grey Eagles as soon as I can.”
When she heard what he said, she started to cry because her child was turned by fate into a man who had to face the harsh life.
She put her hands on his shoulders. “You are still a young man, Andrew. You cannot join the Brave Protectors now. You have to wait until you are big and strong enough to do so.”
In fact, she did not want him to join the Brave Protectors forever. Because she was afraid he would face the same fate his father had faced when he had died young. She wanted as much time as possible to pass, so that her son forgot what had happened to his father and changed his mind regarding joining the Brave Protectors.
He frowned. “Mother, do you think I am a coward? How do you want me not to join the Protectors? Who will avenge my father?”
She replied, “You will one day when you are old and strong enough but not now.”
He said, “But—”
She interrupted him, “Andrew, listen to me well. I am the one responsible for your sister and you now, and I know what is best for you. Please do not torture me by insisting on things I do not approve.”
He remained silent. But later he kept insisting on what he wanted, and his mother kept refusing. However, he decided he would not give up and that he would join the Protectors sooner or later.
Chapter Eleven


After the death of Lambert, Tania’s beauty brought trouble to her son and her.
There was a man called Wesley living in the same town. He was a thief and a criminal. He was known by most of the people living in the town because of his great strength and injustice. Everybody feared him and considered him to be very dangerous.
In contrary to what was expected, he was not an enemy of the mayor of the town, nor the important figures in it, who were expected to be enemies with any criminal. In fact, he was the friend of most of them because they used him to do some of the difficult dirty tasks they could not do directly by themselves.
He recognized the beauty of Tania many years before the death of her husband and wished that she was his. The only thing that prevented that to happen was her husband, Lambert. Although Wesley was a very powerful dangerous criminal, he feared Lambert a lot. Because Lambert was much stronger than him, and he was a member of the Brave Protectors, who were very powerful that even Wesley and his important friends in the town feared them.
But after the death of Lambert, the way became open for Wesley to achieve his dream of possessing Tania and enjoying her beauty.
One day, he came to her house to talk to her. He knocked the door. She opened it. When she saw him, she felt afraid because she knew he was a dangerous criminal.
He was an obese man with a dark complexion. He had a thin black moustache.
When he saw her very white complexion, which was like snow, and her beautiful eyes, he could not believe himself, that she was going to be his, and that he was going to enjoy all that beauty.
He smiled a dirty smile. “Hello, Tania. How are you?”
She replied, “Hello, how can I help you?”
She was so afraid of him and wanted to get rid of him as soon as possible. That was why she spoke in a way that would force him to say what he wanted directly.
He replied, “Do not you invite your guests inside your house before asking them what they want?”
His smile grew bigger.
She said immediately, “In fact, I do not. I am living alone with my children, and there is no man in my house, so I do not invite strangers inside.”
Then she added to force him to say whatever he wanted fast, “How can I help you?”
“But I am not a stranger to you,” he said smiling. “Am I?”
“Anyway, what made me come here is that I want to propose marriage to you.”
She replied immediately, “I am sorry, but I am not going to get married. I hope you find a better woman.”
She replied confidently because she was totally sure she did not want to marry him specifically.
Anger replaced his happiness.
He said, “But why would you refuse someone like me? At least take your time to think about it.”
She replied, “It is not because of your identity. It is because I have two young children I need to raise and I do not have time for a new marriage. I do not need time for thinking because I have already thought deeply about this matter and taken my decision.”
That was true, as she wanted to be free to raise her children. And if there was an exception it would not be for a dangerous thief and criminal like him.
His anger increased. “But –”
She interrupted him, “Sorry, I have to go.”
She closed the door and went inside her house, while he was standing there burning with extreme anger. He was from the kind of men who thought they were the best and most powerful. He had a great pride that he would not accept the idea that he would be refused by a woman.
Although her refusal was very tough, he did not give up as he was a stubborn man.
So, the next step was to send one of the important figures of the town who were his close friends, to convince her. He sent the one called Richard.
Richard came to Tania’s house.
She opened the door for him as she recognized him.
He said, “Hello, My Lady. How are you?”
She wondered what an important man from the town wanted from her.
“I am fine,” she said. “How can I help you, sir?”
He sighed knowing how difficult his task was. “Lady Tania, I heard that Wesley came and proposed to you in marriage and that you refused.
“What I want to tell you, as I am a man who understands the conditions in this town and nearby places, is that life is so difficult and full of danger. A lady like you, with two children, as the ones you have, is susceptible to danger if there is no man to protect her.
“For that, I strongly advise you to accept his proposal. I am saying that because it is for you interest in the first place.”
She was so clever and knew that he was lying and was trying to look like an innocent angel who wanted to protect her family and her. She knew that he came only because his criminal friend asked him to.
She said, “Thank you, sir, for caring so much about my children and me.
“But, of course, you know that marriage carries a lot of duties and that a wife should exert great efforts to satisfy her husband. Unfortunately, I do not have the enough power for this because I need all my power to look after my little children.”
Then she added, “The problem is not in Wesley himself. I only do not want to get married.”
The man frowned. “But it is better for you to get married to him—”
She interrupted him, “Thank you for your trial to help us, but I apologize.”
He said, “Listen to me—”
She interrupted him, “I am sorry, but I have to go. Bye.”
She did not listen, closed the door, and went inside.
Wesley did not give up and he kept sending Richard as well as other important figures of the town. Nevertheless, she kept refusing and did not think about Wesley even for a fraction of a second.
After that, Wesley decided to visit her again.
He came to her house. She opened the door.
“Hello,” he said.
That time, she decided she would not be friendly as she had been the last time. Instead, she would be fierce to end all of that.
She said, “Listen well to me, sir. I do not have a problem with you personally but I just do not want to get married. Please, understand this, stop sending people, and stop coming to me.”
He said, “I will give as much money as you want. I will make you the queen of the town and fulfill all your wishes.”
She replied, “I do not want any of this. Just leave me live peacefully.”
Then she closed the door as his anger grew bigger.
He kept sending his important friends and kept coming by himself, but she kept refusing. He could not resist her beauty and wanted, with every atom in him, to marry her.
With her continued refusal, he reached a final decision. He would behave by his true nature which was being a criminal. Simply, he would force her to marry him.
One day, he came to her house.
She opened the door.
He did not greet her because he was very angry.
He shouted, “Listen, woman. I have pampered you a lot. I have been patient for a long time. I have tried with you multiple times… you will marry me whether you like it or not.”
“I will not,” she said.
“You will,” he replied.
“I will not. Whatever you do,” she said.
“You will whether you like it or not,” he shouted with a higher voice.
Then he added, “You will come, and we will document our marriage.”
He pulled her from her hand. She started screaming while he kept shouting.
Neighbors gathered when they heard that but none of them interfered to help her because they were afraid of the criminal Wesley.
Andrew was inside the house. When he heard the loud voices, he went outside and saw Wesley pulling his mother violently.
Andrew was fourteen years old then, but he was very brave and powerful.
He shouted at Wesley, “Leave my mother or you are going to regret it.”
Wesley shouted back, “Shut up, child.”
Andrew punched Wesley on his face, so he let go of Tania. Wesley tried to punch Andrew, but Andrew avoided him. Then Andrew punched him once in his belly, then twice on his face. Despite being young, Andrew was much powerful than Wesley.
Wesley decided to use his sword, so he pulled it out and tried to hit Andrew’s head. He was a cruel criminal with a very hateful heart and he would not allow a child to hit him and humiliate him in front of all of those people.
Andrew lowered his head and avoided the hit. He was not carrying his sword, so he went inside to get it while Wesley was following him, trying to kill him.
Andrew was very fast. He reached his sword and pulled it out from its sheath.
They hit each other’s swords twice. Andrew left the house running, and Wesley followed him.
Tania, who watched all of that, was crying heavily and in those moments, she was afraid much more than any other moment in her life.
They kept fighting and hitting each other’s swords. Wesley tried to hit Andrew multiple times, but Andrew managed to avoid all those hits. Then Wesley tried to hit Andrew’s head but Andrew lowered his head, then moved fast and stabbed Wesley in his big belly. Then he moved his sword inside Wesley’s body to make sure he got rid of that evil criminal forever.
Wesley in his last moments could not believe what had happened.
Andrew ran toward his mother, who was dying of fear. They hugged each other while she was crying heavily.
“Are you all right, Mother?” he asked.
“Yes, I am…” she said.
People could not believe what their eyes had seen.
How could a young child kill Wesley? What was that child made of? They thought.

Chapter Twelve


After he killed Wesley, the strong dangerous man, Andrew gained great fame in the whole town. He was believed to be the most powerful in it.
He kept trying to persuade his mother to let him join the Brave Protectors, but she kept refusing. Until one day, he managed to impose his will on her.
“Mother, I have to join the Brave Protectors,” he said.
“That is impossible,” she said. “You are a young lad, and it is dangerous for you to participate in battles. Moreover, you are the only male in the family. One day, you will become the man on whom your sister and I will depend.”
In fact, she did not want him to join the Protectors not because of his age, but rather she did not want him to join them forever.
“Mother, if all people think like this, nobody will join the Protectors, and the Grey Eagles will manage to spread their evil everywhere,” he said. “Every member of the Protectors has a family that depends on him, and I am not different.
“Mother, I am well known in the entire town to be the most powerful in it. You do not have to worry. Only, what God wants will happen.”
“I will not allow you to join the Protectors,” she said.
“Mother, I have decided that I will join them. Do not let me leave without you saying bye,” he said.
She could not argue anymore and started to cry. He hugged her and tried his best to console her.
***
Andrew rode his father’s horse, which was the only horse his family had. He took the food his mother prepared for him. He intended to head to the Brave Protector’s center in Rawna City.
While he was riding the horse, his mother stood outside their house afraid and crying.
She said, “Andrew, your sister and I need you. Please, do not go to the Brave Protectors. This is so dangerous.”
“Mother,” he said, “do not be afraid. I am so powerful, and nothing bad will happen to me. I will be back for you and my sister every now and then. Be sure of that.”
He did not say “I am so powerful” just to assure his mother, but also because he had great self-confidence.
He left heading for Rawna City. After two days of continuous travel, he reached it. When he arrived there, he immediately asked people where he could find the center of the Brave Protectors. He knew from them the exact position of it and headed toward there.
He reached the center. It was a very big place surrounded by a short wooden wall. There were two guards at the small gate.
He said, “Hello.”
One of them greeted him back.
Then Andrew said, “I want to join the Protectors. I need to meet the Teacher.”
“All right, all right, get in,” said the guard and allowed Andrew to enter.
“Where can I find him?” Andrew asked.
The guard answered, “Keep walking straight. You will find the Teacher in the last building in our center.”
Andrew entered the center and he saw tens of knights training hard.
Amazed, he kept walking until he reached the building about which the guard told him.
There was a guard on the door.
Andrew said, “Hello.”
The guard greeted him back.
Then Andrew said, “Can I meet the Teacher? I want to join the Protectors.”
The guard said, “All right, come with me.”
Although the Teacher was the most important and popular person in Rawna City and its surroundings, as he protected the weak people, he was so humble and would meet anyone who asked to meet him.
The Teacher, whose name was Jepson, was sitting on the ground when Andrew and the guard entered the building.
When Andrew saw the Teacher for the first time, he felt that greatness incarnated in his body.
The Guard said, “This man wants to meet you and says he wants to join us.”
The Teacher was very old. He had thick grey hair. He had thick grey hair on his chin and a thick grey moustache.
The Teacher said, “All right. Leave us alone.”
The guard left.
The Teacher said to Andrew, “Please, sit down.”
Andrew sat on the ground opposite to the Teacher.
The Teacher smiled. “Your facial features are not strange to me. I have seen someone who looks like you, but I cannot tell exactly who he is.”
Andrew replied, “My father was one of the Protectors. His name is Lambert. He was killed during his duties with the Protectors.”
“Yes, I know him well,” said the Teacher. “He was one of the bravest and strongest Protectors. You should be proud of him.”
Andrew felt happy for those words.
The Teacher stood up and poured coffee for Andrew, who started drinking amazed by the modesty of the Teacher.
The Teacher sat down again. “So, you want to join us?”
“Yes,” replied Andrew.
“Why?” asked the Teacher.
“I do not stand injustice and I want to protect people from it,” replied Andrew.
The Teacher smiled. “That is a great answer.”
Then he added, “Let’s begin now.”
Andrew was amazed because he did not expect things to start that fast.
The Teacher took Andrew, showed him the center and its parts, and introduced him to the important Protectors. Then he started training him by himself.
Andrew felt great joy he had never experienced before.
***
Andrew grew up. He kept training and getting stronger. He participated in the first battle as one of the Brave Protectors and did very well. The other Protectors were amazed by his strength. He kept participating in the battles, and his strength was so clear to all the Protectors. Eventually, he was known to be the strongest of all the Brave Protectors despite his young age relatively.
The Teacher became very old and very sick. So he called Andrew to his place.
Andrew entered the building and found the Teacher lying on the ground beside a man who was taking care of him.
Andrew was twenty-five years old then. He had thick long black hair, which he tied its end with a band. He had thick short black facial hair.
He was so sad when he saw the Teacher’s condition.
He entered and sat beside the Teacher.
“My master, I am really so sorry for your disease,” said Andrew. “I pray for God all the time that you get cured.”
The Teacher replied, “Do not be sorry for that.”
Then he held Andrew’s hand with his hand. “You know that every man has an ending. You knew that pretty well, early in your life, when you lost your father.
“Andrew, this is my end—”
“No, Teacher, do not say that,” Andrew interrupted.
The Teacher continued, “Listen carefully. Please, do not interrupt me.
“This is my end, and I have to choose a new leader for the Brave Protectors.
“I will tell you something I have never told you before. Since I saw you for the first time, I have known you would become the strongest knight ever.
“When you came, it was the first time for me, despite my old age and big experience, to see a lad with eyes full of bravery, power, and goodness. I knew then that you owned the heart of a leader. And since then, I have prepared you for that purpose although I have not told you.”
He held the hand of Andrew more tightly. “Andrew, I want you to become the new teacher after I die. I will tell the other Protectors about that. So be ready for the great responsibility.”
“No,” said Andrew, “I do not want that. I want you to live.”
Andrew started crying.
The Teacher said, “Always remember that you are responsible for all these wide lands and the innocent people living in them. You must protect them well. Do not ever favor your own interest over theirs.”
The Teacher told the most important figures of the Brave Protectors about his decision and told them to spread the news among the other Protectors, and they did so.
After weeks the Teacher passed away, and Andrew was announced as the Teacher.


Chapter Thirteen


After Andrew became the Teacher, he was very successful in his duties. In fact, he was the most successful leader in the history of the Brave Protectors despite his young age relatively. Under his leadership, the Protectors achieved great victories and their strength increased significantly.
At a certain moment, he felt the Brave Protectors were so powerful, so he decided a certain thing.
He sent for the most important figures of the Protectors to gather in his building in the Brave Protectors’ center to tell them about his plan.
They fulfilled his wish and gathered there.
He served each one of them coffee by himself.
After speaking for a while, he said, “People, I have decided something important and I want to tell you about it.”
One of them said, “Go ahead, Teacher.”
Andrew said, “It is a very important decision.  I hope you think deeply about it and understand i.e. want to go and attack the Grey Eagles in their center and destroy them forever.”
They could not believe what they had heard. The Eagles were so dangerous and powerful. People feared them in battles far away from their center, so how would it be if they attacked the Eagles in it?
The Teacher, although very brave, is rushing, some of the figures thought.
One of the figures said, “Teacher, I know that you want the best interest for people. But do not you think this is very dangerous?”
The Teacher replied, “Indeed. But we are now very powerful. In fact, in these moments, the Protectors are much more powerful than any time before. We must get benefit of this fact and get rid of the Eagles forever. We must let the people have rest from their evil. We cannot keep waiting and fighting the Eagles forever, while they keep wreaking havoc here and there.”
Another man from the figures said, “But there is a great probability that we will fail. After that, people will suffer because they will not have anyone to protect them.”
Andrew replied, “It is very unlikely that my plan fails. I have studied our power and the Eagles’ power, and we are much more powerful. Also, my plan depends on surprising them, which will increase the possibility of our success many folds.”
Silence prevailed, and Andrew saw signs of anxiety on the faces of some of the figures.
So he said, “People, have I ever failed you? Have we ever lost a battle since I became the Teacher? Just trust me. Victory will be ours for sure.”
After days, he told the other members of the Protectors about his plan, and they prepared for it.
In one night, he led most of the Protectors toward the center of the Eagles. He kept a minority in the center of the Protectors.
They kept moving until they reached very close to the center of the Eagles. The main center was one of the great mountains where the Eagles gathered. Their main buildings were at the top of the mountain. Their leader, Franklin resided most of the time in that center.
The Protectors waited until before dawn. Then they started attacking the Eagles. The plan depended mainly on surprise. The time they chose was the best time to surprise anyone. The Protectors did not approve treachery. If they were going to fight a party who had laws and ethics, they would inform them before attacking them. But the Eagles neither had ethics nor laws, so the Protectors intended to surprise them.
Firstly, archers from the Protectors started throwing arrows burning with fire on the top of the mountain. The Teacher planned that to surprise the Eagles as much as possible and to spread fear in their hearts.
After a lot of arrows burning with fire dropped on the top of the mountain, many of the Eagles were surprised.
In those few moments, the Teacher led the Protectors, and they went up the mountain.
In their way to the top, they killed a little number of the Eagles, who were there as guards, without any losses in the side of the Protectors.
After that, they reached the top, where fire was spreading everywhere.
Some of the Eagles who were surprised and terrified were moving everywhere.
So the Protectors started attacking and killing them. In the same time, the Protectors entered the buildings of the Eagles and started killing them, whether they were awake or asleep.
The Protectors managed to kill a lot of the Eagles, especially the Teacher, who was the most powerful of both sides.
The Teacher was very clever and he kept many archers down the mountain.
After the killing of many Eagles, some of them tried to run away by going down the mountain. However, they found the archers who shot them by arrows. The Teacher’s plan was very precise, and he made every possible step to annihilate all of the Eagles.
During the last moments of the battle, while the Protectors were having the decisive victory, the Teacher wanted to kill the leader of the Eagles, Franklin.
So he started shouting, “Where are you, Franklin? Where are you, coward? If you are a man, come and fight me.”
He kept shouting such things for a long time until a fighter from the Eagles came toward him.
He had thick black-dyed hair. He also had thick black-dyed hair on his chin.
He shouted angrily, “You stupid, crazy bastard. You made the mistake of your life. I am Franklin and I am going to send you to hell.”
Andrew dismounted his horse. Franklin attacked with his sword, with great strength, trying to hit Andrew’s head, but Andrew lowered his head and avoided the hit. Then Franklin hit strongly aiming at Andrew’s legs, but Andrew jumped and avoided the hit. Andrew kept avoiding Franklin’s attempts to hit him. Andrew and Franklin hit each other’s swords multiple times. Franklin had enormous power, but Andrew was much more powerful. Andrew held by his left hand the right hand of Franklin, with which he was carrying his sword. After that, Andrew moved Franklin’s hand away, and then he cut his belly.
Franklin could not believe it was his end and the end of the Grey Eagles after all those years
Some of the Protectors saw the death of Franklin and started shouting, “The Teacher killed Franklin!”
When the remaining Eagles heard that, more fear spread in their hearts. As time passed by, the Protectors kept killing the Eagles. Eventually, the Protectors had a decisive victory. Only few of the Eagles remained alive and they were taken prisoners by the Protectors.
***
After all those tens of years full of fear that resided in the hearts of people because of the evil  of the Grey Eagles, eventually, the Brave Protectors could annihilate them forever and make the people live peacefully.
Andrew became known all over Rawna City and all the lands around it. Regarding the prisoners from the Grey Eagles, The Teacher decided to sentence them to stay in the prisons of Rawna City forever. He could easily kill them all, but he preferred to be merciful as he wanted to set an example of mercy and peace among all people. In addition to his fame as the brave leader who beat the Eagles, he also had the fame of being a merciful leader among people.
Although they annihilated the Eagles, the Teacher decided that the Brave Protectors should stay assembled to be ready to protect the people from any other evil group that might emerge any moment.



Chapter Fourteen


In a kingdom known as Adata Kingdom, a man called Dennis led a coup against the king. Dennis, who was in his thirties, was a soldier in the army. He was so ambitious and kept getting higher in position in the army until he became one of its major leaders. With the help of significant number of soldiers, he led a coup and killed the king and the army’s leader. After that, he announced himself a sultan and announced Adata a sultanate. He was very powerful and had never met someone who owned even half of his physical strength. He also was arrogant and believed he was the most powerful man in the world.
He decided to conquer as many places as he could and add it to his sultanate. He started invading nearby areas. Before attacking any area, he gave its people two choices. Either they joined his army without war or else he killed all the men, took their women and children slaves, and took everything they possessed. His sultanate kept growing bigger very fast.
He reached the area of Rawna City and what surrounded it, and gave its people the two choices he had always given before invading any area.
The people of Rawna and its surroundings became very afraid, as the sultan wanted to attack them with twenty-five thousand soldiers, whereas there were less than two thousand knights in the area of Rawna City and its surroundings.
***
When the big figures of Rawna City and its surroundings knew of the intention of the sultan to attack them, they did not know what to do. The number of Rawna’s soldiers was very small compared to the number of the soldiers in the sultan’s army. The figures kept thinking and found that the last resort was the Brave Protectors specifically their leader, the Teacher Andrew.
They went to the center of the Protectors and met with the Teacher.
He served his guests as they sat with him.
After a while, one of them said, “Teacher, we came here because we need your help in something dangerous.”
The Teacher replied, “I am ready to do anything I can to help you.”
The man said, “We need you to protect the people of Rawna City and its surroundings. They are in danger.”
The Teacher was surprised. “I will do anything to protect them.
“But what puts them in danger?”
Another one of the men said, “There is a very powerful man called Sultan Dennis… I believe you must have heard of him. He is very strong and has an army which consists of many thousands of soldiers.
“He gave us two choices, either we surrender without fighting and become soldiers in his army. Or he will fight us, kill us all, take all of our possessions, and take our women and children slaves.”
“What evil is this?!” the amazed Teacher said.
The man added, “He has around twenty-five thousand soldiers, whereas we can only gather less than two thousand fighters including the Brave Protectors. We are doomed to be defeated.”
The Teacher said, “Can you tell me in detail about this man? I want to know his traits.”
Another man said, “He is young. In his upper thirties. He is very strong physically and very ambitious. If no one stops him, he will keep conquering areas forever.
“He is also so arrogant. He believes no man is match for him. He believes he is the strongest man in history and that the next man in strength after him, does not even own half of his strength. Some people even say he started to believe he is a god.”
The Teacher thought about that.
After a while, he said to the terrified men, “Give me one day. I will think of a plan and I will tell you what I decide next morning.”
Then he called one of the knights. “Take our guests to the guests’ rooms, serve them well, and fulfill any of their needs.”
The men stood up to leave with the knight.
The Teacher said, “Come here tomorrow morning, please.”
They nodded in approval and left.
From that moment, the Teacher started thinking deeply about how to beat the sultan and save people. He kept thinking about each word his guests had told him. The information that captured most of his attention was that the sultan was very arrogant.
He kept thinking until the morning and he did not sleep at night.
His guests came in the morning as he asked them to do. They sat down, and he served them coffee.
After a while he said, “People, I have reached a solution that will rescue people. Gather as much knights as you can. Then I will lead those knights to fight the sultan’s army.”
One of them said in amazement, “But as we told you, we cannot fight them as their number is larger by folds than ours.”
“Just do as I told you, and everything will be all right,” the Teacher said. “I promise you we will not lose even one knight from our side.”
They could not believe what he had said and started looking at each other in surprise. Some of them even thought he became crazy.
“How can this happen?” asked one of them in surprise.
The Teacher replied, “Just trust me. Have I ever failed you? Do not you remember how the Protectors including me annihilated the Grey Eagles? Just believe me, and we will get victory.”
Eventually, they agreed with what the Teacher told them because they believed he was the uncrowned king of Rawna City and its surroundings and that he was their only hope.
***
The Teacher led the knights of Rawna City and its surroundings to the desert where they would face the sultan’s great army.
The small army of Rawna City and its surroundings consisted of about two thousand knights. They were amazed when they saw the view of the huge army of the sultan, which consisted of about twenty-five thousand soldiers.
As the sultan was used to, he preceded his army and was sitting on his red throne, which was attached to a base being raised up by four slaves.
The Sultan started to laugh arrogantly then he shouted talking to his army, “Look at this little army of mice. We will step on them with our feet.”
His soldiers and he started to laugh at Rawna’s army.
Confidence filled the heart of the sultan and his soldiers, whereas terror filled the hearts of most of the knights of Rawna’s army.
The Teacher was wearing a new uniform which he had never worn before. He was wearing a white dress with black garnishes below the neckline, a thin black fabric belt, a black cape tied around his neck and falling down his back and legs, and long black boots made of genuine leather.
He stepped forward and shouted talking to the sultan, “Sultan, I have a challenge for you.”
The sultan and his soldiers started to laugh and ridicule the Teacher’s words.
After they were quiet, the Teacher said, “If you are a man, you will accept it.”
It was the first time ever a man challenged the great sultan.
The sultan smiled confidently and shouted, “What is it, savage man?”
The Teacher answered, “I challenge you to a duel between you and me only, and no one will interfere from both armies. If I kill you, your army will leave and never attack Rawna and its surrounding.”
People from both sides were amazed by the challenge as they thought how brave the Teacher was to challenge the great sultan.
The sultan shouted, “And when I kill you, what will happen?”
The Teacher shouted, “If that happens, all my army, their women, and children will be your slaves without any fighting.”
The soldiers of Rawna’s army were stunned by what the teacher said.
That is suicide, they thought.
It would have been better if they just surrendered to the sultan, as he offered them, without fighting and without becoming, with their women and children, his slaves.
The sultan and his soldiers started laughing hard at the proposal of the Teacher. They considered it so stupid and silly because they believed no man could beat the great sultan.
After they got quiet, the sultan said confidently while smiling, “This seems very fair. All right, I will fight you and kill you, savage man.”
When the Teacher made his plan, he was sure the sultan would not refuse his challenge, because he was so arrogant and confident in himself that he would not agree to appear a coward.
The four slaves carrying the sultan lowered his throne to the ground. The sultan stood up and walked toward the Teacher.
The sultan was very fair. He had a thick orange hair with no facial hair at all. He had charming green eyes.
Both of them walked towards each other while confidence filled the heart of most of the sultan’s soldiers, and fear filled the hearts of most of Rawna’s soldiers that some of them were trembling.
The two leaders got close to each other and pulled out their swords while golden sand surrounded them from every side.
The arrogant sultan immediately attacked the Teacher. He hit strongly, but the Teacher blocked the attack. The Teacher tried to attack the sultan but the sultan avoided the attack. Then the sultan started to attack strongly while the Teacher was only able to block the attacks. The Teacher tried to attack the sultan but he could not as his rival was very powerful. The fight remained the same as the arrogant sultan kept moving fast attacking strongly. The Teacher tried not to move a lot and kept blocking the attacks.
Then one of the attacks of the sultan managed to cut the left arm of the Teacher.
Rawna’s knights shouted as they were certain the Teacher was close to losing.
The sultan laughed. His huge army started to cheer for him. The Teacher was not affected by the wound and kept holding his sword with his right hand.
The Teacher knew that the sultan was so arrogant and he would be moving a lot and trying to finish him as soon as possible, so he planned to move very little and conserve as much energy as he could while the sultan would lose his energy fast.
The sun was rising in the sky, and its rays were burning down upon both armies.
The Teacher’s plan succeeded as with the burning sun in that desert, sweat became running like rivers from the body of the sultan, who became very tired. That appeared clearly when his movements became slower, and his attacks became of less power.
When the wounded Andrew saw that, he started attacking the sultan with all of his power. He kept attacking the tired sultan, who was only blocking the hits of the Teacher.
Suddenly, to the amazement of both armies and to the amazement of history, the Teacher managed to cut the sultan’s belly.
Silence prevailed in that desert as fighters of both armies could not believe what happened.
The sultan, who was, a little time back, above everybody while sitting on his raised red throne, fell down on his knees.
The Teacher moved fast and cut the back of the sultan to make sure he would die, and people would get rid of his evil forever.
The great sultan, who thought he was a god, died in front of thousands.
Then the Teacher walked towards the sultan’s army and shouted breaking the prevailing silence, “Here is your great sultan dead. As we agreed, you have to leave and never attack us because I won the challenge.”
Then he turned around and walked towards his knights. Everybody remained silent because they could not believe what had happened until one of the knights of Rawna shouted, “The proud Teacher saved us by himself alone. He is the proudest man ever.”
Then all the knights of Rawna started cheering for the Teacher, “The Proud… The Proud… The proud…”
In those moments, the soldiers of the sultan’s army started to leave and they never came back.
***
After that great war, the Teacher became famous in all lands and countries and was considered a legend by everybody. He was nicknamed with the title his knights called him with after he killed the legendary sultan, which was “The Proud.”
The Proud then left with his wife and children and lived in the same area in the desert where he fought the sultan and killed him. His descendants kept living there for hundreds of years.

That was the story of The Proud, the greatest Elder of the Prouds, who kept living in the same land of their Elder and kept wearing the same uniform he wore for hundreds of years.
Most importantly, they were as proud as him and never accepted to submit to anybody.





Part IV
The Tribe


Chapter Fifteen


The Prouds lived in a harsh, wild environment where everybody fought over control, wealth, and women. Stability was a feature that environment never had. Their surroundings, in that time and place, were like a jungle where survival was for the strongest and the strong ate the weak. Therefore, they realized long ago that they needed to be strong.
Despite the fact that strength in their surrounding was always combined with injustice and despite the fact that they were the strongest people in the desert, all members of the Prouds were forgiving and generous. They never assaulted anyone weaker than themselves. They even protected wronged people who came to them for protection.
Yet, when wronged, they would strike those who did them wrong fiercely to deter others. For centuries, they protected their dignity well and taught their children the need to protect their dignity even if it cost them their lives.
***
Year 372.

Long awaited by his parents, Leader Addison was born.

His father, Leader Smith, the leader of the Prouds, and his mother, Rachel, had always wanted a son to inherit the leadership of the tribe.
Years went by and he grew up and began to understand what was happening around him.
One day, as six-year-old Addison wandered in the land of the Prouds, he noticed that most of them rode horses, many of which were thoroughbred, and wished he had one himself.
Addison was a fair lad, with short black hair.
He ran home to his father, the leader. “Father, I want a horse of my own, like all other men of the Prouds.”
His father was fair, tall, and muscular. He had thick black hair, a black moustache, and a thick long beard.
He laughed. “Have you, too, become a man like them, Addison?”
“Yes, Father, I am a man, just like them. I am even stronger than them,” replied the son.
The father laughed again. “Very well. You shall get a horse of your own.”
The lad felt happy. “I want a beautiful thoroughbred horse.”
The father laughed for the third time, hugged his son, and said while patting his hair, “Indeed, Addison, you have become a man who distinguishes beautiful and thoroughbred horses.”
The leader then grabbed the future leader by the shoulders with both his hands, “I want you to know that there is something more important than wealth, women, and status.”
“What might that be, Father?” Addison asked.
The father replied seriously, “It is called dignity. It is the most important thing in life, and we must protect it even if it costs us our lives. This is the secret behind the Prouds’ survival all these years and what makes them the strongest of all.”
Smith knew that it was easier to teach ideas and values to a child than to a grown man. A child is like a white dress, on which lines of values are easily drawn and clearly visible.
***
Addison grew up to become the strongest and main knight in the tribe. Over the years, his father kept preparing him to lead the tribe after him.
When he became eighteen years old, his mother, Rachel started looking for a bride for him. She found the suitable one for him, a kind-hearted beautiful lady called Shannon. She was one of the Prouds’ women.
Addison married Shannon.
The tribe organized a big wedding, and all its members were happy.
One year after his marriage, at the age of nineteen, Addison had his first child. It was a boy he called Hammond. Once Hammond had grown up and started to understand what he was told, his father started enhancing the spirit of pride in him.
Addison knew that his son would one day become the leader of the tribe and therefore, made sure to raise him to cherish dignity.
At the age of twenty-three, Addison had another son whom he called Adrian. Just like he raised his son Hammond, Addison raised him, when he became old enough.
***
As Addison was going out of his house one day, he saw his friend Gilbert.
Gilbert was preparing for a new journey.
“Hello, Gilbert. Aren’t you ever tired of traveling?” Addison said. “Stay in our land. It is full of good things.”
Gilbert was a strong-bodied young man with thick black hair, and trimmed black facial hair.
“Hello, my dear Addison,” he replied. “I swear to God, I never have enough of our land but my heart longs to see the whole world. I could not help it.”
They both laughed.
Addison said, “Good luck, then, and bring us presents.”
Gilbert replied, “Surely Addison, I will.”
Later, he departed starting a journey with his caravan.
He was Addison’s best friend and the closest to him of all the Prouds. They always visited one another and talked to each other. The most prominent characteristics of Gilbert were his curiosity and imagination. He knew that there must be another life and other things that were different to his life as one of the Prouds. He wanted to see other countries, other people, other places, and kingdoms. He wanted to see snow, rain, roses, and trees. He wanted to know everything about other people like their habits, clothes and food. The only thing that was capable of satisfying his imagination was his many journeys to the most distant countries in the world. That was why he worked in trading, traveled a lot, and used to spend a lot of time away from the land of his tribe.
***
Days and years went by, and Leader Smith became very ill. One day, the man did not wake up, so Rachel realized that he passed away. She cried deeply for him. His family learned of his death and so did all of the Prouds who became overwhelmed with grief. Addison was very saddened by the death of his father. But, what multiplied his feelings was the fact that his father was like a big store for wisdom, teachings, and advice on how to lead the Prouds. He cried like a child, although he was the strongest man in the tribe.
Why did you leave me, Father? thought Addison.
People from the tribe and outside came to offer their condolences for the leader’s death. The Prouds was a strong tribe that was feared and respected by everyone, and many tribes respected Leader Smith who did favors to many people.
One day after the funeral, as Addison and those who came to offer their condolences were sitting in Leader Smith’s house, a man said, “People, our leader Smith is dead and we have to declare allegiance to a new leader. The tribe cannot stay without a leader. Everybody knows that Leader Smith’s will was that his son, Addison, should lead the tribe. Addison is a great knight and we know only good things about him. Let us declare allegiance to him right now, and I shall be the first to do so.”
The man stood up and approached Addison, who stood up and shook hands with the man.
The man said, “I declare allegiance to you as the leader of the Prouds.”
One by one, the Prouds stood up and declared allegiance to Addison as their new leader.
Afterward, everyone sat down, and one of the notables of the Prouds, who was a very old man, said, “You are a noble man, Addison, but you are still young and therefore need advice. You are now responsible for all of the Prouds and must live up to your responsibility.”
Then, another notable, who was also very old, said, “Remember that what has made the Prouds survive all those years in this harsh land is their keenness on protecting their dignity, so follow the steps of your ancestors, Addison.”
Addison remembered his father’s words about dignity again, those words which were engraved in his memory forever.
He said, “All right, people of the Prouds, rest assured that I shall follow the steps of my predecessors.”


Chapter Sixteen


Days went by, and Leader Addison had his third son, whom he called Jarvis.
In the same year, Queen Heather was murdered. King Matthew was outraged and prepared an army to terminate all of the Prouds so as to strike terror into the hearts of all tribes and kingdoms.
The Prouds learned that the king had prepared an army to fight them, so they gathered in Leader Addison’s house to discuss the matter.
“King Matthew has prepared a huge army to fight us and he is not going to stop until he has killed us all, so what are we going to do, Our Leader?” a man asked.
The leader said, “We will fight them and have a decisive victory. We shall not fear them. The Prouds have always been pain in the necks of the kings of Widea, so what has changed now?”
A very old notable of the tribe said, “Well said, our dear Leader, well said. We shall be victorious. You are a worthy successor to the best predecessor.”
“But, we are going to fight a very angry king. Is it going to be easy?” a hesitant man asked.
The leader replied, “The army of Widea Kingdom is inexperienced, and unlike us, they have not been in a war for a long time. Their king is also inexperienced, and though I am, too, not that experienced, our tribe has brave knights who have fought in very fierce wars.”
He paused then added, “Their motive is weak. Their king is angry because of his wife’s murder and wants to calm down his anger by any means possible, even if it meant fighting people who had nothing to do with her murder. Therefore, their army lacks motivation, whereas we, the Prouds, have a very strong motive, which is maintaining our dignity for which we have always sacrificed our lives.”
“Well said, Our Leader,” said his friend, Gilbert.
The Prouds felt very confident after their leader’s speech and started preparing for war, filled with courage. They were not afraid of Matthew’s soldiers because they were prepared to meet even the jinn.
***
Led by Leader Addison, the Prouds marched not far from their land to meet King Matthew’s mighty army. Their army included the best knights of the Prouds. There were eight thousand or less of the Prouds, whereas Widea’s soldiers were thirty-three thousand equipped with more steel and arms than the Prouds. They wore helmets and armors and carried shields, whereas the Prouds had only their swords as they relied on speed and surprise in their fights and did not want anything to hold them back. Widea’s soldiers were led by their veteran experienced Commander Reid, and wore their famous uniform, which consisted of blue tunic that reached his knees, with white trousers beneath it.
As Leader Addison rode his horse, he shouted, “Attack.”
The army of the Prouds attacked the king’s army like a few lions attacking a lot of beasts. Yet, lions would always be lions and other beasts would always be nothing but beasts. The king’s soldiers threw numerous arrows at the Prouds, killing a number of them, but the Prouds did not retreat, maintained their assault, and started killing the king’s soldiers. The strongest of the Prouds was their leader, Addison, who was famous for a specific fighting technique, which was to stay on the back of his horse and move quickly among the enemy’s soldiers while killing them. That was exactly what he did in the battleground as he started killing the king’s soldiers one after the other. He was truly a lion as he devoured the king’s soldiers as if they were helpless rabbits. He knew that soldiers in any army derive their spirits from the spirit of their leader. Therefore, he kept fighting as best as he could. The battle continued, and the Prouds kept causing Widea’s army to sustain losses.
Commander Reid was enraged by the many killings in his army because he considered himself responsible for the outcome of the battle. He was known for his very strong arm, whose strikes no one could resist. Therefore, he was able to kill a substantial number of the Prouds.
When he became really angry, he headed to the leader of the other party and challenged him. “Get down from your horse and fight me if you are a man.”
Addison granted him his request and dismounted. Commander Reid did the same. The two knights started fighting ferociously as they both were very strong. The commander hit the leader’s sword with his, and the leader hit back, then the commander launched successive strikes driven by his extreme rage but the leader blocked them all, then aimed at Reid’s chest but the commander stepped back quickly and evaded the strike, which almost finished him. Then, they stood very carefully opposite to each other as each one realized that his opponent was the strongest man in his army. They kept standing opposite to one another as Reid waved his sword trying to scare Addison, but he did not succeed. The battle between these two heroes remained the same. Suddenly, three knights from the Prouds came to kill the commander.
Leader Addison shouted, “Leave him to me.”
But they kept trying to kill the commander, who rode his horse and went away, ending the ferocious battle between the two knights.
The Prouds’ victory and their killing of the soldiers of Widea continued until Commander Reid realized that they were definitely going to lose, so he retreated. He returned to Cintana defeated. He was very outraged because he knew the king would be very angry with him when he would return to Cintana and tell him about that humiliating defeat.
***
The Prouds returned with the news about their victory to their families, who stayed in the land of the Prouds. All the Prouds were happy because they were able to defeat a king.
Leader Addison entered his house, as his wife, Shannon, welcomed him. “Tell me the good news.”
The leader replied, “Don’t worry, Shannon, victory was on our side.”
The woman became very happy and hugged him as his two sons, Hammond and Adrian, ran happily toward him and hugged him, too.
“Did you kill the bad guys, Father?” asked Hammond smiling.
The father laughed and started patting his son’s hair. “Yes, Hammond. We taught them a lesson that they will never forget.”
In contrast, Commander Reid and what was left of his army returned with failure. He reached Fitoma Palace and entered one of its halls where the king was sat on the far side of it.
“Greetings, My Lord,” he said trying to calm down things before telling the king what had really happened.
The king was waiting impatiently for a messenger from Commander Reid telling him the good news of their victory, in order to cool down the fire inside him. When no one came, he knew that something wrong had happened.
That was why he was very angry and did not greet Commander Reid back but rather said with a harsh tone, “Why didn’t you send me a messenger to tell me about our victory over the Prouds?”
Then, he shouted, “Why? Why?”
The commander remained silent for a moment because he did not know what to say to the king.
Then he looked at the floor. “We were defeated, My Lord.”
The king became very angry. That anger added to his original anger for losing the love of his life, Heather.
He stood up, started walking calmly in the hall and said calmly and quietly, “We were defeated…  a great king sends a huge army led by a so-called great leader to a bunch of lowlifes, and this bunch of lowlifes defeats the king’s army badly.”
He continued, shouting and wondering, with his eyes wide open, “How? How could you let this happen, Reid? How?”
His loud words were very harsh on the commander because he loved the king so much. Besides, he was not used to being treated so harshly even by King Kendrick, who was much older than him, let alone that king, who was much younger than him.
The commander paused for a moment then said, with his head down, words full of humbleness, “Forgive me, My Lord. I am responsible for what happened. Give me another chance to rehabilitate the army, train and prepare it, then I will definitely make up for my fault.”
“Go away now,” said the king in a calm voice that masked extreme cruelty.
Reid said with his heart full of sorrow, “As you wish, My Lord.”
Then he left the hall.
I will defeat the Prouds even if it takes me one hundred years, the king thought.
Although he was still young at the time of his war with the Prouds, the king thought like an old man. He was a wise king. Therefore, for several consecutive days, he spent his time, thinking realistically of what happened and what should happen. He was new to ruling, and it had been a long time since the kingdom’s army last fought a battle. Therefore, neither he nor his army had the experience of the Prouds, who were very strong then. He realized how difficult it was to defeat them at that moment and decided to leave them until the end. He realized that he had to start his conquests with weaker parties until he accumulated more power, more soldiers from the tribes and kingdoms he defeated joined his army, and his soldiers developed self-confidence instead of the sense of failure they had developed after their battle with the Prouds.
Chapter Seventeen


To the south of Widea Kingdom, was the Kingdom of Molays. At the time of King Matthew, it was ruled by King Alden. Molays was a weak small kingdom, which always had treaties with kings of Widea. Some kings of Widea even pledged to protect Molays in more than one occasion, including King Matthew’s father, King Kendrick. However, there were no rules any more in King Matthew’s world after the departure of the love of his life, Heather. His anger had silenced the voice of reason in his mind, so he decided to conquer Molays Kingdom.
He called for the Commander Reid, “Prepare the army to invade the Kingdom of Molays.”
Then he added, with a very cruel tone, “Their army is very weak. I want you to annihilate them in order to horrify everyone else.”
The commander was taken by surprise because he knew that there had been a peace treaty between the Widea and Molays kingdoms. Yet, he was not going to argue with the king.
He said, “As you wish, My Lord. I shall do as you command.”
He prepared the army and headed to Molays Kingdom.
When Molays’ King learned of the king’s intention to invade them, he sent a letter to King Matthew

“From King Alden, king of the Kingdom of Molays, to the great King Matthew, king of the Kingdom of Widea.
Greetings, my great King.
We have learned of your intention to invade our kingdom and we beg Your Majesty to forgive us and refrain from invading us. We had a treaty with your late father, King Kendrick, who pledged to protect us, so why would you invade us without any fault on our part? If we have offended you, please let us know, and we shall make up for it. I beg Your Majesty not to invade us, and you will get as much obedience, taxes, and even soldiers from us as you wish. We beg your mercy, Our Lord.”

King Alden realized that he was like a weak fly that could not fight a huge lion like King Matthew. That was why he sent that undignified letter, however, King Matthew did not respond to that letter or to the many letters that followed from King Alden and insisted on invading Molays.
The army of Widea marched to meet the army of Molays. They were like tigers fighting weak deer. Commander Reid and his soldiers wanted so badly a victory that would make up for the disgrace they earned after their humiliating defeat by the Prouds.
Commander Reid shouted, “Attack.”
The tigers attacked the deer and killed them. Widea’s soldiers started killing Molays’ soldiers in masses. Commander Reid attacked Molays’ soldiers fiercely and his strong strikes killed them one after the other. Molays’ soldiers were filled with terror because they knew how weak their army was and that they were no match for Widea’s army. That made Widea’s army’s job even easier and it kept killing Molays’ soldiers until their leader was killed, which multiplied their fear. The killing continued until the few surviving soldiers in Molays’ army started running away for their lives. The army of Widea achieved a decisive victory. Commander Reid was thrilled, mainly because his son, King Matthew, would finally be happy after all the pain he had suffered.
When King Matthew learned of his army’s decisive victory, he became very happy. He felt very strong, and, though slightly, his sorrow and anger for losing Heather decreased. He knew that that victory was the first step on a great high ladder, the ladder of his future victories.
After the battle, he joined his army, and they marched to King Alden’s palace in his kingdom and took the king and his family as prisoners.
He ordered that everyone who could be collected from the people of Molay’s Kingdom be put in front of King Alden’s palace, and so it was. Hundreds of men, women, children, and old people were gathered. Then King Matthew ordered that King Alden and his children be brought and killed.
Alden was a short, full bodied old man with thick grey hair, and trimmed grey facial hair.
A log was fitted on the ground.
King Matthew ordered Commander Reid, “Chop off their heads now.”
Alden, who no longer was a king, and who realized that all he could do was to beg, kneeled and begged the new king of his kingdom, “Please, My Lord, please. The kingdom is yours now, so spare my children and me.”
However, King Matthew remained silent and his facial expressions did not change at all. The soldiers came, pulled the king and put his head on the log as Commander Reid chopped his head off, then the heads of his sons.
Horror filled the hearts of Alden, his children, and all the people of Molays who witnessed the execution of the orders of King Matthew, who had no mercy with King Alden despite his old age. During the last moments of his life, King Alden wished he had never become a king because kingship was what brought that horrible painful end upon him, his sons, and his family.
By doing all of that, King Matthew wanted to horrify all the kingdoms and tribes surrounding Widea Kingdom.
He addressed the attendants, “People of Molays, you have witnessed the fate of kingdoms ruled by weak kings. Alden is gone, and King Matthew is here. You must accept him whether you like it or not. If you disobey, you will face the same fate of this weak dead man. But if you obey, I shall treat you well. You must have heard of my generosity and fairness. I shall divide the spoils of this war into two halves: the first one is for my soldiers and treasury, whereas the second one shall be given to those of you who join my army. A sensible man learns from the mistakes of others and makes the right decision.”
After that speech, King Matthew got what he wanted, as Molays were terrified and had no option but to obey him.
After the war with Molays, King Matthew captured the dead king’s women and enslaved them in order to send further threatening messages to the kings and leaders of the kingdoms and tribes he would invade in the future.
The king started repeating his carrot-and-stick approach, which combined strength with intelligence, everywhere he conquered. He was a cunning great king and not some ordinary king, who became king by accident. His kingdom grew bigger and his name became a synonym for death. His mere desire to conquer any land would make its people surrender without any resistance.
The original people of Widea and those who joined them as a result of conquests were proud because their kingdom was the strongest of all kingdoms, and most of them loved and respected King Matthew because he gave them glory and prestige.


Chapter Eighteen


Three years after Jarvis’s birth, Leader Addison had a daughter whom he called Raelene.
When Jarvis started to understand things, his father started raising him the same way he had raised his two brothers.
Days went by and Hammond lived happily, feeling great joy because he was the leader’s eldest, which always made him proud, and because he would become the leader one day. He was very happy because members of the tribe loved him, and so did his father and mother.
He got so close to Milton, who became his best friend.
Milton was an orphan who lost his father when he was one year old in one of the battles fought by the Prouds. One year later, his mother died of illness. She had a chronic heart disease and eventually died when her son was only two. Leader Addison, out of goodness and because he was the leader of the tribe, undertook to fend for orphaned Milton. Although the leader provided for him, he did not provide for him as much as he did for his own sons but rather covered his basic needs, just like any other orphan in the tribe.
Therefore, Milton lived a life of poverty. He used to look at the way Addison and his sons lived and envy them. He used to look at their wealth, the way Addison enjoyed slaves, the way maids and slaves served him, his wife, and sons and the way his sons enjoyed all the horses, clothes, food and other things they wanted. He cursed his bad luck, which made him an orphan and decided to make enjoying wealth, women, and good things the goal of his life. He believed that the leaders of his tribe were only interested in enjoying good things such as women and wealth, just like all the leaders of other tribes and kingdoms. He believed that their talk about dignity and glory was nothing but a means to achieve those good things. What Leader Addison and his sons had was nothing compared to what leaders of other tribes in Widea Kingdom had. Yet, what Leader Addison and his sons had was a lot compared to what Milton had.
***
Adrian, the leader’s second son, was a well-behaved brave man. He was also shy and hardly ever mingled with people of the tribe. Whenever he dealt with someone, he would remain silent and talk very little if he ever talked. That was due to his shyness and not arrogance. That was why, when he grew up, he used to go on hunting trips alone. He used to go once a month at least and sometimes four or five times. He felt very comfortable during his hunting trips because he was alone with nature, free to do as he wished without anyone restricting his freedom.
He was known for his extreme kindness and love for people of the tribe.
***
Days went by and Jarvis grew up to be fifteen and to be very strong. One day, he challenged one of the tribe’s knights, who was very strong, as the knights trained.
Jarvis was a strong-bodied tall young man with long hair falling down his face
Jarvis said confidently, “Let’s wrestle.”
The knight replied, “I am a grown man, Jarvis, and you are still a young boy. I do not want to harm you. Besides, you are the leader’s son, and I do not want Leader Addison to be angry with me.”
Jarvis became angry with the knight for calling him a boy. Jarvis was ambitious and wanted to prove that he was the strongest.
“If you are so confident that I am a weak boy and that you will defeat me with ease, then no one will get hurt,” Jarvis said to the knight. “Let’s wrestle, and you will defeat me easily, then it will all be over,”
The knight laughed sarcastically. “Very well. As you wish, boy.”
All the training knights and some of the other people of the tribe started looking at the two men who were about to wrestle. At the beginning, the strong knight attacked Jarvis, carelessly, trying to knock him down, but he was faced with fierce resistance from Jarvis and realized that he had to do his best, so he did. But Jarvis was stronger than the knight and after wrestling for a few moments, Jarvis knocked him down, to the amazement of the knights and people of the tribe.
The defeated knight stood up. “You are very strong, Jarvis. It seems that I underestimated you when I took you slightly.”
Jarvis smiled and was very happy for his victory. From that moment, the Prouds knew how strong he was. He kept knocking knights down one after the other. People of the tribe became more aware of his massive strength and became certain that he would become the tribe’s strongest knight, if he was not already.
One day as knights trained, sixteen-year-old Jarvis, who had defeated most of the strongest knights in the tribe, saw his brother, Hammond.
He said, “How about we wrestle, Hammond? I have knocked down all knights of the tribe except you.”
All the knights started laughing, except Hammond.
Jarvis challenged him. “Let’s wrestle, and see which one of us is stronger.”
Hammond was a slightly fat young man with very light black hair and short black moustache.
He said harshly, “I do not have time for your nonsense and games. Brothers do not wrestle. Besides, I am much older than you and will knock you down in no time.”
“Let’s give it a try then,” said Jarvis.
Hammond replied, “I am not going to do it.”
“What is the matter with you, Hammond? Are you afraid?” one of the tribe’s knights said to Hammond. “Wrestle him, so we know which one of you is the strongest.”
At that moment, Hammond realized that he had to wrestle, otherwise the knights of the tribe would think that he was a coward.
So he said, “Very well.”
The knights and many people of the tribe gathered to watch the fight. The fight started as Jarvis attacked Hammond like a hawk and knocked him down. Jarvis stood up followed by Hammond, who was raging with anger.
He grabbed Jarvis by his collar and shouted, shaking him fiercely, “How dare you knock your big brother down, you arrogant fool! Who do you think you are? You are nothing but a worthless boy. If we were in battle, you would run like women.”
Then, Hammond pushed Jarvis fiercely away and took off filled with anger. Jarvis felt very sad as he never meant to offend his brother, and all he wanted was to have some fun. Whereas the people and knights who watched the fight were amazed at Hammond’s behavior and could not understand it.



Chapter Nineteen


In the same desert where the Prouds lived, lived another tribe called Banabs, which was known for its strength, among other things, including its great evilness and continues aggression. Banabs were bandits who attacked other tribes and caravans, murdering men and looting money and women. Their leader, Zachary was famous for his great strength, and most people in the desert and Widea Kingdom feared him.
He was very tall strong-bodied man. He had no facial hair and he had a protruding scar on his left cheek.
Sitting with his men, he said, “People, I have decided to do something and I shall never rest until I have.”
“What might that be, Zachary?” a man asked.
The strong man replied, “I want to invade the Prouds, kill as many of their men as I can, capture their women, and take their properties.”
The men were amazed as the Prouds were known for their great strength.
A man said, “But the Prouds are the strongest people in the desert and strongest tribe in Widea. No one dares to challenge them.”
Arrogantly, Zachary shouted, “Nonsense.” Then, he added loudly, “I only want to invade them to show everyone that we are the strongest tribe in Widea and that I am the strongest man in it.”
Then he said, “Prepare to fight the Prouds and humiliate them. Fear nothing.”
Usually, he invaded for spoils, money, and women but that time, it was for glory.
***
One morning, Zachary and his men prepared and headed to the land of the Prouds, then barged into it on horseback.
When one of the Prouds saw them heading toward their land on horseback, he shouted, “People, we are being attacked.”
True knights never attack people who did not harm them and without letting them know in advance that they intend to fight them. But Zachary and his men were nothing but bandits and lowlifes of the desert and Widea.
He and his men started killing the knights of the Prouds, who were not prepared for battle. Zachary started killing the knights of the Prouds one after the other.
After a while, more of the Prouds came to fight Banabs when they learned of the attack. Strong knights of the Prouds, such as Leader Addison and his sons, Hammond and Adrian, came out to fight.
As did Jarvis whose father shouted, “Do not fight, Jarvis. I don’t want you to get killed.”
As soon as Jarvis knew what happened, he became very angry, just like all the Prouds. His anger, though, was much greater than any one of them because he believed that he was the strongest man of the Prouds and that their fate was in his hands.
Shouting, he replied to his father, “Did you not teach me that a Proud would sacrifice his life for his dignity? How can you ask me not to fight now?”
The father leader looked at his enthusiastic son and eventually had to approve his participation in the fight because his son’s words embarrassed him.
“I want you to stay beside me, Jarvis. Do not fight anyone that you feel is an experienced fighter,” said Leader Addison. “This is your first battle and you need to be careful, otherwise it will be your last.”
Jarvis said, “Do not worry for me, Father. Do not worry.”
The Prouds attacked Banabs like fierce monsters and killed many of them. Leader Addison killed many men of Banabs, as did all the knights of the Prouds, including Hammond, Adrian, Gilbert, and Milton. However, Jarvis was the strongest knight of the Prouds. He grabbed his sword with both hands and started slaying the Banabs’s men without hesitation or fear. He looked like an experienced fighter as if it was his thousandth battle, rather than his first. He did not do as his father told him as he moved far from him in battlefield, fought, and killed apparently very strong men. The Prouds started winning the battle. But despite their strength, Zachary was too strong and not at all easy as he killed many of the Prouds. Jarvis noticed that and was determined to kill him, so he headed towards him.
His father shouted fearfully, “Do not fight him, Jarvis. Leave him for someone else.”
However, Jarvis did not listen and headed toward Zachary as Jarvis feared no man.
“You will follow the ones I killed from you people, little boy,” shouted Zachary.
Jarvis shouted, “You will pay dearly for what you did today.”
Zachary struck swiftly and strongly with his sword aiming at Jarvis’s head but Jarvis evaded the strike. Zachary struck again swiftly and strongly aiming at Jarvis’s legs but Jarvis jumped and escaped the strike. That time, Jarvis initiated an attack on Zachary and hit while grabbing his sword with both hands but Zachary blocked Jarvis’s strikes with his sword. Jarvis’s strikes were so strong that Zachary did nothing but defend himself until Jarvis cut his neck.
Zachary fell down in shock and his last thought was, Killed by a boy!

Jarvis started shouting, “I killed their leader.”
Banabs panicked and became terrified and the Prouds became more enthusiastic as they started killing more of the Banabs. Eventually, they achieved decisive victory, as most Banabs’ men were killed, and those who survived ran away from the land of the Prouds.
The Prouds ended Banabs’ tyranny and power. Banabs’ assault on the Prouds was suicide. Who would assault the strongest tribe of all?
After the battle, Leader Addison approached his son, Jarvis. Forgive me, Jarvis, for taking you slightly and underestimating you. People of the tribe had been telling me how strong you are but I never believed that. Even I, who have always been famous for being the strongest knight in the tribe, am no match for you.
“You have impressed me in battle and proved your courage when you insisted on fighting that aggressor and killed him.”
“When I insisted on participating in the battle, I only wanted what is best for my people, Father,” Jarvis said, “Their best interest is all I care for.”
The leader said, “Bless you, Jarvis. Now, I shall not worry for the Prouds for dozens of years as long as you are among them.”
The leader then gathered his knights and told them that he decided to invade Banabs in their own land and teach them a lesson. The Prouds headed to the land of Banabs and fought the few men who were there and defeated them for the second time. Once again, Jarvis proved to be the strongest knight.
The leader gathered those who survived of Banabs. “Banabs, you have committed injustice, wreaked havoc, and harmed just about everyone in the desert of Widea, including us, although we have never harmed you. We do not tolerate aggression, and no one in the desert, nor in Widea, wants you anymore. Therefore, I have decided to deport you all immediately. Had you done what you did to another tribe and they defeated you, they would have massacred who ever stayed of you alive. But, we are known for our patience and goodness, so go away now or else!”
Those who had survived of Banabs had no choice, so they started to depart from their land as Leader Addison ordered.
As days went by, the reputation of the brave knight, Jarvis, spread throughout the Kingdom of Widea. He was said to be strong and with time, he was said to be the strongest knight in Widea.

Chapter Twenty


Leader Addison bought a pony as a gift for his son, Jarvis and took it to his house.
When he reached the yard of his house, he shouted, “Come, Jarvis. I want to show you something.”
Jarvis came out. “Hello, Father. Who’s this beautiful pony for?”
The father replied with a smile, “It is yours, Jarvis.”
Jarvis said happily, “Thank you, Father.”
“What shall we call it?” asked the father.
The son thought for a while. “Genos.”
“This is a good name,” said the father. “I want you to promise me to take good care of it.”
Jarvis replied, “I promise you to take very good care of it, Father.”
From that moment, Jarvis considered Genos as a member of his own family.
***
A young lad of the Prouds, called “the Small One”, was used to throwing arrows in an area not far from the land of the Prouds. There were a few small palm trees and he spent most of the days practicing by aiming at certain spots in the trunks of those trees. He was used to shooting angrily, filled with motivation and ambition fueled by jealousy from Jarvis. He was very weak-bodied, yet he was very ambitious and always wanted to be the best. In his time and place, men were ranked according to their strength in combat. He was very jealous from Jarvis because Jarvis was the strongest of all. He wished he could beat him one day. He hated his life and his misfortune, which made him so weak-bodied.
He looked for a way to beat Jarvis and others. Eventually, he arrived at archery which did not require a strong body, but required accuracy and a lot of practice. His ambition prevented him from rest or laziness and forced him to train extensively and hard. Therefore, he used to practice most of the time until he became able to control the bow and arrows the way he controlled his hands, fingers, and eyes. Archery became his life and he devoted all his time and abilities for it.
***
There was another lad of the Prouds, called Reynold, who spent most of his days reflecting and staring at the sky. He was a sensible thinking lad, who always reflected on the universe and everything around him, which made him very wise. Reynold was Jarvis’s best friend and confidant in the tribe.
***
The Prouds continued to resist any aggression and as time went by, they became more famous in Widea for being strong. The same was true for to the Kingdom of Widea under King Matthew, as his conquests succeeded and his kingdom grew larger as time passed until it became so huge and vast.
As days went by, the two parties were, once again, on a course to a collision that would be lethal and huge.


Chapter Twenty-One


Years went by, and King Matthew grew up, as did Commander Reid. The leader who achieved many of the king’s aspirations then got ill and was confined to bed. His condition became much worse, so he asked the king’s permission to come and visit him.
“Hello, Reid,” said the king as he entered the commander’s room. “How are you?”
Reid, whose hair had turned grey, said with shaking faint voice, “I am very ill, My Lord, and I wanted to see you.”
Then he apologized, “Please, forgive me. I tried to come to you instead of having you come to me, but my illness did not let me.”
The king looked carefully at him. He looked at the signs of serious illness on his face and body and remembered his father’s illness that was similar. That made him afraid of seeing his father die again and made him realize that the Commander’s life was at risk.
He said, “I have heard of your illness, great Commander, and thought it was a casual thing.”
Then, with his eyes full of tears, he added, “But, I did not realize how sick you were, otherwise I would have come to visit you as soon as I have heard about your illness.”
“That is all right, My Lord,” the sick man said. “Seeing you now means the world to me.”
Filled with sadness, the king said, “Don’t call me ‘My Lord,’ Commander, but rather ‘Matthew’ or ‘son.’”
When he said so, he cried and so did Reid. They both realized that it was time to say goodbye. Reid said, “I shall call you ‘My Lord.’”
The king realized that it was the right time and last chance to open up.
He replied, “Call me ‘son’ as we are father and son, Commander. You are my real father. I have always loved you more than my own parents. You have always been the tree which provided me with shade, the rock which provided me with strength, and the thunder which scared my enemies away. I was always aware that you could topple me and take over—”
The commander interrupted him, “That is impossible.”
The king put his hand on the commander’s hand. “Please, let me finish… I was always aware that you could topple me and take over, but you have never done so. On the contrary, you have protected my kingship and favored me to your own sons.”
“There is something I want to tell you, My Lord,” said the commander.
The king said, “Say it, Commander.”
The commander said, “Ever since you came to power, I was hoping that I get killed in battle defending you, My Lord. But here I am… dying in my bed like a woman, so forgive me, My Lord… please.”
“But rather like a hero,” said the king. “If it wasn’t for you, none of my conquests, or rather your conquests, could have been achieved.”
“I, too, need to tell you something, Commander,” said the king.
The commander said, “Say it, My Lord.”
The king said, “I am sorry…”
He started crying as his voice trembled. “I am sorry for being so harsh on you when Heather was killed. I am sorry, Commander. I was not myself. A king would never offend his father. That is impossible.”
The commander started crying heavily, and said, “It is all right, My Lord. I understand how angry you were.”
The king said, “Please, Commander, call me ‘son.’”
The commander said, “No. I can’t, My Lord.”
The king said, “Please, Commander…please.”
The commander said, “Very well… Son.”
The son grabbed his father’s hand with both his hands and said as they both cried heavily, “Forgive me, My Lord.”
The father said, “It is all right, Son.”
They held each other’s hands tightly, and the commander was amazed because the king called him “my lord.” It was the greatest honor he could possibly have. He was relieved for finally being able to call the king “son.” It was the biggest reward he could possibly get.
The king stayed with his father for days, filled with sadness as he knew that the moment of departure was approaching. The anticipated moment came, and it was finally the time for the knight to dismount. Commander Reid died, as every beginning has an end and that end filled the king’s heart with sorrow. He was hit in his heart twice, as he lost his father twice. The second time was harder because he considered Commander Reid to be his true father.
***
Years went by and Queen Wenonah became very old. She became very sick with an incurable disease. Her days were numbered. King Matthew visited her frequently. He felt sorry for seeing her fighting disease and death. But, she maintained her usual strength until the end.
Every time he visited her, she would repeat the same phrase she kept telling him since he was little, “I want you to be as strong and invincible as the sky.”
He kept listening to these words and rooting them in his mind. Eventually, Queen Wenonah died and her son cried with extreme pain. He was so grieved because she was the only source of love in his life after Heather had passed away.
All the leaves of the tree of the king’s beloved ones had fallen by the hands of death. Only two leaves were still there on that tree, Florrie and Harlem, and he had to look after and protect them till his last breath if he needed to.
I would sacrifice my life for you, Florrie and Harlem, King Matthew always thought.



Part V
The Prisoner


Chapter Twenty-Two
Year 431.

Senior knights of the Prouds gathered in the house of Leader Addison, as he called for them to discuss the preparation of the army of King Matthew, to fight them.
“King Matthew has mobilized a huge army to fight us, and it is camping nearby. We must move to meet this army,” said Leader Addison as his three sons sat in front of him.
Hammond, Adrian with his light facial hair and black hair peppered with grey, and Jarvis with his thick black short facial hair and long hair falling down his face and cheeks.
Also present was Reynold, with his light black hair covering the sides of his half-bald head and light black facial hair.
Milton was also present at the meeting.
“Jarvis will be the commander of our army,” the leader said. “I shall stay with a few knights here in our land as Matthew’s soldiers may attack us any minute.”
The Small One, was a small man, and that was why he was called by that nickname. He had long blonde hair reaching down to his chest and blue eyes. He was also known for his skills in archery.
He said with a pale voice, “My Leader, why don’t you appoint your eldest, Hammond as commander of the army? Why do you appoint Jarvis, the youngest of your sons, whereas the eldest is entitled to lead as the norms dictate?”
Because the Small One was so jealous of Jarvis, he would not miss the chance to attack him.
Jarvis was very upset by what the Small One said and started staring at him angrily. The other attending people were also upset by what the Small One said.
Angered by what had been said, the leader shouted, “Small One, do not ever say that again.
“Hammond and Jarvis are brothers and brothers are one. Jarvis is known to be the strongest knight in Widea and its surroundings and is feared by all armies and tribes. All our past victories were largely due to his valor and we should use this fact as all our knights have confidence in him. I know that Hammond understands that.”
Then, he added, “Small One, do not say anything that would cause sedition as we derive our strength from our solidarity.”
***
In his house yard, Jarvis was washing his horse with water. He dipped a cloth in the bowl filled with water and washed Genos, touching and patting it. He had always taken care of it, cleaning, looking after, and raising it since it was only a young pony. They grew older together as devoted loyal lovers. Jarvis would never ride any other horse, and Genos would never let any other knight ride it. Jarvis’s loyalty for his beloved ones was like an unblemished perfectly white paper. He considered Genos family and was, therefore, loyal to it. Genos was even more loyal than humans were.
***
It was true that King Matthew wanted the entire world to submit to him, hoping that it alleviated his great sorrow for losing his beloved Heather. Yet, he did not directly launch war against the Prouds, but rather sent them a messenger asking them to surrender without war. He grew too old, and it had been a long time since Heather’s murder. He became more experienced in politics, started to believe that peaceful solutions were better than war, and preferred mind to sword. He realized that the goal was more important than the means, and that was why he sent his messenger to the Prouds asking them to surrender without fight.
It was also true that he had delayed fighting the Prouds after they defeated him a long time ago. But he never forgot about them and was determined to get back to them at the end of his conquests, so that his victory over them would be the jewel in his crown as the king of that vast kingdom.
***
Led by Jarvis, the Prouds marched to meet King Matthew’s mighty huge army. Their army included senior knights, including all of Addison’s sons, Reynold, Milton, and the Small One. There were fourteen thousand or less of the Prouds, whereas Widea’s soldiers were about sixty thousand equipped with more steel and arms than the Prouds. They wore helmets and armors and carried shields, while the Prouds had only their swords. Widea’s soldiers were led by Hector, a strong man, who had led the army for many years despite his young age. He had black hair and trimmed thick black facial hair. He was assisted by his deputy Samuel, also a young man, who was a tanned muscular man, with trimmed black facial hair. Widea’s soldiers wore their famous uniform, which consisted of blue tunic that reached knees, with white trousers beneath it. The king’s army included Leader Shawn and knights of the Sendeys. The leader and his people had never dared to fight the Prouds alone and would only do so with the help of a strong huge army like the king’s.
I will never let you harm my people, Matthew. This can only happen over my dead body, thought Jarvis.
As Jarvis rode his Genos, he moved from side to side in front of the Prouds shouting, “We would sacrifice our lives for freedom…”
Filled with enthusiasm, the Prouds started shouting together, “We would sacrifice our lives for freedom…”
“Attack,” he shouted, and charged with his soldiers like a running river towards Matthew’s army.
The soldiers of Widea started showering the Prouds with arrows killing some, injuring a few others, and causing others to fall off their horses. The Prouds did not stop and reached the soldiers of Widea, overflowing them like a river would overflow a dam and bring it down. On top of their horses, the soldiers of the Prouds carried on killing soldiers of Widea, starting with their archers followed by the rest of them.
After that, the Prouds continued killing Widea’s soldiers on horseback and on foot. Hammond, Adrian, Reynold, and Milton had their swords covered with the blood of Matthew’s soldiers. The Small One stationed himself on a hill and started shooting arrows at Matthew’s soldiers as he was the best archer of all. The Prouds were very tough and strong, however, Jarvis was stronger than all of them. After the Prouds had plunged into Matthew’s army, he dismounted from Genos, held his sword by its handle with his both hands, as he always did in battle, and started killing Matthew’s soldiers. He would strike with great force and once his enemy blocked the strike with his sword or shield, he would direct a lethal strike to him.
As he fought, whenever Jarvis saw one of his soldiers about to be defeated by an enemy, he would ride Genos and rush to save that man and kill his enemy.
Once, Hammond was almost killed, so Jarvis headed towards him shouting, “Hammond.”
He dismounted from his horse and stabbed the enemy in the back with his sword, which went all the way out of his belly as Hammond watched with amazement.
Both the commander of Widea army, Hector, and his deputy, Samuel, killed a substantial number of the Prouds as their ambition as young men drove them to do the impossible in order to make a name for themselves in the realm of glory.
Leader Shawn’s performance in the battle, on the other hand, was ordinary and he managed to survive in the middle of all the killing, which claimed the lives of many soldiers of Widea and the Sendeys alike.
In the heat of the battle, Jarvis rushed on the back of Genos to Hector and dismounted as he shouted at him, “This is what happens to those who challenge the Prouds.”
Hector attacked him with his sword, and Jarvis blocked it, then he quickly struck again holding his sword with both hands, but Hector blocked the strike. Jarvis launched another strike, which was blocked by Hector, then Jarvis struck again causing Hector to fall down, and as he tried to stand up, Jarvis finished him with a stab in the stomach.
When Matthew’s army learned of the death of their leader, they panicked and sustained more casualties. His deputy, Samuel, was very angry and sad as he loved the commander a lot, and they had been best friends ever since they were ordinary soldiers in the army. Samuel’s great rage and hate was evident when he started killing the soldiers of the Prouds in retaliation.
Time went by and Matthew’s defeated soldiers, including Samuel who could do nothing, retreated as did Leader Shawn and his knights. The Prouds achieved total victory and started collecting spoils, treating wounded soldiers of the Prouds, and taking wounded soldiers of Matthew as prisoners.


Chapter Twenty-Three


The knights of the Prouds returned to their land with news of their great victory. The Prouds who did not go to battle were happy, particularly Leader Addison.
In Cintana, in the largest hall of Fitoma Palace, King Matthew sat in the far end against senior figures of his kingdom, including ministers, advisors, and leaders. The most important among them were his son, Prince Harlem and the new commander of the army, Samuel, whom the king appointed as commander after Hector’s death. Also present were the king’s allies. The most important among them was Leader Shawn.
“The Prouds have defeated us badly,” the outraged king shouted. “All this great army of mine gets defeated by desert savages, who are fewer in number and less equipped! Their leader, so called Jarvis, alone kills so many of my soldiers,”
Silence prevailed in the hall.
The king got defeated twice by the same tribe. The second defeat was even worse, as the king had returned after his kingdom expanded greatly, and his army was joined by all those many soldiers.
The angry king wondered, “How could they defeat my huge army, which defeated the strongest men and mightiest knights? How? I have planned for this battle for decades and victory should have been mine, not theirs.”
He paused then added angrily, “I have to defeat the Prouds by any means and at any cost. They could not continue to be an obstacle in my way that holds me back.”
Silence prevailed in the hall, and everyone was filled with anger and hate.
Leader Shawn ended the silence. “We have to retaliate, My Lord, and show them that the king is invincible.”
He paused for a moment then added, “I have had this idea for quite some time, but I have never dared to carry it out. If it is carried out, it will humiliate and tame the Prouds.”
“And why haven’t you done it yourself?” wondered Prince Harlem.
The leader replied, “As a matter of fact, I was afraid of the Prouds’ retaliation because my tribe is not as strong as they are. Whereas if the king carries it out, they will not be able to do anything to him because the Prouds are only strong in battle where there is not any high wall as that of Cintana. But, if they encounter a high wall and a huge army like those of Cintana, they will not win with their few numbers against great King Matthew, provided that they attack Cintana, of course.”
“And what is this idea, Shawn?” asked the king.
The leader replied, “Every year, Leader Addison of the Prouds sends a big commercial caravan, in terms of the number of people and quantity of goods it contains, to his allies of tribes in the northern part of Widea. This has been his norm for almost twelve years, and the Prouds call this caravan the ‘Biggest One.’
“Each year, Leader Addison appoints one of his sons as the leader of this caravan, so that people of the Prouds participating in the caravan, feel reassured that it is well protected as it is led by one of Leader Addison’s sons.
“Leader Addison’s sons, Hammond, Adrian, and Jarvis, take turns in leading the caravan, such that only one of them, in a certain order, goes with it each year.”
He paused then added, “Let’s attack this caravan with a large number of soldiers as the number of the Prouds knights escorting the caravan is very small compared to the number of knights they send to battle. Our victory is guaranteed, and we shall kill some of the Prouds and take some prisoners.
“What is more important of all that is not to kill the leader of the caravan, who is one of Leader Addison’s sons, but take him prisoner, torture, and humiliate him then kill him in order to humiliate Leader Addison and all of the Prouds and wipe the floor with their dignity.”
Some of the Prouds’ ally tribes lived in the northern part of Widea and had strong relations with the Prouds as they traded with and married from each other. The Prouds had pledged to protect these tribes, and therefore, these tribes had been invincible, and no one would dare invade them.
The leader hated the Prouds so much and was looking for a way, no matter how dirty, low, or mean, to retaliate.
Prince Harlem was thrilled, “Excellent idea, Shawn.”
Then he added, “Let us do it, Father.”
The king said, “Very well. Let’s do it. Maybe it will help.”
“Leave the leader of the caravan to me after we capture him, Father,” the prince said. “Let me torture him, so that the Prouds would know who we are, and that they are no match for us.”
He paused then repeated, “Give him to me, Father.”
“He is yours,” said Matthew, causing Harlem’s smile to grow even wider.
Harlem always made sure that he looked strong and harsh to others because he wanted to show everyone that he was tough and not spoiled as people said about him. Therefore, he wanted to take part in torturing Leader Addison’s son and humiliating the Prouds.
Commander Samuel said, “My Lord, let me lead the soldiers who will attack the caravan.”
The commander was still angry from the Prouds, so he wanted to participate in any thing that could harm them.
The king said, “As you wish.”
Then he looked at Harlem. “Work with Samuel to carry out this plan.”
***
Four months after the war between the Prouds and the king, the Prouds’ Caravan, the Biggest One, set off to the northern part of Widea. That time, it was led by Adrian and included many of the Prouds’ men, but not enough to win a fierce battle. The caravan contained a lot of goods. When it got far from the land of the Prouds, its members were surprised by a large number of soldiers heading quickly in their direction. Those were the king’s soldiers, who had been watching the caravan carefully. They were led by Commander Samuel. The number of Widea’s soldiers was many times larger than the number of the soldiers of the Prouds in the caravan. The knights of the Prouds looked like small white fish in the wide blue sea which the king’s soldiers made its uncountable blue droplets. The king’s soldiers attacked the caravan. The men of the Prouds tried to resist them, but the king’s soldiers, whose number was much greater, were able to kill them all, leaving no one alive but Adrian. His description was given to Commander Samuel and Widea’s soldiers by Leader Shawn, who had given them the exact description of all three sons of Leader Addison, in case any of them led the caravan.
During the battle, twenty knights, including Commander Samuel, approached Adrian and surrounded him. Adrian tried to resist, but they attacked him together and after trying to fight back with his sword, one of them struck Adrian’s sword with his, throwing it away and leaving Adrian unarmed.
Commander Samuel said, “Do not resist. That will not help you.”
Adrian’s sword was out of his reach, and the number of soldiers attacking him was too large for him to resist. He was a courageous knight and not afraid to die but at that moment, he chose to surrender to those soldiers as numbers often outweigh courage.
A soldier tied his hands tightly with a thick rope.
They then headed to Cintana after carrying out the agreed upon plan to its last detail.
***
A few days after the king’s soldiers attack on the Prouds’ caravan, a man from a tribe which was an ally of the Prouds, came to Leader Addison and told him what happened.
The man entered the leader’s house, exchanged greetings with him, and then said in panic, “There is something serious I need to tell you, Leader.”
The leader asked, “What is it?”
The man replied, “King Matthew’s soldiers have attacked your caravan, the Biggest One, killing its men and taking Adrian as a prisoner. He is now in Cintana.”
Raging with fury, the leader stood up. “What did you say?
“How dare anyone do such a thing?”
Dignity was the most important thing to the leader. Then how could he possibly calm down after the horrible thing Matthew’s soldiers did to the caravan?
Immediately, the leader ordered Hammond to gather senior knights of the Prouds, particularly Gilbert, in the leader’s house.
“I have just learned of something serious that I need to tell you, people,” said the angry leader in the guest room in his house, where senior figures and strongest knights of the tribe gathered.
They listened carefully as the leader said, “Bastard King Matthew’s soldiers have attacked our caravan, killed all the men and took Adrian as a prisoner.”
The men started raising their voices, talking angrily and threatening to punish King Matthew badly.
Jarvis shouted, “We will annihilate King Matthew and his entire army.”
The leader then added, “Please, calm down. They have Adrian, and we need to know what they are going to do to him.”
He paused then said, “Gilbert, I need you to help me find out what happened to Adrian.”
Gilbert, who was wearing a brown cloak covering his head and body, nodded in approval. He was an old man, yet, strong full-bodied and healthy. He had thick grey hair and thick grey facial hair with a few black hairs. Since he was known for his many long trading trips to all places, including Cintana, as well as his many acquaintances and friends in those places, the leader wanted his help in finding out about Adrian.
“You know Cintana and its people more than any of us do, Gilbert, and we want you to trace our son there,” the leader said.
“Maybe your acquaintances and friends can tell you what has become of him and whether they are torturing him…”He sighed then continued, “or they will kill him.”

“Very well. I shall go to Cintana with some of my subordinates,” Gilbert said. “I shall not take the whole caravan, so that we can get there as soon as possible and find out what will happen to Adrian.”
***
By noon, as soon as Adrian arrived at Cintana, Prince Harlem ordered the immediate transfer of Adrian to an underground cell designed to detain prisoners. Next to it was a large hall designed to torture them.
Once Adrian was transferred to that dirty underground cell, Harlem went there.
He approached the bed in the cell where Adrian sat surrounded by soldiers. “Tie him to the chair in the middle of the room.”
A fat, tall, bald, and fair soldier with orange hair and short black moustache approached. He grabbed Adrian, put him in the chair in the hall that was designed for torture, and tied his hands to the arms of the chair and his legs to the legs of chair.
The prince approached Adrian and put his head next to Adrian’s head. “You call yourselves the Prouds? Isn’t that right?”
He started shaking his head gloating. “Who is your master, Adrian?”
The gloating prince wanted to humiliate the Prouds by any means possible. Therefore, he wanted to humiliate Adrian as much as possible, as killing one man without humiliating him would not harm the Prouds much but humiliating him meant a lot to them.
With the extreme calm and courage, he was known for, Adrian replied, “My master is Addison, the master of the Prouds… he is my only master.”
The prince shook his head and moved it away from Adrian.
Realizing how tough and stubborn his prisoner was, and that he was not going to submit easily, he said, “Keep him this way and spill some hot water, hotter than the sun on him, from time to time, then spill some ice cold water on him and so on. Do this in shifts, all day and night until I return to you, maybe he will know who his master is.”
The fat torturer nodded, and so did the rest. Harlem smiled in malevolence and left the area quietly. Meanwhile, the fat man started to fill a bucket in the cell with very hot water and spilt it on Adrian’s head and chest causing his head to burn a little. He continued spilling hot water on him until the night came. Every time he spilt hot water on him, Adrian would clutch his teeth quietly without crying or begging. When the night came as his face was burnt and the upper part of his dress was torn, his eyelids started to close as he was about to fall asleep. At that moment, the fat man started filling the bucket with freezing cold water and splashed it on him waking him up. Whenever he tried to sleep, the fat man would spill cold water on him causing him to shiver strongly until the morning came while he was still sitting on the chair holding out quietly.
The fat man went away to be replaced by a very tall, very thin, brown soldier, whose face was full of scars and wounds. He had a long black moustache. The soldier started to spill hot water on Adrian again and kept doing so until the night came, inflicting more burns on him. After that, he started spilling cold water on him until the morning came. Adrian remained holding out quietly.
Then the prince came and approached Adrian, whose face and body were full of burns, and was shivering from cold, and said, “Eh. Which one did you like more, the cold or hot water?”
He grinned a malicious grin. “Don’t think that we mistreat our guests. By God, if you obey us, we will bless you with the grace of heaven. Yet, if you challenge us, I will make the last two days seem like heaven to you. Eh, who is your master, Adrian?”
Adrian started making sounds, so Harlem moved closer to him saying, “Do I hear you say, Matthew?”
Adrian shouted with the little force he had left in him, “No. Addison is my master.”
“Whip him two hundred times, then spill cold and hot water on him and whip him again and so on,” said the prince.
Adrian was whipped two hundred times, had cold and hot water spilled on him, then whipped again and so on. He remained that way with the two torturers taking turns torturing him for two more days while he was still holding out quietly.
The prince returned and tried with all he had to get his adversary to submit. “This is your last chance. Who is your master, Adrian?”
Adrian repeated the same answer, so Harlem ordered the soldiers to heat a rod in fire and burn Adrian’s body with it in addition to all previous forms of torture.
I swear I shall never give in even if you subject me to the worst torture ever. The Prouds’ dignity will stay upheld in the entire Widea and the whole universe, thought Adrian, who grew stronger and tougher in the face of the prince’s cruel torture.
Adrian favored his people to himself. He even favored their dignity to his own life. He could have said, “King Matthew is my master,” and return safe to his people. But, he believed that, in that dirty underground prison, he represented all of the Prouds and not only himself. He also insisted on maintaining his usual calmness under such harsh conditions because he knew that any sign of pain would make Harlem and his father happy and allows them to satisfy their lust for revenge and gloating.
The two soldiers took turns burning, whipping, and spilling hot and cold water on him until his body was burnt, and blood started coming out of his deep burns. They kept doing that for two more days until he died holding out quietly without crying or begging. They threw him on the floor with his face and chest full of burns. His back was a house for whipping scars, signs of burns, and blood. His white dress was mixed with the redness of his blood.
He died the way he wanted, holding out quietly and maintaining his dignity and, most importantly, the dignity of the Prouds.

Chapter Twenty-Four


Gilbert and his companions returned from their journey to Cintana carrying a huge burden. How could he tell Adrian’s family and other people about the torture Adrian had been subjected to, and the way he had died?
As he reached the quarters of the Prouds, Gilbert headed immediately to Leader Addison’s house, where the tribe’s knights and senior figures gathered.
“Tell us the good news, Gilbert. Is our son all right?” said Addison as his heartbeat accelerated.
The leader’s soul was like a barren desert, and good news about his son was the rain that would bring it back to life.
Gilbert sighed and remained silent.
“Why are you silent, Gilbert?” asked the leader who started to panic.
Left with no choice but to tell the truth, sad Gilbert said, “I am sorry, Addison, your son was double-crossed by Harlem, son of Matthew, who tortured him for nearly a week until he killed him.”
Have I led my son to death when I insisted on fighting Matthew? was the first thought that crossed Leader Addison’s mind.
The lot of them were overwhelmed with anger and started talking and whispering as Jarvis closed his eyes and moved his head right and left, unable to handle the news.
The shocked father shouted, “What did you say? My son, the Proud and descendant of the Prouds, tortured to death? Oh, Adrian, oh.”
What the father expected when he sent Gilbert to find out about his son was true. Yet, despite expecting that, he had some faint hope that his son was alive, as reality often differs from expectations. He was in great pain for the death of his son as anyone in his shoes would be. But, what hurt him even more was the way Adrian was killed, which humiliated the Prouds.
Although all the Prouds were sad, Milton started thinking realistically, as he was not that grieved, Had they accepted peace, none of this would have happened. We were no match to such huge army and we had to lose somehow.
Hammond’s thoughts were similar to Milton’s, only Hammond’s thoughts were mixed with deep grief for his brother.
The father started to breathe deeply and quickly then put his hand on his chest and fell in his chair unconscious.
Jarvis cried, “Father.”
Everyone stood up.
One man said, “Carry him to his bed.”
So his two sons did.
Hammond went calling for his mother and sister to look after his father.
Jarvis went out to the others and asked impatiently, “What shall we do?”
Gilbert replied, “We must go get the physician from the tribe of Monqes.”
A man said, “I will go there and bring the physician.”
“You do that,” said Jarvis.
***
Addison did not regain consciousness. The physician arrived two days later. The leader’s sons told him what happened, so he went inside and examined the leader whereas his sons waited outside until the examiner came out to them.
“Do tell us. How is our leader?” said the oldest son.
“Based on what you told me and after examining him, the problem is with your father’s heart,” the physician replied. “Sometimes, when a man is too angry or sad, his heart becomes sick. This is what happened to your leader after suffering the loss of your brother.”
The two brothers frowned.
Hammond asked, “Isn’t there any chance for him to recover?”
The physician replied honestly and realistically, “There is always hope to recover from any ailment. But, I am not going to lie to you. Your father is an old man, and the calamity is too much for him. Your brother died in a horrible way, and judging from my experience, I think his chances of recovery are very small. If I were in your shoes, I would stay by his side day and night.”
Frowning, Jarvis tried to enter his father’s room but his brother said angrily, “Can’t you wait for your older brother to go in first, Jarvis?”
Jarvis, who was surprised by his brother’s attitude, paused and the older brother entered, followed by the younger one.
Few days later, Leader Addison stopped breathing. That huge mountain which held out for decades against the mightiest wind and fiercest blows suddenly collapsed due to the way his son died.
When his family heard the news, they were deeply grieved and started crying heavily. As soon as the Prouds heard the news, they gathered around the leader’s house.
The first thought that came to Jarvis’s mind was, Can it really be true, Father, that you just died suddenly in this painful manner? How can this be true when you have been the greatest of the Prouds all these years? You have been pain in the necks of the greatest knights and kings!
Jarvis came out of the house angry and crying.
He walked, leaned with his right hand and head against a palm tree near the house, and cried out like an exploding volcano, “I will get my revenge from you, Matthew, and your imbecile son Harlem.”
The death of my father and Adrian will not go unpunished, thought Jarvis.
A blow like the way Adrian died was very painful and a blow like the way Leader Addison died was very painful, let alone both similarly strong blows hitting Jarvis and each one of the Prouds simultaneously.


Part VI
The New Leader


Chapter Twenty-Five


Jarvis and Hammond washed the body of their father then all of the Prouds walked to the Prouds’ graveyard, where the leader was to be buried.
All attending men and children of the tribe wore mourning clothes, which were same as their usual clothes, only entirely black.
Hammond and Jarvis put their father in his grave then filled it with sand. They were further humiliated because they did not have Adrian’s body and could not burry him as a dead person was mainly honored by burying him.
Jarvis, Hammond, and other members of the Prouds looked at Leader Addison for the last time. Jarvis was clearly angry, and that funeral was the calm before the storm.
***
The Prouds gathered in their late leader’s house to offer their condolences wearing their mourning clothes.
As they sat, Gilbert said what they all wanted to say, “It is true that our leader has died only recently, but there is something that we need to discuss right now. We must elect a new leader to run our affairs. Who shall be our new leader?”
The Prouds were used to pledging allegiance to their new leader as soon as possible after the death of their previous leader. The tribe could not be left without a leader, and selecting a new leader quickly would maintain stability in the tribe and its image in the eyes of other people.
“The norm is for the leader’s oldest son to succeed him, and my brother Hammond is the eldest,” Jarvis said firmly. “It is also the norm for the wisest to rule, and my brother is the wisest. Therefore, my brother is the one entitled to rule.”
“This is common knowledge, Jarvis. There is no need to bring it up,” shouted his brother angrily like a raging tiger.
Jarvis felt sad as his brother’s words were like knives cutting him from within.
The Small One, on the other hand, smiled happily and felt that was the beginning of a new era where Jarvis would be an ordinary person just like anyone else in the tribe after having been such a spoiled lad during the time of his father.
The rest of the tribe were amazed by the way Hammond talked to his brother, especially as Jarvis had a high status in the tribe, not to mention that there were strangers who came to offer their condolences.
In order to get over what happened between the two brothers and end the dispute in its cradle, one of the Prouds decided to declare allegiance to Hammond as the leader of the Prouds. “Then, we pledge allegiance to you, Hammond, as there is no one better than you to lead our tribe.”
“Yes, we pledge allegiance to you, Hammond, son of the noble Addison,” another man said.
One after the other, they started pledging allegiance to him.
***
Jarvis went to his brother’s house, greeted him, and they both sat down.
Jarvis asked, “When are we going to punish Matthew and his son, Hammond?”
“My father has just been buried and you want to go to war, Jarvis?” replied Hammond, who was expecting such question from Jarvis or any other member of the tribe, and was ready to answer it.
His response was an unpleasant surprise, as Jarvis expected him to approve the revenge immediately.
“That is why I want to go to war now, in order to avenge him before his body decomposes,” replied Jarvis.
“Our people are hurt now,” the new leader said. “Let them heal, then we shall get our revenge.”
Again, Hammond’s response was unexpected. Despite that, Jarvis remained silent because patience at such difficult time was better than dispute and because he would eventually get what he wanted.


Chapter Twenty-Six


As Milton was in his house, a messenger from King Matthew arrived wearing different clothes to those of the king’s soldiers as ordered by the cunning king, so that no one of the Prouds recognized him and realized that there was something going on between the king and Milton.
Milton received and welcomed him then asked, “What can I do for you?”
“King Matthew sent me to you requesting to see you in Cintana for an important matter,” replied the messenger.
“Very well,” Milton said. “I shall get ready and go with you to Cintana.”
The arrival of the king’s messenger made Milton very happy. He felt as if the messenger was an angel coming to take him to heaven, which would happen after he cooperated with the king and got what he wanted out of it. Despite what happened to the leader and his son, Milton was still insisting on his plan of getting the Prouds to cooperate with King Matthew, believing that it would be to the best interest of them.
The summoned man arrived at Fitoma Palace, where he had some rest from his trip until the king sent for him to come to the same part of the yard of the palace where they had sat last time. There were two chairs surrounded by all kinds of delicious foods and drinks. The king was trying to allure his guest and friend again with such luxury.
The king welcomed his guest and invited him to sit on the couch.
“Milton, the news about the death of your leader Addison has spread,” the king said. “There is no need for fighting anymore. Now that your friend has become the new leader, convince him to make peace and I shall give you many times what I promised you of slaves and money.”
The king knew how smart and cunning Milton was and that Milton had Hammond, whether Hammond realized it or not, like a ring around his finger.
“Thank you, My Lord. But will you give Hammond a valuable gift that would bring you two closer?” Milton said happily. “Unfortunately, there was bloodshed between us, and we need something to calm him down. And you, My Lord, are generous.”
Milton was cunning and he wanted to get something, or things, from the king, if possible, in return for everything he did for him. He also did not want Hammond to think that he was trying to convince him to make peace with the king only because the king kept giving him gifts. But rather he wanted to convince Hammond that the king was generous with all those who supported him, and that an agreement between the Prouds and the king would lead to bliss and happiness.
The king started thinking then said, “Knowing that you would be a source of strong support for me if you join my kingdom and will enhance my power significantly, I am willing to give my only daughter Princess Florrie in marriage to Hammond or his brother. And I shall appoint one of them in a high position either as a big minister in my state or as the commander of my army.”
The king was ready to do anything to make the Prouds his allies. Also, he thought no one was more qualified than them to marry his daughter and lead his army.
Milton was astonished by what he heard and wanted to pinch himself in order to make sure that he was not dreaming.
He smiled. “This is the kind of generosity you are known and famous for, King of all kingdoms.”
***
Milton returned to the Prouds’ land feeling eager and impatient to tell Hammond about the offer.
After a short while, he went to see his friend.
“I have been to Cintana, Hammond, and I have got a message for you from King Matthew,” said Milton.
The leader asked angrily, “How could you go there after all that happened between us?”
“Hammond, I did not go there on my own,” Milton replied smartly. “The king sent for me, and I only went to see what he wanted.”
“And what is his message?” asked the leader as he started to calm down.
The messenger replied, “The king wants peace…”
He paused for a moment then continued, “As a gesture of good intent, and to prove that he never wanted to kill our leader or his son, he is willing to give his only daughter, Princess Florrie, in marriage to you or to Jarvis. He is also willing to appoint one of you in a high position either as a big minister in his state or as the commander of his army.”
Hammond was amazed by the great offer as he never expected the king wanted peace that much. He thought that was an offer no sane man could say no to.
Hammond had heard that the king’s daughter was the most beautiful woman in Widea, and the king had refused to give her in marriage even to kings who proposed to her.
Hammond said, “Let me think and let our people calm down, then I promise you that things will go the way you want.”
Milton was pleased and thought, Finally, my dreams will come true.
Hammond always wanted to be the best and he was raised based on the idea that one day he would become the main man in his tribe and surroundings. Since he was not the strongest fighter in his tribe, nor the strongest of his brothers, he had to excel at something. The thing he had always been looking for and eventually found was to always choose peace and tranquility over war and disturbance, contrary to most men of his tribe in his time and in the past times alike. He always tried to convince himself that he made that choice willingly although he could choose force, resistance, and dignity.
***
About one month after the death of their previous leader, the Prouds gathered in the house of their new leader, upon his order, as he wanted to enquire about their needs.
The leader said, “People, does anyone have a need that I can fulfill?”
No one replied, so he repeated the question.
Again, no one replied.
“Hammond, we have waited a whole month, and our knights are raging with fury,” Jarvis said. “I believe it is time for this fury to be released.”
“How can we fight a king and a prince to whom all kingdoms and tribes have submitted?” astonished Milton asked Jarvis.
Although those words were not addressed to Milton, he wanted to pave the way for Hammond to present the new idea to the tribe, which was making peace with King Matthew.
Jarvis was very angry for Milton’s intervention. Therefore, he shouted, “We fight them just like we did the other time when we spilt their bloods on the ground.”
Hammond said quickly and confidently, “This is never going to happen, Jarvis.”
Hammond’s words hit the men suddenly like thunder. What did Hammond just Say? Can he really mean it? thought Jarvis.
Angry voices started to rise.
Jarvis stood up and shouted loudly, “How can that be?”
Hammond was waiting impatiently for that moment for a long time, the moment he stood out from the rest of the tribe and he dictated something none of them wanted.  “We are not going to fight King Matthew.”
Jarvis became very mad. “What did you say? They killed my father and my brother,” he shouted even louder.
Hammond shouted back, “Wars have casualties. We killed some of them just as they killed some of us. People fight and make peace. This is life. We must be wise. Anger led us to what we are in now.”
Jarvis was raging like an angry monster and shouted even louder, “What is this nonsense you are talking? Their dead are not equal to ours.”
He waived his hands as he continued, “The right is on our side, and they are on the side of evil.”
“I am the leader and not you,” the leader said in a calm tone. “I decide what we do.”
“Have you traded the bloods of my father, my brother, and all of the Prouds?” Jarvis shouted again. “How much did they pay you?”
Hammond could not put up with what his brother said and considered it offensive, so he slapped his brother so strongly that his face turned to other side.
Silence prevailed in the room, and Jarvis turned back quickly to his brother with his eyes wide open. An earthquake could have started at that moment. Anything could have happened.
Jarvis stared at the new leader thinking, How dare you?
But it ended there because despite his raging fury, he managed to control himself. He never thought anyone would slap him and get away with it unpunished. Yet, it happened. Hammond had slapped him and he could have returned it two folds because he was stronger than him. But he did not because Hammond was his older brother and was the tribe’s leader.
Jarvis left the place amid total silence.
People were shocked by what happened. The Small One, on the other hand, grinned when Hammond slapped his brother.
Milton was not happy for the slap itself as he did not hate Jarvis nor wished him evil, but he was very happy because the new leader had finally listened to him.
***
The next day, Jarvis went out of his house heading to the Prouds’ graveyard, where his father was buried. He rode Genos and headed to the grave with fire coming out of his eyes as Genos took him quietly to the graveyard. He felt angry and humiliated because Hammond had slapped him. But that was not the only thing on his mind as nothing compared to his desire to avenge his father and brother.
On his way, he passed by the Small One and Milton as they stood near the door of the Small One’s house but he did not greet them. He looked scornfully at Milton as he was almost certain that it was him who convinced Hammond not to fight King Matthew as Hammond would never tolerate the death of his father and his brother. That was why Milton defended Hammond’s decision that day when Hammond slapped Jarvis. Jarvis considered Milton a traitor because although he did not kill Leader Addison or his son Adrian, or help kill them, he failed them by abstaining from avenging them and accepting what happened to them.
Failing someone is a type of betrayal, as one does not have to harm his friend, relative, or anyone he is supposed to love by killing, beating them, or the like in order to be considered a traitor. But if he knows that they have been killed or beaten and does not save them or he accepts what has happened, then such failing is betrayal in its own accord.
If someone watches a related person drowning and leaves him without help, is not that betrayal? Let alone Milton who not only failed the Prouds, but also made friends with their enemy and murderer King Matthew, and then it turned out he was his ally.
As he moved away from them, the Small One said loudly and cynically, “Why don’t you greet your people? It seems like you need another slap.”
Jarvis was like a river trapped behind a dam and was about to burst any moment when the dam collapsed, waiting for any crack, no matter how small, to burst out. The Small One’s words were that crack. Therefore, as soon as he heard the Small One’s words, he pulled Genos by its bridle causing it to raise its forelegs up and neigh loudly, and then he turned around and returned quickly to the Small One. He dismounted and ran like lightning towards the Small One, and as he reached him, he punched him forcefully.
The Small One cried of pain, “Ah.”
The Small One tried to punch Jarvis, who avoided the punch, and then he kicked the Small One with his foot below his chest throwing him backwards on the door of his house, which broke as the Small One fell in his house yard. Jarvis ran and sat on top of him with his knees on the ground and started punching him forcefully with his right and left hands until some men, including Milton, gathered grabbed Jarvis, and moved him away. Jarvis became as mad as a wild horse. He escaped them, attacked the Small One like a beast, sat on top of him with his knees on the ground, and started punching him again with his both hands, as the Small One lay on the ground, until more men gathered, grabbed him, and moved him away. Then they helped the Small One stand up while his nose was bleeding covering his face and clothes with blood.
The men moved Jarvis away as he shouted, “Anyone who underestimates me or the value of my father and brother’s blood will face what the Small One has just faced.”
With those words, he wanted to send a message to Milton and his brother as well.
The Small One remained silent with amazement and fear. He felt humiliated, and in those few moments, his hatred for Jarvis multiplied substantially.
Then, Jarvis walked to his horse, rode it, and took off to the graveyard.
***
Jarvis arrived to the graveyard where his father had been buried and started reflecting on what happened with a frowning face. One moment he would stand up and the other, he would squat next to the grave with tears falling down his face every now and then.
He was grieved as he felt that he was entrusted with his father and his brother’s revenge as if they were talking to him from the world beyond, “How could you tolerate what happened to us? How could you accept it, Jarvis?”
Their voices came from every direction until he almost lost his mind. He felt his body would burst because of the huge pain that accumulated inside it.



Chapter Twenty-Seven


Jarvis returned to his house, went to his bedroom, and sat down below the window with his back leaning against the wall and his legs stretched forward.
As he sat, he frequently touched his face where his brother had slapped him and wondered, How can I ever forgive this slap?
He started reflecting thoroughly on what had happened between the Prouds and the king until he was interrupted by a knock on the door. He opened the door and saw his friend Reynold standing there, so he greeted him and invited him in. They sat in the guest room.
“Jarvis, I have talked to many men and we are all with you on whatever you decide,” said Reynold.
He then added, “We can live with anything, poverty, disease, or hunger, anything but humiliation, which is exactly what your brother is putting us in.”
After deep thinking, Jarvis said, “Wait until I find a way to solve this dilemma without causing sedition. I am thinking thoroughly and I will definitely find a way.”
“Very well,” said Reynold. “But always remember that we are with you on whatever you decide.”
He greeted Jarvis, stood up, and left.
Once Reynold had gone, Jarvis returned to his bedroom to sit below the window, with his back leaning against the wall and his legs stretched forwards. He started contemplating again. As he reflected, he felt as if he was living in hell, burning and suffering more as time went by. He needed a way out of that hell, but it was difficult to find, it seemed to be from a fantasy world rather than from the real world.
What shall I do? he thought.
He did not want to lose his brother and instigate sedition. Yet, he wanted revenge. He was like a man lost in a barren dry desert looking for an oasis that would save him, but finding that oasis was not easy because if the man kept looking for water, he would get thirstier with time and die if he did not find it. Yet, if he stayed where he was, though he might live longer, he would eventually die after a life full of pain and regret.
Through the window, the sky would sometimes appear blue and other times black. Blueness and blackness alternated through the window while he kept contemplating until he stood up suddenly as blackness appeared through the window, heading to Gilbert.
He finally found a realistic solution that would ensure him revenge and keep him his brother, Hammond, at the same time. The lost man in the dry desert finally reached the oasis.
***
Jarvis arrived at and entered the house of Gilbert, who greeted him.
Jarvis said, “Gilbert, I need to ask you something.”
“Go ahead, Jarvis,” Gilbert replied.
“During your many journeys to Cintana, have you ever seen Harlem, son of Matthew?” asked Jarvis.
“Yes,” said Gilbert, “I saw him once before our war with them. I was on a trade journey with several merchants from neighboring tribes. We went to Cintana and saw the king and his son touring the streets of Cintana in a cortege.”
Then he wondered curiously, “But, why do you ask?”
“I want you to describe Harlem to me,” Replied Jarvis.
Gilbert wondered why Jarvis would ask him that.
“He is thin, tall, and fair,” he replied. “He has light black facial hair and short black hair. He also has a distinctive mole on the right side of his forehead.”
As he talked to Gilbert, Jarvis was paying great attention, as any small detail could help him with his plan.
“And where can I find him?” asked Jarvis.
“The king has many palaces throughout the kingdom and he could be in anyone of them,” Gilbert replied. “Nevertheless, the king and his family, including his son Harlem, spend most of their time in Fitoma Palace in Cintana.”
“But, why do you need to know all this?” he added as he got more curious.
“You will know soon,” said Jarvis.
***
Jarvis thought his plan over carefully, examining the smallest steps and details, because he was planning something very difficult and dangerous, and the smallest error would cause the plan to fail and get him killed.
After deep thinking, he started washing Genos with water. When he finished washing it and it was looking fine, he grabbed his weapon, food, a brown cloak, and a black piece of cloth and put them all on top of Genos. Looking at Genos, he remembered his father, and how he gave him it as a gift one day.
After preparing everything he needed for his journey, he returned to his house, sat exactly the same way below the window, and started contemplating again until just before dawn. Then, he stood up, headed to his father’s house, and woke his sister Raelene, who was a black-haired, fair woman. He asked her to wake his mother Shannon who was a black-haired, fat, brown, old woman. She did so. They both went to Jarvis who was standing in the living room.
He said with sadness, as that could be the last time he saw them, “I wanted to say bye and probably farewell.”
“What makes you say so, My Son? Where are you going?” asked the mother who sensed that her son was about to do something dangerous.
“I am going to avenge my father and my brother,” he replied.
The two women were astonished. How can he avenge his father and brother alone? And why is he leaving now without telling any of the tribe’s men? the two women started thinking and felt sad and scared because whatever he was about to do was very dangerous.
He waited until just before dawn and surprised his mother and sister on purpose, because if he was to tell them during the day, they might try to make him change his mind. Perhaps they would tell Hammond and the rest of the tribe so that they prevented him from going.
He then left the room to the house yard, where he rode Genos as his mother and sister followed him outside.
“Forgive me if I have ever did you wrong, especially you, Mother, and do not be sad if I do not come back,” he said. “If this happens, it will be for the sake of two great men. Pray for my success, Mother.”
He finished talking and took off on the back of Genos, as his mother and sister watched him going away.




Part VII
Breaking In


Chapter Twenty-Eight


Jarvis crossed the desert between the land of the Prouds and Cintana, thinking of nothing but revenge. After days of continuous exhausting travelling, during which he only stopped to eat or have some sleep, he arrived at the walls of Cintana. The view of the capital would petrify any man, except Jarvis, who saw it for the first time, because he feared no one.
He dismounted from Genos, put on his brown cloak, and covered his mouth, nose, and entire face below his eyes with the black cloth, so that no one of the soldiers of Widea could recognize him. It was not because of cowardice, but he wanted to make sure that his plan did not fail, as would happen if any of Widea’s soldiers found out that he was one of the Prouds. The plan was very difficult as it was him alone against an entire kingdom with its king, prince, army, and soldiers.
After that, he rode his horse again, headed to the main gate of Cintana, and entered the city.
As soon as he entered, he asked a pedestrian eagerly, “Where is Fitoma Palace?”
The pedestrian gave him directions. Jarvis went there and stopped by the gate of a huge magnificent palace built with huge blue stones.
He approached a bystander, “Where is the nearest inn to the palace?”
The bystander showed him. He went there and rented a room.
Every day, camouflaged in his cloak and veil, he would explore the palace, starting at its main gate and going around its entire wall, counting the guards at the gates and noticing who went in and out. He maintained that close surveillance for one week.
***
Late at night, Jarvis left the inn after paying its owner what he owed him and headed to Fitoma Palace on the back of Genos. When he approached its main gate, he tied Genos where no one could see it and walked carefully and slowly until he was able to see the two guards at the main gate of the palace. That way, he started his revenge, like someone shaking hands with death willingly. As soon as he started breaking in, all his worries disappeared, and were replaced by focus and determination to achieve his goal.
He kept watching until he saw the guards talking, and one of them went inside the palace. At that moment, Jarvis grabbed his sword and ran carefully behind the remaining guard, covered his mouth with his left hand, and used his right hand to cut the guard’s neck. Then, he moved the body, hid it, and sneaked in grabbing his sword with both hands. He saw the second guard walking, so he ran behind him, covered his mouth with his left hand, and stabbed him in the back. After that, he moved his body and hid it.
He went further into the palace, which consisted of two floors with several rooms in each floor. There was a large yard in the ground floor full of trees, plants, chairs, and tables. Upstairs, the floor was small and thin around the doors of the rooms. Several stairs connected the two floors.
He found a third guard, sneaked behind him, grabbed his head with his left hand, and put his sword against his neck saying firmly, “If you shout or call other guards, I will kill you. Where are the rooms of the king and his son?”
Then, with a louder voice, he repeated the question, “Where are the rooms of the king and his son?”
The guard replied, “All right, I will tell you. Go ahead two hundred feet and you will reach their rooms.”
Jarvis covered the guard’s mouth with his left hand and slashed his throat. After that, he hid his body and walked ahead nearly two hundred feet. When he got there, he found tight guard, so he started watching.
Then, he saw a guard, went upstairs behind him, grabbed his head tightly with both hands, with his left hand on the guard’s forehead and his right hand on his chin, and twisted his head breaking his neck. As he moved his body in order to hide it, another guard saw him and panicked as only a crazy reckless man would dare break into the greatest king’s palace alone without assistance!
The guard shouted to warn everybody in the palace, “Intruder, we have an intruder.”
Then he looked at another guard, “Go and tell the commander of the guards of the palace.”
More guards came to where Jarvis was. He headed to the guard who blew his cover, hit the guard’s sword with his and then struck him in the chest.
Then he headed towards another guard, hit his sword twice then stabbed him in his stomach. He then headed towards a third guard and, after the guard blocked his strike with his sword, Jarvis chopped his head off forcefully.
After that, he saw a number of guards downstairs in the yard. He went down the stairs while two soldiers went up to him. Holding his sword with both hands, he struck the first soldier in the neck and the second in his stomach.
He continued going down the stairs and saw a distant guard. The guard was very tall and big with long black hair falling down the sides of his head and long thick black facial hair. They started running quickly towards each other, with Jarvis running faster than the huge guard. The closer they got to each other, the faster they ran until they were close to each other. The huge guard struck aiming at Jarvis’s head. Jarvis lowered his head and hit the huge soldier, cutting his chest and stomach.
After that, Jarvis went up some stairs and headed to a room, which he opened and did not find anyone inside. He headed to the next room and opened it to find a group of the king and his son’s women sleeping. As he entered the room, they woke up and started screaming and running away.
He grabbed one of them by her hair and shouted while holding his sword with his other hand, “Where is Harlem’s room?”
The woman was terrified but she decided not to tell him where her prince was.
She lied, screaming, “I do not know.”
He shouted like a roaring lion, “Tell me where Harlem’s room is, or I will kill you.”
He said that putting his sword on her neck and shaking her sideways.
The slave was extremely terrified and had no choice but to tell him.
She said crying, “It is the sixth room to the left of this one.”
He threw her on the floor by the head and left the room. On his way to Harlem, he killed two soldiers by striking them in the stomach and went to the sixth room. There, he kicked the door open with his foot and found Harlem sleeping next to a woman. Harlem woke up scared. His heart started to beat faster, and he felt as if Jarvis was the angel of death. Horror swarmed his heart suddenly like lightning in the sky, as he saw Jarvis running towards him. So he ran to his sword, and tried to fight back but Jarvis hit his sword throwing it away. He tried to resist with his hand, but Jarvis struck him. Then, he ran out of the room. Jarvis followed him quickly.
Many guards were running everywhere looking for the intruder. Jarvis grabbed Harlem and pulled him forcefully, as he was sure that it was Harlem because he matched Gilbert’s description, particularly the mole on his forehead.
Harlem started begging, fearfully, “Who are you? What do you want from me? What did I do to you?”
Jarvis continued pulling him, as the guards saw Jarvis and started running in his direction. He went down some stairs with Harlem, and then he saw two approaching guards, so he threw him on the floor. Harlem tried to escape as Jarvis killed the first guard with a strike to his neck and the second one with a strike to his chest. Jarvis ran quickly towards Harlem and pulled him again but there were too many soldiers coming quickly one after the other. The sound of their footsteps on the floor seemed like quick loud drumming. More and more guards arrived, and Jarvis was no longer able to fight them, so he walked holding Harlem then stood with him in front of a huge column in the yard of that part of the palace. He grabbed Harlem by putting his left hand on his chest and the edge of his sword, which he held with his right hand, on his neck.
Then he shouted very loudly, breathing very deeply and quickly as a result of running and killing, “If you come any closer, I will kill him.”
Many soldiers circled Jarvis, with him, Harlem, and the huge column behind him in the middle.
After a while, a guard shouted, “Make way for King Matthew.”
Soldiers started moving aside as King Matthew, who had been told about the intruder by one of the guards, passed between them until he reached the closest soldier to the capturer and the captive.
“Who dares to break into my house, when kings and armies failed to break into the outskirts of my kingdom?” he said with amazement.
At that moment, all he wanted was to save his son by any means possible. If he lost his son, killing Jarvis, or all of the Prouds for that matter, would not compensate him.
He paused for a while then continued, “You must be Jarvis since you are after my son, Harlem. I have heard much about you, and you are the only reason for my army’s recent defeat.”
The king was a genius and, based on his study of the Prouds and their mentality, he knew that the intruder was Jarvis. By praising and glorifying Jarvis, he was trying to make him have mercy.
He paused then continued in a calm manner, “Jarvis, bravery does not always work. Harlem is my only son and I love him and his sister, Florrie, the most. If you kill him now, I will never forgive you.
“Do you see all these soldiers of mine? They will attack you if you do so, and you will either be killed or taken prisoner, in which case, you will be subjected to the worst torture any man has ever been subjected to. Either way, you are dead.
“This way your tribe will lose its leader and his two sons in return for one son of mine. After killing you, I will invade your tribe and kill every one of your people. That will not be difficult then that you are gone. So what will you eventually get out of this?
“On the other hand, if you let my son go, I shall let you go safely and will never go after you.”
He paused for a moment, then said, with words attacking Jarvis’s mind like a fast leopard, “Listen to the sound of reason, it is better than the sound of the heart. Calm is better than anger.”
The cunning king knew that any mistake at that moment would end his son’s life, so if he, for instance, was to shout at Jarvis, order his soldiers to attack him, or do anything to aggravate the situation, then the last thing Jarvis would do before he died was to kill the man who killed his father and brother.
Jarvis thought for a while then pressed the blade of his sword against Harlem’s neck in order to strike fear in the hearts of the king and his soldiers and let them know that he was serious. He cut Harlem’s neck, and blood started coming out. Harlem moaned, and Jarvis succeeded in scaring everybody.
The king, who had not been scared by anything for a long time, was terrified at that moment, for although he was a king, he was a father at the end of the day.
“Watch out!” Harlem’s father shouted. “Think carefully.”
Jarvis thought again and realized that Matthew was right and that his plan was doomed to fail. Therefore, he realized that letting Harlem go would, under those circumstances, benefit his people more than killing him.
He could have killed Harlem in the first place when he held him outside his room but he decided to take him hostage because there was no way he could leave the palace alive if he killed Harlem then, after all the palace guards knew he was there. Therefore, he chose to take Harlem hostage while he decided what to do to leave the palace alive.
At those intense moments, Jarvis decided to do as the king said. But he was smart and decided to dictate his own conditions, so that he could leave with minimal losses, as the king might seize that golden opportunity and kill his enemy Jarvis.
Therefore, still breathing heavily and quickly, he said, “Very well. I will let him go. Make the soldiers go away, and bring Genos to one hundred feet north to the main gate of Cintana. It is a black horse tied near the main gate of the palace.”
Smartly the king said, “But I cannot make all these soldiers go away.”
Jarvis replied, “All right, let twenty soldiers stay here and make the others go away.”
Jarvis had the ability to kill twenty soldiers on his own. He was so confident of that, as he had usually killed much more than that number in every battle he had fought.
“If I see one soldier on my way to where I asked you to leave Genos, I will not hesitate to kill your son, even if it costs me my life,” he added. “If any of the twenty soldiers comes within less than one hundred feet from me, I will not hesitate to kill your son even if it costs me my life.”
“And how do I know that you will not kill him once you reach your horse?” the king asked doubtfully.
“I give you a man’s word,” Jarvis replied. “But, know that I shall come back to you and this imbecile son of yours and I will not come alone next time.”
The king knew that the Prouds were honorable people who never stabbed others in the back, so he knew that Jarvis would never break his promise.
So he agreed, “All right, let one of you get his horse where he wants, and all of you go away, except twenty of you, who shall stay one hundred feet away from him and my son.”
The guards carried out the king’s orders, which were actually Jarvis’s orders. Once there were only twenty soldiers remaining one hundred feet away, Jarvis started moving slowly while holding Harlem by the chest and resting his sword against his neck. Walking backwards, he kept his eyes on the soldiers as they followed him at the same pace. He left the palace and headed towards the main gate of Cintana, then one hundred feet to the north where he found Genos, while the soldiers stayed one hundred feet away from him.
He threw Harlem to the ground and rode Genos. “I will come back to you, you imbecile coward.”
Then he took off leaving the spoiled prince trembling as he was since the beginning of Jarvis’s attack. He felt safe like a sailor surviving a storm that almost killed him. At that moment, he realized the value of life.
Jarvis was very furious because his plan failed, I shall never rest until I kill you, Harlem.





Part VIII
The Princess


Chapter Twenty-Nine


The next day after the break-in, King Matthew sat in one of the rooms of the palace on a precious red chair garnished with gold. His son, Prince Harlem sat on a similar chair, while a servant stood and poured coffee for the king repeatedly.
“We need to be more careful and tighten the guard on you and me wherever we go,” said the king. “This lad is crazy and he, or anyone from his tribe, might attempt to assassinate one or both of us.”
He paused for a while then continued, “You are my only son, Harlem, and I want you to take care of yourself.”
The son nodded as a blood-soaked white cloth was wrapped around his neck, covering the wound inflicted on him by Jarvis.
Both of them were extremely mad for what had happened as their pride was hurt.
As the father and son talked, a very beautiful woman approached. Her eyes were big as the sky and as blue as the sea. Her complexion was as white as snow. Her hair was long and as black as the night. Her lips were as pink as flowers. She was very tall with a body of a deer. She was wearing a very beautiful dress and putting a fascinating perfume.
“Good morning, Father and Harlem,” said Princess Florrie.
The king was so happy to see his daughter that he temporarily forgot his anger. “Hello, my beloved daughter. Come sit here next to me.”
She sat down on a luxurious red chair.
“How is my daughter today?” asked the father.
“I have never been better, Father,” replied the daughter.
“I was talking to your brother about what happened yesterday and the fact that we need to be more careful, particularly him,” he said.
“You are right, Father,” she replied. “You both need to be more careful, particularly Harlem.”
She paused then smiled. “Do you want the truth, though, Father?”
“And what might that be?” asked the king.
She said, “This knight is brave and strong, the way he managed to break into the palace of the strongest king of all, alone, fearlessly and come so close to achieving what he wanted. I admit that I admire him.”
Prince Harlem became as angry as he could be because of what she had said.
He said with a faint voice “What are you saying?”
“What is wrong with you?” the king asked in amazement. “Isn’t it bad enough that your brother is spoiled, and you now speak highly of our enemy? He almost killed your brother and you admire him!”
She knew that whatever she did, her father would not get mat at her. He loved her more than anybody else, as she reminded him of the love of his life, Heather. She looked exactly like her, that the king believed that Heather was reincarnated in Florrie and remained alive. He even loved her more than he loved her brother, Harlem, although he was the heir to his throne, contrary to most kings who love their viceroys more than their other children.
***
Nine years before his second war with the Prouds, King Michael of Talas Kingdom north to Widea Kingdom came to visit King Matthew. When King Michael arrived at Fitoma Palace in Cintana, King Matthew was waiting for him and welcomed him warmly.
“I give you this modest gift, great King Matthew,” said King Michael as he was pointing at boxes filled with gold, silver, and jewelry, next to many very beautiful women slaves.
Michael called Matthew a great king, as was the norm for all the kings of kingdoms near Widea who submitted to King Matthew.
King Matthew thanked him and accepted the gift.
Days after King Michael’s arrival, the two kings sat in one of the corners of the palace to talk.
During the conversation, King Michael said, “I have a request, my great King, and I am confident that you will not turn me down because we are strong allies.”
“Very well, King Michael,” King Matthew replied. “What is it?”
“I would like to ask for the hand of your precious daughter, Princess Florrie, in marriage,” King Michael said.
King Matthew sighed, as he was not happy with the other king’s request. He was even furious but tried to control himself and hide his anger from Michael as much as possible because, at the end of the day, Michael was a king and his ally.
King Matthew said, “Forgive me, King Michael, for I cannot grant you your request.”
King Michael became very angry because, as a king, he was not used to being turned down.
“Are you turning me down although I am a king?” he asked. “Are you turning your ally down?”
The two kings paused for a moment then King Matthew said, “It is not about you, believe me. You are a great king. But, my daughter is too young to get married.”
He was not telling the truth, as the real problem was not his daughter’s age, but rather King Michael himself. But King Matthew refrained from saying what he really thought, out of courtesy to the king who, at the end of the day, was his ally.
Almost one year later, King Arnold of Azis Kingdom west to Widea, another ally of King Matthew and another king who submitted to him, proposed to the princess. His request was also rejected by King Matthew.
To King Matthew, his daughter, Florrie, meant a great deal. She was the sun in his life, and other people were like planets and small asteroids, which no one could see once the sun shone. He believed that her glory was his glory, and only a man of great glory could marry her. The submissive kings of neighboring kingdoms who fell easily under his feet were not equal to him and his daughter.
After turning both kings down, all other kings became afraid of proposing to her, because the king might turn them down, let alone leaders of tribes in Widea and the surrounding areas, who were even less glorified then those kings! Therefore, no one proposed to her.
***
Princess Florrie was known for her tremendous beauty. Any man who ever saw her, fell in love with her. She was her father’s only daughter, and therefore, was more spoiled than any other woman in Widea. She used to have fun with men both strangers and those in the palace regardless of their status. Being so spoiled, she believed that world was open for her, and she could do whatever she wanted, wherever and whenever she wanted. Most of those who saw her thought that she was the most beautiful women in the universe, just as most of those who saw her mother, Heather, thought that she was the most beautiful woman in the universe. Florrie believed that she was the greatest and most beautiful woman in the whole universe. She always wanted every man who saw her to want her, and that was the way it always was as her beauty could not be resisted.
Days after the break-in, she went with her maids to the stable of Fitoma Palace to ride some horses.
The stable boy had been replaced by a handsome young man, slightly tanned. He had trimmed facial hair, and long hair falling down his face and cheeks. He started leading the horses ridden by Princess Florrie here and there, followed by her maids on horseback while the princess kept gazing at him.
When the evening came, they all returned to the stable, where the princess and her maids dismounted. The stable boy started returning the horses to their places in the stable.
The princess followed him into the stable. “Do you know what amazes me? Why would a handsome young man like you work in a stable? You are above this.”
The stable boy smiled happily. “Thank you, Your Majesty.”
“Would you like to come to the garden next to my room in the palace so we can chat?” the princess said.
His smile grew wider, unable to believe that the greatest woman in Widea and surrounding areas, was inviting him, the simple stable boy, to her room.
He nodded happily. “Yes, Your Majesty.”
She was happy for having another man admire her.





Part IX
The Advice


Chapter Thirty


Jarvis returned from his journey feeling sad and angry as he felt he had failed his father, his brother, and all of the Prouds.
As he approached the land of the Prouds, a man saw him and shouted, “Jarvis is back.”
Knights started to gather, along with their leader, to meet Jarvis. The leader was raging with anger and had been waiting impatiently, all those days, for his brother to return, so he could reproach him harshly.
When Jarvis reached them, the angry leader asked, “Where have you been, Jarvis?”
Then, Reynold asked, “Tell us the good news, Jarvis. Have you killed the lowlife?”
Many other knights started to raise their voices asking similar questions.
Jarvis dismounted from Genos. “I broke in their palace, killed a few of their soldiers, and then captured their imbecile prince. When I was about to kill him, I was surrounded by too many soldiers, so I made an agreement with his father to spare his son’s life in return for my own.”
“God, I wish you killed him,” a knight said.
Everybody started to show regret because most of them wanted revenge. Ever since they learned of Jarvis’s sudden departure and what he said to his mother and sister, they realized that he was going for revenge, although they did not know how he was going to do so.
People’s eagerness for Jarvis’s plan to succeed made Hammond angrier because it seemed like they were following Jarvis, rather than him. Therefore, he had to direct a decisive blow to Jarvis and people of the tribe to remind them that he was the true leader.
Hammond stared at Jarvis with his mad red eyes and shouted, “How could you do this after I decided not to go to war with King Matthew?”
He paused then said with a loud angry voice, “Listen, Jarvis. You must obey me or else, there is no room in the tribe for you or anyone who disobeys me. I will give you a few days, and then you must tell me whether you are going to obey me or leave the tribe.”
Then he went away.
***
While Jarvis was in his house, his friend Reynold came to him. “We are still with you, Jarvis, and most of our people will support your decision.”
“And what do you want me to do?” asked confused Jarvis.
The friend paused for a moment, and then replied, “Let us depose Hammond. This is the only solution.”
Jarvis looked angrily at his friend and shouted, “What are you saying? This will never happen. Hammond is my brother, and I would never turn against my brother, no matter what.”
Reynold said quietly, “Your brother is behaving in a wrong way, and the best interest of our people outweighs the interest of one man.”
Jarvis calmed down and started staring at the ground, thinking.
Then he said, “Let me ask the Advisor what to do and I shall let you know my decision.”
His options were difficult and confusing, that he could not keep his brother and get his revenge at the same time. He could not break into Fitoma Palace again because he had lost the element of surprise, and the king and his son must be very cautious. Therefore, he decided to consult a man whom he considered to be the wisest man in the world, the Advisor.



Chapter Thirty-One


The Advisor was one hundred and six years old when Jarvis decided to visit and consult him.
When he was a child, he lived in a small village with simple people. When he became a young man, he married a woman called Hana, who gave him two beautiful daughters.
He lived happily and felt that he was the happiest man in the world. His wife and two daughters were his whole life.
He was a kind and, at the same time, proud man, who would not let his dignity be undermined nor let anyone wrong him. He believed that one could be kind and strong at the same time, and that kindness did not necessarily mean weakness.
One day, a man called Irwin came to the village where the Advisor and his family lived. People in the village knew Irwin, as did everyone in all surrounding towns and villages. Everybody knew that he was a very dangerous strong man and a heartless criminal without conscience. They knew that he would hurt anyone who said no to him.
He started asking people of the village for a specific amount of money, namely, two golden coins from every household, which was a substantial amount for a village whose poor people worked hard to sustain themselves and their children. It would take them many months to make up for such an amount of money. Yet, all the people in the village gave in to him and paid him to avoid his mischief, except the Advisor who refused to pay.
While the Advisor was in his house, someone knocked at the door. He opened it to see Irwin, who said, “Greetings.”
The Advisor greeted him back and let him in.
Then, Irwin said, “You must have heard that I am collecting money from people in the village, which applies to you too. I want two golden coins from you just like everyone else in the village.”
The Advisor became very angry, as he would never give in to injustice and shouted, “Listen. First of all, I do not know you. Secondly, I do not pay anyone for nothing in return. So, go away now before I hurt you.”
Irwin’s self-confidence was not affected by the Advisor’s harsh words at all, as he grinned. “I am Irwin and I am sure you know very well who Irwin is.”
He paused, and then grinned wider. “The money you are going to pay me is not for nothing because if you pay, I shall not hurt you or anyone of your family.”
The Advisor stood up angrily, like a fierce wolf that was about to attack its prey, and shouted, “Listen. If you ever dare come near my family or me, I will kill you without hesitation. Go away now before I kill you.”
Irwin became enraged, as he was used to being obeyed by everybody, so how would he possibly feel when someone threatened to kill him?
He left the Advisor’s house.
Days later, a man from the village came to the Advisor and told him that Irwin was a dangerous man, who would never rest until he hurt those who disobeyed him, and that applied to the Advisor and his family. The man advised him to pay Irwin and avoid his mischief. But the Advisor remained stubborn. Eventually, it turned into a challenge between two very stubborn men, one good and the other evil.
Nearly one year and a half after the incident between the Advisor and Irwin, the Advisor went on a trip as there was something he needed to do somewhere far. He thought that trip was like the many other trips he had made before, but it was not. When he returned to his house, he found what he had never expected. He entered and walked a few steps before seeing the horrible scene.
He found his wife and two daughters killed. Their blood was found all over the house, and the word “Irwin” written on the wall with it.
At first, he froze like a statue.
He could not take in what he had seen.
But after a few seconds, he realized what had happened and started screaming like a mad man, rocking the place, “How? How can a man kill unarmed defenseless woman in cold blood? How can a man kill two innocent little girls in cold blood? Why? Why did he kill them? Have I lost my whole life for two golden coins… only two golden coins?”
Thoughts went through his mind repeatedly like water in a whirlpool. He felt great pain and sadness. He lost everything in one moment.  But there was one thing he had to do at any cost, he had to find the bastard who ruined his life, and kill him.
People of the village where he lived had not buried the bodies of his wife and two daughters because they did not want to get involved and preferred to leave it to him to do as he wished when he returned from his trip.
He approached them, filled with extreme anger. “Which way did the bastard go?”
They told him that he had headed to a nearby town. The Advisor went there immediately and asked its people about the bastard, and they told him that he had headed to another town. So he went there and asked about him. That way, he kept tracking him down in villages and towns. He kept looking and looking without giving up. He found him after more than three whole years from the day his wife and two daughters were killed. For all that long period, he kept looking relentlessly, as a leaf driven by the strong wind of hatred to the fields of revenge.
When Irwin saw the Advisor, he was terrified. They both pulled their swords and started fighting. The Advisor was much stronger because, in addition to his physical strength, he was fighting with the force of great fury and desire for revenge. After hitting each other’s sword twice, the Advisor hit Irwin’s sword hard enough to take it from Irwin’s hand.
So he fell to his knees and started begging the Advisor in a very humiliating manner. “Please, spare me. Please, forgive me. You are a noble man and a son of noble people.”
Life was so precious to Irwin, and he was willing to lose his dignity in return for it. But the fire of revenge in the Advisor’s heart was burning it like hell and would not let him forgive the murderer of his family. The Advisor attacked Irwin and stabbed him in his stomach forcefully. He kept stabbing him violently and angrily until he stabbed him eight times. Irwin had died after the third, but the Advisor would not stop because two or three stabs would not satisfy his lust for revenge.
Nevertheless, when the Advisor calmed down a while after killing Irwin, he felt remorse flooding him like seagulls flooding a beach. He started thinking that had he paid Irwin in the first place and listened to the advice of that man from his village, his family would not have been killed, and his life would not have lost its value and ended. Had two golden coins been worth getting his entire family killed? What good had his stubbornness done him? At that moment, he realized that listening to reason was better that listening to anger and force. He realized that it was sometimes better for one to lose a little in return for something bigger. He was right to refuse to pay Irwin because he had no right to take what was not his. But, at the same time, one had to make compromises, sometimes, even if he was right.
Now that he had lost everything he had ever loved, and his life had turned into hell, he decided to retreat away from people, live in the desert, and dedicate his time for contemplation. He decided to dedicate his life to give people advice and benefit them, so that they did not go through what he had to go through and be well.
With time and because people frequently consulted him and he gave them advice, they called him the “Advisor” and called the mountain to which he retreated in the desert “the Advisor’s Mountain.”
***
Jarvis headed from the Land of the Prouds to the Advisor’s Mountain east to the Land of the Prouds. Leader Addison, as a lot of people, used to refer to the Advisor frequently.
Jarvis went up the road to the mountain until he reached the top, where he found a house surrounded by a low wall. He knocked on the door, and waited for a while, until a man came out. He was a tall big man. He had long black-dyed hair falling over his chest and trimmed black-dyed facial hair. Long years had drawn a lot of wrinkles on his face. Long years and too much contemplation planted great wisdom in his heart. He was wearing a white tunic, a white cape falling behind his back and feet, and white sandals tied with laces over his heels.
He said to Jarvis, “Welcome.”
Jarvis was impressed by the Advisor’s reverence, as if he was looking at the embodiment of wisdom and knowledge.
He replied, “Greetings, Advisor.”
“I do not have magnificent food or drinks,” the Advisor said humbly. “All I have is bad coffee, which I myself make. So, forgive me, Proud.”
The Advisor was familiar with the Prouds’ style of dress, so he knew that his guest was one of them. He went in and brought a jug of coffee and a cup.
“Let’s sit here,” he said to Jarvis as he was pointing to a garden outside the house.
It was a low square construction made of two rows of bricks on the ground surrounding beautiful plants.
As the two were heading to where the Advisor pointed, Jarvis said, “I am Jarvis, son of the late leader of the Prouds, Addison. I need our advice on something.”
“I saw you when you were little when you came here with your father,” the Advisor said. “I anticipated that you will grow up to be a great man. That is why your image stuck in my memory all this time, and my intuition turned out to be correct.”
The two reached the construction.
The Advisor said, “Sit down.”
Jarvis sat down on the edge of one of the sides of the square construction. The Advisor poured coffee in the cup, gave it to Jarvis, and then sat down near him on the edge of the side connected to the one on which Jarvis was sitting.
“What do you need my advice on?” asked the Advisor.
“There was a fierce war between the king of Widea and us,” Jarvis said. “We achieved a decisive victory in the battle but they captured my brother and tortured him to death.
“When my father learned of my brother’s death and torture, he too died of sorrow. So my brother Hammond became our new leader. All our people, including myself, asked for revenge, apart from my brother, maybe with a few others, who wanted to make peace with the king.”
He sighed then continued, “Ever since I was little, I have sensed something about my brother Hammond. He has always been jealous of me ever since I was born. This is something I can forgive but I can never forgive the killing of my father and brother.”
Wisdom can be achieved by two ways, contemplation, and experience. The more one reflects on life, the closer he gets to make the right reasonable choices, and the more wisdom he gains. And the more things one experiences, the more wisdom he gains regarding his experiences. The Advisor had gone through both those ways. The old man spent a long time, decades, in isolation, dedicated for contemplation. In addition, his experience and what he went through in his life were so thorough and painful and taught him a lot.
The Advisor helped people make the right, reasonable choice, and encouraged them when they hesitated, so that they live peacefully. Man, by nature, loves what is good, but there are always voices telling him to give up on what is good, portraying it as weakness and defeat. Therefore, The Advisor did not only give advice on doing good, but also explained to people in detail why they needed to choose what was good, so that they believed in it and felt comfortable while doing so.
The Advisor thought for a while then said calmly, “People have always appreciated and glorified brotherhood. They even call close friends and those involved in tight relationships, brothers, which is an indication of how close brothers are. Brotherhood is a divine bond with which God combines two or more people. Being someone’s brother is a strong reason to love, care for, and defend that person.
“There is a difference between human natural disposition and the way most people are. The natural disposition of human beings is to be good, but many, if not most people are evil. This, to a certain degree, applies to the relationship between brothers. Human natural disposition dictates that one loves his brother and favors him to himself. If one needs help to achieve what is good for him, his brothers, in natural circumstances, will be the first persons he resorts to, to achieve it. Yet, most people act contrary to this disposition.
“If you ask most people who their family is, most people would say that they are those who are related to them by blood and kinship.
“But if you ask me who my family is, I would say that they are those whom you keep in touch with, no matter how bad they may be. Family members are more capable of making a man happy than anyone else. Yet, they can also make him miserable. The harshest ugliest blows are those inflicted by family members and brothers!
“If a man with whom you trade or work for harms you, you would end such trade and quit such a job.
“But if your brother, who shares most things with you including your father, mother, siblings, relatives, house, and inheritance and may even share your looks, hurts you, you could not end your relationship with him easily.
“If a distant person harms you, returning the harm would not hurt you. But if a relative harms you, it would be very difficult to return the harm, and you would think a thousand times before you do so.
“In general, a friend is better than a brother although many people might find it hard to accept and admit this. That is because one chooses his friend willingly, whereas a brother is determined by God, whether one likes him or not. One would not accept someone else’s friendship if it did not please him, which makes the two sides compatible and increases the chances for finding happiness in the relationship. Whereas one may hate his brother, and there are no guarantees he will love him. Therefore, it is possible for evil and harm to result from their relationship. Furthermore, if one discovers later that a friend is not what he claims to be and turns out to wish his friend evil, or if his friend changes and starts to hate him, it is possible to end the relationship and avoid his evil and harm. But he cannot do so with his brother. What is greater than friendship and brotherhood is their combination, when brothers are real best friends, when the advantages of both brotherhood and friendship are combined, and the relationship is really deep and strong. Those who have this wonderful unique experience are so lucky.”
Moving his hands, he added, “As for your brother’s jealousy of you, it is very common between brothers. A man does not feel jealous of a king, maybe envious, but not jealous, although he is most probably more successful and happier than him because he can justify such success and happiness saying that said king was born a king in a palace with a golden spoon in his mouth, and with everyone fearing him and seeking to please him.
“Yet, a man often feels jealous of his brother, if that brother is more successful and happier than he is because he cannot justify such success and happiness. As said brother was born in the same house he was born in and shares the same parents, amount of money, and most living conditions.”
He scratched his cheek with his hand and continued, “I believe your tolerance of your brother’s jealousy is a good thing so long as it does not lead to serious harm.”
It did not take him long to come up with the answer, as he had already reflected on the issue of jealousy between people, especially brothers, just like dozens of other issues, which he had reflected on countless times until many ready words of wisdom on these issues became deeply rooted in his mind. Therefore, he said his opinion in a direct, clear, and organized manner.
He paused again then added, while scratching his forehead with his left hand, “As for your war with that king, which is the most important issue, I shall tell you about the consequences of each option.
“You have two options. You can either avenge your brother and father or obey your other brother.
“If you choose the first option, you will sleep well for the rest of your life with glory protecting you from any humiliation. But you must understand that you will lose your brother, and both of you will, most likely, fight until one of you kills the other, and you will blame yourself every moment for the rest of your life for killing your brother with your own hands.
“If you choose the other option, you will win your brother and prevent sedition. Yet, you need to understand that you will lose your father and other brother and spend the rest of your life burning in the fire of humiliation and submission, blaming yourself every moment for the rest of your life for not avenging their killing.”
Putting his right hand on his chin, he added, “You have to choose, Jarvis, either to lose your brother or your father and other brother. You could not have it both ways and you have to be honest with yourself.”
Then, like an arrow hitting Jarvis’s mind, he continued, “But remember that your brother is alive and your father and other brother are dead, and the living ones are more important than the dead ones. Remember this well, Jarvis.”
“Think well before you choose,” he added patting on Jarvis’s shoulder.
Then he stood up and walked to his house.

Chapter Thirty-Two


In the living room of his house, Jarvis sat down thinking, with the Advisor’s words blowing like wind from one direction and Reynold’s words blowing from the other. He did not know in which direction to go. For a long time, he kept changing positions while thinking, then he went to his bed, lay down, and kept thinking all night. He stayed that way doing nothing, not even eating, sleeping, or leaving the house.
That continued for days until he reached a solution for the dilemma. He remembered the Advisor’s words, “The living ones are more important than the dead ones.”
Indeed, the living ones are more important than the dead ones. If I lose Hammond, I will end up losing three of the people I love the most even if I avenge my father and brother, he thought.
Sometimes, one has to sacrifice really precious things for the sake of things which are more precious. Unfortunately, what Jarvis had to sacrifice was so precious. He had to sacrifice what the Prouds had sacrificed their lives for, for centuries, which was dignity. He did all that just for his brother Hammond.
***
The next morning, Jarvis went to the leader’s house, entered the house frowning, and stood facing his brother.
“Have you thought well, Jarvis?” asked the leader frowning, too.
Then he continued, “Relieve me, and tell me that you have chosen the wise option.”
Jarvis looked at his brother, with a frowning, frustrated look on his face while despair rested in his eyes.
Jarvis said with a low voice, unable to believe what things had got to, “I shall do as you wish.”
Then a smile erased the grin from Hammond’s face. He extended his arms and hugged Jarvis tightly while Jarvis maintained his frustrated motionless posture because he had just become a citizen of the kingdom of humiliation. Accepting peace was like drinking poison, which started killing him from inside.
He became like a lion that could not roar, he was strong and had claws and fangs, but he could not roar although his powerful voice was intact because he wanted to please his brother.
Then Hammond stepped back and said with a smile, “This is the way I want you to be, Jarvis, wise, reasonable, obeying your big brother, and avoiding unjustified sedition.”
Hammond was very happy because he had finally won. The whole tribe would obey the peace decision although they all wanted revenge, just because it was his decision.


Part X
The Present


Chapter Thirty-Three


Leader Hammond led a delegation of the Prouds tribe, comprising senior knights such as Jarvis, Milton, and Reynold, to Cintana. They had changed their black mourning clothes with their famous white clothes.
Most members of the delegation were angry because they did not want to make peace with the king nor visit him. Contrary to their leader, Hammond, and his friend, Milton, were very happy for the success of their scheme.
As they reached Fitoma Palace, they found the king and his son, Prince Harlem, with a long scar on his neck, as well as senior figures of the kingdom. For the first time, Jarvis was entering Fitoma Palace with peace for its residents, the same palace he entered one day to fight its residents.
Members of the delegation were amazed by the palace’s beauty and luxury, as they were desert people, who lived a harsh life and were not used to such bliss and beauty.
“Welcome, Leader Hammond and all the Prouds,” said the king smiling.
“Greetings, Our King Matthew,” the leader replied smiling. “Your soldiers and Widea’s soldiers, the Prouds, have come to you.”
Most of the members of the delegation frowned when they heard that.
After that, everybody headed to the largest hall in the palace.
The king asked, “Your visit means that we have forgotten what happened between us. Isn’t that right?”
“Of course, My Lord,” confirmed Leader Hammond. “We have started a new day and those days are gone forever.”
“I would like to hear what your brother Jarvis thinks of this,” said the king.
He wanted to confirm to everybody that peace had been achieved completely, by stressing that the main opponent to peace, Jarvis, had agreed to it.
Hammond, along with everybody else, looked at Jarvis, who said in a calm slightly angry voice, “When you are in a delegation, you follow the opinion of the head of said delegation.”
Jarvis wanted to send a hidden message to the king saying that he had come unwillingly.
The king joked, “I have learned that you are a tough fighter, but I did not know that you are eloquent as well.”
The king, along with everybody else in the hall, laughed, except Jarvis, most of the Prouds, and the wounded prince.
Jarvis did not like the king’s joke. He felt that, as time went by with him treating the king and his companions with courtesy, he was drowning deeper in a deep lake. What hurt him the most was the fact that he was not resisting or trying to save himself while drowning.
The prince, too, hated the Prouds’ delegation. He considered them savages. Moreover, that scar on his neck kept burning and reminding him of what had happened.
The delegation sat in the hall talking to the king and senior figures of his kingdom. After some time, its members went to the rooms prepared for them. It was an awkward scene, as the hall combined those who approved peace and those who did not, as if they were rivers going into opposing paths.
***
The Prouds arrived at their rooms. When Milton arrived at his, he was astonished by its beauty and furniture. It was a very big room. Its floor and walls were made of expensive materials, its ceiling was decorated very beautifully, and its furniture was very luxurious, as edges of chairs, tables, and the bed were plated with gold. In addition, the Prouds, including him, had servants assigned to carry out their orders and requests.
He was living like kings and enjoying wealth, women, palaces, and best food and drink. Finally, His dream had come true after isolation, rejection, and accusations of betrayal by his people, which he had always suffered from. What made him even happier was that he did what, to him, was best for his people, as they had become the king’s allies and thus, the most invincible people in the kingdom. They were enjoying wealth, women, and all sorts of happiness.
Contrary to Milton, Jarvis was not at all affected neither by the luxury, and beauty of Fitoma Palace, nor by the beautiful sorts of entertainment it contained.

Chapter Thirty-Four


The next morning, the king was having breakfast with his son and daughter in a corner of one of the gardens of the palace.
They talked until the king said, “Florrie.”
“What, Father?” she asked.
He replied, “I have made a decision and I want to know what you think.”
“What is it, Father?” she asked.
He replied, “I want you to marry Leader Hammond or his brother Jarvis.”
The princess smiled with extreme joy.
While the scarred prince shouted angrily, “How can you let my sister marry one of these savages?”
The father shouted angrily, “Do not interfere with something that does not concern you.”
The prince looked shyly to the ground, getting angrier because his father reproached him, which had rarely ever happened, and that happened because of those who wounded him in the neck and almost killed him.
The king continued, “These are strong invincible people who, by joining my kingdom, will enhance its strength and invincibility.
“I want to win them by any means possible, and here I am consulting your sister before enforcing my decision. Look how happy she is.”
He wanted to give the Prouds a present, which was his daughter, Princess Florrie for two reasons. As he mentioned, he wanted to win them to his side to strengthen his kingdom. Moreover, he believed they were the only ones entitled to marry his daughter.
The selection of a life partner is based on one’s view of himself and on his self-esteem. So, if one believes that he is great, he will choose a partner who is exactly or almost as great. That was why Florrie wanted to marry Jarvis at any cost, as she believed she was the greatest women in the whole of Widea, and Jarvis was the greatest man in Widea after her father.
***
The king invited Leader Hammond to where he was sitting.
When the leader arrived and they were alone, the king said, “Leader, you are invincible strong people. If you join my kingdom, you would enhance its invincibility and strength. There is no one better than you to become my in-laws.”
He had a sip from his cup of coffee then continued, “I want to give my only daughter, Princess Florrie, in marriage to either you or your brother, so what do you say?”
The leader could not believe what he had heard and was very happy. He had heard Princess was the most beautiful in the world. Also, getting closer to the king would increase the Prouds invincibility.
He smiled happily. “This is an honor for me, My Lord. Let me think and decide who will have the honor of marrying your noble daughter, the princess, and I shall let you know soon who it will be.”
The moment he heard the king’s proposal, he decided that it was he who would marry Florrie because he was the leader, because he was older than Jarvis, and because it was he who decided to make peace with the king and the king’s proposal was the result of that decision.
He had already heard about Princess Florrie’s bad reputation, and that she flirted with men but he did not care. Because he was convinced that it was all lies by people who envied the great king and his daughter. Although he had immediately decided, that it was him who would marry the princess, he said that he needed to think, in order to maintain his and his people’s dignity, which he had already undermined.
***
Reynold went to Jarvis’s room to talk to him.
“I want to tell you something I heard Hammond and Milton talking about,” said Reynold.
“What is it?” asked Jarvis.
Reynold Replied, “King Matthew has made Hammond an offer to either let him or you marry his daughter Princess Florrie.”
Jarvis frowned as that could never happen after the king and his son did what they did to them.
“And how did my brother reply?” he asked.
“He asked for some time to decide whether it is going to be him or you who will marry her,” Reynold replied.
He paused for a while then said with amazement, “There is something strange. You sound like you knew nothing about it. Hasn’t Hammond told you?”
“That is right, he hasn’t told me,” replied Jarvis.
“You need to know, Jarvis, that Princess Florrie is the most beautiful woman in the whole of Widea,” Reynold said. “There are even stories saying that she is the most beautiful woman in the world, and no matter how much beauty you think you have seen, Princess Florrie is even more beautiful. In addition, do not forget that she combines beauty with great descent.
“But, you also need to know that she has a bad reputation. They say that she invites men both from within and outside the palace to her room to chat all night, and only God knows what goes on between them.”
“This does not concern me,” Jarvis said carelessly. “Whether she is the most beautiful or ugliest, purest or vilest woman, I will never marry the sister and daughter of the men who killed my father and brother.”
***
As Jarvis was sitting on the long huge bed in his room with his back to the door, he heard footsteps approaching him slowly. He turned around slowly and saw a beauty that he had never seen or imagined before. He was fascinated by such tremendous beauty and opened his eyes widely.
Then, he turned his face away quickly, “How can I help you?”
With his great intelligence, he knew that it was Princess Florrie because according to Reynold’s description of her beauty, it had to be her.
When the Princess saw Jarvis’s face when he looked at her, she noticed how handsome he was and liked him even more after admiring his courage and strength.
“Is this how you welcome your guests?” she asked.
“You are not my guest,” he replied harshly. “This place is not my house, and I do not know you.”
“You must have recognized me when you saw me as people everywhere talk about me,” she said.
Judging by the way she talked, he immediately knew that she was arrogant and did not deserve respect, according to him.
So he smiled cynically as he sat on his bed with his back to her. “Once again, I am telling you that I do not know you and I repeat my question, how can I help you?”
She said, “My father, great King Matthew, has offered your brother to let either you or him marry me… and I chose you.”
He stood up and shouted angrily, “Listen, woman. I do not like prattling. I will not marry a woman whose brother and father killed my father and brother.”
She was offended, so she shouted, “How dare you talk to me like this?”
He turned around and said angrily, “Get out of here before I make a scene.”
It was the first time a man rejected the great princess, and what a rejection it was! One full of cruelty and insolence. A rejection full of Jarvis’s confidence that he did not want to even look at her. She felt great regret for lowering herself to a lowlife, according to her, while she was the great princess. She felt that dying was better than being reproached by that savage man. His words were like slaps to her arrogance.
“I promise you will regret all of this,” said the angry princess with confidence.
She started thinking of how to retaliate against him. She was not going to tell her father because he would not approve the way she entered Jarvis’s room alone and tried to hit on him, which was very unfit for a noble decent woman. Therefore, she decided to retaliate on her own, when she got the opportunity.
“Do whatever you can,” replied Jarvis.
She stared at him with her beautiful big eyes wide open, then turned around and left the room in a hurry, I swear, you will regret this. I swear.
***
After being rejected so insolently by Jarvis, Florrie started reconsidering whether to approve to marry Hammond or not. She knew that she had to think fast and well in order to reach a good conclusion. .
Hammond’s disadvantages included the fact that he lived a difficult life in the desert that was far from the joyful life she had been used to, ever since she was a baby.  Besides, the Prouds had fought a horrible war with her father, and Hammond’s family definitely hated her and wished her evil. Although that applied to Jarvis also, he possessed many advantages that Hammond did not, which would make her accept Jarvis.
Yet, Hammond had many advantages. Everybody considered the Prouds to be the most invincible tribe. She thought that she was the best and that she must get married to the best.
Hammond was her only option as Jarvis and he were the only ones approved by her father to marry her. Kings were too scared to propose to her as her father had already rejected two of them. Furthermore, some of them would not propose to her because of her bad reputation of flirting with men.
It was true that Hammond was not like Jarvis, but Jarvis was one in a million, and it was difficult to find someone like him among kings and princes and, at the end of the day, Hammond was a better man than those kings and princes.
Besides, how could she possibly justify her refusal to her father, if she did refuse, after having already approved his suggestion of letting either Hammond or his brother marry her? Her father had already talked to Hammond about it, and it was difficult for him to take it back.
There was another reason for her approval, which was her wish to stay near Jarvis, who was the only man she really liked.
She concluded that Hammond had much more advantages than disadvantages and therefore, she decided to agree to marry him.

Chapter Thirty-Five


In the evening, the king sent for Jarvis. Jarvis answered the call unwillingly and went with the messenger to a corner in the yard of the palace, where the king sat on a majestic huge chair surrounded by trees, palm trees, flowers, and plenty of beautiful plants against a table full of many delicious fruits, desserts, and drinks. That was right where the king and Milton had once sat because the king was trying to buy Jarvis the way he had once bought Milton.
Next to him was another majestic huge chair.
The king pointed to the other chair. “Sit here, Jarvis.”
Jarvis sat angrily.
“How are you, Jarvis?” the king said.
Jarvis shook his head without replying. The king was surprised and feared that the rest of the conversation would be like that.
“Eat and drink as you desire,” the king said.
“I do not want to eat or drink,” Jarvis said very angrily.
“What do you want from me?” he added.
The king was amazed by his temper. “My son Harlem is weak, and you have killed Hector.
“I need a great commander for my army. Now that we are allies, there is no one better than you to lead my army. You will get all the wealth and women you want.”
He did not offer to let Hammond lead the army because, deep inside, he knew that Hammond was not fit for the job in contrast to Jarvis.
“Do you think you can tempt me with fruit?” Jarvis said harshly.
Then, he added even more harshly, “What you want is never going to happen. You need to know that I only came here and participated in the delegation out of mere pretense and courtesy for my brother.”
Then, he added, pointing at the king with his finger, “Be aware that I shall never submit to you, nor shake hands with the man who killed my father and brother.”
He stood up from the chair and walked away with great speed and anger.
What is this creature made of, so that he behaves this way? thought the king.
The king thought that anyone could be bought with wealth, women, and status, especially a savage nomad from the desert, who lived a difficult harsh life, deprived of enjoyable things. But it seemed like his extensive experience, which he gained over the years, had let him down. He did not realize that men were different, just like metals, which could be either beautiful precious metals which never rust, such as gold, or cheap metals which rust with time, such as iron.
***
The king met with Leader Hammond in the largest hall of Fitoma Palace. The leader was obviously happy, while the king was still angry for Jarvis’s behavior when he offered to let him lead the army.
The two men talked for a while, until Hammond said, “My Lord, I have discussed the issue of your honorable daughter, Princess Florrie, with my brother, Jarvis, and decided that I should marry her.”
He continued, “It is a great honor, My Lord, and I hope I can live up to it.”
“Congratulations, Leader,” the king said.
***
The Prouds who were in the palace gathered upon the orders of their leader in one of the corners of the palace.
“People, pack your luggage as we are leaving tomorrow,” said the leader happily.
Then he looked at his brother. “Aren’t you going to congratulate me, Jarvis?”
“What for?” asked Jarvis.
“I am going to marry Princess Florrie, daughter of King Matthew,” Hammond replied.
Jarvis frowned. “But...” and he quickly controlled himself and said, frowning as his color turned pale. “Congratulations, my brother.”
The Prouds, though shocked, started congratulating their leader despite the fact that they hated that marriage.
Jarvis could not believe what he had heard. How can Hammond get so low? Is it not enough to make peace with the king who killed his father and brother? How can he marry his daughter?
Jarvis was very angry as he remembered how she came offering herself to him in privacy in a manner unfit for a decent woman. But, he decided not to tell Hammond about it because he did not want Hammond to think that he wanted everything for himself and was only trying to stand in the way of anything that could make Hammond happy. He believed that was the way Hammond had always thought and therefore, decided to stay silent.







Part XI
The Sedition


Chapter Thirty-Six


The Prouds’ delegation to King Matthew returned to the land of the Prouds tribe, only they were not alone. They were accompanied by a luxurious camel litter, as well as servants and guards not from the Prouds.
As they approached the land of the Prouds, the Prouds went out to meet the returning ones.
When they entered their land, Leader Hammond dismounted from his horse.
One of the welcoming men asked him, “Who is in that camel litter? And who are all those people, My Leader?”
“I have married Princess Florrie, daughter of King Matthew, and she is in the camel litter,” the leader answered smiling. “These are her servants and guards from Widea.”
He paused and so did the others, who started staring at one another and at the ground in amazement.
Hammond was amazed. “Aren’t you going to congratulate me, people?”
The Small One approached him and said with a wide smile on his face, “Congratulations, Leader.”
The Small One’s main priority was not his people’s interest, wounds, or pain, but rather becoming as close to Hammond as possible. Maybe one day his status would become higher than that of Jarvis, and he could retaliate against him.
People started congratulating Hammond with angry frowning faces, although they hated that marriage. The princess was watching from her camel litter with amazement and anger because people were not happy for their leader’s marriage to her.
After they finished, the leader led the camel carrying the litter, to his house followed by the servants and guards from Widea.
The leader was very sad because his people were not happy for him. He acted as if he had done nothing wrong.
When they arrived at his house, the leader said to his wife in a very respectful manner, “We have arrived, Your Majesty.”
The camel kneeled down and Hammond helped his angry lady dismount, and then said to her in a submissive manner, “This is our house, your house, Your Majesty.”
She nodded very slightly as if she was a statue.
“Soldiers, we are home now, and the princess is safe,” he said. “There is no need for you to stay in our land. Stay here a few days to rest, then go back and tell the king that we will protect our lady with our eyes.”
The leader wanted to demonstrate some of the Prouds’ dignity to his people, hoping he would please them a little.
Jarvis and the rest of the people were very upset because the soldiers of the king had entered their homeland.
The soldiers’ commander nodded, and the soldiers started moving away to where they would have some rest. While the princess, followed by the leader and servants, entered her house.
Hammond showed her around the house and its rooms.
Then he called with a loud voice, “Melanie.”
An average over thirty-year-old brunette woman, with black hair came looking shyly at the floor.
The leader said, “Melanie, say hello to my wife, your lady, Princess Florrie, daughter of King Matthew.”
“Welcome, Your Majesty,” Melanie said with a low shy voice.
The princess looked at her with her sharp beautiful eyes without reply because she could not notice people like Melanie, who lived deep down in the valley next to the very high mountain of the princess.
“Your Majesty, this is Melanie, the best maid in this house and the one in charge of all servants,” Hammond said. “Despite her young age, I find her the best of all servants as she blindly carries out anything she is asked to do and never disobeys an order.”
Then, he looked at Melanie as he was still smiling happily. “Go get the rest of the servants to introduce them to their lady.”
She nodded and went off to do as her master told her.
***
The next day, Jarvis went to visit his brother, the leader in his house.
Hammond was sitting with his wife in their bedroom as he heard a knock on the door.
“Who might it be?” she asked.
“It must be Jarvis,” he replied.
He went out while his wife followed him slowly.
He opened the door to find out that he was right. He greeted his brother warmly.
“Welcome,” said the leader.
His brother followed him slowly. Suddenly, he came across Florrie on his way to the sitting room. She stood still looking at him with her fascinating big eyes waiting for him to say hello but he passed by without paying any attention to her.
She stared at him as he passed by, breathing faster like quick smoke coming out of burning fire while her eyes moved here and there, You will pay dearly, you arrogant. I must find a way to make you pay.
***
It had been a long time since Princess Florrie came to the land of the Prouds. She was feeling very bored in her house because she was used to the life of luxury she had in palaces where she lived a life more luxurious than people could imagine, and suddenly, she found herself living a harsh life of poverty.
But she often broke that feeling of boredom by watching Jarvis. As every time her husband went out in the morning, she would sit by one of the glass windows in the living room of her house watching Jarvis to know when he went out, when he came back, and what he did. She knew that his people loved him very much and he loved them back. That scene when he was joking with one of the Prouds at the door of his house, when the two started to fight and hit each other jokingly, was stuck in her head.
Her admiration for him was like a sun, which could not be completely covered by the clouds of hatred. That sun shone more each day. It was not love for him, but rather the love of possessiveness. He, to her, was a wild horse that needed to be tamed at any cost.
One morning, Hammond was sitting on the bed in his bedroom putting his shoes on after wearing his clothes. He was feeling as happy and joyful as he had always felt ever since he married the princess.
The princess said, sitting on the opposite side of the bed back to back with him, “There is something I need to talk to you about.”
“What is it?” asked the husband.
“It is true that I am a woman, and women mostly do not understand matters of ruling,” the wife replied. “But I am the daughter of a king and I know how a leader should treat those around him. You are the leader of these people.”
He dropped the shoe and listened more carefully to her, realizing she was about to say something serious.
She continued, in an attempt to poison his mind, “Your brother is younger than you and he is not a leader. You are older than him and you are the leader. Yet, he acts as if he is the leader. In addition, he is more popular than you.”
He was very upset by what he had just heard, and it was obvious on his face.
She paused then continued, “You need to set limits for his power and show him his real position.”
She unleashed the eagles of her revenge from Jarvis by trying to create dispute between him and his brother and drive them apart. During her stay with the Prouds, which was very short, she sensed that Hammond was jealous from his brother. She was very smart and able to understand hidden emotions quickly. Therefore, she tried to increase his jealousy and add fuel to the fire.
The leader frowned and sighed.
Then he said with an angry voice, “Please, Florrie, Jarvis is my brother, and I do not want you to raise this subject ever again.”
He put on his shoes and left the house like a volcano while his wife watched him through the window.
***
Raelene came to visit her brother’s house, sat down with the princess. The two started talking.
Raelene said, “Princess, you have been married for a long time.”
The bored princess said, “So?”
“Why can’t you act like one of us, the Prouds?” Raelene replied. “You are alone all the time and you never visit us or share our happiness and sadness with us. You are the wife of my brother, the leader of the Prouds and must, therefore, be one of us.”
The princess laughed cynically, and then the smile was replaced by anger as she looked at her sister in law with her big eyes wide open and her facial expression filled with harshness.
“I am a princess and a daughter of a king,” she said firmly. “My family is the king’s family, and a group of savages will not, as long as I shall live, be my family. I do not like this life of camels you are living. You and everyone else need to understand this. I will stay the way I am, whether you like it or not.”
Raelene who was already angry because her brother married the daughter of the king became even angrier.
Nevertheless, she did not reply to the princess as she wanted to keep the harmony her family had always lived in.


Chapter Thirty-Seven


Leader Addison and his sons used to go on hunting trips and take one or more of the Prouds with them. But since the war with Cintana they stopped doing so. Nevertheless, Leader Hammond wanted to revive that tradition and went to Milton’s house one morning.
“How about going on a hunting trip today?” the leader asked.
The friend agreed. “Why not?”
“But, I want Jarvis to go with us,” said the leader.
With his usual intelligence the friend said, “It seems that the purpose of this trip is for you and Jarvis to go together.”
The leader agreed. “Exactly. I want to share something with him now, that he accepted peace and prevented sedition. I want to bring him closer after the conflict that was between us.”
The two men headed to Jarvis on horseback.
When they reached his house, Hammond called loudly, “Jarvis.”
Jarvis came out of his house. “Hello, brother.”
“Hello. We are going on a hunting trip like we used to do in our father’s time,” said Hammond.
Jarvis frowned because he remembered his father.
The leader added, “Come with us, Jarvis.”
Jarvis’s frowning face was replaced with happiness because his brother invited him to a hunting trip, which proved that he held no grudges against him and loved him.
Jarvis replied, “Very well. I will go fetch my bow and arrows and come back.”
As the three men were about to leave, the Small One saw them.
“Are going for hunting?” he asked.
“Yes,” Milton replied.
“Can I go with you, Leader?” the Small One asked again.
“Sure,” the leader replied.
The Small One went to get his bow and arrows. They all headed to their destination. The Small One wanted to go because he realized that it was his chance to prove that he was better than Jarvis. Because hunting depended on archery, which was the only thing he was better at than Jarvis.
They reached a place known for having many beasts. They started hunting here and there. The Small One caught the largest number of beasts. He caught them all from the first shot and never missed a target.
Jarvis, on the other hand, did not catch anything and kept looking until he saw a deer running quickly. He rushed behind it on the back of Genos, grabbed his bow, and threw an arrow in its direction. But he missed it. He tried again and missed. He tried a third time, but missed again as the deer ran as quickly as lightning. Finally, a fourth arrow hit the fast deer in the neck, only it was not Jarvis who threw it.
He turned around in surprise to see who threw that arrow. It turned out to be the Small One, as he was watching Jarvis waiting for him to miss any target, so that he could hunt it and prove to Jarvis that he was better than him.
The Small One grinned, approached Jarvis on his horse, and said with extreme malice, “Your archery skills are like my grandmother’s.”
He made sure he exaggerated in order to hurt Jarvis as much as possible.
Jarvis frowned.
The Small One laughed cynically. “I hunted with a single shot what you could not hunt with three. You have to admit that I am better than you at this, and that it would take you centuries to be as good, or even half as good, at archery, as I am.”
His malicious grin increased.
Jarvis’s frown was replaced by a confident smile. “That is true. I am not good at archery and I do not need it. Because it does not help much in a war, as once armies engage, you need your sword and not your bow.
“Women can shoot arrows from a distance but they are too scared to go near strong men and fight them with swords.”
The Small One became angry and started breathing deeply.
Jarvis continued, “If you are a better archer than I am, which one of us is better with the sword? What good did your archery skills do you when I made you bleed in your own house yard?”
He continued with a harsh voice, “And it seems like I am going to do it again if you do not stay away from me.”
The Small One became angrier and started breathing faster with his eyes wide open and sparks coming out of them.
Jarvis went away slowly.
He wanted what was best for all his people without exception but he was an invincible strong man who would not tolerate injustice, and the Small One hated him although he had never offended him.


Chapter Thirty-Eight


While he was walking in the land of the Prouds, Jarvis passed by the house of Alan and saw a very beautiful, very fair, redheaded, green-eyed woman. She was Abigail, Alan’s daughter.
Fascinated by her beauty, the man stood still like a rock and started staring at her boldly with his heart beating fast like a waterfall. The woman noticed him and looked at the ground shyly, then looked at him again to find that he was still staring at her. She looked at the ground again then looked at him, and he was still staring at her, so she went quickly and shyly inside her house.
He kept thinking of what he had seen for days experiencing something he had never felt before. He felt that he was attached to that woman, he longed to see her all the time, and he felt continuous pain for her absence. Thoughts, feelings, longing, and pain… it must be love. Her love broke into his heart as quickly as a horse running in the desert. When he realized that, he rushed to his brother, and told him that he loves Alan’s daughter, whose name he had not known yet.
He loved her tremendous beauty and knew how kind-hearted and well-behaved she was. One cannot be certain about these things, someone else’s kindness and ethics, unless he speaks to him and deals with him. Yet, there is hunch, which enables one to expect someone else’s traits even without talking to him.
A few days later, the wedding of Jarvis and Abigail took place. Jarvis went to Alan’s house and took her from there in a camel litter to his house, followed by a great procession, in which all the men of the Prouds were happy.
When he arrived to his house, he helped his wife dismount and was congratulated by his brother followed by the Prouds, who were all laughing and smiling. While Princess Florrie watched from the glass window with jealousy eating her heart as she stared at Abigail with her big eyes. She did not even go to the women’s gathering in Jarvis’s house. That jealousy from the girl resulted from the fact that Jarvis, who rejected her chose that girl willingly, which meant that he preferred her to Florrie.
Therefore, Florrie became very angry and started comparing that girl to herself. Although each comparison she made resulted to be in her favor, being a princess and the most beautiful woman, while that girl was a savage and not as beautiful, she kept repeating the comparison.
She kept thinking, I am much more beautiful than she is… everything about me is better than her… my descent, wealth, and high status. So why would he prefer her to me?
***
The next morning, while Princess Florrie was in the living room in her house, the leader came, after waking up.
“Good morning, Florrie,” he said.
Then he sat down.
She did not reply and remained silent with anger apparent on her face.
“What is wrong, Florrie?” he asked, wondering what made her so angry while the whole tribe was very happy.
“Why didn’t you go to Jarvis’s house with the rest of the women, yesterday?” he asked.
“I was ill,” she replied.
“Why are you angry?” he asked.
She looked at him angrily. “Why didn’t they celebrate our wedding the way they did with this one?”
The man was taken off guard by that question and did not know how to answer it, so he thought for a while then he said, “They did not know about our wedding and were surprised by your arrival with me. That is why their joy was not so apparent although they felt it in their hearts.”
That was the only thing he could come up with. He knew well that his people did not approve his marriage to King Matthew’s daughter.
“Say something else to convince me,” she said angrily. “They did not celebrate our wedding because they cannot stand me or my father.”
Then she shouted, “I do not understand what kind of a leader is not respected nor valued by his people. If they do not feel happy for your wedding willingly, you have to make them. But your people seem to have another leader, who even seems to be the only leader.”
She left her seat while he remained sitting silently astonished by what she said. Her anger became too huge to hide, and she had to bring it up with her husband. She wanted with all of her power to retaliate against Jarvis. Hammond was very upset by what she said although he believed what she said to be true.
***
Days after their marriage, Jarvis and Abigail sat in their bedroom with their extreme joy and the lamp lighting the darkness of the night.
“I will keep you in my eyes as long as I shall live, Abigail,” said the happy husband. “In the last few days I have experienced a joy that I have never experienced in my whole life.”
He paused for a moment then continued, “I want you to become part of my family. I want them to feel that you are one of them, who was born between them and has been living among them all these years. Because my family and you are the most precious people in my life.”
The woman smiled and nodded, so the man smiled too.
But his smile disappeared quickly. “But I want you to be aware of Florrie, my brother’s wife. She is mean and wishes my family evil, particularly me, and you and I are one, so she definitely wishes you evil too.”
“How do you know this?” she asked innocently.
“I know this my own way,” he replied.
He knew that Florrie meant what she said when she threatened to retaliate against him in Fitoma Palace and that she was keen on carrying out her threat.
***
The leader made a feast celebrating his brother’s marriage. Men gathered in Leader Addison’s house and women in Leader Hammond’s.
Princess Florrie, Abigail, and many other women sat while Raelene was preparing food with the help of other women from the Prouds, as well as servants.
Princess Florrie looked at Abigail and said harshly, “Go work with them.”
Jarvis was right when he believed that Florrie wanted to retaliate against Abigail. She did not wait for long, and wanted to hit Abigail with a loud blow at the earliest chance.
Abigail replied more harshly, “Why don’t you do so yourself?”
The princess became angry. There was no room for hidden messages any more, and she had to send cruel, explicit ones.
The princess said, “I am a princess, a daughter of a king, and a wife of a leader, not some Bedouin who knows nothing about life.”
Abigail replied with confidence, “And I am a bride in my people, and everybody loves me, not a stranger who nobody can stand. If you are a princess in your people, I am a princess in mine.”
Raelene smiled when she heard that as she was passing by, while Florrie became angrier and sighed after hearing what she heard.



Chapter Thirty-Nine


Leader Hammond intended to visit the neighboring tribe of Akams to see its leader, so he went in the early morning to his brother Jarvis’s house, called him, and greeted him.
He said, “Jarvis, I am going to the tribe of Akams and leaving you in my place until I come back.”
“So be it, Brother. May you get there safely,” said Jarvis.
The leader left to Akams tribe.
He always wanted to reward Jarvis for obeying him. Moreover, he wanted to win the strongest knight and the most influential man in the tribe to his side.
***
After the leader’s departure, Florrie started watching Jarvis all the time from her glass window. She continued watching, plotting something secretly.
Ever since she saw Jarvis for the first time, she had never stopped thinking of him. Hatred for him and jealousy from Abigail reached the utmost in Florrie’s heart, and she had to do something to prove to Jarvis that he wanted her. Therefore, she planned something in order to feel relieved.
One morning, she saw Jarvis passing by her house and knew that it was the best time to carry out her plan, so she put on her most beautiful dress, which was a beautiful red and white dress, put on her makeup, and wore her nicest perfume, then called her maid, Melanie.
“Go and call Jarvis,” she said. “I need him to do something for me, and if he asks you why I did not go to him, tell him that I am ill.”
Melanie nodded without arguing although she knew that her lady was up to something, as she was not really ill. Besides, why would she wear her most beautiful dress and put on makeup? But that was Melanie’s personality. She obeyed without questioning even if it resulted in evil.
As Florrie was sitting to her mirror putting on her makeup, Melanie went out to Jarvis.
She said, “My Lord, my lady, the princess, wants you inside.”
He thought then asked in wonder, “Why didn’t she come out to me, then?”
“She is ill and could not leave her bed,” lied Melanie, driven by her blind obedience.
“Very well, I shall go in and see what she wants,” he said in good faith.
He entered his brother’s house slowly until he reached the bedroom. The maid followed him without him noticing her and hid to watch because she knew that the princess was, definitely, up to something suspicious.
He entered his brother’s bedroom and found the princess putting on her makeup in front of her mirror, wearing her nicest dress, and looking her best. He was fascinated by her beauty as he had never seen such beauty or even a fraction of it. He wondered why she was putting on makeup.
“What do you want me for?” he said quickly.
He paused then said in wonder, “You do not look ill at all!”
She stood up, walked slowly and confidently towards him, and stood opposite to him with her shining blue eyes and charming black hair as he was looking at that unique irresistible beauty.
“I am yours,” she said. He was shocked by what he heard, stared at her, and said with disapproval, “What did you say?”
In a confident voice, she replied, “I know you wanted me since the first day you saw me. I am very beautiful and a great princess and you are a man. You cannot resist all this.
“I know you love me. Your eyes told me so. I know that the only thing that came between us is your hatred for my father. I am yours, and your brother does not have to know.
“Come on, touch me, Jarvis… touch me.”
She might have hesitated before commencing her plan but as soon as she started and got involved in the events, she let herself go because she was the princess whose wishes had never had any limits.
Jarvis felt as if he was stabbed in his heart. He wished he had never lived to see that. A Proud might tolerate everything. Jarvis accepted even the death of his father and brother. But a Proud would never tolerate an insult to his honor no matter what, and Hammond’s honor was Jarvis’s honor and might not be violated or even touched.
Therefore, he became enraged like a wounded lion and decided that he must kill Florrie, who got low enough to violate Hammond’s honor with his own brother.
He started breathing faster, sighed deeply, and, roared like he had never done, “You shameless slut.”
He struck the princess so strongly, that he threw her away on the floor then pulled out his sword. When Melanie heard him shouting, she ran to the door of the room. When she saw him holding his sword planning on killing the princess, she started crying heavily. She heard what went on between them and knew everything. She regretted obeying Florrie with her plan because it had instigated a sedition that would never end. She realized too late that blind obedience was only good if it was to a good person who wanted what was best for people around him, but blind obedience to someone who wished those around him evil was evil in itself and would result in evil. When Jarvis heard Melanie crying, he looked at her then at Florrie on the floor and started walking towards her slowly as he was shocked by what had happened. He was determined to kill her.
She started crawling backwards until she reached the window of the room, which she opened quickly and shouted as loudly as she could, “People, save me!”
Then, she grabbed a veil from the room and ran out while Jarvis followed her slowly. She covered her head and face while the Prouds rushed inside the house and found Jarvis holding his sword, while Florrie leaned against the wall in the living room.
One man asked with panic, “What is going on, Jarvis?”
But Jarvis did not answer.
Milton and the Small One came in.
“What is going on?” Milton shouted.
“He came into my house planning to rape me, and when I said no, he tried to kill me,” Florrie lied.
“Shut up, you lying slut,” shouted Jarvis, who became angrier because she committed the new crime of lying.
Milton and the Small One pulled out their swords and stood against Jarvis.
“Move out of my way,” Jarvis shouted. “She tried to seduce me, and deserves to die for it.”
“There is no need to fight here, Jarvis,” Milton said. “Let us wait for the leader to return, and he will be the judge between you two.”
A group of men rushed and grabbed Jarvis, who was out of breath, astonished, and raging with anger, and took him out of the house.
After he got out, astonished, and most of the people gathered around him, he walked away quickly until he reached the wall of some house, leaned against it, and started breathing heavily and quickly. He preferred death to life because people knew what had happened and heard Florrie accusing him of trying to rape her. Hammond’s honor, which was more precious to him than his own, became as a flag moved in each direction by the wind of people’s speculations.

Chapter Forty


After Florrie’s attempt to seduce him, Jarvis went back to his house and entered his bedroom to find his wife crying loudly, with her eyes full of tears and sadness in her face.
Already knowing the answer, he asked, “Why are you crying, Abigail?”
“I heard what happened,” she replied.
She paused then added, “What does this snake want from us?”
Her confidence in him made him feel relieved. Not asking him what happened and calling Florrie a snake meant that she did not believe that woman’s allegations.
“Do not worry, Abigail,” he said. “As long as you trust me, and as long as the Prouds, including Hammond, trust me, there is nothing that woman can do to harm us.”
He put his hands on her shoulders, trying to comfort her. “Please, do not cry. It is all right… it is all right.”
***
Days later, Reynold went to Jarvis’s house. He preferred to wait for a few days before talking to Jarvis about what had happened between him and Florrie because he wanted to give him time to calm down as he must be angry.
Reynold greeted frowning Jarvis, who greeted him back and the two sat down to talk.
“What happened, Jarvis? Why did that woman say what she said about you?” asked Reynold.
With deep sadness and sorrow, Jarvis sighed then said, “She sent her maid to me saying that she was ill and wanted to see me in her house because she could not come out due to illness. When I went inside, I found that she was perfectly healthy. She even wore a very nice perfume and a very beautiful dress. As soon as she saw me, she tried to seduce me and said, ‘I am all yours.’”
“What a slut! And what did you do?” Reynold said.
With the same sadness and sorrow, Jarvis replied, “I grabbed my sword and wanted to kill her. After that, she started calling out for help, so people came in and stopped me.”
Reynold said calmly and confidently, “I knew you were innocent from what she accused you and did not come here to make sure, but rather to hear how she tried to seduce you.”
He paused then asked, “What are you going to do now?”
“I am going to wait for Hammond to talk to me about it,” Jarvis replied.
Jarvis knew that Florrie would say something to Hammond about what had happened, and it was not going to be the truth because he understood Florrie and the way she thought very well. He even knew that, ever since she got married to Hammond, she had always been trying to turn Hammond against him by telling him things that would make him hate his brother.
“All right,” Reynold said. “But beware of Hammond. Always be alert and watch out for any suspicious move he may make because it may be intended to harm you.”
“Do not worry,” Jarvis said with confidence. “Hammond is my brother, and would never harm me. No slut can come between me and my brother.”
***
After Florrie tried to seduce Jarvis, and everybody knew that something had happened, she sat on the chair in her bedroom thinking what to do.
She knew what happened would lead to a war that would start soon, and no one knew who was going to win it. Hammond would either take her side or Jarvis’s. There was no other alternative. Therefore, she had to convince Hammond that she was telling the truth. Also, she might get revenge from Jarvis. Her desire to retaliate was multiplied when he slapped her, humiliated her, and tried to kill her in front of everybody. Being the great princess and daughter of the greatest king, she had never expected to be slapped, and by whom? A savage from the desert.
Her first step in that war was getting rid of Melanie by any means because she knew what had happened and if she told Hammond the truth, the princess would end up losing the war. She thought of a way to get rid of Melanie and silence her. Knowing Melanie, she realized that the best way was to scare her, so that she would not dare open her mouth.
She suddenly stood up and shouted, “Melanie…come here!”
Melanie came right away and stood before her lady, looking at the floor in silence.
The princess said angrily and firmly, “Listen well. I do not need you in this house any more. So pack your stuff and leave the house immediately and never come back. Go to your folks or find another house to serve.”
Melanie started crying heavily without making any sound for fear of the princess’s anger.
The princess added, “Listen. If you say a word to the leader or anyone else, even to the jinn, I shall send one of my father’s soldiers and have him chop off your head and kill your entire family.” Then, she said, staring sharply at the maid, “Beware that I am a princess, a daughter of a king who is the strongest king in the world, and that I am powerful, so don’t be stupid and challenge a woman whom you are no match for.”
Crying heavily, the maid turned around and started to leave the room as the princess rushed, took out a sack full of gold from a drawer in the room. “Wait.”
Melanie turned around. Florrie put the sack in her hand. The princess wanted to silence her by any means and believed giving her money, being a needy maid, would, in addition to scaring her, help bury the truth forever.
Melanie was very regretful for helping Florrie with her scheme. But her regret became greater when she decided not to tell the truth. Her regret was combined with a sense of shame because she failed her people, the Prouds. But, at the end of the day, she could not defy a princess and a daughter of a king. Therefore, her final decision was to obey the princess’s orders and keep silent.
***
The leader returned to the land of the Prouds.
When Florrie learned of his return, she lay on her bed, covered herself with a blanket, and started crying heavily.
He entered the house smiling and started looking for his wife until he entered the bedroom and saw her that way.
He frowned. “What is wrong, Florrie?”
She did not reply.
He walked to her, sat on the bed next to her, put his hand on her, and asked again, “What is wrong, Florrie? Has anyone of my people bothered you?”
She got up. “Your brother Jarvis…”
“What did Jarvis do?” he asked in wonder.
She started crying even louder and heavier.
“What did he do?” he asked again.
She replied, crying, “He came into the house… to our bedroom planning to rape me… and when I resisted, he tried to kill me until I called out for help and people rescued me.”
When Hammond heard what she said, massive rage invaded him. He could not believe what he had heard, and his eyes almost turned completely red of anger. Anything could happen, but violating his honor. He might forgive violations to his dignity, glory, wealth, or even the lives of his loved ones, but would never forgive violations to his honor.
He was astonished, grabbed his wife, and shouted while shaking her, with his eyes open wide, “What are you saying?”
“I am telling you that he tried to rape me…” she replied.
She paused and said, crying heavily, “Isn’t it enough that he took away leadership from you? Now he is after your wife, too?”
He started breathing deeply while Florrie’s crying surrounded him.
Can you really go this far, Jarvis? Can you really do that? thought Hammond, who started thinking of what Florrie told him and whether she was telling the truth.


Part XII
The Brothers


Chapter Forty-One


Ever since Florrie told him what she told him, Hammond had kept thinking excessively not knowing what to do as he had sat alone with no companion, but extreme anger. Whenever he went out and back, he would sit alone thinking again feeling confused and angry.
As time passed by, Hammond drowned more in quicksand of confusion. He needed to do something before he drowned completely. Every time he tried to think, he was as if he was trying to move in the sand and he drowned more.
Did Jarvis really violate my honor? How could he enter my house in my absence when there was no one there but my wife and the women serving her with no men at all? Florrie’s beauty would make any man fall in love with her, did he fall in love with her? Is this why he was sad when I told him that I was going to marry her, in Fitoma Palace? What should I do now? How can I restore my honor? that was what he was thinking.
***
The next day after Hammond returned from his trip, he needed Melanie, so he started calling her without any reply. He then went looking for her and did not find her in the house.
He went to the princess. “Where is Melanie?”
The princess said, confidently and calmly, “I sent her away because she disobeyed every order I gave her and challenged me. It seems like she blindly obeys everyone but me. She obeys your brother Jarvis and the rest of the Prouds, who are plotting against me and cannot stand my presence here.”
When he heard this, he was amazed and could not see any sense in dismissing Melanie, whom he knew was always blindly obedient for many years. She had never committed any mistake, no matter how small, all those years. He started looking at Florrie with suspicion and doubt.
***
The same day, as he went out of his house for the first time ever since he returned from his trip, Hammond passed by Jarvis, and looked at him angrily.
He said in a harsh low voice while walking, “Hello.”
He kept walking.
“Hello,” Jarvis replied.
Jarvis watched his brother walking away without stopping to talk to him.
He was amazed by his brother’s behavior and started thinking, Has Hammond known what happened? What did Florrie tell him? She must have lied to him the way she lied to everybody else. If she told him something, then why hasn’t he asked me about it yet?”
***
Days later, as he was going back to his house one night, Hammond passed by his brother’s house to find that he had two visitors with the sound of laughter of Jarvis and his guests coming out loudly.
Hammond heard one of the guests saying, “As I was in the city, I saw a very beautiful woman, so I walked straight to her and said, ‘Will you marry me?’”
Hammond stopped to listen as Jarvis and his guests laughed.
The guest added, “She said, ‘get lost.’”
Then, the three men laughed even louder.
“What you did was very foolish,” Jarvis said. “Yet, if it had been me who approached her, she would have never said no as no woman will ever say no to Jarvis.”
The three men started laughing as loudly as they could while Hammond became angrier for what he had just heard and walked away.


Chapter Forty-Two


With hate for Jarvis running in his veins after all the blows he had received from him over the years, the Small One headed to Milton’s house.
He said, “Milton. I am with Hammond on whatever he may do. Tell him that I shall back him. We would never let our leader’s honor be violated. He is a brother to us.”
Right after that, Milton headed to Hammond’s house. “Hammond, the Small One and I are with you on whatever you may do. Let us know what you decide, and we will carry out your orders.”
Hammond listened to these words, while anger was still in his heart, getting larger every moment.
***
One morning, Hammond went to Jarvis’s house and called him. Jarvis came out.
“How are you?” Hammond said.
“Never been better,” Jarvis replied.
“We are going on another hunting trip, so get ready to go with us,” said Hammond, calmly.
Jarvis thought for a while then said, “Very well, I will go in my house to get ready.”
Hammond took off to his house. Jarvis started bringing his luggage from the house and putting them on Genos’s back.
Reynold saw him, came, and greeted him.
“Where are you going?” asked Reynold.
“I am going hunting with my brother,” replied Jarvis.
He went inside the house to bring some of his luggage.
Reynold followed him inside and said, firmly, “Do not go, Jarvis.”
“Why not?” asked Jarvis, with amazement.
“Hammond must have learned of what happened, and he must be up to something,” Reynold replied.
“Do not worry,” Jarvis laughed and said with confidence. “He is my brother and he would never harm me. What do you think he would do?”
“Let me go with you then,” said Reynold.
“No. You hate hunting and there is no need for you to go,” replied Jarvis.
Reynold walked to the door, stood there, stretched his arms to the left and right. “Do not go, Jarvis.”
That was his final attempt to deter Jarvis from going.
But, Jarvis walked toward him. “I am going… Do not worry for me.”
Then, he left the house.
***
Hammond, Milton, the Small One, and Jarvis left the land of the Prouds as the princess watched with her plotting big eyes.
The four men went on the hunting trip, only Hammond led them on a route that they had never used before.
Days later, the four men reached a barren desert, where Hammond stopped and dismounted. Behind him was Jarvis, with Milton to his right and the Small One to his left. All three of them dismounted.
“There is nothing to hunt in this land,” said Jarvis with amazement.
Hammond shouted angrily, shaking his right hand forcefully, “This is the place to hunt!”
When he heard that, Jarvis realized that that trip was for hunting him and not beasts. He realized that those three men came to kill him, and it was the time for them to carry out their plan. All he could think of at that moment was saving their lives and his life at the same time because he would never kill a Proud, let alone his own brother. In a second, he came up with a plan to do that.
Having heard what Hammond said, his pupil moved immediately to the right and to the left to see the two who surrounded him and he put his hand on his sword.
Suddenly, Hammond pulled out his sword and attacked Jarvis, who pulled out his sword quickly and hit Hammond’s sword, passed by him, and ran away followed by all three of them with Milton and the Small One holding their swords.
He kept running very quickly like a leopard as the three men chased him. He ran faster, and the Small One was the closest to him, followed by Milton, then Hammond. He kept running fast until the distance between them became far, then he hit his left foot against the ground causing yellow sand to scatter around it, and ran back towards the three men holding his sword with both hands.
He reached the Small One and hit his sword with his once, throwing it away, then he cut the Small One’s left leg. The Small One cried loudly and fell to the ground.
Jarvis ran until he reached Milton and cut his right arm. Milton cried, threw his sword, and put his left hand on his wounded arm.
Jarvis then ran towards his brother. They struck their swords against one another twice, and then Jarvis threw his sword away and grabbed Hammond’s hands, which were holding his sword. The two men wrestled, but Jarvis was stronger and managed to move his brother’s hands to the right side until the tip of the sword pointed to the ground. Jarvis stuck it in the sand, then pushed his brother dropping him to the ground and ran quickly towards Genos.
Meanwhile, the Small One stood up and, as Jarvis was running, grabbed his bow and threw an arrow, which hit Jarvis’s right leg between his thigh and leg from the back. Jarvis moaned, pulled the arrow out of his leg, threw it away, and started limping slowly towards Genos in great pain.
Meanwhile, Hammond stood up, took his sword out of sand, and ran quickly towards his limping brother. When he reached him, Jarvis turned around. Hammond stabbed him with the sword in his upper belly.
Hammond killed his brother, who had never harmed him and who had always trusted him. He did that without mercy or hesitation, He killed all the memories, all those days and nights, all that joy and sorrow, all those laughs and tears, all those mutual sacrifices, and everything they had shared.
After Hammond stabbed him, Jarvis opened his eyes overwhelmed by what Hammond had done, then he looked at his brother’s sword inserted into his stomach and thought, How could you kill me, Hammond?
With blood coming out of Jarvis’s mouth, as he fell to his knees, he started breathing faster and cried, “Aaaah, aaaah, aaaah.”
Then he shouted with a broken heart, “I swear to God, I would rather be killed a million times by one million mean enemies than be killed by you, Brother…”
Tears started falling down from his eyes. “But I want you to know before I die, that I have never betrayed you and I would never do that. That woman tried to seduce me and I said no. Ask your maid, Melanie.”
The pain inside Jarvis was so enormous that it could not be imagined.
When Hammond heard Melanie’s name, he remembered how Florrie had sent her away and how her claim of Melanie’s disobedience had been unbelievable, and realized that Melanie was the witness to his brother’s innocence and his wife’s guilt. He regretted not going to her to find out the truth. He regretted not asking his brother about what happened.
He wondered if he had killed Jarvis because he believed that he deserved to die or because he was waiting for the chance to kill his brother and get rid of the uncomfortable feeling he always had toward him. That feeling he had all his life and always tried to avoid having to deal with jealousy. Yes. Jarvis was right when he felt that his brother, Hammond, was jealous of him. In fact, his heart was filled with jealousy.
Why does everybody love Jarvis more than me? Why does my father favor him to me? Why is he a stronger fighter than I am? Why does he lead the Prouds in battle although he is younger than me? Why does he get all the glory in battle and praise after it? Why is he better looking than I am? Why do all women want him and not me? I was having a good life. I was everything until he was born, and my life started to get ugly. He became everything. Why did he beat me, although he was born in the same house I was born in, had the same parents I had, and lived under the same conditions I lived under? Jarvis is my enemy, and I have to beat him, Hammond had always wondered. It had been this way ever since Jarvis was born, ever since everybody started to notice his excellence and favor him.
Hammond suffered “the big brother” complex suffered by many big brothers. It makes one believe that he is more entitled to everything. He is more entitled to goodness, happiness and to be protected from evil and misery. Whatever a father gives his children should be given to him first. He is the second in command in the family, next to his father. He should be loved the most by his parents. He may do anything to his siblings, even if he does them wrong. They must submit to him no matter what he does. He is the most important member of the family.
Jarvis dropped dead on the ground covered in blood. Genos approached him, turned wild, and raised its forearms neighing loudly while tears were falling from its eyes. Then it moved its head close to him and started moving him but he did not respond, and some of his blood came on it. It kept doing so over and over again.
When Hammond saw Genos crying painfully for Jarvis, he felt that he was the biggest traitor in the universe. For how could an animal be more loyal to his brother than he was?
He kneeled down and shouted, “My brother!”
Then he started crawling toward his brother, and then he shook him. “Answer me, Jarvis.”
But Jarvis did not answer.
How could I kill my brother with my own two hands? Hammond thought.
He was overwhelmed by remorse which was like fire eating his heart, and there was nothing to put out that fire except revenge. He entered the realm of remorse and became the most remorseful person in it. The cuffs of remorse tied up his hands and legs. The chains of remorse tied up his arms and thighs. Those cuffs and chains prevented him from doing anything. He hated everything. Killing could not be undone. You cannot bring someone who is killed back to life. But the pain caused by killing him can be alleviated by revenge from those who caused his death. Therefore, he was determined to kill Florrie.
His pain was aggravated further by the fact that Jarvis tried to leave without killing any of them although he was able to.
Both the Small One and Milton cut off parts of their clothes and wrapped them around their wounds inflicted by Jarvis during the fight.
A while later, Hammond and his companions started digging, and then Hammond buried his brother’s body.
Then Hammond said angrily, “I must kill that slut.”
Milton was ashamed of himself, regretful, and angry because the result of his plans was killing Jarvis, who was innocent.
The Small One, on the other hand, achieved what he wanted as he retaliated from Jarvis and played a key role in killing him. He felt no remorse or anger at all but was rather happier than ever although Jarvis had refrained from killing him despite the fact that he could have easily done so.
The leader stood up and walked to raging Genos trying to calm it down and take it with him, but it resisted and kept raising its forearms with tears falling down its face.
Then Milton said, “Leave it here. No one but Jarvis can ride this horse.”
Hammond left it.
The sun had already set when they finished burying Jarvis. They headed toward their homeland.
When it was night, Milton said, “Let’s have some sleep.”
“No, I want to kill that slut as soon as possible,” Hammond replied.
“But our land is many days away, and if we do not sleep now, we will later,” Milton said. “Let us have some sleep as what you are determined to do needs strength and concentration.”
Hammond agreed and the three men dismounted and lay down to sleep.


Chapter Forty-Three


When Milton heard his friend swearing to kill Florrie, he became afraid.
Milton was a realistic man, or so he believed, and in a very short time, he thought of what would happen between King Matthew and the Prouds if Hammond killed Princess Florrie. The king would make it his first priority to kill every single man of the Prouds, and even every woman and child. He had already done something similar to that when he killed all the families of the Three Guardians after Frederick, son of one of the guardians, killed Queen Heather. He would do everything he could, mobilize every soldier he had, even those in the most distant parts of Widea, and all his allies, he would use all the money and weapons he had to kill the Prouds and finish them. The Prouds, on the other hand, would go to war defeated and hurt because their main and strongest knight was killed by his own brother.
That was why he told Hammond that they needed to have some sleep, so that he could seize the opportunity when Hammond fell asleep and go save Princess Florrie and, consequently, save the Prouds from the wrath of the mighty king.
As Hammond and the Small One were sleeping, Milton stood up quietly, took his horse, and headed, filled with fear, towards the land of the Prouds.
After days of continuous traveling, he reached the land of the Prouds at dawn. He went to Leader Hammond’s house and knocked on the door but no one answered, so he kept knocking until a maid opened the door.
He ordered her to call Florrie, and she did.
Florrie came, looking sleepy, and asked with amazement, “What brings you here and where is Hammond?”
“Hammond killed Jarvis,” he said.
She smiled and as sleepiness was replaced by alertness. She became very happy to hear that Jarvis was killed because finally, she managed to retaliate against Jarvis. “But, before he died, Jarvis told Hammond that he had not betrayed him and asked him to ask his maid, Melanie to be sure,” Milton continued. “Then for some reason, which I am sure you know, Hammond believed him, deeply regretted killing him, and swore that he will kill you, and he will.
“Get your stuff quickly and let’s go to your father before Hammond gets here.”
She was terrified. Yet she was not sad at all for her husband’s desire to punish her because he had never meant anything to her, and she had never loved him. She even was happy because she was getting rid of that dirty, boring, barren desert and these savages, according to her. All she could think of then was running away to her father and saving her life.
Milton was upset because she was not affected by what had happened, and because she was rather very happy. Therefore, he realized that she only cared for herself, and that the Prouds meant nothing to her.
She brought her stuff, and the two of them headed towards Cintana.
***
Florrie and Milton arrived at Fitoma Palace and immediately entered the main hall of the palace, where the king was sitting on a chair at the end of the hall. Prince Harlem was there, too.
“Welcome, my daughter, Florrie. Where is Leader Hammond?” said the king.
He noticed his daughter’s crying. “What is wrong? Why are you crying?”
Crying heavily, she complained to her father, “My brother in law tried to rape me and I rejected. When Hammond heard of it, he killed him, then became angry for killing his own brother and swore that he will kill me as if it was my fault.”
The king could not believe what he had heard. He could not believe that anyone would dare harm his daughter whom he loved more than anything in the world! He became very mad. Only revenge from the Prouds and humiliating them could calm him down.
His heart was burning with the hot tears coming from her eyes.
He stood up and roared in rage like a lion, “What are you saying? My daughter is the purest human being of all, and I will kill all the Prouds.”
His confidence in his daughter was not shaken despite that rocking earthquake. He was confident that the Prouds were guilty and his daughter was the queen of innocence.
His son, whose scar, which was still on his neck, seemed to have revived his hatred for the Prouds, stood up. “Yes, Father. These people are aggressors. I told you right from the beginning not to give Florrie to them in marriage. You must not leave any of them alive.”
Milton could not believe what he had heard as what he was trying to prevent when he rescued the princess was still going to happen. The king was going to kill the Prouds. Milton started feeling regret, remembering everything he had tried to achieve since the day he planned the peace between the Prouds and the king. He realized that what he had done led to that horrible end and was not for the best interest of his people.
He recognized that what he thought was realistic was in fact quitting and failure and that dignity and glory were more important than wealth and women. He understood then why Addison, Jarvis, Adrian, and most of the Prouds insisted so much on protecting their dignity. But unfortunately, he realized all that too late as what good would regret do then?
He recognized that there was one more thing he could do to save the Prouds, which was telling the king the truth, hoping that he would believe it and spare the lives of the Prouds.
“But, this is not what happened!” he shouted. “Your daughter tried to seduce Jarvis and instigated sedition between him and Hammond until Hammond killed him.”
“How dare you?” the king roared again. “My daughter is the purest woman in the world. How dare you question her honor?”
Then, the king looked at the guards. “Put him in prison.”
The guards arrested Milton and took him away as he kept shouting, “She tried to seduce him!”
“You shall stay in prison forever,” the king said.
The king decided not to kill Milton like the rest of the Prouds, but rather imprison him for life. What caused Milton’s punishment to be reduced was the fact that he helped the princess run away from the Prouds and acted against his people’s wish in order to save her. Besides, he was an old friend of the king’s, and if it was not for him, the king would not have been able to subdue the Prouds.
Milton kept repeating “she tried to seduce him” uselessly, with regret, which was going to accompany him in the cell where he would spend the rest of his life.
Then, the king said, “Get me the commander of the army.”
Due to the gravity of the matter, he decided to start his revenge at once without delay.
There is no way Florrie would do such thing. I will not let anyone harm her. I will not let anyone harm Heather again. I was responsible for harming Heather once and I am not going to let this happen again, the king thought.
***
Ever since he was very young, Commander Samuel had been ambitious. But he had been subjected to a lot of injustice. His mother died while she was giving birth to him, and his father died when he was little. His father was a rich man. Samuel, with the money he inherited, could have progressed and achieved his aspirations of becoming an important man in Widea, like a minister. But his uncles prevented him from that as one of them became his guardian and stole, with his other uncles, his money. They treated him unfairly and stood like a giant rock in the way to achieving his dreams. He hated them and the whole universe. He could not bear all that injustice and could not imagine that it was possible for people to harm a defenseless young orphan so harshly, without anything hurting their conscience, as if they did nothing wrong.
After what he had to go through, he became a very hateful man who sought revenge and never forgave.
After all that, he went to the army, hoping to achieve his ambition by becoming a big leader or maybe even the commander of the army. Such ambition did not require a lot of money like the ambition of becoming a minister. In the army, he met another soldier, which was Hector, who became his friend and he loved him a lot. 	When Commander Reid died, King Matthew decided to appoint young men, filled with passion and ambition to achieve victory, in leading positions in the army, so that they would conquer as many lands as possible, and his kingdom would grow larger.
Days went by and Hector and Samuel kept advancing in the army until Hector became the commander of the army of Widea and appointed his close friend Samuel as his deputy, making Samuel’s love for him multiply. When Jarvis killed Hector, Samuel was very angry, and his hatred, which he was known for all his life, became directed to the Prouds, particularly Jarvis. He pledged to retaliate against the Prouds. Therefore, he was keen on being the one who captured Adrian, and that was why he always hoped that the king would decide to invade the Prouds.
***
Hours later, the army commander Samuel came.
The king said, “Prepare our army with as much force and great number of soldiers and arms as you can, then head to the Prouds and leave none of their men alive. Capture their women and children, and bring them humiliated to me here. So that they know what punishment awaits anyone who questions my daughter’s honor or tries to kill her.”
The ambitious commander smiled with joy. “Consider it done, My Lord.”


Chapter Forty-Four


When Hammond woke up and learned of Milton’s departure, he was surprised and knew that something had happened. He suspected that Milton went to tell the princess about his plan to retaliate against her and that he was going to help her run away to her father.
Hammond and the Small One headed quickly towards the land of the Prouds, without resting or stopping until they got there by sunset of the same day Milton had arrived.
Reynold saw Hammond. “Where is Jarvis?”
But, Hammond did not reply and rushed into his house looking for Florrie, but he did not find her, so he asked the servants about her, and they told him that she had left with Milton.
He closed his eyes realizing that it was all over and the water of revenge, which was going to put out the fire of remorse, had evaporated for good, so he collapsed.
He was in great pain because once Florrie got to her father, it would be impossible for him to retaliate against her. He would not be able to get her no matter how hard he tried because being with her father was like being protected by thousands of walls, the wall of Widea, the king’s army, the king’s allies, and the king himself. Therefore, he became filled with despair, which would accompany him forever.
“Damn you, Milton. Damn you,” he said.
Hammond woke up and realized who his friends and enemies were, only too late. He was betrayed by the man who had always been his friend and soul mate. It seemed like his friendship was, in the long run, animosity. Milton was the one who did the many bad things that led to that miserable fate of the Prouds. But Hammond also listened to him. If Milton was guilty for whispering into his ear, Hammond was guilty, too, for succumbing to those whispers without objection.
“Where is Jarvis?” Reynold asked him shouting.
Hammond leaned against the wall, and then sat on the floor with his back leaning against the wall, “The slut tricked me, and I killed my brother.”
Then, he said, crying, “My brother… my brother...”
Reynold grabbed him by his collar and started shaking him shouting as loudly as he could, “How? How? How could you do that?”
Meanwhile, people gathered inside the house when they heard Reynold shouting and asking Hammond about Jarvis.
Abigail, Shannon, and Raelene came in and heard Reynold shouting while shaking Hammond, “How could you kill Jarvis? How could you kill him?”
All three women started crying heavily, particularly Abigail, who had not enjoyed her marriage much. She fell down on the floor and started crying so heavily that her voice started to tremble.
The gathering people, who were shocked by the news, also collapsed and became grieved by the death of their strongest knight, who had always been their protector and source of pride, by his brother, their leader.
What Hammond said was like an earthquake that created a deep crack in the Prouds, a crack that could never be repaired.
Shannon could not believe and bear what had happened. Her heart was broken with sorrow. She remembered how happy she was when she got married to Addison and thought that good things would result from that marriage. She never expected all that evil and pain to result from her marriage to him. She could not understand how two human beings whom she gave birth to could kill one another. She felt as if her intestines were killing themselves, as if her hand was cutting her other hand. What value did her life and what was left of it have after all that happened?
Death of a loved one is definitely painful and that applies to Jarvis’s death. But what caused the pain to multiply was the fact that he died at the hand of his own brother.
***
The Prouds put on their black dresses to mourn the death of their strongest knight. Not only were their dresses black, as what happened painted their hearts and souls with blackness.
When the Prouds knew that the king had prepared to fight them, Reynold went to Hammond’s house and entered it as Hammond was in his bedroom leaning against the wall, drowning in deep sadness and talking to himself about his brother, killing him, and the way Florrie had tricked him.
He had stayed that way ever since he returned from the hunting trip. He reached a horrible and painful end. His life became like hell as remorse was so strong that it prevented him from having any peace of mind. A lifetime could not heal what he was going through. Only retaliation from Florrie could spare him such long time to heal. But that was impossible then, which made him delirious.
The Prouds were like stray beasts who did not know what to do. They relied on the leader to make decisions, prepare, and plan for battles. But their leader was in a pitiful state and could not plan a fight with a cat, let alone fighting a great army. Therefore, every one of the Prouds refused to assume any responsibility, except Reynold. All Reynold could think of at that moment was saving the tribe from the king who was coming to destroy and annihilate it. Holding Hammond, Milton, and the Small One accountable for what they had done, did not matter then. Only the best interest of the Prouds mattered to him.
“Stand up. You must prepare to lead us in our battle against Matthew’s soldiers,” said Reynold firmly and angrily.
Hammond hallucinated, “My brother… I killed my brother. She left before I had my revenge.”
Reynold grabbed him by his collar, lift him up, and shouted, “You must lead us in battle. You brought this upon us and you have to act.”
But, Hammond did not reply, so Reynold left him to go back to his seat against the wall.
Reynold left the house of the finished leader and started calling on the Prouds to gather around him.
After a while, many of the Prouds’ knights gathered around him.
He said loudly, “People, you must prepare to meet Matthew’s army.”
But the people were very sad and their morale was at its worst.
One man said, “How can we fight now that we have lost the strongest knight, who had saved us in all our wars and was the reason for all our victories? How can we fight now that we have lost our leader and his son, and his oldest son killed his other son, all within less than a year? How can we fight? This oppressor king will devour us.”
Every single one of the Prouds thought that way but they did not have the courage to say it. People were overwhelmed by pessimism.
Reynold shouted angrily at the man, “Shut up. We are the Prouds.”
He continued passionately, “Had Jarvis been alive, he would not have tolerated what you have just said. Jarvis’s body has gone but his soul is still alive in ours. We must fight and defeat this mean king, his imbecile son, and slutty daughter for messing with our tribe.”
He paused for a while then shouted, “Take off your mourning clothes and prepare for revenge.”
***
Reynold had a huge burden pushing on his chest because of the upcoming war with King Matthew, especially with the state the Prouds tribe had reached after what had happened between Hammond and Jarvis.
He needed to talk to someone wise, to get relieved at least a little bit. He searched for someone in the tribe to talk to and he found that Gilbert was the best person for that.
He went to Gilbert’s house and knocked on the door. Gilbert opened the door. He was very sad as the rest of the Prouds.
“Hello,” said Reynold.
“Hello, welcome,” Gilbert replied.
Then he served Reynold some coffee. Reynold kept holding the cup but did not drink because of his bad mood. Gilbert also did not drink because of his sadness.
Silence prevailed until Gilbert said, “You are a very brave man. You took the responsibility although you were not asked to do so. Whereas some people who are supposed to lead the tribe ran away from responsibility.”
Gilbert felt the sadness of Reynold and he said those words trying to help him say what he wanted to say.
“I am so sad and down,” Reynold said. “I came here because I need you to say something encouraging.”
“If you want me to lie and say that we will step on the king and his army, I will not do that,” Gilbert said.
Reynold frowned.
“It is not important what I believe will happen in the war as we are going to fight anyway,” Gilbert added.
“Please tell me what you expect,” Reynold said, “I will accept whatever you say.”
Gilbert sighed then said, “I only see darkness.”
“Why?” asked Reynold.
“Because this is the first time we lose our unity,” Gilbert answered.
“Unity is important and fundamental for survival, victory, and even growth.
“Any group of people who share the same bond, such as tribe or family needs unity to survive. If members of any group maintain their unity, they will become invincible, whereas if there are differences between them, they will become an easy catch for their enemies. The Prouds have always been united, and that has been the main secret behind their power.”
He sighed then continued, “When the enemies of a community fail to defeat it directly, they often try to weaken its unity, promote differences and dispute between its members, in order to weaken the wall represented by said community. Then, like fierce hungry lions, these enemies will attack those defenseless scattered rabbits, who once were lions feared by everybody when they were united. That was what King Matthew and his folks did to us. At least that was what Florrie did to us by instigating sedition between Hammond and Jarvis.”
Reynold left as sadly as he came because he found all that pessimism in Gilbert’s words.

Chapter Forty-Five


Led by Reynold, the Prouds marched not far from their land to meet the king’s mighty huge army. Again, the Prouds were much fewer in number and arms.
Widea’s soldiers were led by the malicious leader Samuel, who came for nothing but revenge. The king’s army also included Leader Shawn and knights of the Sendeys, as the leader would never miss the chance to retaliate against the Prouds.
That time, the Prouds’ determination and spirits were low as they were devastated by what had happened to their strongest knight. Although they had taken off their black mourning clothes, their hearts were engulfed in blackness. It had been a long time since they fought without Jarvis. They were used to him and very convinced that he was the reason for their victories. Maybe it would be easier if their first battle without him was against a weak army or an easy tribe, but they were going to fight the strongest army around. Maybe they would have been able to treat their wounds and pain and go to battle in full strength and spirits if the battle came after the lapse of sufficient time after his murder.
Reynold felt a huge burden when he had to lead the Prouds’ soldiers in battle because he was replacing a great man, Jarvis, and he did not have his strength, courage, glorious history, or effect on the knights of the Prouds.
On the back of his horse, he moved to left and right in front of the Prouds shouting, “We sacrifice our lives for freedom!”
He was trying to remind them of Jarvis and motivate them to fight but no one answered, so he shouted, “Let’s avenge Jarvis.”
Then he shouted, “Attack.”
He rushed on his horse but no one of the Prouds followed him. When he realized that after he looked back, he stopped his horse and returned to them. Once again, he was trying to remind them of Jarvis.
“They seem to be scared,” Samuel’s deputy said to Samuel, who was very happy.
Samuel started nodding in approval.
Then he ordered his soldiers, “Attack.”
He rushed towards the Prouds followed quickly by the great masses of the king’s soldiers.
The Small One and few men of the Prouds started throwing arrows at Widea’s soldiers hitting a few. The Small One was only interested in excelling in battle as that was his chance to show everybody that he was better than Jarvis and could be the tribe’s main knight. Saving the Prouds from the king was the last thing on his mind.
Then, the armies collided. There were several casualties on both sides. Reynold started killing Widea’s soldiers. While the Small One stood in a distant corner and started throwing arrows at Widea’s soldiers. Samuel, on the other hand, started killing the Prouds’ men.
That battle was different from the previous one against the king’s army as the Prouds sustained more casualties as time went by. They wished if Jarvis was among them, they even wished that his ghost was among them. Reynold, who was the strongest of the Prouds and who had killed many of Widea’s soldiers, was approached by Samuel, who also had killed many of the Prouds. The two started striking each other’s swords. They were both filled with hatred and sadness for their friends and seeking revenge. Reynold’s hit stronger than Samuel and was so close to winning, that Samuel fell down and he almost killed him.
But four other soldiers of Widea surrounded him and attacked him with Samuel from all sides, such that whenever he engaged in fighting with one of them, one or more soldiers would attack him. As he fought one of them, Samuel attacked and stabbed him in his stomach. He fell on his knees. Then Samuel pushed him in the chest with his foot, and he fell on the ground dead.
Samuel killed many of the Prouds but when he killed Reynold, he felt exceptionally thrilled and that he had avenged his friend, Hector.
When their leader was killed, the Prouds collapsed even more. As time went by, the outcome of the battle was definitely to the benefit of the king’s army.
When the Small One saw the defeat of his people, he retreated on his horse and ran away from battle, leaving his people to their fate. The very same Jarvis, whom the Small One had always considered to be his rival and had always been obsessed by beating him, would never leave the battlefield with his people defeated in order to save himself without caring for them. Jarvis was not only better than the Small One at fighting, but he also had more courage than he did. The Small One was furious because deep inside, he knew that he could not beat Jarvis after he failed at leading the Prouds to victory. Even though Jarvis was dead, his ghost haunted the Small One everywhere and would keep haunting him for the rest of his life.
The battle continued and most of the Prouds were killed, while the wounded were taken prisoners. After the battle, Samuel ordered that the prisoners be killed and so they were because he wanted to retaliate against them so much without mercy. He also wanted to carry out the king’s orders who insisted on killing all of the Prouds without exception.
As he watched the end of the battle in which his army was achieving decisive victory, Samuel said, with a heart of which mercy had been forced out by extreme malice, “Let’s go and finish the rest of them in their homeland.”
Since Widea’s soldiers were victorious and in control, why would not they kill the rest of the Prouds?
***
After their war with the Prouds, the king’s soldiers headed to the land of the Prouds and when they saw it, they rushed on horseback like eagles soaring in the sky. They were filled with enthusiasm because they knew that finishing the remaining people in the land of the Prouds had become easy after destroying their army. The soldiers had not sustained many casualties in the battle, which made their number many times larger than the number of the Prouds left in their land. In addition, they were confident that the spirits of the remaining the Prouds had hit rock bottom when they had learned of what had happened to their knights in battle.
Some of the knights of the Prouds, who were kept in the land of the tribe by Reynold in case of any treacherous attack by Widea’s army, started preparing to fight the soldiers.
Led by Samuel, the soldiers attacked them quickly on horseback like beasts attacking their prey.
The soldiers started devouring the defeated men of the Prouds, killing them one after the other, sustaining only two casualties.
Gilbert tried to fight them but he could not do much against such many soldiers, who eventually killed him. Hence, he would stay forever in the land of his tribe, which he had willingly left in his many journeys.
Samuel broke in houses looking for Hammond, as he wanted to kill him before someone else would do until he found him still leaning against the wall along with deep sorrow. Of all the men of the Prouds, he was the only one still wearing black mourning clothes.
“This is your end, Hammond,” said Samuel.
Then he gloated, “You people whom no one had cried for their Jarvis except his horse, you do not deserve to live.”
Then he cut Hammond’s chest and belly and killed him without any resistance. He was killed by those whom he killed his own brother for. As he was dying, he remembered Jarvis, his father, and Adrian and wished they were there. He realized that he was responsible for everything that had happened and that he had been the sword with which the king had killed the Prouds. He realized that he was responsible for the annihilation of the Prouds, which everybody failed to do for centuries when the Prouds remained defiant in the face of their enemies.
The last thing he thought was, Forgive me, Jarvis. Forgive me, Father. Forgive me, Mother. Forgive me, Adrian. Forgive me, Prouds… It is my fault.
But, what good could regret do after what had happened?
The king’s soldiers continued killing the Prouds and taking those who stayed alive prisoners, to have them killed later on. They started breaking into houses. Women of the Prouds were captured, on top of which were Abigail, Raelene, and Shannon. Soldiers pushed Abigail and Raelene violently as they did nothing but weep and cry. The Prouds’ honor was violated by their enemies after protecting it during all their lives.
All of the Prouds were thinking, If Jarvis was here, none of this would have happened.
Every one of them was in great pain and sadness in those moments, which they had never imagined would come.
The Prouds were gone forever, and so was their sun, which used to light the sky of Widea and its desert.
That was what happened to them after Jarvis, while Genos kept weeping for his friend and hovering around his grave in grief until the loyal horse died and lay on the grave of his friend, Jarvis.


The End
