


The Flintwalker Chronicles:
FIRST CONTACTS
by 
Legendgerry


Smashwords Edition 
Published by Gerald Mc Evoy at and Distributed by Smashwords. 
Copyright 2017 

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. 
If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favourite authorized retailer. 
Thank you for your support.


Discover other Smashwords titles by Legendgerry
 Freeport Nights: The Racer







To:
 My Patrons Past and Present:
Alisa Chen
Anna Ahern
Anita Murray
Aoife Kelly
Arden Reilly
Beth Marshall
Ciaran O’Brien
Dave Mc Evoy
Erica Stevenson
Erica Mc Evoy Mountford
James Hackett
John Vogel
Kelvin Ward
Michael Feeny
Simon Hall

To my Twitter Players, 
There are way to many of you over the two years to thank individually but know that without your votes, your arguements and your hilarity this would never have been possible.

To my fellow #IntFic writers on Twitter. Keep going!

To the very patient and lovely staff at the Osta Cafe and Wne Bar where most of this was written.

And of course to Aoife, my love.

Foreword.


This is Twitters fault.
Back in November 2017 Twitter expanded their character count, now you could write a few sentences and there was a poll option.
I thought it would be funny to post an old style text adventure post to mark this change.
“You’re at a crossroads the road South, East, or West which way do you go?”
This tweet got a big reaction from people but the poll tied.
This was unsatisfactory so I added a bit of context and gave people the choice again.
“You're a Goliath, part of an unusual tribe of mountaintop dwellers, standing at 7' 4" with an Iron banded staff, druids robes rustling in the wind, you have set out to chart a path to Chult, (due S.E you think.) and find a home for your people there. There's a fork in the road...” 
Again it tied.
This was genuinely starting to annoy me, so I created someone else on the road to give them a bump towards an actual decision.
This created the need for an actual encounter, which I wrote, and from there the story took a life of it’s own.

I wrote a tweet or sometimes a long thread of tweets every day for two years (with the exception of a couple where I was at game conventions running my other flights of fancy.)
I never had a plan for any of this, I’d start fleshing out parts of it mentally but the players decisions nearly inevitably took the story in different directions.
I took to rolling the dice (D20) for player actions like a proper role playing game so even if they chose what I wanted it may not go the way anyone wanted.
If I got the character into a closed environment then I could plan the next few tweets ahead but when they got out into the world it was totally improvised.
I started compiling the entries on a blog so I could keep track of what had gone before, at this stage mainly so I could remember funny ideas I had at the time in case the chance came to circle back to them.

A bunch of entries later I realised there was enough for a novella and started to compile the blogs on a chapter basis. Then it started to get very long so I split it up. This the novella section the next parts going to be a novel in it’s own right.
At one point I was stuck, literally had nothing, so on a whim decided to throw in a naked guy running past the player to see what they would do.
They could have hidden from what was chasing him, they could have run in any other direction, instead they chose to run after him.
So now I needed a reason for the naked guy and why he was being chased.
This became the tale of Bertram the Bastard which I wrote with the intention of it being a piece of stand alone fiction but I had to include it here because the events of it became critical later in the chronicle.
 
Admin who you meet at the start was actually created much further along in the story mainly so I could heckle the players a little in game.
Later when I was compiling this I decided to insert them at various junctures to help make sense of it for people who weren’t there.
Hopefully it works, as the way I ran the game forced this chronicle into being told mainly in the second person and some people can struggle with that, to those people I can only apologise and remind you:
I never planned this.
It does switch to third person for the Tale of Bertram the Bastard and I turned the short remainder of the Flintwalker section after it to third person as well so it’d be slightly less jarring. 
So here you go, part fiction, part record of a game, part fan fiction for the game, all madness.
Be Well, Be Safe.

Gerry



First Contacts

You sit in an office, well a space carved out of literal darkness to look like an office anyway. It’s got all the essentials, a desk, a chair behind the desk and a slightly lower chair for other people to sit so the Admin can look down at them, but it is lacking in the walls department.
There’s a clock above the desk that has captured your attention, it has four hands and there are no numbers just four words where the quarters should be. Here, There, Now and Then.
The creature is called Admin, it has chosen to look like one of your clan but you know it’s not even from your plane of existence, is sitting at that desk is sifting through papers muttering away to itself

"E...E.D...E.L…..for the love of….Ah! Here we are!"
It pulls a thin folder out, from which it takes more papers than should fit in the folder.
"Flintwalker yes?"
You nod.
"I need audible confirmation please"
"Uh?"
"Are you Flintwalker?"
"Yes"
"There we go! Now as I said you have the potential to be a candidate so we’re going to get some of the preliminary paperwork done before we send you back to your current dimension"
You try to work out how long it’s been since the fey door dropped you between worlds while it marks some things down on the paper.
You realize that’s a pointless exercise and remember something important.
"You still haven’t told me what this is for!"
"Yes I did! It’s to become a candidate"
"A candidate for what though?"
"To be an Applicant"
"An applicant for what?"
"I can’t tell you that until you reach candidate status. Please try to keep up"
You sigh, attempt to slump back in the chair but it becomes uncomfortable fast.
You decide to plough through this experience and sit up properly.
"Alright, I’ll play along for now, what do you need?"
"We’re just going to look at pertinent incidents in your life, this can take a while and you’re life is going to be quite interesting if you manage to live through all of it, so we may as well work as you go. It will make things faster overall" 
"So you know my future?"
"Not at all, there’s a strong potential outcome for your life but all sorts of things could derail it, a butterfly's fart and all that."
"Ah wha… never mind lets get on with it"
"Good, mission oriented, yes" it ticks something on the paper in front of it.
"Right then"

It runs it’s fingers down a list.
"Grew up on a mountaintop with a large clan, never felt like you fitted in, learned to be a druid! Oh I do love magic, it is such a brilliant cover story for shenanigans, only had contact with one other sentient species then left to explore the world. Was it a good natured departure or were you run out?"
"Oh it was good natured! We had a little party and everything"
"Good, good, lawful tendencies" It ticks something else.
"Spent the next night with the other species...Dwarves, am I saying that right?"
"Yes"
"So we’ll start the next day.."

The room swims around you, suddenly your staring at the fork in the road you were at a few days ago. 
"The hells is going..."
"I told you we were going to look at incidents from your..." says the Admins voice in your head 
"I thought you meant discuss them!"
"No, no I would have said discuss if that was the case, no, we’re just going through your visual memories.." 
"I never said..."
You're looking out your own eyes and hear yourself saying
"What do you need?"
"That’s not..."
"This is the way it’s done, we’re not reliving it we’re just looking at it from your perspective, it really is the fairest way to evaluate"
"This is flaming weird!"
"To your mind currently, yes but you’ll adapt"
"I don’t think I can do this for very long"
"That’s alright we’ll just go through the first time you visited a village with other species and call it there?"
"That was a very long day"
"Well lets get to it then!"
-

“Not even a full day out from the mountain and lost already, My own fault really.” you muse “Spent the night talking with the Dwarves at the bottom of the mountain, getting all sorts of advice on dealing with other races and potential problems on the road but hadn’t once asked for directions
There’s a rumbling noise in the distance, a cart you reckon, still some distance away by the sound of it. There was only one road out from the base of the mountain and where it met the road, it was clear which lead had north and south. You had opted for South as that’s where the nearest port city should be.
The road wasn’t straight by any means, created by the passing of many travellers over centuries rather than any sort of planning. Which was fine as it was still generally heading south and it was a fine day at the cusp of Winter and Spring, everything looking fresh and new after the snows had melted.
This fork however goes off to the East and West, undoubtedly one would swing south again but which? Both of the forks seem well travelled but with no signpost for guidance, how was a person supposed to know which way was the right one?
The cart sounds nearer, might be best to wait for it and ask who ever is driving it where the roads go. 

You practice a non-threatening smile, the Dwarves had advised a big but not toothy smile and a friendly tone would likely offset the intimidation some creatures would feel meeting a 7’4, 350lb druid in the middle of nowhere.
You move to the side of the road, wouldn’t do for whoever was driving that cart to think you were blocking the road, they could mistake your intentions.
The sound of the cart was drawing closer when the peaceful ambiance is disturbed by an almighty THUNK!, then a CRACK! and much swearing in the common tongue.

You decide to amble back up the road to see what has happened. Rounding a blind corner in the road to see a human (known to be potentially dangerous things) and what looks like a gnome struggling with a cart, rigged to be hand drawn, full of cabbages.
The rear wheel is leaning outward at the top, which is preventing the human from getting the spike out to repair it. You move toward them slowly and carefully, as if approaching a dangerous animal caught in a snare.
They both stare wide eyed as they notice you approach.

 "We don't have any valuables! All we got is cabbages" the human cries out.
You stop, put your staff against a tree and continue to approach, hands empty and upturned with the non-threatening smile deployed.
"Pop, it looks like it wants to help!" whispers the Gnome.
"I do" you say in as gentle a tone you can muster
"We can’t pay you anything" says the human, still eyeing you suspiciously
Ah, must be a trader you think to yourself
"No payment required, I just want some directions in exchange"
The human raises an eyebrow, looks at the sun, the time of the day seems to persuade him. 
"Okay, you lift, I switch"

You lift the small cart up easily and the human repairs it with expert speed with the Gnomes help.
"Thanks stranger, we really need to get to the village before dark!" says the human with a grateful smile.
"Why? What happens after dark?"
An odd look passes between him and the Gnome
"I'd rather not find out! There's a big beast 'round here with a taste for people so they say" he says after a brief pause. 
He grabs the bar at the front of the cart and started pushing it along the road. 
The gnome nimbly hops into the drivers seat,
"Shouldn't you have a horse for that?"
"It got eaten by something a few weeks back"
You retrieve your staff as you pass it.
"What kind of something"
"Only saw it off in the distance, four paws from the tracks, could've been a bear but they're rare 'round here. Couple of us lost animals to it so we're planning a hunt tomorrow. There have been a few travellers found mauled and half eaten too"
"No Locals?"
"No, but that said we're usually in our homes come nightfall so it may be because of that"
"What road were these travellers on?"
"Oh, either side of the village, bit of a coincidence there, they all chose to press onto their destinations rather than spend the night in the village, then watch patrols found them dead. Months between the kills mind."
"So I might be safe enough pressing on myself?"
 "Probably, you don't exactly look like easy prey for anything"

You look at the sun, it would be evening soon so the sensible move would be to go to this village and spend the night in some comfort.
That said there was the problem of being a stranger in a country village.
"Are strangers welcome in this village of yours?"
"Of course, we're not on a main highway but the village gets enough travellers to keep Gharesh`'s inn in business. He gets a bit miffed when people choose to press on to be honest"

You notice the Gnome looking at you with a quizzical expression for a moment before it produces a book from a bag under its seat and starts flipping through it.
He stops holds up the book, stares again, shakes his head and goes back to flipping.
"Is there a problem Gnome?" you ask in a cheerful tone, apparently the stories of Gnomes inquisitive nature were true.
"I'm not a Gnome!" he replied outraged "I'm a human!"
"Sorry, I didn't realize humans started so small!"
"This is my son, gnomea- Norman!" says the human with a grin turning his head slightly to keep it concealed from his son.
"Ah apologies Norman, what's with the book?"
"It's Sentient Races of the World, I can't find anything like you in it, why?
You pull the most grotesque face you can think of.
"We eat anyone who see us!" you say with a monstrous snarl.
The child defeats your attempt at menacing him with an Eye Roll of Disdain +2,
(Errata: Can only be deployed by a child (any species) confronted by an adult (any species) attempting humour.)
"Oh! Maybe you're under U for unfunny?"
His father tries to stifle a laugh but fails.
You stare blankly at the child for a moment, stunned at how quickly you’ve been defeated in a battle of wits by a comparative infant.
"Now, now Norman, have some manners. The stranger didn't have to help us with the cart" 
"They started it!"
"And you finished it, let it be."
With a nod of acknowledgement to Norman for a blow well struck you decided to change the topic.

"So if I pass through this village of yours I might get to hunt a big scary creature tomorrow?" you ask the father in a hopeful tone.
"Uh, that's one way of looking at it I s'pose"
"That's the my peoples way of looking at everything!" you say with a grin.
"Well talk to the watch about it if you’re coming. I doubt they’ll have any problem with it but best be sure"
You had set out for adventure and boom! 
One's landed right in your lap! 
You decide to continue on with the humans.


"So looking back at this now what do you think?"
"I think they played me like a damn fiddle"
"Would you have done anything different if you had realised they were influencing you"
You think for a moment
"Not with the information I had then, I’d have gone with it to see what they were up to anyway"
"That’s a dangerous kind of curiosity!"


Your little group walk in a comfortable silence for a bit, the land has been cleared and walled off for agriculture, the walls are not of even bricks laid out and concreted but rather rocks piled in no discernible order, held together by their own weight.
If anything this took a lot more skill than the Dwarven methods.
You realize the carts wheels aren’t making any noise, you step closer, it’s been muted by some sort of magical affect, the normal sounds of the countryside, that gentle hum of life is gone too. You eye the terrain suspiciously for the source of the magic affect, hand drifting to your dagger.
The humans don’t seem perturbed at all though. 

"Normally this quiet?" you ask after a few moments. 
You can nearly see how far your words carry before something smothers them. 
The father nods
"Yup this part of the road is an ancient battlefield, one side had lots of mages and few soldiers, the other, the reverse. So instead of getting into a hopeless spell war, the others just cast one huge Silence spell and had their soldiers kill them"
"And it’s still in affect today? That’s some power"
“Scholars that have visited the old ruins reckon they used some blood sacrifices to power it. It’s slowly fading though in my grandfathers day you couldn’t hear at all and it's effects stretched back to that fork in the road"
"Blood sacrifice? Who were the sides?"
"That’s the odd thing, no one's sure, it wasn’t part of any war, popular theory is that it was some sort of religious dispute but which one is anyone's guess"
Now you look at the fields speculatively.
"Any chance there’s some ancient loot buried out there?"
"Doubt it, how long ago was it Norman?"
"Ms Ham says it was 982 years ago, she uses it in sums"

"You have a school?"
"Yep the Alliance set them up in every decent sized village, they say it's benevolent but it's really so we can't plead ignorance on our tax forms"
You’ve heard of taxes, you agree with the theory of them but you have yet to see the results.
(When the Alliance had surrendered to your clan many years ago, taxation was the first thing discussed. Chief had done away with it. It was impractical to send collection agents up the mountains, he'd told the alliance, they will just keep "falling" off the mountain.)

Norman pipes up from the cart.
"Aha! Found you!"
"Great! What's it say?"
"Don't get mad!"
"What?"
"You're listed as a rare sub-species of Orc, savage man eaters that live exclusively on mountain ranges"
 "Huh.... who wrote this and where do I find them?" 
"Why?"
"They're going to printing a retraction I when I get a hold of them!"
The kid shrugs
"The thing on the back says printed by Nathars Printworks in Darkwater city, some one called Sebastian wrote it"
The village comes into view, it's protected with palisades and you can make out two guards standing by a large gate.
You decide you better sort out the practicalities now you’re there.
"How much is the Inn?"
"He usually charges a copper a night, you'll likely need the room over the stables for large folk though, that costs two" 
"Seems fair"
"Oh he'll try to charge more like, but that's what he usually ends up taking" the father says with a grin and a wink.

As you draw closer to the gate, you see one guard coming to attention and start walking towards you.
The other doesn’t budge, they’re leaning against the gate post, head down, the horns on their helmet are pointing right at you, a tail poking through their armour seems to be acting as a sort of support
"Is the other one asleep?" you ask the humans.
That would never be tolerated in your clan and this village was far more open to an attacking force.
"That's Leiana, best not disturb her, she's a barbarians temper, probably the best fighter in the village too"
 "Is she a wizard too pop?" asks Norman "Not that I know of, why?"
"Isiah said she turned the last bandits into women" 
"Isiah thinks he's funny, I wouldn't pass to much heed of him lad"

"Who goes there?" 
The approaching guard calls though from the tone he seems to know the answer and isn’t too worried about it.
"Ho there Narish! Only us and this stranger, helped me fix a wheel on the road"
A burly looking human, in scale male that's obviously seen combat, tilts his spear in your direction.
"What's your business here big jobs?" he asks with a mirthless smile.
"They told me there’s a monster hunt happening in the morning. I’d like to sign up"
"Aye, there's sum'it 'round 'ere needs manners put on it. Some folk going to try and track it tomorrow, if you're about. There's no pay mind, and the village gets the remains but it might be a bit of fun"
The Father pipes up
"Ah I’m sure there will be a few pints at the inn afterwards"
"Good enough for me" you reply with a smile.
You seem to be making friends, this is a good start to your adventures!

"Good, here's the rules for entering the village, surrender all piercing weapons, bar eating tools to Leiana over there, you get 'em back when you leave.
No stealing, fighting or other criminal behaviour.
You sleep at the Inn.
If there's a problem, you find a guard, don't deal with it yourself, understand?"
It all seems reasonable to you.
"Understood"

You go over to Leiana, as you approach you realize the horns on her helmet are actually poking through!
Part of her, not the helmet!
She lifts her head up as you approach, stares at you balefully for a second, resentful of having her rest disturbed with work apparently.
Then she opens a lock box, stands back, gestures at the box with one hand and produces an unfeasibly large crossbow with the other.

"Weapons"
She watches you thoughtfully as you disarm "You down for the hunt?"
"It does sound like fun" you say with a grin.
"Ah! You are from the mountain! I thought so" She lowers her voice
"Listen, everyone who was attacked or lost cattle, had a row with someone in the inn beforehand. Different people every time mind, but if you'd oblige by having a row with someone we might draw it out before these idiots hunt!"
"Why would I do that? I’d be cheating people out of a hunt and maybe doing myself out of a warm bed for the night, I know it sounds mercenary but what's in it for me?" 
Her eyes widen with sudden rage
"What's in for you? How 'bout protecting the innocent? How 'bout avenging the fallen? How about I won't show you my famous magic trick, you greedy shite!"
Her voice is low but the fury in it is barely contained.
She aims the crossbow, low.
"OH!" says Norman "I get it!"

Just as quickly as it appeared the rage disappears at the sound of the child's voice
"How about if you like that kid you might want to help, so I don't have to go tell 'im his idiot father got eaten hunting a monster"
Behind you, Norman is having a giggle fit over the "Magic" trick.
You ponder this for a minute, your new friends might be upset about missing a hunt but they would be alive to be upset.
However the sudden aggression makes you feel like you should extract some sort of price for your egos sake more than sense of avarice.
"I want it's hide" you demand, keeping your voice as low as hers.
She shrugs
"Sure, I want this thing dealt with, what happens to it afterwards is up to you. On your way now"
You head in to the village with the humans.

"We're going to the stables to pass this load on to the daft dwarf if you want to come with?" says the father. 
"The daft Dwarf?"
"Yeah, he’s a brewer that’s convinced he can make beer from cabbages"
"Uh, he hasn’t brought samples has he?" 
"Probably" he answers with a rueful smile
"Yeah... I should probably have a look at the stores and see if they have any equipment I might need tomorrow" 
"Coward" he says with a grin "Inns down there" he points off to the right "We stay with friends so if we aren’t there later we’ll see you in the morning. If you go straight ahead there’s a square, there’s only a few merchants but you might find some interesting things. There’s a tour of the original settlement too, though I’m not sure that’s open today" 
"Fare thee well for now then"
"Aye, we’ll see you soon enough"

You make your way over to the village square.
It's a small but busy place, there's a smithy, a general store/messenger post, an old well with a sign beside it, a small book store, a church, an Alliance bulletin board in front of a small barracks.
Wait! A bookshop! You’d heard of these places but to finally see one!
You have to crouch to enter the shop. 
Floor to ceiling bookshelves line the walls, there's a mound of books in the centre, you presume there's a table under it. 
This is exactly what you thought one would look like! 
Oh happy day!

A small creature appears from behind the central mound.
 "Welcome to Hedges & Fruits! I'm Bobkins! How may I help?"
“Okay, now this one has to be a gnome!” you think to yourself though it’s skin is much darker than the illustrations of them you have seen.
You remember your dithering at the fork in the road. 
"Got any maps?"
The gnome stars scurrying around the shop throwing books of various sizes on the mound in front of you.
"Maps? I have many maps! Nautical maps! Road Maps! Maps of trade routes! Maps of ancient kingdoms and lands that exist no more!"
"How about one of the world as it is now "
"Most recent world map book we have is 30 years old and 3 gold a Map of the Continent is only a silver!"
"This continent isn't the world?" 

You really don’t have a grasp of the geography, you knew there were countries and they were part of a continent but after that you were lost.
Gaining knowledge about that sort of thing is one of the reasons you left the Clan in the first place.

"Not at all! T’is but one of several continents on this planet, though it is easily the best, despite what the lizards say, but I digress. Are you looking for a particular place?" 
"The Isle of Monsters"
"Ah due south east! The Map of the Continent is what you need!"
"You know something, I plan to travel for quite a while, I’ll take the World map book"
"If you have the money for it, it’s all yours"
"I do, now do you have anything about the different races.." 
You talk for what seems like an age with this enthusiastic little gnome.
He is knowledgeable, quite interesting and a hell of a trader. 

By the time you leave the store with a large, even by your half giant standards, tome 
(You're pretty sure you could kill something with it) and a few other books, the last two of which you really just bought to keep talking to Bobkins about books and the world, you find it's grown dark.
The gate guards are moving through the town lighting torches, curtains are drawn, the smithy is closed up and there are shutters being put on the store
You wander over to have a look at the Alliance bulletin board.

The board holds notices about tax changes, regulations about cart axle size and other minutiae.
There are appeals for information on the "Unknown Creature" and a warning about travelling solo while it's at large. 
There's a few wanted posters too, mainly for bandits and murderers which you memorize just in case you come across them in your travels.
It’s gotten too dark to read the smaller notices, the square is now bathed in the dim light of the torches the guards lit earlier but you don’t see any people around.
It’s enough to see where you're going but that’s about it. 

You’re a bit surprised at how much darker it is at night in the village than it is on the mountain top.
In the distance you can hear people in the inn, the strains of a stringed instrument and laughter. Makes sense to you that they would congregate there, besides the church there doesn’t seem much else to do of an evening around here.

You decide to check out the well before you head over there.
The sign beside it reads
"Old settlement Tours
1 silver per head
Ask in General store"
In large letters, in much smaller writing below that, it says:
"Unguided access is punishable by a fine, ask at watch house for details"

As you approach, you realize it's disused, no bucket and rope, the mechanism's still there but it's old and rotten looking.
You feel disturbed ground at your feet and that leads you to notice rope marks on the side of the well. 
Someone has climbed down there recently.
The general store is closed, so you couldn’t really ask them for a tour now and there doesn’t seem to be anyone about, looks like there's a chance for a little adventure before bedtime.
You unlimber your pack, putting away your books and getting your climbing gear out.
Your imagination is alight with the notion of finding some ancient loot.

As you unwind your rope a voice comes from behind you, causing you to jump slightly.
"I wouldn't do that stranger, there's a big fine for people who go down to the old fort alone"
It's Bobkins from the bookshop, he’s wearing a coat and an odd little hat, must be on his way home.
"Whys that?" you say once you’ve regained your composure somewhat
"It's a safety thing mainly, just ask at the store and they will bring you down"
"Have people been hurt?"
"Few people over the years, The old fort gets tight in places and there's always a danger of tunnel collapse, it's prone to flooding too. The storeman's clan mapped it out centuries ago, they give tours for a silver" 
"So no loot?"
"After centuries? I doubt it but you never know. I'll leave you to it, anyone asks I saw nothing"
He winks and heads off towards the gate on the other side of the village.

You have a quick think, you left your clan for adventure and all you’ve done so far was get confused at a fork in a road and bought some books.
Besides you have money and fines just mean it’s okay if you can pay.
You drive a spike into the ground, secure your rope and begin to descend.
Your eyes adjust to the darkness about halfway down, after about 30 feet you reach the bottom.

There are two exits from here, to the right there’s a small hatch you'll have to crawl to get in and to the left another, bigger archway.
As you ponder which way to go, you hear voices above 
"Here pull out that spike"
"We could just ask 'em to come up"
"Things bigger than an Orc! I'm not fighting it! Chuck the rope down and when they call for help the guards will sort 'em"
Your rope falls down around you.
You suppress a bout of swearing, deciding it would be best not to be at the bottom of the well if the watch are coming. You may be able to bluff your way out of trouble later. That said if they come down they would likely go through the larger opening, so you opt to crawl through the small hatch to the right instead.

Gathering your rope, you crawl through the hatch to the right. 
The cover closes behind you with an audible click. 
You can’t turn around anyway so you have to keep going.
You soon have to go down on your belly and pull yourself along but eventually you see an opening ahead.
The tunnel narrows even further ahead, you take off your pack and wrap the straps around your right leg.
Turning on your side you drag yourself and your pack along, using your staff to gain a bit more purchase, soon you can just make out an opening ahead.

You start to relax a little when you suddenly feel a wave of cold air, followed by the noise of.. water?
The opening ahead fills with a surge of rushing water, you're almost totally immersed before you can act. The water is freezing cold, it’s a shock to your system, you drop your staff as panic grips you.
Your pack is being propelled backwards by the water and you with it!
You fight to free yourself as the water swiftly starts to cover your head, you have to stop trying to untie it!

You pull a dagger and slice the strap, you push off and bang your head of the tunnels ceiling, your head did break water though!
You manage to flip onto your back, you feel your lips break water for a mere second. You get to inhale one breath before the tunnels is completely filled.
Your fingers can't gain purchase on the slimy surface of the roof, but pushing your palms against it you manage to propel your self towards the chamber ahead slightly, gaining inches each time.
Push!
Your joints start to hurt.
Push!
Your muscles start burning.
Push.
Your ears fill with a high pitched whine, the urge to exhale is over whelming you.
Pus..
Your vision starts to blur, your eyes feel like they are going to pop
Pu...
Finally your lungs give up.
The breath you were holding explodes out of you, your last words a garbled “No!”... 
and the water disappears.
You scramble the rest of the way out into a small stone chamber, gasping and soaking wet.

After a few minutes of retching and swearing you start to recover enough to take in your surroundings.
You notice there's one way out, a door with a flame carved on it.
Carved in the common tongue on the wall opposite are the words
"What Sustains Can Destroy"
Paranoid now and trying to keep busy so you can generate some heat, you hunt for any sign of traps.
Pressure plates or trip wires, oddly coloured stones anything that could trigger a second flood.
You don't find any traps, there are however, tiny holes all over the walls but there's only mildly cold air coming out of them.

You look back into the crawl-way and see that you staff had turned sideways and wedged against the sides of the tunnel stopping your pack going all the way back down to the entrance.
You quickly crawl through and recover it.
Having retrieved your gear you feel better despite being cold and damp.
You decide to check the door out for wires or other trap indicators but you find nothing. The room gets ever colder,
You notice there’s no handle on the door It gets even colder.
You try shoving the door it doesn't budge, you start to shiver.
“OH!” 
You realize that this isn't a trap room but rather a puzzle room. 
You used to love reading about these! You were always good at spotting the flaws in the design. 

Now that you have figured out what the room is, the solution is rather dull, whoever designed it left you to much time to think after the water.
Why am I complaining about not being killed quick enough? you berate yourself.
You realize the cold is starting to affect your faculties. 
Through chattering teeth you recite a quick incantation, literally the first one druids learn. It creates a small flame, normally used to start campfires and hold it against the door.

There's a brief red glimmer and the door slowly opens, the cold air stops blowing.
Ahead is a corridor, It's seems to be carved out of dark warm earth but there doesn't seem to be any kind visible supports keeping it from collapsing.
You stand for a few minutes, enjoying the warmth, once your limbs start feeling warmer, despite being damp you decide to press on, you've survived this far and there's not likely to be this sort of protection around nothing.

You shoulder your pack, grab your staff and after tapping the ground in front of you as far as the staff can reach in case of traps. 
You step through the door way.
After moving on a few steps the door swings shut behind you.
You're not too surprised by this and continue to move on cautiously,
There's a “ssshh” sound from behind you.
The earth of the tunnel has collapsed a short distance behind you, blocking the door completely!
You feel a small seismic shudder and the walls start to collapse slowly, falling earth coming into the tunnel like a wave breaking.
The collapse picks up speed, the wave pushing towards you.
Running is your only option!

You race forward, earth silently swallowing the path behind you, the displaced air giving you an extra little shove. Ahead you see a pale blue light, you force your tired limbs to work just a little harder to get to it.
You come to a door, on it there are four elemental symbols, Fire, earth air and water, on a sliding mechanism, you clearly have to put them in some sort of order. The cascading earth draws nearer
The mechanism seems to be well oiled, the symbols slide easily about.
You think fast, the push of the displaced air from behind you tells you there's little time before you're buried alive. Earth, Fire, Water, Air
Nothing happens.
"Shit, shit, shit" you swear aloud "Other way round!" 
Air, Water, Fire, Earth!
Nothing happens
You can feel the earth closing in behind you.
Water, Air
The earth presses against your back.
Fire,
You're pushed right against the door, your hand on the final symbol, you manage to twist slightly as the push of the earth becomes immensely painful and slot the last one into place.
Earth!
The door swings open!

You fall through it pushed by the force of the Earth, into a circular chamber of hewn stone. It's empty bar three slabs of granite that form a simple altar at it's centre.
It's covered in arcane symbols of sustenance and destruction.
A voice booms out of the silence
"Congratulations, you have passed...the initiation!" 
You scan the room...
...there's definitely no one here.
A beam of light shines down on the altar and a bejewelled silver ring appears.
"Take your ring and be known henceforward to all as an ally of our cause!"
You take the ring and hold it up in the light to see it better.
A fanfare of trumpets sound in the room.
That's decidedly odd.

The ring is a band of what looks to be high quality silver. There are two jewels on it, one red, one green, you're not sure what kind of jewels they are, you haven't seen anything quite like them before.
Part of the stone wall at the far end of the chamber slides to one side revealing a staircase. You hear the disembodied voice again: "Remember initiate, red for friend, green for death"
"Uh, okay" you reply to the voice.

While it's clear that whatever runs this place expects you to leave, you decide to give the chamber a thorough going over in case there are other secret doors with loot and such. 
You scour the chamber for a good half hour but all you find is a very shiny shiny pebble.
One of the Dwarves had advised you to find a pet rock for long and lonely parts of the road
"It might seem mad but it's slightly less mad than talking to yourself"
You will love it and squeeze it and call it George you decide.


"It wasn't really about loot was it?"
You have thought back to this moment a few times since and had arrived at a conclusion,
"No, it was a safety measure, it's easy to talk of adventure but I wasn't truly sure I had it in me. This gave me a chance to check if I could manage alone. If I didn't then the watch or the store men could rescue me, I could return with the books to the Clan and a tale. I could say I was using the books to plan my next venture better then just "forget" to go"
"So that dangerous curiosity is tempered with some caution.
Good"
"Good?"
"There's a line between dangerous and stupid, a good candidate knows where it is, a bad candidate, well they're not candidates for long"

You happily leave the chamber with your new friend and find the stairs lead up to a hidden exit behind currently unoccupied outhouses at the rear of the inn,
The time of day has passed from twilight to night proper. The church might still be open, who ever trapped you in the well might still be about too but the inn is right there and you have had a hell of a day..


"That's not the last part of this days events though is it?" 
"Oh I didn't know it but I was only about about half through this nightmare of a day"



Gods and Monsters


"So you entered the Tavern..."
"Hang on your skipping some time there"
"I don't need to see you cleaning yourself up and going about you digestive evacuations unless you had some great revelation while squatting in the out house?"
"No, it was my first time using one though"
 "Really what did you do bef.... no, we're getting off track here, lets get on, despite appearances time is still a thing in here.."
"Yeah and it occurs to me actually watching myself poop is probably not going to be comfortable"
"So you straightened yourself out as much as someone who has nearly drowned, nearly been frozen to death and almost buried alive all in hour could and headed into the Inn...

Inside the tavern you find it's a large open space with tables evenly spaced around it, there's a bar at the opposite end, a fireplace with a small platform around it where a thin human is tuning a lyre.

You spot Bobkins the book store owner in a corner reading something as he eats a surprisingly large looking dinner, while most of the other customers are human there's a handful of different races eating at various tables.
"Ho there stranger, come over and let us know you better!" A large human calls out from behind the bar.
"I am Garnish, proprietor of this establishment!"
As you approach you notice he looks down at his hands, his eyes widen slightly.
"Friend... you seem a canny sort so I'll not waste time haggling, it's 2 cp for a room over the stable and 2cp for a dinner big enough for someone your size! 
There’s a special deal tonight too! Tell us a story of your people I'll give you a free pint!"
You shake his hand and pass the coin, you opt to take a seat at the bar rather than intrude on strangers, the stool creaks slightly but not enough to worry you.

Soon you find yourself well fed, warm and in the company of friendly barfly's who are very curious about your people, though not curious enough to buy you a drink, you note. The unfortunate side affect of that curiosity is that you learn very little about the village or the monster that preys on it as you field a lot of questions, mainly about your peoples food and drinks, though there are one or two thinly veiled inquiries about trading opportunities.
Their disappointed reaction when you say your people usually just trade with dwarves implies they either weren't selling quality goods or were looking for naive buyers.

 After a while the musician strikes up a fast paced bawdy tune, you can't quite follow it, something about a ship with a Venus whatever that is but it seems to be a popular, the crowd clap and chant along with it.
When it's done a young lady gets up and sings a ballad, it's beautiful but not in a language you understand 
"Possibly Elvish?" you muse.
As she walks up to the bar and demands a wine rather than a free beer, which causes Garnish's face to do some interesting contortions, the bard starts playing a gentle tune.
You try to sneak a look at her ears to see if they are pointed as she passes but her long hair covers them.

The Bards tune picks up pace and soon you find yourself marvelling at the speed of his hands and how he combines three different melodies into a fourth. He finishes to a polite round of applause, you were amazed but you figure the crowd here may have heard that a lot.
"Now" says the Bard "We have a traveller from the mountains here with us tonight, I wonder if they could be prevailed upon to tell us a story?"
Everyone is looking at you, the barfly's pat you on the back encouraging you to hop up, story telling is a normal part of a night on the mountains so you're not as nervous as some might have been,
You decide to tell the story of How Chief Headbutted a Dragon.
(Note This tale is told again later in the chronicle, you can hear it then)

The story is well received by the people in the Inn and a few call for another, the barkeep shakes his head and gives you the promised free beer. It tastes like watered down Dwarven ale.

Bobkins sends over a better one to you as a thank you for your business, you pass the watered one to a nearby bar fly when the barman isn't looking.
"Must have really overpaid for that tome" you think to yourself "Ah well, nothing to be done about it now"

As you drink and listen to the people talk you notice two voices that sound familiar. the pair that trapped you down the well are over in a far corner, trying to avoid your gaze. You remember the gate guard asking you to get into a row, to draw out the monster that was preying on travellers as it was the only thing connecting the victims.
You walk over calm but deliberately slowly, making sure to make eye contact with them as you do.
You take an empty chair from a table as you pass, letting its legs drag on the floor as you approach.
The musicians fade their tune out as they sense something in the offing.

One of them is getting all wild eyed,
"I wonder if I can make him wet himself" you think to yourself, after what happened under the well, you're feeling vindictive.
The other is sitting up straight, puffing out his pitiful human chest, trying to hide his fear but failing.
"He'll be the one to throw the first punch" you think "As long as I can draw him past his fear into doing it" 
You label them piss and puff in your head.
The inn goes quiet as you bring the dragged chair to a stop.
You keep eye contact at all times with the one trying to be brave.

You sit down slowly, place your beer on the table and gently but audibly exhale.
"What?" cries out Puﬀ "We didn't do nuﬃn!'"
You make eye contact and raise your eyebrows slowly. 
"You shouldn't have been down there!" he continues. 
"I said you should ask him to come up!" says Piss remorsefully to Puff.
"I...I..I don't have to put up with this!" stammers Puﬀ, your silence is definitely unnerving him. 
He rises to leave, Piss does the same.
Maintaining eye contact, you slowly lift your stein and take a very long slow drink.

They seem frozen in the spot, you haven't moved to stop them, the lack of actual confrontation really seems to messing with their poor little noggins. 
The rest of the Inn don't know why your putting the wind up these two but they are enjoying the show apparently as the quiet hum of the Inn turns to a hushed silence falling over the bar. 
The only sound now is the

“Gulp”

“Gulp”

“Gulp”
from your throat as you slowly drain your drink still staring at Puﬀ.

"C'mon you little shit, do something!" you think to yourself, it's getting hard not to blink.
You place the empty stein on the table slowly and gently. putting it down with a thud would have ruined the affect your silence was having.
You sit back in the chair, leaving a space for Puﬀ to move into if he wanted to try his luck.
He shifts his weight to his back leg. Your eyes are getting sore at this point
"Come on!" you think, willing Puﬀ to throw a punch. 
Then, despite your best effort, you blink involuntarily, the spell breaks. they flee immediately.
"What's up with them?" you say aloud for the benefit of your audience.
There's general laughter, you move around the table to face the people behind you and the doors.
You had been hoping to provoke a fight but a minor, albeit personally satisfying, disturbance would have to do.


"This is interesting indeed" says Admin scratching something on the paper in front of it "You could have walked over and confronted them about their actions directly. That would have sparked the fight you wanted, most likely"
"Yes but then I would have been the aggressor, even if they threw the first punch I could still get in trouble with the law. This way if we had to go in front of a judge what could they say? The stranger sat down, had a beer and didn't say a word?"
"The guard gate did ask you to get into a confrontation so you did have permission of sorts" 
"I had no idea if they were still on duty and I couldn't be a totally sure it wasn't some sort of scam to bilk strangers out of money through fines"
"Mindful of local legalities and wary of potential corruption in law enforcement" 
"That good or bad?"
"You'll find out, later, lets move on..."


The people at the nearest table are giggling about the confrontation. 
"Who were those guys" you ask them, you're pretty sure you know but best to confirm
"They work at the store, they think they're tough guys but they couldn't fight their way past a wet fart" offers a local. "They'll be back with the store boss, they like to hide behind him when someone stands up to them. It's a bit of a problem for us, we have to do business with him, but you, stranger, well, lets say no one will interfere if things take a turn for the violent"
Garnish, the innkeeper has ambled over to clear the table.
 "Stranger, I don't know what's between thee and them but I'd be grateful if you'd refrain from breaking any furniture" he says in a low voiced but friendly manner.

Outside the Inn you can hear raised voices on the street.
 People start moving around the Inn, all trying to look nonchalant as they mostly move out of range of any trouble but not to far.
Some of the tougher looking ones move closer, with quiet smiles.
You're going to have to keep an eye out for them throwing sneaky punches into the fray if it gets violent.

They don't have to wait long for action, the inn doors burst open
The two come in with a large man, in heavy robes and a gold chain, and Narish the guard.
"That’s 'im! Arrest 'im Narish!" cries out Puﬀ
"For the third damn time! Arrest 'im for what?"
You resist the urge to correct the 'im part of the statement but the assumption is beginning to grate on your nerves. 
"Looking at us,! All mean like!"
"I'd suggest disturbing the peace" offers the robed man in a polite but firm tone.

You take in the situation, the guard is Narish the first one you met at the gate and probably knows what the other guard Leiana asked of you, arresting you could reveal that and cause issues for him locally. 
You also didn't actually do anything, you'd tried to provoke a fight with sheer intimidating looks but that wasn't a crime in any place you'd ever read about.
"Actually they disturbed my peace" you say calmly, keeping your tone calm and polite too. 
"What do you mean?" asks Narish.
"I sat down with my beer, before I even got a word out, not even so much as hello, that one started screaming about not taking something any more and ran out the door." Piss looks embarrassed.

Narish looks around the inn
"That true?" he asks the watching crowd
There's a brief murmur in the crowd, an answer is being debated apparently.
"Every word the stranger said is true" says Garnish presenting his words like lawyer in court. 
The crowd mutter a pleased assent.
"Besides, why would I have an issue with these people? I only got here a few hours ago"
"That's true too" pipes up Bobkins "he came straight to my shop to get some maps, wouldn't need those if he's been here before."

"I don't know what your game is here lads but I've a mind to run you in for wasting my time!" says Narish crossly.
"Now, now, lets not be hasty" interjects the robed man "I'm sure something happened here"
"Like what? The big 'uns are new in town, why would they want to fall out with your men?"
"Maybe something happened in the store?"
"Never been there, by the time I left the book store they were closed" you reply smugly.
"That's true too!" calls Bobkins gleefully.

The robed man glowers at him, you think you even hear him growl quietly, no love lost there apparently.
"Right that's it drunk and disorderly! says Narish "Come along now"
He grips the two men by their collars.
"You can pick them up in the morning" Narish tells the robed man.
"Oh I think they might be better off spending a few nights in the clink! It's not just your time these fools wasted!" 
"What? Dad! Please, You can't leave us there were your family!" whines Piss
"It's called tough love son"
"Wait! Wait! I know why they were angry" says Puﬀ desperately
"Whys that then?" asks Narish impatiently. 
"Because we trapped them in the well!" says Puﬀ triumphantly.

There's an "Oohh" sound from the crowd.
You look around at the walls and roof in mock confusion as to how you got there.
"Why would you even do that?" you ask in an inquisitive tone.
" 'cos no one goes down there without paying us!" yells Piss, the fear of days in jail and the crowds attention obviously overwhelming him.

The inn goes deathly quiet as the crowd wait for the next question to be asked
"So IF, someone went down there without paying you, you trap them there?" you ask quickly, keeping your tone inquisitive rather than accusatory.
The crowd in the inn and Narish the guard lean forward....
The robed man interrupts
"No, no we wouldn't do that at all, bad for business!"
"But you said..."
"That's enough! We're very sorry for the misunderstanding stranger!"
He grabs the other two and tries to leave Narish blocks his path
"Oh we are far from done here!" 
"How dare you!"

You remember Bobkins told you some people had died down that well.
As the man starts to bluster your shadow engulfs him. 
Beforehand you were sitting a short distance away, now all 7'4" 350 odd lbs of carved from stone looking you is standing over him.
He visibly deflates.
"Lets all go to the watch house and discuss this further" says Narish.
"Want me to come with you" you ask, thinking that three people were a bit much for a guard to handle alone.
"We'll need a statement but we won't be holding you" confirms Narish.

Leiana the guard that asked you to cause a disturbance in the first place, comes through the doors behind Narish
"What is happening here?"
"This lot had a problem with the big 'un and came got me, in the heat of the discussion they confessed to deliberately trapping people in the well unless they paid them money" "Well that answers a few questions I've had about the goings on round here"
The robed man attempts to offer a defence for himself. 
"I can't be held responsible for the actions of rogue employees" he declares.
"Rogue? They were your orders!" squeaks Piss, outraged. 
The two guards look at each other like kids who found the cookie jar open and unattended.
"Lets go to the watch house and sort all this out then, come on stranger, we'll need that statement"

As you all exit, Puﬀ, in a fit of apparent madness makes a break for it.
You grab the collars of the two remaining suspects and lift them off their toes in case they have notions of joining him. Leiana brings her crossbow to bear on the fleeing man. The twang of the crossbow firing and the scream of the would be escapee occur almost simultaneously.

Narish saunters towards him at a gentle pace.
"Well that was dumb, wasn't it?" he says to the would be fugitive, who tries to grab the bolt by the shaft and screams more in rage than pain.
"Stay still, I'll check the wound"
Narish draws a dagger and cuts away the cloth around the bolt, which pierced the suspects right buttock.
He makes a low whistle of admiration "Just through the skin, no real muscle damage"

You all move onward as Narish helps the wounded man hobble to the watch house in the square.
The watch house has a very simple layout, a front office with a high desk and some sort of office behind it, a waiting area opposite holds racks of weapons along the wall though they are locked in place with a sturdy looking iron bar and padlock mechanism.
Straight past the desk is a small corridor with heavy iron bound doors which you assume are the cells, though the doors seem a bit much for a quiet country village.
Behind the front desk sits a dour looking, elderly half elf.

"What's this?"
Narish fills him in.
The half elf looks at you thoughtfully.
"Any one else having sudden bouts of honesty with you?"
You remember Garnish opting not to haggle about the rooms, after he'd looked at his hands...
You produce your ring, its green stone is glowing.
"Huh" says the half-elf and pulls another ring out of the drawer.
It's red stone is glowing and red on yours starts glowing too.
"As I thought" he mutters.
Narish interrupts.
"Sarge, can I borrow the big 'un for a minute. I need to get this one to the healer and he's getting no lighter"
The half elf looks at the wounded man, despite the relatively harmless location of the wound, he really does look unwell.
"S'pose he can't sit with that sticking out his arse" he sighs pointing at the silver tipped bolt. 
He looks at you
"Straight back here after mind, we have business you and I" 
You nod, intrigued.
You pick up the wounded man, cradling him like a small child.
Narish directs you to the church across the square.

The sign over the Church door reads "Love All and All will Love"
As you enter a bearded man greets you
"Greeting stranger! Who would you like to worship today"
As a druid you really don't do the praying to gods thing though the occasional negotiation with small fey creatures may count in some peoples books.
You realise the church didn't have a particular gods name or figure on the outside.
"What god do you worship here?" you ask intrigued.
"All the gods lawful to neutral, we have small shrines to each through that door, we also have a small oak grove out back for the Druidic or shamanic traditions. Of course we expect a small donation for upkeep from our visitors"
A donation tin appears in his hand so fast you almost mistake its appearance for magic. Narish interrupts.
"Uh Arvett he's carrying a wounded man in need of healing"
"Oh, you should have said! This ones aura masked him from me"
You notice the priests eyes are a milky white, he's blind! 

The man suddenly becomes much heavier, he's passed out! 
Arvett guides you into a small chamber with shelves full of poultices.
"How many wounds?" Arvett asks 
"One, Leiana shot him in the arse"
"Non fatal again! Good! She's getting the hang of leaving 'em alive for trial"
"Only took a year and a bit" adds Narish proudly.

Placing the wounded man on a bench you watch fascinated as the blind man effortlessly navigates the room touching various jars and tools until he finds what he wants.
The fool, (You've mentally removed the moniker Puﬀ from him, fool seems more accurate now) moans in pain,
"A blind healer?" you whisper to Narish.
"A sighted idiot?" retorts Arvett, his hearing is apparently fine.
"Uh... sorry" you say blushing.

Arvett waves off your apology.
"Happens fairly regular, though usually with kids. Long story short I was always complaining about the horrors I witnessed in the world so my god spared me from having to witness any more"
"Sounds harsh"
"Made me a much better healer and person truth be told, now lets fix this idiot up shall we? Hold his shoulders down, he's going to squirm as I take this out and it could cause some actual damage"
Arvett locates the wound by touch.

You notice the wounded man has a ring that's similar to yours, though the stones are different, as you gently restrain him.
Arvett clips the top of the barbed silver bolt oﬀ and slowly pulls the shaft out.
As the crossbow bolt is removed, the fools moans start to turn into angry growls.
"Now, now we're nearly done" says Arvett, as he slaps a handful of silvery green poultice on the wound.

The wounded man lets out a furious howl
His body contorts with spasms so fierce you struggle to hold him.
He suddenly gets much stronger! You can't hold him any more!
You leap back behind Arvett and Narish and watch in horror.
The man's body grows in size, thick hairs erupt through his skin, his head starts to make cracking sounds as his jaw contorts.
"Thought as much" says Arvett calmly "Kill him"
You don't hesitate, you push past Narish who's staring mouth agape and heave a mighty blow into it's ribs.
It falls off the bench as the transformation continues unabated

"Narish!" shouts Arvett "Pull yourself together! Kill it!"
Wide eyed Narish pulls his sword and strikes or rather fearfully prods it with his blade.
Arvett starts to mumble something his hands shaping a ball in the air.
A hand that's turning into a clawed paw lashes out at you and barely misses you.
A similar looking paw lashes out at Narish pushing him back a bit but doing no real damage.
You need to restrain it to have any chance at dealing with it, fortunately you know just the thing, a very functional piece of druid magic that you'd used often to trap animals for the hunters of your clan.

"Step back!" you call to Narish and Arvett, you leap back to avoid your own spell, throwing a small twig as you do.
Focusing on a point beneath the creature your reach out with your mind.
Down, deep beneath the church, the lifeblood of the world flowed and you divert some of it upwards, using the twig you threw as a focus point.
You raise your hands, to reinforce your mental drawing up of those forces.
Suddenly they manifest physically as vines and weeds shooting up from the floor beneath the creature, winding around it, grasping at it's limbs.
It struggles fiercely but it is quickly snared.

"It's trapped Arvett" you say calmly, staying focused on maintaining the spell, normally it wouldn't cost you a second thought but this is a pretty stressful situation.
"Good" he replies.
"Narish, behead it!"
Narish looks at the vines
"Uh.." he starts to speak
You and Arvett interrupt as one.
"NOW!"
He lunges forward, striking at the creature with his sword.

The vines and the creatures struggling make it hard to swing with force.
He takes out a small hand axe, he hacks and hacks the creature stops struggling, he keeps hacking and the head falls off with a squelchy thump.
"Am I in line with it?" asks Arvett, cradling a ball of fire 
"One step to your left" you advise him.
"Grab the water buckets, right of the door" he orders

You haul a dazed Narish out of the way, he loses his sword to the vines as you haul him out.
You can't tell if he's more shocked by the fools transformation or the fact he's beheaded something.
You open the door and grab a water bucket and thrust it into Narish's hands before grabbing one for yourself. 
He hugs it tight.
The air fills with the stink of burnt hair and meat as Arvett unleashes a fireball at the creatures remains, incinerating it in seconds and setting light to several other parts of the room.
You're taken aback for a moment by the sheer ferocity of it, you'd read about them but had always thought of them as akin to the explosives Dwarves used.
You were wrong, it was more akin to a volcano laying on its side and shooting lava across rather than up.

"The place is on fire idiots!" says Arvett irritably.
You dash about with the water dousing flames for a minute before stopping to take in the situation.

The rooms a mess, the vines dissipated as soon as you released the spell but the beasts remains are a charred heap that reeks of burnt hair and rotten meats.
"Lets take this up somewhere less... fragrant" suggests Arvett

You all move outside, Narish sort of shambles after you muttering to himself like a child solving a big sum.
 "How did you know he wasn't human?" you demand.
"When I lost my sight I gained a different sort of sight, I can see the energy flows in people. It's a great aid in diagnosing illnesses and the like. That thing you carried in had it's energy flow masked, at first I thought your own aura had simply hidden it but when you put it on the bench I spotted it. That sort of masking is never a good sign, usually means some sort of transforming creature.
Both of you clearly considered it to be a man so I slapped a poultice of blessed wolfs bane and powdered silver on the wound, very few were-creatures don't react to that on an open wound"
"Why didn't you warn us?"
"Wasn't sure if you knew or not, I'm sure of Narish but I don't know you and you were carrying magical artefacts and some type of dangerous creature"
"Fair" you admit after a few moments thought.

Narish suddenly sprints away!
As he hares off across the square you sigh.
"He forgot his damn sword" you say to Arvett, you head back in to the chamber.
As you retrieve his sword from beneath the charred remains of the creature you spot the ring he had been wearing.
You pick it up and examine it as you head back outside, while similar to your own the stones are black and white, also the symbols are the inverse of the ones on yours. As you step outside Arvett shouts 
"Stranger! Another one!"

A bolt of magic nails you right in the chest knocking you back onto the church steps.
Arvett hesitates, magical energy crackles around his raised hand.
"What have you become" he snarls
"ME? Nothing! I just picked up that creatures ring"
"Put it down" Says Arvett slightly calmer sounding though he keeps the spell ready.
You toss the ring to his feet.
Arvett drops the spell
"That's a powerful ring you have there, masks a creature as a human looking thing, he was human to look at right?"
You nod, feel stupid, then say
"Yes"
"If you don't mind I'll claim it and sell it on for the church upkeep fund"
He holds his hand out.

You're about to launch into a discussion with Arvett, mainly about who cares about a ring when there's nasty, magical, disguised as human, beasts roaming about, when you hear shouts of rage and the sound of things smashing coming from the watch house
Arevett looks towards the noise.
"I don't suppose that creature was alone when you apprehended it?"
"Uh, he had one friend in the bar and came back with a third and Narish"
"Narish?"
"He was there to arrest me, then arrested them instead"
"So the others?"
"Are in the watch house"
"We'd best get over there then"
"I'm really not feeling up to another fight" you warn.

You've been up since dawn, had a hell of a day, been hit with a magic missile, been fireball adjacent and it is now well past midnight.
You're exhausted

"Oh sorry" says Arvett placing a hand on your chest
He mumbles a few words, your chest feels better, but you still aren't really fighting fit.
You both head towards the watch house which now has less smashing and more angry shouting coming from it.

As you enter you see Narish facing oﬀ with Sarge, Leiana is aiming her crossbow at a cell.
"What are you doing Leiana?" you ask "What's in the cell?"
"Right now it's the slime ball that works in the store, according to Narish he could turn into a monster any minute. Either way I'm comfortable shooting him"
"Narish?"
"I told them about it and Sarge says he knows!"
"He knows?"
"He's known these things have been hiding among us"
"Huh? a bit of warning would have been nice"
The half-elf, Sarge sighs
"May as well get it all out"

He takes off a ring, his face contorts, he opens his mouth wide enough to reveal protruding fangs!
You drop into a combat stance gripping Narish's sword.
Arvett touches your arm
"What did he turn into?" he whispers
"I've only read about them but he looks like a vampire, no cloak or evil laugh though so I'm not sure"
"He's a vampire, there isn't an official dress code... doesn't look fully turned to me"

Narish and Sarge had been locked in a staring match, Narish seems to deflate all of a sudden.
He throws his axe across the floor and flounces down on a bench.
"This was supposed to be a soft number" he complains "Guard gates, see off bandits from behind nice big palisades, get the occasional freebie from a grateful public" he throws his arms in air "Now look! Everyone but me's a damn monster!"
You decide to let that go for now
"Not everyone, I'm not even a full vampire" says Sarge "The rings stop all that, usually"
"I suggest you explain in short order Sarge" says Arvett 
"A long time ago, before the time of trouble truth be told, I was part of a detachment sent to remove a nest of vampires, there were a lot more of them than reported and I was captured...''

He starts to stare off into the distance, but seems to catch himself and continues.
"They had started to turn me hoping to unleash me against my remaining comrades but I was rescued before the process was completed"
He is speaking as if reporting, you sense recalling this is painful for him.
"A wizard of Thay was in the reinforcements carrying rings like these "just in case" Bastard extorted every penny my comrades had for it"
Bobkins the book store owner appears on the steps of the watch house behind you but doesn't interrupt.
"Once I was sure I wasn't going to start killing, I returned to Dark Water, where the same wizard tried to blackmail me into spying for him on my commanders. So soon as I could, I got myself posted out here, where I was useless to them then told command what had happened by mail. It turned into a stratagem"

A pin drops.

"Over the centuries soldiers or unfortunate citizens infected or half turned by creatures like werewolves and vampires were given rings by the Lords and sent to border outposts where potential damage could be minimized and they could still live peaceful lives. I help them adjust to new lives here"
"And if an enemy attacks they find themselves facing down a horde of monsters instead of a peaceful outpost filled with farmers and the like" says Leiana not taking her eyes of the cell "Smart bastard, whoever thought of that" 
Sarge nods his head in acknowledgement.
"A light wound like that shouldn't have overcome the rings power, he either wanted to turn or something forced him out. I'd normally tend to them myself but this situation needed investigating immediately "
Arvett shuffles uncomfortably
"It's possible my poultice may have been..." 
"It definitely bloody did!!" says Narish. 

Another pin drops

"So the monsters are protected by another monster? What about the normal citizens? How can a vampire be trusted among them?"
Sarge looks at you balefully.
"Like. I. Said. I'm. Not. A..." he starts advancing on you as he speaks, then stops.
"Not today" he says, more to himself than you and puts his ring back on.
His features morph back to grumpy half elf.
"Now if you'll excuse me I have to go apologize to the two in custody for how they learned their son and brother died on my watch."
He glares at Narish.
"Then you and I are going to discuss that ring you have stranger"
"Interesting" mutters Arvett "He looks like a normal elf now, so why didn't the other one look like a normal human to me?"
Just as he turns to go to the cells Sarge stops, "Leiana! move!"

Leiana had been distracted by Sarges confession and taken her eye off the cell door when Sarge had morphed back to normal.
One of the cell doors explodes open, knocking her to the ground as a huge humanoid wolf crashes out of one cell and lunges towards Narish.
The other door also crashes down on top of her and a second wolf howls a challenge as it emerges into the corridor.

"Narish!" you shout, throwing the sword, he catches it deftly and just about gets the tip facing the wolf as it lunges at him. It howls in pain as it's own momentum carries it forward onto the blade, landing on Narish and forcing him to the ground.
It goes for a bite, Sarge leaps forward and, in a stunning feat of strength, grabs it and heaves it back down towards the cells hallway, as the second werewolf leaps onto the doors, to howl again.
From beneath them you hear Leiana scream in pain.
"Arvett!" calls Sarge "Fireball!"

Arvett begins muttering moving his hands in a circular motion, behind him you hear Bobkins from the book store also chanting something.
Realising his sword is still in the first werewolf Narish scrambles across the floor to grab his hand axe.
The second werewolf shoves the other aside and charges forward.
Arvett steps forwards his hands crafting a ball of flame, he rolls back his hands to cast it. 
He stiffens, makes a soft croaking sound and keels over.
Behind him stands Bobkins, licking bloody dagger clean he spots you watching...
"Hail Bhaal!" he shouts and attacks you with the dagger! 

He stumbles over Arvetts body, missing you completely and falling prone in front of you.
Narish and Sarge are fending off the fresh werewolf but doing no damage, the other is pulling the sword out of its chest
Behind it there's movement under the doors.
You raise a foot and bring your 350 odd lb weight straight down on Bobkins tiny gnome body with a furious roar, there's a satisfying crunching noise.

Sarge and Narish ignore what's happening, their attention is focused on fending off the werewolves, Narish is lashing out with the hand axe and Sarge is striking over his shoulder with a silvered rapier.
Narish’s armour seems to be holding well against the claws of the wolf beast but the impacts have to be doing him real damage.
"Stranger" Sarge calls not taking his eyes off his foes or ceasing his attacks
"Ring the alarm bell by the door"
You give Bobkins another heavy stomp to be sure he's not going anywhere and dive to the door for the bell.

Even as you start ringing it, you see candles were already being lit in the surrounding buildings.
As you ring people start pouring out of their houses armed with everything from spears to frying pans.

You keep ringing.

Other guards, you hadn't met, abandon their gate posts and come running
They take a second to asses the situation then pile into the watch house to help.

You keep ringing.

You see one of the wolves go down with a howl, a large bolt protruding out of its back!

Leiana is alive and taking no prisoners, firing from beneath the doors with silver tipped bolts and an eye for the most punishing wound she could inflict.

You keep ringing

The rest of the guards finish off the last wolf in a hail of spears and swords
You keep ringing
Garnish the Innkeeper comes over and gently says
 "That's enough Stranger"

Sarge surveys the damage and the fallen Arvett.
You lean against the wall, exhaustion overwhelming you.
"Take him back to the Inn" Sarge instructs Garnish and assorted onlookers.
"He's earned a rest, we'll talk it out tomorrow, friend"
Bobkins body is gone!

"Bobkins... Bobkins killed..." you try to tell them but as you move into the room and everything gets blurry, you feel yourself falling but don't feel the impact of the fall.

You phase in and out of consciousness, you feel many hands lift you, you hear some people swearing about the weight of something, you feel the embrace of soft sheets on a comfortable mattress, then darkness embraces you, gently. 
"This one sleeps now." you tell your brain happily.



Deaths Door

Admin scratches on the parchment in front of it furiously for a while, long enough you debate the wisdom of disturbing it to remind it you're there.
"So you got a goods night sleep?"
"Actually yes, I was out like a light nothing could have woken me up"
"No foreboding dreams or anything?"
"Nope perfect rest"
"So we'll just skip to the next morning then"
"Yeah that morning was a fresh hell..."

As you start to wake up, feeling well rested the first thing you notice is feeling very cold, then that your arms are in an odd position.
You open your eyes to see not the wooden ceiling of the inn but cold grey natural stone.
There's something wrapped around your throat!
Startled you try to sit up, you hurt your throat, you're tied down on a stone platform of some kind
Strong leather straps hold your arms, legs and neck in place.

On a wall to your right you see a symbol, a skull carved out of the stone.
To your left you can't see much except you seem to be a good four feet off the floor and that stone floor has many dark stains.
The cave is eerily quiet, there's no one coming.
A wave of panic washes over you, you ride it out, letting your nerves settle back down so you can work out what to do.
Testing your bonds you notice the tie on your left arm is slightly looser than the tie on your right.

You focus your efforts on freeing your left arm, you haul down hard, your biceps feel like their going to burst, the muscles around your shoulder blade start to ache but eventually you feel the strap loosen slightly, not enough to free you but definite progress
You take a minute to recover and begin again.
You strain and heave for what feels like an age but you succeed. Your left arm is free!
You reach for your other arm but discover the strap on your neck prevents you from turning to reach it.

You work on the neck strap.
It's very well secured, tight against your flesh.
You squeeze a finger under it and start working on stretching it,
You hear a metallic rattle as you work to stretch it, seems to be tied through something metal under the altar.
You pull at it, left and right, over and over, taking small breaks to let the blood flow return to your fingers.

After what feels like hours eventually you get it loose enough to turn your head but not enough to let your neck lift off the altar so you can reach the restraint on your right arm.
You can however work all your fingers under it now so you're able to exert more force on it now.

Eventually you make some space if you turn your head you can get out though you'll lose an ear or possibly your nose.
You hear distant voices.
This can't be good!
Frantically you struggle to get out of your bonds.
Soon the voices are close enough for you to hear them.
"Bobkins says its not to be killed"
"That's good news" you think 
"That's what I'm concerned about! If we drive these spikes through its limbs, the wounds could get infected and it'll die before Bobkins gets his due"
"That's not so good"
"Well, them's his orders, the straps mightn't hold the big galoot so we spike 'em before they wakes up" 
"And if they dies?"
"So be it, we did as we was told"
"S'pose but if 'e kicks off about it I'm sacrificing the little shite!"
"Sure Bhaal will appreciate the result either way!" 
They laugh.

The voices are too close!
You can't get free before they come in!
You hurriedly put your free arm back in and feign sleep.

The two men come in, their voices drop.
"Good, it's still asleep that'll make life easier, we'll undo the straps on its wrists to drive the nails through" 
"Can we not just put them through it's hands?"
"No. it could pull it's hands down... have you not impaled anyone before?"
"Nope usually just say a prayer to Bhaal and stabs 'em, I got a farm to run, not much time for torturing in a day"
"Fair enough, right, here's how it goes"

There follows a hushed but informative tutorial on how to impale someone.
The speaker leaves a big nail near your free hand as he moves towards your legs, mercifully they hadn't checked the straps were secure.

Your rack your brain for some piece of magic that might help, you don't have any components to hand, there were very few that you knew of that didn't require some symbolic focus.

"Now the legs are a bit of an issue if you don't want to break bone..." the lecture continued.
Finally you turn to the forbidden magic's, spells that your teacher had forbidden the use of as they posed an unpredictable danger to life on or those who passed below the mountain.
As the speaker points out a part of you leg to best drive a nail through you slide your hand out of the strap, you inhale deeply and, removing it from the strap again, raise your hand.
The avalanche maker was one of the forbidden magic's but you weren't even outdoors now, never mind on a mountain! 

The speaker looks towards you at the last second, eyes widening as you slam your arm down with a roar!

A wave of sound made manifest erupts from your hand as it slams down.
Your legs ache as it washes over them.

The two men are hurled into the wall of the cave and collapse, knocked out momentarily.
You quickly free yourself, using the convenient nail they had left, to pierce and rip the restraints, swearing profusely when your injured legs hit the floor.
You tower over the unconscious men, large nail in hand...

Using the straps that failed to contain you, you have them tied up before they regain their wits.
You wait until they come too, you have questions that need answering if you're to get out of this cave system.

The speaker looks around wide eyed as he comes to, after a brief struggle which you discourage with a swift slap on the head, he settles down.
The other comes to just as you deliver the blow and doesn't bother struggling at all.

Realizing he's not getting away he looks at you and serenely asks
"Would you mind killing us stranger?"
The other nods
"Yes stranger, killing us quickly would be a kindness compared to what Bobkins will do to us"
"Your gear is at the other end of the tunnel, go get that big knife of yours and slit our throats"
"Or that staff and smash our heads, you're big enough to make that a quick one too"
"Could strangle us with them let over straps either"
"Just make sure to say Hail Bhaal before you do it, be disrespectful to ignore him in his own shrine like"
"Yes! Yes! Feed our blood to our blood god it's only proper" 
"Oh! The nails! You could drive that one into the head real quick"

When one of the men mentions the nails you find yourself looking at the one in your hand thoughtfully, your gaze moves to the carving of what you reckon must be this Bhaal they are talking about.

Its red eyes trap your gaze, you can't look away!
They grow bigger and bigger, they surround you, you are one with them now, the room fades out of your reality entirely...

You stand on a hillside looking down at a large city, behind you stands your clan, all of them you ever knew. At your order they charge as one, smashing through the walls, slaughtering all before them, chanting Bhaals name. From the cities ruins you are carried on a throne of skulls, your army swells with banners of other Goliath clans, you see entire countries burn.
Your army fills with nightmare creatures, as you sweep all opposition aside, your forces ever chanting "Hail Bhaal!".
 Then you stand before your assembled army to lead the weekly sacrifice, it stretches as far as you can see, your men holding captives of all other races, male, female, child it matters not.
You raise your holy nail to kill an infant human...

"NO! THIS IS NOT OUR WAY!" you scream at yourself as the nail drives down at the infant!
You snap back to reality, you're holding one of the men down on the altar with one hand, a nail in your other, raised and ready to strike.
Both men are still chanting "Hail Bhaal" gleefully.

You can feel the carvings eyes still on you, calling to you, pleading to be part of you.
You hurl the man from the altar.

"No!" he cries out "Kill us! Become one with Bhaal! Be the vessel!"
The other has not stopped chanting "Hail Bhaal" through out it all.
You find yourself torn, your instincts are demanding you flee but you do have the tools to destroy the carving in hand. The risk that the eyes could ensorcell you again is too great.
You flee the baleful gaze of the carving and the jabbering of the men.
You distinctly hear one of them say "Bugger it" as you leave them bound
You scurry down the tunnel they came from, after rounding a few corners it widens out into a sort of antechamber.

It's walls are lined with various weapons, a rack of hooded cloaks and masks of various demonic faces, your gear is here too though your robes and weapons are stained with blood. 
You're pretty sure it's not yours.
More importantly there's a door on the other end.
"Hopefully I can lock that behind me" you think
As you grab your gear and head for the door, you hear a shout.
"Stranger if you won't serve in life, your death will do!" 
The men are free!

You hoist your gear onto your back and grab a sturdy looking pole weapon
(it has far too many prongs to be called a spear).
You pull the door closed and drive the weapon through the handle and the door frame.
It won't hold forever but should buy you time to get out or hide somewhere.
You hope.

You quickly move on, the tunnel rises upwards for a while then plateaus, you come to a fork.

There are tracks leading to and from both forks. 
The air flow doesn't offer any clues either.
You remember the fateful choice that led you to the village.
"Self doubt won't get me out" you scold yourself going right.
The tunnel leads to another door, you hear voices coming from inside it.
They sound familiar, you lean beside the door and listen for a moment.
"I don't understand why we didn't just kill them on the road Pops"
"Remember what happened with the human vessels we offered? They weren't strong enough to contain Bhaals essence so the vessels exploded shortly after right? Well that half giant is as big and strong a vessel as we're likely to find around here, if this one doesn't work I don't know what we'll do"
"What do we do if it works?"
"Then we bring him to the other shrines around the kingdom, we gather troops and make sacrifices to make him stronger and when he's powered up enough, we'll deal with that bastard Cyrics followers"
"Then we will turn this into Bhaals Kingdom and go crush Cyric's kingdom?"
"Exactly Norman, Exactly"
"What's this for pops?"
"Well the main prong goes up between the backside and the...”

You gently test the door, it's open! You decide to risk having a look inside The door opens without so much as a creak.
The rooms walls are lined with bookshelves, while tables and chairs take up most of the remaining room, there's a door across from you and a small fireplace on the wall to your right.

The father and son, you met on the road are sitting with their backs to you by the fire.
They're reading an oversize book together it's bright and colourful. You can see the title on the top of the pages; “Bhaals Big Book Of Murder”
The father is explaining how to use an instrument of torture to get the "best" results.
They seem absorbed in the book.
"Maybe I can make it to the other door without getting spotted" you think to yourself.
All 7'4" of you with pack and 10 ft staff quietly slide between tables and chairs without a sound.

The two humans are engrossed in their reading.
"Is there a lot of screaming father?"
"Yes and there should be if you're doing it right, it can grate on the ol' nerves though so you might want to use a gag, lets see"
He flips the pages, you freeze mid stride, the slightest thing could attract their attention.
"Ah, here we are"

You continue moving.
"Hey!" exclaims the kid, you freeze again "That's the one mum has in her linen drawer, does she practice at home?"
"Uh...Yeah..Uh..."
You're pretty sure he's not looking anywhere right now! You manage to open and close the next door quickly and quietly.
It is not an exit!
It is a large closet filled with "cleaning" supplies, jars of maggots and caged rats.
You hear running feet and the other men's voices.
"it's escaped!"
They must have gotten through the door already!

Desperately you look around the room, if you can make a distraction you might be able to run past the men or at least get the drop on them.
The rats!
You grab the rats cages, containing about ten of the and line them up by the door, there's a slight gap that should be enough for them to squeeze through.
"Well he didn't come in here" you hear the father saying to the men
"Well Barish is up the entrance and he didn't go that way so..."
You make a mental note that the way out is guarded by Barish.
Then you release the rats.

They swiftly flee out under the door squeaking in gratitude. 
"Well shite. Norman I told you to make sure those cages were secure"
The deadpan voice stops you before you open the door, they don't seem to be perturbed in the slightest by the flow of rats out under the door.
"I did" he says
Whatever you thought was going to happen, this isn't it.
You hear the distinct sound of steel being drawn.
"Well Norman, I Guess You Had Better Get Those Cages Out Of The Closet And Go Catch Those Rats" the father says in a poor attempt at sounding nonchalant 
"Yes Sir!"
He sounds close to the door!


"What were you thinking right there?"
"I didn't want to hurt the kid so I had no choice but to go for some big magic, problem being I'd only ever had enough juice to do two in a day so if I didn't catch them all with it I was..."
"Boned?"
"If that means in trouble or getting sacrificed to some skull on the wall of the delusions of grandeur variety, then yes”
"It does, lets continue"


Grabbing a twig from your pouch of components you visualize the room you just came through. Picking the spot in your mind, you push some of the cages aside with your foot and take a breath.
The moment the handle of the door twitches you slam the door open with a shout.
"ENOUGH!"
Norman leaps back, eyes wide with surprise.

Your eyes fix on the spot you'd visualized instantly, you hurl the twig, vines rip up through the floor to meet it, swiftly enveloping the men, one of whom loses his weapon as he struggles.

Little Norman on the other hand dances around the grasping vines like a professional. He even gives you a little bow when he gets within striking distance.
He's holding a nightmare version of a dagger, a variety of spikes protrude at odd angles from the main blade. You're fairly sure wounds from it can't be healed normally.
“Guess you're the first person I get to kill on my own, I hope you appreciate how big a thing this is for me"
The three entangled men began chanting "Hail Bhaal" as Norman feints at you with the dagger.
As Norman lunges at you with the knife your staff rises up to meet his chin, his frail ten year old body flies back and crashes into a wall.
"Norman!"
His father roars in rage and tears through the vines holding him to rush to the boys side.

One of the other men also breaks free and scrambles to retrieve his lost weapon.
The third remains tangled in the vines but does continue to chant
"Hail Bhaal, Hail Bhaal, Hail Bhaal"

As the freed man scrambles to retrieve his sword, you lash out at him with your staff but you only catch him on the hip, he yells in pain, seizes his sword and swings at you.
Maybe it's the pain or this guy is just cursed, he swings around so wildly he not only misses but his sword flies across the room!
You take the opportunity to strike at him properly but he ducks your strike.

On the other side of the room Norman stirs, his father cries out
"Bhaal needs you in this world still!"
Norman wordlessly hands his father his blade. The father stands, you can almost feel his fury.
"Now we'll have a reckoning stranger!"
He charges at you!

You and the father both strike at each other and miss, the freed man smashes a chair and tears a leg off it but you can't afford to take your eyes off the enraged man in front of you for longer than a glance.
All the while the entangled man is chanting 
"Hail Bhaal, Hail Bhaal, Hail Bhaal"

You and Normans father circle each other, feinting and testing each others defences when suddenly the other man clubs you with that leg of the chair on your back, you leap away to try and keep both men in view.
Then the entangled man finally stops chanting, unfortunately it's because he's broken free!
Find yourself desperate yet again you search for a solution lasting out with your iron banded staff to keep them at bay...

You've never cast more than two spells in a day but as you feel for some scrap of magical power, hoping for enough to power a distraction that might buy you enough time to run you discover there's enough for one last spell!
No time for half measures here!

You pivot on your back foot, coming to an angle that lets you hit all three men at once without hitting little Norman. and with a roar that's more relief than anger you slam your staff on the ground, tables chairs, a few unfortunate rats go flying back as you unleash the avalanche maker once more!

Normans father drops to his knees and pukes, the one that hit you with a club smashes into the wall by the door out, the newly freed man is rocked but manages to stay standing, though he's clearly had the wind knocked out of him.
You seize the opportunity to flee while they are all out of it.

You hurry back to the fork and go the other way, which you now know is the exit and guarded!
Soon you notice a change in the air, you must be close to the exit.

You drop into a low crouched step, like a hunter closing on prey, fortunately there's a bit of a bend in the tunnel that you can peek around.
A human, you recognize as a town guard, stands in front of a large closed door, facing you, holding twin daggers in a ready stance.
You remember his name from the conversation in the last room, cupping your over your mouth to make it sound further away you call to him.

"Barish! We got him but little Normans hurt! Give us a hand carrying him!"
The guard starts running towards you, the tunnels not wide enough to get a good swing with your staff so you improvise.
As the guard comes round the bend you swing a hard kick right into his crotch, he flails at you with his daggers as he drops to one knee.
That would have hurt even if he'd been wearing protection, which he wasn't.
From behind you there are shouts, the others must have got their wits together!

You step around the fallen guard, he lashes out at you with his daggers futilely as you do, his eyes are watering, his breath short.
You heave the thick, metal plated exit door open and discover you can bolt it shut from the outside, which you do.

You find you're in the middle of a thicket of bushes.
There are bushels of loose bushes piled beside the door. You pile them up against the door just as the men inside start pounding on it and walk away.
You're amazed at how muffled the sound is even a few feet away, they'll be there for a while at least till somebody comes to get you.

Making your way through the bushes cautiously, you find your way out onto the road which you think is on the other side of the village. You pause for a minute and decide to take the road away from the village.


Admin is scratching away on the parchment again.
"What would you have done without the aid of magic there?"
"Three on one? Died. Hell I wouldn't have gotten off that altar!"
Admin scratches again
"Humility! Good! Too many braggarts in the Multiverse as it is"
"Wouldn't say humility, just aware of my limitations"
"Though you weren't as limited as you thought eh?"
"No and my abilities were about to get even better!"
"More magic?"
"New type of magic entirely!"



Of Wolf and Fey


"So" says Admin "You escaped reasonably unharmed but chose not to alert the authorities and press on. Why?"
His tone is amicable but you can't help feeling accused.
You start ticking off the reasons
"Lets see, since coming to the village the evening before, I'd nearly been drowned, frozen, buried, eaten by monsters, nearly possessed by a murder god and then woke to find myself nearly impaled and then sacrificed to it by a bunch of gibbering loons. My clothes are covered in someone's blood, I didn't put it there.
Returning to the village just came with too many risks, I wouldn't know who to trust and that Sargent had wanted to grill me about something else too before everything kicked off and then I wander in covered in someone's blood? Not on your Nelly mate"
"Odd phrase that, know it's origins?"
"No, I assume it means something rude though"
"I'll look it up..." the creature looks up into the darkness for a moment "Ah rhyming slang basically means not on your life"
"Huh, not as rude as I'd hoped"
"No? Disappointing. Shall we continue?"


You set out to Dark Water walking alongside the road through fields and bushes, so you can go cross country if the cultists or anyone else gives chase.
As you walk, you experiment with your new well of magic, expanding your senses with it, you can see the threads of magic connecting all things.
You examine the magic threads around yourself and discover that despite being ripped there were still some small threads of energy connecting the separate parts of your clothes.

Taking a breath, focusing on them in your minds eye, you strengthen the threads and pull them tight, just like that the rip is fixed!
You amble along happily, soon forgetting any worries of pursuers as you look at the world through this new lens.

 After some time you realize it's growing dark and you need to make camp.
Ahead you spot a grove of old oak trees and as you way to the centre you feel welcomed, the trees make you feel safe, even protected in here.

You decide to commune with nature before bedding down for the night, this seems a place of unusual power after all, your Druids nature wouldn't let you rest if you didn't anyway you reason. You get into a comfortable position, and regulate your breathing, exploring the grove with your astral senses, the trees leaves sing a simple lullaby and soon, willingly, you dream...

In your dream you find yourself in a dream-space, walking through a tunnel through a seemingly infinite number of the "strings" you saw when mending your torn cloak earlier, As you travel deeper into the tunnel, the strings seem to magnify, you see now the strings are in fact made of many bundled strings each created from the energy of creation and entropy.
Ever deeper you go, find each string is locked into a cycle made of life and death, ever moving. 

Looking closer you see even smaller strings powering the loops, as each turns from life to death others switch to the reverse life energy flows between them all some branching off to form new cycles and eventually new strings.
You remember the carving from the village.
"What sustains destroys, what destroys sustains"

You notice one of the stings has stopped moving, stuck precisely between life and death.
Around that string, you see other strings stop as the energy flow from that one doesn't push them any more, as it spreads you see it endanger all the life cycles you can see. You feel compelled to make this cycle continue, it's stillness in an ever moving universe horrifies you.
You reach out to the halted cycle, you push against the blockage, it's a fierce struggle but you roll the cycle all the way to death, you find you can guide the life energy where you want and use it to kick-start the other stalled cycles. Balance is restored.


"Ah your universe works on string theory!" exclaims Admin "that explains the magic!" "What?"
"Never mind, we don't have time enough to get into it this visit"
"Oh come on you can't..."
"I can and in fact, am! Lets continue"


You awake in the grove, a fire is lit beside you, fey creatures flit around you cleaning your cloak, drawing odd symbols, though you have to admit they look right for some reason.
Across the fire from, a large wolf is sitting placidly, it looks at you words form in your mind.
"Star shine and stones sing! Shall we run?"


"What did you think here? Waking up to fairies and a wolf?" Admin interrupts again
"I wasn't not sure I'd actually woken up to be honest, maybe I'd just switched dreamscapes, happens to us druid types during visions fairly regularly, nothing was being actively hostile so I saw no harm in rolling with it at least until I learned more" 
"There's a certain wisdom to that, I suppose"


You attempt to stand but the fey sprites heave you back down chittering angrily at having their work interrupted.
"You'd best leave that here" says the wolf "They get mean when their prettifying gets disturbed" 
You remove your cloak carefully.
More sprites flit around your robes.
"You should leave the rest of your weapons too we'll be back for them before the dawn"
"I'll freeze without my robes" you object.
"Your fur will keep you warm"
"What fur? I'm not a wolf you know!" It tilts its head at you inquisitively
"Really? Why ever not?"

You go into ponder mode
"If I can manipulate the stuff of life I can manipulate the shape of it too, as long as I don't interrupt its actual cycle I can...”

You start to take the energy that is your life and sculpt it.
Paws! they look like that... all fours yes.
Fur what does that feel like? Yes that,
Ears to hear, eyes to see, teeth to bite what else... tail!
You look at the other wolf and model yours after it's one.
Keeping your visual in mind you shift into the shape you built.
It's not a horrendous bone cracking affair like you saw the werewolf go through, you take the energy that is you and pour it into the shadow that is your projected wolf.

As your spirit pours into it you feel your body moving into the same potential state the wolf state had been in before you became it.
You feel the undergarments you had on shift into the shadows, they'll be on that shape when you return.

You inhale through your new nose, your mind translates scents to visuals, you see everything for miles.
There's a rabbit, a campfire and something not right, like the stopped loop earlier.
You decide that something not right needs sorting out.
You tense your body, excited to take your first steps when the other wolf growls at you.
You look down at it
"Wolf shape should be wolf size! You won't catch anything if you're that big!" it scolds you.
You realise your wolf shape is as long as you were tall
You work a little on your shaping, it's difficult while you are in the form, so you sort of pop out, filling the shadow that is the you that was, readjust the dimensions and soon match the other wolfs shape.
The other wolf walks around you
"Yes, right shape, right look, wrong smell but you'll get that in time. Come, let us hunt!"

Your paws press into the ground, you feel the energy from that push come back to you and you use it to bound forward, then again and again! It's a joyful sensation, this is why wolves like being wolves!
The harmony of forces, your strength, the lands power it's an amazing feeling!
You race through the land, a slight wind ruffling your fur as bound over rocks and ditches, all to soon your near the wrong thing.
You slow your pace, slightly sad the run is over
"Now you know the joy of the run, how will you find the joy of the hunt?"
"I will stalk my prey!" you think a proud declaration at him. 
The wolf snorts approval.
"Good cub, now the prey here thinks because it hunts it won't be hunted, makes stalking it fairly easy, lets begin"
 The wolf moves until it is directly down wind of where you know the prey to be.
"Some of these things have good noses it is best to approach from downwind, now lets get closer" it advises.
You follow the wolf, switching to a low crawl as you approach to the edge of a gully.

Directly below you a humanoid shaped creature is feasting on the remains of a stag.
It's skin is a solid black colour, its hands clawed, you glimpse rows of sharp pointy teeth as it tears a chunk of flesh apart, you don't recognize the creature but it is clearly some form of undead.
There's plenty of cover if you want to get close though you are fairly sure you could make a leap from here and land on it.

You hear the other wolf in your head "Your prey is before you cub, now what?"
You slink your way through the bushes, the creature is absorbed in feasting on the dead stag, as it leans forward to tear off another handful of flesh you hear the wolf.
"See there? The strings at the back of its legs? Rip them and it can't run!"
"Why don't I just go for its throat?"
"Not all hunts end with food, you need to be able to get away without hurt, can't move. can't catch me to make me hurt, in half a day, it will be to weak from pain to hurt at all, then it's an easy kill"
"Seems cruel"
"Seems I get food and not get hurt! Still it's your hunt cub show me your way"
You decide to listen to the one that's been a wolf longest.

You spring out at the creature, your teeth sinking through thick into it's tendons, you rear back with your teeth firmly clamped on the tendons, you feel something give.
"Now run cub!" the other wolf warns.
The creature howls in rage whipping round and lashing out with it's claws, they scratch your hindquarters as you run to the bushes.
The wound is not enough to slow you down but it does hurt.
The creature makes to run after you but it's wounded leg collapses beneath it. It screams with pain and frustration, it starts crawling after you, fast!

"I'd get downwind of it again cub" advises the wolf "All wounded creatures are dangerous"
You work your way around the dead stag to the bushes behind the creature.
It's brought it's good leg up under it to a kneeling position, one claw guards it the other its throat.
"It knows fear now" advises the wolf "use that make it try to move on that injured limb. see what prey does when a wolf howls!"
You gather in air for a fearsome howl but while you have the movement and senses aspects of being a wolf down, you haven't quite got the inner workings right.
All that air flows out the wrong way! 
You break wind so loudly it shakes the bushes around you.

The creatures snarls and starts half crawling towards you You hear the other wolf desperately trying to stifle a laughing fit as you make a hasty retreat from where you were.
The creature stops short of where you were a second earlier, the skin on its snake like nose audible flickers, it makes a sneezing noise, then a second one more forceful, like it was trying to clear something from it's nose, it starts to back off as it makes hacking noises like it's trying to clear it's throat. 
Yes the smell of your fart is so bad the undead creature beside a dead animals corpse is choking on it!
You start slinking back towards it, there may be an opportunity here!

As the creature reels back from the scent it tries to put it's weight on it's injured leg.
It howls in anguish, unconsciously reaches for the leg with both hands.
"NOW!" the wolfs voice roars in your head.
You strike!

Leaping out of the bushes with a guttural snarl you latch onto its throat before it knows you are there!
Your teeth sink into its the sticky dark flesh, it's disgusting to taste, like long rotten meat.
You whip your hindquarters around adding momentum to your bites strength as your teeth meet in the middle of its throat, you land on the other side of the creature, dropping its rancid flesh from your mouth as it collapses with a gurgle.
You and the other wolf howl in victory.

"Well done cub!" it says laughter in it's voice "In all my days I've never seen a fart used as an actual weapon" 
You feel something gentle tugging at your entire form, like a child wants your attention.
The wolf sighs. 
"You can't stay as wolf much longer, lets head back before you have to turn, your clothes are still there and it's a cold night for the fur-less to be running naked"

As you run with the wolf to the grove your curiosity about the other things you sensed drives you to veer off towards the campfire.
"You don't have much time left in this form cub, don't waste it" warns the wolf.
"I'll be quick" you assure him as you creep towards the campfire.

Around the campfire, two figures sit, the Bhaal cultists! 
Nearby four others are under blankets, you're fairly sure they are asleep from the breathing noises. 
One of the two says to the other "You know I used to like this lark till he showed up"
"Yeah, know what you mean"
"Used to be we'd only do the odd cow or wandering troublemaker but now!"
"Yeah, Ooh! has to be sentient, has to be every ten day, has to be tortured..,"
"It's taking up a lot of time now, I mean I still have a farm to run like"
"Yeah, there is a time honoured solution to this though"
"Yeah?"
"Yeah" one pulls out a dagger, the other follows suit. 
"We do have to do our duty like" 
They stand
"Not like Bhaal will mind, he'll likely be pleased in fact"
"Yeah, Hail Bhaal! and so forth"

They make their way toward the smallest sleeping figure.
"Is that Norman?" you wonder, an internal debate rages within you, mercy wins out, tempered by thought that you can't fight that many and you're not sure the other wolf will help.
You try for a howl again, it should be enough to wake the sleeping form.

You manage to pass the air through the right end this time and emit a fearsome howl.
The two cultist spin round daggers at the ready, as the sleeping figures all sit up in their bedrolls.
The figure they were about to murder is Bobkins!
"What was that?" he asks.
"Wolf" says one of the cultist "Really close too"
The tug to revert to your true shape is getting insistent you can't stay wolf for much longer.
"Your weapons are back in the grove cub" the wolf reminds you "unless you want to fight them naked I suggest you move"

You turn and race off towards the grove, your decision to save Bobkins from his fellow cultists weighing on you all the way there.
He murdered a priest in front of you, your kidnapping and near crucifixion were at his behest too. Damn him to all the hells ever!

Just before you get to the grove the tugging of your true form becomes overwhelming and you're dragged out of the wolf shape back into your normal shape by an irresistible force.
It's a bit chilly without your robes but you manage to keep pace with the wolf for the short distance back to the grove. When you pass through the trees you find a group of small fey flitting about, chattering gleefully.

They dive to the ground and come back up holding up your robe, it is now covered in beautiful picture of night turning to day in gold and silver thread.
Remembering your druid teachers lessons on dealing with smaller fey you heap praise on them, thanking them over and over.

They present your now similarly adorned staff and you repeat the praising again.
They flit away chattering happily.
Mentally you sigh with relief.

“Must remember to thank teacher for those lessons” you think, there are many tales of mortals ingratitude to smaller fey leading to deaths of a thousand cuts and worse. 
"Now cub, we have given you the tools for path you choose, that of the hunters of the undead, the unnatural, repay us by walking it well"
With that he just turns and runs off leaving you to watch a glorious sunrise alone.



The Hunt

Just after sun up you watch the designs on your robe and staff fade away though the magic that made them appear is still on them. 
You figure they will appear at appropriate times.
You decided to continue on your way to Deep Water, sticking to your travel mode of walking parallel to the road through fields and woods, keeping a weather eye in case those death cultists decide to come your way.

In the end your day is uneventful but pleasantly so, you feel at peace with the world.
As it grows dark and you consider whether to rest or push on you notice the designs on your gear have become visible in the twilight.
Off in the distance you hear hunting horns blowing and the baying of hounds, a hunt of some type!
You peer towards the noise trying to make out what's happening when naked human man comes running from the same direction, eyes wide with fear.
"RUN!" he screams at you as he hurtles past you.

You stand there, confused for a moment, then realise not only has the noise of horns and hounds grown louder but it's been joined by the rumbling sound of many hooves.
That sound of oncoming horns, hooves and hounds convince you that maybe keeping up with the running man might be the smart move.
You sprint after the man!

As the sound of the hunting party grows ever closer you realise why the man was naked, all your gear is slowing you down!
The naked man, who was barely visible ahead, vanishes from view, you realise there must be a hill ahead.
You look behind you and make out indistinct shapes but even at this distance the hounds look bigger than you.

As you crest the hill you decide to try changing form again. You barely pause, your running had already put you in mind of your earlier run with the fey wolf so slipping back into that shape is a lot easier this time.
Your gear and staff float in the other space, with your form that was and will be.
You run.

You are soon overtaken by the hounds, giant creatures made from the nightmares of prey.
As the pack envelopes you they make a bit of room for you to run safely with them, in barely a few moments you are mentally linked with them, your pace matches theirs, your thought is their thought.
"Find! Joy in Finding!"
You're not sure how long you ran before the tugging of your true form brings you out of the hypnotic rhythm of the hunt. 
You're going to revert soon and you're hemmed in the middle of a pack of fey hounds that might not appreciate your true form or worse your lack of speed.

You decide to slow down and see if they go round you.
The hounds flow around you as you slow, as do the front running horses but you are still amongst them when you revert to your true Goliath form.

A hand grabs you and you're tossed onto the back of a horse like you weigh nothing at all.
You instinctively grab hold of the armoured rider!
Now you see them up close the horses are made of shadow and flame, their eyes are the coldest shade of blue you have ever seen.
The riders armour is made of night and green sprouting vines.
It's helmet is the shape of a wolfs head.
"It's customary to ask to join the wyld hunt, cub"
It's the fey wolf from last night!

"Why are you hunting him?"
"It's a bet, we catch him he dies, if he evades us until dawn he gets a boon, this one wants a curse lifted from his wife"
"Lover" interjects a rider alongside you "The wife put a curse on the lover and he needs it lifted before the lovers family finds out"
"They must be terrifying to risk this sort of death"
"They're wizards apparently"
"Ouch, I almost feel sorry for him"
"Almost!" they both say in unison, laughing.

The hunt comes to a stop at a small but fast flowing river, the hounds are milling around on both sides.
The largest of the riders wheels his horse around and approaches you, this ones eyes are green!
"Friend Wolf, who is this that dares join our hunt without my say so" 
"Ah, my Lord this is the cub I was telling you about, it's still learning the way of things, I ask your forgiveness this once"
"Ah, that cub!"
He leans towards you, a wave of true fear passes over you, this one is power incarnate!
"You are welcome, Howls From Wrong End"
The others laugh at your new name, even some of the hounds huff in a rhythm.
You're too relieved not to be eaten or something worse to care about your new name.

"Lets test its hunting skills, our prey is running in the water, did he go up or downstream?" he asks you.
You stare back at the Lord of the Hunt frantically trying to come up with an answer, while part of you wants to answer to prove yourself another really doesn't want to get someone killed.
He sighs in disappointment at your dithering.
"I fear your cub is a bit overwhelmed by the company"
"I fear you are right my Lord"

Suddenly one of the hounds perks up, in the distance you hear a scream.
"Leave the cub here" the Lord instructs Wolf.
"Aye m`lord"
He lifts you and drops you gently.
"Another night cub, be well" he says and as one the pack turns and rides off in the direction of the scream.
As you watch them go you realise, you have no idea where you are!
It actually looks like a pretty good spot to make camp and it's been a long day.
You decide to rest.

You awake fully rested, you start a small fire, heat some rations and survey your surroundings.
You seem to be in a small valley between some hill ranges with a small but fast flowing river running through it. 
There's no indication of civilization visible anywhere!



The Tale of Bertram the Bastard


Flintwalker was lost, though not so much so as to be worried.
With nothing pressing to do, bar find a way back to the road, Flintwalker had opted to follow the flow of the river as common sense indicated that rivers attracted settlements and once they found one they could get their bearings and get back on the road.
It was a pleasant day and they ambled alongside the river, which eventually flowed over a short waterfall into a small lake.

After getting down to the lakeside Flintwalker started a campfire and began heating some rations for a midday meal. The lake presented a problem to the theory that a settlement was to be found and the lack of trails leading from it didn't help.
"This requires a bit of pondering" thought Flintwalker, who promptly began to do so (nothing a solitary druid likes more than a good ponder!).

That pondering was interrupted all to soon after he started when a finely robed, fey figure came out of the woods and walked by without so much as nod.
As Flintwalker watched slightly bemused, it walked towards the waterfall, then crouched near the shore and mutters something.
A few seconds later bits of wood come flying out of the water. 
The robed figure waited for the deluge to stop then examines the parts.
"Tch" he complained to the universe "No name! A boat should have a name! It always helps the story" 
Flintwalker was reminded about the food by a smell that indicated it was about to go from well done to black and crispy in short order.
They quickly took the pot off the fire, giving it a good stir with a stick to keep it from sticking to the pot.

The robed figure noticed the smell too apparently and came over, hands empty and palm up to indicate no hostile intentions and walked to the opposite side of the fire.
"Ah mortal food! I wonder friend if I might trade you a story for a share of you repast?" he inquired.
He sat himself down on a log across from Flintwalker, a plate appeared in his hands in the same second. 
This startled Flintwalker so much he forgot to object when the Fey started helping himself to his lunch.
"You see friend, my Lord wants a story weaved of last nights hunt and I want to practice"
"Ah ha!" thought Flintwalker "must be the Lord of the Hunts Bard!"
"I'd like to hear how it went" Flintwalker admitted reaching for the pot only to find it empty.
"Bards! All the same! " they thought to themselves, then sighed and started making a fresh one.
"Right well to tell you what happened then I have to tell you what went before so you understand what the stakes were and why a naked man ran past you last night..."

The Tale of Bertram the Bastard.
Authors note: The following is pieced together from various accounts from fey and mortals alike, with of course, some dramatic license legally purchased from the Guild of Historical Dramatists...

Bertram used to be quite the adventurer until most of his band was wiped out dealing with a particularly nasty undead creature, a demi-lich. He’d built up a fair whack of gold and picked the town over yonder to settle in, the Dark Water lords had just built a road there and they were connecting other roads to it so t’was a good spot for trade and the like. 
He built a stables, an inn, a fancy forge for the blacksmith and a warehouse. pretty soon all trade that moved through there moved through his hands in one way or another.
He was called a bastard by so many people who failed to best him on deals it became not only a nickname but a mark of honour.
Locals called him that in the same manner they would call a lord "sire".

Now, the city wizards guild, saw the towns growth, more importantly to them, the amount of coin that passed through it and sought to built an enclave there.
Bertram was on it like a rat up a drain pipe, soon his men were building it, his other businesses were supplying it, everyone bought lunch at his inn. It was a good deal for him and because he used local people and suppliers, was good deal for the town too.

The wizards sent out a beautiful young lady called Saranah to oversee the construction and lay down the various enchantments and spells that they required. She had an assistant with her Kellen, from all accounts an uppity little shit whose nose was out of joint at having to leave city at all, never mind coming to a country town as he called it. He considered everyone there beneath him and had no problem letting them know it too.

After several near fatal "accidents" at the site Saranah rented an office from Bertram, at a very healthy discount, as dead clients don't pay at well and Kellen spent his days there meeting with potential clients and doing the paperwork and so forth.
Now, Bertram had had the uncommon sense to marry a wife smarter than him, Agris was her name. lovely woman who looked after the day to day at the various places they owned.

She was only doing it while Bertram was busy she told people but he'd been "busy" for years and the locals had learned that she was as hard nosed in business as he was. She worked from the Inn most of the time, it made sense from a business end, most people would buy a drink while waiting to meet her and she could throw in a free drink or two to sweeten a deal sometimes or take the sting out of a deal she or her husband had made more often.

The day the building was due to be done Agris found a box with a note on it in the kitchen that said give it to Saranah when she came in for lunch.
A memento to mark the last day of the build, not an unusual thing in that line of business so she paid no mind and duly gave it to the young girl when she came in.
Inside was a lovely red gem stone, she took it out to have a closer look but no sooner had she touched it than BOOM!

A horrendous clap of thunder tore the air, she fell screaming to the floor and she was instantly transformed into a hideous monster, her lovely face, warped and ruined, her mouth gone altogether, the bones in her hands were just gone leaving useless skin just flapping about it, a huge hunch formed in her back, one of her feet became huge, the other tiny, parts of her hair became worms! Oh it was a terrible sight!
Most of the people in the Inn fled screaming.

Yer man Kellen was in straight away pointing the finger at the wife, demanding she be hung for doing this and so forth. 
The watchmen that were there called in the rest, the local healers and priests were sent for, half the crowd that ran away came back to try and get a look now the watch was there to protect them. 
So it was quite a scene that greeted Bertram who had been off putting the final touches on the site.
When he got in, the Kellen fella was hollering attempted murder and the like, claiming Agris had found out Bertram had been stepping out with the wizard girl on the side and the wife must have found out.
Agris was of course denying this and accusing Kellen of doing it to try and get promoted, the watchmen were stood between them while the priests and healers worked.
Masan, the local priest told them it looked like the adulterers curse, a well known powerful curse, once cast it couldn’t be reversed, it’s the subject of many a tale of woe.
I’ll tell you one some another time.

This news, of course, sent yer man Kellen off again and the wife went off on him. Bertram stepped in on his wife's side, pointing out, quite rightly that if he’d been stepping out on her, he’d have been killed by her never mind, cursed!
Kellen offered to teleport Saranah back to the wizards guild enclave in Dark Water but they discovered the key to the portal was in her robe pocket and had been broken when she was being transfigured.
I have it on good authority she gave Bertram some sort of wink behind Kellens back when that was found out.

There were guild wizards on the way for a grand opening in three days so it was decided any trial would be put off till then, as they might be able to use their skills to shed light on who the culprit was.
Kellen demanded Agris be locked up in the mean time, Agris and Bertram demanded he be locked up so the watch compromised and locked them both up. In separate watch houses of course.
Bertram told Kellen the building would still be finished as scheduled despite all the kerfuffle, he might have been thinking this was all some sort of scam to do him out of the money for the building, the wizards have a bit of a reputation for being a miserly when it came to money.

So our Bertram turned to the watch and said to them that if yer wan wasn’t stepping out with him, like he said then the curse could be lifted, though it would take someone from out of town to do it, the locals clearly weren’t up to it.
If he could get that done then that was proof there was no way his wife had a reason to do it. 
The watch pointed out that it wouldn’t totally clear her or him for that matter, but if the wizard said the same thing once the curse was lifted, then, yes.

Bertram told them he wouldn’t just get it lifted he’d get it it returned to sender and took off to the hills outside town, my woodland friends say he was grinning like a maniac as he passed them.

Druid Deal Making


The tale is interrupted by a group of sprites struggling with a book, they drop it in your companions lap. 
"He wasn't there?" he asked the sprites.
They make some disapproving chittering noises.
"I just want to see his perspective, he never notices" 
Flintwalker noticed that lunch was ready at last and quickly poured it on his plate before the Bard could steal it.

The fey flicks through the pages of the book, finds what he was looking for and reads a few pages while Flintwalker ate.
He suddenly stops and looks up.
"What is a proboscis?"
Flintwalker had to think for a moment before remembering.
 "Fancy word for nose"
"Ah, I see... Putrescent prose!"
The fey rolls up his sleeve.
"Can you read?" he asked
Flintwalker nodded.
"Well you can have a look at this, it's part of the story. I need to think of new insults for that pointy eared..." 
He starts muttering to himself and pacing.

From the diary of Astos the Druid on the 19th Day of Ches 1494 DR (Dale Reckoning)

I have mentioned my former adventuring companions Bertram and that wretch Satos before and how I chose my hermitage site for it’s proximity to Bertram.
My old friend attracts trouble the way honey attracts flies, he doesn’t have to do anything it just shows up. I feel obligated to be on hand if he needs me but not so close that he could drag me into his daily life.
That said the last few years have been peaceful he’s found solace in family and work as I have found here in my woods. I do not lack for entertainment here among the wonders of nature why just the other day...
*Editors Note: There’s about three pages of tales of the adventures of the wildlife around his cave, I’ll skip them for the sake of brevity here.

...but I digress.
Today Bertram appeared unannounced and quite out of breath, he told me his wife stood accused of casting a curse on a red wizard. Her accuser claimed she had uncovered an affair between Bertram and the wizard and in a rage had sought out a cursed gem to inflict the adulterers curse on her.
Knowing them as I do I found it implausible but a judge who doesn’t know them as well might. Bertram needed to lift the curse but the healers and priests in his town claimed they could do nothing and knowing the workings of that curse as I do, I believed them.

I was about to tell him I was unlikely to do any better, deliberately so, before the wizards arrived when he asked.
"It’s tomorrow night isn’t it?"
It took me a few moments to run through all the things that "it" could be then I realized what he was referring to. Every now and then we would sit and enjoy yellow weed along with my mead that I brew here and Bertram would ask about the tales of the Wyld Hunt. He concocted a plan that he believed would work but neither of us ever thought it would actually be a thing he would do. 
The risks were terrible, worst case scenario you were eaten alive by the hunts nightmare hounds, slowly.

He was right, the hunt usually rode through here on the last moon of Ches and he was wrong if he thought I’d offer him up as their prey.
We argued for a while, at first I thought it was fear for his wife and I pointed out even with the Wizards involvement, jail was the likely outcome but as ever he had a tactical issue too,
If his wife was jailed their social standing would be damaged, the Wizards stock would rise and if they demanded some of his business as compensation soon they would call the shots in the town and by all accounts that would be bad for the people in general.
Bastard knew that by making it about the greater good rather than himself I would have to acquiesce!

I told him to catch a live black squirrel from the woods to the east of my cave to serve as my messenger, I didn’t need it of course, I just wanted him out of the way while I tried to find another way out of it for him that wouldn't ruin things for me.
Of course I couldn’t, the time factor was the real issue, there was no way he could get the curse lifted without the help of the fey or the caster dropping it, which couldn't happen before the trial and given that the price from the fey for doing it any other way would likely be his first born, there really was no other option.

With a deep sadness I called upon my fey allies and arranged a meeting to discuss terms with the Lord of the Hunts servant. As I have pointed out before dealings with fey royalty have just as much if not more bureaucracy as mortal royalty, just with slightly less blood spilled and a lot more favours owed.

The response was startlingly swift, apparently the Lord had been bemoaning the lack of willing prey of late, falling upon unwary travellers lacked the challenge he sought in prey.
His servant wanted to meet in an oak grove I knew at sunset. I sent an affirmation and hoped Bertram gave up on the squirrel hunt soon.

It turned out Bertram had caught the Squirrel with ease, a fact that made the poor creature quite annoyed, I had to give it a full days nuts to appease it!
We set off immediately to meet the Lords servants, I confess I was feeling quite nervous, fey royalty can be temperamental and I was going to need Bertram to be offensive enough that the Lord would want to hunt him but not so much that they would skip the formalities and get straight to the eating him part! 
I needn’t have worried.

We arrived at the grove in good time and as the last ray of sunlight faded from view the Lords man servant appeared. 
Oh gentle reader what a horrendous apparition it was, it’s proboscis stretched to the floor, almost touching it’s rear end, when it broke wind the noxious air passed through it and out it’s mouth in the form of putrescent prose...
*Editors Note: I’m fairly sure Astos knew the servant in question was prone to looking at his diary, there are several such passages in it of wildly imaginative and horrendous descriptions, this set lasts two pages so I’m cutting for length.

"This is the prey?" asked the living horror, disdain dripping from his words.
"This is the Lord?" asked Bertram "I must confess I thought he’d be be a bit more impressive looking"
It choose not to answer, asking me instead what the terms were to be, I explained the curse and the charges against Agris, Bertram’s wife, leaving out any mention of innocence involved.
"An adulterer trying to get away with it? Oh yes we find him acceptable indeed, terms accepted now to the conditions!"

He pointed at Bertram
"You have to outrun the hunt from sunset to dawn tomorrow night..."
"Avoid" Bertram corrected.
"What? It’s the same thing surely!"
"Not at all, I could hide up that tree there all night and if they didn’t find me I’d still lose because I didn’t "out run" them. Come friend if I’m to make a fool of your master and his savages lets at least make sure the rules are clear" 
The servants lizard like eyes narrowed as he reevaluated Bertram's intelligence.

A table and two chairs appeared with paper, ink and quill atop of it.
Negotiations commenced, the quill recording every word, both sides had to say agreed for a point to be considered binding. I won’t bore you with the entirety of the affair but there were some nice moves made in this matching of wits 
No traps, magical or physical were to laid by either side.
The use of magical obfuscation potions or spells were prohibited on both sides as were tracking or other hunter spells. this was a test of skills after all.
In fact Bertram offered further clarification that he would neither buy, make, or, after the fey objected, use any potion he had previously purchased.
Bertram could choose to flee any direction he wanted though it would be considered a forfeiture if he ran into any mortal settlement or took refuge in any church or temple.
Bertram could not lay out any equipment beforehand.
Bertram scoffed at this.

"What do you think I’m going to use a horse and cart when I can lose you fools on foot? I promise I will not lay out any equipment before hand, In fact the druid can spend the time between now and then with me and make sure of it."
I tried to object but the fey pointed out I had set this up so making sure Bertram kept his word was my responsibility. I knew Bertram would stick to the letter of the deal so I thought it was unnecessary but the hideous creature insisted.
Bertram couldn’t use any animal or vehicle powered by animal or magic.
Bertram sighed and looked to me. "There goes the teleportation notion"
We had debated many times about why magically talented people being chased by the hunt didn’t just zap themselves out of there, we'd thought the only explanation was it was in the rules, we were right.
The fey grinned, he seemed to think he had scuppered an actual plan!

Bertram pushed for magical clothing to be banned as well but the fey couldn’t accept those terms as all fey clothing is technically magical.
Anyone, fey or mortal interfering with the Hunt in progress would be killed, if they were found to have acted on orders of either side that side would be deemed to have forfeited. 
The fey demanded Bertram wear no weapons or armour as his lord wanted a hunt not a battle. 

Bertram responded with a laugh.
"If I do it naked your lord will never catch me"
The servant smirked.
"Prey will be naked, agreed?"
"Again fair warning. If I do it naked your lord will never catch me"
"Agreed?" the fey was insistent
"Agreed" said Bertram with a defeated sigh.
They battled on a few other unimportant points then we took our leave, Bertram insisting he needed a good long rest before they began.
He looked dejected when we left but as soon as we were out of sight, he straightened up, there was a noticeable bounce to his step and he had a ruthless look on his face.
The last time I saw the look he’d figured out how to kill a demi-lich...



The Morning After The Night Before.


"This is someone's diary!" Flintwalker exclaims.
"It’s the druids, yes. You expect me to know what he was up to by not reading it"
"It's meant to be private!"
"Oh please that's for other mortals, we watch you people all the time, you have no privacy from us anyway!" 
"Then why do you need his diary?"
"I can see what he does but not what's happening in his head and that druids never been quite right in the head" 
"What do you mean?"
"Read on" he says with a grin.

From the diary of Astos the Druid on the 20th Day of Ches 1494 DR (Dale Reckoning)

We went to the town, Bertram apologized for dragging me into the town but he needed someone the fey trusted or at least didn’t distrust as much as other mortals to avoid any accusation of cheating or other attempt to weasel out of their end of the deal.
I confess friend I was quite unhappy, sleeping among other people never mind a town full of them after years of solitude does not make for a good nights rest.
We were greeted at the gates by the watch commander Seamus, it seemed Agris, Bertram's wife had commandeered his quarters in the watch house and had set about organizing the place. 

His desk Sargent was traumatized by the change in routine he informed us with a grin.
The other watch house had offered the same courtesy to the wizard Kellen, though his presence was affecting the house quite differently, never had so many watchmen volunteered to do extra patrols at once.
As to the case against both, the box and note with it had disintegrated before anyone else had a look at it. None of the staff had seen who put it in the kitchen the consensus was it was there before they started in the morning.

The wizards assistant Kellen had provided letters from the main enclave that showed he was already being promoted to an administrators role back in Dark Water once the grand opening of the enclave was done, so any professional motive he had was gone.
He was staying in the watch house in case he was targeted by the same person that targeted his boss but they couldn’t hold him if he chose to leave.

Bertram looked troubled, he conjectured that this could mean there was a third party in town and he’d missed them, unless the wizards documents were false but there was a contingent of them on the way that could verify one way or another so it was a foolish gambit if they were fake. 
Assuming of course the wizards that were coming in weren’t in on it too.
I could almost hear the cogs grinding, I admit I took pleasure in seeing my smart friend flummoxed, it didn’t happen often enough.

Seamus asked what the progress had been made in lifting the curse. Bertram informed him of his deal with the Wyld hunt. The commander was suitably irate but when informed the deal was done and irrevocable his demeanour changed and he informed Bertram in graphic detail what would happen to him if he brought it anywhere near his town. 
Bertram assured him he wouldn’t, he had it all under control.

His wife had told the commander to tell Bertram to call in the morning as she was busy and he wasn’t going to be allowed near Kellen so he brought me to the healers shrine to see the cursed wizard.
I dutifully hummed and hahed over the poor girl, the healers had given her some drafts to ease the pain and let her sleep. I waited an appropriate amount of time before I made my "discovery". 
The curse was not the actual adulterers curse but one crafted to look like it, I had seen it in real life once and there were subtle differences.
Bertram looked quite relieved though slightly disappointed when I informed him that it wasn’t in my power to lift it. 
To his credit, he noted he would still have had to do the hunt but he would have liked to have ended the poor girls suffering sooner.

I gave the healers some herbs I carried with me and gave a brief lesson on their preparation into a slightly more effective sedative. They seemed quite open to advice which makes them better healers than most I encountered on my travels.
We retired to the inn, which should have been closed but was instead packed. All Bertram's workers and suppliers were there, they mobbed us as soon as we came in the door, demands for payments, offers of support, questions about the case against his wife and so forth.

I hadn’t dealt with so many people at once in a very long time and found myself seeking refuge outside, until Bertram silenced them all by announcing he was doing the Wyld hunt.
Even by the door I could feel the mood shift, some of the people demanding payment were the first to speak, Bertram assured them their debts would be covered when they came due as usual, though if they wished to go over those invoices again, Agris would be more than happy to double check the details, they left.

I slipped back inside as they did, the rest of the room was stood almost at military attention, these were the people who worked with him day in, day out. They knew as soon as he said he was going against the Wyld hunt he’s have orders and they were going to follow them because while he was a bastard he was their bastard.
I used to feel the same to tell the truth.

Bertram looked around the room, he told the builders he thought there was a chance this started as an attempt to weasel out of the deal and he wanted them to go over the building with a fine tooth comb and make sure absolutely all of it matched up with the plans and everything was, sanded, swept, polished and clean. 

They nodded and went to leave, Bertram stopped one of them.
Apparently the man had a row boat for sale, Bertram told him he would buy it off him and then asked if he remembered the spot they were going to build that bridge in the summer.
I tried to object but Bertram pointed out that deal said HE wouldn’t prepare equipment, he was buying a boat but it wouldn’t be his until he took possession of it, where he took possession of it was entirely up to the seller. 
He hadn’t asked him to leave it in a place, merely if he remembered one they had some work to do later in the year. I had to concede this would pass muster, in fact it was exactly the sort of double dealing the fey approved of.

He turned to the Inn staff, he congratulated two of them on their recent engagement and as he didn’t have time to get them a proper gift for their engagements they could take tomorrow off and he’d prepare them a nice picnic they could take out to that spot near the grove they were fond of. 
He pinned one of the young men with a look,
"It would be a shame if you forgot your basket out there" he said
"Dreadful" agreed the young man, obviously quick on the uptake with a smile.

As for the rest he ordered them to continue business as usual, if they needed anything from Agris they would have to visit the watch house and if they noticed any strangers about to inform him or the watch commander if they couldn’t find him.
He ordered them to home home and to their own beds for the night.

Once the place was cleared he took a bottle of fine Elven wine down from a high shelf, saying it might help me get oﬀ to sleep easier and gave me a room key.
I had taught him about Elven wines during our adventuring days and apparently he had not forgotten. I almost forgot to step on the squeaky step like a stranger would on the way to bed I was so pleased!
The next morning I awoke to the sound of a busy kitchen and town going about it’s routine.
I went outside to perform my usual morning ritual but found the noise of the town too distracting, which put me in a bit of a mood I have to admit. 
I hate towns as an idea in general, the worlds big enough there’s no reason for people to live on top of each other to such an extent.
I digress yet again.

Bertram came out and asked me to accompany him to his office.
He needed me to confirm he was still inside the terms of the deal. In his office there was a huge safe, from the Oaken Security company according to the logo. 
He ignored that and instead went to a book shelf which slid aside to reveal another safe. One was for business stuff, he told me, this one was for important stuff.
Inside it was a collection of papers, maps of places we had been on our adventures, various trinkets including some my love had presented him with during our time together. 
He took out a rack of various potions, he asked if I remembered where he got them.
Of course I did, he’d found them shortly before we fought the demi-lich.

Then he asked if I agreed he had neither made or purchased them. I snapped, the simple remark triggering the rage I carry within me to come forth. 
"Not purchased them? Did he think losing the others wasn’t a damn price? Did he think seeing my love torn asunder as that rat bastard wizard hid behind her wasn’t a price? I should end him here and now!"
Just as the lands power started to surge through me I caught myself, it wasn’t Bertram's fault, none of us would have gotten out alive if it wasn’t for him. I apologised, he took it calmly and said he meant no disrespect but he was trying to save another and time was an issue.

This wasn’t the first or even the tenth time I’d fallen into a rage about the events of our last adventure together. I agreed he had neither made or purchased the potions though most of them were of obscuring or healing type so they wouldn’t be allowed anyway. There was however a potion of haste that would definitely help but I did caution him the come down from it was terribly abrupt. 
He shrugged and simply said needs must.
He prepared a rather nice picnic as promised though the second basket only contained the potion. 

Then we visited his wife in the watch house,
I have been in a few of them in my time, but I'd never seen one so clean and presentable as this one.
She knocked Bertram on his ass when he told her the plan, then told him if he died she’d kill herself just so she could come after him to beat him again. Then she ordered us out as she had work to do.
A fearsome woman indeed
We visited the site, it was very busy but the foreman assured Bertram there were no issues found. After sending the young couple on the way with their picnic baskets Bertram took a sleeping draught and asked me to wake him in time to get to the grove.
I did consider letting him sleep through but I couldn’t, this was the only way to put my rage to rest. 
I awoke him and we made ready.

When we came downstairs the Inn was empty, walking out on the street we found it was lined with townspeople all the way to the gate.
They applauded, cheered and stamped their feet. They started singing war songs, Bertram slowed his stride and soaked it in, like he was gathering power from it.
At the gate Agris was waiting flanked by both the day and night Watch commanders,
She apologised for hitting him, he told her it was fine, in this case he probably deserved it.
Everyone assembled nodded in agreement.
She threw her arms around and said
"All or nothing my love"
"As always" he said
They shared a kiss so passionate that everyone looked away, though I’m fairly sure Bertram used it as a cover to pass her something, not that I saw anything I just know the bastard well.

The town gates shut behind us and I heard the watch commander shouting for torches to be lit and everyone to arm themselves with a bar of cold iron adding.
"When he loses them they may come this way looking for him and if they do I’ll have a damn hunt of my own waiting for them!"
We made our way to the grove and the Wyld Hunt!


Starters Orders!


From the diary of Astos the Druid on the 20th Day of Ches 1494 DR (Dale Reckoning)
We reached the grove in plenty of time, Bertram was silent most of the way there, occasionally muttering something then twitching, he was clearly running through his route in his mind so I didn’t disturb him. This madness wasn’t what I’d planned but Bertram seemed capable of getting through it and I couldn’t prevent it now anyway.
I’d have my revenge one way or another but I’d rather Bertram didn’t die if at all possible.

We reached the grove and Bertram immediately started to strip.
"Likely won’t work the way I want but it will at least throw him off his game a little" he said with a grin "besides I don’t need anything weighing me down"
Looking at his thin wiry frame I asked if he was sure he didn’t have elf blood.
"I’m sure I have it on a shelf somewhere" he replied with a grin.
We’d had this conversation so often it had become a ritual in itself.

The shadows grey darker, it was almost time. Bertram started to limber up, half way through a light stretch he made an odd request.
"If I don’t make it through this I want you to do something for me" he said.
I expected him to ask me to look after his family or find the curse caster or execute his will or some such instead he asked
"You remember the people in Inn last night? The guy with one arm? He was working on the site this morning too, Wee Davey is his name"
I did actually.
"If I don’t make it through I want you to drag him out on the street and beat him within an inch of his life, then when he’s recovered from that, do it again"
"Why would I...?"
"Once we’re off here go back to the town and ask him how he lost his arm. Oh and make sure no one is planning to come out and interfere, this is difficult enough without someone disturbing the flow of things"
I objected to spending another night in town, he sighed said to go back, pass the order not to interfere and he’d send word in the morning. I assured him I’d be back at the town come day break, I just didn’t want to spend another night in one of his terrible beds.
He laughed, I hope it isn’t the last time I have heard him laugh.

The Hunt came, not so much arriving through the trees but rather forming out of the shadows that were already there. 
Hounds larger than any man, horses made from nightmares with armoured monsters astride them emerged from the ground. 
At it’s centre the many horned Lord of the Hunt sat, beneath his helmet sat two glowing green eyes amid a sea of darkness.
Bertram greeted him with an intricate bow.
"MyLlord, I greet you though I fear you have travelled in vain, according to the agreement you cannot catch me if I am naked and as you can see" he did a surprisingly graceful pirouette "I’m as naked as the day I was born"
The Lord laughed a terribly cruel sounding laugh and came forward.
"I saw that mortal but fear not, I cannot catch you but my hunt can, in fact" he leaned forward until his face was an inch from Bertram's.
"I can be this close, watching as my hounds rend you limb from limb, you’re screaming will be so loud it hurts my ears and mark me, scream you will mortal"
Many people would have quailed in the face of this but Bertram didn’t blink.
"That you can but it won’t be you that catches me, there will be no joy in it for you... Sire"
The last word was almost spat at him, I nearly lost my life at this insanity.
They stared at each other, only Bertram would attempt to stare down something with no visible eyelids!

The loathsome servant slithered up beside the two tactfully interrupting.
"If I may, the time is fast approaching and there are certain niceties to be observed" it whined.
They backed of from each other never breaking eye contact He read from the document they had prepared the night before, Bertram listened intently while pacing to keep his limbs loose.
"Are both parties agreed to all I have said"
"Aye" said all in unison.
"Druid do you attest that the prey abides by the terms leading to tonight"
"To the very letter" I responded "HE left no equipment, neither purchased nor made potions or took any he had previously purchased that would aid him in this hunt"
"The preys hours head start will begin when the last ray of sunlight leaves this trees bark” said the servant, pointing at the largest oak, there was a tiny patch of light still on it. "Dawn will be declared here when the first beam of light touches the same bark. No one will attempt to interfere with the passage of the light to and from the tree, agreed?"
"Agreed" they all said in unison again
"Now to introduce the hunting party" said the servant producing a scroll
"Introducing first, The Lords most loyal servant..." 
Bertram took off the last beam of light had departed the bark.
"Ah for.. I worked on this all day" complained the servant to no one in particular "bastard!"
 
The Lord of the Hunt looked at me
"We thank you for bringing this prey druid, your duties are concluded here, know you have gained our favour, there are few who would offer up such a friend as sacrifice"
Perhaps emboldened by Bertram's lack of respect earlier I replied
"It’s only a sacrifice if you catch him sire and I have my doubts you can"
"Really" he replied "Care to make a wager?"

I hadn’t considered the Lords penchant for gambling nor the potential opportunity it presented. We made a wager.
Bertram's success granted me a favour I could use in my quest for vengeance and if he failed I’d be the loathsome creature he called a Bard's man servant for a year and a day, though I’d have a month to settle my affairs before that began giving me time to enact my plan.
I headed back to the town and passed on Bertram's message, I chose not to seek out the one armed man, there’d be time enough for that later.
Now I’m back in my cave, making final preparations and hoping that I’ll still have a friend in this world come dawn. Be nice to know someone will mourn me if I fail.
Mind you I’m not sure if I want to succeed if he doesn’t win, I mean imagine having to serve the loathsome creature! Have I told you friend how it’s arse is so long and drooping that it wears it as a scarf...



Bertrams Run


The second the light left the tree, Bertram was off, the Lord's servants attempt to distract him with a speech failing abysmally.
Bertram sprinted until he was sure he was out of sight of the grove then he slowed his pace to a steady run, no point in burning out before he got to his first tool.
Some people would have referred to them as tricks but Bertram only considered them tools, the job was to beat the Wyld Hunt, the things that would help him do that were tools.
That sort of mental chicanery was how he’d held his own in the face of the Lord of the Hunt, in his mind he wasn’t even a living thing, merely a mobile obstacle to his task.
One that would gleefully grill his liver over a low fire while he watched admittedly but thoughts like that were not helpful!

His muscles had a nice steady heat to them, not exhaustion merely an indicator they were working properly, his breath was steady, long slow in, long slow out, he could last an hour at this pace.
Comfortable with the pace he let his mind meander over the curse puzzle. 

Targeting the Wizard Saranah with a curse on the day the job was over was an odd choice, it gained the caster little except perhaps an inconvenient claim for compensation against Bertrams wife, which wouldn’t be of any real significance, after all, she gave a box addressed to a person to that person, no judge was going to give more than a token sum for that.
The adulterers curse was clearly a red herring as Bertram was not having an affair with her, she was the daughter of Satos after all, the other survivor of their raid on the tomb of a demi-lich. He and Agris had even looked after her as an infant when Satos was targeted by some terrible monster.

Never did find out who sent that one after him either come to think of it.

The ground started to slope up, the backs of his legs started to feel the strain, he modified his stride to account for the new terrain and still keep up the pace. The ground was firm rather than hard made for good running, for both man and beast unfortunately.

The box appearing in the kitchen, was another issue. Bertram's security was top notch and as a former member he was on great terms with the local thieves guild. He taught lock picking classes once a week and held trap detection and dismantling workshops once a month which were attended by a lot of youngsters thinking of adventuring to build up some funds.
Bertram approved of this wholeheartedly, there were some who took to adventuring as a vocation, like paladins and clerics but generally most people should only do it for a few years.
Get some life experience, see new places, kill new people, make some money, then go build a decent life for yourself somewhere quiet.
People who did it for decades or their entire lives were usually damaged somehow.

He saw the lovers nest ahead, a popular spot for young couples to have a picnic, many a wedding had come a few months after an afternoon there! 
More importantly the young lovers who were there this afternoon should have "forgotten" a basket.
He sprinted the last part of the way, behind him he heard the distant sound of horns, the hour head start was up but things were on schedule so no need to worry he informed himself.
He came to a stop at the lovers nest, it took him mere seconds to spot the basket, there was a small pitcher of water beside it too, which he drank gratefully, as a wave of fatigue hit him.
He’d calculated his normal endurance perfectly.

Inside the basket was a small vial, a swirling yellow and black potion of haste he’d found in the demi-lich’s tomb just before everything had gone to hell. 
Of course at the time he hadn’t known what it was and he wasn’t drinking an unknown potion.
There’s a lesson for the kids he thought; that liquid you found in an ancient ruin may be a helpful potion or it may be poison.
Find someone who can identify these thing before drinking them, you’ll live longer, probably.
He downed the potion in one go, trying to avoid actually tasting it, he’d tried one years ago and it was still the foulest thing he had ever tasted.

He set off at a jog, towards the river which was miles away. 
The potion took a bit of time to kick in as far as he remembered he crested another hill and let gravity propel him down like he used to when he was a child.
Looks silly but it’s actually less strain on the muscles. as he approached the bottom of the hill he saw a huge figure.
He had a brief flicker of panic thinking that perhaps one of the hunt had somehow got ahead of him, then he saw the bedroll atop a pack and realised it was just a large traveller.
He couldn’t afford to stop so he just screamed "Run!" at him as he tore past.

A few seconds later, Bertram chanced a look behind him and saw the stranger lumbering after him.
"Don’t follow me you idiot!" he thought "Damn! I should have said away! Run Away!
As he crested another hill Bertram chanced another look, in place of the stranger there was now a wolf!
"Guess they can look after themselves then" thought Bertram
"Astos can do that too come to think of it" thought Bertram, "what were the odds another druid on a night like this?"
Of course! If someone shape changed into a small animal and reverted inside my kitchen then all the locks in the world were no good.
He went over a hill,
"I wonder when this potion is going to kick in " he thought as he went over another "I wonder if potions go off?"
He went over another hill
"I mean I picked it up years ago but who knows how long it was there for before then!"
Two more hills blurred together as he passed over them.
"Oh wait where did this wind come from, am I doing this? Wheeeee!"
Bertram flew over a set of hills with in a blur, the effect wore off just as got over the last one.

He staggered like a heavy child had just jumped on his back.
He could see the river now and the tree where the boat should be waiting his collection.
He stumbled towards it, having to crawl sometimes as the lethargy backlash of the potion felled him like a body blow.
The druid had warned him but wow this was bad!
He made it to the boat, he pulled up the stake it was tied too and smoothed out the earth he had disturbed then got into the boat and lay there as the current took it, he could rest until just before the waterfall now.
Lethargy overwhelmed him and he passed out.

The boat bounced and bobbed along, gathering speed every moment as it raced towards the distant waterfall.
Bertram slept soundly...
...
...
...
"What is that racket?" Bertram wondered as he came too, "Did Agris leave a window open? It’s cold."
"Seriously! What is that racket!"
Bertram angrily opened his eyes and sat up, he was about to start demanding to know what was going on when he saw the river behind the boat, which incidentally, was looking quite choppy all of a sudden.
"Oh that’s right!" 

He nearly hurt his neck he turned his around so fast.
The waterfall was just ahead, he had seconds!
His original plan had been to pull in and walk around the waterfall and down to the lake but there was no way to do that now.
Jumping for either riverbank didn’t look viable, they were a fraction too far away and a miss would definitely be fatal.
He’d have to jump!

Wee Davey, a regular at his inn had talked about how they used to dive from the top of the waterfall during the summers of his youth, till the day he lost his arm.
There’s no way he’d have gotten much distance from the top of the waterfall given his size, so...

Bertram crouched at the rear of the boat, just as the prow went over the edge he leaped forward, landed on the oarsman seat and jumped forward again, just as the boat tipped over the edge.
He got his hands forwards and it would have been a perfect dive if someone hadn’t shot him, in the arse, with a crossbow bolt!

He felt a spike drive through his skin and let out a terrified yell as he dive turned into a flailing fall.

A torrent of expletives that would have made the druid proud went through Bertram's mind as the water rushed up to meet him.
He stopped falling an inch from the water, everything stopped, he couldn’t move but then nothing was moving!

"Dear" said a woman's voice,
"Yes my love?" said the Lord of the Hunt.
"I’m afraid someone has interfered with your hunt and shot your prey"
"Then they are to be killed dear, it’s the one point we were both firm on"
"Is this true mortal?"

Bertram tried to speak but his mouth wouldn’t move.
Some sort of telepathy then he reasoned so he tried thinking back loudly.
"Yes, if I get through this I’ll feed who ever did this to the hounds myself!"
"Very well may I propose a remedy that will allow this to continue as a fair contest?"
"Please do my love"
"Whatever you desire. m'lady"

Bertram figured he should be polite to someone that could stop time, apparently at will.

"I’ll heal your preys wounds and send some of my guard after the interloper, then you can resume"
"Agreed" said the Lord
"Hang on!" said Bertram "It’s going to take me some time to get my wits together, how about you hold for a bit after the lady heals me"
"It would be fair m’dear" said the ladies voice.
"How much time?"

Bertram decided not to push his luck to far
"A minute?"
"No, a ten count"
"Ten normal breaths"
"Mortal human breaths?
"Yes"
"Agreed then?"
"Agreed"

The pain is Bertram's rear disappeared as suddenly as it had appeared.
"Oh Mortal?"
"Yes?"
"I told you that you would scream did I not?"
Bertram could nearly hear the smirk but he had to concede the point
"Yes you did, sire. I hope the pleasure of being right fills the void not catching me will leave"
"That’s enough boys" said the ladies voice "Back to your game now"

Everything speed up again, his momentum had been nullified so he dropped into the water from an inch rather than falling the full sixty foot into it.
"Thanks" said Bertram aloud, he struck out towards the waterfall.

According to Wee Davey the water flowed out of the lake through a series of tunnels.
Davey had found or rather was dragged through the entrance after a spectacular dive had dropped him right into the flow of water going through it.
Bertram made it to the spot he had mentioned, he could feel something dragging at his toes, there was big difference in their heights so Bertram reckoned it wouldn’t be too far down for him.

Of course finding the entrance was the easy part, surviving entry was another.
Bertram exhaled sharply a couple of times and then took a big breath, his tenth by his count, and dove.
Davey had been spot on about the powerful pull of this current, Bertram fought to get into the centre of it before it could smash him against the wall of sharp rocks around the entrance.
It got black quickly, not dark, dark was an understatement, black, zero light anywhere.
Bertram could neither see nor hear anything, all he could do was hold his breath and pray his lung capacity was as good as Davey’s had been.
The flow began to slow, this is where he had said he tried going up and had found air pockets.

Bertram kicked his legs fish tail style, his ribs were starting to hurt, his eyes started to bulge his hands found the roof of the tunnel but they didn’t break through the water.
The need to exhale was going to kill him any second.
He pulled himself along the roof hands, patting as he went desperately looking for some little hole he could exhale into.
His fingers found a tiny crevice of air, he pushed his lips through the water and exhaled, then inhaled nearly as fast, the air wasn’t fresh but it would sustain him until he could find the section that Davey had told him about.

A little bit further on he found the tunnel expanded and there was a few feet that were free of water. It should continue like this for a stretch thought Bertram then it will suddenly pick up speed, all he had to do was veer to the left and not try to grab the rocks in the middle, that was what had cost Davey his arm.
The rocks were worn razor thin after centuries of erosion so they may as well have been knives.

Sure enough the water picked up speed and soon he was speeding head first down a steep passage at high speed, he tried to keep left as much as he could but he couldn’t see a damn thing so he couldn’t be sure of his exact position, he had nightmare thoughts of a what a razor sharp rock striking him amidships would do to him.
He seemed to have avoided Davey's fate when the water slowed again and levelled out.
Here, he’d said, there was a little shelf that he had pulled himself up on to tend the wound where his arm had been.
Davey had had the benefit of dark vision though so Bertram was forced to feel along the wall as he drifted past with nervous care to see if he could find it.
Then up ahead he saw an actual light.!

As the water carried him closer he saw the outcropping Davey had talked about, however he had neglected to mention any light.
When he pulled himself out of the water he saw there was a door in the side of the cave.
Wee Davey had definitely not mentioned that!
Bertram hauled himself up onto the rock shelf carefully, it was a damp mossy place, now that he’d stopped moving the consequences of immersion in cold water hit him.
For some reason he had it in his head that this deep underground would be warm.
He was wrong, the cold was definitely affecting him, he couldn’t feel his skin.
His arms were still moving but he couldn’t sense them doing so.

“This is bad” he thought Davey’s bulk must have insulated him a bit and his adventure had been near midsummer so the water would have been warmer.
"Stupid thing to miss" thought Bertram groggily "really stupid way to die"
Bertram remembered the door "Oh yeah, what’s this doing here?”

He staggered over and knocked or rather swung his shoulder hard enough to make his hand slap against it three times.
The door opened inwards, the light from the room blinded him temporarily but the heat! Ye gods! The glorious heat!
Bertram staggered towards it, unthinking, the heats embrace was all he cared about, so nice, so warm.
Something behind him grabbed him by the neck and threw him across the floor!

"Dirty! Filthy thing! Who let this wretched mortal into my kitchen!"
Bertram’s vision came clear, he was in a kitchen of some sort, the heat he’d been going towards was from a large stone oven.

Beside the large stone oven was an even larger creature, it looked like a goblin had swallowed an orc, wearing a scullery maids outfit at least two sizes to small for them.
Bertram had never learned to tell the difference between goblin sexes as his interactions with them previously had been exclusively of the sharp blades and screaming nature.
"Sally!" bellowed the creature "Did you let this filthy thing into my kitchen?"
"It’s only the ferryman with the wine for tonight's feast Mrs S" came a voice from somewhere behind the creature.
"No it’s flaming not!" retorted the creature called Mrs S. 
"It is!" came the reply.

Bertram hadn’t moved, he was unsure what his best course of action was here so he wasn’t moving until he knew it was safe to do so or things got so unsafe he had to move.
Also as long as he stayed there he was getting warm which was a definite bonus.
Mrs S sighed and rubbed her forehead
"Sally dear, could you come out here for a moment"
"Yes Mrs S. I was just fetching those plates"
From behind Mrs S came a smaller, much thinner version of Mrs S wearing a dress clearly two sizes to big for her, carrying a crate of gold plates.
Seeing Bertram it screamed and dropped the plates
"That’s not the ferryman!"

Bertram sensed he may be able to turn this to his advantage somehow.
Sighing again, Mrs S casually reached down and picked up a plate, she looked at Sally until she returned the look and then smacked her on the back of the head.
It made a nice dinging sound, the kind you could only produce with practice.
"OW!" exclaimed Sally "What the heck was that for?"
"Did you let this filthy thing into my kitchen?"
"Yes but it did the secret knock so I opened the door on my way into the plates room"
"Secret knock? What secret knock"
"The one the ferryman does"
"That’s not a secret knock, you thicko, that’s just the way he knocks!"
"Oh! Did think it was a bit simple like"
"Oh there’s plenty of simple to go around here! What are we going to do about this thing is the question!"

Bertram felt close to normal now, he looked about there was a table with the carcass of something chopped up, he wasn’t sure what though, various pots and pans hung over tales pushed together to make a worktop, assorted cutlery, some soup tureens, canteens and flasks.
He remembered the rules of the hunt and realised he could be putting them in danger.
"Ladies" he began.
Sally shrieked and jumped into Mrs S’s arms
"It speaks" she shrieked
"Of course it speaks you ninny! It’s a mortal not a mime!"
"Oh sorry, I get them mixed up sometimes"
Bertram choose to ignore that and continue.
"I’m afraid I’ve accidentally put you in danger, I’m the subject of tonight's hunt you see and there’s a rule about interfering..."
"I never interfered with you!" said Mrs S in a shocked voice.
"I could if you like" said Sally with a smile so lascivious that it could be considered a crime in some countries.
Mrs S dropped Sally to the floor unceremoniously and stepped over her to tower over Bertram.

"You came in here of your own accord, yes?" her tone had taken a hard edge, Bertram started to get to his feet, it looked like he was going to have to escape sharpish.
"Yes" he said keeping his tone neutral.
"So if it was all of your own accord and without inducement from us?"
"Yes"
"Then there’s been no interference, in fact a slavering naked mortal just rushed into the kitchen of the fey court and fell upon us all unawares like?"
"Slavering?"
"It’s a good word, helps with the story"
"Is he going to ravish us?" said Sally in a hopeful voice.
"I’m afraid I’m a married man Ms Sally and I take my vows most seriously"
"Not what I 'eard!"
"Truth is someone tried to make it look like I was cheating and now an innocent is suffering because of them, that's why I'm doing this, to protect an innocent"
Mrs S grunted approvingly as Bertram had hoped she would.

"Right! Sally, remember this" she coughed gently and then in a high pitched scandalised voice said 
"Fell upon us all unawares like, naked! And ‘im a married man!"
Sally got to her feet
"Maybe a lawks have mercy at the end" she suggested
 "and ‘im a married man. lawks have mercy!" Mrs S seemed satisfied with the sound of it.
She grabbed Bertram by the chin before he even saw her move.
"Now listen, there’s them upstairs and there’s them downstairs. Them upstairs couldn’t give a tu'penny bit about us downstairs, so we got to look after each other down here. By my reckoning your situation makes you one of us"
Bertram attempted a nod but Mrs S had a powerful grip on his face, she let him go and brushed down her apron.

"So this is what happened, you came in ‘ere, all slavering and naked like, we screamed like the easily startled scullery maids we are and ran to the get the guard, you stole some things and took off"
Sally placed a flask and some bread on the table.
"You stole them things there AND NOTHING ELSE! Then you took off. Got it?"
Bertram considered asking for a knife but remembered that weapons were banned.
"I thank you kindly ladies"
"Don’t thank us, just win, we like a good underdog story round here"
"We also like to win bets" added Sally primly.
"Don’t approve of gambling myself" said Mrs S "though I do enjoy teaching those that partake the error of their ways"

They headed towards a door at the other side of the kitchen. 
"You're very devious today Mrs S" said Sally
"We’re scullery maids Sally, the scull is for skulduggery, it’s in the job description"
Mrs S looked over her shoulder
"Shut the door on your way out, go on now, shoo"
Bertram grabbed the flask and bread, then headed back out the door.
As he closed the door he heard Mrs S ask Sally to remind her to make little sausages later and then she screamed at the top of her voice. 
"Oh lawks have mercy! A slavering mortal! Oh help!…."

Bertram headed back out to the river, the flask was warm, he clutched it to his chest, put the hunk of bread in his mouth and leaped into the middle of the current.
All he had to do for the next bit was float and let the water carry him, which it did at speed.
The heat of the flask kept him warm for bit but the cold started to seep into his bones again.
He raised his head to make sure there weren’t any rocks ahead when he saw an impossible thing.

Ahead of him there was a boat coming upstream!

Bertram realised he was going to smash into the boat pretty hard at his current speed.
He spat out the bread, which had gotten wet despite his efforts.

"Ho the Boat! Get out of the way!" he yelled.
A figure appeared on the prow of the boat and thrust a pole at him.
Bertram hugged it, an instinctive defensive move rather than a quick witted grasp of what was going on, not that he'd ever admit that to anyone but Agris.
Bertram was hoisted out of the water with apparent ease and placed on a seat by boats rudder. 
A lone lantern lit up the boat in a cold yellow light.
It was quite a long flat bottomed boat, stocked with boxes and crates, the ferryman was a large, thin robed figure, that moved around the boat with ease, it’s hands were the only visible part of it.
It took the pole it had used to lift Bertram out of the water and raised it above it’s head. The pole expanded at both ends until it was firmly pressed against both walls. The figure grabbed a length of rope off the boats floor and tied the pole to the seat opposite Bertram.
"There" said the figure "That’ll hold for a bit"
It sat down opposite Bertram

"Now then, time for a spot of lunch" it said reaching long bony hand toward Bertram.
"I’m part of the hunt!" exclaimed Bertram, leaning back in horror. "You can’t interfere!"
The figure turned it’s head as if it heard something, then shook it’s head dismissing the noise.
"Nothing! Just these tunnels playing tricks on an old man's hearing" came a voice from beneath the robes hood.
It sounded like it was being shouted from another room in a large house.
It continued it’s lunge to grab the flask Bertram had placed on the seat beside him.
This part of the run had really not gone the way he planned at all!

Bertram noticed it’s hands had an extra row of knuckles as it took the flask.
"The ferryman I assume?" queried Bertram
"Hello? Odd that, I could have sworn I heard something"
Bertram kept quiet, it seemed to be what the creature wanted.
It dug out a tin cup from among the boxes behind it and opened the flask.
"Ah thank you sweet lady fortune! My boating pole just found one of Mrs S’s soup flasks floating by and I rescued it. Shook some filth off it and had myself a nice lunch, all on my own."
He poured out a thick soup into the cup and put the flask back next to Bertram.
" ’Course it was only half full as the knave who purloined it clearly had some then dropped it in the river as they escaped"

Bertram took the hint and drank some soup straight from the flask.
It was potato and leek and right now, it the greatest food on Bertram had ever tasted.
"Must keep me eyes out for that prey the Lords boys are out hunting, dreadful bunch of braggarts, no manners or breeding, as me mother would say"
It placed the cup on the seat beside it, reached towards the spot where he’d placed the flask earlier, finding nothing it waited expectantly, Bertram placed the flask down in the same spot, the ferryman grabbed it.
"Asked me that specifically they did, to keep my eyes out for it, then they laughed because it was funny, on account of me being blind like. Helped themselves to some of the wine too, Mrs S won’t be happy about that."
He rinsed his cup out in the water.

"Ah I shouldn’t be to hard on them, I suppose they're bored, the prey gave them the slip and now they're on guard duty. The hounds are to the east, the party to the south and the Lord to the west all by himself, guarding all the ways out that mortal prey might take from the cave ahead"
The ferryman took the flask and rinsed it out in the river.
"Ah well I'd best be getting on, just a stupid old ferryman, working all hours to keep them lords in food and drink for centuries without so much as a thank you! I do hope nothing spoils their mood"
It stood up and grabbed the pole, it shrank to it’s previous size.
It turned to push off and paused.
"Hearing a splash wouldn’t be too unusual round a river, in fact it’s odd I haven’t heard one yet, being all alone on this boat like"

Bertram took the hint and dived back into the river, he was close to the exits at last but now he had a new problem, he had only known about the exit to the east, Davey hadn’t mentioned or seen the other exits, in fairness he was down an arm at the time so he was probably a little off his game.
He knew the eastern one went out into a wide stream that fed into the towns river but he didn’t know if the other two would be safe to exit from.
What if they were waterfalls or just filled with more razor rocks?
The river widened and became shallow enough for Bertram to wade through rather than swim.

He stood, grateful to be mostly out of the cold water again, there was some sort of fluorescent moss like stuff on the walls emitting a low light from small, teardrop shaped, buds, Bertram could make out three passages ahead of him, the one to the east was much higher than the other two, it was possible the other exits were submerged when Davey went through or more likely he just saw the big one first and went to it.

He was about to wade over to get a closer look at the exits when he noticed the water was slightly different ahead of him, he cautiously probed forward with a foot, the "Floor" he was walking on fell away and there was a strong current from there too.
He’d have to make the call from here.
Bertram stepped back from the edge of the drop off, he was still nearly knee deep in water but he could assess the situation better from here.

The way he saw it he had three problems, he didn’t know what time it was, his way out was guarded by hounds and the alternatives were guarded by the hunting party and the Lord of the Hunt respectively. Also his legs were stiff and tired, if he had to run suddenly when he got out he might not be able to make it far enough to come up with a good plan.
There was also the issue of the fey door attached to that too, he had technically been in the fey court, even if it was just the kitchen.

All the stories about the fey court said time moved differently there, they also said that people who ate the food at fey feasts emerged to find years had passed, was it because they participated in the feast by eating or was the food itself was magical?
Had that flask of soup moved him through time?
Technically that would be covered under the same loophole as the haste potion but surely there would have been some signal the hunt was over?
"Should have put that in the deal!" he thought

Only practical way to find out when he was, would be to get above ground and that brought him to the guarded exits and his physical abilities.
If he went out the way he originally planned to, the hounds were waiting and he couldn’t out run them in his current state, the same applied to the hunting party. The Lord of the Hunt wasn’t allowed catch him but he could alert the other two groups and they would likely be on him fast.
He also had no idea how far apart they were geographically.
Still it gave him more time to react than the other two exits, assuming of course they were safe enough to pass through, the fact they were all being guarded suggested they could be but that didn’t mean it would be easy.
"Like anything ever is." he thought mournfully.

Bertram started rolling his feet and doing some light stretches in the water to see if he could loosen his muscles a bit.
It didn’t really do much for his muscles but mentally he felt a bit better about his condition. As he did he looked at the luminescent moss on the wall, the moss ringed the cave a foot or so above his head.

Must be the high water mark he thought, the light coming off the moss was from small glowing droplet shaped buds scattered in no discernible order throughout the moss.
"Should gather a handful of them to use as a torch in the tunnel out" he thought "that might make it easier to find my way through.
He reached up and pulled at the moss, it had more of a hard long grass feel to it than he’d expected, he could feel individual strands as he pulled at it. It was dug in pretty well but he got it off the cave wall with a little effort.

Something stung his hand, he snatched it away from the moss to find one of the luminescent teardrops had attached itself to his thumb. Resisting the urge to yell he pulled it off his thumb, it took a tiny bit of skin with it!
There was a rippling among the luminescent teardrops, the lights were definitely moving towards him!
Now, most people facing an oncoming swarm of bloodsucking insects would have had attempted to escape or fend them off but Bertram, Bertram had an idea!
He started scrambling to pull even more moss of the wall!

Outside the eastern outlet, sat a pack of fey hounds, set there by their master to see if the prey came out that way.
The river, well more of a large stream at this point, came out too fast to wade through, they knew this because they had spent a good hour trying. At first they were actively trying to get the prey but when that didn't work they continued for a bit because it was it was fun to get washed down stream a little ways.

They could feel their masters frustration even from there, this prey had gotten away, they had been here for an age with no sign or clue that the prey was here. They could only hope to find him, there would be joy in the finding. Suddenly they got a scent from close to where the water was, it was the prey!

As one the pack stood and started padding about to get a good position to attack the prey, something floated out on to top of the water, it was carried too fast to get a proper look but everything looked different in water, it smelled right and was the right size, it was enough.

The pack gave a howl to let the master know they had found the prey, the joy!
In the distance horns sounded, they could feel their masters excitement rising.
"Track! Don’t attack!" came the telepathic command "I come"
Dutifully the pack kept pace with the prey in the water, barking so the rest of the hunt could find them quickly and to let the prey know it was soon to be food.
The sky started to brighten, the false dawn, already.
The master swore and ordered the attack.
The hounds leaped from the water bank snarling and growling, in the pack bond the feelings came through.
"Found the prey! Joy in the finding!"
"Eat the prey! Joy in the rending!"
The first hound to get close closed it’s maw around part of the prey.
"It is not food, it is the green ground!"
Some of the other hounds bit too, they agreed.
A wave of disappointment washed through the pack bond.
Followed by pain.
"The not prey bites!"

The other hounds found themselves similarly set upon by small biting things, they made for the shore, yelping all the way.
When they got to shore, they rolled on the ground trying to crush the creatures, yelping in pan and confusion. 
The hunting party arrived and dismounted to tend to the hounds once they realized the prey was not there.
They began to pull small white bugs off the hounds.
Cursing the Lord of the Hunt wheeled his mount around and headed for the exit he had been guarding...

Bertram emerged from the tunnel, the low light of the false dawn giving him a sense of hope as he crawled out.
The exit had turned out to be very low and clogged with rocks but it had been so wide the water was easy to navigate.
If the tunnel had been submerged, he’d have died but as it was he had simply added a few more cuts and scrapes to his now massive collection.
"Those bugs had a damn fine feast" he thought as he surveyed his flayed looking arm. 

Once he’d gotten them onto the long moss raft he’d made he’d avenged his wounds by making sure they smelled like him using the only available tool.
"All that running water can have an effect on a man after all" he thought smugly.
Bertram surveyed the area around him, there was no sign of any guard. 
He was about three quarters of the way up a hill, beneath him there was a band of thick trees obviously sustained by the water outlet.
Above him there were more tree’s.
"No wonder I didn’t know about this spot" he thought.

He couldn’t see any landmarks he recognised so he headed for the top of the hill. as he got away from the sound of running water he could hear pained yelping in the distance, he should probably have felt bad but instead he felt a grim satisfaction.
"It really is hard to feel sympathy for something that’s intent on tearing you to shreds" he mused.
He could almost hear Agris chastising him for the thought.
He was feeling oddly mellow.
From the top of the hill he got a better view, it wasn’t sunrise yet but it wasn’t far off, maybe twenty minutes he reckoned. 
He still couldn’t see anything he recognised so he moved east trying to conceal himself in case he could be seen from below.

After a few minutes he got to a spot where he could see river the streams fed into below, in the distance he saw horses and armoured figures which appeared to be wrestling hounds on its banks. 
"Must be the hunting party and the hounds" he thought.
Of more immediate concern was the figure on horseback charging in his direction, it would be at the base of the hill in a minutes.
Bertram backed off hurriedly, he couldn’t be sure if he had been seen but why risk it?
"Options" he ordered himself to quell rising panic "I can hide here and hope time runs out.
No.
I’m sure to have left wet footprints around and they are good enough to spot them, running is the only option that makes sense but where too?"

He worked it out, marking directions with his fingers.
"If the river was there, then this hill was there, so the grove where I left my clothes is there.
So North West should take me along the hills and back to the lake. 
Which is nearly all uphill from here, sod that!
These trees seem to run north east for a bit I’ll stick to them and hope I can dodge him for another while."
"And if you can’t?" came his own voice unbidden to his mind.
"Shut up!" he thought back to himself.
"Ye Gods! I need to get warm I'm becoming addled"
He moved between the trees at a steady jog rather than a run, what he lost in time he gained in stealth, dodging things like twigs, branches and muddy ground that might hold his tracks to give him away.

Minutes ticked by, even the slow jog was painful to his tendons, he could see no signs of pursuit but he resisted the desire to stop and walk.
He started bargaining with himself,
"See that tree up there? Lets get there and see how we feel, eh?"
He’d get to the tree and talk to himself into getting to the next one.
Birds were singing now, the dawn chorus!
"Surely it was over now? Surely he could rest now?"
"Don’t call me Shirley!" he thought to himself and giggled.
"Oops supposed to be quiet!"
Suddenly there was the sound of a horse galloping behind him!
He’d heard nothing until just now!
"No! It had to be over, didn’t it?"
The Lord of the Hunt charged towards him, hand outstretched, he snatched Bertram up by the throat and hoisted him into the air. 
He pulled Bertram forward until they were face to face.
The glowing green orbs for eyes bored into Bertram's soul! 
"Scream for me again mortal!" he demanded Bertram obliged.



Into The Spring Court


"That's it?" Flintwalker demanded incredulous.
"That's how the hunt ended" says the Bard "The story is of the hunt not the consequences of the hunt"
"Well that's a bit... I'm not happy with that ending, what else happened?"
"I honestly can't tell you, I had the change of seasons feast to prepare for and once the hunt ended my duties were over" he eyes you thoughtfully for a second "Tell you what, if you want to find out I can bring you as a guest to the feast and we'll find out together"
"Umm..." Flintwalker thought fast 
Fey feasts were notoriously dangerous but also great, to attend one and survive would be quite the story. 

"What would be expected of me? I have no gifts to bring..."
"None needed, that's for the change to summer feast, do you have a story? Preferably one about a hunt?"
"I do"
"Then in exchange for an invite to the feast you'll be expected to tell it. However I should also warn you that manners are paramount here, bad manners could get you killed"
"Like using the wrong spoon or general courtesy?"
"Courtesy of course"
Flintwalker pondered for a less than second, they could always just smile and nod through the meal.

"Shall we go?" 
The Bard looked at them sternly
"Are you sure you want to come?"
Flintwalker nodded, growing impatient.
"So be it, you are my invited guest to the feast of the spring court, I mark you as such"
The Bard waved his hands.
Flintwalker felt something press against their forehead but when they put their hand to it felt nothing.
"Must be some sort of fey marking... I hope" Flintwalker thought.
"The usual rules of hospitality apply:
Eat and drink only what you're freely given, 
Speak to the Lord and Lady only when asked too, 
Entertain when you're called to,
Do no harm by word or deed to guest or servant.
And I'll say it again take only what is freely given"
He'd clearly said this piece a lot.
Flintwalker grunted and nodded to signal acceptance.

"I hope your more eloquent than that tonight" said the bard coming to stand beside them.
"Now observe this oak" 
He stepped towards it. 
Flintwalker stepped with him
 "What do you see?"
"A tree"
He stepped again
"And now?"
The tree seemed to have grown
"A big tree"
"Once more"
He stepped again. 
Flintwalker stepped with him.

Suddenly they stood before large oaken gate in the middle of a stone wall on a desolate plain, the wind whips around you and howls in a sad rage.
When Flintwalker looked behind them there are trees by a lake fed by a waterfall.
"Fey magicks!" thought Flintwalker with admiration.
The bard knocked three times on the gate and it opened, inside four guardsmen dressed in armour made of thorns stood ready with spears that glowed a cold blue.
"We know the servant of the court but not his companion" they say in unison "State your name!"

Flintwalker figured they should give the name the fey knew them by
 "I" they said trying to look majestic "Am Howls from Wrong End"
The four guards snerked simultaneously. 
Recovering quickly they straightened up and said formally
"Do you accept the rules of hospitality?" 
"Yes"
Looking to the bard they asked
"You have marked this mortal as your guest, you accept you may share it's punishment if it transgresses"
"Yes, yes get on with it!" the bard replied irritably 
"Welcome mortal to the court of spring" they said as a chorus.
The world blurred around Flintwalker...



End of Chronicle 1

Next Chronicle: Flintwalker In The Fey Court. 
Coming in 2022

The original entries for the Fey court adventure are already available for all tiers on my Patreon if you can’t wait.
Patreon https://www.patreon.com/legendgerry 



Find me on Social Media 
FaceBook: https://www.facebook.com/legendgerryAdventures
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Legendgerry 
Discord: https://discord.gg/vVEGnxHd4Q 
Youtube https://www.youtube.com/user/legendgerry/

The Flintwalker Chronicles: First Contacts
Smashwords Edition 
Was Published by Gerald Mc Evoy at and Distributed by: Smashwords. 
Copyright 2017 

Discover other Smashwords titles by Legendgerry
Freeport Nights: The Racer

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this e-book. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. 
If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favourite authorized retailer. 
Thank you for your support.
