
The Snow Nymph

Jon Jacks


Other New Adult and Children’s books by Jon Jacks

The Caught – The Rules – Chapter One – The Changes – Sleeping Ugly
The Barking Detective Agency – The Healing – The Lost Fairy Tale
A Horse for a Kingdom – Charity – The Most Beautiful Things (Now includes The Last Train)
The Dream Swallowers – Nyx; Granddaughter of the Night – Jonah and the Alligator
Glastonbury Sirens – Dr Jekyll’s Maid – The 500-Year Circus – The Desire: Class of 666
P – The Endless Game – DoriaN A – Wyrd Girl – The Wicker Slippers – Gorgesque
Heartache High (Vol I) – Heartache High: The Primer (Vol II) – Heartache High: The Wakening (Vol III)
Miss Terry Charm, Merry Kris Mouse & The Silver Egg – The Last Angel  – Eve of the Serpent
Seecrets – The Cull – Dragonsapien – The Boy in White Linen – Porcelain Princess – Freaking Freak
Died Blondes – Queen of all the Knowing World – The Truth About Fairies – Lowlife
Elm of False Dreams – God of the 4th Sun – A Guide for Young Wytches – Lady of the Wasteland
The Wendygo House – Americarnie Trash – An Incomparable Pearl – We Three Queens – Cygnet Czarinas
Memesis  – April Queen, May Fool – Sick Teen – Thrice Born – Self-Assembled Girl – Love Poison No. 13
Whatever happened to Cinderella’s Slipper? – AmeriChristmas  –  The Vitch’s Kat in Hollywoodland
Blood of Angels, Wings of Men  –  Patchwork Quest  –  The World Turns on A Card  –  Palace of Lace
The Wailing Ships  –  The Bad Samaritan  –  The 13th Month  –  The Silvered Mare  –  SpinDell
Swan Moon  –  The Unicorndoll  –  Lesser Nefertiti  –  My Shrieking Skin  –  Stone in Love
Font of All Lies  –  The Bared Heart   –  The Fairy Paintbox  –  An Angelic Alphabet
Forewarnings and Three Grapes  –  Death of a Fairytale Princess  –  The Incurable Caress
The Maid’s Caul  –  Nu’s Ark  –  A Disgraced Angel  –  Wake Me Up When it’s Christmas
God’s Toybox  –  Aurora Rising  –  The Veil  –  Petals: Portals of Desire  –  Ripppples
The Golden Elk  –  The Deep and Secret Yes

Text copyright© 2021 Jon Jacks
All rights reserved
Smashwords Edition, License Notes 
Thank you for downloading this ebook. It remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. 
Thank you for your support.



Chapter 1

‘Gather round, gather here, and see the caged snow nymph!’
Showman that he was, Glaukos tried to add spurring tones of conviction to his proclamation.
Yet it was all pitiably lacklustre, compared to his usual standards.
She could be any other scraggy girl.
She could be dead, she lay so still.
The smattering of an audience thought so too.
‘It’s just some poor slave girl you can’t be bothered feeding!’
‘Or washing down!’ 
Glaukos regretted his decision not to dress his prize up in any way.
If, indeed, she was actually any ‘prize’ at all.
She’d come his way because he’d found her, exhausted and delirious, in a pile of snow on the edges of the southern desert. 
The snow had long gone.
Melted away into nothing but water, even though Glaukos’s aids had tried to shovel it all into the bottom of her cage as they’d taken possession of her.
The water had stayed there until it evaporated, held in place by a trough that originally held the ‘Mermaid of the Western Seas’.  
When Glaukos had first put his ‘mermaid’ on display, he’d naturally replaced her legs with the crudely stitched on lower parts of a dolphin.
She’d soon died, of course, but not before she’d brought in enough money to save his floating menagerie of the weird and wonderful.
He glanced up to where Matto, his ‘angel’, swung precariously amongst the ship’s rigging, the huge wings strapped across the poor man’s back constantly threatening to unbalance him and send him plummeting to his death on the timbered deck.
Then there was the child of the minotaur, an infant born with cruel disfigurements Glaukos had permanently blackened with ingrained soot before splicing horns from a young bullock into raggedly cut flesh.
His even more torturously constructed three-headed spawn of Cerberus was now noticeably weakening even in the darkness of what passed for a hold (any oarsmen, if Glaukos could afford them, would have found that their benches had been removed long-ago), a poor draw for crowds expecting to be terrified.  
What, though, should a snow nymph look like?
What should he do to make his miserable specimen even halfway believable?

 
*


‘Well, what do you expect a snow nymph to look like?’ 
Glaukos’s tone towards his audience was suitably belligerent, hiding his hope that they might be able to provide him with a helpful answer.
‘That river nymph you had last time you visited,’ cried out an older member of the crowd, ‘didn’t she have scales and seaweed growing everywhere about her from her skin?’
Yes, thought Glaukos – but how long do river nymphs last?
Hardly any time at all, no matter how carefully the grafting was applied.
‘So you’re saying a snow nymph should have scales?’ Glaukos spat back as jovially as he could muster, wishing to give the impression he wasn’t in anyway affronted by the man’s implication that everything on the ship had always been and would always be fraudulent.
That’s the problem with any real creatures, thought Glaukos bitterly.
They’re always a disappointment; none of them could hope to live up to the expectations of a crowd parted from their money.
‘I bring to you a wonder,’ Glaukos announced proudly, ‘only to fall foul of your own lack of knowledge as to what a snow nymph looks like!’
‘We don’t even know what snow looks like!’ admitted another member of the crowd with a depreciating guffaw. ‘We’re lucky these days if we can even see it from miles away on a mountain top!’
‘Is that it?’ yelled out another. ‘Is she melting in the sun?’
Glaukos glanced down towards the prone nymph.
She certainly looked in a bad way.
Maybe if she wailed a bit; well, maybe then she might look like she was wilting in the heat!
Maybe this had been a bad idea all along.
Maybe she should be a river nymph, perhaps with water lilies fountaining out from her flesh; at least, that way, he’d get a few weeks’ worth of entertainment out of her!


*


Chapter 2

What are we to make of Glaukos’s apparently foolish assertion to have acquired a snow nymph?
Certainly, he’s far from being the type to be taken seriously, let alone believe, even when he makes the most apparently innocuous of statements.
So his claim to have found a snow nymph? Well, any sensible person would take it with a pinch of salt!
He’s a man renowned for his tendency to exaggerate!
This is the man, after all, who once displayed Medusa’s head, along with a warning that anyone who unwisely asked to see it clearly would be instantly turned to stone!
It was displayed, therefore, amongst a myriad of burnished copper mirrors: all entirely for reasons of safety, naturally.
Glaukos’s wouldn’t want his audience of gullible buffoons to be all immediately petrified, would he now?
Why, to prove his point, he’d even put on display those who’d unfortunately ignored his well-intentioned advice and were now nothing more than crude statues!
Glaukos appeared to possess a remarkable skill in acquiring the most wondrous of characters a mere matter of weeks before they died in the most atrociously painful and horrendous circumstances.
His centaurs, for instance – he’d had three, through the time of his shows – were quite surprisingly lazy, refusing to stir from the masses of hay piled high in their ‘stables’. The equine constituent of their bodies moved not at all and, sometimes, as the piled hay at last collapsed, the hind legs immediately crumpled beneath the weight of the torso.
They reeked, too, of rotting bodies.
And who could forget the Serpent Girl, spawn of Mar’s himself?
Glaukos remained forever shocked that some elements of his audience at least had the decency to weep and protest that the poor girl was far too young to be used in this way. 
Naturally, the python’s body sewn about her waist was replaced every few months – for weren’t serpents famous for their ability to shed a skin and appear renewed? – but the toll on the poor girl’s sorely treated body left her suffering with all manner of boils and pestilent wounds until she final succumbed to a fierce fever.
But, enough of Glaukos’s exhibits.
What of the great Glaukos himself?
He was a poor fisherman until, by great good fortune, he caught within his nets one day a mermaid!
A mermaid that – even though she was unfortunately dead – netted him far more money than a daily catch of fish when he put it on display, charging curious customers a small fee for the privilege of casting their eyes over such an unbelievably wonderful creature. 
He was therefore uncontrollably distraught when his mermaid began to decompose, to fall apart – almost to the point where Glaukos’s stitching, combining fish with monkey, was revealed to all.
Still, if he’d caught his mermaid out at sea, why couldn’t he fish in the same area and arrive back on shore with another wondrous catch?
One more remarkable still, for, as Glaukos told it, this one had been alive until he’d dragged it from the sea, only for it to die, gasping for air (or should that be water?) on his deck.
Ah, but we’re back to his exhibits, aren’t we?
But then, what is Glaukos without his exhibits?
Surely, though, he can’t have always been like this?
Even though, as we’ve heard, he was originally a poor fisherman, his parents had obviously had high hopes for their son: otherwise, why grant him such an illustrious name as Glaukos?
The original Glaukos – which means ‘glimmering’ – had also begun life as an impoverished, mortal fisherman; yet rose to become a powerful, immortal (although, alas, he could still age!) sea god in his own right!
This Glaukos had chased a hare across Mount Oreia for so long that, at last, the poor creature fell, near death with exhaustion and fear. Not wishing to cause the poor hare to die (at least, not just yet – what an entirely different Glaukos this is to the poor specimen whose experiences we’re following!), Glaukos quickly searched around, seeking out herbs that might help revive it. Finding none that he recognised, he began to pull up clumps of nearby grass, rubbing it rapidly across the quivering creature’s body. 
Fortunately for Glaukos, it was a grass akin to the magical herb known as dog’s-tooth that, sown by Cronus, grows on the sacred island of Thrinacia, where it serves as a remedy against fatigue for Helios the sun god’s horses. 
When the herb revived the hare, the canny Glaukos tried it on the dead fish of his catch, which also sprang back into life.
Naturally, the next step was to make a dish of this wondrous herb for himself. It plunged him into a state of divine madness – but also caused him, much to his regret, to begin to grow fins, while his legs underwent a gradual transformation into a fish’s tail. 
It was a blessing in disguise.
Having possibly been the builder and pilot of Jason’s ship, Argo (rather than the more popularly acclaimed Argus), he was flung into a stormy sea in the sea battle with the Etruscans. 
Here Oceanus and Tethys received him as one of their own. And by the will of Zeus, he became a sea god, learning the art of prophecy and coming to the rescue of sailors and fishermen caught up in terrible storms. 
His supposed parents are numerous indeed, your choice depending upon which tradition you trust most: Nereus, Copeus, Polybus (son of Hermes), Anthedon and Alcyone, or Poseidon and the nymph Naïs.
What, though, of Sisyphus and Merope, who also had a famous son called Glaukos?
This would make him, perhaps, at least half immortal from the very start.
For Merope was a daughter of Atlas, and the only one of the Pleiades to mate with a mortal.
This Glaukos was far from being a favourite of the sea god Poseidon.
Poseidon stole away Glauko’s bride-to-be Mestra, the shape-shifting daughter of Erysichthon.
Then when Glaukos married Eurynome, Zeus declared he could have no children; and so it was Poseidon who became father of Bellerophon, the rider of Pegasus.
Not that fame entirely alluded him.
To preserve the speed of the war horses that powered his racing chariot, he both kept his mares from mating and feed them on human flesh.
But either because they’d fed on a frenzy-inducing herb, or there were no supplies of flesh at the games, they turned on their master and devoured him instead.


*


Only loosely strapped in place, the cage jolted and slid haphazardly with every roll of the ship, every crashing wave sweeping across the deck. 
Khione hardly minded; she appreciated, rather, the freezing chill of the waters, even though it was nowhere near as cold or lingered as long as she would have wished.
It was supposed to be a punishment, she realised; for the way she’d refused to play her part as a snow nymph in front of the crowds Glaukos’s exuberant cries had gathered about her.
High above her, the ship’s great sail snapped, cracked, and flapped chaotically in the wailing wind. If anybody aboard this traveling circus knew anything about sailing an ocean-going vessel, he was keeping it well hidden, probably deep in the darkness of the hull where most had already taken shelter.
‘Gods protect those who humbly commit themselves to their care,’ Glaukos declared with another anxious slug of wine from the jar held in the crock of his raised arm. ‘Whereas if we’ve already angered Poseidon, there’s no saving us anyway.’
Matto, stripped of his great white wings, glanced out across a swiftly darkening sea. 
‘A sea monster’s out there, I’d heard while we were ashore; one capable of swallowing ships whole.’
His handsome face remained impassive, perhaps because he refused to believe such a thing, Khione noted with interest.
He glanced her way with an innocently angelic look of pity.
‘If we’re taking shelter below, we should bring the girl– ‘
‘We should bring the girl nothing of comfort!’ Glaukos bluntly interrupted. ‘Unless you’d like to join her, Matto?’  
Matto may well have been taller than Glaukos, yet it was only elegantly so, with an almost feminine grace. Glaukos, on the other hand, was bullock-like in his width and callous ferocity, the strength of his arms still formindabel despite the onset of the flabbiness of over-indulgence. 
‘If you let me go,’ Khione announced, her voice croaking with bitterness, ‘the gods’ anger will be assuaged!’
‘It speaks!’ Glaukos guffawed with mock surprise. ‘So, if anything goes amiss, she can cry out a warning to us all!’
And yet, when the threat eventually came, Khione found she could only whimper in fear.


*


Chapter 3

Even amongst the combined darkness of the rain-drenched sky and raging sea, it was something darker still.
A high rising, round-topped island, perhaps?
But no – this was no island.
It was moving.
Khione was sure of it.
‘It can’t be; it’s far too large to be moving,’ Matto reassured her when she pointed out the way the immense black shape appeared to be shifting across the ever-darkening horizon.
Matto had slipped away from the others, coming up on deck despite Glaukos’s warnings to make a fruitless attempt at loosening the cage’s many fastenings. 
He’d brought her food, too, and fresh water, all of which she’d refused.
‘Have you any raw fish?’ she asked, staring in disgust at the roasted food he’d offered her.
‘Raw fish?’ Matto chuckled.
He was lying across the wooden decking, while gripping the cage’s bars, the only sure way to avoid being washed overboard in the increasingly violent sea.
As the ship rolled and tossed, waves washed across the boarding, carrying with them anything that had been foolishly left untied. Which meant most things.
Matto was drenched, and shivering. His skin glistened with the sheen of ivory, as if he’d been created from the finest materials by the most adept sculptor.   
Despite the freezing chill,  he reached out into a wave surging past him, seeing within it a flash of rapidly moving silver; and his long fingers curled expertly about a fish, catching it before it had the chance to return to the depths.
‘Your fish!’ he said, presenting it to Khione with a triumphant if wry grin. ‘Though how you mean to eat it, I can’t even begin to guess.’
Gratefully taking the fish with hungry eyes, Khione laid the fish out across her palms; and in an instant, it was crisply frozen.
Brittle now, its eyes thankfully glassy, it broke up effortlessly into slivers under Khione’s nimble fingers, allowing her to devour it piece by delicious piece, and with surprising rapidity too.  
‘That island,’ Matto said worriedly, looking off towards the horizon once more, ‘it does seem to be moving…’
As Khione exultantly finished off the last biscuit-like slices of frozen fish, she looked up towards the dark shape.
‘It is moving!’ she exclaimed fearfully. ‘We’re not moving that fast for it to be growing so quickly in size! We’re hardly moving forward at all!’
‘You’re right,’ Matto at last agreed.
He tried to stand, to obtain a better view, but it wasn’t possible on the viciously tossed, violently rocking ship. 
The dark shape was now drawing swiftly towards the sea-pummelled ship. 
Yet those same surging waves that so effortlessly battered Glaukos’s ship appeared to have little effect on the vast area of darkness so rapidly bearing down upon them.
Then the darkness abruptly expanded, rising ever higher.
It was darkness that was opening up.
Revealing a still yet darker interior.
A mouth.
The darkness had a great, absorbingly black mouth.


*


The vast maw of the encroaching darkness also had teeth; of a kind.
The dim light of an overshadowed moon picked out here and there the glittering edges of white protrusions the size of ancient monoliths. Projecting out far beyond the mouth’s upper reaches, and curling away from each other, two great sabre teeth sparkled along their sharp inner edges.
The curving, elongated teeth guided the ship’s mast into their scissored embrace; then completely snapped the huge beam, sending the sail tumbling down onto the deck.
As the sheet of wildly rippling canvas fell across her, Khione’s last sight was of the beast’s gigantic mouth closing about them.
The sea serpent swallowed the ship whole, as if it were nothing but a minnow.


*


Chapter 4

It all seemed so suddenly, strangely silent after the constantly pained shrieking of the storm.
Even the fallen sail lay still everywhere about her, its covering of darkness complete, the air chilled and damp.
The ship rolled only listlessly, as if becalmed.
Khione was perplexed.
Is this really what being swallowed by a sea monster was like?
Shouldn’t they be hurtling now, uncontrollably, chaotically, down a long and winding throat?
The silence was shattered by an urgent clanking of wood, of many hurried steps on a short flight of stairs. 
‘The storm’s finished!’
‘We’re saved!’
‘What? Why’s it still so ridiculously dark?’
‘It’s the sail!’ came a relieved laugh, along with the dulled creak of someone pressing hard against the underside of the canvas. ‘It’s fallen: that’s all!’
Everyone chuckled elatedly as they rushed up from where they’d taken refuge in the hold. 
Of course, it seemed to them that the storm had simply passed them by, leaving them and the ship relatively unscathed.
Khione chuckled too, if bitterly and silently.
They had no idea that they’d been entirely swallowed by the beast.


*


‘It’s too heavy!’
‘We’ll have to cut our way through!’
‘You will not!’ Glaukos retorted from somewhere amongst the darkness and the agonised scuffles of the vain struggle to lift the canvas aside. ‘Have you no idea how much a sail costs?’
A frustrated scrambling and wailing followed until, at last, the huge spread of canvas was granted a sense of movement, a brief stiffening then a swift if short sliding motion as a heavier section of the sail overhanging the ship’s side added its own weigh to the effort.
The sail hadn’t been in any way entirely shifted clear of the deck, but enough had slipped aside to allow a substantially more expansive view of their surroundings. 
‘But…but…it’s still dark!’
‘Is it night?’
‘Has it really been so long?’
‘But where are the stars?’
‘It’s completely dark!’
‘It’s not possible!’
‘How did – no, wait, look! Stars!’
No one could see where the speaker might be pointing. But, thankfully, they didn’t need to.
For the sparkling of stars on the far horizon could now be quite clearly seen by them all.
Stars that flickered, and flared, and spluttered.
And grew larger.


*


Chapter 5

Khione stared towards the edges of the glow emanating from the languidly approaching lights, seeking more definition to the beast’s interior.
There were ribs, it seemed (in a mouth? Did that make any sense?), curling up into the darkness.
And, besides, what could these encroaching lights possibly be?
They were flames – torches.
Had the monster swallowed another ship? Other sailors?
‘Men – with torches,’ someone close by confusedly murmured as more details could be made out.
As everyone fell into a nervous mystified silence, the strains of the storm still raging outside could be heard once more, only in here it was all muted, reverberating hollowly around the great maw’s confines.
‘They’re walking towards us…’ Khione breathed in awed surprise.


*


Khione: yes, what of Khione?
Surely, it’s time to grant her a proper introduction, just as the far more odious and less important Glaukos has already been awarded?
But what can we say of Khione?
There are so many variations on the tales of how she came to be!
Which are we expected to believe?
And which should we dismiss as being nothing but foolish myth?
There are stories, too, of some Khione (she’s quite often called Chione, which only adds to the confusion) who seems  entirely different to one we have in mind!
But let’s at least make a start.
And hope we can sort out the chaff from something more substantial. 
Here’s one we can probably discount in an instant.
Khione, we’re reliably informed, was daughter of the River Nile; but this Khione was a Naiad nymph.
That is, her responsibilities revolved around all manner of fresh water supplies, from springs, fountains, wells, streams, and brooks.
And yet – Khione means ‘snow’.
While nymph, why, that simply refers to a young woman, a bride, or young wife.
Moreover, as we all know, all the water in the world flows from the very same source, percolating up from the dark sea hidden deep beneath the earth. Which leads to the Oceanid Nymphs, who preside over saltwater, and the Nereids, who are specifically associated with the Mediterranean, all being interconnected in some way or other.
And how does Arethusa, the nymph of a spring, surface on the island of Sicily but by making her way up through subterranean flows from the Peloponnesus? 
Ah, then this Khione of the Nile can’t be so easily discounted after all!
Another Khione, of whom we seem to know remarkably little, is said to have indulged in a relationship with the twin of a man who would later murder her.
Hmmnnn…
If this is the Khione of our tale, then, unfortunately, we already know of her untimely end.
We can agree to dismiss this particular Khione out of hand, don’t you think?
Then there are the sky, or cloud, nymphs, Khione and Nephele. 
This is entirely far more promising.
Where does snow fall from?
The sky, of course!
Or clouds, if you’re being more pedantic.
But unfortunately, once again we’ve been left with scant if any knowledge of Khione!
It’s Nephele who comes to the fore in this particular history.
Then again, what is Nephele but the generic name for the cloud nymphs.
So for our purposes, let’s take Nephle as being another name for Khione.
Which gives us two extra tales in one!
For in one, she’s created by Zeus, a perfect replica of his beautiful wife Hera, conjured up for no other reason than to trick the lustful Ixion.
In another – or could it be the same, but taking place in a different period of her life? – this Khione is mother to a boy and girl, Phrixus and Helle, who are both cast out to sea by an embittered Ino. 
Thankfully, the magical Khione conjures up a flying golden ram which she sends to the endangered children’s rescue.
That doesn’t sound like the entrapped Khione were following, though, does it?
Should we accept this tale, perhaps?
Khione was the daughter of Daedalion, a courageous if merciless warrior.
Or was it the daughter of Eosphorus (Luciferus!) and Cleoboea?
No matter – her parentage has little to do with the kernel of the tale.
Of far more importance is the fact that she was so beautiful she was desired by the gods themselves.
Especially Hermes and Apollo.
What is it with these gods, though? 
For they seem remarkably incapable of wooing a beautiful women through normal means.
They’re pitifully pathetic at best: and downright criminally devious at worst.
Hermes used magic to make her fall asleep.
Later that same night, Apollo transformed himself into an old woman to gain Khione’s trust.
And so poor Khione gave birth to twins, Philammon and Autolycus (the latter becoming a notorious thief).
Now our Khione may undoubtedly be beautiful, but there doesn’t seem to be any signs so far of any sons.
You know what?
I think she’s at best merely related to the Khiones we have here.
To avoid wasting anymore time, we will simply have to be patient; for we need to know quite a bit more about her before we begin to delve into other possible histories of her life.


*


The men approaching them from across the waters were generally warriors rather than seamen, with spears and helmets that flashed in the glow from the flaming torches. 
Others were armed with bows, and these knelt as they drew alongside Glaukos’s ship, each aiming an arrow at a heart.
Only Khione was ignored for, caged, she obviously presented no trouble.
In the light of the torches, it was plain to see now that the men were standing upon a raised decking, a pier jutting out into the waters.
In that same, glittering glow, those aboard the ship noticed all too late, coming from directly above them, the swift decent of what at first appeared to be the most terrifying, most gigantic of spiders, sliding down rapidly extending threads. 
The spider-like grabs struck the ship’s deck with an ear-splitting crack, a shattering of wood, deeply embedding themselves even before their extended arms began to close in upon each other and claw even deeper into the shrieking, splintering skin of their victim.
The claws’ supporting threads tautened, winched ever tighter by unseen hands hidden somewhere deep within the enveloping darkness.
Other mechanisms were at work too, it seemed, including hoists, pulleys, and the effortless swinging of crane jibs: for the ship was irresistibly being drawn towards the waiting soldiers. 


*


Chapter 6

The armed men lithely leapt onto the ship’s deck, refusing to answer any of the anxious questions and demands Glaukos and his team threw their way. 
They treated the performers without a care, shoving them hard down towards the wooden planks, expertly and hurriedly binding hands behind backs and strapping ankles together with only slightly looser fastenings.
Even Khione, once she was released from her cage, fared hardly better; for she was also quickly bound and roughly shepherded off the deck as if she were as much a part of the ship’s complement as Glaukos.
She found herself stepping out onto a decking of dark wood lying so low in the water that cold streams washed everywhere about her feet, a chilling sensation she actually relished despite the exchange of one form of captivity for another.
Behind them, Glaukos’s ship was instantly boarded by a group of broad-shouldered men, each of whom quickly set to inspecting and stripping their prize, whether it was amphoras of wine to be hauled ashore, or coiled ropes to be set aside for other uses. Khione took in very little of the little ship’s swift cannibalisation, however, as she only fleetingly glanced over her shoulder, for such curiosity amongst the others gained them nothing but brutal admonishing blows to their backs or heads.
The torches carried by their captors threw out a strangely blue light, the staffs glinting with a metallic sheen rather than being wooden brands, the flames hissing and crackling merrily even though there were no oil-soaked rags to feed them as might be expected. It was a stronger light, too, than one emitted from more regular torches, casting a glow out across the waters that illuminated the pier they were on for quite a good distance.
Even so, the darkness stretched out far ahead of even this extensive glow, and it was only as they were roughly manhandled farther along the pier’s length that signs of a quay and other anchored ships began to come into view.
The men working on loading or unloading these vessels, labouring under surprisingly dim lights, gave them scant regard, as if a bedraggled line of prisoners were a regular and uninteresting occurrence. The light from the small column’s torches threw shadows across the toiling workers, swiftly shifting patches of darkness cast by the furled sails, masts, and maze of rope rigging, granting the men the aspect of great beasts of burden, like oxen and bulls, their bodies darkened, unnaturally large, and impossibly muscled.
The men on the dockside taking away the ships’ cargoes appeared stranger still, their half-naked bodies apparently merging with the mules drawing the wagons, centaur-like in their transformations.
And yet these creatures seemingly created by the shadows laboured under the stern direction of men with the smoothly turning, wide-eyed heads of owls.
  

*


Beyond the quay, a bridge of sloping decking dropped away to run between tier upon tier of rowers, fading far below into a gloomy light, before vanishing completely in the ever-encroaching darkness.
There could be no doubt at all that the men chained to the long, stepped benches closest to them had the overly muscled bodies of bulls, their sinews rolling under roughened skin. Gripping iron bands as handholds, they pulled then pushed on oars as thick as any mast. Some here also had the heads of bulls, or thick-maned lions, or animals that were hard to make out clearly in the dim light. 
The overseers were almost as powerfully built, their torsos elaborately patterned like leopards, their remarkable strength utilised to bring the beaded thongs of long whips down harshly and frequently upon the bent backs of their charges.
No weak glimmer of light or draught of cooling air came from holes through which the oars protruded, for they were tightly sealed with leather.
It would be a terrible sight under any circumstances, but even more so when viewed as a captive doubtlessly slated to join the rowers upon the benches.
None of them would survive long here, Khione realised.
Glaukos had intentionally gathered about him a team of the weak and disfigured, everyone of whom daily struggled to survive under normal circumstances, let alone under these hellish conditions.
It was an opinion shared by the galley master, who looked over his new quota of prisoners with undisguised distaste and disappointment.
Without a word, with nothing but the grunts of exertion and frustration, he stepped amongst them as a farmer might step amongst his goats. Without a care, he began to forcibly inspect and push each one aside with increasingly irate growls.
‘Haven’t you caught anything of worth for me today?’ he snapped at one of the guards who’d escorted the prisoners from their boat.
‘Maybe this one…?’ the leader of the guards replied, reaching out to grab Matto by an arm and forcibly bringing him forward.
It was an odd choice, Khione thought; for although Matto was undoubtedly beautiful, it was closer to a feminine rather than a male elegance.
He would die within a day on these benches.
She was even more shocked, however, when the guard next chose her to roughly drag out of the line-up.
‘And this one…’ the guard added with less certainty.
The master observed them both with scorn.
‘I’ve seen more impressively built girls,’ he said of Matto, only to give a nod of agreement that he should be separated from the others.  
‘I can also say the same about this sad specimen,’ the master added sneeringly as he pushed Khione’s mouth open to inspect her teeth.
‘She was in a cage; a cage built to hold something far more dangerous and stronger than her,’ the guard explained.
‘Maybe because its original occupant had been a touch more frightening?’ the maser suggested dismissively.
Even so, he gave another nod of his head, and Khione was also separated from the others.
‘I’m their owner, their creator wh– ‘
Perhaps fear of ending up on the galley benches had persuade Glaukos to step forward and risk making his foolish protest.
It earned him a swift blow of a spear butt to his forehead so brutal that he collapsed immediately to the floor.
‘Creator?’ the master repeated thoughtfully, taking a more careful look at the assembled prisoners, noting the crude surgery, the inept stitching of flesh that left it rotting and stinking.
He grinned cruelly.
‘Take him along, then,’ he ordered, indicating with a wave of a finger that he expected Matto and Khione to pick the unconscious Glaukos up by his armpits.
‘As for the rest,’ Khione heard the master chuckle wickedly as they dragged the slumped Glaukos away, ‘I’m sure we can find some animals hungry enough to appreciate them…’


*


Chapter 7

We’ve heard much, now, of Glaukos’s crudely and callously formed ‘exhibits’.
But what, then, of this Matto, who played the angel?
Who’s taken aside here by the galley master despite Khione’s considered opinion that such a delicately beautiful man would surely die within a day if tied to the oars?
A man possessing a feminine, rather than a male, elegance.
His hair is dark blue – how strange is that?
And all perfectly natural, too!
No wonder Glaukos had been eager to purchase him when he’d first seen him on sale in a slave market!
Glaukos had picked him up for a song too, of course; for who wanted a salve so obviously incapable of anything but the very lightest of work?
There was his remarkable beauty to consider, for sure – but what fool of a man would bring into his home a man so entrancing in his grace that he would almost certainly, and effortlessly, seduce first his daughters and then, perhaps, even his wife?
Had there been a woman or girl amongst the buyers, why, then Glaukos would have had a bidding war on his hands!
To anyone who had put any real thought into how an angel might look, Matto appeared most definitely like an angel.
Even without wings, his body appeared almost insubstantial, one of undoubted perfection, and yet somehow, too, weightless: for his ivory sheened skin glowed, as if the sun’s rays were about to give him the power of flight, if only to lift him up into the heavens, where he might be more rightfully appreciated.
Could it possibly be believed, then, that this truly remarkable man had a twin?
He doubted it himself, naturally.
Surely he’d remember something as important as that!
But then, there was so little about his life that he could reliably recall.
Even his mother, his father – why yes, even they were nothing but empty gusts within his disarrayed recollections. 
Which was a shame.
For they must have been the most gorgeously gifted parents.
Who could they possibly be?
Our search for them is made all the harder because, along with Matto’s unfortunate forgetfulness,  Matto isn’t his real name at all.
Because, of course he’d forgotten his real name.
It was a construct, then, of Glaukos’s.
All we can know for sure is that – as Glaukos tell us, which means we can’t really be sure at all, I suppose – is that he was found lying alone in a pasture, gabbling something about being attacked by vengeful Harpies.
A likely tale, yes?
Nevertheless, it seems the people who’d originally found him in this poor state determined to bring him rapidly back to health, feeding him as well as they were able. Yet no matter how much he was fed, he never gained weight or substance.
Not that they bothered telling the slave master they sold him onto that they’d named him Useless.
Usless’s new master called him Puny. 
Matto. Puny. Useless.
Not one of these names seems capable of offering us any clues to the angelic boy’s real identity.
But then again…
Perhaps we shouldn’t dismiss this tale of Harpies out of hand after all.
For it’s reliably told that when Jason and his Argonauts faced the Harpies on their travels, it was the twins called the Boreades – Zetes and Calais – who took them on.
Didn’t Matto say he also had a twin?
But wait; there’s more.
The Harpies could fly – and so could the Boreades.
And the twins were enabled to fly by winds rushing through the graceful curls of their hair – hair that was blue!
Now, admittedly, although Matto looks as if a gust of wind could lift him up off the ground with absolutely no trouble – he seems entirely incapable of flying.
Maybe, though, he’s simply forgotten how to soar up to the heavens?
Or maybe he just now wears his hair much too short?
Then again, it could be purely down to the fact that – unlike what we hear of the Boreades – he doesn’t have wings on either his head or feet. 


*


Chapter 8

The guards still accompanying the ungainly struggling Matto and Khione led them into what could have been a large upright box, only with iron gates replacing the side they entered by and what could have been a facing exit. 
There was a heavy clanking of pulleys, the screech of loose ropes being rapidly tightened – and the box abruptly lurched alarmingly. It suddenly began to drop away, rapidly descending past multiple levels of toiling rowers. 
Not a single guard fretfully flinched in any way, even though Khione felt as if her stomach had been left behind. Matto must have undergone a similarly uncomfortable experience, she presumed, for he worriedly clutched his belly, as if he were expecting his innards to drop completely away from him.
After an age dropping though the darkness, an extensive area of decking at last began to stretch out below them. Yet again, hybrids of beasts and men ceaselessly toiled here, powering immense and elaborate contraptions, the most recognisable being gigantic capstans winding in thick ropes than ran off in innumerable directions.  
Even so, a great many of these ropes stretched out off to one side, their other ends firmly attached to the main wall: and so, as the cords coiled about the capstans, they worryingly drew this wall inwards, to the equally unnerving sound of the fierce sloshing of vast volumes of water.  
The walls were topped and flanked with concertinaed leather that expanded as they moved inwards, yet the hard toil of the beasts seemed to have no purpose that Khione could fathom, 
The grated cage dropped next through a hole in the decking, the unnerving movement of the descending box only coming to a halt when they reached a level where wooden boarding once again reassuringly stretched away on every side. The guards instantly opened the gates lying ahead of them, continuing their march forward as if they’d never been in any way interrupted.
Here light was provided by fluorescent marine animals in isinglass aquariums, the torch flames extinguished in an instant, albeit without any obvious move by the guards to snuff them out.
The torches remained hot at their ends, however, Khione sensing the sharp heat emanating from a couple being used by the guards to prod her and Matto into placing the still unconscious Glaukos inside a minute room no larger than a larder.
As the door was closed and bolted from the outside, she and Matto were forced to step into equally small cells, the doors slammed behind them with a slithering of more heavy bolts. 
It was dark inside the cell and, thankfully, as far as she was concerned, cold and a touch damp.
She’d expected the three of them to be confined in a much larger area containing a number of prisoners, where survival depended wholly upon either your imposition of strength or compliance to whatever the strong wished to inflict on you.
Obviously, at least one of them was believed to have something of value that required protecting.
She touched the dampest of the wooden walls of her cell, relishing the jolting shock of cold of the waters lying on the other side.
This was the hull of this beast-like ship. And judging by the intense cold seeping through the wooden walls, she assumed they must be far, far below the surface.
How long would they leave her here?
How long did she have to begin to regain her…well, what was it she hoped to regain?
Her health?
Her memories?
She really, really couldn’t remember. 


*


Chapter 9

Hardly more than a few seconds passed before the door was abruptly wrenched open once more.
Khione was unceremoniously dragged out to stand once again alongside a now visibly petrified Matto, a still dazed yet now limply standing Glaukos, whose drenched, bewildered appearance suggested he’d been rudely awakened with a bucket of water.
In a moment, they’d been led to another open-ended box, one that this time soared up through the many levels until they came to a halt on an entirely new floor, one far more brightly lit than any of the others.
Far larger versions of the torches the escorting guards carried blazed in front of metallic mirrors that reflected the light, throwing it everywhere about the long, wide hallways they now found themselves wandering along. Here they could have been walking along the interior of a palace, the walls elaborately and colourfully tiled, the supports for surprisingly high ceilings standing as sturdily as any marble pillar.
The guards doused their torches, once again with apparently little more than the click of a finger against the handles, and carried them now as if they were nothing but metallic staffs.
They passed through towering double doors into a larger room, where a brightly glistening eagle, sprouting a variety of wings, stared down at them from a dais at its centre.
Even so, the eagle spun about, as if turning to face them, revealing another head, that of a lion. A third head appeared, one with the face of a man, and to his other side there was a fourth, the head of an ox.
Glaukos and Matto fearfully fell to their knees before this terrifying sight, their heads bowed, and eyes lowered.
Khione resolutely remained standing, failing to see how such pitiful behaviour could help them in any way.
She’d suffered enough to realise displays of humility could hardly lessen the pain that was always so casually handed out to her.
The man glared at her. 
The lion growled disappointedly.
The ox irately snorted.
Khione looked him over with steady, unwavering eyes.
Whatever kind of creature he was, she reasoned, he wasn’t wholly natural.
For there was rough, angular stitching, running haphazardly across his bared chest.
And in parts, his flesh was disfigured, even possibly rotting away.


*


‘Bow, fool!’
Glaukos hissed angrily as, seeing that Khione was still standing, he reached up for and grasped an arm. He began pulling on it brutally, vainly attempting to drag her down to his level.
‘Are you trying to get us killed?’ he wailed miserably.
‘So, you regard these other two as your slaves, I hear?’
The multi-winged man fiercely scrutinised Glaukos, his gaze hostile and contemptuous.
Recognising that he was being addressed, ignoring fleeting misgivings that the adress dripped with tones of scornful condescension, Glaukos began to rise to his feet; only for a guard to force him painfully back to his knees with a blow of a staff between his shoulder blades.
‘I only meant to make her bow to you, my lord!’ a bewildered Glaukos insisted vehemently, angered by the injustice of seeing Khione stand while he was compelled to kneel. ‘She’s dangerous; a snow nymph!’
As he said this, he caught in his eye corners the anxious flinching of the surrounding soldiers.
They’d instinctively sensed it, then, that Khione was different: that was why they’d avoided pummelling her to the ground, the way they would anyone else who’d dared to remain standing.
Unless, of course, they’d ‘heard’ it said that she was a snow nymph, just as someone had told them that he was her and Matto’s master.
‘I know how to control her– ‘
Glaukos’s reward for proffering his help was yet another heavy blow to his already sorely bruised back.
Ignoring Glaukos’s grimace of pain, the four-headed man appraised Khione doubtfully.
‘Is this true?’ he asked her.
‘It’s true – as you say you’ve heard – that he sees me as being his slave.’
The human face of the man scowled. 
‘Well, you are now more than that,’ he flatly declared. ‘For you’re now slave to a new master – our mistress.’


*


The four-headed man’s attention switched to the subserviently bowing Matto.
‘And you?’ he said, as if demanding an explanation. ‘We found wings aboard your vessel…I’ve been told they belonged to you.’
‘He performed as my angel– ‘
Glaukos’s uncalled for comment drew fresh blows to his back.
‘An angel – yes, so I heard,’ their inquisitor blankly intoned, as if all these revelations were neither a surprise nor of any real interest to him.
‘Stand up,’ he ordered, indicating with a wave of a hand that Matto should rise up from his knees.
As Matto rose to his feet, Glaukos visibly fumed that he was now the only one left demurely bowing.
In the illuminating glow of the room’s many lamps, Matto’s impossibly white skin appeared almost translucent, revealing the curve of every muscle, the harder angle of revealed bones.
He appeared virtually weightless, as if he might rise up into the air without any need for wings.
The being’s human head nodded ever so slightly, its expression for the first time one of interest.
‘And…do you wish to be an angel?’ the man asked curiously.
‘His wish is whatever I wish it to be!’ Glaukos foolishly insisted with a proud raising of his head. ‘They do as I say– ‘
‘You’re no longer their master here.’
Emboldened by the way he’d at last been left to speak rather than being brutally clubbed back into a subservient position, Glaukos pressed his point. 
‘But they’re my possessions; I deserve fair recompense!’
‘As compensation, you also now have a new mistress.’
With a wave of a finger, the four-headed man commanded everyone to follow him. 


*


The eyes of the eagle appeared to miss nothing: they glared back, it seemed, as if keeping each of them under individual observation.
To each side of its head, the lion and ox stared off towards the corridor’s walls. The human faced in the direction they were now being unhurriedly led.
A further set of massive doors magically swung open before them with a strange hiss of steam, revealing a room that could have graced the very finest palace, with soaring pillars and wide, open spaces of polished marble.
Here, at last, was something all three of them could instantly recognise.
A show.
A show featuring the disfigured actors created by Glaukos.


*


Chapter 10

The show’s audience was small, yet equally disturbing.
It looked down on the actors from a raised dais, a group of winged girls surrounding an elegantly gowned woman seated upon an elaborately carved throne.
If this woman was a queen, then she was an unhappy one. For she slumped in her seat, watching everything with a disgruntled scowl.
The surrounding girls might at one time have been beautiful, yet now they too grimaced bitterly, albeit with expressions of agony rather than anger.
Their wings were as motionless as the lifeless monstrosities Matto was forced to wear. Some were like those of the swan, or larger geese, while one particularly cumbersome pair could have been the shorn appendages of an albatross.
The enthroned woman glowered even more irately as she turned to watch the approach of her three new slaves.
Her skin was flawlessly white, her hair tumbling about her as unnaturally long, silken threads. 
She raised a hand, gave nothing more than a flick of her fingers, yet the show came to an instantaneous halt as if by some prearranged signal. The actors hurriedly shuffled off to one side rather than completely exiting the room.
Standing here, the show people became a part of the audience. On the multi-headed man moving aside, Khione, Matto and Glaukos were brought before the enthroned queen.
All three were made to kneel this time with sharp, fierce blows to the back of the lower legs.
If Glaukos experienced any joy from seeing Khione being at last made to kneel, it was more than tempered by the humiliation suffered in being stuck so low before his creations.
His creations responded with delighted grins.
Strangely, no sorrow was expressed for Matto’s degradation, while Khione’s plight was met only with blank, unresponsive faces.
Khione was surprised: they no longer showed any signs of fear, despite the trembling terror displayed earlier as the ship had been swallowed, followed by their incarceration as prisoners.
If anything, they smiled, perhaps for the first time ever. Khione had never seen them all looking so pleased.
The queen in her chair was far from happy, however.
‘I find you creations – interesting, Glaukos,’ she sternly declared.
‘You know my name?’
Glaukos was so surprised by this unexpected recognition of his talents that he began to rise to his feet: only to be immediately brought low once more by a hard strike of a staff across an arm.
‘I can make sure they put on a show for you like no other!’ he resolutely persisted.
His confidence seemed out of place in their present predicament: yet, with a wary lifting of her eyes, Khione believed she saw an explanation for this abrupt surge of hope.
The winged women surrounding the throne were as direly manufactured as any morbid show put on by Glaukos,. Ugly stiches ran across bared shoulders, around impossibly elongated necks.
The skin was black in parts, perhaps rotting, at least badly bruised. 
Their smiles were those of stoically endured pain, not of pleasure.
If Glaukos had also noticed this, then why wouldn’t he presume he was in the presence of a like-minded soul?
‘I can help you–’
‘Help me?’ the queen drily interrupted.
‘You’ve seen my creations, my capabilities,’ Glaukos blithely continued, indicting the assembled show people with a wave of hand. ‘Formed – transformed – by my own hands!’
The queen’s response was a hollow laugh.
‘Yes, I’ve heard…I’ve seen! You’re the creator of...monstrosities!’
‘Monstrosities?’ Glaukos retorted incredulously, in his anger completely forgetting his unfortunate position. ‘But then…why, what of your creations?’
With a contemptuous wave of a hand, he indicated the sorely reconstructed maids surrounding the queen.
At least two of the guards moved as if to bring the foolish Glaukos low once more, only to be stopped by the queen’s own airy wave of a hand.
The queen’s ladies, however, snarled and snapped back at Glaukos in horrified contempt, their action more like those of a pack of ferocious animals rather than of gracious courtiers.
The queen utilised yet another causal handwave to calm them.
‘You really cannot see the difference, can you?’ she said to Glaukos, tempering her astonishment. ‘But, thankfully, we have the most perfect way to show you the error of your ways.’
She gave another casual wave of a hand, only this time while looking towards Glaukos’s own band of show people.
With a satisfied howl, Glaukos’s creations rushed forwards, leaping upon him as one. Khione and Matto looked on in horror, expecting Glaukos to be torn apart before their eyes.
Yet the show people pulled back, grinning triumphantly. 
They’d simply hogtied Glaukos, if in the most uncomfortable position imaginable.
With another exuberant whoop, they began to drag him off, pulling him carelessly across the floor. A door that silently opened up for them on the far side of the room.
‘Take him to Akkavish,’ the queen ordered. ‘Make sure he learns the teachings of Empedocles: your old master is now yours to do with as you see fit.’


*


Empedocles?
Empedocles, Empedocles, Empedocles…
Now who could he be, do you think?
He’s new to our tale, isn’t he?
This Akkavish – it’s the first time we’ve heard of her here too.
It’s means ‘spider’ I believe; which doesn’t bode well for Glaukos, unless we’re being far too literal here. 
But let’s assume, for the moment at least, that as poor Glaukos is being unwillingly dragged off to meet her, we’ll be meeting her quite soon too.
But the teachings of Empedocles…?
Oh, of course.
Yet he’s hardly ‘new’ is he?
He’s been around long enough for his ideas to have taken root!
Which means, yes, we really had better deal with him here; or, rather, his teachings.
For if we leave it to one of our protagonists to expound on his thoughts, they might, well, get a few facts wrong.
Maybe they’ll entirely misread his musings on, say, the soul. Or how a child is formed within a womb.
Maybe, too, the way they explain it all could be mesmerisingly sleep inducing.
Which would be a shame, because Empedocles had some rather beautiful thoughts upon these and many other subjects.
All revolving around a queen of love.
Suddenly, you’re interested, right?
But I don’t want to be accused of misleading you; so I’ll confess right now that Queen Kypris (Love) is, by her very nature, an incredibly innocent queen of perfect love – 
In the harmonious society she ruled over, long since lost to us, all creatures, including animals, birds, and men, were universally tame and gentle.
They all worshiped only one god, Love. They offered to her only distilled myrrh and sweet-smelling frankincense, pouring on the earth nothing but libations of golden honey.
Drenching the altar through the unspeakable slaughter of bulls came only with the advent of Kronos, Zeus, Poseidon, and Ares, and the worship of Kydoimos, the personification of the noise of battle.
And so, naturally, there was a fall…
And the fallen were now daimones…
To even begin to hope to rise again, the fallen would necessarily be put through a purificatory journey of successive reincarnations.
Reincarnations taking in the different orders of nature, ‘being born throughout the time as all kinds of mortal forms, exchanging one hard way of life for another.’ 
So, Empedocles claimed, even he had at one time been ‘a bush, bird, and a mute fish in the sea.’ 
He adds:
‘For the force of air pursues him into the sea, and sea spits him out onto earth’s surface, earth casts him in the rays of blazing sun, and sun into the eddies of air; one takes him from another, and all abhor him. I too am now one of these, an exile from the gods and a wanderer, having put my trust in raving Strife.’
And of course, if you foolishly continued to make your sacrifices to the gods, why, then ‘the father will lift up his dear son in changed form, and blind fool, as he prays he will slay him.’
Thankfully, we can secure release from the ‘wheel of birth’ through a purification of the soul, leading to perfection and unity with perfect Love.
Birth itself naturally involves an inheritance of characteristics from both our mother and father, the limbs and organs of each forming tiny copies of themselves, all of which flow together in the generative seeds that combine within the womb. 
And just as we see the coming together of the tiny limbs in the process of conception, the first creatures were similarly formed in the creation under Love.
The first shoots, ‘whole-nature forms’, rising from the earth, quite naturally don’t ‘as yet show the lovely shape of limbs, or voice or language native to man.’
This only takes place through an ‘unfolding’, like the budding of plants. Until,  under the combining power of Love,  they come together in forms such as ox-faced men and men-faced oxen, hermaphrodites, and various other creatures, each of which disappeared as suddenly as they arose, their parts being far from homogeneous.
As for the ‘shoots of men and pitiable women’, they now become fully developed humans created under Strife.
Did Empedocles’ embracing of Love, rather than Strife, lead to his transformation into an immortal god?
He threw himself into the volcanic flames of Mount Etna, leading his disciples to claim that an eruption carried him wholely up into the heavens. 
And so he lives now on the moon, feeding on dew.
Could this be true?
Those who know the volcano spat back a bronze sandal think not.


*


‘This, I presume, is the angel I’ve heard of?’ 
Elegantly stepping off the raised dais, the queen approached the kneeling Matto.
The four-headed man nodded; or at least, the one with a human face did.
‘It is, Lady: and indeed, he seems light enough for wings to take him up without any need for their beating!’
Taking a firm hold of Matto’s chin, lifting up his head and moving it from side, the queen took in the details of his face – the brightness of his eyes, the state of his teeth, the depression below his cheek bones – as if observing market ware.
Taking him as roughly by an arm, she quickly scanned his frighteningly lean frame, his glistening ivory skin.
‘Then…you think, Anemoi, that we may at last succeed in one of our most precious endeavours?’
‘It’s…possible, Lady!’
‘Then…we’ll see what Akkavish makes of him!’
Abruptly turning, she strode now towards Khione, observing her far more circumspectly. Perhaps, even, retaining a certain wary distance between them.
‘And this is our nymph?’ she said with obvious interest, her eyes lingering longest on Khione’s hands, her face. ‘Perhaps, then, a onetime goddess – if only a minor one? Now fallen?’
Khione wasn’t sure what to say in reply: if anything was actually expected of her, which she thought possibly not.
The queen tentatively reached out to touch Khione’s shoulder – then instantly snapped her arm back, as if sharply stung.
‘Cold! She is cold: if not remarkably so. Certainly not the coldness I’d expect from a snow goddess. Even an ex-snow goddess.’
‘I saw her freeze a fish,’ Matto said unsurely, as if he wondered if it was wiser to defend Khione’s supposed abilities or deny them, ‘it was so brittle, it splintered.’
He received a blow from a spear shaft between his shoulders for his trouble.
‘Then – if this is true, she could aid Akkavish’s work when it would benefit from a preservative blast of ice.’ Drawing her attention back away from Matto, the queen glared challengingly at Khione. ‘Show me; show me your powers, girl!’
‘I…I can’t,’ Khione confessed nervously. ‘I think whoever told you I’m some sort of snow nymph is mistaken!’
Without taking her eyes of Khione, the queen pointed back accusingly at Matto.
‘Then…is he lying too?’
‘No, no!’ Khione responded urgently, fearing any other answer would result in a fierce beating for Matto. ‘I just need to be cold, that’s all.’
‘You have to be cold to make something cold? That’s hardly a power beyond anyone else’s capabilities,’ the queen snapped scornfully. 
‘It was nothing more than the coldness of a wave briefly rushing across a ship’s deck that granted her the power to freeze a fish!’ Matto cried out, flinching as he prepared himself for another blow to his back. ‘Who else could do such a thing?’
The guard behind had raised his staff to strike Matto; but with the raising of a hand, the queen stilled him.
‘Then…how do you explain this, girl?’ the queen sternly demanded of Khione, adding icily, ‘Is he still lying to me? Or is it you who’s lying?’
‘The waves were cold…I was hungry. I just knew I had to freeze the fish; that that was the way I ate.’
‘Instinctively, you mean?’ The queen’s interest was piqued.
‘Yet everything else you seem to want of me…I can’t do it! I can’t just freeze something at will – I just realised I needed to freeze the fish to eat! Everything else I’ve forgotten – even if I’m really this snow nymph you seem to think I might be!’
‘Forgotten?’ the queen repeated sceptically. ‘Forgetfulness seems to be curiously rife upon your vessel!’ 
She turned her attention to Matto once more.
‘You, your name’s Matto, yes?’
Matto cautiously nodded, conscious of the guard readying to strike him at any moment.
‘So you remember this – but little more, correct?’
‘I took a blow to the head when attacked by– ‘
He paused, recalling the guffaws of disbelief whenever he told anyone of his attacker. 
‘…a harpy – or harpies!’
Far from gawking back at him in incredulity, the queen addressed the four-headed Anemoi.
‘So, they recoil from our approaches; yet readily attack an angelic looking man?’
‘They’re creatures of utmost Strife, Lady,’ Anemoi replied. ‘They fear being re-instilled with Love!’
The queen returned to glowering at Khione.
‘And you? What do you put your forgetfulness down to?’
‘I was found abandoned in the desert: a lack of water leads to delusions, a loss of reasoning and thought…’ 
Surprisingly, the queen nodded thoughtfully.
‘And this Glaukos: we know he draws his exhibits from the lost and vulnerable. So perhaps it’s not so remarkable after all to find too such unfortunates berthed together…’
‘I hope to recall my– ‘
‘Indeed you should, girl,’ the queen interrupted impatiently, drawing her attention to two huge tapestries gracing a far wall, ‘and in your case, perhaps we can begin to help you fill in those gaping holes…’


*


Chapter 11

The tapestries were immense, fabulously detailed, wondrously hued, and incredibly expertly woven.
And yet one of them was, in parts, as badly stitched together as Glaukos’s creations.
It had obviously been torn apart at some point, and perhaps hurriedly, perhaps even warily, reconstructed.
Its subject matter, Khione realised, might well been a motivation for its attempted destruction.
For whereas the pristine tapestry depicted the gods in all their glory, the riven one portrayed them at their most devious.
Whereas in the first Zeus was enthroned, in the other he was revealed as the bull who pursued Europa, the eagle who assaulted Asteria, the snake that tricked Proserpina, and the shepherd dishonouring Mnemosyne.
And where Athena was portrayed embedding a lance into the earth to sprout new, clustered fruits, the second tapestry depicted Cronus as a steed, and Apollo as both hawk and lion, purely to seduce the unwary. 
Perhaps Poseidon fared worst of all amongst these irreverential revelations.
Yes, his striking trident brought forth a wild horse he bequeathed to man. But whenever it came to a woman: why, it was as a horse that he forced himself upon Demeter, a bull the virgin Arne, a ram Bisaltis, a dolphin Melantho, and a bird the once beautiful Medusa.
The only thing of true beauty here, then, despite its undoubted artistry, was the tapestry’s incongruous border of interlacing flowers and ivy leaves.
‘Is there anything here you recognise, perhaps?’ the queen curiously asked.
‘Is…is there something I should be noticing?’ Khione replied uncertainly.
The queen’s expression was one of disappointment as Khione’s face and memories remained blank.
She’d obviously expected Khione to recognise something amongst the tumult of misbehaving gods that might jolt her memory.
‘What of Poseidon?’ she urged. ‘Is there nothing in his action that you might…well, how can I phrase it? Recognise?’
Khione looked once more upon the sea god’s many disgraceful actions. And the more she looked, the more she saw, for there were many further, smaller depictions hidden in the tapestry’s delicately woven web, each portraying indiscretions with more minor, less well-known women and nymphs. 
‘There are two Khione’s there,’ Anemoi said helpfully. ‘Perhaps you might recognise even yourself pictured here?’
Khione focused all the more intently on the more minor figures being unforgivably harassed by Poseidon. 
Yet she couldn’t recall anything that might help her point out who these other two Khiones might be. 
‘One is a nymph of the island they named their son after: Khios,’ the queen explained. ‘The other is Thrake, and a goddess of snowfall…’
Khione shrugged: all this meant nothing to her.
‘It’s hardly something you’d forget easily,’ Anemoi declared. ‘This Khione also bore a son, whom she cast into the sea, fearing her father’s fury. Rescuing the child, the sea god placed him in his daughter Benthesikyme’s care: while Hermes transformed Khione into a cloud, which snowed down upon the desert.’
‘I…was found in the desert…’ Khione stammered miserably as she struggled to recall the memories of her past.
‘She’s too young to have borne a son,’ Matto said.
‘Not if she really is a goddess,’ Anemoi pointed out. ‘But then, there was yet another nymph named Khione, who also ended up in the desert, following her dishonouring by a peasant…’
‘She was the daughter of the Nile,’ the queen added, ‘and so it may well be that Poseidon was once again our ‘peasant…’
‘Or is it all the same tale, just retold differently?’
Anemoi looked towards Khione expectantly, as if hopping all this extra information must surely be close to loosening her trapped memories.
Khione shook her head in bewilderment.
‘I’m sorry…it’s all too much to take in…I don’t understand what you’re expecting me to say…’
‘Take her up on deck,’ Matto suggested, ‘where the cold waves can refresh her. Then you’ll see her powers!’
The queen and Anemoi swapped curiously amused glances.
‘That…is not as easy as you might suppose,’ Anemoi said with a wan smile.
‘How far up is it? The deck, I mean?’ Matto asked, glancing upwards as if attempting to gauge the possible distance.
Certainly, this was an incredibly massive vessel; but they’d all witnessed the amazing speed of the ascending cages that whisked them from one level to another.
‘The sea deck is not too far high above us,’ the queen admitted, only to add with a smile mirroring Anemoi’s amused grin, ‘but the waves of the surface lie far far higher than that…’
‘There’s another way…’ Anemoi offered uncertainly. ‘An experiment, maybe; somewhere deeply cold, such as the deepest parts down by the keel?’ 
‘And if it’s true? If it does restore unimaginable powers? What then, Anemoi?’
‘Where we’re headed, Lady? Surely that would bring to heel any snow goddess?’ Anemoi replied with a satisfied smirk on every face.


*


He’s an odd one, isn’t he, this Anemoi?
The ‘winds’: that’s what Anemoi means.
Or ‘Venti’ in Latin.
There were four chief winds, too: just as Anemoi has four heads.
Boreas, or Aquilo, the north wind and bringer of cold winter air, wore a billowing cloak, held a conch shell, and was sometimes said to have either winged feet of snakes in their stead.
Zephyrus, or Favonius, as the west wind and source of light spring and early-summer breezes, was married to Khloris, ‘Greenery’, and bore, Karpos, or ‘Fruit’.
Notus, or Auster, was the hot, south wind that brought the overwhelming rains and storms of late summer and autumn; a destroyer of crops.
The wings of red fiery Eurus, the east wind, were the ones more directly connected with autumn, however, if any season at all.
Each was personified as winged men. Or, sometimes as horses, stabled by the storm god Aeolus.
There’s no eagle, ram or ox there, though.
But then, there’s Ezekiel.
Ezekiel and his ‘visions’.
‘And I looked, and, behold, a whirlwind came out of the north, a great cloud, and a fire infolding itself…’
How did he ever get to sleep with ‘visions’ like this?
They’re generally terrifying.
Which is quite wonderful for anyone attempting to source the history of a four-headed man.
Because yes, here he is: here’s Anemoi.
Or, at the very least, someone very much like him.
‘…out of the midst there came the likeness of four living creatures. And this was their appearance; they had the likeness of a man. And every one had four faces, and every one had four wings…’
These are cherubim, covered in eyes and resembling living fire. And each possessing four faces: a man, a lion, an ox, and an eagle.
So, maybe ‘Anemoi’ is nothing more than a name, granting us no real clues to his history.
And really, when you think about it, why should something as trivial as a name be expected to give us insights into a man (or woman’s) character?
And yet…
Four winds….
Four faces…
It can’t be nothing more than a coincidence…can it?
Yet it’s not like we can really accept Anemoi as being one of the cherubim…can we?
Let’s see what else Ezekiel has to say…
‘…and their appearance and their work was as it were a wheel in the middle of a wheel. When they went, they went upon their four sides: and they turned not when they went. And as for their rings, they were so high that they were dreadful; and…the wheels went by them: and when the living creatures were lifted up from the earth, the wheels were lifted up.’
And then, of course, there’s Ezekiel’s ‘whirlwind’. 
Could this be the great wheel of the year?
The heavens spinning about the celestial axis? 
The bull, or ox – Taurus.
The lion, Leo 
The eagle, Aquila.
The man, the water-bearer, Aquarius.
The four corners of the world, just as the winds arise from its four cardinal points.
But if this Anemoi can fly, he certainly hasn’t displayed any aptitude for it as yet, has he?


*


It was indeed incredibly cold deep within the dark belly of the immense vessel, the lower reaches of the hull where the keel was situated being granted no forms of heat whatsoever. 
Over the years, water had either seeped through the more poorly sealed planks, or run down from higher decks, forming here a dank lake that stank of stagnant ponds. 
Khione’s home was now an island of gathered ballast rocks and long forgotten, discarded wooden implements, each so rotten they could no longer be recognised for what they once were.
What little light she had came from one of the remarkable lamps she’d seen the guards carrying earlier. It more than lit up her tiny realm adequately, but progressed only a little farther beyond it, entirely failing to penetrate the surrounding gloom.
She’d been fooled, Khione recalled bitterly, by the smiles of Anemoi and the queen. She’d begun to hope that they might well prove to be reasonable after all: only to find herself torn apart from Matto. He’d been draw off in a completely different direction to her as she was bundled away, taken down deck after deck, and literally thrown in here.
She’d neither heard nor seen anything more of Matto while she’d been held here.
If only she could wield the powers of snow and ice now she was so cold! 
She would have liked to believe, naturally, that she’d only need to be granted a modicum of cold for her latent powers to be realised. Yet she couldn’t remember how to invoke them, or even if they actually existed, at least in any form other than being able to freeze the fish dropped down to her every now and again from an overhead hatch.
One day, the flap above was hurriedly thrown aside.
It wasn’t one of the usual guards scornfully peering down at her, however.
It was the human face of Anemoi.
‘Your friend’s in trouble,’ he yelled urgently, ‘and I believe only you could possibly help him now…’


*


Chapter 12

As Khione was urgently whisked up through the ship’s vast interior, she passed once again the apparently endless rows of apparently endlessly toiling rowers.
But something this time was different.
For as she passed through the level where the great, concertinaed bellows where situated, the hybrid monsters were working on the giant capstans in completely opposite directions to before: so that as ropes on one uncoiled, on others they were being tightly wound in.
The huge bellows were being forced to exhale whatever it was they’d drawn in previously, whether it was air or water.
But then, how could it ever have been air?
Hadn’t she heard earlier the sloshing of great volumes of water?
They’d obviously been taking on board the sea itself, as if greedily devouring it as hungrily as this ship liked to devour ships.
Why would a ship want to take on water?
Wouldn’t it cause the vessel to sink?
Unless – the ship was supposed to sink; and the water was required to weigh it down.
Hadn’t the queen said that the surface of the sea lay far above the main deck?


*


Although it might have led to a ferocious beating, Khione rushed on ahead of the escorting guards as they neared the large doors at the end of a long corridor.
It wasn’t, as she’d expected, a large room like the one where the queen had questioned them.
It was a room decorated in a pure, glistening white.
And, rather than being graced by gloriously coloured tapestries, it was filled with towering marble sculptures of the gods, set high on looming plinths that were themselves almost as tall as a man.
Towards the room’s centre, Khione saw what she believed at first must be another statue; one of a dying or dead angel, laid prone upon a low plinth serving as a bier.
Yet the angel moved slightly, groaned in agony.
His face could have been carved from coldest marble.
Matto?
Surely it couldn’t be…?
Khione dashed towards his side, wondering what could have happened to him, wondering why they’d dressed him once again in some foolish garb of false wings that could have been dreamt up by Glaukos.
Her friend appeared to be incredibly ill, perhaps even close to death.
He hardly moved.
Hardly breathed.
His skin, normally so ethereally white, had now gone beyond even that to shine with a deathly pallor.
His impossibly slim build was now more akin to being thoroughly wasted.
His skin was thinner than dried parchment, tautly drawn across an all too visible skeleton.
‘What’s wrong with him?’ she cried out hopelessly as Anemoi unhurriedly entered the room behind her. 
‘What have you done with him?’ she abruptly added accusingly, noticing at last the stitching running across the flesh of his chest, and circling around his shoulders.
‘We…’ Anemoi briefly hesitated, ‘Akkavish saw her task as being quite clear: she wished to transform him! To help him become the angel he already so closely resembled…’ 


*


Chapter 13

The huge, feathery wings serving as Matto’s bed weren’t tied to his body, in Glaukos’s crude manner.
An irresponsible attempt had been made to make them a viable part of his body through surgical means, in the same brutal way the queen’s maids had been granted their own wings.
That had obviously been their own foolish choice, in a vain effort to enhance themselves – but Matto?
‘You had no right…’ a sobbing Khione spat bitterly.
The wings were quite colossal, far greater in size than those embedded into the flesh of the maids.
They could only be the wings of a quite recently slain, and exceptionally large, albatross.
But the operations on the maids, despite their horrific results, had at least been partially successful; for the maids still lived.
Whereas here, poor Matto lay close to death.
‘What went wrong?’ Khione asked more circumspectly.
‘It…it sometimes happens, we’ve found: the recipient rejects the chance to be raised closer to the gods…’ 
It wasn’t so much Matto as his flesh that had rejected this supposed opportunity, Khione fumed, noticing the way the skin about the stitches had darkened in the first stages or rotting.   
‘It’s such a shame,’ Anemoi coolly continued, ‘Akkavish had high hopes that, at last, one of her creations might be capable of flying…’
‘His flesh appears to be disintegrating…’ Khione began worriedly. 
‘Yes: we’ve seen it before,’ Anemoi nonchalantly replied. ‘It’s a dark malady that spreads at some point to the seat of learning: they become crazed, suffering visions of demons and devils before they die…’
‘Then why do you do this?’ Khione demanded, angrily whirling upon him. ‘I thought your queen was supposedly horrified by Glaukos’s creations?’
‘Indeed! As she has every reason to be!’
‘Yet even Glaukos held back from trying to surgically transform Matto into an angel!’
‘Then even he had the sense to realise it lay outside his capabilities– ‘
‘And yours? Your capabilities are found wanting here too, aren’t they?’
‘Our intentions were sound: Akkavish felt sure he could be lifted up to a more angelic state– ‘ 
‘He will be an angel – when he dies!’
‘Isn’t it everyone’s duty to take a creature of Strife and attempt a transformation into one of original Love?’
‘What’s that supposed to mean? He was fine until you decided to play at being gods!’
Anemoi still refused to be drawn by Khione’s fury.
‘You could heal him,’ he calmly pointed out. ‘We’ve seen before how carefully administered ice or snow can save people in situations like this.’
‘This has happened before? And yet you still continue your ungodly experiments?’
‘Akkavish’s endeavours are far from ungodly: we deeply regret any deaths or injuries caused.’
‘Then bring him some ice!’
‘And that, indeed, is exactly what we’ve brought him, my dear Khione,’ Anemoi bluntly retorted, glaring at her directly. ‘This is your chance to demonstrate that you yourself are indeed a goddess of winter…’


*


Chapter 14

Had this been their true intention all along?
To jeopardise Matto’s life in the hope she’d conjure up her supposedly purposely hidden powers?
If that were the case…then how wrong, how foolish, they were!
Her recollection of any supposed powers were dim indeed; so dim they could be little more than some partially and falsely recalled dreams of an over-imaginative little girl.
How was she supposed to save her friend with merely imagined powers?
‘If only I could remember…’ Khione wailed miserably.  
‘The fish,’ Anemoi urged, ‘we’ve seen the way you eat the fish…’
‘But that kills them; makes them brittle! How can a simple trick like that help someone heal?’
‘Hardly a simple trick,’ Anemoi scoffed. ‘I’ve never come across anyone else capable of such a feat…’
‘A freezing cold – it will only damage the flesh further!’
‘He’ll die anyway…’
What could she do?
What should she do?
She waved a hand over the areas where Matto’s flesh had been so badly stitched together, the way she did when she froze the fish in preparation for eating…
She didn’t think it would work.
Even if the flesh froze, how damaging would that be?
She wept in a sorrowful frustration.
And the tears fell like snow.


*


Chapter 15

Where the snowflakes fell across Matto’s wounds, they appeared to cool and sooth the fresh rather than cause further, irreparable damage.
The skin no longer appeared so raw, so bloodied and bruised.
Matto let loose a rested, satisfied sigh rather than groaning in agony.
‘I think…it will work,’ Anemoi declared triumphantly as he peered more closely at the effects achieved by Khione’s fall of snow.
Khione had the strange sensation that Anemoi was talking to someone other than herself.
There was a strange scuffling noise, off to one side of the room.
Out of the corner of an eye, she caught a flash of movement behind one of the plinths supporting the statues.
Children?
It sounded like a small group of children, perhaps three or four, hurriedly deserting their hiding place for fear of being discovered.
From her point of view, the plinths appeared too closely set together to afford her anything but the odd, fleeting glimpse of this hurried movement. Khione failed to catch any reasonably clear sight of the fleeing children before they exited the room through an urgently thrown open door.
‘Who was that?’ Khione asked.
‘That was Akkavish,’ Anemoi replied. ‘Obviously, she was highly interested in witnessing your capabilities and potential.’
She’d been watching all this time, crouching behind a plinth?
How ungainly and uncomfortable she must have looked as she’d scuttled out of the room! And all to avoid being seen!
‘You see, she cares for your friend far more than you presume,’ Anemoi continued. ‘She believes the strange weightlessness of his form might lead to some form of flight: whereas every other attempt has been thwarted by the weakness of our chest muscles.’
Khione took in the many wings that had been stitched to Anemoi’s own body – and yet, it seemed, even he also remained incapable of flying.
‘Flying should be left to the gods, surely?’ Khione said, an accusation tinged with the pity she felt for him.
Before Anemoi could reply, the doors they had entered by earlier suddenly flew open.
The queen strode in, strode stridently across the floor as she headed for double doors on the other side of the room. 
She showed little interest in either Anemoi or Khione bar an elated aside: 
‘We’re almost there: this balcony has already cleared the surface!’


*


How much longer must we wait for this Akkavish to be more fully revealed?
Every time we believe she must at last be introduced to us, she never appears in person; even to the extent of hiding away from everyone, including us, it seems!
How is it possible for her to sound like the rapid scuttling of three or four children?
Could she have…numerous legs?
Well…why not?
What else have we come to expect aboard this vessel?
Isn’t it a ship of horrors? Of hybrids of beasts and men?
If Akkavish is the creator of these horrors, what extra limbs might she freely grant herself, if only to aid her in her surgical endeavours?
An extra pair of hands?
Or three extra pairs of arms, perhaps, rather than legs?
How much easier it must be to stitch and mend and cut and implant with such remarkable dexterity!
Her work must be done in a thrice!
She can bring the folds of loose flesh firmly together even as she stiches with her threads, even as she holds cumbersome wings firmly in place!
And…why, could she not, then, also be spinning her thread as she works?
How incredibly convenient would that be?
An endless supply, and so easy to hand too!
No wonder she works at such remarkable sped, so deftly!
She’s skilled at spinning the most intricate works of art!
Wait – the tapestries!
Of course!
The one showing the gods at their best.
The other (and far more accurate work!) showing them at their worst.
A tapestry, too, that had been at one time ripped asunder by angry and obviously impossibly powerful hands!
The destruction is the work of Athena.
As, naturally, is the ludicrous portrayal of the gods as glorious, benevolent beings.
The more honest rendering of the gods as being enviously childish is that of her rival – no, her superior – in weaving: Arachne.
Athena’s furious reaction to losing the challenge to see who could create the more beautiful tapestry couldn’t have proved Arachne’s point any better.
Rather than facing a life plagued by Athena’s everlasting enmity, Arachne hung herself. Only, we’re told, for a repentful Athena to transform the poor girl into a spider.
Repentful?
Shouldn’t that be resentful?
Being transformed into a spider can hardly be hailed as a result of a gracious act, can it?
Isn’t that what witches threaten to change you into?
Just what kind of a world do these gods live in?
Besides, it may not be true at all that this metamorphosis was Athena’s doing.
It seems that, at one time, Arachne herself had been a goddess.
She’d simply fallen on hard times.
So she turned herself into spider. 
And all so she could forever weave her clever webs, unhindered or unchallenged by the spiteful Athena.


*


As the queen had entered the room of towering marble sculptures, a number of escorting aides had rushed on ahead of her to open the doors she was heading for.
As the doors were flung open, a warm waft of heat rushed into the room.
It was a heat that almost made Khione faint in its strange and unexpected intensity.
She’d never before experienced such an incredibly warm air.
How could that be possible?
It wasn’t as if the sun appeared to be fully out. Rather, the view of the outside world revealed by the open doors – seen through a cascade of tumbling waters – appeared surprisingly dull, even dark.
And yet amongst that moody scene of darkened clouds, there were unprecedented tints of vibrant crimson, of flaring orange, as if the horizon where the sea met the sky was aflame.
There was also a steady, continuous rumbling, underlined with the crackling of what seemed to be the air itself, as if a thunderstorm were taking place somewhere.
Where exactly was their destination?


*


Chapter 16

The tumbling waters came rushing down from a curving canopy set over the surprisingly extensive balcony.
Drenching cascades poured down everywhere about them, as if the vast walls of the hull rising up from the sea were actually a steep cliff, down which innumerable waterfalls plummeted.
Below the balcony, the oars remained deep within the waters, rather than rising and falling as usual. The forward strokes were cleverly negated, by ingeniously hinged blades. They briefly swung back out of the way until, in preparation for the backstroke, they became sturdily firm once more.
Around them, the waters surged and bubbled violently, the effects Khione presumed of the massed volumes of water she’d seen been ejected from the gigantic bellows deep below.
As these immense quantities of fluid were rapidly discarded, the vessel continued to rise up out of the waters, even though it already appeared like a towering fortress that had somehow magically appeared from beneath the sea.  
To cool off from the incredibly uncomfortable heat of the air, Khione gratefully held her head underneath the flowing waters that still spilled down from the canopy, fearfully wondering how she would be able to bear such an intense, unforgiving warmth once the pouring cascades came to an end. 
How could it be so ridiculously hot?
Neither Anemoi nor the queen were standing close by her.
They’d moved farther along the balcony’s impressive span, taking up a point at its edge granting them a view of their destination, lying far in front of ship’s hidden prow.
An island rose so sharply up from the sea it could be more accurately described as a mountain.
Yet from its peak there erupted great plumes of dark smoke. 
Not a mountain, then, but a volcano.


*


Despite the pained rumbling of the volcano, Khione had remained close enough to the balcony doors to hear a noise in the room behind her.
Matto?
Had he recovered enough to get to his feet?
Or had he shifted, and accidentally slipped off the plinth?
She rushed back into the room, half fearing, half hoping, what she would see.
The plinth was empty.
Yet there was no sign of Matto at all.


*


Anemoi had followed Khione into the room, as if already somehow aware of what she might find there.
‘Don’t worry: he’s in good hands…’
‘Hands like those, I suspect, that gave him wings he wasn’t born to have!’
‘We’re all born to have wings; to soar upwards like the gods!’
Khione glared back at the many winged Anemoi with a sneering disbelief.
‘Your cold touch has ensured he’ll survive,’ Anemoi blithely added, as if he were either unaware or unconcerned by Khione’s intended insult. ‘He can’t be anything else but safe now: for Akkavish regards him as being her greatest prze!’
‘Prize?’ Khione snorted in disgust. ‘She almost killed him! Even now, we surely can’t possibly be certain that he’ll fully recover from whatever you’ve put him through!’
‘Akkavish wasn’t to blame for what happened to him: it was the unprecedented heat of her surroundings as she worked. She works with astonishing deftness and speed – but in heat like this, the slightest unintended pause can bring about the most catastrophic results.’
‘Then…where is he? Where can I see him?’
‘For now, experience tells us, it’s best for him that you don’t see him: once cooled with snow, we’ve found previously, they require a lengthy period of rest, remaining entirely undisturbed. When he’s well, you can see him again.’
‘And…when will he be declared well enough for me to see him?’ Khione demanded suspiciously.
‘That…is a matter for Akkavish…’


*


Chapter 17

It was even hotter on the shores of the volcanic island than it had been aboard ship.
Khione felt dizzy, even delirious.
If only this had been a mountain, rather than a volcano.
Mountains were more usually capped with cooling snow. Not the flaming peak that topped this volcano.
Yet even though the area surrounding the harbour had been agonisingly hot, the short path leading inland was even more unbearable. 
They came at last to the loomingly dark entrance of a massive cave, the type of cavernous, hollowed out slice of rock that usually brought with it a promise of refreshingly cool air, a satisfyingly dark place to hide out from the sun’s pounding rays.
But here the cavern was shockingly hotter still, such that they could have been entering the gates of Hades itself. For it carved deep within the volcano, its meandering passageways drawing all the closer toward its boiling heart.
Here the  monstrous oxen-like and lion-headed men toiled, digging ever deeper into the stubborn rock.
They could have been seeking diamonds, or mining some other precious metals unknown to Khione.
But no matter how hard she looked at the rockface they were laboriously hacking away at, or surreptitiously inspected the sleighs of hewn boulders being hauled away, she couldn’t work out what they were hoping to retrieve from the volcano’s interior before it finally exploded.
And explode it most surely would.
The jungle-like undergrowth surrounding its base was curiously devoid of the excited chatter, the brightly-toned flash, of any birds, or even flying insects, all of whom had obviously taken the chance to desert the island, sensing its imminent demise.
The queen had stayed aboard her ship, but Anemoi had come ashore with Khione and her now regular escort of soldiers.
‘When I first saw this place,’ Anemoi mused, ‘I half expected a gigantic Cerberus or Hydra to accost us for daring to approach the entrance to the underworld.’
Looking about her, Khione didn’t doubt that the men slaving here believed they were already ensconced in hell. They couldn’t be long for this world either, she reasoned, despite their monstrous strength.
Even the guards appeared wasted and exhausted.
‘Why bring me here?’ she asked suspiciously, wondering if they believed her use was over, unless they could drain a few days work from her way down here.
‘Queen Leuconoe hopes that at last you may come to understand the purpose and magnificence of her plans…’
‘By showing me a mine? A mine of…what exactly? Nothing?’
‘Nothing at all,’ Anemoi chuckled knowingly. ‘And yet we sacrificed many a phalanx of men to take it from our enemies!’
Khione frowned, more bemused than ever by Anemoi’s bewildering answer. 
Despite noticing this, Anemoi refused to explain further.
With a satisfied smile, he turned to leave for the ship.
‘We’ve seen enough,’ he said sternly. ‘Our reasoning will soon become apparent!’


*


Chapter 18

So, at long last we have a name for our queen!
But then, when addressing a powerful queen, you can hardly use her name, can you?
Yet, thankfully, we now have it on good authority that she is called Leuconoe.
Although some would say it is Philonis. Or even Khione, which would be far too problematic for our story, wouldn’t it?
So, to avoid any unnecessary complications, I suggest we gratefully accept Leuconoe; which means ‘clear mind’. 
Leuconoe was a nymph of Phokis, lying towards the centre of Greece. 
It’s said Apollon himself took her as one of his many lovers, resulting in the birth of the bard Philammon. (But wait: haven’t we already briefly referred to that particular story…?)
Even so, the most intriguing part of her story is that, to some, she was daughter of Luciferus, to others his lover.
How can this possibly be?
Well, do you perhaps know of some other story where, say, Mary, maybe, appears again and again with confusing regularity?
A popular name, you see, can lead to so many unfortunate misinterpretations.
Besides, either way, it’s interesting, isn’t it, this proposed connection with Luciferus?
Now just as Apollon, as the sun Phoebus, could be said to be a bright light shining through the ‘clear mind’ that was Leuconoe, Luciferus himself is a bringer of light.
And from their union, their sprang Ceyx and Daedalion.
(Now if we accept tales that Luciferus is actually the father of Leuconoe, then she is actually the sister of Luciferus’s son, Daedalion. And as it’s claimed that Daedalion is father to Khione, which is another name for Leuconoe, then – well, we’re simply going round and round in circles here, aren’t we?)
Utterly bewildering, isn’t it?
Maybe we should look for clues to Queen Leuconoe’s possible identity by taking into account other things we’ve been told in our tale.
There’s that remarkable submersible vessel, for instance; a ship hundreds of years before its time!
And then there’s the ship’s destination – an island, surmounted by an apparently active volcano.
Could we really be talking of Atlantis here?
After all, the queen of Atlantis was called Leucippe, or ‘white mare’: a name that could have been quite easily mistaken for Leuconoe by any translator of earlier renditions of the tales we’re drawing on.  
And as told by Plato’s character Critias, Leucippe’s husband Evenor was an autochthon: that is, an original inhabitant eternally rooted to the land, seeing as how they sprang from the soil, rocks and trees. 
Surely, this does indeed sound like a woman who’d aspire to ensure everyone about her has the opportunity to be god-like?


*


Chapter 19

Any meeting with Matto was still being kept from Khione.
Any information on Matto was still being kept from her.
This despite the fact she was now trusted to walk about the ship on her own.
Obviously, Anemoi felt that her viewing of the mines must have persuaded her that resistance was futile.
Had that all it been, then? A warning that she could end up suffering the mine’s truly hellish conditions, if she refused to comply with Queen Leuconoe’s demands and wishes?
The ship itself was a humbling, disorienting marvel.
It’s size alone was impressive, the size of a great land palace.
On its upper deck, it sprouted fortifications that could be called castles or towers in their own right. There were also enormous mangonels, huge bow-like ballistas, and soaring cranes, with grabs like the ones she’d witnessed hauling their own minute vessel into place.
On the level just below the main deck there was a vast room full of nothing but plants, including trees of every size, with a grilled and glassed ceiling providing the sunlight they needed. 
It was amongst this iridescent garden that she met up once again, for the first time in ages, with Glaukos’s show people.
They were glad to see her, but were far from surprised to see she was still alive.
‘We’d heard you were doing fine: and Matto too!’ a little man as round as ball declared merrily.
‘And Glaukos?’ she asked, seeing no sign of him amongst them.
‘Why, we granted him the head of a proud cockerel!’ the blackened child of the minotaur gleefully declared.
‘And the muscles of a great…pig!’ another, as lanky and limp as a bean sprout, laughed raucously.
‘To help him in his toils down the mines we’ve heard he’s been sent to!’ the three-headed spawn of Cerberus nervously cackled.
‘Though the way he wakes crowing every morning…’ a man spliced with tree roots began with a wicked grin.
‘…we can’t see him being at all popular with his new friends!’ the roly-poly man finished for him with a highly amused giggle, like they’d already had quite a good number of laughs over this.
At last, though, their amusement turned to concern and interest as they began to ask after Matto in more detail.
‘We haven’t seen him in ages…’
‘Just as we hadn’t seen you for a while until now…’
‘Is it true he’s really been turned into an angel?’
‘With real angel wings, we mean?’
Khione was increasingly disheartened by all these questions, and not only because she was having difficulty tempering her answers to ensure she didn’t set them off worrying, perhaps unnecessarily, or at least to no good purpose.
She had hoped that they’d be the ones telling her how Matto was fairing.
Perhaps, even, how to find him too.
‘Will he fly?’
‘We’ve been told he just needed to get used to his wings and then…’
The painfully lanky man flapped his skinny arms as if even they might help raise him up into the heavens.
‘He’s still recovering,’ Khione admitted without, naturally, informing them just how bad he’d been when she’d last seen him. ‘I’ve been told I can’t see him until he’s completely well again.’
Noting her sadness, the show people gathered about her, consoling her, granting her the odd, overly warm hug.
‘Don’t worry!’ they said brightly.
‘Akkavish is a genius!’
‘He’s in very safe hands!’
‘She’s a far kinder person than you might presume…’
‘Naturally, even we were horrified by her appearance at first!’
‘Terrified more like!’ the spawn of Cerberus chortled 
‘Then…’ Khione asked doubtfully, ‘where can I meet this wonderful Akkavish?’


*


Of course, the show people had worked with Akkavish to recreate the pitiful Glaukos in a likeness more to their choosing.
They knew where she put together her own masterpieces.
Not that Khione was about to go directly to the ‘theatre’ where she performed her works.
Matto wouldn’t be there.
He’d be close, surely, if only so that Akkavish could keep a regular eye on him.
(How many eyes did a spider have?)
But he’d be placed somewhere in a side room, where he could ‘recover’.
She’d tried a number of doors leading off the corridor where Akkavish worked.
None appeared to Khione like a feasible place to put someone who was recuperating from a procedure gone wrong. 
She knew she was getting close to Akkavish’s areas of operations, however, when she stumbled into an unsettling room full of massive cocoons that hung from the ceiling.
Shivering with disgust, she was prepared to withdraw from the room when she noted that the cocoons contained ostensibly human forms, suggesting a macabre storeroom of essential body parts preserved for later use. 
Through the silken threads, Khione could make out the horns of antelopes, the manes of apparently frozen, stilled lions, the muscular torsos of great bulls.
In one, the taut silken threads wrapped around the face of a man.
A face so angular and handsome, even a winding of threads couldn’t wholly hide it.
Matto.
Akkavish had bound him up in one of her cocoons, like setting aside a tasty morsel in a gruesomely well-stocked larder.


*


Chapter 20

On a table nearby, Khione found all manner of incredibly sharp knives, some the like of which she’d never seen before.
Taking one of these, she began to carefully slice away the cocooning threads, revealing more and more of an apparently unconscious Matto.
He was still breathing, if slowly, and perhaps a little unevenly.
As she tried to listen into and apprehend what she was sure must be the poor state of his breathing, she heard another, even more unsettling sound:
A rapid scuttling.
The swift moves of many legs across a floor.
Akkavish!
Whirling around, Khione was only just in time to see the spider woman darting at amazing speed across the floor towards her, a hideous vision of rapidly scrambling, crooked legs, surmounted to the fore by the head of an otherwise beautiful woman.
Before a startled Khione could react, Akkavish had risen up on two hind legs, her other multiple limbs – arms, not legs, after all – seeking to wrap threads about her and prevent her from uncovering Matto any further.
Yet Akkavish had made her own mistake.
She hadn’t realised Khione was armed with the knife she’d used to slice away the embinding strands. And so her primary concern, bizarrely, appeared to be with simply pulling Khione away, rather than entrapping her arms, as if she were protecting the cocooned Matto.
Fearing for her life, disgusted by the sight of this many limbed beast attacking her, Khione swung the blade towards the side of Akkavish’s head – only for it to stop a bare inch from striking home.
Yet another, completely unexpected pair of arms had come out of nowhere to grab her own arm, holding it firm.
‘No, no!’ a strained voice from close behind her groaned painfully.
Matto had briefly regained consciousness; only to take hold of Khione, not Akkavish.
He faded into unconscious almost as swiftly as he’d recovered from it, his grip on her rapidly weakening.
Yet he’d managed to still Khione’s action long enough to save Akkavish, granting her the opportunity to launch her own strike.
She lunged forwards, mouth open fearsomely wide, her teeth bared. 
Two of her teeth were massive, curved, and as sharp as an assassin’s knife.
They plunged deep into Khione’s neck. 
Her eyes opened in terror. 
She felt the surge of injected venom.
Felt it rush deep into her veins, mingling instantaneously with her blood.
How poisonous would it be?
How long did she have?
She already sensed a growing numbness throughout her body,
An unavoidable weakness.
And then her legs crumpled beneath her.
And she was tumbling to the floor, all sense fleeing her.


*


Chapter 21

When her senses began to return to her, Khione was looking down from a height, as if floating in the air above a recumbent Matto, laid out upon his stone white plinth.
Everywhere about him, as if forming a comfortable bed, there was a whole array of soft white feathers.
Ah, yes; she remembered now.
She’d been brought here by Anemoi, who wanted her to use her cooling powers to heal her friend’s wounds.
But…she didn’t know what to do.
Her supposed powers were limited.
She remained unsure how she ever called them up
They just happened, didn’t they? Whenever she needed them most?
Well, wasn’t this just such an occasion?
She needed them to ensure Matto lived!
Yet…Matto wasn’t on the plinth, was he?
He was on a table.
Surrounded by all manner of sharp knives.
Some of a design and kind Khione had never seen before.
Where was she then?
She couldn’t move, she realised, with a growing anxiety.
Her arms were firmly bound to her sides.
Her legs were equally unmoveable.
She couldn’t even turn her head, not even slightly.
Her ears seemed to be curiously muffled, quietening deep, ominous rumblings, that could have been heralding the approach of a truly terrible storm. 
A cocoon!
She was tightly bound in a mass of taut silken threads!
Yes, she remembered now; the fight with Akkavish.
The way Matto had rushed to the spider-woman’s defence!
The strangely, ultimately calming experience of being injected with Akkavish’s venom.
She had no idea how long she’d remained unconscious.
A terrible thought abruptly struck her.
Why had Akkavish left her eyes clear of the cocooning threads?
Did she intend to operate on Matto right before her?


*


‘Ah, you’ve come around at last, I see!’
Through the muffling effects of the cocoon, Khione could hardly hear Akkavish’s bright welcome as she strode into the room.
It was only with Akkavish’s voice as comparison that Khione at last recognised that the continuous, thunderous murmurs of the oncoming storm must be incredibly noisome.
Akkavish didn’t scuttle into the room low down and on all legs as she had before. She strode in confidently upon two legs, her many arms giving her the appearance now of some fearsome goddess from other realms.
‘My venom isn’t poisonous – unless I wish it to be, naturally!’ Akkavish continued. ‘It can be a sedative, allowing you to rest and recuperate, while your blood flows freely everywhere about your body without clotting: hence the need for my protective cocoons!’
‘Then…is Matto about to recover?’
Khione was surprised to find that she could speak. The threads about her mouth must have been left loose.
‘He’s close, yes,’ Akkavish reassured her. ‘Despite your foolishly naive intervention!’
‘I thought…’
She couldn’t finish her accusation.
Had she been wholly wrong about this Akkavish after all?
‘That I would eat him all up later?’ Akkavish finished for her with a satisfied chuckle. 
‘Still, you had no right to endanger him by grafting such ludicrously large wings upon him!’
‘No right? But he gave me permission! He wanted to fly! To soar up and up towards the heavens like some demigod!’
‘That doesn’t sound like the Matto I know!’
‘And how long have you known him? To be such an expert on his desires, I mean?’
‘Well, I…’
It had hardly been any time at all, had it?
‘Did you tell him how unsuccessful you’d been in all your other attempts to grant the powers of flight to your subjects?’
‘Of course!’ Akkavish assuredly declared. ‘Their chest muscles, I believe, weren’t anywhere near capable of powering the wings I’d granted them! But Matto; why, I sense a strong enough gust of wind could grant him flight!’
‘And the queen allows you to operate on anyone of your choosing like this?’
‘Allows? She commands! She is the saviour of beasts now raised to the level of men! So why can’t men be raised to the next level of godliness?’
‘Beasts to men? Then your soldiers…’
‘Unfortunates born as hybrids, now set on a course of redemption!’ 
‘And the beasts I saw toiling in your mines? Or at the oars?’
‘Not everyone understands the importance of forever higher forms of being! We’re presented with no choice but to place their abilities at our disposal in other forms.’
‘Then what of you, Akkavish? Why haven’t you accepted this change to a “higher form” of life?’
‘And how could I operate if I had undergone a transformation? This is my personal sacrifice, don’t you see, to enable the rising of the multitudes?’ 
‘The queen has sensibly remained free of your “rising”!’
‘Far from it!’ Akkavish retorted with a satisfied guffaw. ‘She was amongst my first!’
‘She…was a beast?’
‘You really must stop referring to them as “beasts”! My creations are superior to those born as men precisely because they’re more fully aware of the suffering engendered by previously existing on a lower stratum! The queen sees herself as a new Kheiron, possessing all the empathy of the wounded healer!’
‘In what way is she wounded? She appears…well, perfectly natural to me!’
‘She gave up a fleetness of foot, a magnificent strength: for such foolish physical attributes must be cast aside in our more spiritual endeavours!’
Before Khione could demand more detailed answers, their conversation was rudely interrupted by a tremendous rumbling that set the whole room trembling. 
The volcano!
Of course – why hadn’t she realised this before?
Because now it sounded uncomfortably close to erupting, whereas when she’d last seen it (but how long ago was that?) it had appeared to be merely slumbering, and a long way off from becoming entirely active.
‘Fools!’ Akkavish stormed. ‘This isn’t the time!’
Then she was gone, darting from the room as if even she felt suddenly threatened.


*


Chapter 22

The rumblings were growing in intensity and regularity.
The room was shaking so much now that Khione feared Matto might be sent tumbling to the floor at any moment. He was already chaotically sliding around upon the smooth tabletop.
The cocoons, suspended from the ceiling by little more than entwined threads, swayed and rocked, crashing into each other like bowled skittles.  
The sharpened instruments clattered, then, one by one, dropped off the table edge, striking the floor with metallic rings.
There was even greater, even more violent noise than the volcanic grumblings, like a booming of thunder so close it might deafen you.
What followed, Khione reasoned, could only be an explosion.
It was ear splitting, even for her own cocoon-encased ears.
The room shook now as if it had been taken up in the hands of giant children, none of whom had a care for any damage or ill they might cause.
The threads supporting Khione snapped.
She fell hard to a ferociously vibrating floor.
And, once again, she was rendered unconscious.


*


Chapter 23

This time as Khione at last came around, she felt the cocooning threads being deftly yet carefully sliced away from her tightly shrouded body.
Not that she could see who was freeing her. For she’d fallen more or less face down, and against a purely white wall.
Even before her muffled ears were finally uncovered, however, she could hear the now almost continuously repeated series of violent explosions.
The room was shaking more frenziedly than ever, the floor’s vibrations sending painful shock waves through her body. Everything was rolling too, as if the ship was now at sea, and being relentlessly tossed upon stormy waves.
‘Khione? Are you all right?’ 
The voice was concerned.
Matto.
‘Are you all right?’ Khione asked worriedly. 
‘Yes, yes: but we both need to get out of her – and quickly, too!’
‘What’s happening?’
‘Can’t you hear it! The volcano’s getting ready to completely erupt!’
Matto had managed to cut through enough of the cocoon now for Khione to free an arm and begin – if frustratingly unsuccessfully – to attempt helping him by tearing at the remarkably strong threads.
‘I thought it was stable…’
‘The tunnelling; the plan was to weaken it, to a point where they’d have time to leave the island then just wait for it to take out all the neighbouring kingdoms! But the volcano had its own ideas – its larva streams broke out into the mine, burning alive thousands!’
‘Then…we’ve no escape?’
He shook his head uncertainly.
‘We set out to sea ages ago – even so, I think it might have been too late!’


*


Up on deck, the situation appeared even worse than Khione could have possibly imagined.
Despite its vast size, the ship appeared to be fully at the mercy of the seething seas.
The skies were unnaturally dark, for vast, rapidly acceding plumes of dark smoke curled up apparently endlessly into the air, a looming, Hydra-like serpent of multiple dreadful heads.
Amongst all this rose the flames, a monstrous, bloody red, heralding the release of hell.
She and Matto weren’t the only ones on deck. A great many others had also gathered there, perhaps setting aside their fears, at least partially replacing it with hope that they’d escaped the worst of the coming destruction.
The raging volcano lay far behind them after all.  
And their ship – why, it was a titan of the waves!
Hundreds of great oars were biting hard into the water, propelling the vessel along at a previously unimaginable speed.
The sense of urgency had been instilled into everyone!
They all knew they had to get away as far as possible if they hoped to survive.
Even a nearby island they were closely passing was entirely ignored, for this would vanish along with the volcano when it went into its full throes of agony.
Abruptly, the long-tortured volcano let out a pained, booming roar like no other previously heard.
 Amongst the dark shrouds this time there rose an even darker, impenetrably black cloud, hurtling upwards into the heavens, as if reaching out itself to be god-like, even as it prepared to die.
The flaming, molten rock that had run so freely through the subterranean mines now poured over the peak’s rim, rushing down the steep inclines, coating everything it passed over in its bright scarlet cloak.
The surrounding sea itself was now on fire.


*


Chapter 24

The first objects to rain down from the sky simply fell amongst the waves, the flames immediately doused with a disgruntled hiss.
The first to land on the ship’s deck was a massive shard of boiling hot rock. The wood instantly began to sizzle and shriek.
An abrupt rainstorm of flaming rock and pumice fell amongst the crowds gathered on deck. Those hit died in an instant. Others writhed in agony as their garments were set alight.
There was a sudden rush for the hatches and the stairs leading to the relative safety of the lower decks. Yet even before everyone had clambered through the doors, a thick, hot ash that singed everything it touched, and burnt out the lungs of anyone breathing it in, was already falling about them.
The fleeing crowds became evermore panicked as they realised the ship was preparing to sink under the waves. 
And yet, the crew had left it too late.
For far from cooling as it struck the sea, the flow of larva, borne on a pillow of heated air, was rushing towards them faster than any great gust of wind.


*


Like a hurriedly moving cliff of super-heated rock, the larva flow pounced on what was a relatively small vessel. 
As it was wholly swamped, decking, balconies and oars either abruptly disintegrated into a powdery black charcoal, or burst into flame.
Khione and Matto had fortunately managed to put the base of the stairs far enough behind them to avoid the maelstrom of swirling heat and flames that engulfed those still hoping to flee the upper deck. To one side, too, they saw through opened doors a whole balcony of curious people vanish in a agonised instant of roaring, rushing pumice that scraped them entirely clear of the ship’s side. 
Even those close to the doors spontaneously burst into flame.
Through the opening, Khione and Matto witnessed the beginning of something even more remarkable: for the stormy sea had calmed, as if it were all suddenly and unexpectedly over.


*


Chapter 25

Coming around from their shock, ignoring the pained wailings of so many others about them, a handful of people dared to step closer to the gaping hole in the hull where the balcony had been only moments before.
‘The sea,’ Matto exclaimed doubtfully, bewildered by what he was seeing. ‘It’s rushing back towards the island!’
‘The level’s dropping,’ Khione fearfully added, as others cried, ‘Like the whole sea’s being hurriedly drunk up by Poseidon!’
No one had ever seen anything like this before.
The sea was indeed rapidly vanishing before their very eyes.
Great, tumultuous shoals of fish were being gradually revealed, silvery, shining clouds that swirled in panic and confusion.
The larger sea creatures, like the octopus, the smaller whales, were also being brought into sight as the waters swiftly receded.
But where on earth could it all be going?
The huge vessel, still furiously aflame around its upper areas, began to list to one side as it settled on the seabed, righting itself only a little as the last of the water disappeared.
Below the crowd watching through the yawning hole, other doors or hatches that had previously been fully underwater, and so had survived the wall of flaming larva, were now being hurriedly thrown open. As ropes were swiftly lowered, all manner of person and creature began to desert the stricken ship, undoubtedly with the intention of making their way towards the nearby island.
Yet the earth they dropped down towards simply sucked them up. It consisted of nothing but glutinous mud and slime. They might have realised this earlier, too, if only they’d taken time to observe the agonised thrashing of the brightly glistening fish as they struggled to breathe and to free themselves.
Besides, if only they’d waited a touch longer, they would have had their answer to the question of where all that water might have gone.
For it was already in a great rush to return.
Taking on the form of a towering wall of water surging towards them at the speed of an arrow.


*


‘We have to go: and quick!’
Khione urgently caught hold of Matto’s hand, forcibly dragging him away from the opening.
‘Why, what’s wrong?’
‘Can’t you hear it? Feel it?’
Khione was right, Matto suddenly recognised.
It was the shriek of a forced, rushing wind. A feeling that the air was pressing hard against him, taking on an almost solid substantiality.
‘Where? Where can we go?’ he demanded anxiously.
‘The queen: and Anemoi. If anyone knows of any chance to escape, it will be them!’
Even as they turned about to seek out some safer way of abandoning the wretched vessel, the towering tidal wave struck the beleaguered ship every bit as hard and unforgivingly as the earlier wall of blazing larva.
There were no flames this time of course. Indeed, it even doused in an instant the huge sections of the ship that had been fiercely burning.
Yet the sheer weight and speed of so colossal an amount of water hit the vessel with an intensity equal to that of a magically moving wall of solid rock.
The power of its strike compelled the ship to momentarily rush along the seabed before it.
Then it cascaded down upon the deck and hull as if it were the most terrible of avalanches, unforgivably pounding the wood, shattering even beams that were thicker than the largest cart, splintering so much of the vessel into the smallest smithereens.


*


Chapter 26

With most of the ship torn asunder, the invasive waters rushed unhindered everywhere about the remaining corridors and rooms. 
Despite this, what was left of the originally submersible vessel retained a lingering buoyancy for the present. And so it rose up off the seabed, to be thrown about by the rampaging waters as if it were a toy ball. 
Man and creature were tossed about inside as if the ship’s remnants were nothing more than a disturbed insects nest. No one could be sure which way should be considered up or down as they prepared themselves for a wished-for righting of the now hopelessly wrecked vessel.
Amongst all this chaos, how could Khione and Matto even dare to suggest they might somehow save themselves?
Because, of course, they had no choice.
To think otherwise would be to admit defeat and give up right here and now.
Yet even they had given up any chance of spotting the queen amidst all this anarchic struggle for survival.
The truth was, however, that the surviving part of what had been a truly grand vessel was now incredibly small, the core of the original ship, and therefore its most sturdily built.
This is where both the queen and Anemoi had sought shelter almost from the very beginning of the freeing of the demons encased within the volcano. For they, more than anyone else, recognised the terrible onslaught they had unwittingly released far too early for their own liking.
Now that even this part of the ship remained unsafe, they sought to desert it entirely, rushing along a corridor to where they knew spherical coracles were stored and ready for launching in the event of a sinking.
Khione didn’t recognise the queen at first.
Every move she’d seen the queen make had been studiously elegant, flawless, and admirable.
Yet now as she ran – even taking into account the ferocious rocking, as what was left of the ship began to stabilise before it finally and completely sank under the weight of the all-conquering waters – her gait was ungainly, even apparently agonised.
What had Akkavish said?
That Queen Leuconoe had once been fleet of foot?
Incredibly strong?
That like Kheiron, she now saw herself as a wounded healer!
Fool!
Kheiron had been a centaur, hadn’t he!
And so, of course, had Queen Leuconoe!
The equine part of her sliced queen away by the deft, multiple hands of the devilish Akkavish!
Naturally, unlike the bedraggled queen, Anemoi couldn’t be mistaken anywhere. He was now armed though, for the first time since Khione had first come across him, with four helms and a massively powerful bow.
Khione and Matto followed in the queen and Anemoi’s wake, wisely ignoring the less informed escape routes being attempted by everyone else around them.


*


It was a small door leading to what at first appeared to be an equally small room.
No wonder it was left unopened by the fearful crowds seeking escape from the sinking ship. 
Yet as soon as they were inside, the queen and Anemoi slipped to one side, vanishing through another, secret door.
Khione and Matto were only a few footsteps behind: and so as the fleeing queen and Anemoi arrived at their goal and stopped to open a small, upper section of the spherical lifeboat, they heard and saw immediately that they’d been followed.
Anemoi expertly and threateningly raised his bow: but Queen Leuconoe stayed his releasing of the notched arrow.
‘There’s room for four,’ she said resignedly. ‘And I need them to understand the difference between men and animals made men!’
‘Thousands of men are dying: that’s difference enough for me!’ Matto spat furiously.
‘So their lands can be populated by those far more deserving: one-time creatures freshly enabled by the bodies men’s spirits have deserted! My creations benefit from an eradication of Strife– ‘
Her words were halted in her throat, an arrow striking hard home in her mouth, pinioning her tongue to the back of her throat.
Anemoi almost immediately fired his own bow, skilfully bringing down the assailant who’d snuck in through the doors they’d left open.
An escaped slave, perhaps?
Or one of Queen Leuconoe’s own men, dismayed by her attempt at desertion?
‘Get in the lifeball!’ Anemoi ordered as he notched another arrow, his focus still on the opened door.
Khione and Matto gratefully slipped into the globularly confined interior. But as Anemoi spun about, preparing to join them, he let out a gasp of shock and pain, a spurt of dark blood: for a spear had completely run him through, its reddened blade protruding menacingly from his chest.
With what must have been his last actions, he reached up and pulled on the upper ridge of the door-like section, slamming it shut.
And then Khione and Matto felt themselves being whirled upwards at great speed, as if launched from a great catapult.


*


Chapter 27

Khione and Matto must have bobbed on the stormy waves for at least a whole day before the sea calmed enough for them to risk pulling back the movable sections of their lifeball.
They thought it must be night, it was so impossibly dark.
There was no moon.
No stars.
And no matter how much longer they seemed to float – they fell into an exhausted sleep a number of times – on the waves, neither day nor sun put in an appearance.
All the light from the heavens had been entirely blotted out.
It was cold.
Matto shivered, despite Khione’s attempts to wrap him up more warmly in his own eiderdown of gloriously white feathers.
As for Khione; well, she delighted in this new coldness.
It had been so long since she’d enjoyed such a delicious sense of everything being right, everything being as it should be.
She could put her hand in the equally freezing sea, focus on the solidity of that lack of a fluid heat: sense where it was water, and where it was a slightly warmer creature.
Then she would condense that cold, send it surging out, like it was a lightning strike rushing beneath the waves: and she had speared a fish for their meal.
For water, she could freeze what little moisture remained in the air itself: then let it slowly melt on Matto’s lips.
She might well survive this, she realised, no matter how long they were out at sea.
But Matto?
He wouldn’t last long at all.
And although it was far too dark to be sure, the winds seemed to tell her they were hundreds of miles from any inhabited land.
Yes, yes – the winds were whispering to her!
Was she going mad?


*


Chapter 28

Let’s return, for a while, to Boreas, the north wind.
It seems he had taken quite a liking to Oreithyia, the goddess of mountain winds.
They could have been made for each other!
And yet…
Oreithyia obviously thought not: for she rebuffed his many advances.
Not that demi-gods like Boreas are ever put off by – or believe they should even take any notice of – any kind of rejection or spurning.
He simply did what all men in his position do: took her by force.
As Oreithyia happily danced on a riverbank, he wrapped her up in a cloud and forcibly married her.
She bore him two daughters, one of whom was Khione.
The other was Kleopatra who, as she did little more than become the first wife of the seer Phineus, isn’t really of any interest to us here.
Khione, on the other hand, was granted the powers to control ice, snow, and the mountain air.
Who says parents don’t have their favourites?
Like her father, it seems, she could easily get angry.
So she became famous for turning people into ice sculptures.
Not that that particular power is currently of any use to her.
Unless she’s so frustrated with Matto helplessness that she’s decided she’s better off without him.


*


Having considered the few options left open to them, Khione carefully opened up as many of the upper sections of the lifeball as she could, allowing the cold winds to freely whip about them both.
Matto wouldn’t live for much longer unless she did something.
This was his only chance – if a small one.
She would take the cold winds under her command. Or, if she proved incapable of that, she’d try conjuring up cold winds of her own – even though she realised this sounded even more improbable!
And yet the winds – they reassured her she hadn’t been driven crazy, that everything she was contemplating was all perfectly feasible.
With the winds acting under her orders, surely there should be enough lift to give Matto’s wings all the powers he needed?
And if not; why, then she would simply blow all the harder until he soared effortlessly upwards, just as a seagull floats on the incoming breezes!
The winds responded to her requests for help.
She could call up fresh gusts too, albeit bitingly cold.
They simply goaded the increasingly shivering Matto to cocoon himself all the more tightly in the shrouding warmth of his wings, rather than persuading him to open them up and take advantage of winds that blew with an ever-increasing strength and persistence.
The coracle spun and whirled across the waves as the winds blew so ferociously.
Yet Matto made no attempt to rouse himself from his morose stupor.


*


Chapter 29

The winds whipped around Khione determinedly, sending her clothes, her hair, rising up everywhere about her.
‘Come with us!’ they hissed excitedly.
‘We’ve missed you!’
‘We’d thought you’d forgotten us!’
They caressed her.
Embraced her.
And then she was rising up along with them, spinning exuberantly in an excited whirl. 
Lifted far outside the coracle. Far higher than she might have intended.
For she was elated to recall the joy of soaring so far above the sea, the earth.
Yet there was still Matto to think of.
She dropped slowly downwards once more, slipped back into the coracle.
She thought it would be a simple matter of wrapping her arms about him, then ascending swiftly on the eagerly helpful winds once more.
Yet those damned useless wings of his were too bulky, too heavy.
Too limp and unresponsive.
She sighed in frustration, her cold breath setting his heavy blue hair – that even the fiercest winds had somehow failed to stir even slightly – into a delighted waving motion.
The more powers she recalled, the more recollections she remembered.
She let Matto go.
She didn’t need to carry him up high, she realised joyously.
Instead, she bent in low towards him.
And whispered her new-found love for him.


*


Chapter 30

Remember Matto’s strange insistent that he seemed to recall being attacked by a Harpy?
And how, too, this all led to an earlier exploration of the escapades of the Boreades, Zetes, and Kalais?
The Boreades’ battle with the Harpies all came about because Zeus had sent the vengeful ministers of his wrath to snatch away the food from the mouth of Phineus, a seer blinded for daring to alert mankind to the gods’ plans for them.
The Harpyiai, or ‘snatchers’, ‘swift robbers’, were also referred to as the unpredictable Thuellai, Storm-Winds. While the Boreades themselves were winds, albeit more favourable ones.
As for Phineus, he’d married the twin’s sister.
A girl called Kleopatra.
Who had a sister, called Khione.
Whose father was the north wind, Boreas.
Now, naturally, Boreas had also had sons. Sons who became known, not unreasonably, as the Boreades.
So Khione is a sister of the Boreades.
But wait…
How can this Matto possibly be either Zetes and Kalais?
Wouldn’t he have recognised Khione as soon as he’d seen her?
Wouldn’t Khione have recognised her brother?
Yet as we’ve seen, both Khione and Matto have suffered throughout most of this tale from the most terrible form of amnesia, as if they’d drunk from the Daughter of Strife’s lake of oblivion.
In fact, this may well be the case. 
For how, do you think, would Zeus take to the Boreades thwarting his infliction of ever more torments on poor Phineus?
While Khione, of course, had run foul of Zeus’s brother Poseidon.
By pitting themselves against such powerful gods, both sister and brother were heading for a fall, weren’t they?
Indeed, we know that even though the Harpies fled the scene of battle, the one called Okythoe fell to earth with one of the pursuing twins.
Even so, the most important point to consider regarding the present situation is that Zetes and Calais flew through the power of the graceful curls of their hair.
And with powers like that, who needs wings?


*


As Khione informed him of her sisterly love, Matto’s eyes opened wide.
How could he have forgotten?
He shrugged off the false comfort of his wings.
He let his hair flow upwards in the winds created by his sister, gusts and draughts now augmented by his own considerable abilities.
The winds urged them both to rise up with them.
‘Come Zetes!’
‘Come Khione!’
‘Come back with us!
‘To where you rightfully belong!’
They embraced, brother and sister, at last reunited.
Then they were soaring up and up.
Ascending to the heavens once more.
God and Goddess.
If, admittedly, only relatively minor ones.


End




If you enjoyed reading this book, you might also enjoy (or you may know someone else who might enjoy) these other books by Jon Jacks. 

The Caught – The Rules – Chapter One – The Changes – Sleeping Ugly
The Barking Detective Agency – The Healing – The Lost Fairy Tale
A Horse for a Kingdom – Charity – The Most Beautiful Things (Now includes The Last Train)
The Dream Swallowers – Nyx; Granddaughter of the Night – Jonah and the Alligator
Glastonbury Sirens – Dr Jekyll’s Maid – The 500-Year Circus – The Desire: Class of 666
P – The Endless Game – DoriaN A – Wyrd Girl – The Wicker Slippers – Gorgesque
Heartache High (Vol I) – Heartache High: The Primer (Vol II) – Heartache High: The Wakening (Vol III)
Miss Terry Charm, Merry Kris Mouse & The Silver Egg – The Last Angel  – Eve of the Serpent
Seecrets – The Cull – Dragonsapien – The Boy in White Linen – Porcelain Princess – Freaking Freak
Died Blondes – Queen of all the Knowing World – The Truth About Fairies – Lowlife
Elm of False Dreams – God of the 4th Sun – A Guide for Young Wytches – Lady of the Wasteland
The Wendygo House – Americarnie Trash – An Incomparable Pearl – We Three Queens – Cygnet Czarinas
Memesis  – April Queen, May Fool – Sick Teen – Thrice Born – Self-Assembled Girl – Love Poison No. 13
Whatever happened to Cinderella’s Slipper? – AmeriChristmas  –  The Vitch’s Kat in Hollywoodland
Blood of Angels, Wings of Men  –  Patchwork Quest  –  The World Turns on A Card  –  Palace of Lace
The Wailing Ships  –  The Bad Samaritan  –  The 13th Month  –  The Silvered Mare  –  SpinDell
Swan Moon  –  The Unicorndoll  –  Lesser Nefertiti  –  My Shrieking Skin  –  Stone in Love
Font of All Lies  –  The Bared Heart   –  The Fairy Paintbox  –  An Angelic Alphabet
Forewarnings and Three Grapes  –  Death of a Fairytale Princess  –  The Incurable Caress
The Maid’s Caul  –  Nu’s Ark  –  A Disgraced Angel  –  Wake Me Up When it’s Christmas
God’s Toybox  –  Aurora Rising  –  The Veil  –  Petals: Portals of Desire  –  Ripppples
The Golden Elk  –  The Deep and Secret Yes



